A Gothic City

By Robert Desilva

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2010
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT

I would like to thank my good friends Sue Schaumburg and Arlys Korynta for all the support they provided to me.

LICENSING NOTES
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form without expressed written permission.

All characters in this book are fictitious, and any resemblance to real persons, living or dead is coincidental.

DEDICATION
This book is also dedicated to the memory of Patrick James Wilkie who without hesitation, volunteered to help with this project. Thank you.
God bless you forever.

COVER CREDITS
Cover Art: Consuelo Parra Perez
Model: Yarrow. Photographer: Marcus Ranum
City by: Almudena-stock.deviantart.com
Stairs: by wolfc-stock.deviantart.com

Professional digital artist: digitalconsuelo@gmail.com
https://www.facebook.com/pages/consuelo-parra-Digital-Art/30986326239089 

Dwayne Valdis is rebuilding his Empire, which he believes will catapult him into global domination. Alexis Nokovic, Queen of a rival gothic family, stand between him and his quest for world power. She took an oath to destroy him after he betrayed her sect during a battle against the Romans in the 3rd Century. After years of separation, their inevitable clash reignites and leads to a final conflict for civilization. To complicate matters, her son the prince, develops a pivotal and forbidden love affair with a mortal female as these two extraordinary factions renew their war in modern day Europe.
	



CHAPTER ONE
	Raymond repeatedly hounded his brother, Duncan, who demanded to know why Jonathan hadn’t shown up yet. He was tired of waiting inside the car. Raymond hated the arrangement with the associates they dealt with. Duncan and six other men also waited in their cars on a cool, damp morning at the city’s waterfront just before dawn. They weren’t there to work or to have breakfast with friends or anything that was remotely legal. They were members of the notorious Valdis family. They were as deeply associated with organized crime as any group in the country. Raymond had sixty million dollars in the trunk. The money was payment for a long list of narcotics being delivered to them by a soldier from the Scarpelli crime family.
They had a reputation for being less than honorable in their dealings with other underworld associates at times. This type of supply and demand was arranged by Dwayne Valdis, Lord and Master of the family that bared his name. The millennium had just arrived and was accompanied by a host of bad elements. Until recent, organized crime in New Holland had been kept under control for years. That all changed when Dwayne took over a large portion of the city’s underworld. Most of the other families avoided challenging them because they possessed a huge supply of muscle and high financial status in the city. Regardless, the syndicate wanted them out of the way because they operated independently, which was outside of the Executive Board. This panel included the top Bosses and under-Bosses from seven of the most powerful crime families in the world-bar none. They were even feared by law enforcement and rival crime families all over the world.
	A short time later, a silver sedan slowly drove down the street towards the men. Raymond was relieved the transaction was almost complete. But he planned to give Jonathan a piece of his mind. He felt there was no excuse for being late. All eight men stepped out of their cars as the sedan drew to a sudden stop, which made them a little suspicious. Jonathan explicitly told them he would be driving a black Mercedes, not a black BMW. An unrecognized vehicle meant undercover cops or an attempted robbery by another outfit. Raymond and his men slowly approached-ready to draw their guns. They stopped thirty feet in front of the strange car. They couldn’t see the driver clearly because the front windshield was tinted. No normal person drove around with their front windshield tinted black unless they were begging for an accident.
Raymond looked at his men, not knowing exactly what to do or what to expect. Duncan took the initiative and approached from the driver’s side. He yelled and asked who they were and what they wanted. He received no reply. He looked back as the other men stared on with curiosity. Duncan repeated himself as he moved closer. He stopped when the headlights suddenly flashed on and off. He took a few more steps toward the sedan. Again, he paused when the headlights flashed on and off, which now made the situation very tense. He reached inside his black, leather blazer and placed his hand on his pistol. Corbin, a top hit man for the family, slowly approached the passenger side with his revolver drawn. He remained at least two or three car lengths away. After an eerie pause, the driver’s side door slowly swung open, which drew all their attention away from the passenger side for a brief moment. 
Duncan ordered the driver to step out or face being riddled with bullets. Before he could utter another threat the passenger side door quickly flung open. At first, all they saw was a black, thick, heeled boot step down on the ground from behind the door. A sawed off shotgun suddenly appeared between the car and the door frame. Before anyone could react, the driver fired and blew a hole in Corbin. Dazed by what happened, the men returned fire. The unknown gunman fired through the front windshield, striking and killing Duncan instantly. 
The mysterious stranger stepped out-dressed in black, including a full length duster. He hurried to the rear of his car as the Valdis men returned fire. The stranger darted out and moved sideways across the road blasting away. His bullets found their mark in a few of his targets. He himself was hit multiple times, but for some reason wouldn’t go down. And he wasn’t wearing a bullet-proof vest. When he emptied his shotgun, he pulled out two black, automatic pistols and opened fire. One by one they fell. Raymond was struck in the thigh and hopped away. The gunman caught up with him when he fell to the ground-unable to run any further. He looked up into the eyes of his executioner. He didn’t know him. A distinct red and black mask hid his identity. He didn’t understand what the gun battle was all about. Regardless, one fact was certain, he was going to die. The unidentified man raised his gun as Raymond pleaded for his life, which fell on deaf ears. His demeanor was that of a cold machine whose only function was to kill. He fired two times in succession. Raymond’s head snapped backward as his lifeless body fell to the ground.
	The gunman retraced his steps back to the seven remaining corpses. They were scattered all around him. His body language resembled the Grim Reaper-cold and merciless. He approached Raymond’s car. He used his fingers to pierce the trunk. He pulled upward and tore the lock out as easily as one rips a piece a paper. Who or what was he? He reached into the trunk and pulled out a stainless steel briefcase, which he opened. Inside was sixty million in cash. He reached into his coat and pulled out a small container of flammable liquid. He struck a match and tossed it into the briefcase, which ignited. Hemorrhaging from multiple gunshot wounds, he just stood there and watched sixty million dollars go up in flames.

CHAPTER TWO
	Kerri heard someone upstairs in one of the bathrooms in the enormous estate she resided in. She detected the sound of water running in the sink and yet, she failed to hear anyone enter her home. She didn’t let that stop her. She climbed the beautiful staircase that led to the second floor of the three story residence. The corridor was dim but light illuminated from under the door as she approached. There was a dangerous killer inside her home. She slowly pushed the door open as the person inside looked at her with wide eyes. The killer was Xavier, her younger brother. He stood over the sink after cleaning the blood stains off of his wounds and his coat. He looked silently into the mirror. Kerri in her obnoxious way, demanded to know where he had been. After he told her, she immediately flew into a short rant about how dangerous going out alone was when taking on the Valdis family-their sworn enemy for the last seventeen centuries.
 Kerri and Xavier Nokovic were not just participants of some blood feud that their ancestors fought in the past. Many of their current relatives had been embroiled in the conflict from the beginning. However, they were not ordinary beings. Neither were they witches, warlocks or vampires. They were immortals. Unbeknownst to the people of New Holland, super-human beings lived right in their midst.  Xavier and Kerri were the children of Alexis Nokovic.  She herself was immortal and queen of a large, Teutonic sect known as the Ostrogoths. For over fifteen centuries, they were locked in battle against the Visigoths-a sub clan headed by their ancient and present day king, Dwayne Valdis.
Xavier turned to Kerri and complained that she worried too much. But that was her way. She was extremely close to her brother. She had watched over him from the time he was a new born baby. And they did what most siblings do; they argued and picked at each other constantly. But they were as loyal to each other as a brother and sister could be. Knowing him like a book, she asked him how much money he confiscated. He informed her that he burned the tainted money and killed eight men. 
At that moment, Gabriella walked up and joined the conversation. She and Xavier had been childhood sweethearts from the day they could breathe. They were also born immortals on the same day. She and her family lived with Alexis and the rest of the Gothic Royal Family in their palatial residence. This privilege was reserved for Gabriella and her family, and those who were Alexis’ best friends long before she ever became an immortal. She stood opposite Kerri in the bathroom doorway. All Xavier wanted to do was lay down and rest. Both women insisted on knowing why he repeatedly attacked the Valdis and other crime families alone. His excuse was always the same; he didn’t want other people to get in his way. For those who didn’t know him, they would’ve considered his remark arrogant. To the contrary, he didn’t want to chance losing a close friend or family member.
	Million dollar deals that involved the exchange of numerous vices, the worst being narcotics, took place all over the city each month. The Nokovic family had countless associates, informants, and street connections. They also had a pipe line to a few people in high places in the federal government. Xavier often disrupted those corrupt deals between the underworld factions. Each time he shattered their transactions; he executed the men and destroyed their cash and their narcotics. Dwayne had no idea who was cutting into his illegal operations. None of his men ever lived to give anyone else a description of their attacker. He was frustrated. For over a half a year, Xavier was single-handedly responsible for billions of lost revenue generated by Dwayne’s family. 
Xavier belonged to a squad of executioners known as the Skeletons. He was the leader and under him, they became the largest and deadliest squad in the Nokovic Empire. Second in Command was his best friend Cullen Sanborn, also a member of the Royal Council. However, no one ever called him by his given name. Instead, friends and family called him Colt, because ever since childhood, he could run very fast. His mother use to boast about the time he outran a horse as a young kid. She teased him by saying that maybe he was half boy and half horse. As a result, everyone started calling him, “The Colt.” Although the remark always made him laugh, his new nick name stuck. He liked the comparison so he actually added the moniker as his legal middle name.  Unlike many others, his generation never tasted death in order to discover their immortality. Alexis attempted to keep a tight rein on Xavier because he was her only son and the prince of his people, although he was never comfortable with such a title. As the heir to her throne, his power was second only to hers, which was absolute. 
She governed her people with the help of her sisters, Jacqueline and Lazette, and her niece, Darcia, who was Lazette’s only child. They, along with Kerri, Xavier and Colt, made up the seven seats of the Royal Council. She married once, but lost her husband in a war against the Salian Franks in the 5th Century. She was very over protective about her children. Kerri was easy, but Xavier was a bit harder to contain. No one knows how or why, but he grew up and became physically, the most powerful immortal on earth. His strength rivaled mechanized engines. This gave him a feeling of invincibility, which she felt would someday get him killed. 
	After resting, he later rose that afternoon and prepared to act on a tip he received from a street informant. His evening was about to take a turn in an unexpected direction. The events of that September night altered his life forever. 
New Holland was the second largest city in Europe and the world. The huge metropolis was home to over twenty-five million residents. Only St. Viktersburg, located just hours away to the north, was larger. Xavier headed to a location downtown where the Valdis family and some of their associates were scheduled to have a sit down and decide what to do about their business problems. Dwayne believed that law enforcement was behind his troubles. He made powerful enemies within the city’s police force to warrant their aggression and crack down on his activity. Xavier stood atop a three story building across the street from St. George hospital, one of the largest in the city. He waited to see who entered the Tiger’s Claw, a secretive lodge. The ‘Claw Fraternity’, as it was commonly referred to, was supposed to be an organization similar to the Free Masons. But unlike the Masons, the Tiger’s Claw was more of a haven for criminals who met to form ways to launder their cash rather than perform civic duties. The lodge gave crime bosses the look of respectability. In truth, most people had few illusions about what and who they were. Xavier went downstairs and decided to get a closer view. He watched for members of the Valdis family but saw none. He was already set to enter the lodge and execute anyone related to their activities.  After an hour passed with no sign of any major crime figures, he realized he was waiting for a confrontation that would never come. He contacted his informant and was given bad news. The meeting that was scheduled to take place at the Lodge was a decoy. The real gathering was held somewhere else and no one knew where.
	St. George hospital was located one block down the street from his location. Xavier slowly strolled toward the front doors of the fraternity but remained on the opposite side of the street. Members entered and exited constantly. He looked for the faces of any recognizable gangsters, but didn’t see anyone that gave him reason to take action. All of a sudden, he felt that old familiar sensation that penetrated his body each time an immortal was nearby. His ears tingled and his other senses were heightened. He wasn’t sure who or how many there were but he’d soon find out. His senses drew him to other immortals like a magnet. Unfortunately for his rivals, they had no such warning to rely on. He looked to his left and zeroed in on two men across the street approaching in his direction. They both hurried to catch up to a young blonde who had her headphones on listening to music.  
The men didn’t noticed Xavier anymore than they noticed anyone else on the busy street. What drew his attention was when one of the men reached into his coat pocket and slowly pulled out a large, serrated blade as they gradually approached the unsuspecting female from behind. Xavier realized she was about to get stabbed. The man drew back his arm and thrust the knife forward to sever her spinal cord when he got within striking distance. A split second before the blade penetrated, a strong hand out of nowhere slid between the point and the young woman. The tip broke from the force of hitting Xavier’s palm. She was knocked forward and stumbled to the ground. She turned around to see who pushed her. Before the assailant realized what was happening, Xavier quickly grabbed and crushed his wrist with one hand and snapped the blade in half with the other using his fingers. He then struck him in the chest with the force of a pile driver. His organs and bones were obliterated. He landed on his back with a loud thud and flat lined instantly. A few people stopped and looked on in fear. They didn’t know that Xavier was the good guy.
 “Run!” Xavier ordered. 
She picked herself up and scampered away-dropping her ID badge in the process. 
The second assailant knew he was out matched and ran off. Xavier chased him into a nearby subway tunnel, where he eventually cornered him in a stairwell. He tried to put up a valiant fight but the brief confrontation between the two wasn’t even a contest. After batting him around like a ball for a few moments, Xavier picked him up by the throat with one hand and slammed him against the wall. His feet dangled helplessly above the ground. He calmly asked why they were after the woman whose life he had just saved. The man was defiant and refused to answer. In response, Xavier flung him across the tunnel and through the wall-splattering him in the process.  He adjusted his gloves and then walked away. He felt one less immortal was well worth the night out. 
The Valdis family didn’t always need a reason to kill. They were barbarians who were obsessively in love with killing just for the sake of it. They were uncivilized animals who lived in a civilized society by necessity in order to do business and prosper. Xavier knew that the only way to strike fear into people like them was to match their homicidal nature with unmerciful destruction of his own-and he did. He didn’t discriminate. He executed maniacal immortals and ordinary humans alike. The crime epidemic was out of control in New Holland. The violent street battles initiated by his counter parts and their human associates cost the lives of not only immortals, but many innocent men, women and children. Without his family’s knowledge, Xavier made sure every person responsible for each of their deaths was destroyed. For him, there was no forgiveness for anyone who caused the willful death of an innocent life. 
He walked back to where the attempted murder began. A small crowd was gathered around the dead assailant. The police had yet to arrive. Xavier moved around the scene unnoticed as he searched for any signs of the young female. Not far from the spot of the commotion, he noticed an item on the ground. Even from a distance too far for ordinary eyes to see, he saw that she had dropped her identification badge at the edge of the curb, which he retrieved. Right away, he noticed her unique image. People often look great in person, but the camera doesn’t always flatter them in pictures. Hers was magnificent. Her name was Victoria Brawlazinski. Now, he knew her name but needed to locate her. He couldn’t understand why someone would want to harm her. She looked like an angel.

CHAPTER THREE
	 The secret conference was attended by all the major crime organizations. The Valdis family operated independently and was told in strong terms that attending would be in their best interest. If they didn’t know what was happening they would be at a disadvantage. Being left out of the loop was bad for business. The crime Lords discussed what could be done about stopping the person or persons responsible for the billions of dollars they had lost and continued to lose. They also comprised a list of grievances against Dwayne for the way he conducted business. His family was too loud and boisterous as well as unnecessarily cruel. The Executive Board kept a low profile and the attention off of organized crime as much as possible. The conference was vital and the first one Dwayne ever attended. Al Scarpelli, Joseph Zukoff, Danny Weiss, Nate McKinney, Gerald Versailles, John Lorenz and Paul Saldano represented the seven top crime organizations in the world. Dwayne hated to sit down with them and discuss his affairs out in the open. He felt they were all beneath him. After all, he was an immortal and they were just ordinary crime hoods as far as he was concerned.  
	The meeting between Dwayne and the others didn’t go well. They resented his disregard for their system of business. Dwayne suspected they had an ulterior motive for meeting with him. His suspicions were correct. They wanted a piece of his operations. All seven families shared in the profits equally. Dwayne didn’t share anything with anyone and he made that point clear to them once and for all. He told them that the only reason he showed up was because he had a mutual respect for crime. And he did so as a favor to Boss Al Scarpelli, who was his closest business associate. However, even Al grew weary of Dwayne’s refusal to bend to the rules of the Board and sided with his fellow mobsters in their assessment. 
John Lorenz, head of the Latin Mob, strongly prodded Dwayne to join their organization. With a family as large and rich as his, they assured him a permanent seat at their table. He rejected their offer. Lorenz was highly insulted. In response, he slowly stood up from his chair, pointed at Dwayne across the table with his cigar and made him an offer he couldn’t refuse, first in Spanish then in English for the edification of the other bosses. He gave Dwayne a choice; either join or face serious consequences from all seven families. Although the other Board members didn’t understand what Lorenz said in Spanish to Dwayne the first time, they recognized the threatening tone in which he spoke. And when John Lorenz made a threat people usually ended up weighed down by iron plates under water by the Vandals Bay Bridge. Dwayne fearlessly stood his ground. He boldly warned them that if anyone came near his organization, they would face some consequences of their own. He and his son, Marc, stood up, bid them a good day and confidently walked out. They were the only ones at the meeting who came unescorted by armed men. This alone impressed, but also confused the Board. No crime Boss attended meetings without their security. 
Dwayne won the battle for the time being but also knew he couldn’t afford go to war needlessly. Business was suffering badly enough. Still, he was correct in his assessment of the Executive Board. They wanted him to join them so they could weaken his operations and his power and eventually take over his family. This matter had to be settled one way or another because he improperly operated in many of their territories unsanctioned. All they cared about was making money. He was cutting into their profits and they found that to be utterly disrespectful as well as intolerable. 
 There was a more sinister reason why Dwayne’s family remained independent. The modern era had forced the Visigothic Empire to crumble and dissolve under his leadership. He helped the Romans defeat the mighty Ostrogoths during the 3rd Century. Afterward, he crowned himself king and formed his own dynasty. He wanted that same type of power and dominance in 2000. 
He was methodically reconstructing his Imperial status, only this time, his plans didn’t include the Italians. First, he needed to achieve overwhelming financial power. Once that was secured, he needed judicial and political power through bribery and other forms of corruption. This also included placing his people and supporters in top offices, such as, judges, district attorneys, mayors and governors. Using this strategy, he would practically be immune from the law. These three phases were the most important of all. There could be no revival of his kingdom if their cash flow was interfered by the city’s tough police force. Afterward, he could eliminate all those who opposed him. That included the entire Executive Board, their families and all their associates. He wanted to transform New Holland from a place where his people were not just a part of society, but ruled society in totality. He believed by being immortal they would eventually realize their dream, which was to have global Gothic domination-a position he believed was owed to the Visigoths.  
	The following evening, Xavier visited the hospital in search of Victoria. He had no idea what area she worked in. He wondered if she would even return to work knowing that someone tried to harm her. He approached the reception desk and asked for her by name. A few minutes later, she came down on the elevator. She had on her green hospital uniform and a white sweater that matched her white soft shoes. A large man accompanied her. Xavier’s curiosity started to rise. He wondered why she needed a body guard and who provided him. Maybe she was rich like he and his family were. Victoria worked in a hospital and was training to become a doctor. But what wealthy female in New Holland spent time studying to be a doctor? Nearly all the rich girls in the city were a bunch of drunken airheads who just partied from sun up to sun down. 
Victoria approached him with a look of surprise. Not just because he was kind enough to return her badge, but because she got a good look at the man who saved her life. And to her, he was gorgeous. His dark, caramel-colored skin was flawless and his high cheekbones gave his face character and toughness. His lips were beautifully shaped and his voice was unforgettable when he spoke. He was a real man and not just in terms of physical strength.  She introduced herself and thanked him for his gallantry. She professed that she owed him her life. In response, he insisted there was no such thing. He explained that no one should ever be owed by another person just because they did what was necessary for that individual.  He floored her with his humility. After she unsuccessfully attempted to fight off blushing, she introduced the man who was with her. She assured Xavier that he was not her relative and certainly not her boyfriend or husband. He was just looking out for her for the day as a favor to her mother.
She hated being crowded in certain ways because she was a very private person. If she had been a celebrity, she couldn’t have tolerated body guards of any kind. She was too free spirited to have someone that wasn’t her husband around her all the time. Xavier ignored him regardless of how tough he tried to look. He asked her about the two assailants. She declared she didn’t know anymore about them than he did. She just attributed her attack to an attempted mugging. 
Xavier didn’t press the issue, although he believed down in his bones that her attack was about more than a simple mugging. In any event, her problem wasn’t his. He told her to take care of herself. She wanted him to stay. She thanked him one last time and then he turned to leave. She watched him walk away. Suddenly, she snapped her fingers in disgust. She was so taken with his looks and personality that she failed to make one simple gesture. She forgot to ask her hero his name. She fought the urge to frantically run and catch him before he disappeared into the evening night. By the time she did, it she was too late. He vanished. For some reason she had the awful feeling that a great guy had gotten away and she was never going to see him again. This gnawed at her all during her shift. Sometimes, there is just a link between two people the very first time they meet-they have that connection. Xavier knew that rival immortals, though homicidal maniacs they were, didn’t usually waste time tracking and killing young beautiful blondes. They saved most of their unspeakable crimes for those who shared their criminal makeup. This was a mystery to him. And for Victoria, he was a mystery to her. 

CHAPTER FOUR
	Martinique Brawlazinski was a simple woman with a sophisticated job. She was head of the Federal Law Enforcement Department, commonly referred to as the FLED. New Holland was after all, the capital of England. Most of the nation’s federal regulatory agencies were located there. Despite her success as a fearless fighter of crime, she faced numerous foes equally in local, state and federal agencies that were on Dwayne’s payroll. She often butted heads with the Justice Department and Armed Forces. The syndicate had their own handpicked officials in the judiciary field. However, only Dwayne had enough clout to arrange for the nation’s military heads to be bought and paid for. This placed him one step above his fellow criminals for one very important reason. 
Martinique wanted the military to step in and help rid the city of all the Visigothic immortals who resided in the city unbeknownst to the public. She believed them to be an abomination to mankind. In her eyes, they were the condemned angels of Satan who were now a plague on earth. She wanted to eliminate that plague. The immortals she knew of were evil, but were not specifically sent by him. They had been in existence for centuries and didn’t start out the way they had ended up in the present day. 
The ability to live forever was a gift. However, immortals were just as human as any other person and chose to be what they became-whether good or bad. Unfortunately, Martinique was right when she claimed immortals were like a disease. Those who squandered and traded their gift for a life of depravity were totally out of control and needed to be stopped. Locking them up, pleading with them, appeasing and threatening was useless. The only way they and their associates were ever going to be controlled was by destroying them. The other federal agencies, including the military, convinced the nation’s Prime Minister, Brent Olenhoff that the police alone could and would get a handle on organized crime in their nation’s capitol. It was unclear whether he was in on the wholesale bribery that covered the political landscape. Regardless, this forced her to secretly form a team to combat the Valdis family. 
	She wheeled a lot of power. Although she was up against the brick wall of corruption, she persecuted her targets non-stop. The boiling point between her and the Valdis family came when she obtained an arrest warrant for Jeremy Valdis. 
He was responsible for ordering the death of a rival Goth from the south end of town, known as Piranha. He was a drug abusing, heavy metal type who surrounded himself with muscle-bound men who preyed on young, unassuming female teens. They were usually runaways, but sometimes they were just girls out clubbing in the wrong neighborhoods. Piranha kidnapped countless victims who went missing for years; many he forced into prostitution. He had no mercy or conscience about hurting them in any way, shape, or form. He was a disgusting, perverted, and maniacal piece of garbage. Many who fought back and attempted to escape were killed or never seen again. Girls who remained only did so because they understood that leaving also meant the death of their families. He massacred numerous relatives of the girls in order to keep them in line. 
Unfortunately, his prostitution, loan sharking and narcotic businesses became a thorn in the side of the Valdis family when he crossed over into their territory without permission. This brought the police to the front door of Dwayne about the missing girls. Thanks to the FLED, many of the girls were found and returned to their families. Prostitution was not only a local crime, but a federal crime as well, which fell under Martinique’s jurisdiction. When minors were physically or sexually exploited, the crimes usually carried a death sentence. Piranha was a prime candidate. In the United Kingdom, parole for violent felons did not exist. 
His fate was sealed when he falsely bragged to other mob crews and his victims that he was a member of the Valdis family, which gained him more respect and fear-at first. Kidnapping was bad enough. Passing himself off as a member of Dwayne’s family was suicide. No one dared to use or take his family name unless they were an actual member. One evening, Piranha and three of his men hopped into an SUV to cruise the streets to see how his new girls were doing with their customers. They were stopped at a red light when a bomb went off from under their vehicle, blowing them to pieces. To make matters worse, the explosion was so powerful that three innocent people were killed nearby, one of which was a two year old toddler. The public’s anger was loud and harsh. Martinique didn’t care about the Piranha, she wanted him dead anyway. But the bystanders were in the wrong place at the wrong time. She made their deaths her top priority in order to make a case for Jeremy’s arrest since she knew all the details of not just one, but many, of his orchestrated murders. She also had the hit man who planted the bomb in custody. The thought of prison horrified him so he talked and implicated Jeremy.
Federal agents went after him. Surprisingly, he panicked at the thought of being behind bars for the rest of his life, which would be forever. To him, that was worse than death. The Valdis family often gunned out their disagreements on the streets, most often with the Saldano family. The police were a different story. They tried to avoid any actions that gave the federal government a reason to interfere in their business. Jeremy refused to be taken alive and was shot and killed by the FLED agents. Because he was an immortal, the arsenal they used on him was enough to kill twenty people. As cool headed as Dwayne was, the fact that a regular human like Martinique was responsible for his son’s death was unforgivable. This made him more dangerous than ever. His grief was real, but private. Jeremy and his twin brother, Marc, were the heart of his family. His wife died centuries before but he never remarried. Just the same, he still had plenty of women in his life to choose from. 
Dwayne became obsessed with the destruction of Martinique and everyone dear to her. He decided to take someone away from her so she’d know the pain of his loss. Once he discovered she had a daughter he conspired to have her kidnapped and murdered on camera. He would then send the tape to Martinique. Marc gladly took over this task for his father. But as they learned on their first attempt, sometimes, people like Victoria tend to have nine lives. 

CHAPTER FIVE
	The bitter rivalry that existed between the Goths was long-standing. To know the history of their glory days and their eventual downfall is to know and understand why their war began. 
Alexis Nokovic, who was now Queen of the Ostrogoths in the modern era, was born 350 A.D. in Sweden-the birth place of all Teutonic people, commonly known as the Goths. She was the very first immortal to walk the earth. At the time of her birth, all Goths were united under the single rule of her Uncle and King, Justinian Nokovic.  He and a number of the Nokovics became immortals years after her immortality was established. After crushing a Viking revolt that threatened his young Kingdom, he decided to expand his Empire across the Baltic Sea as a precaution. This assured his people that they would have a rebuilding foundation if they lost their power base in Scandinavia. His decision proved to be wise and prophetic. 
Years later, uprisings from new Viking and Danish Kingdoms forced Justinian and most of his people to leave and settle in East Germany. There, he began to reform the Nokovic Dynasty. To Alexis’ dismay, her loyalty and royal blood came between her and her friends who were dissatisfied with her Justinian’s Kingship. During that period, there were two major factions, the Ostrogoths and the Visigoths. However, the ruling power in all matters was purely Ostrogothic. During their glorious war years the Goths were unstoppable. They conquered the Romans, the Vandals, the Franks, and other neighboring people in Europe and Asia.
	In one form or another, discord seeped into the Gothic Empire. Unhappy with Justinian’s leadership, the Visigoths, led by none other than the rebellious Dwayne Valdis, convinced his people to separate.  But first, they had to obtain support from the subservient Romans. Had his secret plans for succession been uncovered, he and all those involved would have been tried and executed for treason by Justinian. During their occupation of Italy, Justinian was betrayed by the Visigoths who sided with the Romans in a full scale war during a brutal winter season. The loss of that war against the Romans and their new enemies and traitors, slowly brought about an end to Justinian’s Empire as the top ancient Super Power that once ruled two-thirds of Europe and parts of Asia. 
Content with their succession, Dwayne’s sect took the spoils of war and fled to West Germany. He was hailed as a hero and became the first King of the Visigoths. Although Justinian retained a strong measure of power, his influence was never again as dominant as before his defeat. Dwayne’s new Empire suffered from a lack of clout, a luxury he enjoyed under Justinian. Regardless, he retained Italy as a distant ally, a move Justinian would have never made. Doing this assured Dwayne of some protection against the vengeful wrath of the pursuing mighty Ostrogoths.
	Over the years, both Empires clashed in numerous, bloody battles that took countless lives on both sides. During one pre-emptive strike by the Dwayne, Alexis was killed. After she was pronounced dead Justinian was inconsolable. She was his favorite and most beloved niece. Three hours after her death, Justinian’s staff approached him in a panic and informed him that her fatal wounds were healed and that she was alive. Their claims shocked him and horrified all those who witnessed her resurrection. Alexis could only recall her time in death as a state of deep physical unconsciousness, but full spiritual awareness. She refused to reveal the many other mystical details of her life, death and resurrection to anyone. Enigmatically, her new life came with the knowledge and understanding of what she was. Her mind was elevated to a higher plane. She was like a newborn all over again as she discovered her unbelievable, yet, remarkable powers. Many of her people attributed her immortality to witchcraft, which was totally false. 
Decades later Justinian, her beloved and favorite uncle was killed during a summer battle with both the Visigoth and Roman Armies. But his death was not in vain. Under the brilliant direction of his brother and Commander Theodoric, his Armies repelled their two pronged attacks. They successfully drove Dwayne’s Army back to Midwest Germany and the Romans as far south as the edge of Burgundy, an area which later became Austria. In addition, the loss of key battles caused Dwayne to lose his authority and eventually, his seat as King. He was ousted by an unexpected coup. Two centuries passed before he regained his position.
	Alexis’ father, Theodoric Nokovic, was Supreme Commander of the Ostrogothic Armed Forces. In addition, he was a famous warrior, and a feared killer of Italy’s greatest Armies and high-profiled leaders. No one was more qualified to rule; therefore, he was elected as the new King.  During his reign Theodoric survived an assignation plot hatched by Dwayne. Unfortunately, an innocent young woman named Nadia, also born in 350 A.D. and Alexis’ closest friend was unintentionally murdered during the attempt on his life. To the surprise of everyone, she encountered the same experience as Alexis.  Although they differed in appearance, their immortality bonded them together like twins. As for Theodoric, he became the greatest king and figure in the history of not only the Ostrogoths, but the entire gothic race. No king has ever been more feared, admired and respected before or since. Although he lead them back from the brink of total economic, military and social destruction, the Ostrogoths never regained their status as the number one Super Power in Europe and the world. 
	Like the Visigoths, over time the Vandals and Franks broke away from Ostrogothic rule and formed their own Empires. The loss of these two major subservient groups weakened Theodoric’s Kingdom. The Vandals, a member of the Germanic people, also sacked the Roman Empire in 455 A.D. much to the delight of their former leader Theodoric. The Franks, also a large sect of Germans, later went on to build their Empire-one so vast that by the 9th Century it extended over France, Germany and Italy. The Ostrogoths maintained a fearsome stronghold from the Midwest of Germany to East Poland. Their influence was felt in one form or another from the Baltic to the Black Seas. 
	Alexis enjoyed her immortality as did Nadia. Both grew older, but never aged. They still retained the look of youthful sixteen to twenty-five year olds even though they were much, much older. Their physical form didn’t deteriorate, inside or out. Not only that, they never became ill no matter what plagues or diseases ripped through their land, including the Black Death, which ravaged Europe during the medieval period.  Alexis enjoyed a happy love affair and marriage to a high ranking soldier in the military. She gave birth to her daughter Kerri, who was named by her father. Several years later, he was killed in a battle against Salian Franks from the north of Germany over land disputes. 
The Ostrogothic forces easily laid waste to the foolish Frank Army in a matter of hours. Nevertheless, the victory came as no consolation prize to Alexis. Unlike herself, her husband, although a full blooded Goth, was not immortal. She went on to have many relationships, but never remarried. In 526, her father Theodoric died. Of all their rulers, he was the greatest; and yet, he himself was not an immortal. With no more men left from the Nokovic blood line to rule, she ascended to the throne and became the first Queen of the Ostrogoths. With help from her best friend Nadia, Jacqueline, Lazette, her fiery and formidable niece Darcia, who were all immortals, she reigned prominently for over eleven centuries-longer than any leader in gothic history.
	Despite her best efforts, for reasons beyond her control, her Empire faltered and slowly died. Without the necessary resources, her people were powerless to effectively battle a region that was waging war in sync to exterminate them. With her gothic rivals from West Germany, the Italians from the south, the Franks from North Germany, coupled with the rising threat of Napoleon’s French Armies vying for European domination, Alexis decided not to waste the lives of her soldiers. Instead, she and her people mysteriously faded away into the back drop of northeastern Europe in the late 17th Century.  
Contrary to popular belief the Goths did not remain a single race during their ancient years of prominence, but rather consisted of a combination of five major groups-Scandinavians, the Spanish, Germans, Asians and Italians. Scandinavians were the first and original of the Teutonic people. Once they moved across the Baltic Sea the Germans later became the largest group and were actually the first sect to become Christians. They were primarily responsible for advancing the new image of the gothic culture. The Spanish were incorporated into gothic history when Spain was conquered by them in the 4th Century. Kings of gothic descent also ruled Spain, most notably King Uric, who ruled from 420 to 484.  
King Theodoric once used Ravenna as his headquarters. This accounted for the various colors of people that were added to his society before they separated. The Asian influence was inserted when the Hun Dynasty overran them in 370 under the leadership of their famous warrior Attila. The Italians were absorbed into gothic culture while under their rule between the 3rd and 6th centuries. 
	During the early 1800’s Nadia fell in love with an ousted Spanish prince named Manuel Deville. She discovered that his government was overthrown by Dwayne’s military. He was sold into slavery as a sign of humiliation but managed to escape. He changed his name to Andrew once he reached Amsterdam and moved around from place to place to avoid re-capture. He and Nadia later married and had one child, whom she named Xavier. Alexis immediately became his legal godmother. At Nadia’s request, she swore to take him as her own son if any tragedy fell upon her. Dwayne ordered his henchmen to track Andrew down. A resourceful man such as he was a threat to his progress. He was afraid that allowing Andrew to remain alive could come back to haunt him. Men like him could form a rival government even while exiled. This fact frantically rolled around in Dwayne’s head along with his paranoia, which was a result of the loss of his power once before. He was not about to take any chances and allow another rival to sneak up on him again. 
One day, three men finally showed up at Andrew’s home. He didn’t go quietly and put up a fight. Nadia was also present and came to his defense. She killed two of the three men, but she and Andrew were eventually gunned down. Immortals can withstand physical trauma such as gunshots many times more, than that of an ordinary human. Their immortality is not only mystical, but biologically based. Their cells regenerate at an incredible rate depending on the severity of their injuries. However, if they sustained severe, rapid and repeated punishment all at once without allowing their cells to recuperate, they were libel to suffer a permanent death. Nadia’s repeated injuries were simply too much for her body to take all at once. No one knows why some immortals suffer this while some regenerate faster, which allows them to resurrect multiple times.
Xavier was an infant at the time of his mother’s death and was spared only because Alexis took him out for a walk to give Nadia a rest. When she returned and saw the commotion in front of their home, she discovered that her best friend, her sister in life and fellow immortal, was dead. As a result, she fulfilled her promise and raised Xavier as her own. Nadia’s death pricked the very soul of Alexis. This gave her a very over protective complex where Xavier was concerned, which was understandable. He was the only part of her best friend that was left in the world and that made him precious to her.
	Born in 1810, Xavier was an immortal from birth. He was taken away to Scandinavia where the Nokovics lived wealthy yet, quietly and unassuming as gothic royalty. Kerri loved him instantly as her new baby brother. He became very close to his Aunts, Lazette and Jacqueline. Jacqueline was his favorite and she rarely had the strength to refuse him at anytime. He got his toughness and fighting skills from Darcia, his cousin. She was an extremely beautiful, yet, aggressive female by nature. Despite her tough exterior towards Xavier as a little boy, even in public at times, she secretly spoiled him to the core due to the undying love she developed for him the first day Alexis brought him into their family. He basically grew up under the guidance of females. 
No one knows how or why, but everyone noticed his extraordinary abilities. His power was matched only by Alexis. Because of his intelligence and strength, she appointed him as her successor should her life come to an end. Her decision automatically meant he was the prince, which angered some in their community, including one inside his own family. To keep a wedge from being driven between him and Kerri, Alexis first consulted her before making the decision. Kerri was the oldest and next in line to rule. To Alexis’ amazement, Kerri insisted that Xavier be appointed ahead of her. She had seen what her mother endured as a leader and she wanted no part of that. She liked her power and present position on the Royal Council but she also liked her freedom. 
Among those who felt slighted by the decision was Alexis’ nephew Anthony, the son of Jacqueline. He was older than Xavier and felt he was better suited for the throne.  As children, he and Xavier were close, but their personality differences caused them to grow apart. Anthony grew up to be self-centered. Xavier grew up to be the complete opposite. Both were members of the Royal Assembly. But being the Prince automatically earned Xavier a seat on the Royal Council-a privilege Anthony didn’t have. This caused many clashes to occur during conferences that usually resulted in Xavier’s point of view prevailing.  
	By the 20th Century, most of the old ways were stripped away from all the gothic divisions for the sake of their survival in a new and ever-changing world. Swords, arrows, hatchets, spears, hammers and battering rams gave way to the more modern ways of death. World Wars One and Two ushered in new empires that possessed weapons of mass destruction. Goths were reduced to nothing more than a sub culture as a people. To redefine themselves, they left behind their ancient ways of dressing. They submerged themselves into new society and resurfaced with a bold, new look. The color black and their famous architecture consisting of steep roofs and sharp pointed arches continued to be their trademark. When the 21st Century arrived, they arrived with it. 
Alexis, who swore to destroy every single Visigoth for the murder of Nadia and their betrayal, allowed her people to grow secretly into a large number of soldiers right under the nose of Dwayne. She waited patiently for years as her population of immortals grew. He was so busy plotting the return of his all powerful Empire that he didn’t become aware of her resurgence. Her people silently moved into New Holland without any detection whatsoever. After all, Ostrogoths could detect Visigoths but not the other way around. Both factions had great abilities but those abilities are what set them apart.
 
CHAPTER SIX
	Dwayne’s people outnumbered Alexis’ by only by a few thousand. The path they chose was as different as the powers each group possessed. On average, Dwayne and his subjects were seven times stronger than the average man. The eldest among them had psionic powers. This consisted of telepathy and most notably; telekinesis, which enabled them to hurl knives and other objects, in addition to unlocking doors by simply using their mind. Their greatest gift was the ability to produce illusion replicas of them. This was extremely dangerous to their enemies. Interestingly enough, this ability was found overwhelmingly more in females. They also had a mysterious rule over certain animals and reptiles such as, dragons and alligators. The supernatural abilities of those represented by the Nokovic Dynasty were just as, or more powerful in many cases. They were fifteen times stronger than the average man. They could see in the dark more effective than any cat. Their hearing was six times greater than the average person. They were also gifted with multiple assets in the area of pisonic powers. However, only the females possessed a sensual, alluring attraction that stopped men in their tracks. With this mental control they easily projected false images into the minds of others who mistakenly thought what they saw and felt were produced by their own brain. This type of mind play brought men and women to a state of being mesmerized and was usually unbreakable. Also, this spell had no hold over the male immortals of the Nokovic Empire. When this irresistible gift was being passed out, women of the Visigothic origin were left out. Ostrogoths also owned majestic pets such as tigers, panthers and leopards. They ruled them as easily as humans ruled cats and dogs. The most coveted and envied gift of all was shape shifting. Only they were born with this ability although few in number. They were able to reconfigure their biological structure and become a part of foreign matter such as, stone and metals and even pass through them. The down side was that this breath taking transformation physically and mentally drained their strength. This was an advantage that was cautioned to be used only when absolutely necessary because weakness set in so sudden they could pass out without warning. The mastery of this ability came with age. Alexis reigned supreme in this category. She performed the transformation without negatively being affected. Xavier was born a freak of immortality. No one knew the true measure or limits of his strength because he always kept them a secret-much like Samson did in the Bible.  Based on his demonstrations, people could only determine that he was easily over two hundred times stronger than the average human.   Except, his shape shifting capability was not on the same level as Alexis.
	The Nokovic sect, although nowhere near perfect, were by far, the good between the two groups. They didn’t want to take over and dominate the planet. Alexis theorized that every empire that rose was subject to fall. For her, that was just the way the world worked. She accepted that. She was not about to try to rebuild an Army to take over the world. She witnessed the down fall of men like Napoleon and Adolf Hitler who attempted to conquer the globe. They and others like them failed-and always will. She understood through their belief that the world was made by God and therefore, was never meant to be ruled by men who wanted to play God. This was the 21st century. Taking over the world was a lot more difficult than it was in the past. Besides, she was somewhat tired. She’d been Queen for over eleven centuries. She witnessed many historical events and suffered a ton of experiences in her long life. While honorable, the position she held was not always fun. She once told Jacqueline that being Queen for so long was like having six hundred thousand kids that never left home. All she wanted to do was break the back of her enemies and rest. Only then would she able extinguish the fire of hate and revenge that raged inside the pit of her stomach. For the time being, she allowed Xavier to interrupt Dwayne’s cash flow-nothing more. She was going to sneak up on him step by step. But when Xavier was involved her orders sometimes took on a life of their own. 
	Dwayne and his son, Marc stopped at a high class restaurant to have dinner. They discussed the family business while they waited to be served. The most important topic at the table was the meeting they had with the other crime bosses, which was a disaster. With over six hundred and five thousand people under his rule, in addition to thousands of associates, Dwayne was ready for any confrontation. Just the same, the last problem he wanted or needed was a war with the Mob. A war would detract from what he was trying to accomplish. To fight seven families who had soldiers that may or may not have outnumbered him would have been disastrous. He explained to Marc that he needed time to insert more of his people in key positions in the education and financial sectors. Once he obtained a firm hand in manipulating the judicial system, he and his people would be almost untouchable. First, he still had a serious problem with an unknown adversary to deal with. For all he knew, the other bosses and the cops were working together because he swooped in and opened businesses without their approval. Since he didn’t have any proof of this, there was no way he could accuse anyone at the meeting. Regardless, he was a stubborn man and insisted that he was going to restore his people’s place as the world’s greatest power. The biggest problem with Dwayne’s dream was that unlike Alexis, who was a realist, he was not. He wouldn’t believe or accept that their time had come and gone. No matter how many immortals he ruled over, he couldn’t bring back the past. His attempt to resurrect and establish his ancient empire in the 21st century was like raising the Titanic and restoring the vessel like new for a another voyage. The Goths were a sub-culture that lived parallel to main stream society. The one aspect the two had in common was their obsession for revenge. His obsession with revenge over his son’s death was just as strong as Alexis’ toward him for Nadia’s murder. 
	On weekends, Xavier loved venturing out into the city alone. As royalty, he was always swamped and entitled to as many security people as he needed. But he thought the whole idea was silly. He felt he needed no one for protection. Besides that, he was extremely private. He didn’t like other people, especially security, to see what he did in his life on his own time. He didn’t allow them to know where he went, what he did or who he saw. He didn’t trust a few of them, mainly because a number of them were supporters or friends of Anthony. Therefore, he took steps to make sure they never had any negative information to take back to him, who in turn would relay to his mother. He truly found being surrounded by security a cramp in his life style. One Saturday afternoon, he went out to site see. The city was a bustling place and had a gritty side that appealed to him. People who lived there were tough, hard working and positive. They were like Xavier and he loved the people he shared the city with whether they were immortal or not. He walked along Slazenger Boulevard. This was a famous street located downtown in Willsboro Square, the equivalent to New York City’s Times Square or London’s Piccadilly Circle, only on a much larger scale. New Holland was also a very young city, perhaps the youngest in the world. Eighty five percent of the total population was twenty two years old or younger. The place had a non-stop buzz and vibe that was contagious. If people there lived to be three hundred years old they would never run out of new adventures to experience in a city that never slept. The streets downtown were lined with, restaurants, movie theaters, night clubs, dance clubs, huge department stores that stretched around all four corners of the block, and music shops just to name a few attractions. The day was cool but that was to be expected for the month of September. One relatively new music shop named “Rock 24,” caught his eye. The shop was open twenty-four hours a day. People in New Holland bought more music than any city in the country. They loved their lyrics with a passion second to none. He viewed the large posters of the artists’ displayed in the window. Afterward, he strolled inside. Xavier was no different than any other music lover. He always checked out the newest bands. He found his explorations relaxing. He was over two hundred years old and was new to the city in comparison to everyone else. 
	Music was very important and real for him. He used to dream constantly about being a music performer. There was one problem, Xavier couldn’t sing or hold a straight note to save his life. At best, he sounded respectable when he hummed along. Vocal experts say that the bathroom has the ability to make even bad singers sound good because of the acoustics. There was no bathroom on earth with enough acoustics to help Xavier-in or out of the shower. Realizing he wasn’t blessed with a voice to sing, he lived vicariously through the many people who made the music. When no one else was around to see, he would often close his eyes and softly sing along or out loud in his head and imagine himself up on stage in front of a packed stadium flailing away on a guitar. He loved music with a passion. He hungered for it daily. He lived to enjoy it. His music made being immortal fun and also bearable. The tunes weren’t just a beat for him to tap his feet or merely jump up and down to on some dance floor. Remember, being over two centuries old meant that he witnessed music evolve from the Victorian, Jazz and Big Band age to the Rock and New Metal age. Just when he thought singers had reached the limits of creativity, the 1980’s and 1990’s came along. He was awestruck by artists’ who ushered in the 21st century such as, U2, Linkin Park, Filter and others. He couldn’t realize his dream as a musician but the sounds he encountered touched his soul. They were able to take him to places he could go to only in his mind. This somehow balanced his world of beauty and peace against the daily violence of death and war, which he appalled. Although he was a Goth, he loved many types and styles of music regardless of whom or where they came from. The store was large and yet, very soothing with a cool and home like feel. There weren’t a large number of customers inside, which added to the comfort when customers wanted to sample music. After a half hour or so, he picked out the CD’s he preferred and brought them up to the register. He loved his usual groups such as A Perfect Circle, Fly Leaf, P.O.D., but Lacuna Coil and Amusement Parks on Fire were his new diehard favorites. The cashier began to scan them up one by one. As began to pull out his wallet, a hand reached around on his right and placed a CD on the counter in front of him followed by a soft voice. 
 “You might want to check these guys out too, their awesome.” 
He quickly turned to see who possessed such a pretty voice. To his surprise the owner was Victoria.
 “Hi, how are you doing?” He asked.
 “Just great,” she replied and then added, “you’ll love these guys, their new and from the states.”
 The CD was by a new band named, “Seattle Gothic.” The group originated from Seattle, Washington. The city had a romantic and serene type of Goth culture. They weren’t overly boisterous or pretentious. The group’s music reflected that. They both shared an instant chemistry that was very unusual. Xavier was not easy to get to know. He maintained a cynical side to him that was necessary for his survival due to a war he himself had launched against despicable people. They paid for their CD’s, exited and stood outside in front of the store. Her security agents stood by her car and kept an eye on them. She was a lot like him. She didn’t like strangers hovering around her. She only agreed to the idea so Martinique wouldn’t worry. She confessed that she still had no idea why anyone wanted to harm her. She noted that because her mother was in law enforcement, someone with a grudge could’ve been trying to get back her. Generally speaking, people didn’t usually go after someone in Martinique’s profession unless they were involved with the underworld. She was a clean cop but she definitely had enemies who had an ax to grind. Still, Victoria was a positive person and a bit naïve. She always tried to see the best in people but most often didn’t realize just how easy a ruthless world could crash into her life. What she shrugged off as a mugging at first, wiped away her illusions of what the attack meant.
	“Well, it was good seeing you again,” she said with a flirtatious tone. “If I could only get him to give me a great, big smile,” she thought to herself.
“It was great seeing you too. I’m glad you haven’t had any more problems,” he replied. 
“In any case, you did save me so I guess I do owe you my life,” she responded with a cute little laugh. 
“Hey, I told you before, you don’t owe me anything.” 
 They conversed for about ten minutes. For her, that wasn’t nearly enough time. She hated to say goodbye because she was attracted to him. There was something mysterious about him. Judging from the sharp way he dressed, she assumed he was from an upper class family. She automatically thought her family was worth more. Understandably so since her mother held a position that paid over half a million a year.  He didn’t talk much but said enough to keep a good conversation going. With a bubbly burst of nerve she blurted out,
 “Would you like to come to a birthday party a friend of mine is having tonight? Or go out to eat afterward?”
 He wanted to say yes but was forbidden to. Immortals couldn’t fraternize with ordinary people in that manner. However, an urge came over him and before he had time to think, the word “Yes” popped out of his mouth.  He explained that he couldn’t attend the party but would meet her after the event was over and have dinner with her. She wrote down the address and told him what time to meet her. He put the piece of paper in his pocket and promised to be on time. With her date secured, she said her goodbye, turned and walked away. Her security agent opened the back door her silver, Mercedes S 600 sedan. She sat down as he closed the door behind her. To the pedestrians walking past, she was someone very important. She played it cool but in her mind and soul she would have done cart wheels if she could. She was so excited. She had gone out with men before but no one who even came close to rattling her female senses like him. She felt like a fifteen year old back in high school with a crush on the class heart throb. And then there was Xavier. Over the course of two centuries, he saw and dealt with every type of woman there was. He didn’t chase them-they came to him or met him at least half way. He was secure in himself and knew what he was. He wasn’t arrogant, and he knew he wasn’t the hottest guy around-nor did he pretend to be. But he also knew he wasn’t the worse looking either. Even as a superhuman, he painfully learned early on that the women he was surrounded by in the new millennium were basically the same-mortals or otherwise. That alone left him guarded and distrustful. He dared not he put himself down for any reason or they would instinctively pile on and make him feel worse. Victoria seemed to be different. But a lot of people seem to be different-at first. Growing up, his royal status didn’t save him from anymore heartbreaks than the average man. One fact was certain; he was bored with the same old types of females-the immortal ones. He never dated or had any type of real romance with any female other than gothic women. This policy however, was his mother’s. The second he turned to walked away to continue his site seeing he wondered how he would live with himself after breaking one of her major rules, especially when he was charged with upholding them. Anthony wouldn’t hesitate to use his inappropriate affiliation with mortals as a means to come between him and his people. Somehow, Victoria’s personality got to him. Good looks didn’t turn his head after two hundred years. There was beauty and then there was beauty. She possessed both outside and inside attractiveness that struck men right in the heart. Her golden, blonde hair looked as though it was woven perfectly by an angel one strand at a time. Her lips smiled even when she didn’t because of their exquisite shape. Her eyes were a sparkling sea blue. The shape of her ears was so awesome that she looked gorgeous with her hair behind them. Her skin was naturally white and creamy without make up. She had the kind of beauty that always scared men. They grew clumsy and lost their cool when they were in her presence. She was beauty and brains and was genuinely a sweet, good hearted person, which hardly ever exists among beautiful females. She was impressed because he didn’t try to play being cool as an act, he was cool. 
	Later that evening, Victoria arrived at the birthday party. Her Body Guard and a few of her friends accompanied her. The event was located just a half hour away by car from Xavier’s home. He left the Royal Palace at 10:00pm-people noticed. He ordered all his security men to stay home. He couldn’t afford to have anyone discover his plans. He hurried to the underground parking garage directly beneath the palace and stepped into his black BMW sedan. His license plates were listed as skeletun143. He backed out and drove off. He figured by the time he arrived she would be done with her friend’s festivities. He arrived in front of 334 Coburn Street-a six story building in the historical and grainy part of town. He decided to park in the side ally because there was no room left on the street. 
	He stepped out, but was a little annoyed at the fact that he had to park so far down and then walk back to the front of the building. The alley was dark except for the specs of light from the apartment windows and the moonlight. He phoned Victoria to inform her that he was downstairs. From a distance, he saw her form.  Her Body Guard, two of her friends Joey and Lyle, from med school, were also walking to their cars. She waved at him just to acknowledge his presence. As he slowly approached them, he saw three men step out behind them. None of them noticed. They were laughing and telling jokes. Even in the dark he made out their faces with his phenomenal eyesight. All three men went for their guns. 
“Look out behind you!” Xavier yelled. 
He quickly pulled out two shiny automatic pistols. Their Body Guard mistook Xavier’s actions as an attack when he was actually drawing his weapons to protect all of them. The Body Guard fired repeatedly at Xavier. When the gun fire began they ducked and scattered for cover behind any object they could find.  Xavier moved to the side and fired at the three assassins. He struck and killed two of them instantly. The Body Guard was so fixated on Xavier that he never saw the third gunman behind him. The assassin fired twice, striking and killing him on impact. A second later, bullets from Xavier’s gun sawed holes in the third gunman’s head, finalizing his last night on earth. 
	Xavier felt the presence of three more gunmen behind him, a clear indication that they were immortals. He turned and opened fire. One ran and dove behind a full size trash container on the side of the alleyway. Xavier was struck once by a bullet in the front shoulder during the heated exchange. Victoria and her friends screamed out for each other to make sure they were still alive. After reloading, Xavier steadily moved toward the shooters with both guns blazing away. He struck one assailant between the eyes-shattering his skull. The last gunman returned fire and struck him in the lower right side. He didn’t flinch. He fired back as a screen of smoke filled the air. He approached the container to finish off his target. When he got close enough, the object was suddenly pushed into him by the unknown gunman, which pinned him against the building. But moving the container took every ounce of strength the immortal possessed. Victoria held her head up for a quick moment and witnessed this. She broke down. She put her hand over her mouth and silently became even more hysterical. She had just witnessed Xavier’s crushing death. No one could survive being pinned against the wall by a twenty-eight ton trash container. She was just as horrified at the fact she saw a human being move an object that required a truck  
The gunman, confident Xavier was dead, proceeded in his attempt to murder Victoria and her friends. They dared not call 911 for help, fearing the sound of their cell phones would give away their positions. She was crouched down behind trash cans and small commercial containers. He approached with his gun pointed at her. 
He cocked his pistol.
 “Let’s go or I kill you and your friend’s right here.”  
Without warning, a loud gun blast at close range blew his head apart. His lifeless body dropped to the ground. Victoria didn’t see who shot him. Whoever killed him walked around the container and saw her-terrified. She saw the gun barrel first. At that moment, she thought she was going to die. To her relief and astonishment, the man behind the gun was Xavier. He reached out his hand to her. 
“It’s ok,” he promised her. 
She was trembling with fear-confused and unable to process what she witnessed. She saw the container crush him; she was sure of that. Was she delusional in her state of panic? No, her eyes weren’t playing tricks on her. She had to know how he survived. The sixth and last gunman hid in the alley in the dark. He was too afraid to make a run for his car, which was parked around the corner. He thought if he could catch Xavier out in the open he could get off a deadly shot. One fact was certain; Xavier’s clip only had one bullet left. He heard a slight sound that gave away the location of the frightened hit man. He told Victoria to remain where she was. 
The assailant was cut off and unable to reach his car without being seen. Even worse, he was bleeding badly from multiple gunshots. Xavier listened and followed the sound of his breathing until he figured out where his target was. When he came too close, the injured man opened fire and struck Xavier twice more in the lower right side. He exhibited no reaction to pain whatsoever. He fired off his last round-missing. The gunman ran and dove and hid in an old walled off doorway. Xavier grabbed the corner of the same container he escaped and shoved it against the wall with one hand as easy as one swings a door. The cement on the ground was torn up due to the grinding friction from the container’s weight. The gunman was pinned against the wall. He waited to see which way Xavier would come from-his left or his right? Neither, Xavier attacked from the top. He hopped on top of the container’s edge. 
“This is the second time! Why are you after that girl?! What has she done?!” Xavier furiously demanded. 
The assailant was pinned between the container and the wall with no way to fire his gun.
“I couldn’t tell you if I wanted to,” he answered.
Xavier lost his patience. His facial expression was like an angry, android of some kind as he gritted his teeth. He leapt down from the container. He quickly threw his hands against the side and pushed. The gunman screamed at the top of his lungs. He was crushed like a piece of trash in a garbage truck. Every bone in his body was shattered. He hurried back to tell Victoria and her friends that the area was safe. He had on a black, full length coat and knee high boots, which sustained damage during the gun fight. His blood actually soaked his shirt and left a trail of blood with every step he took. Victoria noticed and became alarmed because he was losing so much blood. 
“Oh my God, You’re bleeding all over the place,” she said. 
Xavier didn’t break a sweat, but his injuries weakened him. 
“I’m fine,” he insisted. “Let’s get out of here before the police come and mix up this entire affair.” 
He turned to lead them out of the alley. He took two steps forward then suddenly stopped and fell backwards on the ground. He was out cold until his body cells and tissue regenerated enough in order for him to regain consciousness. He was struck by enough shells to kill a number of people. She couldn’t take him to a hospital nearby. She knew they would report his wounds to the police, especially after a shootout where seven men were killed. She also knew he needed immediate medical attention. 
She instinctively took off her sweater, folded the edges into a square and placed it over the most serious injury, which was his lower abdomen. Not knowing if there were more assassins on the way, she told Joey and Lyle they had to get him to her place. He saved her life again and theirs as well. Her Body Guard sure wasn’t up to the challenge. He couldn’t even save himself. She and Joey stayed with Xavier while Lyle brought her car around. All three managed to lay him on in the back seat. Joey hopped in the passenger side while Lyle drove. She sat in the back with Xavier as they headed straight for her place. From home, she could have her mother provide an escort to rush him to a hospital under protection and unwarranted suspicion. He was out cold. She sat with his head in her lap-her face was stained with his blood. Although shaken with fear and in shock from their near death ordeal, his head in her lap felt just right. She glared down at him and prayed he’d recover. She caressed his face. Once again, he was her hero, her knight in shining armor, her fearless protector who refused to let any harm come to her. 
As she trembled with nervousness she tried to convince herself.
“He’s going to be ok…he has to be.”

CHAPTER SEVEN
	A few hours later, Xavier finally regained consciousness. He didn’t know where he was at first, and then realized he was lying on a sofa. He suddenly sat up on his elbows. He looked over to his right and saw Victoria curled up in a chair. The look on her face alerted him to the possibility that his secret was blown.  He quickly grabbed his shirt and felt the bandages she applied to his injury. He tore them off. There was minimal blood on the pads. He felt his skin and then looked up at her. There wasn’t a scratch on him. All of his injuries were completely healed without a trace of damage. How was he going to explain this phenomenon to her? 
“How do you feel?” She asked. 
He didn’t answer immediately because he was somewhat embarrassed that she knew he was different somehow. 
“What are you-some kind of alien?”  
“No, I’m human just like you,” he responded. 
“You may be human, but you’re nothing like me,” she insisted. 
He sat up. 
“Where am I- how did I get here?” 
“I and my friends brought you here. This is where I live. What are you-some kind of genetic, scientific or governmental experiment?” 
He shrugged off her question. 
“Why were those men after you?”
“I honestly don’t know. I would tell you if I did. I asked my mother about that. She admitted that she did have a lot of enemies but none with the guts to hurt her by coming after me.” 
“Aren’t you afraid of having a strange man in your apartment?” 
“No. While you were out I checked your driver’s license and made sure I wasn’t with someone dangerous,” she said with a subtle tone. 
“If you’re not worried than why did you have me checked out?” 
“Just because you’re not wanted by the police, doesn’t mean you’re not wanted by someone else” she retorted. 
“Looks like the only one wanted around here lately is you,” he charged. 
“True,” she agreed.  “What I saw in that alleyway freaked me out. Sorry, I guess I just wanted to make sure you weren’t some kind of…creature inhabiting a human body. I mean, I’ve never seen anyone do what you did.” 
“Just keep what you saw to yourself. Trust me, it’ll be better for you and me,” he suggested. 
He rose up and reached for his coat down by his feet and slid into it. He thanked her for taking care of him. He warned her not to go anywhere unless she had at least five or six security men with her. She took his advice. He noticed that she was pretty calm for someone who was nearly killed twice in three weeks. He couldn’t locate his cell phone and assumed the device was lost in the commotion. He was wrong. She hid his phone away in her apartment. This gave her an excuse to see him again. She was afraid he was going to avoid her because of the trouble that surrounded her. Any other normal man would. He thanked her once more on his way to the door. Before he exited her apartment he cautioned her. 
“Whatever you do, don’t tell anyone what you saw-not that they’ll believe you anyway.” 
“I don’t know if I even believe it myself,” she confessed. 
He wished her well. She assured him she would be fine and already had people looking out for her. She was tired from her ordeal.  A moment of romantic tension passed between them just before he stepped out the door. She resisted the urge to give him a kiss of gratitude.  She realized how much she liked him. She must have. She held on to his cell phone in order to have an excuse to see him again. This was a crude move she admitted to herself. Just the same, she could always call him later and pretend she located his phone after he left. This was downright devious for Victoria. Never before had she been so ruthless in the pursuit of any man. In this case, the ends justified the means. And in the end all she wanted was him. 
	The police department investigated the scene of the shootout where dead bodies seemed to be all over the place. The crime was such that Captain Wafford came to the scene himself. Reporters and TV cameras lined the streets as flash bulbs went off at a rapid pace. Such open and callous violence didn’t usually occur that often in that part of town. Captain Wafford and his detectives were completely baffled as to how a twenty-eight ton container filled with debris, was knocked or pushed from one side of the alley to the other like a big toy. No truck could have done that. The alleyway was only wide enough for such a vehicle to go straight forward or back into. He looked at the ground and saw how much damage was done.  As he knelt down, Sergeant Hill approached with a book full of official statements from people who peeked out their windows. Most heard the gunfire, but only saw bits and pieces. They weren’t about to catch a stray bullet. All the residents basically reported the same story, which wasn’t much help. Some hid on the floor of their apartments when the shooting started. One person admitted that they actually saw Xavier push the container into the wall in the dimly lit passageway. Captain Wafford stood up, gritted his teeth and exhaled his frustration. 
“Are you kidding me?!” 
He puffed on his cigar and after a look of annoyance, started to walk away. He stopped after he took a few steps. 
 “Hill, we better find out what really happened here-and fast. The way I see it-we either have a bunch of drunken witnesses or their nuts! No human could move that container unless he was a machine. Do you see any two legged machines around here Sergeant? Well do you?!” 
“No sir,” Sergeant Hill answered fretfully. 
	The mood of not only the city changed since the National Elections, but the whole country. Prime Minister Brent Olenhoff had been in office for almost half of his five-year term.  When the nation cried out for change they had no idea what they were in store for.  The change they had in mind was completely different than what his administration provided. There’s a true saying; be careful what you ask for. Olenhoff himself was a liar who rode into office on the discontent of city and state residents. He also accepted money from the underworld. But he owed no one more than the Valdis family, who practically bank rolled his entire campaign. 
Dwayne needed to achieve all of his goals if he was going to rebuild the empire that would rule Europe and eventually, the world.  Olenhoff was an independent thinker. Unscrupulous and absent of private or public morality. He didn’t care who helped him or who he owed. Once he hopped from one powerful office to the next he did what he wanted regardless of how his constituents felt. He was out for one person, himself. However, he and Dwayne became so-called friends over the years but were very leery of each other. He believed that unlike the Mob, The Valdis family was much more powerful and twice as dangerous. Once he became Prime Minister, Dwayne appealed to his gothic heritage. He convinced him that as a direct descendent of King Uric, he owed it to his people to further the effort to rebuild the Visigothic Empire. Olenhoff agreed. He saw himself as a Dictator.  He thought that if his allies helped him transform the country into a total gothic state that he would obtain total power. 
Dwayne Valdis shared power with no one.  As the black mood of their intentions settled over the city, a level of violence and unrest began to swell from opponents who protested his proposals for new laws. New Holland quickly headed down a dark road-one that threatened to turn a war of words into a war of action.  
	Olenhoff introduced federal laws that interfered with the daily lives of people in a free country. Dwayne remained the driving force behind him. He honestly believed that his people were the dominant culture. He based this on the fact that although the city was very diverse, over eighty percent of the residents were in some form or another, descendents from the gothic races. He planned to slowly but surely change laws regarding religion and how England dealt with other countries in terms of their currency. 
Dwayne and his followers were gothic extremists’. Alexis and others around the world remember another group of social extremists’ who wanted to spread their brand of global unity under one cultural belief-only they called themselves Nazis. Alexis and her people fought from beginning to the end to destroy their type of global extremism. As Queen, she, the Mob and anyone else with half a brain realized that the Olenhoff and Dwayne were vying for that same kind of sick power. Although they were at least a year away from their goal, Alexis and her people were never going to let that happen again. If the Executive Board couldn’t stop their progress, she would. 
	Xavier was in the palace tending to his business. Kerri left him alone for just a few days. But as nosey as she was sometime, he knew sooner or later she would ask what he had done the past few days-where he’d been and who was with him. She noticed his clothes were shot to pieces, but kept silent. She meant well but she drove him crazy worrying over him-like he was still a kid. Four days passed after the second attempt on Victoria’s life. He still wondered where his cell phone was. He needed that. He had important numbers on his calling list that were meant for his eyes only. Finally, he called her. She answered with anticipation. She was home for the day and praying that his voice would be on the other end of the line the next time she answered.  He was glad she picked up. He wanted to call sooner, but didn’t want her to think he was using his lost phone as an excuse to disturb her. Deep down, she was all he thought about since that night. They proceeded to converse. Unfortunately, Kerri was within listening distance. 
Her hearing was extraordinary keen as well. With a little concentration she could hear from long distances. Her apartment quarters were next to his. She could tell he wasn’t talking to any girl she knew. She became suspicious. She knew just about every female in their community wanted to be his wife. As far as she was concerned that spot was going to be filled by her best friend, Gabriella. Her mother, Cynthia, was Alexis’ closest friend next to Nadia. All three had grown up together, but Cynthia was a few years younger and as a toddler, wasn’t able to keep up with them until later. When Nadia died, Cynthia stepped in to fill the void left behind. In doing so, she also filled the roll as Alexi’s best friend. 
	Kerri had a feeling that strange events were taking place around her, but readjusted her thoughts and doubts. She reasoned that Xavier would never throw Gabriella over for someone else. She knew her brother well enough to know that he rarely flirted with anyone. He didn’t have to-he was royalty. Like most sisters, she couldn’t resist the urge to medal. When he completed his phone call she approached him as he left his room to leave the palace.
“Hey,” as she motioned her finger for him to come over. 
“What is it Kerri? I’m on my way out.”  
“Shhhh…not so loud,” she ordered. “I want to talk to you. Was that Gabriella on the phone?” 
Before he could even answer, he let out a sigh of exasperation. 
“No, and it’s none of your business.” 
“I’m only asking because if I can hear you flirting on the phone, Gabriella can hear you too. Suppose she had walked past your door while you were talking? You know how jealous she is.” 
“Look I don’t have time for this right now. I have to go.”
He turned and walked away as she shook her head in frustration. 
“Ugh, brothers,” she mumbled.
	Xavier and Victoria met in a public place that Saturday afternoon. The weekends were crowded with people and tourists enjoying the beautiful waterfront attractions, such as, the restaurants, cafes, the Children’s City Fair, the shopping malls and much more. The whole area was a shopping paradise. They met at a restaurant named the Sea View Café, which had seating outside. The temperature was sixty-five degrees-just right for outside dining. For the first time he saw her dressed up in the daylight.  She looked almost too beautiful to touch.  He wondered why he hadn’t realized how truly breathtaking she was. She approached him with a smile. She stood as close as two people could without kissing. She quickly felt his upper arm as she spoke. Her dress was navy blue and showed off every shape of her body. Her legs were the sexiest he’d ever seen. Her hair was down as one side covered half her face, which made her even more glamorous. 
The early darkness that swiftly covered St. Viktersburg and the rest of the country was a bit more gradual in New Holland. They met at 2:00pm, which meant they had an hour or so before night came. Afterward, daylight wouldn’t be visible again until 9 or 10:00am the following morning. He apologized for calling her so late in the day. The last problem he wanted was for her to be out at night. As they slowly walked and chatted, she pointed out her security detail provided by Martinique-a dozen men. Xavier was unimpressed, but kept that to himself. He knew what her guards up against even though they didn’t. They found a table in a nice spot. They ordered dinner, and then simply talked and got to know each other. He almost forgot to ask her for his cell phone. That’s how much attention he was giving her. 
	He wasn’t someone who wore his inner feelings on his sleeve, nor did he reveal much about them in his facial expression. His eyes were always steely and cold. He didn’t walk around acting like he was the toughest man in the world. He didn’t have to because for all anyone knew, he was. But he had a heart. This had nothing to do with immortality. This had to do with being a human being. From the outward appearance, he seemed to be more like some type of hired gun. That’s why she was so pleasantly surprised when he expressed such concern for her safety. He wanted to help. At the same time, he knew he was forbidden to become entangled in the affairs of common people. They were only allowed to have them as associates. 
	For more than one hundred years he followed this unwritten law to the letter until he met Victoria. All the laws in the universe wouldn’t have given him enough strength to overcome the feelings he began to develop for her. He didn’t understand what was happening to him. She was just a mortal female. So what was so different and special about her? He wished he knew. He couldn’t put his finger on why he was so taken by her. The answer was right in front of his face. She was not an Ostrogoth. She was not a part of his world of war and death. Everyone in his life was just like him. Every girl who wanted him was just as he was. Maybe that was the problem. His generation was born into a conflict that spanned seventeen centuries of resentment on both sides. He was weary of all the plotting and planning to stay ahead of their rivals. He felt his immortality had been wasted and spoiled by all the fighting. This reality tasted bitter to his existence. No matter what he was taught and how deadly he was raised to be, deep down he was a man of peace. And that’s what he felt when he was with her, peace. 
The battles over the centuries robbed much of what should have been his most care-free years. He grew up too fast by anyone’s account. He didn’t see the future when he was younger. He had no idea that high school would be the most precious time in a teen’s life. He envied Victoria. For all his immortality, he still believed that her life was more fulfilling. Maybe that’s why he rarely smiled as the decades passed. 
	As they covered various topics, she laughed at his sense of humor. She also noticed his eyes. They looked sad at times. Once she decided he was at ease, she helplessly stumbled onto the subject of his unique abilities. She worried about offending him, but to her delight he wasn’t in the least. He just became silent. He was raised to keep what he was to himself for his safety and the safety of his people. But all that reasoning was useless. He voluntarily got involved in her matters, thereby, interfering with those who wanted her dead. Because of that decision, he exposed himself and his powers. 
“So now that we’ve told all our secrets to each other-how are you feeling?” she joked. 
He appreciated her wit and politely brushed her statement aside in an attempt to change the subject. 
“I really want to thank you for returning my cell.” 
“After what you did for me, returning a cell phone isn’t much.” 
After a short pause she leaned in close across the table. 
“How did you come to have such amazing powers? I mean, I still can’t sleep because I think I’m going to wake up and have someone tell me that what I saw was just a dream. I just can’t get over what I saw. You pushed a loaded trash container clean across an alley.” 
“I can’t tell you anything, I’m sorry. I wish I could, but I just can’t,” he responded.
She understood his reluctance to discuss himself. 
“I think I know. You’re a secret aren’t you? And the less people know about you the better.” 
“Let’s just say I shouldn’t have gotten involved with your situation, not because I didn’t want to help, but because...well, it’s complicated.” 
She dropped her eyes, accompanied by a sad expression, and then glanced away. She fiddled a napkin on the table with her fingers as she hung her head.  
“Are you sorry you saved my life?” 
He looked her straight in the eye.
“Never,” he reassured. “There’s just a lot about me you wouldn’t understand. 
“I see. Well anyway, I promise I won’t repeat what I witnessed. 
“I appreciate that,” he said gratefully.  
“Well, with that said-I’d like to ask you another question. Do you ever smile?” 
He demonstrated a grin.
 “Not lately. A long time ago I heard someone say that the older we get, the less happy we become. And if that’s true, I’m in big, big trouble. 
She felt for him and suspected that whatever he was hiding was very distressing. She didn’t even know him well enough to commit her feelings. She didn’t care. All she knew was that he risked his life to save her not once, but twice. He mentioned his obligations. However, she made him see that living for his family was fine-to a certain point. She alluded to the fact that living only for them meant that he wasn’t living for himself. After a few hours he had to leave. There was an important meeting with the Royal Council he had to attend. He wanted to stay, but family duty always came first. She wasn’t ready to let him go. As he stood up to leave she softly grabbed his wrist. 
“What do you want to do? What makes you happy?” 
“Being with someone like you,” he disclosed. 
“Life is short. Is there any meeting you have tonight that you can’t have tomorrow?” she questioned. 
He pondered her reasoning for a moment and then spoke. 
“What do you suggest?” 
“Come with me,” she beckoned. 
“To where?”  
“If I told you, it wouldn’t be a surprise,” she teased.
	
 The Shadows were one of the many death squads within the Nokovic Empire. They were headed by Anthony. At one point, Xavier was a member of the Shadows very briefly. After a few months, He demonstrated talent that was far more superior to anyone else’s. People felt he should have been the Commander. As a result, Anthony became threatened and extremely envious. Rather than indulge in his cousin’s childish jealousies, Xavier formed his own unit. He named his squad the Skeletons. Over time, they replaced the Shadows as not only the deadliest, but the largest unit in the Empire. Many warriors left their own squads to join Xavier’s. This is one of the main reasons why Anthony’s jealousy turned into pure hate. 
On the evening Xavier went to meet Victoria, Alexis scheduled a meeting with the council members and Leaders of her death squads. Unfortunately, Xavier was absent. That didn’t mean her conference couldn’t go on. On the contrary, Colt was second in command. He always took over for Xavier in his absence. But Alexis became more demanding after they settled in New Holland. She was too dependent on him. That’s because she only trusted one or two people implicitly-him and Kerri. When he failed to show for the meeting they became worried. Kerri explained that he had left earlier to meet someone and was sure the person was a female. Alexis didn’t get what the big mystery was about.  He went to meet a female-what’s the big deal? He was a normal, red blooded male. He was supposed to like women. As long as they were a fellow Goth who cared? Unlike Kerri, she didn’t feel that Gabriella was automatically the best choice for him to marry just because they were childhood sweethearts. She left his love life up to him. As long as the woman he picked was trust worthy enough to sit by his side on his throne as his princess, she was content. However, she and Kerri did share one trait. They both fretted over him way too much. As a result, he felt smothered at times. They loved him so much until they forgot that like anyone, he needed space to breathe-to get away and think. 
Xavier rarely missed a meeting. Kerri, also a deadly warrior in her own right, pulled her cousin Darcia aside and insisted that if he didn’t show up soon, they were going out to search for him. She repeatedly called him but his cell just went to his voice mail. The longer Alexis waited, the more upset she became. She didn’t know if he had forgotten the meeting or if he was in trouble. He always checked in when he ventured out alone for any extended period of time.
	He had a wonderful evening-one he hadn’t experienced in a long while. The time he spent with Victoria seemed to burn brighter than all of the other dates he attended over the years. She was different. There was no pretentiousness with her. He’d been alive for so long that his immortality was almost taken for granted. She reminded him that a light often burned brighter just before going out. He actually understood how she applied this to people. He had so much fun that he forgot how happy he used to be. By the time she finished with him, he was able to laugh at life’s humorous moments. To him, she was a perfect example of what real life was about. 
They toured the city and hung out in as many places as they could. By the time their night was done, 3:00am had arrived. Her security men were completely worn out trying to keep up with them. She had so much energy. Before the end of their spontaneous date he insisted on going upstairs to check her apartment. She suggested allowing her security detail to check first. She teased him and said that they needed to feel useful. After all, she insisted that he was her real body guard. No one had ever referred to him in that fashion before. Where he came from, no one ever needed much from others because they were all superhuman. He felt needed and that was new and fantastic. 
Once the Agents pronounced her apartment as safe they went back downstairs and took up their post. She had twenty-four hour protection. Martinique wanted Victoria to move back home with her but she declined. She loved her mother dearly. On the other hand, they didn’t get along living under the same roof. The older Victoria grew, the more she accused Martinique of being overbearing. When she announced that she was going to study medicine in New Holland Martinique threw a fit. They had the biggest fight in the history of their relationship. She slammed Victoria as being selfish among other accusations. Tensions between them escalated over the years when Victoria started to research her family tree like any other curious teen. This agitated her, much to Victoria’s confusion. Martinique forbade her from ever searching her family history, which in turn, made her even more curious. She explained all of this to Xavier. He was intrigued and perceptive enough to realize that this issue concerning her past was somehow connected to the trouble she was experiencing at the present time. She explained that she and Martinique hadn’t been as close as they would’ve liked over the past few years. 
“She keeps secrets.” Victoria once told him confided. 
They both felt a bond forming. To them, on that night, time stood still in a way. Suddenly, reality set in on their enchanted evening. He realized that Alexis was going to eat him for breakfast for being absent from a council meeting without calling. When time came for them to part they became quiet. The sexual tension between them had built to an incredible level. He turned to walk toward the door as she followed. He thanked her for an evening out that he obviously needed. They stood face to face. He looked into her beautiful eyes. He touched her on the chin and pulled her to toward him. He kissed her soft and slowly. She wrapped her arms around his neck and covered his mouth with hers in a long, hot kiss that sent her romantic senses soaring. Their tongues met and slid around each other like two snakes on a wet pole. For him, this was foreign. Kissing a mortal was brand new to him. All that he’d been taught about avoiding romantic relationships with ordinary females was forgotten in one moment of passion. Afterward, he felt guilty. But one fact was certain, he loved it.

CHAPTER EIGHT
	When Xavier arrived home he found some of his family still awake.  He headed upstairs to his quarters. Max, his pet panther, awoke from his nap in front of his door and ran to greet him. He lay down at Xavier’s feet begging for a rub on the head, which he received as usual. He loved his master and around the palace he was king. Although there were other big cats, he was their oldest and most beloved. His only real competition was Gabriella’s one thousand pound Bengal tiger and Kerri’s hulking, three hundred pound leopard. 
Xavier entered his quarters as Max flopped down on the carpet. Before he could even undress to take his shower Kerri knocked on the door. He invited her in. She immediately relaxed by lying across his chair. He was unusually curious as to how his absence was received. Simply put, Alexis was pissed. While they discussed his responsibility and other issues Alexis came to the door. Although the hour was late she wasn’t about to let him slide. He wasn’t in the mood to hear a lecture or have a fight. She was a good mother but over the years forgot he was more than just a deadly warrior. He was a man. He wanted more than just to be an heir to the throne. She insisted on speaking to him alone. True to form, Kerri stood outside and listened like the little sneak she was. Unfortunately, Alexis and Xavier’s conversation turned into a heated argument. She explained how his actions looked to the council and that his behavior could cause him to receive challenges as a responsible leader some day. The two argued back and forth for ten minutes until they finally agreed to disagree about almost every issue. Kerri and anyone within listening distance were stunned to hear Xavier raise his voice. He hadn’t done that in years. 
Alexis never saw him so upset and so aggravated. She couldn’t understand him-then again, mothers often don’t.  He acted as though he didn’t want to be her heir anymore. Maybe he didn’t. This argument wasn’t like the others. This one didn’t have the same the feel. Whatever the reason, she realized that maybe the pressure of his position was cramping his life style. She was so focused on their conflicts that she let her relationship with him slip. She unintentionally took him for granted and he was simply tired of that. He showered and then prepared to rest. While he lay in bed, all he thought about was Victoria. At that moment the last thing he cared about or wanted to be was a Goth. All he wanted to be was happy, and he was when he was with her. 
	Olenhoff helped re-elect Mayor Joseph Fritz, a man who supported his ideas for the city and the country. The election was close, but many believed that the results were tampered with. They were right. The mayor was bought and paid for by Dwayne.  While they planned for his inauguration at a later date, opponents immediately called for investigations into voter fraud and election violations. Martinique watched the entire process and realized what had taken place. Most people had no idea how radical Olenhoff’s administration was but she did. She suspected Dwayne was behind many of the changes that took place. He was vying for the power he needed to rebuild his domain-a dream he swore to accomplish. She needed allies in order to stop his plan. Unlike every other person in New Holland who was oblivious to immortals, she wasn’t. She knew all about them. She had once been involved with Dwayne and he was the sole reason she hated all immortals. She believed they were a curse and a threat to overrun and rule regular human beings.
	Although Olenhoff spent the entire year cementing his political power with the backing of his allies, most of the campaign funds came from Dwayne, which made this his right to rule society. As far as he was concerned, the Prime Minister was just a figure head. His administration didn’t let a month pass without some major accomplishment in the public forum. His Party slowly, but surely, acquired a Parliamentary majority and subsequently took over the House of Commons. Over the months that followed, Olenhoff’s party instituted new legislation that required the indoctrination of all school students about gothic heritage whether they were descendents of the gothic Race or not. 
Dwayne and his political figureheads needed to corner the financial and judicial systems. That started with the appointment of judges who were not only of Teutonic descent but specifically his supporters. The financial system was easier to control since he had the power of the legislature to make laws that sided with what he wanted to do with the banks. Their toughest climb would be their attempt to re-write the laws concerning the freedom of religion. Visigoths were Barbarians, but in sharp contrast they were also Christians. Still, they had a very misguided view of how Christianity applied to them and their conquests. 
	As a people, they were on the verge of obtaining major aspects control over daily life in England. Basically, only four sectors of society are needed to accomplish this- political, financial, education and religion. With these four dynasties conquered, the Valdis Empire of the 21st Century rapidly began to reform. Still, their rising influence on Europe was an uphill battle and the road that led to a total takeover was lined with powerful opponents within and outside the government. This is where the Tiger’s Claw Fraternity came in. 
Members consisted of different cultures. From black and white Englishmen, to Germans and Italians-they had a wide diversity of races and colors with different religious beliefs. Interestingly enough, out of the thousands of members, the lowest populous were the Scottish. This was not by accident, but rather a deliberate block out by the fraternity. The organization was upstanding in the public eye, but behind closed doors they were a criminal array of powerful men that included judges, lawyers, law enforcement and district attorneys on the local, state and federal level. Scotsmen were purposely barred from membership once Dwayne’s influence seeped in. That’s because he didn’t trust them. This type of exclusion was also extended to the Irish because the Scots were their descendents. 
The Scottish and the Barbarians had been at odds on and off for centuries. Members learned what took place when the onset of night creatures-vampires, plagued their neighboring city St. Viktersburg. The Scottish did in the fanged creatures. Dwayne saw them as too deadly, too determined and too dangerous to be allowed to remain anywhere near his plans for support of a new world order. He was a ruthless leader who attacked and killed everyone who stepped into his path whether they were guilty or innocent. But he shuddered at the thought of the Scottish interfering in his strategy. He would have preferred to face vampires and all the Mafia families together rather than go to war with them. He once complimented that Scotsman were not immortal, but they fought like one.”
They were impervious to their mortality and battled as though they had nine lives to give. They simply scared the hell out him. He elected to stay clear of them until he had the full backing of the government. When he made a play for power the Tiger’s Claw had to choose a side. They chose to side with the Goths and as result, intensified their network.
	With the majority on his side, Dwayne made a deal with the heads of his allies. He agreed to pay bribe money to them personally as long as they turned a blind eye to his actions. He decided to eliminate all the top and influential crime Bosses of the Executive Board. With the help of his new friends, he took out all the family heads in one bold stroke on one bloody, Sunday morning.  By night fall, twenty-six bodies were indentified all across the city as the heads of the seven crime families. Dwayne had them hit in various ways. 
Al Scarpelli was shot dead as he sat in a restaurant waiting for his food. Joseph Zukoff was thrown off a ninety-five story skyscraper under construction downtown by the city’s railway yard. Nate McKenna never had a chance. When he heard about the death of his Board brothers he went on lock down in his building. The assassins couldn’t get to him. As a result, Dwayne worked out a way to just blow up his entire hideout with him inside. There were body parts plastered all over the neighborhood. 
John Lorenz was saved for last. He threatened Dwayne the last time they met and he never forgot that. He was brought to the location of one of Dwayne’s manufacturing plants. He ordered Lorenz tied up, placed on a hook, and hoisted over a huge container of sulfuric acid.  John was a tall man with long legs and stood around six feet eleven. He towered over Dwayne, who was no more than five foot eleven. They gagged Lorenz to muffle his screams. They lowered him into the acid very, very slowly for maximum pain. His legs were corroded off as he resembled a piece of chicken going in and out of a deep fryer at a restaurant. By the time they submerged him up to his chest he was finished. But his death was agonizing. 
Dwayne knew that the syndicate was resilient. The Board simply moved their younger members up to the positions of Bosses. But they were inexperienced and not up to the respect and judgments of their predecessors. Still, they were never going to fold for him. They simply went into hibernation until times changed again in their favor. They merely operated on a smaller level. Dwayne was content with his results for the time being, which allowed him to concentrate on other tasks. He took over their territory in many instances. They blinked and Dwayne knew with his ability to resurrect from death, he would always have the advantage. But he was on the hit list of more underworld figures than anyone could count. No matter how tough he was, no one just takes out a Mafia Boss and expects to live to see ninety. 
	Olenhoff was under pressure from the public to stop organized crime, so he ordered a half-hearted investigation. As the top Executor of the nation, he had many agencies under his direct rule. None was more important to him than the FSP, infamously known as the Federal Secret Police. However, to his displeasure, Martinique headed the FLED. Her department was created and sealed into the country’s constitution in the late 1800’s by the late Prime Minister, Steven Hegman as a secret police for the protection of the people from anyone and that especially included the government. Prime Minister Hegman wanted to make sure that the atrocities that took place under the secret police in places like Russia under Lenin, and later Stalin, would never take place anywhere in the United Kingdom. He wanted to prevent any future Prime Minister from using law enforcement as a tool of oppression the way the Russian and German Leaders used the KGB and the dreaded SS. 
The FSP couldn’t investigate a Prime Minister or his staff without fearing retaliation because they were primarily subject to his overall authority. The FLED was an independent police agency. They could investigate anyone as long as there was just and legitimate cause. That included Prime Ministers so she had no fear of reprisals. Olenhoff could appoint and terminate anyone in the other federal agencies, but not hers. Her position was appointed by the House of Commons. As second in command, she was given the position after her predecessor retired suddenly. In response to charges of election fraud, she announced she was investigating Olenhoff from top to bottom. No one could over state the importance of the presence the FLED provided at that time. The agency at least slowed the pace of Olenhoff, who would’ve instituted a totalitarian administration overnight if not for Martinique’s challenge to his office. The FLED actually took action to protect people from government. In other places such as, the States and other North American countries, police enforced laws that violated the constitution of their own citizens. Even when the laws escalated to oppression and death because particular administrations created them, police followed blindly. None of them ever refused to enforce such lawlessness and disregard for the rights of their people-just like the Nazi generals who claimed they were simply following orders under Adolf Hitler. The FLED didn’t care what laws the government passed. If the laws ran contrary to their legal structure, they refused to enforce them and even dared the state to try.  
	Because of this public snub to his authority, Olenhoff did what was expected.  He locked arms with the Valdis family and started down the road to a gothic Dictatorship. As Prime Minister, he angered and ruffled the feathers of all his critics at the UN with his new demands on trade agreements. He and Dwayne created changes to the new financial system, which he called, “corrections.” New Holland looked more like St. Viktersburg than ever.  Even the little kids all started wearing black to school, which began to take over where fashion was concerned. No baggy jeans, no Versa chi hand bags or dresses. There remained those who stayed the course but most of the residents, particularly the young, loved the look.
Most people loved Dwayne as the out spoken, billionaire businessman who was linked to the Prime Minister and other powerful friends. Many felt he was just what the country needed. For the first time in the history of the modern era in Europe, Goth was no longer just a sub-culture. They became the majority and the so-called main stream became the minority. In New Holland and other places like Seattle, Washington, Toronto and Vancouver, Canada, ninety percent or more of the population reveled in the gothic look. This had nothing to do with devil worship. The style became a form of expression that transcended race, religion and financial status. They came from all walks of life. 
New Holland was a place that was easy to convert. The population was young and off course like most youth, was incredibly silly and naive. People flooded the schools, colleges and even the work places with seas of black attire. Dwayne counted on the young because they were so impressionable. But he did what all evil manipulators did; he came between them and their parents as he used the pretense of cultural pride to lure them into supporting his dream, not theirs. His fingers spread across the city like a black veil of mystery and death. 
After a year or more of Olenhoff’s implementations, many began to see what they voted for – a man who was too radical and frankly, just plane nuts. This was evident when he finally challenged the laws on freedom of religion. Many who voted for him soon regretted their decision. All those who had championed Totalitarianism soon discovered that those ideas only sounded good to those who benefited and actually ran the government. They realized that a one way system was only good for those in control who decided the outcome of people’s lives. The naked truth was that being on the receiving end of a growing dictatorial, gothic-style empire was no fun. But the damage was already done. Olenhoff and Dwayne had the Tiger’s Claw fraternity for extra protection and operated his illegal businesses without obstruction. However, Martinique remained a thorn in his side. Her investigation found proof of connections between Olenhoff and underworld figures that did business with the government, which was illegal. She just wanted to wait and gather more evidence to bring the entire administration down in view of the public.
	The Valdis family still continued to lose vast amounts of cash because of Xavier’s raids. If not for their growing empire, which generated billions all year long, they would’ve gone out of business. Xavier was still a lone warrior who harassed them on a regular basis. Dwayne had yet to find out his identity. He just appeared, burned their cash, destroyed their deadly merchandise and left a trail of dead bodies. But their losses reached the point where the missing cash began cutting into the hush money for the dishonest officials in their Claw fraternity network. 
As for Victoria, she and Xavier became very close as the months passed. Keeping his affair with her a secret was very difficult. The up side was that with him around, the attempts on her life ceased. One evening, he confronted Alexis and asked her why she hadn’t killed Dwayne. He was also upset because she gave strict orders for Dwayne not to be physically harmed if possible. Her orders made no sense to him. That may be true, but she insisted that every move she made was for her own reasons and her adversaries would be dealt with at the proper time. 
Immortals that died and resurrected from ordinary shootings from their squabbles with their street enemies stayed dead when Xavier was done with them. Erecting a kingdom in the present day New Holland was reasonably achievable. Stretching his tentacles out in order to turn England into one, single dominant force to rule the globe was much harder. He knew that would take years to achieve and unlike his ordinary foes and victims, he had all the time he needed. He made a ton of enemies. If he wanted to remain at the top of the criminal food chain he needed to find out who was attacking his street soldiers and their associates. He possessed the manpower, but unless the war waged against him by the person or persons unknown was halted, his dream of world power was going to remain just that-a dream.
	Marc had his own problems to deal with. He was frustrated about the blown assassination attempts on Victoria. He didn’t want any more of his top hit men killed. Either they were clumsier than he thought or he underestimated her protection. He called in a favor from one of his underworld connections and was referred to a man known only as, Garrison. There was one hitch to using him. He was a corrupt federal agent who worked directly under Martinique. He was her right-hand man and for years, no one ever suspected that he was a part-time hit man for the Mafia or anyone who offered him enough cash. He wasn’t fancy, loud or big on words. 
He always wanted to take over the agency but Martinique stood in his way. When she was picked to run the department he felt passed over. Individuals are more dangerous when they remain silent and bitter-and he was. He was mad at the world because he was slighted. He put in twenty years scraping by on a policeman’s salary until he made detective. He applied to be a FLED agent and was quickly accepted because of his competence, his style and because he got the job done no matter what. 
He was a cold and calculated man. He had no knowledge of immortals, but that wouldn’t have made any difference. When he fell into financial trouble he turned a blind eye and took bribes to stay afloat. When he needed more, he simply ripped off drug dealers. He turned into a killer for hire when a Scarpelli mobster named Gabe Torrinelli offered him fifty thousand dollars to kill Moose Mangia-a rival from the Versailles family. He was a big brawny guy who was feared in the loan sharking business. Gabe wanted to muscle in on his operation. He told Garrison that if he got rid of Moose Mangia he’d make tons of money. That meant more money for Garrison so he took the assignment. Mangia’s death made the evening news for all to see, including Gabe, who was giddy as a kid. But, when Garrison went to collect his fifty thousand, Gabe, being the cheapskate and liar that he was, tried to renege on their deal. Instead, he offered Garrison a loan. In response, he blew a hole in Gabe’s chest and then gunned down four of his body guards who were in his office. He cracked the mobster’s safe box where he kept his cash on hand. There was over two hundred thousand inside. He only took his fifty thousand, left the rest and quietly exited through the back entrance. Gabe found out that Garrison was not a man to double cross. Too bad he learned that after being lowered six feet into his grave.    
	One weekend, Marc met with Garrison just under the Vandals Bay Bridge. The city’s skyline was an awesome sight, and yet, two very ugly people plotted the most heinous crimes of all. Marc expressed that the hit he wanted done was not of a business nature but personal-the elimination of Victoria. Because someone prevented his men from being successful on their prior attempts, Garrison surmised that he would most likely need two attempts to kill her. One attempt would allow him to see who he was dealing with. This would enable him to come up with a plan to neutralize the problem which in turn, would guarantee a successful kill on his second attempt. No one knew why the men who tried to kill her always ended up in the morgue. Marc declared that her body guard must have been a ghost because no one ever saw where he came from and none of his men lived to give a description. He just left a trail of dead bodies in the process. 
Garrison loved a challenge and believed his new foe was like himself, a current or former special agent for a federal agency or worse, an underworld organization. For this job he charged half a million dollars. He warned Marc to take his price or find someone else. He never, ever haggled over price with anyone regardless of who they were.
Marc agreed to his price. Garrison also made clear that he was calling all the shots without question. In addition, he insisted on access to the Valdis henchmen if needed. Marc gave Garrison the green light to do all he needed to as long as Victoria ended up on an icy slab. He didn’t want to disappoint Dwayne. His approval meant everything to him. Garrison, however, only wanted to do this one last job and then fly off and disappear into retirement.

CHAPTER NINE
	 Although temperatures dropped as the fall and winter months progressed, the cold had little effect on immortals as appose to ordinary people. With their immortality, came their incredible resistance to extreme hot and cold weather. That didn’t mean they weren’t liable to die from prolonged exposure, but such conditions had to be extremely dire. In any case, they still had the luxury of reviving. They had a miraculous, internal biological structure that regulated their body temperature to avoid freezing or suffering heat stroke. 
The weather didn’t disrupt Mayor Fritz’s inauguration ceremony. As far as Olenhoff, Dwayne and the entire underworld were concerned; this was victory weather, the same kind of weather that reminded Dwayne of the day he led his people out from under the rule of the Nokovic dynasty. The winter was his friend that season. He felt that same sense of victory when he attended the swearing in on the steps of City Hall to confirm the beginning of a new, five year term for the mayor. This was an added piece to his plan to bring everyone he supported under his wing. Make no mistake; Olenhoff was the most powerful man in politics thanks to all his criminal ties. His Party stole other major elections and the winners were all there to help rub the results in the faces of their opponents, who could only look on after they gave their concession speeches. As Olenhoff congratulated Mayor Fritz, he pulled Dwayne next to his side and thanked him personally for the entire world to see. Dwayne just stood and stared out at the masses of people and in his mind pictured them kneeling to him in the future as their king. 
“My god,” he thought to himself. “This is how King Theodoric must have felt on his way up to world power in his early days.” 
Olenhoff didn’t understand that once that thought came into Dwayne’s mind and produced that feeling of euphoria, he was going to have to die one day-sooner than later. Men like Dwayne didn’t allow men like Olenhoff to share his power or success.     
	Regardless of how Dwayne felt about being in the background, he never would’ve progressed as far and as quickly as he did. No matter what the future held they were presently stuck together because they both were the ridiculously radical minds of the new millennium. For Dwayne, this was an acceptable price to pay-for now. He could use his closest partner in crime to his heart’s content-allow him to have the public credit-let him believe that he was the sole master mind of the new world order taking shape. 
He was patient. He could wait the five year term of Olenhoff’s administration. And even if he won re-election for a second term, there was need to worry, he was immortal. Olenhoff wasn’t, which meant, he could afford to be patient. What surprised Dwayne most about Olenhoff was that he was just as fanatical about his heritage as the Valdis family.  He carefully kept his feelings to himself so his opponents wouldn’t accuse him of being too extreme.  He was always afraid to openly act on his beliefs without a political backing from a strong source. Olenhoff was not a racist or anything of the sort, nor was Dwayne. They didn’t care what color people were or where they were from. He reigned over Goths of all colors and races. This was strictly about a class and a culture takeover. As far as he and his people were concerned all those in his sect were Goths. People who wanted change leapt board the Olenhoff express to what they thought was a new and brighter day. 
Alexis was especially perplexed as to why their culture suddenly took hold like wildfire with not just the youth, but the mature adults as well. The answer was very simple. New Holland was the Capitol of the nation-the place where Parliament and the House of Commons resided. All of the important decisions that affected the country were made there. However, the world treated the people of New Holland like a younger sibling to their big sister city St. Viktersburg. They hated that. Dwayne and Olenhoff tapped into the inferior complex people had suffered with since the two cities formed in the 16th century. The people of St. Viktersburg were proud and arrogant about their status in the world. Regardless of the negative events and press they received, their city was still the place to be. That was where the biggest action was happening. New Hollanders were a bit more sheepish. When Olenhoff appealed to their heritage and reminded them that they were once rulers of the world and not followers, they developed a fanatical sense of pride. He made them feel that they were just as good as their fellow Goths in St. Viktersburg or anywhere else. That new national pride became more than just a boost for their self esteem. Dwayne and Olenhoff had created a movement-a movement that started with each city and then the nation. Unfortunately, their national pride became dangerous. 
Dwayne coined a phrase in a meeting with Olenhoff’s constituents. He referred to his new 21st century movement as Gothism. He was just making a light hearted statement in passing. But when the people of New Holland heard this term, they adopted the word as their official anthem-like some new religion. Dwayne stumbled upon a gold mine that financed and pushed his movement on route to world power. People bought T-shirts with his new catch phrase printed on. They began to teach what the new term meant in schools all across the country. Professors who bought into this new social phenomenon explained that unlike Nazism, Fascism, Socialism and Communism, Gothism did not entail the genocide of other people. But, like Socialism, the ideology did entail snatching away all God given freedom from others. And just like Communism, Gothism entailed transferring all power to a Dictatorship. Those who supported this new Visigothic movement were too blind to see that all it took was one mad man to become a Dictator who wouldn’t tolerate any opposition. That, by itself, always led to genocide.
	Filled with self glory, Dwayne gleefully listened to the long parade of speeches by all the new elected senators of the federal government. The day was very breezy and a sharp chill was present.  Everyone wore a coat and some with a hat to match. Olenhoff was cold and wanted to get inside. Dwayne sat and later stood next to him in a dark gray Duster. Unlike the others, he didn’t have on a hat or gloves. Olenhoff leaned over to him.
“Aren’t you cold?” 
“I never get cold,” Dwayne arrogantly claimed. 
Maybe not, but his response was about to be proven as being a bit premature. The enormous crowd huddled up near the steps of City Hall. As he gazed from left to right he daydreamed about the future. He grinned without a care in the world until a face in the crowd jumped out at him and snatched his happiness away. The face belonged to woman. She was dressed in a sleek, black leather coat that made her look much taller than she may have been. Her hair was black, her lips red and full. He hoped and prayed that the woman he saw was a look alike of someone he knew, but she wasn’t. The woman was Alexis, the mother of all immortals who had pursued him and his people for centuries. He was always fearless and unmoved by mobsters, and other dangerous individuals. But when he saw her he looked as though he had seen a ghost. The shock shook every fiber of his soul. She made no expressions. Her stare was unmistakable and he knew what that meant. She and her people had found him and now were in New Holland. Alexis had a way of staring at someone in a taunting fashion without saying a single word. Her eyes teased and haunted him. The gaze of death was on her face for his betrayal. 
Olenhoff noticed the stress on his Dwayne’s face and asked him what was wrong.  At first, Dwayne didn’t even hear him. When Olenhoff repeated his question Dwayne jumped as though he had just come out a trance. He turned his head for just a second to answer. When he turned back to the crowd, Alexis was nowhere to be seen. As Mayor Fritz gave his speech, Dwayne’s eyes searched the entire crowd over and over again. He swallowed hard. He wasn’t cold. Just the opposite, he was sweating. He thought he had lost her. He hadn’t seen or heard of her in over a hundred years. To his horror, her appearance was an awful ending to a perfect day. 
Dwayne couldn’t just leave in the middle of such an event. No matter how positive he was about the rebuilding of his new Kingdom, Alexis could destroy all of his work if he didn’t act fast. When the festivities were over he rushed home and called an immediate conference with his family and staff. To their incredulity, they were informed that their arch enemy was back and revenge was on her mind. He had killed men in wars over the centuries, but Alexis was different. He witnessed her power over the years and she frightened him. She was the one individual whom he couldn’t match in any way, shape, or form. 
	Over the course of two weeks, he waited for the other shoe to fall. But no one made a move in his direction. She allowed him to stew, knowing that her surprise appearance left him shaken and sleepless. Then, out of the blue one Sunday afternoon, an unstoppable barrage of fire bombings that included the deaths of countless of Valdis family members and associates swept across the entire city. New Holland resembled a Biblical metropolis sentenced to hell where the skies rained fire and brimstone. Fire departments were stretched across the city from early morning to late the next day. For over twenty-four hours, New Holland burned from north to south. One fact grabbed the authorities’ attention the day after the great fires were investigated. The infernos collectively formed a straight line across the map that bordered the separation of the east and west sides of the city. 
Dwayne was furious beyond words. The destruction of so many of his businesses in one day meant the loss of billions of dollars. His family and some of his advisors put the blame on the new mobsters who made up the Executive Board but he knew better. He had all but tied the seven crime families up and threw them in a sack. They were still disorganized and too weak to be that bold and brazened. This was a message from his old enemy. That was Alexis’ style. She was silent and struck without warning. She wanted to make sure he received her message.  After he led his people out from under the rule of the Nokovic dynasty, Visigoths ruled West Germany, the Ostrogoths ruled East Germany. That is where the battle lines remained until Alexis and her people suddenly vanished.  Now, in the modern era, she re-established those same battle lines. 
Dwayne understood that a street war would tear the city apart. He needed another way to neutralize his vengeful counterpart. Just to be safe, he ordered every single person under his rule to stay out of the east side of town because their rivals were out for blood. Both sides geared up for war.
	This time, Dwayne he had two plans in motion at once. He had an old score to settle with Martinique, who he blamed solely for the death of his son, Jeremy. Alexis had a score to settle with him too. He decided that regardless of the cost, his payback to Martinique was priority number one. He suspected Alexis for the fires but not the person who prevented Victoria from being killed. He knew that she and her people would never, ever get involved with ordinary humans. Because of that fact, immortals were automatically ruled out. They figured they were looking for a super agent of some kind, not Xavier. While Garrison attended to that task Dwayne decided to let someone else fight his war this time. He realized he had the use of the federal government at his disposal. For once, he could portray the victim of their rivals and keep public opinion on his side in the event innocent people were cut down in the middle of their conflict. No matter what happened after that, the public would blame the Ostrogoths. He took some time to figure out how to use his connections to help destroy Alexis once and for all. He eliminated the former heads of the Executive Board in one bold stroke. He decided to use the same type of stroke to make the Nokovic dynasty enemies of the public as well.
 
CHAPTER TEN
	Martinique met with her staff on Thursday morning; just days after the city suffered the worst coordinated violence of fires in their history. But her investigation was about corruption. She wanted to stop immortals, namely Dwayne, from gaining any more power. She hated them with a passion that was unparalleled. She made all the right moves except one. She appointed Garrison in charge of Victoria’s security. She trusted him-big mistake. For him, this was a blessing and a curse. He was one of the best agents in the department. If her life had been taken so soon after his appointment he would’ve been the first one investigated. Not all of his co-workers liked him. He managed to make a few powerful enemies over the decades-enemies who were under Martinique, yet, his superiors and they were closer to her then he was. 
Thanks to his new assignment, he only needed to wait for the right time. He didn’t have to rush. Rushing caused mistakes and that’s how people got caught. He was patient. He learned early in his career that a hit man needed to have that. 
	For two weeks he planned out the scenario of his last job for the underworld. First, he needed to assure Martinique that the mysterious people behind the attempts on Victoria’s life were no longer anonymous. Secondly, he needed to devise a smaller plan to locate a scapegoat for the police to find so they wouldn’t look for anyone else. Third, Victoria was still under considerable security so in order for her to completely forget about her own safety, some kind of tragedy was in order, such as, illness or a death in the family. He needed to work his way up to her murder. He worked out all the angles and made certain they were full proof. 
	 Garrison was known in law enforcement circles as a fox. He earned this reputation because of the cunning way he went about his job. He finally put his plan in motion. He approached some up and coming mob soldiers of the Saldano family. The meeting took place on a Thursday night at the city’s busy train yard. The Saldanos were notorious for their street battles. Unlike the other six crime families who did most of their violence by being unseen and unheard, they were more treacherously open. Many said they should have been born back in the days of the Wild West or better yet, the roaring twenties. Garrison couldn’t afford to get his hands dirty. He had to stay hidden in the background. 
The Saldano street soldiers were hit hard financially when Dwayne finally muscled in and took over eighty percent of all illegal activity related to organized crime. A number of wise guys resorted to taking low level hits for anyone who paid with no questions asked. When the time was right, Garrison gave them a description of Victoria and her address. He insisted and that she needed to be killed and soon. The “no questions asked” was a bad policy to adopt. He neglected to inform the hit men that she was the daughter of a top federal agent. Had they checked into Garrison’s request and information, they would have never taken the assignment. The last problem they needed was a law agency gunning for them. But they only saw the money. Garrison requested ten men. He pitched ten thousand dollars a head and they accepted. Garrison worked closely with three other officers who were just as corrupt as he was, but not as wealthy. 
Over the years, he managed to rake in over a million and a half dollars gunning down people for the Mafia. He didn’t mind paying out one hundred thousand because he was going to profit four hundred thousand. He paid them half on the spot. The rest would be paid after their assignment was completed.
	The Saldanos didn’t know they were being setup as fall guys. He knew from the past two attempts that when someone got too close to Victoria they died. Whoever her protector was, he or she was someone Garrison didn’t want to tangle with until he had a chance to observe the way they operated. With that plan in motion he approached Martinique the following day. He told her he came across some information about the attempts on Victoria’s life. She eagerly welcomed any news from anyone who could get her closer to nailing all those involved. In order to deflect blame and attention away from the Valdis family, Garrison claimed the Saldanos were behind the attempts because she ruined their crucial connection with Olenhoff, who promised the Saldano family a multi-billion dollar government construction contract. However, Martinique uncovered the many conflicts of interest and criminal elements connected to the Olenhoff and Saldano deal. They were all ex-convicts, which made them ineligible to do any business with the federal government. Olenhoff dismissed this as an oversight. Unfortunately, they had already signed off on the deal, in which the late Paul Saldano and his family alone stood to gain one billion dollars in a year’s time and two billion for the Executive Board. The deal was sunk and Paul never forgave her for that. Garrison insisted that unlike the other crime families who were afraid to kill law officers, the Saldano family were not. True, she did sink the deal for the Saldano family. She remembered the case well. But they had no involvement whatsoever in the attempts on Victoria’s life. Unfortunately, because of their violent reputation and bold shootouts with the police, believing Garrison was easy for her to do. He was playing both sides of the fence. Still, he had to be careful. If the Saldanos ever found out they were being double crossed, they would nailed him to the back of a loading dock and backed a semi trailer straight into him. 
	He convinced Martinique to let him handle the situation. She was under enormous pressure and stress to bring the case against Olenhoff and his administration to a head. There was a load of evidence to compile. She had to coordinate the largest case anyone had ever brought against the federal government and a sitting Prime Minister. That required an unbelievable amount of energy because of road blocks placed in front of her. From corrupt judges, state attorneys who tried to protect Olenhoff and his associates, to the dirty cops who did their street work for them; she never stopped. In all, eight hundred and fifty people from the Valdis’ family, federal, state and local officials and crime figures were soon going to face indictments. All of the charges ranged from twenty years to life in prison to the death penalty for those convicted. She told Garrison to go ahead and pursue his leads and that she would support him. She was so concerned about the supernatural power of immortals that she forgot how treacherous ordinary humans were. Garrison’s plan began to come together piece by piece like a deadly puzzle.
	Friday night was wet and dreary but unseasonably warm. The unfavorable weather didn’t stop the movements and excitement of the weekend in a huge place like New Holland. Steam rose up from the manhole covers on the downtown streets. Vendors were out on the corners and sold foods ranging from hamburgers, nuts to hot pretzels. In sharp contrast, Victoria felt like a moth trapped in a glass with security men all around her everywhere she went. She especially hated for them to be around her at work. In addition, she began to feel the strain of living in the shadow of a parent who was well-known and well connected. That evening, she worked her rounds at the hospital as required by any student preparing for a career in medicine. The fact that someone wanted to kill her in order to get back at Martinique took a toll on her. She didn’t smile as much anymore. The only time she did was when she and Xavier were together. They didn’t have an official relationship, but they only had eyes for each other-that much was understood. Knowing that he wasn’t supposed to be involved with her made wanting him that much more enticing.  She left work at 11:00pm. She headed home in the back seat of her security driven, luxury sedan. But her nerves bothered her. She had a new security detail. She wasn’t crazy about the first group and she hated the second set of agents even more. Victoria was a very perceptive individual. The two replacement agents gave her the creeps. Something about them didn’t feel right. When they neared her building, the agent on the front passenger side turned to her.
	“We’ll go with you and check out your apartment, just in case.” 
“That won’t be necessary,” she told him. 
She was sweet, but she was not a pushover. 
He grew persistent.
 “Security is our job; that’s what we get paid to do. We’ll escort you up stairs anyway.” 
 “Excuse me; my mother is your boss. You’re here to serve me and do whatever makes me comfortable,” she snarled. 
He stared at her for a moment, which didn’t intimidate her in the least. 
After a moment of uneasy silence he decided not to press her. 
“Whatever you want Miss Brawlazinski.” 
She was only humoring Martinique because she knew this was her way of showing her love. And she believed that no child should ever turn their mother’s love away. If Garrison’s hired guns actually managed to kill her he would be content. Realistically, he had his doubts.
	The Saldanos waited at their positions in front of Victoria’s building. She had enough faith to trust her suspicions. As she rode in the back seat during her forty-five minute commute, she sent Xavier a few texts’ before she arrived home and expressed her concern. She never received a reply. When they arrived in front of her address, she got out of the car as the two agents sat and watched her. She headed upstairs. The last text she sent to Xavier was a half hour prior to her arrival. She stepped off the elevator on the tenth floor. As she walked down the corridor to her apartment her friend and next door neighbor Simone, approached on her way out. 
“Hi Vicky, I thought you got in an hour ago. You must have ghost in your apartment,” she supposed innocently with a laugh. 
Victoria was too perplexed to answer right back. She smiled and exchanged a pleasantry as Simone hurried down the hall. She was late for a date, but promised the two would hang out the next day. Victoria frowned with hesitation. She wondered why Simone assumed she had come home earlier. She put her key in to unlock the door. For some reason she stopped. She sensed a presence inside. She slowly turned the key and relocked the door. She bolted and ran as fast as she could, but not the elevator. She heard footsteps coming toward her from around the corner. She ran to other end of the corridor and took the second end staircase. She carefully and quietly sneaked out of the building’s rear entrance and disappeared into the rain soaked streets. 
	She wasn’t suffering from an over worked imagination. Someone was in her apartment. And they were there to take her life. A few moments after she escaped, a man tried her door knob, which was locked. He placed his hand flat against the door and pressed softly-opening the lock all by itself. Two men lay in wait inside. When they entered the apartment the lights were completely off. Meanwhile, Garrison waited in his car among the shadows of the trees and bushes across the street further down the block. Once Victoria was dead, her killers were instructed to turn on one light in her living room as a signal and leave. This way, Garrison would know that the deed was done.  He didn’t want to be spotted by anyone near her residence when she died. That way, he could appear to be above suspicion. Inexplicably, his plan ran into a road block.
Garrison saw and heard flashes of gunfire. The other eight Saldano crew members slowly got out of their cars. They didn’t know why so much commotion was made during a simple hit on a young girl. All eyes were on the windows of her apartment. Garrison and his men spotted a man in her window but his identity was concealed. That man was Xavier. He did receive Victoria’s message and rushed over to her. He backed away from the window as two gunmen charged upstairs to rectify the situation. 
“This is going to be good,” Garrison mumbled to himself.
Xavier headed out of the apartment and ran down the hall. When he turned the corner the Saldanos started to fire at him but he retreated back around the corner before they could get a shot off. Once they had him in their sights they let loose. He leapt high into the air and pushed off the wall with his legs. He spun around to face them in midair during his jump. His hang time was incredible. Seemingly out of nowhere, he pulled his guns and returned fire. He struck one gunman in the chest, the other in the middle of his forehead. He landed as his black, full length coat dropped down behind him. He put away his pistols and headed back downstairs again. This time two more men were gunning for him. And this time their fire power was more than he could compete with. They had machine guns. 
He ran back toward Victoria’s apartment at full speed and crashed through the door, landing on top. Somehow, he rolled over and in a split second and was up running again without losing a step as gunfire trailed him. This alarmed tenants, who thought a police raid was taking place. He ran and crashed head first through the window pane. 
The four remaining hit men and Garrison watched as he plummeted ten stories down to his apparent demise. What happened next made them question their sanity. Xavier flipped around in midair and landed on his feet. When he made contact, the power that accompanied his presence became evident. The sheer force of the impact sent a shuddering shock wave through the air so strong that anyone within range had to hold their ears because of the pain. The wave of energy was like a sonic boom or the crashing of a 747 jet. Many lower level apartment windows in surrounding structures shattered. Pieces rained down on top of Xavier, the gunmen, and their cars. The sidewalk around him was cracked and sunken in. One mobster fell onto his back and rolled over to avoid being cut. Garrison dropped his binoculars and squinted in pain as the shock wave flashed over him. 
Afterward, the Saldano crew took aim at Xavier.  One gun man was on his back. He looked and saw Xavier from upside down.  Although most were still a bit dizzy and disorientated from the energy wave that threw off their equilibrium, they still had murder on their mind. Unable to go forward without getting blasted, Xavier quickly backed up against the building. Before one bullet could be discharged he did the extraordinary. He absorbed himself into the stone and vanished. Garrison thought his eyes were deceiving him. His brain went into shock attempting to process what he saw. The others dropped their weapons and backed away. They were shaken with so much fear that they jumped into their cars and sped off down the busy street. One man dropped his gun on the ground and just stood there-paralyzed from fright. Garrison sat behind the steering wheel with his mouth open.
 “What in hell’s name have we gotten ourselves into?” He lamented. 

CHAPTER ELEVEN
	Xavier drove around frantically trying to locate Victoria. He called her repeatedly but she didn’t answer. She was so terrified that she didn’t want to signal her location over the phone in case her line was tapped. This also kept her from calling Martinique right away because she feared the hire guns would make a B line straight for her. Until she was safe, she couldn’t risk both their safety. She had no idea how big this was or how far up the chain her situation went. Soon, she realized that she had no choice; she needed to see Xavier-even if that meant giving her location away. She decided to send him a coded text message. She told him to meet her where she first saw him smile. He knew exactly where she was. She was down by the pier, specifically, the café they dined in by the City Fair. There were crowds of people so she felt a little safer. At the same time, she stayed clear of any policemen. If she couldn’t trust officers from the federal government she was certain she couldn’t trust the local police. She was cold and wet. As she positioned herself within the throngs of people her anxiety set in and she began to cry. She tried to hide her emotions, but all of the stress she was under caught up with her. Tears came down her face as fast as she could wipe them away. 
Twenty minutes passed from the time she notified Xavier of her location. The minutes seemed to drag on. She circled her surroundings constantly with a look of paranoia on her face. The down pour slowed.  When she turned toward the steps that led up to the food courts and the street she saw her savior through the black drizzle. He walked toward her as she went to meet him. She stopped in front of him. Her hair and face was soaked. Her clothes were saggy and disheveled. Her hands shook with nervousness. He carefully surveyed their surroundings for any foes. 
“Are you hurt?” He questioned. 
She shook her head in denial. He took off his coat and placed it around her for warmth. 
She stared at him and made a confession in a low voice.
 “Something told me to just run so…I ran.” She suddenly dropped her head and broke down. “Why are they trying to hurt me?” 
He pulled her close and wrapped his arms around her. She squeezed him as tight as she could. She was afraid that if she ever let go of him, she would die.
“You’re going to be just fine,” he declared. 
He insisted on taking her to his home for safety. That was a problem. Mortals were highly forbidden to enter the Royal Palace. No one knew of his love affair with her. He couldn’t ask anyone, especially his family, to help him in this matter-not after he himself was in violation of his mother’s code. 
	On Fridays, the palace was always full of activity. Slipping Victoria past all of the staff and his family would be tough. As he drove, she fell asleep against his arm in the car with her feet curled up against the door. She held onto his upper right arm with both her hands as he steered with his left. He watched her from time to time as she slept. That was the moment he admitted to himself that he was in love with her and was helpless to change how he felt. When they arrived, he woke her and warned her that his family was different from others and that included their pets. He told her not to run for the door once she entered because he would stay with her no matter what. The staff assisted him upon his entry. His servants greeted him and waited for his instructions. He ordered them to get Victoria some fresh clothes and to prepare the guest room for her stay. The staff-also immortals, knew immediately that she wasn’t. They were appalled but kept their feelings to themselves. Speaking out of term in his presence made them subject to punishment. If he could get her upstairs and past Kerri he could break the news to Alexis later. Others who saw Victoria go upstairs began to whisper among themselves. Anthony came from out of the dining area just in time to see the two climb the staircase. He rudely called one of the palace staff members over and questioned him. He could only inform Anthony that she was not an immortal. He was insulted and couldn’t wait to tell Alexis that her son had broken one of her policies. When they reached the top of the stairs Max saw Xavier next to what he perceived, was a stranger, which caused him to exhale a fierce growl. Victoria nearly jumped out of her skin. She started to run, but Xavier grabbed her and promised no harm would come to her. Max growled again. 
“Be Quiet Max! Get over here!” He ordered. 
Max immediately whimpered down and approached with his head lowered in total submission. He lay down at Xavier’s feet as though to ask him for forgiveness. He informed her that his people ruled wild animals the way other people ruled domestic pets. He could mentally control almost any animal he wanted to. He looked into Max’s eyes. With a little concentration he waved both their hands back and forth across his nose. Max sniffed once or twice and then began to lick their hands together as a sign of friendship and obedience. 
“Alright that’s enough,” he said. 
“What does this mean?” She wondered. 
 “This means that you two are friends. Other than me, no one will ever be able to turn him against you. Go ahead, see for yourself,” he urged. 
She rubbed his head briefly. He rolled over onto his back and waited for a tummy rub. She was astounded at Xavier’s command over such a large and deadly animal. She rubbed his side once then drew back as he flicked his tail a few times in delight. 
“Alright Max. Quit showing off.” Xavier quietly barked. 
They continued down the decorated corridor to his palace apartment and entered. Max followed them inside and did what cats always do; he curiously busied himself around the place as Xavier tended to Victoria’s immediate needs. 
	He escorted her to his guest bathroom. He told her to get undressed and take a hot shower. He didn’t want her to become ill due to her exposure to the rain. News of her presence circulated quietly around the palace. He wondered why his staff servants hadn’t brought the clothes he requested. He finally became too impatient to wait. He hurried down to Kerri’s empty quarters. He opened her walk in closet, which was the size of a large room. He looked into a sea of hanging black, and white attire mixed with the colors of red and gray. He pulled out one of Kerri’s sleeping gowns and jetted back to his quarters and closed the door behind him. 
A few minutes later, he heard a knock at his door. He asked who was there. Kerri answered. Off course, who else? She could always annoy him during the middle of a tense moment. He invited her in. She immediately started in on him about his unknown guest. She was really afraid for him because if Alexis ever found out she was going to blow her stack sky high. He didn’t care. He had more pressing issues to deal with, particularly trying to keep Victoria alive. They quietly bickered back and forth about the consequences of his actions. While they did, Anthony knocked on his door. Once he received permission, he entered with a smug look on his face. Max hissed and growled, which made him nervous. The cat disliked him as much as Xavier did. If not for him, Max would have chewed Anthony up into little pieces and discharged him as fertilizer years before. 
Kerri looked at Anthony with annoyance as he informed them that Alexis was aware that a mortal was on the premises. Even worse, Gabriella knew as well. She was very jealous and possessive of Xavier. She was also the woman that Anthony always wanted, but could never, ever have. He hated to talk up to Xavier as his superior. That killed him. He cringed every time he had to hold his tongue to keep from saying what he really felt. Xavier told him that he would speak to Alexis the next day about the matter and brought an end to the discussion. Furthermore, he ordered Anthony to keep his mouth shut and forbade him to bring the subject up to anyone else. Too late, he was the one who made sure the information reached Alexis in the first place. 
	Alexis was not about making a scene or embarrassing Xavier, but that’s what Anthony was thriving for. Xavier and Kerri toned down their harsh words to each other and as usual they agreed to disagree. Other than their argument, which Victoria overheard, they both made up until the next day when they would go at each other again over that or some other issue. When all was said and done she only wanted the best for her brother. However, keeping him out of trouble seemed to be a full time job for her. She decided to speak to Alexis on his behalf. Off course, Kerri had to have the last word. Before she closed the door behind her, she ordered him to stop digging in her closet and giving her clothes away. Xavier wagged his head in frustration with her pettiness. He thought she’d never notice just one missing gown out of the hundreds she owned. At times he wondered who the younger sibling was-him or her. 
The night didn’t find him being visited by anymore else. He sent Max outside to lie in the corridor in front of his door. When Victoria completed her shower, he knocked on the bathroom door, which she opened. She had a large, white towel around her that couldn’t hide the shape of her perfect body. He handed her the night gown and a house coat to wear. She handed him all of her wet clothes to be cleaned by his staff. She was exhausted. For the first time in his life he understood up close, how awful dealing with the anxiety of death was for ordinary people.
	After resting, he had food prepared for her. She ate as best she could under the circumstances. She was so upset that her stomach had a hard time digesting what she consumed. After events finally calmed down, he decided to let her in on a few facts about him, his family and his people. First, he swore her to secrecy. He gave her a short history and the events that shaped who they had become. He needed her to understand why their war with a rival group of people was in motion. She felt two inches tall after his world collided with hers. For instance, she was from a family whose income was over half a million a year. She had a huge, high class condominium with four baths and every other amenity she could need. She assumed he was just a working class type of guy. She was struck like a bolt of lightning when she discovered that he was a gothic prince who was worth not just billions, but trillions. He didn’t tell her how they made their money, but he made sure she understood that every cent they ever earned over the centuries was honest and legal. She was in love with a man who had servants, a secret way of life, a wealth of finance that made them the first and only multi-trillionaires in the world and a mission to complete, which was to destroy all Visigoths.
	The one aspect of his life and history he worried about was his immortality. No woman wanted to be in love with a man who they couldn’t grow old with. But when she pressed him about his powers and how he came to be he couldn’t lie to her. He hated deception. He knew how she would have felt. Besides, he suspected that she already had an idea about his life span.  He was right. She theorized that anyone who possessed the abilities he did was more than likely to be born or created with a life span that exceeded regular people. Just the same, he admitted that the majority of his people were immortal. An odd moment occurred when she discovered all of this. She was blown away by the facets of his life and the complications that came with being a leader and a warrior. Unbelievably, she was unimpressed when she learned about his immortality. He didn’t get it. He was confused. The subject of his life span just floated over her head. His words seemed to go in one ear and out the other. Was she in a state of denial because of what that meant for their relationship? Whatever the reason, her reaction or lack thereof, threw him for a loop. He stood up and took her by the hand. In his bedroom was a beautiful long, burgundy and gold frame sofa that faced the window. The furniture piece sat in the direct path of the moon at night. He brought her over and sat down. He pulled her down next to him and laid back. She rested her head and hands on his chest as he held her. She nudged her face up to his neck and softly kissed him on the side. 
 “I’m in love with you-but you already know that don’t you?” She said softly. 
He moved his head back enough to see her face. 
“If you know that then you already know I feel the same way.” 
She positioned herself up on her elbows until she was face to face then she laid a long, avid kiss on him. 
 “I don’t ever want you too far away from me,” she pleaded. 
“I think I’ve got you spoiled,” he countered. 
They lay on his chair for hours as the moon’s light illuminated his room and them. She had gone from one extreme to the other. She had spent the night running for her life to lying on the sofa with a powerful man she never wanted to leave. In his arms, her thoughts ran out of her without shame and without the dread of judgment. She wasn’t afraid to be honest with him. 
 “I have a feeling times may get hard for you and I, but we’ll get through them,” she noted.  
There she was-a person whose life was threatened and she still had enough faith to look forward-not backwards. 
She also articulated the human experience from an angle he never viewed before. 
“You know, when you’re sixteen, eighteen or in your early twenties, you really do think that you’re going to live forever. You don’t see death sneaking up on you until it’s too late. In a big way, you’re too busy living in an ignorant bliss with your closest friends. For us, that time in our lives is our heaven-our eternity. Ours just doesn’t last as long as yours. That’s why we make the most of every minute we have because suddenly, time can run out-and then you’re gone.”  
She sighed with a heavy heart as he kissed her on the forehead.
 “Sometimes, the feelings of immortality aren’t always what their cracked up to be.” he replied.
“I believe you,” she agreed. “I’ve been trying to re-capture that feeling of invincibility since I was seventeen, but life has a way of just beating it out of you. Suddenly, you wake up one day and you’re struggling to recall and hold on to the sense of how wonderful times were when you reveled in hanging out without worrying about money or losing people you care about, or constantly reminded that one day you’re going to die. And you wonder what this all would have been for.” She sat up, glared down at him and continued, “Each one of us has to do what makes us happy-to hell with everyone else. I live by this because life really is short-for us anyway. Compared to you, my time here is like a flash of light or the blink of an eye. She shrugged her shoulders sorrowfully. 
“We’re like flowers quickly fading-here today-gone tomorrow. You and I…we don’t have a lot of time.”
He held her hand. His insides dropped to the floor with a stunning realization. One day, she would be gone and he would have to live on without her for years-even centuries perhaps. At that precise moment he understood why Alexis forbade her people from getting romantically involved with mortals. Regardless of the practicality of this code, they ignored the circumstances and chose to take what they could get. That’s all they could ever hope to have. 

CHAPTER TWELVE
	The following morning, Alexis convened the Royal Council. She summoned Xavier in front of all the high level members and all the relevant people who served under her administration. That included the General Assembly, which numbered six hundred. They attended and tackled important business and social issues that governed her rapidly growing empire. Before he left to attend the meeting he knocked on the door of Victoria’s guest bedroom. She opened and greeted him with a kiss. She was wearing one of Kerri’s dresses. Xavier was pleasantly surprised at how beautiful she looked. He thought she could have passed for an Ostrogoth. She was worried about him and herself as well. He down played his meeting but she knew better. He was in trouble and she was the reason why. He insisted that she wouldn’t have to leave. She had her doubts. After all, Alexis was the queen and her word was final. 
	Alexis, Kerri, Jacqueline, Colt, Lazette, Darcia and Xavier all made up the Gothic Royal Council. But he had to step down from his chair to stand before Alexis like anyone else even though he still remained a couple of steps above the general auditorium. The sessions were sometimes very heated and treacherous-much like the House of Commons in London where the law makers sat on two sides and battled over issues. However, the sessions involving the immortals were much sharper, and with a lot more at stake than just politicians greasing one hand of society or the other. If not for the fact that they were forced to adapt to a more modern, and civilized world, the cliques within the General Assembly would’ve sliced each other to pieces during their conferences. Assembly members were required to dress for major court and sessions. They dressed in long, beautiful black robes with colorful emblems and specific designs. One could recognize an officer from a regular member according to the crest design and stitching. This meant they were higher up in Ostrogothic society. Although the robes were all similar, without question, robes worn by the Royal Council were the most striking. To behold them reminded others that they were in the presence of someone majestic. When the issue of Victoria and Xavier came up, Anthony, tired of serving under him, was fed up and orchestrated a verbal challenge. If that meant stirring up dissension and tearing over six hundred thousand Ostrogoths apart to discredit his cousin then so be it. He was the first to speak and raised objections to Victoria’s presence. Alexis asked Xavier for a response to what amounted to disobedience and poor judgment. He explained that their rivals had made not one, but three attempts on Victoria’s life, and that he didn’t plan to get involved, but to allow a crime of murder to take place would have been inhuman. Anthony insisted that he should have let her die because the problems of regular humans were not theirs to interfere with.                                       
The two argued their points back and forth. The Royal Council came to Xavier’s defense after others, including assembly members, criticized his decisions. Some of those who offered their opinion sided with Anthony as others supported Xavier, mostly because they feared him in and out of the court. He was fair, but extremely brutal if he was crossed. Those who sided with Anthony were members of the Shadows-the death squad he commanded. The longer the subject of Xavier’s infraction lasted the nastier the language became between him and Anthony. Alexis demanded order to keep her court from boiling over. Anthony charged that Xavier put their safety in jeopardy by harboring a stranger. He insisted that despite the attempts on her life, she could actually be a Visigoth herself-implying she was possibly a spy. Alexis agreed with Anthony on this point but reluctantly agreed to allow Victoria to remain in the palace until she spoke with her personally at the appropriate time. Her response sent him over the edge and he foolishly challenged her authority. He charged that Xavier was unworthy to have any authority over of his people, let alone the Skeletons. During his tirade, he stated that he should have been prince because Xavier had the blood of a captured slave and commoner in his veins-not kings and queens. On the contrary, he couldn’t have been more wrong.  His father, Manuel, was a king before his empire was wrecked by the Goths. Nadia, Xavier’s biological mother, was herself a Duchess and her own mother a Princess. Nadia’s bloodline originated all the way back to the kings and queens of Scandinavia. Despite these facts, Anthony refused to recognize his Right to the throne because only one of his parents was a full-blooded Goth. He crossed the line as far as the council was concerned. His words drew the fury of the ever intense Darcia, who defended her cousin and threatened to cut Anthony’s throat clean open in full view of all those present. She had to be verbally and physically restrained by her family. Xavier took a lot of heat from this situation. That included his favorite aunt Jacqueline, who still couldn’t bring herself to speak harshly to him during her criticism. The tension in the auditorium escalated when he dropped another bombshell. He revealed that he and Victoria were romantically involved. A great gasp bellowed across the entire auditorium. They were aghast. His admission stunned all of them-none worse than Gabriella. The place erupted in a flurry of chatter and objections. For the first time in years a controversy centered within the Nokovic family.
	As the crowd digested Xavier’s revelation he heard one negative statement after another about Victoria. During those moments his superhuman hearing didn’t feel like a gift. They made vile and nasty comments about her as though she was some kind of swine in a pen. He had had enough. His anger boiled over as they berated her. Before Alexis could regain silence of her audience, Xavier quickly undid the top half of his robe. He reached inside and pulled out his gun and fired two shots into the air. The echo from the impact traveled through the building like a tidal wave due to the extremely high ceiling. A hush fell over the attendees. He placed his gun back into his holster and calmly refastened his robe as Alexis and the other family members sighed in frustration with the entire matter. He made one more statement and what he had to say was particularly for Alexis. He insisted that forbidding relationships with mortals was her policy and not the people’s. He wanted her to see that her law was biased because she lost her husband, who was not an immortal. He was an Ostrogoth, but a mortal just the same. He was no better than Victoria. He pointed out that Jacqueline and others had affairs with mortals in the past. The only reason she made such a code after the deaths of their husbands, was because she, like the others, were left with an eternally broken heart. As a result, she didn’t want others to suffer the same pain as they did.  He warned that parents couldn’t protect their children from all things, including matters of the heart. If immortals wanted to take chances with their emotions then it would be unfortunate if they suffered because they took that chance. However, for better or for worse, it was their heart to have broken or not. He told the council if they forced Victoria to leave the estate, he would leave with her. Alexis knew Xavier never bluff- not ever. When he spoke, he meant every word and did exactly what he said. She couldn’t afford to lose him as her son and as an ally, not with them on the verge of an expanding war. And besides, his truth and logic was inescapable. She cleared the auditorium and promised to have a decision in half an hour. In truth, she only did that just for show. She already knew what her decision would be-so did Anthony.
	When the Assembly reconvened, she handed down her ruling. The Royal Council could have voted to side with Anthony, except, as Queen she would have overridden them.  More importantly, she was wiser, more powerful; the mother of all immortals figuratively and the very first there ever was. How could they be expected to go up against someone who was the beginning of what their immortality on earth had come to be? Unless the circumstances were extremely vital to their survival they would never side with anyone against her even if they wanted to.  Not because they dreaded her, but because they were her blood family and they loved each other above all else. In private and away from the public eye, Jacqueline and Lazette were always on Alexis’ back about one issue or another. And they fought as sisters always do. Her power had nothing do with how her family treated her. They gave her the respect she was due as head of her people, but none of them feared her. They were all too close for that. 
Often, Alexis would admit to her family in anger after a fight with Lazette,
 “I may be the Queen, but she’s the real boss around here.” 
Alexis ruled that Victoria could remain in the mansion under their protection, but Xavier was solely responsible for her. She refused to hear any objections on the matter and told all those present to live with her decision and get over it. She adjourned her session-exhausted. These were the times that she would have gladly traded being Queen for a different position.
	Meanwhile, as she handed down her decision amid the excitement; Gabriella decided not to return and was excused. Her fury was filled to the brim. She had to confront the woman who invaded the heart of the man she was destined to marry-at least in her mind. She wanted Victoria gone. She walked to the other side of the palace where Xavier’s place was located. She didn’t intend to have a long drawn out argument. That would have only hurt her relationship with Xavier. What she had to say was short and to the point. She knocked on the door. Victoria was already on edge waiting for Xavier to return and tell her about the fallout because of her presence. She answered. Gabriella introduced herself and requested to come in. She did, and to Victoria’s astonishment her one thousand pound pet tiger strode in behind her. Victoria jumped at first but resisted the urge to panic. Just the same, she wanted the front door wide open during her chat with Gabriella. She bluntly told Victoria that she and Xavier had been childhood sweethearts over the centuries. She stated her case quickly and suggested that she leave the very next day. She tried to frighten Victoria with subtle threats, such as, bringing her man eating tiger with her. Halfway through their conversation, Gabriella raised her hand and swung it softly. When she did, the door closed shut and locked on its own. That impressed Victoria. 
“You must be some kind of witch.” 
“I could see how you would make that mistake,” Gabriella disagreed. But no, I’m not a witch, nor do we have anything to do with their craft. Let’s just say I was born with certain advantages.” 
The two women took an instant dislike to each other. Gabriella explained why immortals and ordinary people resisted dating and marrying each other. For each point she made for their break-up, Victoria countered with her own points as to why they weren’t going to. She frustrated Gabriella. Her stubbornness was unmovable. She was absent from the assembly and had no idea how soon Xavier would return. The only point that stung Victoria was the fact that they wouldn’t grow old together. 
“Your relationship with Xavier will only be for a short time. The day you exhibit one wrinkle-just one, it’ll be all over,” Gabriella warned. 
“Then I guess we’ll just have to take what we can get-whether it’s ten, twenty or thirty years. That’s more love than some people find in their entire lives. You see, we lesser beings have to settle for what we can actually get out of life so why don’t we just let him decide.”
There was a pause as Gabriella starred at her with distain. She unlocked the door by twitching her head to the side. Her tiger walked over to her and waited by her side. Victoria was terrified, but refused to look at the big cat. Instead, she looked Gabriella straight in the eyes and never turned away. 
“Have it your way, I can wait. Even if takes a hundred years I’ll still be here for him long after you’re dead and buried.” 
“Then I guess I’d better leave him a part of me he’ll always remember,” Victoria replied. 
Gabriella glared at her with an antagonistic grin and then departed. She was unable to intimidate Victoria. For an ordinary female she demonstrated extraordinary resolve, courage and fortitude in the midst of people who attempted to make her feel less than human because she didn’t possess their abilities. As for Xavier, he successfully defied the Royal Council. He also made them and the others re-think some of their laws concerning outsiders. After centuries of living in his family’s isolationism and upholding their traditions, he chartered a new course driven by a conviction that not even his mother could altar.
	He gave the good news to Victoria even though many were displeased that she was living among them for the moment. Kerri was upset, but powerless to change what had taken place. They had grown selfish and arrogant to an extent. They wanted to live in the new millennium, yet, cut themselves off completely without any type of interaction with people who weren’t like them. However, they were willing to use anyone as an associate if they benefitted from their effort in battles against their enemies. This was their blindest mistake. They couldn’t have it both ways. Either they were going to deal with outsiders on occasions concerning all types of matters or they weren’t. They couldn’t pick and choose when their code applied, and that’s what Xavier had a problem with. He believed that immortality was a big waste if a person didn’t have someone or a cause so dear that they would die fighting for that person or the principals of that cause. Other than their effort to destroy every Visigoth that breathed, they had no cause. Teaching and understanding decent, ordinary humans was just as sacred as understanding their own lives as far as he was concerned. He believed people who were oppressed and too weak to defend themselves deserved to be helped, whether they were immortals or not. However, he couldn’t change his family’s belief that interacting with regular people tainted all immortals. 
	A week passed as Victoria mostly stayed in her part of the palace. Alexis explained to her how fortunate she was that Xavier put himself on the line for her. She also warned her that she had better be worth the risk. What everyone was so mystified about was why Dwayne wanted her dead.
As the Nokovic family was just finishing up breakfast, Jefferson, a member of the Skeletons and one of Xavier’s security men, approached and told them to check the media outlets. A special report concerning them was all over the news. Alexis and the others turned on the large screen television in the living room. Mayor Fritz called a press conference to inform the public about a threat to their national security and their basic safety. He announced that a new gothic group was settled in New Holland.  In a prepared speech, he stated that they were a threat to the civility of the country. He claimed they were behind the string of fire bombings across the city. As a result, he requested help from the federal government in the form of military action. After his speech, Olenhoff stepped up to the podium. He reiterated Mayor Fritz’s accusations with a few additions. 
He announced that the Ostrogoths were public enemy number one. Furthermore, his top advisors were in the process of drafting a plan to erase them from society. He said there were good and evil Goths. No surprise that he designated the Visigoths as the good guys. He expected a fight from the Nokovics. They were wealthy beyond belief. He went on to say that military troops and equipment would be brought in to remove them from the city, beginning with the seizure of all their property. He refused to give a timetable but promised action at the proper time.  As the camera panned out, Alexis saw Dwayne standing among city officials.  He was responsible for the lies and what was about to happen. He had Olenhoff in his pocket and used his power to get the government to do his dirty work. As they did in the past under King Theodoric, they had to fight a war with two enemies at once, the federal military and their counter parts. 
	Alexis immediately went into overdrive, but never panicked. Her kind hardly ever lost control. Their longevity and immortality gave them reason to remain that way. She ordered all of her soldiers to the palace and had twenty-four hour guards around her properties all over the city. She didn’t care what the government threatened. She gave instructions to all six hundred thousand of her people to destroy anyone that moved against them, especially if the children were in harm’s way. Olenhoff underestimated the Nokovic Empire. Unbeknownst to him, they had weapons with unbelievable destructive power stock piled to stop any land and air assault. 
Anthony saw his chance to win points with Alexis and her forgiveness. He believed if he approached Dwayne and raised the idea of the reunification of all the Goths he would be a hero. Anthony also believed he could enlist his help in assassinating the entire Royal Council, which included Jacqueline, his own mother. That’s how black his soul had become. He was so driven by power and earthly glory that he was planning to murder the very woman who gave him life. So he played the snake that he was while he kept his insanity in check long enough to pull off his scheme. He asked to speak with Alexis in private after they took all the necessary precautions for what was going to be hell in the city of New Holland.
	Alexis put aside some time to speak with him but was in no mood to hear complaints about Xavier. On the contrary, he claimed he had an idea on how to get them out of the mess they were in. She listened with interest. First, he apologized repeatedly for his behavior during her sessions. She warned that if he ever repeated such behavior she would punish and then strip him bare of his royal status. His plan needed approval from the Royal Council before he approached Dwayne. He claimed that they could be one gothic nation again if she and Dwayne would put away the past and move forward. He gave her reasons why they should try. Anthony knew the contempt Alexis had for Dwayne because he was responsible for Nadia’s death. He shrugged off her feelings and pointed out that no matter what she did, Nadia wasn’t coming back. 
She sat back and rested her head on the tip of her finger. She was insulted, but didn’t let on. She was on the earth fourteen centuries before he was born. There was no sight she hadn’t seen or any lie she hadn’t heard. What made him think that he could con her into believing that his only concern was for the welfare of her kingdom? Did he really think that she was that stupid? Did he really believe he was that smart? She played along and agreed to his request to attempt to broker a peace deal. She maintained a façade and kept her true motives to herself and shared only shared them with Kerri and Xavier after she gave the issue some thought. 
She could look at a person and read their mind. She was that perceptive. She was fed up with Anthony. For years, she kept Xavier from destroying him for the sake of Jacqueline. But when she looked into his eyes, his mind and soul she knew he was a lost cause. She was disappointed and heartbroken at the same time. She saw the same treachery and betrayal in his face that she saw in Dwayne’s when he approached her uncle and king, Justinian late in the 3rd century. Because of that, she washed her hands of him. She knew he would never be happy just being superhuman. He had to be number one. For that, he had to eliminate Xavier. She loved Anthony. Unfortunately for him, she loved her son a whole lot more. 
Alexis put restrictions on Anthony’s appointed position. He could be the Broker, but Xavier would be the chief authority and overseer of the entire process. From that point on she decided to let Xavier have his way in matters concerning Anthony. She gave him a list of handpicked advisors that formed the official delegation of her administration. Anthony was given the green light to contact the Valdis family as long as they agreed to hold the peace talks in a neutral location bordering the city’s east and west boundary line. She gave Anthony one last order. He was not allowed to meet or talk with anyone else about reunification.  The only time he could speak with them was during an official meeting with the delegation present. Even then, he could only talk as much as Xavier allowed him to. After the meeting, she filled Xavier and Kerri in on the new so-called direction the Nokovic family was taking. Alexis and Xavier sometimes dove into issues that made their relationship thick for a few days or even weeks. Still, when push came to shove they were always there for each other.
	Meanwhile, Garrison had played his cards right. Using the Saldano family helped him expose the mysterious cause responsible for the deaths of so many would-be assassins, even though he was still faceless. Garrison was in such disbelief of what he saw that incredible evening that he sped away, went home, and immediately drank uncontrollably just to calm his nerves. He, like all the others who saw and heard Xavier’s power, was too scared to leave their homes the next day. They were spooked. They didn’t know what he was. They came up with a thousand and one explanations to convince themselves there was a logical reason for what they witnessed. For a while, they may have forgotten that the world that once turned was under a different atmosphere-a gothic atmosphere. Sometimes in subtle, or not so subtle ways, it was a world where people and powers reared their heads when years before, they would have remained hidden.
To bolster his false charges, Garrison had one of his men film the entire event and then spliced the tape to fit the time and the lie he concocted. He showed the footage to Martinique. There they were, the Saldano crew all on tape going into Victoria’s building. He added believability to his account by claiming the mobsters were killed by his fellow agents during a shootout in their efforts to protect Victoria. Now, Martinique didn’t have to worry about Victoria’s safety as much because she believed the threat was eliminated. His plan worked. She took Dwayne off her radar as the number one threat to Victoria, whom she decided to meet with to discuss the circumstances. 
Garrison took Martinique by the hand and promised her that he would never let any harm come to Victoria. This made her feel relieved. The lies he spanned gave her peace of mind. He just wanted to draw out her protector. He was afraid but he had no choice. He had already taken the job and if he didn’t see it through Marc would drop him under a steamroller. He could only surmise that he was a warlock of some kind with powers beyond description. New Holland had a number of them. He couldn’t have been further from the truth.  Just for good measure, Martinique had the Saldano establishments and their homes raided.     
	For Anthony to approach the Valdis family and offer to become allies made the Nokovics look weak. And why not-Dwayne flexed his muscle and devised a way to attack them with the aid of a corrupt government. Alexis allowed herself to appear that way. When he received a call from Anthony he had no idea who he was, but he listened to what he had to say. The more he talked, the more Dwayne liked him and his ideas. Anthony was a snake like him and two snakes often look for partners to slither around on the ground with. He pitched his best arguments for reunification. During their first conversation, Anthony over stepped his authority. He assured Dwayne that he could deliver on all his promises when their respective delegations met. Alexis expected him to do just that. 
He promised to help Dwayne become the king of all the Goths if he was appointed prince. They both continued to secretly discuss the terms. Anthony placed calls away from the estate-mostly from inside his car. He didn’t expect to be followed but he knew someone would hear his every word if he talked at home. He made deals for the family and for himself and Dwayne finally saw a way to get rid of his arch enemy once and for all. He realized a war that involved the military and two major factions of immortals would cause more destruction. The daily death toll would be enormous. He couldn’t make money with tanks rolling down the streets and guns blazing all over the place. In addition, the danger of innocent casualties due to a decision he made would backfire on him. Olenhoff could easily blame him and the entire Valdis family for issuing bad advice, and consequently, use him as a sacrificial lamb if a grieving public turned against his administration. Dwayne liked this way best-a peaceful way to bring about an end to Alexis and her power. 

CHAPTER THIRTEEN
	After a week of setting up the issues for the prospect of reunification, a meeting between the two delegations was scheduled for March 1st at 3:00pm. There was an old gothic church that was no longer in use on Brewster Place-in the heart of downtown. The property was in the process of being sold. The Valdis delegation arrived first. They entered and surveyed the inside. Colt and a few of the Skeletons arrived later. There was a tall, majestic chair, which he and another friend grabbed before Xavier entered the edifice. He wanted to make sure he had the best and tallest seat at the conference. Tables and chairs were set up and checked carefully by each group. The Valdis top representative was Daniel, Dwayne’s son from one of his many relationships. They sat with their feet up on the tables and smoked cigars as a sign of disrespect and establishing their dominance. Colt and the others removed their chairs away from the table and refused to sit directly across from them. The doors of the church were closed and locked as two Valdis security men stood outside and guarded the entrance. No one could get in or out without being seen. 
“Where is your prince?”Daniel demanded from Anthony. 
“Be patient, he‘ll be here.” 
Without his participation, no agreement would be official. The mood inside took on an ancient and mystical feel. The lighting was very dim. The brightest ceiling lights were at the front of the church. Suddenly, Xavier appeared out of the darkness behind the altar. Everyone, included Anthony, was surprised. He stood in front of his chair and looked down on all those seated at the table. The doors were locked and guarded, which made the Valdis men wonder how he got inside without being seen. He was dressed to kill as his pants neatly disappeared into the top of his tall boots. The light glared off the front metal plates that lined the front of them. He had on a black mask that only revealed his eyes. He looked as though he was there to make war instead of peace. Right on cue, Colt and another Skeleton instinctively moved his chair up behind him. He sat down immediately and flung his long, coat tail over his leg and rudely addressed Daniel. 
“State your case-Mr. Valdis.” 
Those who were smoking cigars with their cocky attitude put them out and snapped to attention at the tone of Xavier’s voice. They could see that he was no joke. They had discussions on a variety of issues that needed to be resolved before any type of reconciliation could take place. Xavier had no intentions of going all the way with their nonsense. He was only playing along for his Alexis to see what Anthony was up to. Tensions mounted when Daniel exhibited some false bravado and made demands on Alexis herself. He was a young punk who was way out of his league when time came to deal with the big boys like Xavier and Colt. Anthony attempted to smooth the atmosphere during the conference but to no avail. Progress took a bad turn when issues concerning the Nokovic family surfaced. The reunification pact called for Dwayne to become king and undisputed ruler of all Goths. Alexis had to step down as queen. Xavier patiently listened to them for nearly an hour about their plans and how they would implement their new rules. He wasn’t a patient individual and near the end he finally lost his. He threw their papers to the floor and stomped his foot on them as a rejection to all their proposals. 
	He refused to go any further and informed them that they wanted peace but as equals-not servants. His strongest point was made in defense of Alexis, who Daniel claimed had to submit herself to Dwayne to prove her loyalty. 
“We bow to no one,” Xavier growled.
 “Oh really-you bow to your mother as the queen,” Daniel smirked. 
After a pause, Xavier slowly walked down the steps of the altar and stopped directly across the table in front of Daniel. 
“I may bow to my mother, but she bows to no one.” 
“Then you’ll be wiped off the face of the earth. And trust me, when that day comes, she will bow to my father, my brother and me.” 
Those were words he never should have spoken. Without any warning, Xavier leapt on top of the table and simultaneously drew two sixteen inch hand axes from his side holders. Before Daniel had a chance to even think about reacting, Xavier swung and sliced him horizontally from ear to ear. The top half of his head slide off. His lifeless body fell across the table and then onto the floor. 
“NO!” Anthony screamed. 
He watched his immediate plans go down the drain along with Daniel’s blood. Xavier’s rage over flowed at the thought of anyone, especially a Visigoth, speaking about his mother in such a degrading way. Even Colt, who was accustomed to seeing Xavier under control, was shocked at his spontaneous outburst. He stood on the table and dared someone else to make a move. The Valdis delegation froze.  Any man brave or crazy enough to kill Dwayne’s son was dangerous enough to take care of his representatives.
 “Seeing as how we’re already in church, maybe you’d like to have his funeral now. I don’t really care,” Xavier sneered. “You tell your leader, or boss or whoever he is that if he wants to send another delegation for peace talks just let us know.”
He hopped back down off the table with the grace of a giant cat and headed for the front door. His men followed except one. Before exiting, he turned around.
 “Are you Coming Anthony?”
 He was confused and still in disbelief. He had no choice. If he stayed, his people would wonder why and become suspicious. If he left, the Valdis men would think he was in on Daniel’s death.  Xavier opened the doors and warned the two security men outside.
 “They might need you inside. The head of your delegation just lost his.”
 They hurried in and discovered what had taken place but by then Xavier and the others were gone. 
	Anthony was incensed when he arrived back at the estate. He made quite a ruckus when he got home. As he spoke with one of his friends, he cursed the day Xavier was born and called him every nasty name that came to mind. He later complained to Alexis and accused him of purposely sabotaging the meeting. She agreed that Xavier’s temper got the best of him once in a while but he had the right to defend her honor. When he told that he might be suspected of setting Daniel up, she surprised him by granting permission to perhaps contact Dwayne and explain that he had no part in the matter. She enjoyed watching Anthony stew. He had no idea that Xavier, Kerri and Alexis were working together. The three closed ranks and trusted no one with their safety. His desire to rule made him practically insane. He had to make the situation right. He was worried that Dwayne would try to kill him without listening to his side of the story. So he phoned him and explained the entire break down at the meeting. At first, Dwayne’s first impulse was to even the score. Instead, he scheduled a second, secret meeting. He instructed him to come alone. He wanted him to prove his loyalty but refused to discuss specifics over the phone. Whatever Dwayne had in mind meant bad news for his adversaries.
	Unlike most immortals, Neal Sevita was from Seattle, Washington, another large and predominantly gothic metropolis. He left the states because he was a direct descendent of gothic relatives from New Holland, which was also the home of his grandparents. There were countless Ostrogoths all over the world. Many scattered at the urging of Alexis to assure that her sect would continue.  He wanted to be around those who were more like him. She assigned him to conduct surveillance on Anthony. Events began to connect, which would build to a final, climatic end. The very next evening following the first conference, Anthony slipped out of the palace around midnight unnoticed-so he believed.     
	He understood that his movements may have been observed, but that was a chance he had to take. He jumped into his car and drove off as inconspicuous as possible. He arrived at a winery factory near the bustling uptown water front. He went inside and headed downstairs. Below, there was a huge underground building where wine, loud machinery and other products were stored. There were also dark, eerie passages that lead to other exits to the streets. He waited for a few minutes. He knew Dwayne had already arrived because like his fellow immortals, the usual warning sensation traveled through his body indicating the presence of their opposites. To his surprise, Dwayne wasn’t there. Marc showed up in his place and he was angry. However, he also knew that being a rival immortal from a different sect meant that Anthony was naturally stronger and harder to kill. Besides, he still needed someone inside the Nokovic family who could provide information. Marc had two of his men search him for weapons. As always, Anthony couldn’t bring any firearms, but was allowed to carry other sharp weaponry like short swords and a machete. Once he was searched and cleared, the men took his weapons and gave them to Marc who in turn, laid them on the top of a testing table out of reach. They agreed that Xavier wasn’t going to be easy to set up for elimination. Anthony inadvertently mentioned that maybe he could use their mortal guest to distract him. When he noted that the attempt on her life was foiled three times, Marc snapped to attention. As Anthony complained about her presence, he mentioned her name. Marc was taken aback and wondered how Anthony knew so much about her. They hadn’t been able to locate her since he had enlisted Garrison’s help. His eyes grew wide with wicked excitement. 
“You mean to tell me that she’s been at your home all this time?!” he barked.
“Not by my choice. My cousin has a thing for this girl. I think he’s in love with her. In fact, I’m sure of it,” 
“You fool you. You’ve had the key to your cousin’s destruction all along and didn’t even know it,” Marc snapped. 
“Why is this girl so important to you?” 
“Let’s just say that my brother died too soon,” marc responded.  “My father and I want the woman responsible for his death to suffer the same way we have.” 
“Who is this woman?” 
“Martinique Brawlazinski-the girl your cousin is protecting is her daughter.” 
He paused and then lamented. 
“The girl means nothing to us. She’s just an unfortunate tool we want to use to inflict pain onto her mother. In order for us to do that she has to die. You know the game-an eye for an eye. My twin brother was killed by her and her federal police. No one, least of all a mortal, murders my brother without paying the price.” 
“How do we do this?” Anthony begged. 
Marc went silent, folded his arms and paced around the darkened wine cellar in a circle for a while. He sat down on one of the crates and supplied an answer. 
“It’s so simple that not even your mighty leader will be able to stop us.” 
	He laid the plan out in detail to Anthony. He realized that they had gone about hurting Martinique the wrong way. They attempted to kill Victoria when they should have tried a different approach after the first attempt failed. This time, they were going after Martinique herself. However, he insisted that she was not to be killed; only hurt bad enough to get Victoria to surface. Once she did, Garrison would take care of the rest. Because of Anthony’s incompetence, Marc demanded that he demonstrate his loyalty. If he didn’t, he would never receive their assistance to help eliminate the Royal Council. Anthony was charged with taking care of Martinique. He would be the key component in assisting in Victoria’s demise. After finalizing a few more details, the two shook hands as Anthony sold his soul for the sake of power.
	Before Marc departed, he instructed Anthony to wait five minutes and then leave. He didn’t trust anyone and that included Anthony. He took precautions when he met with him because he didn’t want to end up like Daniel. Interestingly enough, He was more angered over Daniel’s death as an immortal rather than a brother. Dwayne loved him, but not the way he loved Marc and Jeremy. He was too ambitious for his their taste. The twins shared the same parents-Daniel didn’t, and they never really wanted him living in their home. Marc was shocked when his men brought back Daniel’s corpse but he had a big mouth. He wasn’t as tough as he wanted everyone to think.
	Anthony grabbed his weapons and fastened them to his tactic jacket underneath his coat. He took a few steps to leave and then halted. His warning sensation went off again. That did’' make any sense. Marc had already left. He looked all around the cellar and saw no one. 
“Jumpy aren’t we?” A voice echoed in from somewhere in the dark.
He turned around quickly to see who spoke. Neal revealed himself. He was confidently leaning against a crate with his foot up on another with a little grin on his face. He had heard their entire discussion and Anthony knew that. He was surprised and panic stricken. He knew that Neal would spill what he heard. Anthony attempted to bribe him with a higher position in the new gothic order. Neal refused. He was loyal to the point of death. Not only that, he was a Skeleton. Anthony was a Shadow so the two never got along. He told Anthony that he was finished and when his family found out they would track him down like a dog and kill him. Anthony didn’t attempt to use the Nokovic name to threaten him. He knew Alexis would take Neal’s word over his. He had never killed one of his own people, but now, he was faced with exposure. If that happened, Anthony knew his life would be worthless. There was no way he could allow Neal to live. He pulled out a Tang, Ninja machete, which he easily hid on him because he was tall. Neal, not intimidated in the least, approached. He had the approval to execute Anthony if he attempted any hostile actions.
	A battle was on for Anthony’s secret alliance with the most hated enemies of his people. He twisted the machete with accuracy and talent as he swung repeatedly at Neal who used two eighteen inch war daggers. There was no time to reach his pistols due to Anthony’s sudden and rapid attack. When he finally did, he fired. Anthony darted out the cellar and fled down the one of the halls that led to the streets. Neal pursued, but lost him momentarily. He held his gun in front of him-ready to fire. Unexpectedly, the light above him shattered. Anthony swung out from an opening along the cellar wall and kicked Neal to the ground. He lost his gun. He got back to his feet and used his knife to counter Anthony, who attacked with savagery. Perspiration formed on his face as he and Neal battled on. He managed to cut Anthony badly on his upper arm. But the longer they fought, the more the confrontation revealed that Neal, although strong, was no match for Anthony. After a flurry of fast swings and moves that kept him off balanced, Neal was cornered. As a result, one hand got caught and locked between the wall and Anthony’s machete. He quickly snuck his other sword out with his free hand. He swung and cut Neal across the throat. The wound was so deep that his voice box was severed. He dropped one of his daggers and grabbed his throat. He coughed and gagged as he struggled for air. He then broke Neal’s wrist as his second dagger fell to the ground. Anthony swung once again and cut Neal’s throat even deeper. Blood gushed out as he fell to the floor. There may have been too much damage to avoid bleeding to death. To make certain, he located Neal’s gun a few feet away. He stood over him and fired six times into his head, which ended his life for sure. He had Neal’s blood on his coat, his face and even worse, his hands. He cleaned his weapons quickly so there would be no sign of a fight. He couldn’t afford to let his family find out he was a killer of his own kind-an act punishable by death.
	He drove back to the estate and tried to hide all indications of his crime. He burned his clothes and took a shower. In the new age of the millennium, he knew if an investigation was ordered he would be subject to the same forensic science for criminal pursuit as any other mortal. They were law abiding, but they also policed themselves. With trillions of dollars at her disposal, Alexis could order any test for any investigation if she needed to get to the truth. 
Neal’s body was discovered by a winery employee who notified the authorities. They found an emergency contact on him. Colt handled such matters for all their warriors, regardless of which squad they belonged to. He took care of the needs for Neal’s funeral and burial. His immediate family lived in Seattle and wanted him there. Alexis ordered a grand service for him. His killer also attended. They couldn’t prove Anthony was involved and they couldn’t be sure a Valdis killed him. Alexis had grown to love him like one of the family and that’s why she allowed him to live in the palace, which he loved. Colt promised his family that they would discover who his killer or killers were and destroy them. Six days after Neal’s death, his mother, accompanied by her remaining children, boarded a black and silver jet to take her beloved son home to Seattle. Xavier provided a large host of Skeletons to accompany them and ordered them to remain at their side until the investigation into his death was complete.
While people dealt with their grief, Olenhoff proposed the seizure of the Nokovic bank accounts. Fortunately, they possessed funds all over the globe, and even owned a string of banks under different names. To break them financially would be impossible. He figured if he did what amounted to high financial piracy then they would have no choice but to leave the country. He had a majority in the House of Commons, but he still had to be careful and take some of these issues to them very slowly. Not all of his supporters felt the same away about the Nokovic Empire as he did. They believed in curtailing their perceived threat to the nation, but didn’t agree with him about using military force. For that, he needed a two-thirds majority to get approval to conduct a personal war against a group when one charge hadn’t been brought against them in any court in the country or the world for that matter. 
 The third week of March rolled around and Victoria and Martinique had only seen each other a few times under heavy guard.  She didn’t dare tell Martinique what she discovered. They argued on occasion because she wanted Victoria to remain under the security of her agency. Victoria’s refusal to do so stung her pride as a professional law officer. But they were the reason she was nearly killed-unbeknownst to both of them. Xavier already knew who was trying to kill her but didn’t know why. Martinique knew about the Valdis like everyone else. Victoria just wasn’t aware that her mother knew. This was a time of great danger and they became more volatile with the passing of each month. 
Martinique felt that she had kept Victoria in the dark about her past long enough. She had reason to-especially since one part of her life wasn’t much to be proud of. When she was in the experimental stage of her youth, she became involved with Dwayne. She later fell in love with him and his bad boy persona.  Unlike immortals, Dwayne didn’t have rules disallowing relationships with mortals. They dated and married regular men and women without a second thought. When the problem of human aging surfaced, their spouses were simply put out to pasture. Dwayne’s people simply moved on to someone younger. 
	As time passed, she became deeply entangled within his family although she never committed any crimes. She was practically accepted as one of them to a degree. She witnessed their corruption, murders and knew some of their secrets. Finally, she decided to leave him. Unfortunately, she knew too much and therefore, became a liability to them. Sensing her own death was imminent; she fled New Holland and disappeared. She changed her name immediately. Later that same year, she gave birth to Victoria. She claimed the father was an old boyfriend. She started a new life, which included law enforcement. She advanced in her profession and decades later, returned with a vengeance to destroy the family that was going to rub her out. 
Victoria was staggered when she learned of Martinique’s past. She in turn, was equally astounded when Victoria confessed to staying with the immortals. Xavier agreed to let her tell Martinique because she wanted her mother to know that all immortals were not the same. By watching the mayor’s Press Conference on television, Martinique learned of a second gothic faction but didn’t know they were immortals. Regardless, her goal was to destroy all immortals. This sent Victoria into a fury. She revealed how Xavier had saved her life on three occasions. She also revealed her love for him and how he promised to stand by her side.  But Martinique insisted that the Saldano crime family was behind the attempts on her life. If that was the case, Xavier knew they didn’t act alone. But discovering how Martinique felt about his type, he kept this information to himself. There was nothing to gain by telling her.
	On Friday evening, Martinique met with her state attorneys. She was finalizing her cases against not only the Prime Minister, but all of his criminal connections. She took the attempt on Victoria’s life very personal. She was enraged and swore to take down the Saldano crime family and the Valdis Empire one way or another. That was reaching a bit even for her. Regardless, destroying immortals was a cause she believed was worth risking her life for. Garrison made sure he stayed close to her. She locked up her office after her meeting. The state attorneys obtained warrants, subpoenas and other legal papers for hundreds of indictments. When all was said and done this was shaping up as a war between the government police under Olenhoff and the public police force under Martinique. She was relieved that in just a couple of days, raids on the Valdis family were going to take place all over the city. 
She chatted as she and a few of her agents took the elevator downstairs. They exited the building and stood in front and conversed. She stood with her back to the street. They talked loud in order to hear each other above the city noise of sirens, police whistles and horns that honked non-stop in traffic. Suddenly, the front door glass of the building shattered. The agents instinctively ducked and pulled their guns. Amongst all the commotion, Martinique slowly fell to the ground-cut down by a sniper from across the street. The bullet struck her in the right lung. The man who committed this act of violence was none other than Anthony himself. Now, his loyalty couldn’t be questioned. She was conscious for a short while, and then passed out. Her wound was enough to incapacitate her, but not kill her, which is exactly why Anthony used a small caliber bullet. Her agents called every available member of their police department in an effort to surround the perimeter and apprehend the shooter. People on the busy streets gathered to watch the excitement. Police cars, fire emergency units and ambulances arrived on the scene. They rushed Martinique to St. George hospital. Garrison played his role as the caring officer to the hilt. He received permission to assist in the investigation of her shooting. Agents from her department filled the hospital as the news of her shooting circulated. The hospital was a stream of activity with friends and supporters. They may or may not have all agreed with her stance against the Prime Minister, but many of them were all lawmen. They knew that an attack of such violence against one officer in any form-anywhere, meant that same type of assault could easily happen to them. 
The hospital was surrounded by hundreds of her agents. New Holland employed over two hundred thousand city police officers, the second largest in the world. They were split between their loyalty and duty to a fellow officer and their service and commitment to enforcing the mayor’s ordinances and biased laws. However, many of them had heavy hearts when they were informed that Martinique had to remain unconsciousness after surviving hours of surgery. Her doctors held a Press Conference and informed the public that it was anyone’s guess when, or if she ever regained consciousness. 
	The Nokovic family kept a close eye on the media to keep up with what was happening. When Alexis received the news about Victoria’s mother, all the ill feelings she harbored against ordinary humans slipped by the way side-much to her surprise. She remembered how she felt when people she loved were suddenly gone. For the first time in centuries she understood that a loss was a loss. Hers was no greater than the one Victoria would suffer if her mother died.  She found Victoria in her room actually playing with Max. Before Alexis spoke, she could tell by her face the news was bad. Alexis gave the details of Martinique’s shooting. At first, Victoria went into a quiet shock. She looked around the room and up to the ceiling as she placed her fingers lightly over her lips. Her breathing sped up. Max, sensing she was in distress, came over and rubbed his head against her leg and just sat by her. She placed her other hand on the top of his head and sat with a blank stare on her face. Alexis expressed how sorry she was. She hadn’t touched a mortal since her husband. She walked over close and stood opposite Max. She caressed her hair as tears flowed down Victoria’s face. As only a mother would do, she took her by the head, pulled her against her waist and embraced her. In response, Victoria put her arms around Alexis and wept. 
No one could turn back the clock on what had taken place. But Alexis, whose heart, arrogance and thought process concerning mortals had changed, offered to have Xavier take her to her Martinique.  One of the agents under Martinique contacted Victoria as next of kin and updated her on the situation. They offered to come and get her, but she refused.
	Xavier also received the terrible news. Colt gathered two hundred Skeletons for Xavier and readied them for an escort to St. George’s hospital-the same hospital Victoria was on leave from with permission from the Chief of Staff. When she arrived, Xavier and his men took her through a back entrance that was less crowded. The police noticed the long line of black vehicles that rode up but didn’t know who they were. They walked down the hall hand in hand. Meanwhile, Garrison, who was downstairs, was appointed to oversee her security. He prepared a unit to take Martinique to a safer location when she became healthy enough to travel. The police stood watch in front of her door. However, they were pretty threatened by so many men dressed in black coats who didn’t talk.  The longer they stood outside the door of Martinique’s room eyeing the police, the more freaked the officers became. One officer turned and whispered to his partner. 
“I know we’re guarding the Chief, but whatever you do don’t make any sudden moves. These guys look like gate keepers of some kind of evil empire.” 
Victoria told both officers that the men with her were her protection. She entered in alone and saw her Martinique lying in bed with tubes hooked up to her body. The room was quiet and the noise from the many devices used to stabilize her was haunting. She sat down and held her hand. The two never got along without periodical stretches of spats over one issue or another but that was how their relationship was. Still, they loved each other as much as any mother and daughter possibly could. Victoria sat and watched her for over half an hour. During that time, she talked to Martinique as she lay unconscious. She poured out her grief and professed how sorry she was for all their constant bickering. She also promised to never leave her side. Xavier could’ve easily listened in but respected her privacy.
	The Skeletons stood silently in the corridor. An agent named William Dominica approached and said he was going to speak with Victoria. Xavier and Colt stepped in front of him. He immediately put his hands up. The two inspired fear because people knew they would kill in an instant to protect someone they cared about. Victoria gave the ok for him to enter. Agent Dominica worked directly under Garrison. He explained that Martinique’s life would be in jeopardy as long as her whereabouts were known. He explained that Garrison was in charge of their safety but she had the final say. 
 Agent Dominica wanted to move Martinique to an undisclosed location. For the moment, she decided to follow his advice because she knew her mother was a sitting target in a hospital. Except, her decision was the worst one she could have made. Doctors advised against moving Martinique. The FLED agents promised to move her to a secret facility-equipped with all her medical needs. She agreed. She exited the room as agent Dominica gave Garrison the good news. 
Xavier didn’t hear her conversation, but the look on her face told him all he needed to know. They both realized that under the circumstances that anywhere her mother went she had to go also. She didn’t have much time. She told the doctors to prepare her Martinique for transport. Xavier feared he would lose her and in a way, he did. She pulled him aside in the corridor and talked with him for a while. She was under a lot of stress and he didn’t want to add more by being selfish. He loved her more than any woman he could remember. For now, this was there good bye and he hated goodbyes. 
	They kissed and held each other. The pain they felt when they had to let go was unbearable. 
“Just watch, you’re going to forget me,” she said in attempt to lessen their suffering. 
“I have an eternity to remember.” He kissed her once. 
“Since I don’t know exactly when I’ll see you again, I guess it’s ok to remind you how much I love you,” she expressed. 
“I know,” he replied. “I’m just sorry I won’t be able to tell you the same for a while.” 
He was not a mushy individual, but he told her once how much he loved her. She knew he meant that. He worried about her inferior police protection so he made sure she understood that even though no one could know where she was, he appointed Colt and another Skeleton to guard her until she gave them instructions to the contrary. 
He kissed her one last time and whispered in her ear. 
“Thank you for reminding me of what life really is.” 
She held his face in her hands as tears flowed over her eyes. 
“It’ll only be for a little while,” she promised. “When this is over, I’ll be back.” 
He slowly stepped back as her hands slid from his face. 
“Goodbye,” he said softy.
 He started the long walk toward the exit.
She watched him in anguish as long as she could. She started back to her Martinique’s room. Before she turned the corner she looked back to see him once more, but he was gone. The man she adored exited her life as suddenly as he entered.
	Late in the night hours, as she slept in the chair next to Martinique’s bed, Garrison walked in and introduced himself. He informed her that he was in charge of the transport process. He promised her in four or five months they could return. She put her trust in him. He seemed so polite and so concerned. She saw no reason not to. He was Martinique’s right hand man. Before day break surfaced, he urged her to go home and pack as many items as she needed. He promised to personally accompany her along with forty heavily armed agents. Although inferior, even she felt safe with so many armed men. She told Colt that she would be fine and that he could leave. He wished her well, which made her feel good. Colt wasn’t fond of her at first. But, like Alexis and other immortals that spent time around her, he discovered that she was just a good person and good for Xavier-their age difference notwithstanding. Garrison and his men escorted her downstairs on route to her apartment. The plan was to bring her back to the hospital and then take her and Martinique to the new location.
	Colt’s instincts told him that he wasn’t too sure she would be safe with her new security detail. As an unknown initiative, he and his fellow men sat inside their car further down the street. They watched her get into a sedan with Garrison and three other agents. They rode off down the busy avenue. A line of black cars and SUV’s led and followed.  Colt sped off behind them in their black sedan. He kept an eye on Victoria’s car as best he could. Out of the blue, all the cars split up and turned down different streets. They lost sight of her car in the traffic. Colt became alarmed. He picked a car and followed. Most of them looked identical and he was unable to locate hers amongst all the confusion. He called Xavier and informed him of the agents’ weird behavior. He didn’t want to overreact or think the worst. For all he knew that was just a tactic they used in case they were tailed by someone. Besides, Victoria could call Xavier at anytime and he’d be there. 
	She didn’t realize that she wasn’t going home. She sat in the back between agents Dominica and Garrison. Two others were up front. She knew the way home-they were headed in a different direction. She asked Garrison why they detoured off the streets that led to her apartment. 
“We’re taking you to a safe place-now be quiet.” 
At that instant she knew she was in serious trouble. She was too afraid to attempt to contact Xavier by texting or calling. They would’ve snatched her cell out of her hand. As the ride continued, a barrage of thoughts rushed through her mind. Now, their actions became clear. The men that were suppose to guard her from the very beginning were the ones who were trying to kill her. She was nervous and worried. 
They finally arrived at the cities busy train yard, which was adjacent to the largest camera manufacturing plant in the city. The plant was open twenty-four hours a day, but Garrison and his men drove her to an area that was being renovated. The car stopped. He ordered her out. Agent Dominica grabbed her violently by the arm and yanked her out of the back seat in true bully fashion. She yelled out in pain. He held onto her extremely tight so she couldn’t run away. They took her into an empty section. A few work lights hung from the ceiling beams. Agent Doyle, the third corrupt officer in the bunch, reached into the pockets of the beige sweater she had on. He pulled out her cell phone and tossed the device to Agent Dominica. She knew then that she was going to die. She was terrified, but not for the reasons they thought. Garrison slowly unbuttoned his blazer, unhooked his holster and pulled out his gun. 
She immediately covered her face and burst loudly into tears. He was unmoved. “Come on now-no use in crying. We all have to play the hand we’re dealt. This one is yours.” 
Without any hesitation he pulled the trigger three times and struck her in the torso. The impact knocked her backwards. She struggled to breathe while she lay on the cold, damp concrete floor. The sweater she was murdered in was the same one she used to slow Xavier’s bleeding on the night she saved his life. Garrison calmly approached and stood over her. A few seconds later she took one last breath and then she was gone. The fourth henchman, Agent Booth was apprehensive about the consequences for the cold blooded murder of an innocent girl who hadn’t harmed anyone. Garrison’s plan was almost complete. With Victoria dead, he put the final phase of his plan into action for the Valdis family. He called Dwayne and informed him in much coded language that he succeeded where others had failed. Dwayne looked up and smiled with relief. His revenge was complete and his evil soul was content. Garrison hung up the phone and ordered his men to take her body to a second car he had previously parked there for this purpose.
Xavier and Colt discussed the events, but were unsure of whether to interfere in a situation that she was in favor of. If he made a move that caused more trouble for her he would be the blame. He didn’t want to bring anymore unnecessary heat on them by being accused of interfering with the police’s protection of a citizen. That night, he was sleepless. He dreamed of the day she’d be back at the palace making him feel alive as no one else could. Unbeknownst to him, she was gone from his world as suddenly as she had entered it. 
 
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
	The night Victoria died Xavier was restless. He rolled out of bed, walked over to the window and stared at the city skyline. He wondered where she was. He hoped she would call but again, he felt selfish thinking that way. He told himself that all her attention had to be given to her mother and their situation. There was a soft knock at his door. He stepped into the living room and gave the person permission to enter. Kerri had come to check on him. She knew he was feeling down. He stepped back into the bedroom and relaxed across his bed. She sat near him on the edge. She tried to comfort him with small talk. He admitted that even though Victoria promised to come back, he was afraid their goodbye was final. He believed Martinique would use her ordeal to guilt trip Victoria into avoiding immortals all together, no matter how good they were. They discussed the entire affair from start to end. Afterward, she summed up her opinion on the matter. 
“Well, look at this way. It’s probably for the best. She would have grown old and then you would’ve had real problems on your hand. You would have had to take care of her-maybe even nurse her-then what?” 
“I guess I wasn’t thinking that far ahead,” he admitted. 
“I know. And that’s what you have me for.”  
She gave him a big hug. 
“I guess I haven’t been the most practical person lately have I?” 
He let out a short sigh that saddened her, especially when she saw the despair in his eyes. He didn’t say the words, but she knew that he blamed himself for all the family’s trouble. She refused to let him feel that way. 
“No one is practical all the time,” she alleged. “For so many years, you’ve tried so hard to be perfect-for me-mom-the family-everyone. And that’s not fair. No matter how strong we are we’re still human and we all make mistakes.” 
“Yeah, except mine are magnified,” he pointed out. 
They may have driven each other crazy at times, but she loved her brother and hated to see him aching. That was a sight she wasn’t accustomed to seeing. His mood made her realize how serious he was about Victoria.  
 	The following afternoon around 3:45pm, his cell phone rang. The number that showed up was Victoria’s. His heart pounded in his chest with calm excitement as he answered. 
“Hey, how are you?”  
“I’m fine. But your girlfriend won’t be unless you screw up.” 
The sound of a stranger’s voice on her phone dazed him. He didn’t recognize the tone but immediately knew Victoria was in trouble. Agent Dominica used her phone to call so Xavier immediately knew that they had her. He told Xavier that they had no animosity against her and that they just wanted him. He listened while he struggled to keep his cool. Anthony had already spilled his guts and told Dwayne that Xavier was responsible for all the cash flow issues he was suffering from. Thanks to his betrayal of his family secrets, Dwayne discovered that Xavier was the real keeper and guardian of the family and almost as powerful as his Alexis. There was no getting around facts. He had to eliminate Xavier before they attempted to eliminate Alexis. Agent Dominica claimed Victoria was alive and could be found unharmed in a large tool container located at the railroad yard-in the heart of the camera manufacturing location. Xavier listened to his instructions. Afterward, he demanded to speak with her.
 “Sorry, not going to happen. You don’t do exactly as I say, she’s going to have to play the hand she’s dealt-understand?” 
The phone went dead. At first, he didn’t tell anyone. But then he pulled Kerri aside and divulged the situation to her. He already had the cover of darkness in order to approach the designated location. Kerri wanted to go with him but he was against the idea. He knew there was a trap. He just didn’t know what kind.
	She was never going to allow him to go alone so he made sure his tracking device was on him and his car so she’d know his whereabouts at all times. She made him promise so he had no choice. They let their closest friends and family in on their dilemma.
Xavier had no idea what was in store for him. Later that night, he dressed himself for battle with an unseen enemy. He strapped his four gun holsters over his black, form-fitted, high collar shirt. He fastened the neck straps. He positioned extra ammunition around his waist. He slid on his daggers and then buckled an extra gun holster to his thigh. He sat down and laced up his knee high boots known as, the Reapers. This time he wore his black pants over his boots to prevent the metallic shin buckles from reflecting off any light, thereby, giving away his position. He slipped on his black gloves. He grabbed one of his face guards to hide his identity. Lastly, he put on his black, streamlined duster which came all the way down and stopped at the top of his ankles. He hurried down to the underground parking lot of the palace.  The entrance was guarded by their lions. He walked past them as they followed-looking for him to pet them. 
“Not now!” He growled in an aggravated tone. 
They all backed up with their heads down. There were at least two hundred black expensive sedans lined up in their assigned parking space. Once he located his, he got in. Printed on his license plates was ‘SKELETON143’.  Most didn’t why since he was the very first member of the famed death squad. Kerri was the second. There were six thousand of them. Their membership was registered by the order number in which they joined. From Skeleton number 1 to Skeleton number 6,000-each had an assigned number. He backed out of his space and sped off into the night.
	As he neared the construction site, Agent Dominica phoned him again and told him that Victoria was near the warehouse. Xavier was in the middle of traffic. He was still at least a mile away from the work zone. He demanded to know where she was. 
 “You want her; you get out and go find her,” Agent Dominica advised. “There’s only one high rise under construction near the camera plant. For her sake, you’d better get there before she runs out of time.” 
Xavier slammed his phone down. They made him jump through hoops and that frustrated him. Not knowing how long she had, he pulled over from the traffic, jumped out and just left his car at the curb. He couldn’t get any closer to where he needed to be. The road to the site was closed during off hours. He began to run toward the warehouses. He decided to take a shortcut directly across the train yard. He ran as fast as he could. He took his dagger and sliced through a section of the fence. The rail yard was over a quarter mile wide. Trains slowly passed from his right and left. As he ran, he felt her life slipping away from him in his mind. On top of that, he had to locate a body size tool container. The box was supposed to be in the corner of a new high rise that was being erected right near the camera plant. 
Xavier hopped across the tracks as the night fog hovered around his knees. He stopped at one point and surveyed the area to see if he was being watched. He bent over and gasped for air for a quick moment. His eyes and face were full of dread. He was at the mercy of someone else. As he drew closer to the location; he came across a gang of eight young men. Even on that night there were losers looking to commit crimes-to prey on someone. He had no choice but to go in their direction in order to reach his destination. There were single, unhooked train cars to his left and right. The men, who were about sixty feet in front of him, began to spread out. They took off their jackets and pea coats to show him how big they were. One took a cigarette out of his mouth after a couple of puffs.
“How about lending us a few dollars to buy some more cigarettes mate?” 
The others laughed. Xavier was not in the mood for muggers or to be teased. His mind was racing a million miles a minute. And he didn’t have time to fight them. He could worry about breaking their necks like a piece of chicken another time. Instead, he slammed his right hand against the corner of a box car to his left and pushed. The box car instantly started to move. As he followed through on his motion, the car rolled down the track at a steady thirty miles per hour before crashing into another one further down the track. Their cigarettes fell out their mouths. 
“Ay! What the hell are you?!” One man screamed in terror. 
Xavier ran toward them as they scattered in horror-using every profanity that came to their mind to describe the enormity of what they witnessed. 
 “He’s a freaking alien!” The ring leader accused. 
They fled like rats in a room full of cats. Xavier continued on his search. Knowing he was closer, he concealed his face. He reached the work site and searched for her. He found no one. With his great eyesight, he finally spotted the container they claimed she was in, which was about one hundred yards away. The entire construction grounds were wet and filled with a number of large, heavy machinery from black cranes to front loaders with sharp, fork teeth buckets. They were directly in front of the high rise.
	He approached and twisted the pad lock off like a paper clip. The giant tool container was twice the size of a large coffin, and was lying flat. He pulled each door open. At last, he found her. Unfortunately, to his horror, she was dead, and had been for some time. Something inside him snapped. He couldn’t think, he couldn’t speak, and he couldn’t to move. He stood there and just watched her. His breathing was hard because he had run so far so fast. Here was the woman who had showed him how to have fun, how to live and how to love again. All this took a few moments to register. When it did, half of him simply jumped into that box and died with her. It was so impossible for him to accept that such a beautiful person inside and out, who had so much life, had hers taken away. He felt all of his strength and will rush out of his body. He leaned over, held her hand and dropped his head. 
“I’m sorry…I’m so sorry.” 
He had never grieved for a mortal. This type of loss was new for him. He picked her up in his arms. Her sweater was soaked with her blood. As he turned to take her back the way he had come, bright lights suddenly flashed on from two front loaders and a humongous, crane style back hoe. The teeth of the front loaders were large enough snap a full size car in half. These were other over sized pieces of machinery. Dwayne, not knowing how powerful Xavier was, assumed that once he blocked his exit with construction machines he would be done for. He softly laid Victoria back down into the container and prepared to do battle. In his frame of mind, he didn’t want to live without her anyway. 
	He stood and motionless as the machines closed in around him. He was not one for running around. He faced confrontations head on. His guns would be useless against such large vehicles. They were massive and the hired guns that ran them were well shielded. Dwayne used ordinary criminals because he knew Xavier would have detected immortals-foiling the element of surprise. He and Marc observed the altercation from the vantage point of a nearby office building twelve floors up. 
“This won’t take long. He’s strong against people. Let’s see how well he does against machines,” Dwayne uttered with a smug. 
“Humph! He hasn’t got a chance. He’s completely out classed,” Marc added. 
The machines had Xavier pinned into the corner of the high rise under construction. Behind him was solid stone and steel. Shape shifting was out of the question. He was not going to leave Victoria’s body there in the corner for Dwayne’s men and machines to desecrate. They both were going to leave together or not at all. 
	He had nothing to lose as far as he was concerned. Whatever light burned in him, died with her. What she left behind was a hardened and bitter destroyer. The first front loader rolled toward him with its eight thousand pound bucket bearing down on him from above. Dwayne was mystified at Xavier’s reaction, which was none. He stood there and waited for the crushing jaws to cut him in two. Once close enough, Xavier quickly put his hands between the teeth of the bucket and held his position. The jaws began to close down on him. 
 “What does he think he’s going to do?” Marc snickered.
Xavier held the jaws open and kept them from crushing him. The operator poured on as much power as his engine could handle, but the jaws of the front loader wouldn’t close any further. Fluid lines began to leak and burst as Xavier’s face cringed due to the physical strain he was under. The noise from the engine became deafening. Finally, in one strong move, he allowed the jaws to close quickly, and then shoved them back opened as though he was breaking the mouth of an animal. The pressure from both he and the machine was such that the entire bucket broke into several pieces. The loud booming sound was heard all the way out to the street. Dwayne’s mouth fell open in disbelief.  He was afraid he had awakened a sleeping giant and his wrath was going to spill over on him and his people for what they did to Victoria. The front loader was useless. With the bucket shattered, Xavier saw the operator clearly. He swiftly flung one of his daggers with the force a powerful mechanism. The knife tore through the windshield and struck the operator in the middle of the fore head- killing him instantly. The man never saw the knife coming. 
When the second front loader sped forward to attack, the operator was perplexed. Xavier was nowhere to be seen. The operator searched the entire area he was bottled up in. Unexpectedly, Xavier came running toward him and rammed his whole shoulder into the vehicle with the power of a speeding freight train. The loader tipped over. Before he could kill the driver, a sixty ton crane dropped its steel teeth straight down in an attempt to crush him. He leapt out of the way and rolled over onto his feet. The bucket hit the earth with a thunderous concussion that shook the ground. 
He ran and got between the tracks of the moving crane, which resembled a mechanical dinosaur on the prowl. He punched a hole in the bottom of the operator’s cab and ripped the steel floor away like a piece of cardboard. He pulled out a hand full of round, silver explosive devices and flung them up into the cab. He quickly ran out from underneath and got as far away as he could. He dove behind the tool box that housed Victoria’s body a second before the devices went off. The explosion tore through the cab and heart of the motor as sharp debris cut through the air. Piles of concrete were blown away in one or two instances. The crane operator evaporated into a red mist. People within the vicinity heard the explosion. Dwayne made one terrible miscalculation. He underestimated Xavier’s power. The smoke was too black and the fire too bright for Dwayne to see anyone. 
	Just when Xavier thought his match was over, lights flashed on from across the yard. Ten more pieces of heavy machinery, including front loaders, giant bulldozers, cranes and other earth moving monsters descended on him. He led them away from Victoria’s body to the most solid, yet, grimy part of the yard. This was where an additional part of the high rise foundation was going to be. He could’ve run, but he had to deal with them sooner or later. Dwayne and Marc hoped and watched in earnest. The earth movers spread out as they approached him. He ran and got behind a pile of rock and boulders. They figured he was just hiding. There were tons of extra machine attachments, such as, forklift arms and more.
He quickly placed his hand on the side of an old earth mover that was broken down.  His hand miraculously conformed to the metal and became as one. He pulled back and began to form the enormous shape of a hammer head. He played with the substance as it contorted to what he wanted. He separated his hand from the material and out came one, large iron piece in the form of hammer-complete with a long handle. Dwayne lost his composure and threw his drink at the wall.
 “Just kill him! Just kill him you idiots!” 
Xavier’s hand shape shifted back to flesh. 
“We got that bastard!” One hit man shouted over his radio. 
 When they drew within fifty yards Xavier ran and leapt over the concrete pile. He reared his mighty hammer all the way back behind his head and struck the ground as he landed. The operators may have thought that God himself planted his heel on earth. The impressive and violent contact from the hammer sent shock waves of power and tremors all the way up to the building Dwayne and Marc were in. Their windows shattered straight into their faces as did most of the glass within range of the concussion.  The operators were violently cut across the face and body-some to the point of being blinded.  The impact was like a bomb that sucked all the sound and air out of the immediate vicinity. People on the outside of the construction site who walked along the streets thought an Earth Quake was taking place. New Holland didn’t have Earth Quakes. Kerri and the others waited from an unseen location nearby.
The ground cracked around the mega machines sent to crush him. Suddenly, a rumbling that resembled a building collapse arose as the ground gave way. A wide sink hole swallowed the remaining ten construction vehicles. They were powerful but useless on their backs. Dirt and debris poured in on top of them. Some of Dwayne’s henchmen were crushed when the vehicles toppled onto each other. All this damage was done and Xavier didn’t have to fire one bullet. Dwayne confessed that he’d never seen anyone like Xavier in his life. To add insult to injury, they still hadn’t met him face to face. Marc swore that he would burn Xavier’s mask into his face the day he took his life.
	He grabbed Victoria’s body and left. He retraced his steps. She was in his arms-her head leaning lifelessly on his chest. The moon hovered behind him as he slowly re-crossed the railroad yard. Half way, he saw Kerri, Colt and a host of Skeletons approaching. To discover that she was in fact dead and so visibly bloodied even pierced their conscience. When he reached them, the men gently took her from Xavier and carried her away. Kerri embraced him. His hands were cut and stained with blood from his battle. His injuries would heal in a very short time. His heart and soul was another matter. He promised to meet them back at the car. He just needed to stop, rest, and gather his thoughts. He needed time to recover-if only for a few moments. 
He sat down on the edge of the grassy hill that led down to the tracks. He stared out into the twilight as he watched trains in the back ground pass back and forth-their horns blasting away. The soft light slowly peaked through the clouded skies. His friends remained close by. He wanted to avoid going back to a place where his love would never enter again. Kerri stood guard behind to him. Finally, after two or three minutes, he had to face reality. He stood up, looked up to the sky, closed his eyes and smiled.
 “Take care.” 
That’s all he could utter without losing his emotions. He turned and headed home as Kerri wrapped her arms around him for support. He said his goodbye and now had to return to his life-a life unfortunately, without her.

CHAPTER FIFTEEN
	Marc paid Garrison for completing his job. He was half a million richer. Dwayne snuffed out the life of an innocent woman and Anthony proved his loyalty by shooting Martinique. However, she was safe. Dwayne wanted her to recover and live. He delighted in the fact that when she regained consciousness she would find out that her daughter was already dead and buried. 
Unsure of what to do, the Nokovic family attempted to locate other family members but to no avail. Martinique was the only immediate family they knew of. Kerri broke the news to Alexis. She suspected some type of activity was going on but didn’t know what they were up to. She made a conscience choice to let them handle their situation by themselves. All her life she was there to guide them through their problems. With new threats on the horizon, she had to let go. She realized she couldn’t involve herself in every single quandary they dealt with. If Xavier was going to be king then he had to learn to deal with challenges completely on his own without any advice. This was extremely difficult for her to do because she was a mother first and a queen second. When Kerri told her how he handled his ordeal she was proud of him. 
She went to see him as he sat in his room unbuckling his boots. His door was open. At first she just stood in the corridor and watched. His face was blank, as though nothing had happened. That scared her even more because he didn’t talk about his feelings. She approached as he appeared not to notice her. She gently grabbed him by the chin. He looked up with his face in her hand. She smiled sympathetically. 
“I love you.  Nadia would have been so proud of you. I know because I am. And because you’re just like her.” 
She leaned down and kissed him on his cheek. Her gesture was all that needed to take place between them. Her love and appreciation for his pain transcended mere words. 
	Alexis personally made all the arrangements for Victoria’s funeral and burial. Xavier understood that most of his people didn’t appreciate her presence as a mortal when she was alive. On the other hand, her death made them look at themselves. What was so bad about her? Why did they react toward her with such hostility and obvious discrimination? Not one had a valid reason. For centuries, they were taught that ordinary people would taint them. For that reason, they lost their human touch, which is needed in all decent people. 
Her demise proved that not only had she lived a life that surpassed theirs, but the light she carried in her seduced the most powerful immortal in the world. Regardless, he didn’t know what to do-as her boyfriend or as a citizen. Her mother was practically in a coma. He didn’t feel it was his place to decide her body’s departure from the earth. Just the same, he wasn’t going to just drop her off at some funeral home and let them stick her in the ground. He couldn’t let it end-not like that. He was going to have a private funeral for her, even if that meant he was the only one present. He didn’t want to have the service in the palace auditorium or their gothic cathedral. He refused to let her leave the world surrounded by people who disliked her. He didn’t require his people, nor did he want them to come just to support him. This was about her-not him. 
Alexis completely shocked him when she insisted that the funeral was taking place right where she belonged, inside the Royal Gothic Cathedral adjacent to the palace. When he asked why, she reminded him and the others that Victoria had once saved his life. He never forgot that but they did. As far as she was concerned, no matter what or who she was, because of her selfless actions, she still had a son. She ordered a royal style ceremony with the same rights and honor as any family member.  On a rainy Sunday morning, eight, handpicked pall bearers carried Victoria’s remains down the middle isle before a packed audience. Two hundred Skeletons lined the aisle on each side as they stood with their swords at their side. As her casket passed each man, they held up their blades and crossed them at the tip as her pall bearers walked underneath.  Six hundred more men in double lines marched behind her. Even more memorable, was the fact that a Protestant minister attended the funeral to bless her and perform other rituals due her as a member of that particular religion. Over twenty-five hundred immortals sat clothed in the most beautiful black robes one could imagine. The service was very moving. 
	Victoria lay in a black and silver-lined casket with a glass top that was open during the service. Xavier and his Alexis, as Heads of State in their kingdom, sat high on the altar that over looked her. Jacqueline, Darcia, Kerri and Lazette also sat on the Altar, two on each side. Alexis provided this majestic event to point out that her people could no longer afford to remain as isolated from the world as they had been. The collision between the immortals and ordinary people was inevitable. Xavier only said a few words which surprised many. He stood up and looked down at Victoria. Even in death her beauty was impossible to miss. 
 “Some may wonder what is it that caused this lovely lady here to spell bind a man who has lived for centuries and yet, was still looking for life,” he began. “She may have done greater things for others than she did for me; I really can’t say. What I do know is that I judge her accomplishments for me as the measuring stick for all her other successes because she did something no mortal has ever achieved with me. She once saved my life and yet, that was still not her supreme success story. Her greatest accomplishment is very simple.” 
He paused and then found the courage to continue.
 “She taught me how to be happy again. In return, I took that gift and learned how to make her happy-if only for a short time. She made it possible for me to see myself in her smile.”   
He looked up toward the church’s side window. The cloud cover lifted and the brightness of the sun gleamed through the stained glass window from the side and struck the altar and her casket. Xavier did the most spontaneous and ultimate gesture he felt would bind them together in history and time forever. He stepped down in his grandiose robe with all eyes fixed on him. He plucked a bright, red rose from the array that surrounded her.  He opened the lid. He leaned over and placed the rose in her hands and closed her fingers around it.  
“Good night my love,” he whispered.
He kissed her softly on her forehead. 
“I love you.” 
 
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
	 Alexis volunteered to tell Martinique what happened when she regained consciousness but Xavier insisted on giving her the tragic news. As the month of March dragged on, he forced himself to clear his mind so he could think in order to be sure of what he did. Although the saga of his relationship was over, his enemies were closing in on his people from all angles. As prince, he still had a duty to eliminate any threat to his expanding gothic nation. Dwayne’s plan to ambush and eliminate him failed. Now, he had no choice but to depend on Olenhoff, who loved the fact that his help was needed more than ever. Dwayne was immortal, barbaric and powerful but had nowhere near the abilities that Xavier possessed. Olenhoff was afraid that Xavier would come after him and his family as well. He knew Dwayne thought of him as a junior partner in their relationship. Just the same, as Prime Minister, he had the power to call in the Armed Forces. Dwayne contacted him and insisted he do just that. The two were tied together and like it or not, if one went down the other was sure to follow. Despite the tragedy that struck Martinique, the D.A.’s office handed down some eight hundred indictments against Olenhoff, his administration and many of his associates, including Dwayne. 
	The following day, Olenhoff held a Press Conference to announce that despite the objections of his opponents, he scheduled a meeting with all the top people in his circle. That included the city’s financial movers and shakers and the most powerful and influential senators in his party. In all, seventy-five of his administration was requested to attend and they obliged their fraudulent leader. The meeting was held two days after his press conference.  
He appeared cool and calm as he deflected the charges brought against him and his regime. He said he would let the judicial process take place and was confident he would be found innocent of any wrong doing. Those who hated him had heard that same standard, condescending statement from all crooked politicians before. He used the damage at the camera construction site to blame the Nokovic family. He asserted that they destroyed the property as an act of terrorism because his administration went after them as public enemy number one. As a result, he promised that they would be forced to make restitution. He claimed he would first locate all their personal homes and evict every one of them on the spot. He placed them on a terrorist list. This was the most important step. By doing so, he had the justification to use the Armed Forces to go to war against them and all of their supporters. What he failed to remember was that they weren’t his enemies. They were Dwayne’s enemies. Unfortunately, he had no choice but to protect Dwayne because that meant protecting himself. 
	This troubling news didn’t go unnoticed by the Nokovic family. They knew if the army entered the equation they would be at war with tanks and guns in the street-not that they couldn’t afford to buy their own war machines. But they were in New Holland to destroy Dwayne and his people, not the city. They also didn’t want innocent blood on their hands. One blameless person had already died and that was more than enough. Alexis pondered her people’s circumstances all day. She had to make a move soon or flee the country. Running away was out of the question. They loved New Holland. However, the city wasn’t big enough for her, Dwayne and Olenhoff.  She called a private meeting with Xavier and Kerri. This situation was so sensitive that only they were privy to her decisions. After a serious discussion she made her decree. 
“The time has come. It’s either us or them.” 
They eagerly agreed that Olenhoff had to die. And since Dwayne would be in attendance, his life would end as well. Xavier couldn’t help but wonder if she had killed him sooner, Victoria may never have perished. His plan was to infiltrate their security and kill Olenhoff. Alexis told him that he could injure Dwayne, but not kill him. She had a score to settle with him. She forbade them to reveal their plans to anyone else-that even included Colt and Darcia. The three had to take this precaution because there were leaks in their empire, so Alexis had no choice but to reveal her plan to her supporters as she went along.
	Olenhoff’s meeting was held at the State House, which is the equal to a presidential palace or office. The Nokovic clan needed to be successful. If they failed, they would be facing troops perhaps the next day. Their plan was to take out the heads of the government. Without them, the others would be lost in their decision-making. Kerri came up with a plan that Xavier insisted on doing alone. Security was extremely tight. He needed to be inside-where the meeting was taking place. The designated conference room was large and came with a long oval-shaped table. The vaulted ceiling was sixty-five feet high. Xavier obtained the floor plans from a secret ally. He dared not shape-shift his way inside. If he did, he’d be too weak to fight and could lose his life in the process. He didn’t see how he could pull off his attempt until he saw an opening on the building’s blue prints. Victoria’s death set off an explosion of rage, and vengeance. In his grief, he brought forth a wave of violence, death, torture and destruction to the Visigoths and their associates that had never been seen before. 
	Olenhoff took care of as much business as he could before the military conference. The VIP’s arrived at 10:00am. As law makers always do, they wasted time posturing and posing for the flash bulbs. They acted like a bunch of celebrity wanna be’s. They forgot that they were elected to work for the betterment of the people. They should have conducted themselves with the dignity that came with their positions. Once inside, all smiles stopped and they got down to business. The Deputy Prime Minister of England was Peter Romanski. Oddly enough, he was away on official business. He was due back in town later but followed the meeting by live video on his flight home. 
Olenhoff conducted his session without any opposition. All the senators were from his group. He insisted that the Nokovic family was in bed with the Executive Board, and that they retaliated with violence against citizens and their underworld rivals when they were crossed. He added that they were suspected to have ties to countries that wanted to cause destruction to their way of life. Even more important, he stressed that the Nokovic community was against the rebirth of a gothic, world Super Power. All those present were connected one way or another to a descendent of the Visigothic Empire from centuries past. Dwayne and other industrial giants attended because they produced many of the products that were used by the military, such as tanks, road vehicles and other devices.
	No matter what, Olenhoff felt he had overwhelming support. General Valen Constineau was Chief of Staff for all Armed Forces. Olenhoff asked him how long he would take to pull troops from other locations and mobilize them for New Holland.  General Constineau claimed his best estimation would be a few days at least. Olenhoff gave him the go ahead and ordered him to shift five hundred thousand troops from all over Europe and prepare to invade the east section of New Holland. He was going to declare Marshall Law, but only temporarily until all those who threatened him were crushed. 
He was one of the few individuals who knew that there were two major factions of immortals but kept his mouth shut. Dwayne once demonstrated his superhuman powers to him for two reasons. First, to prove to him that immortals existed and they were extremely hard for ordinary humans to kill. Second, revealing himself was a warning that if Olenhoff ever double crossed him; he and his family would never be safe. The number of troops he requested even surprised members of the Senate. They may not have understood but he was going to war against six hundred thousand immortals that were more dangerous than Dwayne’s sect so he needed to match their numbers. 
	Dwayne rejoiced when his military needs were finally met. Suddenly, he gleefully sat back in his chair as his fear of the mighty Ostrogothic wrath oozed out of his body. The weight of his anxiety was lifted. 
 “At last, this will truly be a gothic city,” he blurted out. “Let our sinister way of life reign forever.” 
He was at the top of the mountain and stood poised to take over the continent and eventually, the globe. This was the largest accomplishment of his evil quest to expand his empire. He felt like a god. 
However, their plans were not as full proof as they believed. Like any high level state building of any modern country, there were always a few underground tunnels and passage ways that lead to the street and the roof in case the need for escape occurred. Right under their noses was a spy within the administration. He was Head of Security for the Prime Minister. His cover name was Paul Riser. His real name was Nathan McClendon. He saw years into the future and knew Dwayne would someday attempt a complete takeover. With access to all state structures, he was able to provide Xavier with building blue prints and other Intel. He and Xavier had a trust based on Alexis. They had been friends for years, but kept their relationship as allies secret from everyone. 
Xavier was only interested in the enormous air shafts that lead to the conference rooms. Nathan pulled his men off the area in pretense of re-arranging the post of each agent. At 11:00am, the two men met at one of the secret entrances, which led to the inner sections of the building. He wasn’t alone. Alexis also participated in this operation. But she told Xavier to go ahead and she would meet him in the conference room once she saw that he was inside. This surprised and worried him. 
“Mom, this is a two person attack. Shouldn’t we go in together?” 
“I just want to make sure you get inside ok first. I don’t need to use any exit to get into some room,” she audaciously declared. 
Before he entered, he hesitated. He turned and looked back at her with concern on his face. She blew him a motherly kiss, which eased his fears about leaving her alone. Nathan closed the door that led to the underground corridors inside. 
Further down the passage way, they reached a fork in the road. Xavier stopped. “Right here is where I go in.” 
 “You know this is an air shaft don’t you?” Nathan asked. 
“I know, and this will do just fine.” 
“Ok, but don’t get lost in there because they’ll kill you if they catch you. Not even I will be able to save you. Have you studied the floor plans I gave to your mother? They’re pretty sophisticated and confusing unless you’re the engineer who designed them. I can’t make heads or tails of them.”  
“I didn’t need to,” Xavier replied. “I glanced at them for about twenty seconds.” 
“Twenty seconds?” Nathan cried out with an alarmed, but low voice. 
“Twenty seconds was all I needed.” Xavier answered in bewilderment.  
Immortals were not only stronger than regular humans, but their brains were like computers. Information that took ordinary people weeks or months of study to master, they learned and absorbed in seconds. Xavier wasn’t being braggadocios. He simply forgot how fast his mind was and that other humans didn’t possess his level of recall. The grid was locked and bolted at the edges and the bars were solid steel. Nathan told him to wait while he went and retrieved a wrench to undo the bolts. 
“No need,” Xavier stated. 
He took his hands and crunched the steel bars in his fist. He squeezed and pulled them out like straw. 
“Woe…what the-” Nathan cut himself off and covered his mouth with great wonder. 
Xavier climbed into the air shaft and pulled the bars back in place as best he could. 
“Good luck,” he wished Xavier.  
“The Prime Minister is going to wish he had some,” Xavier snarled. 
He crawled away and Nathan returned to his duties.
	 The meeting took on ominous overtones when Olenhoff brought up future measures such as, creating a country that put Goths ahead of all the other cultures. Dwayne sat forward and during that moment, realized that Olenhoff was vying for the leadership of the entire gothic sector. Now, he had become a real threat. Up to that point, all the measures that were brought before the House of Commons or any Senate was drafted by him. For the first time, Olenhoff brought his own measures to the table and threat or no, he wanted power. He realized that Dwayne was immortal, but he had his military. Why hadn’t he seen that before? That’s when he discovered how powerful he was and didn’t have to fear the great King of the Visigoths as he did before he consolidated his authority.  After all, The Party backed him. Dwayne was just another member-a major one, but just a member like many other powerful supporters.  
As the two men stared at each other from across the table, the grid cover on the ceiling came crashing down onto the table. Xavier swooped down a moment later. When he landed on the table, the thick soles from Reapers produced a vibration that shook the decor. Every single person, including security personnel, was completely caught off guard. Before they reacted in time to save the people they guarded, Xavier, who resembled a black-masked superman, pulled out two of his favorite black, automatic pistols he called, “the twins.” He stretched his arms from right to left and opened up a barrage of gunfire on the officials seated below. He swept the table from left to right left and struck everyone where they sat. He struck Olenhoff between the eyes, killing him instantly. He repeatedly struck Dwayne in the chest, ending his life. His bullets found their mark in those like General Constineau, Secretary of Treasury Sonia Stonopeli, who was as radical as any of the men and wanted to shift all the tax money paid by non-gothic citizens to the military to zone off two-thirds of the city and deem such areas as, “Goths only.” 
Xavier then took aim at the security agents who returned fire. He was hit, but kept firing without flinching. They closed in on him from all four corners of the room and attempted to stop him but to no avail. He again turned one hundred and eighty degrees to his left and to his right as he struck and killed each one. When the gun in his right emptied, he dropped it to the table. He continued firing with the one in his left hand as he reached behind him and pulled out another one and started firing. When the gun in his left hand emptied, he repeated the same process, which allowed him to keep shooting without one pause in his attack. 
	The Secret Servicemen out in the corridor heard the commotion and ran in with their automatic rifles. They opened fire when they saw Xavier on top of the table and a room full of dead people. He had bigger fire power too and he dared them to stop him. Strapped to the side of his thighs were two, modified tech 9 semi-automatics. He pulled them from his side the moment they took aim. Some of their bullets hit him in the face of his mask but they just glanced away. This time, his mask was more than a cover to hide his identity. The cover was also made from bullet resistant material. He stood tall and blasted away without a break in his rhythm. They fell from his deadly accuracy. Not one managed to breach the doorway to get near him.
Despite being struck in the shoulder, legs and chest, he never backed down. The noise and the concussion from the war of gun shells made for a deafening sound. During his entire attack he never backed up from where he originally landed. While he had his back turned, Dwayne, suddenly gasped as the breath of life re-entered his body. He had died in his chair like all the others who barely knew what hit them. The last sight he remembered was staring down the barrel of Xavier’s gun. He slowly rose from his chair and slid down and away from the table. He eased his gun out and crouched down as the deadly confrontation continued. He was unaware that Xavier could hear a pin drop in the middle of any type of noise no matter how loud. However, he didn’t appear to notice Dwayne was alive again. He raised his gun and prepared to fire a bullet into the back of Xavier’s head.
Among all the noise, Xavier suddenly heard the gun click. He stopped and turned around just as Dwayne was set to fire. For some reason, he became distracted for a split second and glanced down at his leg. Something or someone had a hold of his ankle. Up from the concrete floor rose Alexis‘s head, shoulders and eventually, half of her body. Dwayne was taken by her quickness; His mouth fell open with incredulity. 
“Hello Dwayne,” she spoke with the voice of death. “It’s time to answer for Nadia.” 
Her movement was almost as fast as the speed of light. She crushed his gun and snatched him by the throat. Her grip was so tight that his head was about to burst. She rose all the way up on the tip of her toes. Using her shape shifting ability, she plunged back down to with the speed and power of a mighty engine-taking him with her. She disappeared into the concrete as his head slammed into the surface. The force was so incredible that his skull was completely obliterated. So great was the impact that his shoulders were left buried into the ground. Xavier looked on. He turned and walked to the edge of the table and did a forward flip, landed on his feet and walked out the room. 
	 When the Deputy Prime Minister arrived on the scene hours later, he was mobbed by his security. Madness, mayhem and fear ran rapid across the city. Olenhoff and all of the radical heads of his administration were massacred along with over seventy of their best Security officers. Not a single detective could figure out how Dwayne died in the position he did. Part of his upper torso looked as though he stuck it in a large tub of cement and allowed it to dry. A jack hammer was used to tear up the floor in order to recover his remains. The gruesome sight defied the laws of physics. The lead investigator was dumb founded and shared his thoughts.
“I don’t know what to make of this. It’s like someone reached up and tried to pull him back down to hell.” 
When Marc learned of what happened, he rushed to the scene. He didn’t accept his father’s demise until he saw his headless body laid out with the rest of the dead. But make no mistake about their status. They were not victims. The real victims were the people who were under their rule. Had they not been eliminated, their vision of a gothic style state modeled after Totalitarianism would have evolved. The most corrupt statesman England ever elected was dead. 
	Xavier and Alexis were the top two people in their community. If tragedy had befallen them, Kerri would have become the next to rule as queen. When they returned, their family and others were flabbergasted by what they did. They successfully executed a Prime Minister and the most brutal, gothic ruler in history. They had shown their entire people that they were not figure heads. They governed by their status, but also had the power to back up every word they spoke. Alexis stood in front of a packed audience and declared that their greatest betrayer and foe was dead and was never coming back. The people were in awe of her and Xavier. The results from their actions made news all over the world.  
Xavier was tired-both physically and emotionally. Before his family settled down to calculate their next move, Alexis pulled him off to the side. She placed her hand on his face. 
 “You’re my son, forever. And I’ll always be there for you, even if it means my life.” 
He wasn’t just indebted to her, he was proud of her as a warrior. As far as he was concerned she was the greatest woman in the universe and none could compare. She was his hero and always would be.
	When Garrison heard that Olenhoff had been killed he lost control of himself. He hurried his plans to leave the country. Xavier had spoken with Colt and he knew exactly what agents had ridden with Victoria the night she died. Colt advised him to finish the job. They didn’t know the status of the Armed Forces plans to invade their city. Nathan McClendon contacted Alexis and notified her of what he learned at the late Prime Minister’s Conference. They had three days to run or fight a well trained military of regular humans-armed with rockets, tanks and other types of destructive fire power. The Nokovic family knew they would be blamed for the death of Olenhoff and his officials-the one and only time where blame was rightfully attributed to them. 
Xavier and Colt tracked down Garrison and his men one by one. The first one they found was Agent Dominica at his home the following morning. His full size SUV was packed with his belongings. He was afraid that whoever killed off the Olenhoff administration would come after him. He connected Dwayne’s death to Victoria’s. His death was not a coincidence-not after they assisted in her murder.  He exited his home and jumped into his vehicle. Colt and Xavier didn’t approach him. They wanted him to lead them to his accomplices-he did.  He led them to one of the other four henchmen-Agent Booth. They figured they would be safer in pairs. Their plan was to meet Garrison and Agent Doyle at the airport later that evening under the cover of night.          
  	Colt and Xavier waited until Agent Booth got into the SUV and then stepped out and approached them from the front. Sensing they were in danger, Agent Dominica pressed down on the accelerator. The tires screeched as he attempted to run both young men down. The truck took off. Colt stepped forward and threw his mighty body head on into the vehicle. The collision was devastating-for the SUV.  The 4x4 wheeler was thrown to the side and slammed into a fire hydrant. The cap broke off and sent water gushing high into the air. Agent Dominica was severely injured when his airbag deployed into his face. Agent Booth was also injured. Colt wasn’t even bruised. He too, was a shape shifter but was at the beginning stage. They walked over to the view the damage. Agent Dominica pulled his gun from his holster. Colt grabbed his wrist through the window and squeezed so hard that the bones cracked.
“Now, now, none of that,” Colt teased. 
He peacefully explained to Agent Dominica that he wanted information and if he lied, he would break a different bone on his body until he reached his neck. Agent Dominica was no hero. He liked Garrison but wasn’t going to die for him. He spilled his guts and fingered him as the trigger man who murdered Victoria. He also divulged how they got her to come out of hiding. He implicated Anthony as the shooter who put Martinique in the hospital, which began the chain of events that landed Victoria right into their clutches. He admitted that Garrison was fleeing the city. Both Xavier and Colt were surprised to find that Anthony had stepped so far away from the family and his people for the sake of power, and that he was a part of an orchestrated plot that took the life of the woman he cared for so deeply.
	Colt ordered both agents to just stay cool and remain inside. Xavier walked to the front of their vehicle. They watched him through the windshield and wondered what he was up to. Without warning, he lurched forward and landed on top of the engine hood faced down. A second or two later, his face and body started to sink and mesh with the metal. The two agents panicked at what they saw and tried to unlock their doors. Xavier was absorbed into the metallic surface-vanishing. Suddenly, the car began to crumple, bend and contort. Xavier was in the process of crushing them. As the roof came down on top of them, the windows and glass shattered-just like the cars in a junkyard once they’ve gone through a compacter. The men screamed and begged for their lives as Colt mercilessly stared at them with a grin. 
“Now I guess you know how she felt,” he reasoned.  
A few moments later, the SUV was completely flattened. The snapping of their bones was loud and crisp. Afterward, Xavier’s form re-emerged from the crushed metal. He stepped back. 
“Let’s see the police pull a body from that one,” he snarled with a chilly voice. 
He had no ill effects, no weakness, or dizziness. No doubt, he suffered a great loss. However, that loss brought out an inner strength that made him almost completely invincible. The only sign of anyone inside the demolished car was Agent Dominica’s hand, which hung outside the slit where the driver window used to be. 
	To catch Garrison and Agent Doyle, Xavier enlisted the help of Juliet, a lifelong friend who was also born the same year as he. He, Kerri and Juliet hung out all the time. They were the best of friends, but she didn’t reside in the palace. She had a home just a few blocks away. She was blonde and had the mind control and allure that brought down ordinary men no matter how much they tried to resist her. Since her ability had no affect on men from her own sect, she often toyed with” ordinaries, “as she called them, just for fun or practice, she claimed. 
	Later that evening, The Skeletons located Agents Garrison and Booth and tailed them on their way to the airport. They also had a stream of cars in front of him. Xavier was going to conduct a special, public execution on Garrison. There were many bridges in New Holland, but the quickest one that led to the three major airports was the Golgotha Bridge. The structure had four lanes-two for each direction. There was no median or any other type of divider. And the bridge also connected to the Fort Sienna Freeway, which ran around the city. In a predominately gothic city where most people drove black or silver cars, he was unable to tell if one car or the next was tailing him, nevertheless, he was paranoid and understandably so. 
	The only flight he could book immediately was scheduled to leave at 5:00pm-the heart of the rush hour. He left two hours early. Around 4:00, their car traveled slowly across the Golgotha Bridge. Garrison was on the passenger side as Agent Booth drove. Traffic as usual, dragged along. Juliet drove as Xavier’s black sedan as he sat silent. At times, the traffic on the bridge came to stand still due to a shortage of toll takers. As they crept along, they slowly approached Garrison’s car from the opposite direction. His windows were up, but she needed them down. The cars in front of the corrupt lawmen stopped abruptly, which caused Agent Booth to jam on the brakes. They both sighed with exasperation as they checked their wrist watches. 
Juliet lined her car up next to theirs-widow to window. She stared at Agent Booth. Once eye contact was made he was hooked and mesmerized. She smiled as a flood of romantic and explicit images of she and him over took his mind and juiced up his male urges. He swallowed and began to perspire. He loosened his shirt collar. Garrison asked him what his problem was and instructed him to concentrate on the road. Agent Booth was deaf to his words. He was in his own world. She motioned for him to lower his window. 
As he did, Garrison grabbed his shoulder and shook him violently.
 “Hey you fool, don’t roll that window down!” 
“Relax; she just wants to ask me a question,” Agent Booth insisted. 
From their vantage point she was the only one visible the car. Her front, passenger seat was completely folded back down and out of sight. She asked the young fool his name. Filled with lust, words spilled out of his mouth faster than his brain could produce. Garrison yelled and warned him to shut up. Unpredictably, she pulled on her seat lever and quickly dropped back out of view. As she did, Xavier raised up, leaned across her with his sawed off shot gun and fired two blasts out of Juliet’s window, which cut through the noisy traffic. The head of Agent Booth was blown clean off. The car rolled a couple of feet and bumped into the car in front of them. Men, women and children screamed when they saw the shooting. Garrison was hit in the shoulder and couldn’t move his arm. Xavier hurried out of his car-masked and ready for a gun fight. He ran over to Garrison’s car and ripped the passenger side door off. Garrison was bleeding profusely. Xavier took aim at him. 
“I can’t move my arm. I can’t get to my gun,” Garrison pleaded. 
Xavier took his pistol out of his holster and placed it on his lap. This way he could at least reach the weapon with his left hand. He then stepped back from the car. 
“Now you have a chance.” 
“Please, not here. Another time,” Garrison offered. 
“You know the game.” Xavier charged. “In this life we all play the hand we’re dealt. Ok, you dealt one to Victoria and now I’m going to deal one to you-and you’re going to play it.” 
Motorists held their heads down out of fear that Xavier was some madman on a killing spree. He waited to see if Garrison was going to die like a man or die like a dog. After a pause, he went for the gun with his left hand. Xavier quickly raised his gun and fired point blank multiple times. He struck Garrison in the chest and anywhere else he could find. His helpless anger soared with each pull of the trigger. That evening, Garrison’s car became his coffin.  Xavier calmly walked back to his and got in. He and Juliet rode away as though what happened was normal.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
	When Xavier walked up to the palace gates, there were Skeletons and a host of other security who guarded the grounds. Suddenly, someone drove by and flung a broken sword at Xavier, which he heard. He quickly turned and snatched the sword out of the air as the car sped off down the street. The Skeletons started to get in their cars and pursue the person, but he stopped them. He had seen enough traps for one year. The sword was wrapped in the dried, but bloodied shirt of Dwayne Vadis and was accompanied by a note. The person who threw the sword was one of Marc’s trusted Henchmen. He and the others knew what that meant-a challenge to him in front of all his men to a one-on-one showdown. The challenge didn’t go unanswered. The honor of both families was at stake. If there was a small flaw in his combat skills, his sword play was the culprit. Darcia, Jacqueline, and Alexis were the best swords people out of all the Goths. Darcia taught Xavier for years from the time he was a kid. He fared very well, but gravitated more toward the more modern weapons like his guns and his extended edged throwing disc. 
The duel was set to take place in a closed auto factory just under the Vandals Bay Bridge. However, no one trusted Marc to stick to tradition. They were crooks-void of any principles. Alexis sent three hundred of her deadliest warriors ahead of Xavier to secure and check the location inside and out for any traps. She ordered Anthony to remain at home. He didn’t put up a fight, nor did he ask her why he and his squad were not included in the security detail.
	Everyone in the Nokovic Empire felt the world closing in on them-the same way the world had done in the 18th century. Peter Romanski was sworn into office as the country’s new Prime Minister. He was debriefed by what little was left of Olenhoff’s staff.  His body, however, lay in state for viewing for a few days. All the others who were killed were Eulogized and buried appropriately. They were not heroes of the nation although they were portrayed as such. Prime Minister Romanski had to contend with Olenhoff’s Agenda, such as, mobilizing Troops to occupy New Holland and declare Marshall Law. The driving forces behind that decision were dead, but now, he was expected to carry out the plan. 
Xavier didn’t over look Marc’s talent because he was dangerous and he could very well lose his life or a limb. As with their tradition, the duel was theirs to control. The two men could use any weapon they chose, except a fire arm. The next morning, Xavier dressed himself and was fully loaded with every type of weapon he could fit comfortably on his body. He made sure he wore his forearm guard, which fit neatly under his coat sleeves. This helped him protect against sword strikes in case he lost his. He arrived at the appointed place in the dark, early morning hours. His security was unseen but was there to guard against an ambush.
	When he entered the building, Marc was waiting. Seeing Xavier with his face concealed annoyed him to no end.  So he smiled and tried to provoke a response.
“Don’t you have the guts to show your face to the son of the father you killed? I know it was you because security cameras at the state house caught you leaving. So I figured; you had to be that Ostrogoth people were so afraid of.”
Xavier listened. After Marc completed his snide remarks, he answered. 
“I didn’t kill your father. And unlike him, I don’t kill helpless, innocent young girls.”  
“Like my father, you’re going to die a very nasty death. I’m going to butcher you. Keep your identity for now. I’ll find out exactly what you look like in a few minutes.” 
“I know you will, at the moment of death,” Xavier prophesied. 
He approached Marc face to face and pulled out his sword. Marc attacked first and swung his sword from so many angles that even Xavier was amazed.  At one point, Marc swung and missed and instead, sliced a solid, iron support beam straight through. Xavier withstood Marc’s aggression, but as the fight progressed, he was cut multiple times on the upper arm and about the chest. Marc became more confident the longer their fight raged on. He brought his sword down on Xavier’s head, which landed against his forearm instead. He quickly grabbed the blade with his free hand and snapped Marc’s sword clean in half. 
Marc’s anger grew. He pulled two short swords from inside his coat and immediately continued his attack. He underestimated Xavier’s skill. He leapt backward onto a machine table. Marc swung at his ankles in an attempt to cripple him. Xavier jumped and flipped up and over Marc. He simultaneously swung and cut Marc deeply across his neck and the back of his head. His blade penetrated his skull and his brain matter.  Blood spurted out. Marc winced in pain and retaliated. After a duel that lasted nearly ten minutes, Marc tried a similar move. His blade found its way into Xavier’s back. He turned and knocked Marc across floor. When he attempted to get up, Xavier just appeared out of the blue in front of him before he could regain his composure. Xavier gritted his teeth and swung fast, yet, controlled as his blade slashed into Marc’s chest. Blood poured out from a straight line. His heart was cut and his organs were severely damaged. There was the question of whether he could regenerate his tissue and other vital cells.  Xavier didn’t give him the chance to find out. He stood over Marc who held his chest as blood seeped between his fingers. He was down on one knee-struggling to stand up. He was defiant to the end. Xavier took off his mask and revealed his face to his dying foe. 
He glared up at Xavier, weak and beaten.
 “Don’t look so smug,” Marc warned. “One of these nights when you least expect, I might just come back, creep into your room and take your soul right out of you.” 
“Not before I take yours.” Xavier proclaimed. 
He brought his mighty blade down with such force that Marc was cut clean in half.  Xavier picked up his mask and walked away. No posturing-no grand standing.
	By the time he reached his car, his injuries were already healed.
 The last chance for the Valdis dream of global supremacy died with Marc. Unfortunately, that day brought them one day closer to a show down with the military. Xavier had had enough. He alone was going to start or stop a real Civil War. He decided to meet the new Prime Minister later that same evening. He had already executed one. Executing one more wouldn’t bother him in the least. He got into his car and headed toward the State building. Romanski’s new staff begged him to stay in a secret location in which to conduct national business from. But he was a tough old bird. He himself was a full-blooded and direct descendent of the Athanaric Goths, who persecuted Christian Goths in the 370’s. He was a modern thinker and a bit more tolerant than his predecessor. Nevertheless, he was still a part of the great gothic machine that had overrun most of the nation in just one year and a few months. He was an old war veteran and didn’t scare easy. He insisted on conducting business from the State house as he should. To run and hide would only demonstrate weakness and fear. He had to show his countrymen that he was no coward and wouldn’t back down from anyone. If New Holland was going to be the next great gothic city, then people needed to know they were led by a fearless leader. 
That evening, he was working on some last minute obligations. He sat in his chair with his back to the wall of his office-accompanied by four heavily armed guards who stood at attention. Two stood against the wall on both sides of the door in front of him. The other two stood against the wall on both sides behind him. This made him feel safe. Then again, he’d never faced an angry Ostrogoth. 
	As Romanski hung up the phone from his last conversation, he felt a presence from somewhere, as though someone else was in the room. But he shrugged off the feeling. Without any explanation, the lights in his office flickered and then blacked out. He was about to ask the guard next to him to go check on the problem. Before he could utter an answer, a hand reached out from the wall behind him and snapped his neck. Before his lifeless body hit the floor, the guard on Romanski’s right squealed in agony when a long blade shafted him clean through his chest from behind. Another hand slammed him in on the back. He flew off the bloody blade and fell dead with his blood splattering across the floor. Romanski jumped from his seat in fear. His eyes stretched wide open from what he saw. His breath left him and his horror practically paralyzed him. His knees were so weak he couldn’t even run. 
The remaining two body guards slid their guns down off their shoulders and into their hands. They ran across the office to protect Romanski. They hadn’t stepped more than ten feet from the door when Xavier effortlessly stepped out from the wall and into the office. Romanski noticed Xavier in the darkened back ground, but just couldn’t believe his eyes. He thought Xavier was a dark ghost in the dim lit room. Romanski stretched his arms out to his men-hoping they’d get to him. Without making a single sound, their heads were cut clean off. Their lifeless bodies stumbled forward and landed near his desk. Two sharp, flat objects whizzed past Romanski’s ears and sank into the wall behind him. The men’s berets flew off as their heads hit the floor and rolled. Xavier’s speed was such that even to him, time seemed to slow down. But that wasn’t the case. He was a super being who often moved almost as fast as the speed of light.
	Romanski was about to scream when Xavier approached. Before he did, Xavier pulled out an extended edge throwing disc. The same type used to decapitate the guards. The blades popped out and after pressing a button in the center, they extended outward five inches wider at three hundred and sixty degrees. They were silent and deadly accurate.  He put his hand up to Romanski’s mouth.
 “Shhhh…if you scream I’m going to kill you.”
Romanski sat back down slowly in his chair. He trembled in horror to the point that he pissed his pants. He gripped the arm rest of his chair tight to keep from shaking.
He swallowed hard and then found the courage to speak.
 “Who are you? What do you want with me?” 
Xavier leaned in closer. Romanski flinched.
 “There’s an order on your desk that calls for Troops to come into New Holland and take down the Ostrogoths.” 
“Yes I…I plan to but what does have to do with me?” 
“I am an Ostrogoth.”  Xavier announced.
“The people, my constituents all voted for this measure. What would you have me to do?” Romanski pleaded. 
“I’m not asking you, I’m telling you; cancel that order and never, ever issue another one like that again. Our conflict was never about us and your government, but us and Dwayne Valdis. You allowed him to drag you into our war.
“If I cancel the order, who’ll protect me from the Valdis family and all the political allies they’ve forged over the years?”
“You have an Army; use them,” Xavier replied sharply then threatened, “because if you don’t, you’re a dead man. You saw what I did to Olenhoff. What’s it going to be?” 
Xavier took his bladed disc and reared his hand back to slice Romanski’s head off. 
“I say yes! I’ll do anything you say,” as he threw up his hands in dread. 
Before Xavier left, he warned him.
 “There are over six hundred thousand of us in New Holland-not counting the others all over the world. We can walk through walls Mr. Prime Minister so we can get to you, your family, your friends-anyone.
He walked up to the wall behind Romanski and stepped right through and disappeared. Romanski fell back in his chair and trembled from his ordeal. He was speechless and went into shock. From that day on, he was a nervous wreck. His condition couldn’t be helped by his psychiatrists, his doctors or his family. He had the shakes and couldn’t tell anyone why because they wouldn’t have believed him anyway.
	Xavier had grown. By involving himself in the life of a mortal, a chain of events led his people down a road that was difficult, but necessary in order for their survival and progress. He had taken on the government, his arch enemies and through his leadership, stabilized their position in New Holland and the world. 
	Alexis wanted Xavier to come to her court when he arrived home. A trial was being held. Anthony thought because no one approached him, he had gotten away with attempted murder and conspiracy to commit murder. Alexis was fed up with the Shadows insubordinate attitude. She ordered all of his supporters and trouble makers to a front row seat at his trial. She promised her his session would be short and revealing to all those who were unaware of the internal conflicts within her family. 
Xavier entered the Assembly Hall amid a crowd of Skeletons who guarded him. He stepped to the throne and took his seat amongst the council. Thousands upon thousands lined the streets outside and waited for the results of the trial. There were so many Goths on the outside that traffic was completely impassible in front of the palace. This was big news. No one from the Royal family had ever been tried during Alexis’ reign.  
	Anthony was under arrest and brought before the court. Dylan Braithwaite was the Prosecutor. Anthony was given a chance to answer for his crimes. Shockingly, he was unrepentant and claimed he acted in true Nokovic fashion, which insulted many who were there. Anthony was accused of attempted murder, a key conspirator in the plot that caused the death of an innocent human being and for the disgrace he brought to them as a people. This meant that he was also a traitor. The air was filled with electricity and charged with intrigue. Who would have thought that so much damage and destruction would have evolved from just one relationship with a mortal female? 
Anthony assumed because his mother Jacqueline, was a member of the Royal Council, his punishment would be light such as, banishment from the Nokovic Empire. That was ok with him. He was ready to leave and start his own faction anyway. This is why Alexis ordered all Shadows to attend his trial. Anthony had misled them into thinking that they would be better off had they been more like the Visigoths and broke away from her rule. She would have none of that. She was prepared to eliminate every single Shadow before that happened. She was sick and tired of her counter parts and was not going to allow any copy cats to follow them. Anthony was convicted by the Royal Council and declared a murderer and a traitor. She decreed that he was no longer an Ostrogoth.  She banished him from her sight and her people forever. Onlookers were a bit more perplexed. They knew what the penalties were for criminal homicide. Some thought maybe the council was going to turn him over to the FLED for his attempted murder of Martinique. 
Jacqueline stepped down from the altar with a broken heart. She exited the assembly chamber through a side door, so everyone assumed. Anthony was escorted from her presence. The assembly was awestruck when Jacqueline re-appeared in front of him before halfway up the aisle. No one saw where she came from. Anthony was surprised, but knew how powerful his Jacqueline was. He paused briefly as his escorts stepped away from him. After a quick moment passed between the two for the last time, she unveiled her sword. She swung and violently separated the head of her son from his body.  A wave of shock and terror rambled through the entire chamber. 
Alexis look fiercely at the Shadows.
 “Anyone else want to follow in his footsteps?” 
They all shook their heads in denial. They bowed down and begged her for forgiveness. Jacqueline proved that the bond, principles and code of the Ostrogoths were sometimes stronger than the relationship between relatives who betrayed those principles.
	Xavier slowly walked off the throne as Anthony’s remains were removed. He wondered if the path he took was worth the trouble that they had endured. He speculated as to whether he would have been better off never taking the actions he felt were right even though they had a disastrous domino effect. He made some mistakes that were costly.  And at the end of it all he felt as alone as a person could feel. He blamed himself for every situation except Anthony, who was evil and was headed for a downfall no matter what. Not everyone can be saved and Anthony was one of those people. 
He walked up the stairs toward his quarters as Max followed him. He lay down on the living room rug as usual. Xavier closed and locked his door. All that was required of him was done.  He was exhausted. He pulled a wallet size picture of Victoria out of his inside shirt pocket and starred at her image as though he could almost make her come to life. How he missed her. He sat down on the sofa they used to lay on when they watched the moonlight and the stars through his window. He leaned back and fell asleep. 
Hours passed as he slept through the night. Just before the darkness gave way to the approaching daylight, something or someone entered the palace. The figure made its way through all the security systems. The mysterious intruder even slipped past unnoticed by Max who was asleep. This unknown entity unlocked his door without using a key. The shadowy figure eerily and silently glided across the apartment seemingly surrounded by an oar of death. The figure sat down on the sofa next to him as he slept unaware. Long, thin fingers reached down toward him. Suddenly, he woke up to the feel of a hand on his face. Then, his eyes widened with shock and amazement. It was Victoria. Using the palm of her hand, she gently pulled him up by the head. Clothed in a bright colored dress, she looked almost angelic as the morning daylight struck her body. 
  Still in disbelief, he was barely able to speak.
 “I don’t understand…how?” 
She stunned him with a secret she had kept from him since the first day they met.
“I’m immortal, I have been all along.” 
After her admission, she pulled him close to her as they embraced. 
“You didn’t really think that you were going to lose me did you?”  She whispered. 

THE END
