Atypical (Saints of the Void, Book 1)
By Michael Valdez
Copyright 2014 Michael Valdez
Smashwords Edition
	


~~~~~


Table of Contents
Prologue
Part 1: Falling Down, Getting Up
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Part 2: Scarred Stronghold
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Part 3: Agents and Agency
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Part 4: Flags
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Afterword



Prologue


“You cannot help everyone. You choose. And even then, that choice may not bear fruit if the ones you choose to help refuse it, or if you make too many mistakes in execution. Loyalty, surprisingly, may be just as treacherous, just as confusing.
“Would you lie for fear of the reaction to the truth? If you saw a perfidious act in play, would you allow it to hurt yourself or your charge if it meant keeping a high status? Would you make yourself a monster to keep another from appearing worse? That can all be counted as loyalty. I ruined myself to keep faith of those who were not keeping faith in me. I did all of this, and what came of it?
“Nothing. The system stands as if I did not exist. It has pushed me aside, but only after having ground me to dust. With that said, I propose to finally take this action we have thought of for so long. We will break a system that we agree is broken, allow our patrons to abandon us in order to become, once again, true to our initial morality. There will be fire set to a diseased forest, allowing for new growth.
“The anomaly we devise will grow to disrupt this great mistake we have made. And from those we save from slavery, I only ask – pray even – to be understood.”
-Honorary Saint Junal Bin-Haak, circa 185 PCE



Chapter 1: Silverline Swan


Saint Dastou’s back was to the waters. Despite the wonder of the view behind him, the beauty he knew he was missing out on, he only worried about the hundred-meter drop that would kill him if he went straight down. He also wondered when those wolves that chased him here would show up.
“Where is it?” he muttered to himself. “Where is it?” Having already repeated the three-word question a hundred times, he kept saying it because he didn’t know what else to say.
This cliff was one of a series of drops, all part of a coastal mountain range. A calamitous seismic event thousands of years ago created these sheer drops, along with their accompanying ridiculously dangerous coastline. Commonly referred to as the Silverline Sharp, Dastou had not been to this area in years. The last time he was here it turned from a place of splendor, rest, and pleasant memories into a hellscape that he needed to ignore. He attempted suicide once since then – something he thought of as a victory, mostly because he failed, partially because it was his only attempt.
After so much time away, he was, to his surprise, able to focus on all the time spent here that made him love this place so much. Picnics, hikes, long talks. Oh, and the sex. The chafing from picnic blankets was worth it every time. The Saint smiled at that last thought, and scratched an imaginary itch at his lower back.
Returning to darker contemplations, Dastou remembered that, during the nightmare visit to the cliff, he was not the one with his back to the sea. When the wind gusted lightly in the present, it dredged up a memory of strands of hair moving along with it in the past, and that movement scaring him. It wasn’t his hair, of course; he had gotten into the habit of shaving his head years ago. Premature baldness didn’t suit him, and purposed baldness was at least more handsome. Plus, his racial background was of the darker-in-skin and scragglier-in-hair variety.
His train of thought made a turn on its tracks back to its original direction, and he wondered again why he came here at all. Dastou was sitting in his office two days ago when his administrator relayed a message from Stone-State’s newly minted ruling body. They wanted to meet with “the honored Saint Cosamian Dastou.” That message nearly gave him a fit of dangerous seizures, and he was abruptly compelled to come back to this cliff when he stopped shaking and drooling. He packed nothing, told no one - just left. The Academy would have to do without it’s headmaster until this excursion was over.
Choo-choo! went the mental train when the Saint heard a wolf bay, and that snapped his attention from his unknown purpose here to the forest ahead. This part of the mountain range was equatorial, so it stayed green all year, and he could barely see past the tree line thirty meters in front of him. He scanned to his left slowly, appreciating how thick and lush this whole coastline was. It curved away from him to create a semi-circle, as if a giant took a bite from the continent of Davranis Central’s western coast. He stood near the midpoint of that semi-circle, the bay a dangerous distance below, the water’s violent splashing against rocks a mild white noise from here.
Another howl came from just behind the tree line, probably in answer to the first. Dastou kept looking further left, following the curve of the bite mark in the coast to see other, less hospitable, less picnic-friendly cliffs. Then he finally saw what he waited on: the wind rustling trees a few kilometers away, making their crowns sway heavily. Being a Saint, he was able to very quickly calculate distance, speed, and direction, and was happy that it all worked out close to what his initial guesses were. If the wind decided not to act according to plan today, agitating those wild animals on the hike up would have turned out to be a very bad idea. Actually, it was a bad idea no matter what, but he’d live.
Ah, and here they were, slowly coming out of the forest. One here, one there, skulking out a bit before stopping to stare at Dastou. The pack came out as if they had rehearsed it for effect, only a second or two separating when any one of them stepped out of the tree line. There were nine in all, an overly large hunting party. Wild animals, even ferocious ones, had a tendency to stay away from Saints in small numbers – something about their scent was frightening and unnatural – so the sum of them was not a surprise.
These untamed canines did not fully leave the shadows of the trees, not yet. They stood, almost dead still, as if waiting for the Saint to make the first move, and to see if that action was something they needed to run from. Dastou obliged them by smiling wide. When he did so, a handful of them twitched as if they were about to bolt, a nervous reaction, and the Saint chuckled.
“Really? You could tear me limb from limb with barely any effort, and a bit of white teeth scares the bunch of you. I know my skin is dark, but the contrast can’t be that intense.”
Dastou made sure the tone of his voice was soft, weak. Something to bait them a little. He had also made sure to be a couple of paces away from the edge of the cliff, and now he could take advantage of that distance. The Saint backed up, slowly, and increased the pace of his breathing in a pretense of fear.
The wolves finally moved forward, onto the short grass beyond the forest, stalking, one paw moving at a time, heads hunched low. None were in a hurry to chase down this particular cornered prey. All nine came at the same pace, a wall of claws and teeth closing in, leaving no place to run.
As they kept coming, Dastou replanted his foot, and then started to move the other in order to reach the extreme edge of the potential fall behind him. He now realized that he wasn’t pretending fright – he was honestly scared. If these nine hunters were men and women, he’d be so relaxed it would be insulting. With people came the opportunity to play on perception, to taunt and cajole, to surprise.
But wolves? They’d trap him, leave him no path to escape to, and wouldn’t celebrate until they were tearing into him. Dastou was just meat and bones to them, a potential culinary delight.
The one in the center of the line of nine looked to be the leader, their alpha male. He stopped moving, hunkered down, and stared at Dastou, the others all doing the same a moment later. After a few seconds of hard, unflinching, unexpected eye-contact, the alpha took off at full sprint, his pack-mates almost instantaneously going with him. Holy void, they were fast!
The wall closed in on the Saint. The nine wolves kicked dust, dirt, and grass into the air with every instinct-forged step, the booming sound of the running almost able to completely drown out their growls and barks. Many of them were salivating, thick goo dripping out the side of their maws as they ran. When they got within a dozen meters, Dastou made his final move, taking one step backward and putting himself half-off the cliff.
A memory flashed in his mind of a similar step taken by someone else, distracting him just long enough so that one of the younger-looking wolves got fully brave and fully stupid and jumped for him when the distance would have been enough to try something like that on safe ground. Unfortunately, sailing through the air with a snarling mouth full of sharp carnivore teeth was the worst idea in the world when there was no place to land. If they were still in the forest where Dastou threw rocks at the wolves den and then took a piss on a tree near it, that wolf would have been the winner of the day, feeding his clan and restoring their pride. For a bare moment in this slow motion event, the Saint figured that voracious pup would make a fine alpha someday.
Dastou pushed off completely and watched the remaining animals halt their advance in a panic, some rolling on the ground violently after they tried to stop. The foolish one that jumped at him didn’t deserve death, not this way. The Saint jerked his knee up, hitting the wolf in its muzzle and stopping most of its forward momentum in a very painful manner. The reckless wolf twisted in the air and went down, hitting the edge of the cliff with its ribs. The wolf’s front paws were holding on, its hind legs scraping in a panic at the rock wall, and it yelped as it clawed its way back to safety.
So, just as the first part of his plan was figured, Dastou plummeted. He faced the sky and watched the cliff edge, and scrambling wolf, get further and further away. He didn’t tumble or turn in fear. He simply looked at the mostly blue sky as he fell away from it, his ruffling clothes and the whistling in his ears creating a loud, calming noise.
The Saint was only gifted a few seconds of that peace when, halfway down to the sea, the wind he took note of earlier struck him hard from the left side. It changed his trajectory, threw him away from the deadly rocks below, and spun him vertically a few times. When he stopped spinning, Dastou could see water was at the top of his vision, slightly tilted. He was now aimed towards a deeper, safer area of the bay, a spot where he could survive.
Sadly, Dastou couldn’t exactly flip himself right-side-up so that his feet were pointed downward, so he’d have to go into the water head first… at an angle… in about two seconds. The Saint took as deep a breath as he could, straightened himself into a bullet, and prepared to have the worst headache of his life.
*****
With a skeleton crew of only three people, all four of the medical rooms were available. None of those spaces had real doors, instead featuring thick curtains. The curtain here was pulled completely to the side, revealing the hallway. Dastou looked over at it, wanting to be on his way.
He sat on a paper-covered exam bed pressing an ice pack to his temple while Saan-Hu, his assistant administrator and a trained medical field agent, unclipped his x-rays from the magnetic backlit rack on the far wall. She was already naturally pale, with long light-blonde hair and grey-blue eyes, and the light from the rack made her skin look almost as white as her lab coat. He recruited her from a beach, some would say, and she could tan well thanks to her lineage. It seemed she barely enjoyed outdoor activities anymore, though he was afraid to bring that up with her for good reason.
Saan looked at the three x-rays carefully for a moment, and then threw them in the trash with unconcealed annoyance before thumbing off the magnetic rack's light, returning herself to a normal skin tone. She grunted as she turned to face her boss and friend, folding her arms across her chest.
"Yes, I know," said Dastou, honestly remorseful and making sure to keep eye-contact.
"Do you?” asked Saan, clearly upset. “Because it seems like you nearly killed yourself and won't explain why."
She had a husky voice and a vowel-chewing southwestern accent, so most of what she said sounded nice whether it was or not. By now everyone knew to take her very seriously.
"I did explain, as much as I could,” Dastou told her.
“A story ending in ‘I don’t really know’ does not count as an explanation.”
“Yet that’s all I have,” Dastou said, accompanying his words with a matching open-palm hand motion. “You know me well enough to be sure I wouldn’t hide things this dangerous or critical. I honestly have no clue why I had to go to Silverline Sharp. By the black, I haven’t been there in years, since before the Academy even opened.”
“When you and your mentor were the last ones left?”
“Essentially… yes,” confirmed Dastou. He decided to hide the not quite ‘critical’ information about Silverline Sharp’s importance to him. Saan-Hu didn’t need to be told about his personal life before the Academy. “I'm fine, though. It wasn't as big of a risk as it sounded like."
"I honestly wish you were not 'fine.' Maybe a broken rib, a concussion, getting blinded in one eye. Something to remind you that you can no longer do this type of thing. Something more than just a headache."
She was actually turning a little red from anger. Saan was good at keeping her composure, but this time she was having difficulty not laying into Dastou – even if he was her commanding officer and leader. She moved a step forward and grabbed the wheeled instrument table from next to him, moved it to the washing area, and began placing the used tools into their designated cleaning or recycling containers. She spoke without looking back towards her patient.
"Your people, they did this kind of act often. It was something they were famous for. That occasional daredevil mentality. But, sir... you are the last. Our headmaster."
Dastou took in and exhaled a deep breath. "I know, I know. I won't do it again if it can be helped. I haven't pulled something like this since Lonoj died. But there was something at that location I had to see again.”
"And you say you have no active knowledge as to what that something is or was?"
"I think... it was footsteps. There were none there when I arrived, not from people anyway. But I think my search had to do with a person. A man standing very still. A citizen. Watching. Smiling."
The last word left Dastou's lips with unplanned anger. He now also realized that he was looking down as he tried to remember his vague reason to be at that damned cliff, and when he looked up again Saan-Hu was staring at him. He told only his mentor about the tragedy that happened at that location, and as he just mentioned, that grey-bearded hard-ass was long dead. His administrator's fear for him was about taking deadly risks when he was the spearhead of something very important, something she cared for deeply since being recruited.
He stopped pushing the ice pack to his temple and tossed it lightly at Saan. She caught the bag with one hand, barely moving any other part of her body.
"My headache is pretty much gone. You can recycle that."
She dropped it into the proper receptacle as Dastou dropped off the exam bed. He stretched his back and neck, and cracked his knuckles.
“Seeing as how we had to leave as soon as I arrived,” said Dastou, “I never asked what happened while I was gone.”
“If you mean scholastically, nothing much, sir,” she responded, much calmer now that she’s on a subject she understands. “The third-years almost all passed their exams. A new record by both percentage and capita. Your decision to do early, pre-test releases for unsatisfactory scores or conduct paid dividends alongside the further changes to hypnotic assessments.”
“Were there any surprises in the ones we figured would fail?”
“No. The easterners failed the portion on metallurgy since you changed it last month, just as you expected. I scheduled a field test for next week, which they should for the most part be able to sail through.”
“Alright. I’ll take a look at my new test phases with the faculty and make sure nothing is discriminatory against easterners when we get back. Thank you, Saan.”
He grabbed his leather jacket from the peg hook next to the doorway just as the remaining member of their skeleton crew came to visit.
"Is this because of the new nickname?" asked Nes from the doorway, leaning casually against the jamb, hands in pockets.
The young man wore a freshly pressed, expertly-tailored dress uniform. His lightly tanned skin tone and shoulder length, lightly curled brown hair further made Saan-Hu look like she spent her life in a dungeon. Nes’s badge, a slightly larger one than standard fare to go with his fancier-than-normal attire, said "Corporal Nesembraci Jaydef, DSF."
"What new nickname?" asked Dastou as he slipped on his jacket.
"They've been calling you 'The Castor Wolf' for a little while now,” responded Nes. “You didn't know?"
"I don't exactly track what people call me these days. My life isn't exciting enough for me to get interesting pseudonyms anymore.” His jacket was on, and he fiddled with it to make it fit perfectly.
"Yeah, last year's 'Educator of the Void' was pretty bad,” said Nes. “I did like 'Grey Principal,' though."
The latter nickname was a reference to the eye color of all Saints and members of their entourages. Dastou's eyes were a pure, bright, grey, unsullied by tint. Saan and Nes’s were grey-blue and grey-dark green, respectively.
"I'll admit," said Dastou, "I liked Grey Principal, too. Castor Wolf doesn't make any sense. What, where, or who is Castor and why am I it’s wolf?"
"Who knows," said Nes, dismissing a topic he had broached to begin with a wave, then letting the loose hand rest on his hip. He tended to be physically emotive. "You alright, though?"
Nes had asked Dastou, sure, but looked at Saan instead, an eyebrow raised. The administrator had been eyeing their exchange, and took the hint to answer the question herself. "He is going to be just fine. Unfortunately. Nothing more than a headache and a pain in my rear end."
Nes squinted at the near use of foul language by the clean-spoken Saan. "Fantastic," Nes said, then looked to Dastou again. "I checked the navigation pane on the way here, and we're twenty minutes out. The delay in leaving the city due to your... ahem... absence, will get us there barely in time."
"That’s good," said Dastou. "Let's get to my office and have a quick lunch. Saan, make sure our software is ready to go before we arrive. The new code I had put in by a student team a few days ago hasn't been checked on."
"Hmph. Because you were supposed to do that," Saan-Hu elaborated. "And went missing. Sir."
“You’re having her check on the software!?” asked Nes, practically laughing. “Hey, Saan, make sure not to hit the wrong handful of buttons and send us right back home.”
Saan glared at Nes. “It is a simple systems check procedure. I can manage. In the meantime, make sure not to be too stressed by the subtleties of the political arena we are stepping into later. Would you like a colorful toy to take your mind off things?”
“No, I think I’ll be fine after lunch and nap time.”
"Children," said Dastou while shaking his head, then walked into the hallway with Nes.



Chapter 2: Sitting At Tables Talking


“Bullshit,” cried Nes. Apparently the story didn’t satisfy him.
“What?” Dastou asked, pretending to be dumbfounded at his disbelief. “That’s what happened, all of it.”
“That can’t be it, there has to be more. You’re telling me you just ‘woke up’ one day, got found, renamed, and became a Saint?”
Ever since Nes was recruited away from civilian life three years ago, he became insistent that the origin story of how his boss became a Saint be told, as if it was anything special.
They were eating as Dastou talked, using the hand-made, dark-brown wooden office desk as a table. Their routine of moving the phone and lamp aside before setting food down was well-practiced from previous meal time chats, yet Nes had never appeared more impatient than while waiting for his friend to start this narrative. The short story had been told over lunch in the Caravan office while the pair waited to be summoned for their appointment, which was now almost an hour overdue despite the skeleton crew’s on-schedule arrival. Which was good, because it took forever to actually make their meal; Saan had decided the night before to punish some students by having them clean and rearrange the kitchen, which resulted in an extended prank that further resulted in a game of “find the cooking implements.”
When Dastou started speaking of his origins, Nes expected: Behold and be regaled! The account of a Saint’s ascendance as told by the Castor Wolf himself!
He received: A five-minute bedtime story. A boring one.
To sum up, Dastou was a ten-year-old boy, lost and crying in the rain after a Social Cypher – a mass-hypnotic event. He was found by his would-be mentor and two others, got renamed… and that was basically it. He became a member of the Sainthood that very evening, with no pomp whatsoever.
The corporal sighed when Dastou, instead of adding to the yarn, mocked his lunch date by very deliberately taking a forkful of good beef from his stew, putting it in his mouth, and chewing slowly. Nes stared at him for a good quarter-minute before realizing there really would be nothing more.
“Weak-eyes...” he cursed, using a derogatory term for civilians that he knows Dastou hates. “You’re a Saint, not the I.T. guy. There has to be more.” 
Nes looked right into Dastou’s eyes and waited again. The young agent’s grey-green eyes were a typical deviation for a DSF soldier, and they always saw right through the Saint’s pure grey, which had changed within a year of being renamed on the rainy street. This time, there was nothing to see.
Dastou finished chewing, swallowed, and then gently wiped at the corner of his mouth with a cloth napkin, all with the patience of someone trying to irritate a good friend.  Grinning, he said one word: “Nope.”
Nes threw up his hands and sighed again in exaggerated aggravation. He turned in his swiveling chair, starting a full circle, his immaculately cut and conditioned ash-brown hair swaying. He did the swaying thing on purpose, as he was a little obsessed with his hair and wrongly thought the shaven-headed Dastou was jealous. Admittedly, it was a fantastic set of locks.
The young corporal eyed the library spread out before him in the substantial office space as he turned in his seat. Six deep shelves on six book cases on the side walls, hundreds of books, all written by Saints. They were in chronological order and only a fraction of the full set, the rest relegated to a depository in their home city of Davranis. Dastou’s eight contributions so far were to the right, in the middle of the final shelf, with his name in bright silver leaf against the vermillion-colored leather bindings. The bottom three shelves on that bookcase were empty, and he wondered when he would have time to once again fully dedicate himself to research and writing.
The huge window behind the desk, tall enough to reach from the floor to the five meter high ceiling and replace the rear wall, was letting in the late morning sun. The Saint turned his head to glance outside. Months ago, when Dastou was asked what space he wanted for the Caravan’s moor, he kept his request simple: “I want to be able to see people.” Today, the first time he was able to come here, he happily looked out on a busy downtown street. Scores of people went about their daily routines, with apartment and office buildings between eight and fifteen stories taking up the view above the crowds. It was a modest but attractive skyline.
The Caravan, big as it was, took up the second to fifth stories nearest the north face of the building. When they got to the city, a system of rail-chains with link-pins the size of his head lifted the Caravan from underground near the west face of the embassy, and then helped push the huge mobile headquarters to one side. Steel beams reinforced with other Saint-designed metals kept the Caravan in place above the lobby of the embassy. It was the type of pointlessly over-complicated engineering feat a Saint could take pride in. Looking out of his window, which was actually both the pieces of glass from his actual office and the embassy’s own view, Dastou wished he could hear the hustle and bustle of the moving crowd below. 
Occasionally, he’d catch someone just barely moving their eyes up to the office to try and catch a glimpse of what was inside. Whether they loved or hated him, they all feared and respected him to the point where even though it was obvious the Caravan was in place, almost no one looked up.
 The embassy was surrounded by a ring road, too, allowing traffic to easily get around the structure, but driving was banned on days when a Saint was paying a visit, and this was the first of those days since the embassy was brand new. All traffic was foot traffic right now, a delightful dance of busy movement since the lunch hour had just tolled a few minutes ago. And if you weren’t done eating or socializing by the time it rang noon, you were forced back to work by mass-hypnotism. The thought of that put a sneer on Dastou’s face, and he looked away from the crowd.
He looked back toward the office space. The sunlight made the metal leaf by-lines on the bindings of every book in the room shimmer; the effect was almost mesmerizing. All the covers were leather for the sake of protection, but the dyes and leafing for the names were different for every author. Saints created the dye colors along with the combination of materials needed for imprinting the writer’s name in a unique way. That level of personalization and detailing was almost pointless until recently, as only the members of the Sainthood or connected entourages ever even knew of the library’s existence. This subsection of books was placed here, where Dastou attends to his administrative duties, as a reminder of the proud and philanthropic collection of beings of which he is the only living member.
“Dastou...” Nes said quietly as he finished the three-hundred-and-sixty degree adventure on the chair, “there’s more. Maybe you don’t realize it, but there is. Like... how did the other Saints know to come get you when you’d awakened?”
“No idea. It just happens, like some animal instinct leading us some place. That instinct is... gone now.”
Dastou didn’t like to think of how he was the final nail in the coffin. Those thoughts never led to a positive disposition, that’s for certain.
“Don’t get dour on me,” said Nes, perfectly aware of his friend’s mood. “The Saints could very well come back. We don’t even know how they really started, or why. We don’t know what comes next.”
“No we don’t, which is why we need the DSF to be as good as they can be until we do know more,” replied Dastou as an obvious change of topic.
Nes rolled his eyes dismissively. “Blah, blah, blah, grandpa. I don’t want to hear it. I didn’t study and I’d do it again.”
They were both twenty-six, but the corporal had gotten into the habit of insulting Dastou’s age due to his role as a leader. Truthfully, the Saint doesn’t allow himself to act like a young man would since he oversees operations for an ever-growing, complex organization – one that he conceived of and created. He’s also worshipped as a god by many people around the world; that kind of attention ages you a bit.
“So then she, whoever she may be, was worth tanking your grade average for the spring?” Dastou asked, already assuming the answer.
“Damn right,” Nes said while smiling. “Fun trumps book learning any day of the week.”
Nes relaxed, having finished his lunch with a bit of time to spare before they are called for their meeting. He sat back in his chair, letting it support him as he picked at his teeth with his tongue.
“Not this time, because you’re taking that class again,” the Saint told him.
“What!?” Nes barked, sitting straight again. “I already scheduled a field test, and my grade will be negated after that. You made those rules.”
“And you are starting your fourth year this summer and are a ranked agent, not some rookie I have to bleed sense into. You’re taking the class again, Nes.”
Nes scratched his chin for a moment, one side of his mouth turned upward. The corporal obviously knew that he could simply be kicked out of the Davranis Security Force and its training school, making him a civilian, a Brightseer – which would mean being susceptible to the Social Cypher. That and having a normal budget for his purchases instead of the Force’s generous stipend.
“Fine,” Nes relented. “I’ll just do my slutting about during the next break.”
He sulked, but only a little. Nes knew most of what he needed to know to set exam records in Advanced Metallurgy Physics, so taking the class again would be close to an actual vacation anyway. He just needed the intermittent push or he’d let his skills be wasted.
Dastou dipped a fork into his stew, stuck a piece of enta beef and a leaf of thick green Gannas pepper to the utensil, and stirred the combination in the bowl for a few seconds. He then stuffed his mouth full and chewed with great pleasure. The pepper had to be burned to a crisp on the outside, allowed to sit for three hours, and then shelled like a peanut before being thrown into the crockpot for maximum effect. The recipe was his own, of course, as Saints typically went out of their way to use ingredients in new ways. No complaints so far.
As Dastou swallowed the food, the buzzer on the intercom went off, signaling the obvious. Nes hit the blue blinking answer button since he was closer to the shoved-aside phone.
“Sir, the Stone-State Council will see you now,” Saan informed them.
“Goddamn, finally,” responded Nes.
Dastou sighed and added: “Thank you, Saan. Inform them that we will arrive shortly.”
“Yes, sir. Try to keep a civil tongue, Nes – these politicians are giving us quite enough trouble as it is.”
“Absolutely, Mum,” Nes responded and, smiling, hit the talk button again to end the conversation.
“You cursed just to bug her, didn’t you?” asked Dastou. Nes snorted, his smile a little wider.
They both stood up and checked their clothing for stains – the Saint sticking with nothing special under his favorite leather jacket, just his typical white buttoned shirt and black jeans combination. Nes’s dress uniform was still perfectly clean, so the corporal grabbed the double-wrap sword belt and sheath next to the desk on his side. He slid the belt on, and then took the sword that was leaning against the desk and slid it into place. He examined the fit, and nodded his approval of himself.
“Do I look scary?” asked Nes, adjusting the way the sheath laid.
“Plenty so.”
“Do I also look good?
“Plenty so. But I prefer scary today.”
“Understood, sir. Let’s go make some fools.”
The wooden door to the office was waiting for them. Dastou and Nes hesitated, glanced at each other, then walked out, fully prepared to be annoyed for the next hour or so.
*****
The Stone-State Embassy was a gorgeous, modern stone structure that showed the ingenuity of ordinary people without Social Cypher interference. This room, though, was made entirely to have specific people look more important than others. Unsurprisingly, it was not to the Saint’s liking.
The high dome ceiling made it feel like they were insects caught inside a turned-over bowl – although that negative interpretation was probably mostly due to Dastou’s annoyance. After the he and Nes entered through a set of double-doors, they had walked along a center aisle between rows of benches for witnesses; all seats were empty. Dastou and Nes stood at the center of the big ground floor, near an adjustable microphone stand. Two large desks meant for the opposing sides of a debate were behind them. The Saint was at the mic and the corporal stood at-ease barely a meter from him.
The Stone-State Council sat at long semi-circular tables on two elevated levels. The first riser held seven men and three women; the second featured six men and five women. They all wore black robes with a colored stripe down the right arm, meant to signify where exactly in the city-state the representative hailed from; this being the second largest proper city-state in the world meant there were enough districts to justify so many politicians. Each seat had a name plaque, and the rounded shape of the elevated desks meant that those seats were essentially equidistant from the centered mic.
At the start of this meeting, the politicians first had a chosen speaker name the representatives, all twenty-one of them. Then, with so much ceremony they may as well have hired dancers to perform during the announcement, they introduced Saint Cosamian Dastou and Corporal Nesembraci Jaydef as “honored guests.” The Saint’s newest nickname, Castor Wolf, was even thrown in for good measure.
Jandal Tryst was the man appointed to control this meeting after the introductory speaker sat down, their leader in so much as this group had one. He was to ask all the questions and make all the accusations. Dastou thought him pretty much a nitwit with a fancy robe, and the representative was digging himself into a deep hole without knowing it.
An older man with a slowly thinning thatch of white-grey hair and a clean shaven jawline, Jandal Tryst had plenty of distinguished and respectable lines on his face. That was, of course, counter to his actual personality.
“You cannot simply have them here at your exclusive discretion, Your Eminence,” said Tryst, his voice haughty no matter what he said. His statement referred to Davranis Security Force agents and their ability to travel freely through borders. The purpose of this meeting was to address that sole concern. “You must see how that tramples on our ability to govern properly.”
“The purpose of the DSF is strictly defensive,” replied Dastou coldly. “We have no intent to interfere with independent nations and have shown very little that would say otherwise.” That was the third phrasing he used for that exact sentiment already.
“Then why do your people stomp about without at least an early warning as to your arrival, hmm? Why do you act as if all lands are yours to bumble through and need not be respected?” asked Tryst, being as overdramatic as possible.
“You agreed to this, long ago,” said Dastou. “There were no papers brought to bear, no treaties signed, but Saints and their entourages of any size have been allowed to cross borders for centuries. If there was a change of heart it was your responsibility to say so.”
“Our ‘responsibility’ is entirely to our people, their safety, and our sovereignty. There is no argument to be made by you, sir, that would grant power over any of that. Particularly not at this point in our growth as a nation.”
Several Stone-State Council members were visibly uncomfortable at Jandal Tryst’s forcefulness. The Sainthood, as long as it had been known to exist, was allowed free passage all over the world, welcomed with some combination of open arms, gifts, worship, fear, and awe. What was worse was that this all sounded rehearsed. Tryst wanted to show how smart and strong he was when facing off against a man who was given respect by most of the world’s population. Maybe not love, maybe not worship, but certainly respect. Dastou didn’t have to practice or pretend at authority – he simply had it, and he was tired of this meeting after only twenty minutes. Something felt deeply wrong to him about this sudden power-grab.
“The new bridge over the Loudani District river is quite nice. The suspension is stronger, and will support your growing population with ease,” commented Dastou, playing the card up his sleeve much earlier than planned.
Confused by the shift in conversation, Tryst looked at a few of his colleagues before speaking. They were no help, mostly offering shrugs or befuddled expressions.
“Yes, it’s... quite the engineering marvel. But what does...”
“Do you remember being there when it was built?” interrupted Dastou.
“What?” asked Tryst, his voice cracking on that single word. The subject being broached was taboo, but Dastou did not relent.
“Of course you don’t. But we know you were,” said the Saint, doing his very best not to smirk. Or at least mostly his very best.
The Council broke into pockets of whispers. Dastou couldn’t hear what they said, but he could guess at some of it. Why is he talking about this? What point is he trying to make? They all hid their mouths with a hand as they talked, knowing that their guest at the mic could read lips.
“Do you care to know,” continued Dastou, “just how we’re sure you were there?”
The whispers ceased, all the politicians wanting to see where the Saint was leading them. Dastou waited an extra couple of seconds before his next statement just for a little added flair. Tryst wasn’t the only one able to pump up some fake tension.
“We know because that is our most important goal: to gather information that no one else can. That includes information on Social Cyphers, its participants, and its goals. From the inception of my organization, that is what we have done.”
The glance Dastou gave to Nes had two intentions. The first was to show what exactly he meant when he said “we.” He wanted to point out the young, fit, handsome, dedicated corporal as much as the customized and considerably dangerous dress sword hanging at his side. The second aim was to see how close Nes was to laughing at the roundabout insult being made. Not close enough, sadly.
They had made a bet about this. Four such meetings in as many months and Dastou always had some trick to play: a mineral lode location to give up, a new technology to leverage away, and so on. Usually when the depth of the Saint’s preparation was revealed, Nes laughed heartily at how ignorant the holders of the meeting were about thinking they had any power over the still-new DSF just because there was only one Saint running it. The wager for today was that if the corporal could hold in his chuckles like a professional, Dastou would buy him dinner for a month. The odd bet came from the Saint having decided to experiment by only using money from a set stipend for a year, just to see what it was like to be limited in expenditures for personal use. Nes’s stolid expression meant the Saint was about to be very broke for a few weeks while his friend ordered nothing but expensive seafood and rare fruits.
“That is why we cross borders,” admitted Dastou after looking back toward the seated council. “All your sovereignty and independence means a lot to you, but it has nothing to do with us. We are independent as well, and the Davranis Security Force will not halt our missions or research. They are, technically, my entourage, and the unspoken law has been that they may travel as if I was with them at all times. I don’t care what you want out of...”
And just as he was finishing up the slight that this entire meeting was leading to, the Saint just stopped. He froze in place, not even blinking, like some animals do as a self-defense posture. All Dastou could focus on was Tryst’s disinterest in what was being said while everyone else was enthralled to find out why the DSF existed – a secret held close for the half-decade the Academy has existed in earnest. Something else, too. Tryst was looking down until Dastou stopped mid-sentence, his eyes and nothing else moving left to right then back again. Receiving a message, maybe?
“Hey, you alright?” asked Nes, letting the forced hard countenance drop for real concern.
Dastou barely heard him. His mind had been taken over by an overwhelming, instinctual sensation, and he knew only one thing at that very moment, which he said out loud.
“We have to go. Now.” As soon as Dastou said that he turned around and started walking – fast – towards the exit.
“What?” asked Nes, keeping pace with the Saint toward the double doors between and past the benches. The Stone-State Council, if somewhat put-off by the bringing up of a taboo subject like the Cypher, were likely further incensed at this sudden desire to exit very soon after. It didn’t matter, not as much as the need to get out of this place and back to somewhere... safer?
Dastou shoved open both doors, and as the honored guests were walking out into the hall, a small earthquake struck as if waiting for the best possible timing. Barely enough to shake what little dust had accumulated in this new building, the Council members could nonetheless be heard standing up, half-panicked voices asking several variations of “what is happening?” The Saint asked himself the same question while rushing out and away.
*****
Dastou hurriedly opened the door to his office and entered. Nes, still right behind him, closed the door. The click-click of the hidden magnetic deadbolt meant that the corporal had swiped his thumb on a black plastic strip next to the door to activate the security feature.
Saan-Hu was leaning against the desk, and the Saint could see she had some questions lined up and ready to go. Her dumbfounded look also revealed that if she could turn pale, she would have. He had assigned Saan the task of hacking the security camera feed that the Council thought was their secret and record the meeting. She must have seen his abrupt exit right before the minor earthquake and been in this office as soon as she could get inside.
“How...?” she began to ask.
“I don’t know,” interjected Dastou as they walked towards the middle of the room to meet. “Something felt off, weird. All I knew was that we had to leave there immediately.”
“At least we gave them an interesting little meeting,” added Nes as he joined the other two.
“The end of which featured an apparent psychic prediction,” said Saan.
While it did seem that way, Dastou had never heard of one of his kind being able to predict something like what just happened. “Honestly, that was a coincidence. I left because of Tryst acting strangely. I think he received a message while I was speaking at the end.”
“Well, sir…” Saan said, crossing her arms. “That was rude of him, yes, but not worth upsetting the council further.”
“It wasn’t Tryst’s actions that made me leave, it was instinct, reflex. Something about the way he was acting combined with the meeting. I just felt like I had to leave, go somewhere protected. Don’t ask me why, because I have no idea.”
Nes laughed. “You say that like we’re not used to you doing weird stuff with little explanation.”
Dastou sneered at him, but what Nes said was true. Lately, the Saint had become secretive. He was having fits, near-seizures like the one that drove him back to Silverline Sharp. He also had a tendency lately to disappear, go somewhere in the Academy or Caravan and come back in two or three hours, having no clue as to what he did with the time. He kept it to himself, not wanting to reveal all of it without knowing more, even if that was irresponsible of him.
“Speaking of explanations,” said Saan, “should I assume you’ll want to contact a science team to come here and research the seismic activity after we leave?”
The science team would be standard operating procedure, but this was a strange occurrence considering the history of the lands on which Stone-State was built. He shook his head at Saan-Hu’s question.
“No, we’ll use the Caravan and stay with them. I want to be here in case the volcano has become active again.”
Nes and Saan looked at each other, apparently confirming that neither of them had missed a step in this conversation.
“Hey, uh... you did that thing you do sometimes,” Nes told Dastou.
“What?” replied the Saint.
“You mentioned something that you think we know. Something about a goddamn volcano.”
Ah, yes. Of course they wouldn’t know about it. Not unexpected considering where the information was recorded and how it was found. In the fourth generation of Saints – we were now in the sixteenth – risky sea voyages were being made across the ocean by Dastou’s more or less daft Sainthood progenitors. A series of volcanoes were discovered along the coast of this western continent, the one below Stone-State being the oldest, the furthest from the coastline, and nearly four times larger than any other. It was also guessed to have been inactive the longest, essentially dead. Unfortunately, today’s tremble may signal something terrible for the future. 
“Right,” Dastou said. “Sorry. Let me show you what I’m talking about.”
Dastou moved towards a shelf in the middle of the wall to his right. It took a moment to find the book he wanted, Anchor River of the West, Geological, just below eye level, and he slid it out. Leather with dark green dye and yellow leafing revealed who the author was before Dastou even read the name: Saint Avrazi Keymeign, from three generations ago. She and another Saint, her husband Breddis Gosch, decided to explore one of the “future build” locations on this continent. 
Future build locality types were where a Saint figured a major Social Cypher construction project would soon begin due to population expansion. The climate in this area is comfortably warm for most of the year, so the couple was basically on a celebratory holiday for their twentieth anniversary, scouting only after they had their rest and relaxation. Keymeign did the work of creating maps in as much detail as she could, and Gosch studied the flora and fauna for his companion volume to Anchor River.
Dastou walked back to the desk while flipping pages to find what he needed. Saan moved the wheeled guest chair out of the way and the book was laid down on the desk, opposite the Saint’s usual seat. He turned a few more pages, and nodded when he found what he was looking for. The manuscript was opened to show an immaculate, hand-drawn map of a river bed and surrounding area. Stone-State was built on those lands starting in 397 P.N., forty-two years ago. Saan and Nes looked over Dastou’s shoulder, almost certainly focusing on the clearly important words “dormant volcano,” which were scribbled neatly and dead center of a border drawn in dots of ink.
“It’s been completely dormant for ten-thousand years or so,” said Dastou. “Before that period of dormancy, the previous eruption was around a quarter-of-a-million years ago. Don’t ask me how I know that, it’s in the Null Bank.”
The Null Bank is the name the Sainthood gave to a mass repository of knowledge all of his kind could access at will upon their awakenings. To put it simply: it was an encyclopedia of immeasurable depth in each Saint’s brain. They must learn to limit access to it early on or lose their minds to an overabundance of data. That level of on-hand information and a Saint’s typically excellent skill at thinking quickly is how Avrazi Keymeign explored an essentially wild, forested area so well that she could consider it a vacation before creating the maps. Saint Breddis Gosch was able to keep from poisoning himself too badly while collecting and examining samples of the local plant life. He did describe, in great detail, the color and viscosity of his vomit after finding a root that smelled like well-done enta-bull beef, but tasted like a spicy tea additive he found on another continent. He never did find a good use for that mildly toxic root.
“If the Null Bank is mistaken,” the Saint continued, “and this volcano is a danger, we need to know. We need to be here in case evacuation is necessary.”
The three of them stayed silent, knowing exactly why they’d have to stay and help. Five years ago, a city was hit by a hurricane, and the citizens in its direct path of destruction perished. There are no Social Cypher triggers for natural disasters, so floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, and so on are all ignored by the state of emergency infrastructure. Yes, the damage afterward is repaired by mass-hypnotism, but that’s all. Thousands of lives could be saved every year with proper evacuation practices.
“I also don’t want these politicians kicking out the researchers,” elaborated Dastou, adding to the unspoken agreement that they would all join this mission. “They might not think of a small tremor as a matter of importance, so some unarmed researchers would be easy targets for exportation to teach us some kind of lesson about respecting borders. Either way I expect to have to deal with Jandal Tryst again soon enough – he won’t be happy when we return, even if he now knows why.”
“Fantastic,” said Nes. “I always said I can never get enough vaguely hostile bureaucracy.”
“Hmph,” muttered Saan, agreeing with the corporal.
“We’ll pack light for when we come back and sleep in the barracks with the security contingent if it ends up being an overnighter,” continued Dastou. “If possible...”
He froze in place again, but this time everyone knew why: the Saint’s words were cut off by an explosion at the window.



Chapter 3: Leftover Debris


The sound of the blast was not very loud, but it was sudden and unexpected. The Saint made sure to appear unruffled, but Nes had drawn his sword and was in front of the unarmed Saan-Hu before he must have realized how pointless his actions were. She was as well-trained as he was, maybe more so, and would probably be offended by his brotherly protective instinct. Plus, the window was actually made of a twenty-centimeter-thick substance Dastou and his mentor invented that only looked like glass. The material’s properties were kept from the public, and it was far too resilient to be damaged by anything that wasn’t also developed by a Saint.
“A rocket,” said Dastou, hiding most of his outright surprise. “If this was one of the other windows in the building we’d all be dead or severely injured,” 
“Who in the hell would do that!?” asked Nes, putting his sword away with a hand that he almost completely kept from shaking.
Dastou walked around the desk toward the window and Nes went around the other side of the furniture to get to the viewpoint as well, even if thick black smoke made it impossible to see anything for the moment. On the way the Saint looked at Saan as she pressed her thumb against a hidden finger-print scanner on the desk, masked to perfectly match the dark-brown wood. A short beep could be heard before a thin monitor began to unfold from the flat wood of the desk in such a way that Dastou, normally seated on the other side, would be able to use it; the Saint had an affinity for hiding things in plain sight. 
The monitor featured a ball-joint swivel and Saan smoothly turned the screen to face her. A bright-green holographic keyboard was projected on the desk in front of her from a tiny projector on the bottom edge of the monitor, part of it on top of Keymeign’s guide. She grunted in annoyance and shoved Anchor River of the West, Geological aside. Saan did all this in the three steps the Saint took to get closer to the window, but now he put his attention to the view again now that he was closer to it.
Dastou and Nes arrived at the window simultaneously, and by this time the thick smoke outside had been mostly cleared by a light wind. Residue of whatever explosive was in the rocket was smeared over a lot of the not-quite-glass, but there was enough clean space near his feet for the Saint to look out from and see the results of the brazen daytime attack.
A few dozen panicking citizens on the sidewalks of the downtown road grabbed Dastou’s attention first. Many of those people, particularly ones close to the embassy, were holding their ears. The sound of the blast, muffled by the protective material of the window, must have been deafening to those poor innocents.
“Cleaners going out,” announced Saan from behind.
The second she finished the short sentence, three fist-sized spheres with spinning, whirring blades flew out of the Caravan from a vent above the window, another section of the view not fully covered with black residue. Small spots of the view started to get clearer and clearer, the little spheres spraying a fast-evaporating chemical onto the dirty window, then using an air-suction mechanism directly on the transparent material to suck up the grime. This was far more difficult of a job than the cleaning spheres were meant for; they were just a convenience tool so that no one would have to get out and clean the outside of the Caravan unless some rookies needed punishing for a weekend. Other vents for the whirring tools were blocked by the walls of the embassy, so it took a good half-a-minute before the window was mostly see-through again, though there was a thin layer of gunk still left behind.
Another short round of whir, spray, and suck and the windows was completely clean again. The spheres’ visible status diodes were all blinking red at a fast pace, signaling the need for maintenance. Each of those three would have to be taken apart, detailed, and put back together soon – explosive fuel was not what they were meant to wipe down.
With the whole window completely clean again, the whole street ahead and below was in view. It was more of what was visible earlier: lots of confusion and panic from dozens of people. The only people not panicking were two blocks away, in the middle of the wide two-way street and right on top of the trolley tracks that split the road. There were three of them, all men, and they were busy.
One of them was putting down a single-use rocket launcher, having already unleashed its payload, next to a big duffle bag at his feet. Another was in front of an identical bag, picking up an identical weapon, this one armed and ready to fire. The third man, between the other two, only had binoculars. Clearly the spotter or scout of the group, he was looking right at the Caravan office window. He was probably hoping to see the extent of the damage in order to call the shot for the next rocket or the lack of need for it. Instead, the only sight to see was an outwardly calm Saint Cosamian Dastou and an all-around pissed off DSF corporal.
The Saint made absolutely sure that his appearance was that of pure, calculating serenity. Sometimes it was the image of someone who was always in control and prepared for anything that helped him achieve a goal, so he kept his composure. It was an incredible feat thanks to a hatred that grew stronger by the second for these criminals. Dastou found his fists squeezing far too tight at his sides and relaxed them as much as he could force himself to.
“Them. It’s them,” said Nes, stating the obvious because there was little else to say. His voice carried a deep, quiet, true vitriol that was frightening. The corporal was at least a little cheery even at his worst, but he’ll never have witnessed anything like this in his sheltered city life.
The scout with the binoculars waved at his comrades and said something, but never stopped looking towards the embassy. Distance kept Dastou from being able to decipher their words, and he couldn’t focus his mind to see farther as he normally would have. It was easy to tell, however, that the scout told the second rocket-carrier not to fire at their previous target. Binocular Scout spoke again, and the response was a stunned look from the other two. The scout, his actions showing him to be the leader of the small group, stopped spying through the binoculars and took a long look at each of his comrades, speaking to them once more. The others nodded. The one who fired the first rocket put his used and recyclable launcher in the duffle bag, then picked it up.
The attacker with the still-armed weapon shouldered his armament and took aim. Dastou looked in the general direction of where the ordnance was pointed, and for the first time in a long time, his mind went absolutely blank with horror.
The rocket was aimed at a pipe running up the side of an apartment building, the closest edifice to the Stone-State Embassy on the Saint’s left. That wrist-thick pipe carried siopane, a liquid fuel that is used throughout modernized cities. Unfortunately it was an invention of the Sainthood, a collaborative effort from all living members of the organization a couple of decades ago, meant to take advantage of untapped natural resources. As such, the Social Cypher hypnotism that creates and maintains infrastructure made no room for it, so piping was designed for the outside of buildings, with smaller tubes leading to a single valve on each floor that citizens could use to refill pressure-sealed containers. Only a handful of city-states were outfitted with the pipes, and only three or four blocks total in those areas. Downtown Stone-State, specifically here in the Loudani District, was priority due to its population.
When the rocket hit a section of the fuel pipe near the fourth floor, a pipe that ran from under the building all the way to the roof, it created a cascade of violence that was too fast, too intense for even Dastou’s unique mind to completely follow. The pipe and exploded, yes, but the siopane fuel that was ignited created a massive follow-up detonation. The blue-green light of the burning fuel made the road immediately in front of the embassy look like a monochrome midnight carnival. During that fraction-of-a-second light show, most of the street-facing side of the apartment building the fuel channel was attached to blew apart. Rubble shooting away from it was like cannon fire, and the shockwave from the explosion was far worse than the earthquake a few minutes prior. The sonic blast shattered every piece of real glass within view, creating a deadly rainfall that spread outward.
The blown away debris hit people, cars, and the buildings on the other side the street. Most people hit with a piece larger than a fist died instantly; the rest were knocked unconscious, severely injured, or both. A gross spray of blood littered the air from smaller bits of stone that penetrated skin instead of or before destroying bone. Bodies were tossed like paper in a strong wind by the force of the explosion, or powerful concrete debris, or other bodies ramming against them.
Cars, all parked thanks to a halt in traffic due to Dastou’s arrival in town, were battered, tossed, or toppled. The sounds of metal crumpling, crunching, and screeching were so loud, so abrasive they could be heard through the thick window. The structures closest to the targeted building, including the embassy, were pelted with some of the high-speed rubble projectiles, but the stone and concrete construction of those places stood strong despite the bombardment, the damage was obvious and intense if not enough to cause any single edifice to completely fall apart.
The explosive portion of the incident was over in what barely counted as a long moment, and Dastou and his cohorts were already surveying the horrific results down below. A fog made of pulverized concrete was in the air, making it hard to see, but the culprits were still visible if one focused – and Dastou was focusing very hard. The three criminals ran westward, through an alley on the same side of the street as the building they targeted, and out of sight.
“I’m gonna kill them, I swear it,” promised Nes in anger, the same dark single-mindedness in his voice that he displayed when he first saw the criminals. The corporal had barely turned his head away from the view before being rebuffed.
“We can’t chase them down immediately, the Cypher is starting up,” cautioned Dastou.
Nes looked back down at the disaster area and saw it. Anyone on the street who was not injured too badly started moving with precision, purpose. It never ceased to amaze how well or how quickly mass-hypnotism worked – it turned everyone involved into machines, incapable of doing anything but their assigned task and doing it extremely well. As the dust from pulverized concrete and bricks literally settled, it became easier to see that the deaths were far fewer than the various injuries, and a triage area was being cleared within a minute of the attackers escaping. Siopane has a short life span in open air, thankfully, so there were only a few instances of a blue-green flame attached to one object or another, all of which were dissipating quickly.
The problem with the incredible focus exhibited in a hypnotism event is that anything not directly involved with it is ignored, so the DSF has explicit orders to avoid Social Cyphers at all times other than emergencies. When they record information, they do so from a distance, with high-grade cameras and other such equipment. This, however, was not a standard event: it was an attack. Dastou pondered his next action as he watched the Cypher in action, knowing that the criminals would get away without him breaking his own rules about interference. Nes’s next words snapped him out of his thoughts.
“What are they doing?” asked Nes in a worried tone. “She needs to be moved, too.” He was pointing at something.
Dastou found the abnormality without much trouble: a woman, injured and out cold, was being wholly ignored. The other victims near her were starting to be efficiently separated into areas for the dead and two intensities of wounds, severe and minor. But not her. Hypnotized citizens walked around her as if she didn’t exist, and it had already been almost two minutes since the explosion.
“I can’t tell how badly hurt she is, sir,” said Saan-Hu, having found the woman via exterior cameras. “If she is bleeding internally, she may die without the same medical attention others are getting.”
“This is a strange enough event as it is,” mentioned the Saint. “Anything else out of the ordinary might give us clues as to what happened. We’ll go and take care of her ourselves.” He looked away from the window and at his comrades again. “Saan, bring medical supplies with everything you think’ll help. Nes, arm up.”
“And the Interference Clause?” asked Saan.
“We won’t do much, for now, just help that girl. With this big a mess I don’t think we’ll really be in the way.”
Saan nodded, and used the holographic keyboard to input a series of commands. When she finished, the bookshelves to either side of her slid away from the wall with a hydraulic hiss, then to one side with another hiss, revealing supply closets. In one closet were general use supplies, about half being medical in purpose. The other held an array of warfare provisions, which Nes walked to eagerly.
Nes began his prep by putting his decorative arm-length sword away on a pair of horizontal hooks; it wouldn’t be too useful against people who were using rocket launchers. He grabbed a standard bullpup assault rifle and a multi-pocketed combat belt. He stuck two extra magazines to magnetic holsters and put a few large, chrome spherical devices that looked like marbles in pockets on the belt. The corporal also strapped an armband med kit on his upper arm. Finally, a wireless throat mic package was taken from a drawer in the same closet that had several of them. He attached the circular, circuitry-filled patch from the package just below his jaw near his jugular, a body heat activated glue keeping it in place on his clean-shaven neck. A small receiver went into his ear canal just deep enough so it didn’t block all outside noise, while the hand-sized transceiver went into a slot on his belt, the turn-knobs for frequency and volume / power accessible from the top.
Saan took what she needed to treat a maximum of five patients in a triage situation. Their medicine was so far ahead of what civilians had access to that it only took a mid-sized shoulder bag to hold it all compared to the full public supply cache that would be emptied for the same number of patients. They were probably only going to be treating the one woman, but Saan was an administrator with a theoretically unlimited budget, so she tended to ask for, receive, and take far more than she ever truly needed.
Dastou walked near Nes and grabbed a throat mic package for himself, but only put it in an inside jacket pocket for now. He went back to his desk, swiveled the monitor forward and closed it, making it once again indistinguishable from the bare wood of the desk. The Saint looked at each member of his skeleton crew to confirm their readiness, and then led them to the door. He wasn’t grinning, but was obviously looking forward to continuing with this strange day, despite a boiling, neck-snapping level of anger.
“I hate you sometimes, you incredible freak,” commented Nes as he followed his suddenly somewhat optimistic friend and leader out the door.
“Hmph,” Saan agreed.
*****
Four security officers, two inside and two outside, guarded the series of glass-paned doors that served as the main entryway of the Stone-State Embassy. They sported the bright, sky-blue eyes of a person under Social Cypher influence and wore breathing masks that protected them from any lingering airborne dangers. Their presence here meant that some base aspect of the infrastructure-controlling hypnotic suggestion recognized the embassy or the people inside it as important and was keeping it safe. The glass on the doors was shattered as well as the windows, so Dastou and company simply walked through one of the exits, stepping carefully.
On ground level, it was like treading into a cloud. Almost everything looked grey from concrete dust, with occasional hints of reddish-grey thanks to pulverized brick. It made the shining sky-blue eyes of the worker bees extra creepy by how much they stood out against the newly monochromatic area. The concrete “fog” was dissipating fast, thankfully, and allowing a more natural mid-day light to come through. Seeing the sun high in the sky signifying noon reminded Dastou that he only came to town for the summons less than two hours ago.
The trio ignored sidewalks and went directly onto the ring road to cut a straighter path toward their mysterious injured girl. Every step they took made concrete dust puff up, resulting in a good amount of grey stuff clinging to their shoes and the hems of their pants, the rest of their bodies being colored – or technically discolored – in smaller amounts by what was airborne. Their strides also let loose a distinctive crunch thanks to the broken glass and stone debris everywhere. With three of them walking at the same pace, the noise, though not loud, was constant. It was not at the same volume as the occasional pained cries coming from the injured and echoing along the streets, but at least the latter sounds were less regular. 
“This disaster is markedly worse at eye level,” realized Saan.
“Maybe not worse, just... closer,” Nes said. “It looked just as horrible to me upstairs, but now I can smell the blood, taste the dust, hear the pain.”
“Even with the Sainthood’s long-standing tenacity for record-keeping, I’ve never heard of a Brightseer-led attack like this,” said Dastou. “The closest are maybe minor skirmishes between city-states, or the war in Davranis South, but that was understandable compared to this, coming from a desire for property, livestock, money, power. I can’t even guess as to what the purpose of this insanity could’ve been.”
Nes was unable to keep a barely checked anger out of his voice. “Whatever reasons those bastards had to do this, I plan on not being too nice when I ask about it. This is... too much to show mercy for.”
Dastou was glad that the fuel pipe exploded the way it did. This event was therefore treated as an industrial-type accident, so it would be taken care of properly. If those criminals had only attacked other people, there was no way of predicting what would have happened afterwards.
Saan-Hu spotted the girl again, and jogged to her position on the western sidewalk. The men followed, and all three stopped in front of the victim. Saan opened her shoulder bag and handed Nes a small, tightly wrapped square of cloth along with a small glue gun. The corporal, following DSF triage procedure, fully unfurled the tarp. He spread the two-meter-squared item on the ground. After it was down, he cleared the spot below a corner of the tarp of any debris and used the glue gun to adhere the sheet to the sidewalk. Nes repeated that last step three more times, making sure the sheeting was well stuck to the pavement at the corners. Dastou gave the young woman a quick visual examination, saw no immediate need to be extra careful, then picked her up from the dirty sidewalk and put her back down on the triage fabric.
Dastou and Nes stepped back as Saan got to work. First, an aerosol stimulant was used to wake the girl up. The stranger coughed and shivered for a few seconds, blinked for a little while, and groggily sat up on her own. The Saint did a more thorough visual exam of her, trying to gather ideas as to who she was.
Even with her face covered in dust and dirt, her age was easy to tell as similar to theirs. She was quite thin, her clothes scarcely a step above rags and none of it quite her size; her shirt and pants were too big, her glasses too small and likely not her prescription, and her already run-down shoes had the tips cut away to let her feet fit better. Her hair color was hard to determine with it so filthy, but it looked very dark brown or black, long and straight as an arrow. Skin-tone could be better determined with some spots cleaner than others, and it looked like a very light brown with a slight yellow tint. That and the girl’s almond-shaped eyes hinted that she was from a land east of Dastou’s home. She was over halfway across the world from where she was likely born, another bit of intrigue.
The stranger looked around after her coughing ceased, focusing on the destruction and not the people close to her. She was clearly perturbed by the remnants of the violent scene. The aerosol stimulant Saan chose to use had a painkiller in it, possibly making the girl’s thoughts a bit foggy.
“Please stay calm, miss, you’ll be fine. Try not to move,” said Saan. She softened her voice a bit, part of standard medical training to keep the patient as tranquil as possible. “What is your name? Can you tell me?”
“I’m... I’m Trenna... Trenna Geil. What happened to me?” Her voice was a little thick, another side-effect of the painkiller which would be gone by the next time the girl spoke. Saan unwrapped a long gauze bandage as the woman looked at her confused, as if she would not have expected to be cared for.
“Lift your arms a bit, please. I need to wrap this around your abdomen.”
“Yes... sure,” responded Trenna quietly.
Trenna followed the instruction given and allowed Saan to lift her t-shirt up slightly, revealing the midriff of someone in need of a good meal. Maybe a few.
“Hold onto this,” Saan-Hu instructed, handing over the pulled-up hem of the shirt.
Trenna once again did as asked, and the bandage was wrapped around the woman’s belly and back, covering up some bruises that looked like they were headed for an ugly shade of purple. The dressing was coated in a different mild analgesic that would speed up the natural healing process by nearly three-hundred percent – since she looked malnourished, that factor would be lower.
The girl was told to pull her shirt down, and did so. She was told to hold each arm out as Saan wrapped them with similar but weaker bandages, and did so again. Trenna was following instructions as if she was too afraid to do anything else. All of the bandages chosen created a balance that would result in faster healing without numbing body parts so much that it could result in further injury; Saan was very good at this. Dastou and Nes were behind the impromptu nurse, but Trenna was too busy looking at her caretaker, or occasionally at the ground, to notice them. Saan finished by cleaning and disinfecting the remaining minor cuts. The whole treatment took less than ten minutes.
Saan looked the girl over one last time and was satisfied with her own work. “I’m done here, and you should be just fine, miss. No obvious internal bleeding either, which is wonderful. Thank you for being cooperative.”
“Um, yes. I mean, thank you so much,” she said, looking up respectfully. “It doesn’t hurt very...” 
She cut herself off having now noticed Dastou. Her immediate next action was to prostrate herself before him, bowing low. Her forehead almost touched the tarp, and her arms were outstretched, palms down. She hastily recited an old verse of worship:
“To the souls of black vision and serendipity,
To the scales that balance against blue,
To those that sail the frightful and unknowable,
I pledge my mind, my actions, and my bright eyes.”
Trenna Geil said those words so fast she almost spat them, yet they were sharp and clear. Dastou felt like he was just thrown naked into a near-freezing stream: suddenly upset and wanting to be anywhere else. Saints disliked being worshipped in general, but he, as the last one, seemed to take that feeling to an entirely new level of discomfort. He had to deal with the political fallback stemming from a new sense of independence by people all over the world these last few years, but he was happier for it. He was worshipped far less openly, with mostly reverent bows at the waist or clasped hands as he walked by. Sometimes, and preferably, with quiet respect, like most members of the Stone-State Council had done while Jandal Tryst rambled on during their meeting.
“Stop it!” barked Saan out of nowhere. “You were just bandaged – such sudden movements will not help your healing process.” Her reasons for the reprimand were true, but she also would know how Dastou felt about the girl’s sudden bout of faithfulness.
Trenna was only displaying her beliefs, and was admonished so harshly that she clammed up again. She just sat up, but stayed on her knees, hands on her thighs. She also kept her head and eyes down. Nes went to her side and stood her up gently with a hand under her forearm, not allowing her to keep the shamed position. The girl was on her feet in a moment, and when she dared look at Dastou again, he didn’t bother hiding his irritation.
Trenna stammered through an apology. “I... I’m sorry, Your Eminence, I didn’t mean to offend. I...”
“My name is Cosamian Dastou, not ‘Your Eminence.’” Dastou said, interrupting. “You may call me Dastou, or Mr. Dastou, or sir, I don’t care. Anything but some mark of worship.”
“Y... yes, sir. I’m sorry... Mr. Dastou.”
Nes offered the Saint an unkind stare. Saan, who was in the injured girl’s periphery, gave him a similar visual rebuke. Dastou understood, and began to apologize.
“I’m sorry... Trenna was it?” he said, pretending not to know her name or have figured out her birthplace. The girl’s voice was a common local accent, practiced and nearly perfected, but hints of something else in her words during the prayer proved to Dastou that his initial guesses as to where she was born were dead on.
Trenna hesitated, but Nes squeezed her elbow for support. “Trenna Geil, yes.”
“This attack has me a more than a bit upset,” said Dastou, making sure to keep a respectful, empathic air to his voice. “I have to ask, though, what exactly are you doing here? Do you live here?”
“No, sir. I mean yes, but....” Her hands were shaking slightly.
Trenna looked around again. The rubble, the triage situation, the injured, the dead. The blood splatters, much of it making a disgusting mud with the concrete or brick powder on the ground. All of it seemed to appall her.
“What happened here?” Trenna asked slowly.
The Saint responded, hoping to continue appearing more personable. “Three men attacked us, and failed. They did all this to cover their escape.”
Trenna was starting panic, her breath coming in and out faster, and her eyes unable to focus. This was not helpful. Dastou had a feeling that she may be the single useful witness at this scene; they needed her cogent. Nes put a hand on her shoulder, again doing so gently, trying to keep her from losing it.
“It’s alright, Trenna, it’s over now,” said Nes. “We just want to know if you have information that can help us sort this all out.” 
She looked at the rectangular badge on Nes’s chest, trying to figure out if she should listen to “Corporal Nesembraci Jaydef” at all. Despite the kindness, he was not as important to her as Saan-Hu, the woman who bandaged her, or the being she worshiped. Trenna looked at ground for a long few seconds before she spoke again.
“The last thing I remember,” she started, “is getting ready to go out. I got dressed, was about to leave. Then everything went black.”
She looked up again, making occasional eye contact with her saviors. Dastou looked toward Nes, who just shrugged. None of them knew where this incredibly vague story was going, or why Trenna was suddenly edgy.
“Did you black out during the attack?” asked Dastou.
“No, sir, before.”
“’Before?’” Saan repeated. “I am sorry but, how…?”
“How did I end up here?” Trenna finished. “I think, maybe, I was left here to die.”
Nes’s eyes opened a little wider at that revelation. “That’s unbelievable. By whom?”
“By the ones who did this,” Dastou assumed, answering for Trenna. “And you’re one of them.”
The surprise on Nes’s face intensified slightly, and even Saan-Hu was visibly perturbed. Those expressions did not change when Trenna responded in a matter-of-fact tone.
“Yes, sir. They’re my people. I didn’t think they could ever do something like this, but…”
“Who else could the way our world is,” said the Saint, finishing the girl’s thought when she froze up.
After another few seconds of silence, Dastou tilts his head at Saan, suggesting she prod the girl to keep going. Nes saw the signal and moved to the side, giving Trenna space.
“A lot of people are hurt here, or dead,” Saan said bluntly. “Go on, please, tell us everything you can. You are the only one that can help us right now. If you cannot, I’m afraid this might happen again.”
“Sure,” Trenna said. Again making only fleeting contact with any of the three sets of grey-tinted eyes around her, she continued. “Uh, you know the old subway tunnels? They’re the ones in the main hub station of the city, or what was the main hub. We live there, on our own. We’re not under control or influence.”
“Really?” asked Dastou, earnestly intrigued. “Is that why you’re dressed so differently, why you’re so thin?”
“I... yes, Mr. Dastou. We’re disconnected. If you saw people do this, on purpose, and we happen to be so close to my home...”
“Then it is very likely your own people did this. Is that what you’re thinking?”
“I wish it wasn’t, but yes, sir.”
The girl takes in the devastation again before lowering her head, seemingly in shame. “Please... I didn’t want to hurt anyone, Mr. Dastou, even if some of the others did. I had no idea. Let me go, I’ll leave this city and you won’t see me again.” She was on the verge of tears.
“What? What are you talking about?” asked Dastou before realizing what she meant. “Look, I’m not going to arrest you, or kill you, or whatever it is you think I do with my enemies. You’re just a witness. In fact, you’re guiding us to those tunnels you mentioned when we’re ready.”
“You’re taking me with you? But these were my people probably, should I be coming along?”
“No offense, but you’re not exactly a threat to me. You’re useful, so I may as well bring you along. If your disconnected people did this, as you and I both guess, you’re needed.”
“Sir, thank you, sir! I’ll be as helpful as I can be, I promise.”
Saan-Hu and Nes gave each other glances that only barely held their incredulity. The girl’s enthusiasm to help was obvious, very likely to make up for the act of violence her people may have committed here today. Dastou thought the three choices in this situation were cut and dry. They could bring Trenna along and use her knowledge as best they can, if she has anything to give beyond the location of those “disconnected” people. Or, hold her under DSF authority and take her to Davranis Central, to the Academy. Finally, they could simply treat her wounds and leave her be. The first choice was the only feasible one if they were to find out who these terrorists were as soon as possible.
Terrorists? Where did that word come from? Dastou was sure it was the right phrase, but he never used it before in any way. He chalked it up to the Null Bank and let it be.
Nes got the girl’s attention again. “Trenna, we’re going to talk for a minute, can you stay here for us?” 
“Sure, sir, no problem.”
The trio moved away from her a bit, but tried not to get too far.
“D, why would you bring her with us when we come back?” asked Nes. “She’s got no training for one thing, making her a possible burden.”
“In addition, she needs time to heal,” added Saan. “If we can study her for a while, find out why the Social Cypher is ignoring her, or if she is a natural, that data may be useful. Her healing and our study of her can be best done in Davranis.”
“Honestly, I just don’t want her too far from me,” said Dastou. “Even if she ends up giving us nothing more than a location, I’d rather not just leave her somewhere, even under DSF protection. This attack is too much of a disaster to reliably predict anything. You know I take your advice seriously, both of you, but this is final. She is coming along.”
Saan and Nes’s suggestions really were always welcome. They were Dastou’s family, his closest allies; he trusted them implicitly. In this instance, however, just like leaving the meeting, every molecule in his body was forcing his decision. Maybe she wasn’t desperately needed, maybe she wasn’t as key to the situation as he was making her out to be, but that didn’t matter. All the Saint knew was that, in his head, a voice whispered keep her safe. Dastou’s comrades saw the look in his eyes, and knew he wouldn’t waver.
“Alright... alright,” Nes said. “So tell us the plan then, if you have one.”
Dastou shrugged. “You know me oh so well. Yeah, I’m making this up as I go along. First we’re going to head back to the capital and prepare. Once back in Davranis, Trenna will get a quick checkup at the Medical Plaza. Nothing overly complex since we won’t have much time, but she’ll be taken care of. Then, we take the people we gather in the capitol and head right back here – few delays beyond waiting for personnel.”
“How quiet do you want this?” wondered Saan-Hu. “I assume you want to avoid telling the Stone-State Council.”
“And you’d be right. Small and covert is what I have in mind. The researchers for the tremor, a three-man squad for defense, and us. You, Saan, will stay behind to delegate for the DSF agents while myself, Nes, and Trenna go to the subway that the girl mentioned. Luckily we already revealed that we take records of these events for study, so the Council won’t find it strange when we return with another group. Like I said before, Tryst won’t like, but with proper security he won’t dare attempt to do anything about our presence. Are we ready to get going?”
“Sure, bossy-boss,” Nes said approvingly. “I’ll admit, this makes me glad I didn’t play sick for that shitty meeting earlier.”
“Me too,” said the Saint, happy to have an odd thing to figure out that wasn’t himself.



Chapter 4: All The Preparation In The World


In the pilot bay, Dastou enjoyed watching Trenna as Saan undocked the Caravan on his order. The big thump-clanks each of the four main mooring vices sent out as they were released made the girl laugh. Trenna was almost giddy with delight when the traveling headquarters’ engines whined on and colored status lights started blinking here and there. It was the same type of reaction a new recruit had when first introduced to the relatively insane technology of the Davranis Security Force.
The nature of the Caravan – a mobile administrative center, barracks, and research center – had to be kept from nearly everyone. Those that were allowed to know, such as the Stone-State Council, held the secret close. Trenna was witnessing something grand and barely disclosed.
After unmooring from the embassy, going underground, and hooking into rail lines, Trenna was shown the barracks next door to Dastou’s office so she could clean up. She was nearly as impressed by the size of this space, which could comfortably hold three dozen agents in a pinch, as by the fact that the whole place could move.
Thankfully her bandages were all waterproof, because she took quite a while in the shower, enjoying the warm water and good soap. And the shampoo, having used a third of a bottle for no good reason. Trenna was then allowed to raid the barracks for any female agent uniform clothing that fit her, which wasn’t much thanks to her slim, undernourished figure.
It took a little over an hour for them to get back to Davranis, about 4,500 kilometers away. After docking in the capitol, Trenna Geil was given a short exam at the DSF Medical Plaza and then treated to the biggest healthy lunch possible. Since Dastou didn’t need any help recruiting, he then let Saan-Hu take the girl shopping while he prepped. Nes went with them, likely because Trenna was quite lovely when not covered in dust, dirt, blood, and grime – and because he’d be bored otherwise.
As the others took some time for themselves, the Saint was busy looking through his standard preparation scheme for this type of mission. He didn’t have to, really, but he was very excited about what was happening. Not the deaths or the tragedy, obviously, but just something new that was not easily controlled. He essentially wanted to be challenged, to be given a goal that needed achieving with hard work. Most Saints felt that way after a while, taking actions such as exploring uncharted territories or infecting themselves with a disease needing a cure to alleviate their boredom. It was a wonder they were worshipped far more often than shunned as maniacs.
Dastou was serious about keeping this mission as covert as possible, and hoped the Stone-State Council might be less inclined to kick out a bunch of “trainees.” With that in mind, he told any recruited agent that wasn’t a rookie to pretend to be one for the mission. They fished out their old newbie badges and practiced their stupefied looks. Alright, so Dastou imagined they did that last part – it was just a fun thought to have. By the time the six assigned agents signed into the Caravan roster, Saan’s trio had returned, carrying far too many sacks of clothing to be just for Trenna.
The administrator and the new girl in town apparently indulged in some female bonding over sizes, shapes, and colors at every store they could get to in the time allotted. Not having to pay for anything thanks to an expense account was a bonus that took Trenna a little while to comprehend. Apparently Nes had given some good fashion advice, too, and when Saan said so openly the corporal puffed up his chest like he won some kind of contest.
Two hours after arrival, all the preparations were complete. With everyone in the Caravan, the Saint took the helm in the cockpit room above his office, set the destination, released the vice-locks, and activated the rail engines. Normally he let Saan or another soldier with specific pilot’s training take care of that, but this time he wanted to touch the controls himself. He had to restrain from smiling like a fool as he set the mobile headquarters back on course for Stone-State.
*****
Turn your head away from the Social Cypher only if you feel like missing out on a miracle.
That was an axiom within the Sainthood from long ago. It expressed how the machine efficiency of mass-hypnotism never ceased to amaze. By the time the Caravan docked at the embassy moor again, the afternoon was a little over halfway done, so there was plenty of daylight left. After Dastou shifted the polarity on his office window from opaque black to transparent – it was set up to look like shades being opened to further keep the not-quite-glass’s properties a secret – the scene outside was almost peaceful. The streets were clean and almost completely empty of people so that new concrete poured into damaged sections could dry properly. The damaged cars were all gone, replaced with new versions of the same models, all parked in the same spots as earlier if possible.
The building that had its face blown off was being repaired, a time consuming task. Complex scaffolding was set up, and workers were operating proficiently, like hive workers in service of a terrifying, obsessive-compulsive queen. The less significant damage on other buildings caused by fast-flying debris was being handled by simpler scaffolding and a smaller workforce. The broken windows had already been covered with thin, weatherproof plastic, a common enough material that literally tons of it was easy to get a hold of. If past industrial accident patch-ups were any indication, glass would be brought in for the panes in a day or two and installed on every window after all other repairs were complete.
As planned, Dastou left Saan-Hu in charge of the troops and science team. She was ranked as a Staff Sergeant, so she could easily keep six agents in check with her signature combination of stern looks, grunts, and occasional threats. That team would start by copying the embassy’s external camera data from the incident and ensuing repairs to the Caravan’s encrypted servers. They would afterward delete specific chunks of footage from the embassy’s local work stations. Specifically, Dastou wanted no proof available of their time with Trenna Geil, her entry into the embassy, or her departure in the mobile headquarters. 
As a possible legal citizen of Stone-State and a valuable witness to a local disaster, she was supposed to be kept nearby until such a time as she could be interviewed. Sadly – or better put, instinctively – Dastou did not trust the Stone-State Council, specifically Jandal Tryst. Even thinking about leaving Trenna here made the Saint feel the same way he did when he threw rocks at that wolves den early that morning: like he was turning the heads of a pack of hunters directly towards him.
When the video manipulation was done, the agents would get to their second job of studying the volcano that the city was built on top of. It would be the only the second time some of their standard geological survey tools and software will have been put to use in the Caravan itself, the first being after it was installed to begin with. Usually on-foot agents did that sort of work since there were no rail lines in the remote areas where it would normally be needed.
As for the group heading out, Trenna and Nes left the embassy with the Saint, the corporal carrying the same weapons and gear he grabbed as a precaution directly after the rocket blasts – assault rifle, marble ordinance, throat mic, and mini med kit. This time Nes also put on proper dark-grey-and-vermillion combat attire, lined with filament armor and featuring metal hooks that allowed him to buckle the gun to his back. Trenna wore a new outfit comprised of a plain white t-shirt over a black one, blue jeans, and black running shoes. Saan-Hu was far showier than that, so the administrator was probably disappointed in what the girl decided to wear; the clothing was also somewhat similar to what the Saint, whom Trenna worshipped, always wore. The thin girl’s jet black hair was pulled back into a stylish pony tail, and new eyeglasses were her own prescription, and she took pleasure in seeing everything clearly at great distances. 
Dastou took only a throat mic package and a combat knife. He sewed the sheath for the knife into his waist-length leather jacket at just about the small of his back, concealing it. It was the only time in his life he ever carried a weapon outside of a practice area or target range.
Trenna led the men to where Dastou pointed the attackers escaped into, doing it with no hesitation, as if she knew how they’d have gotten away. Past the alley, the trio crossed the street immediately ahead. She led Dastou and Nes north for four blocks after that, to a stairwell leading down to the old subway system. There were other entrances nearby, but the girl said this was how she always got in and out of the subway since the others were blocked. A dust-covered sign, which mentioned the train lines that ran through this station and featured a detailed map, was the only really dirty thing at ground level. The cleanliness difference between this part of the street and the area where the attack happened, even after repairs were well underway, was striking.
Curved half-tubes of glass with supporting metal struts ran along ran along the sidewalks on both sides of the street here. Those “windows” existed to save electricity, lighting the subways during daylight hours. Dastou walked past the stairwell Trenna stopped at and tried to look into the station, but the knee-high glass was so filthy on the inside that he could barely make out anything besides basic shapes.
“There’s nothing different about this place, as far as I can tell,” said Dastou.
“Trust me, sir, you’ll see when we’re inside,” Trenna responded.
The Saint looked towards something a bit further north of their location, on the same side of the street: a Mover’s Garden. Those areas were parks situated near large subway stations, the big domed glass ceilings of the main underground boarding area used as decoration. Mover’s Gardens were practically insults to the Cypher, taking advantage of something created strictly out of necessity to craft something of artistic merit. The dome ceilings were used by citizens to help design a park filled with artistic fauna layouts, running and biking trails, play spaces for children, and enough space for local birds, like ducks, to come for a little free food thrown their way. Those parks felt little slices of... freedom, whatever that meant.
The three of them went down the stairwell when Dastou came stopped gawking and admiring, into Stone-State Central Junction’s south end. After walking down steps that were far less dusty than they would be if the place was truly derelict, they were a story underground. The ticket office was a few paces ahead, the door wide open. Planks of wood that had barred it when the place was abandoned were placed neatly next to the wall. The turn-stiles blocked by a gate as tall as Dastou, making it easier to go in and out via the adjacent cashier’s station.
The group walked through the ticket office, past a long wooden desk drilled into the wall below a series of teller windows, three comfortable-looking seats, and three coin registers. The tills were an oddity: there was no such thing as paper money, but each register had five rectangular slots for the stuff, right above the coin sections. It was just a strange little tidbit about the world everyone accepted without complaint.
On the other side of the cashier station, it was a straight line to an archway exit. Though the daylight bleeding in from the stairwell no longer did any good, there was enough natural light entering from the glass tubing above them to allow for easy navigation, and debris had been shifted to the side so the floor was very clean and unobstructed. At the archway it was a standard set up for hubs, which meant they were at a balcony overlooking a boarding area. Everything was poured-in-place concrete except the handrails, with sets of stairs leading down a story-and-a-half after splitting into left and right just past the archway, and center a few meters ahead. Those stairs serviced boarding the three platforms, supporting efficient ingress and egress onto the north and southbound trains.
Trenna confidently led them forward, onto steps headed for the center platform. The living spaces of what she earlier referred to as “my people” were clearly visible as they walked down, and Dastou daydreamed again, remembering times when these places were actually in use. These rail systems were a beacon of human energy for about a century and a half, with eighty-six percent of all travel done by subway once the tunnels and trains were completed. The seven biggest hubs around the world were like miniature cities. The track paths were a beautiful, serpentine underground road, sometimes going above the streets or below waterways. Every ocean in the world had at least a pair of two-way tunnels a few meters below the surface supported by massive steel cables and struts, an accomplishment that even the Saints didn’t fully comprehend.
When the trolley system was put in place about eight years ago, these tunnels were scavenged for materials, with many subway cars retrofitted to be made into trolley cars. Kilometers upon kilometers of steel tracks were torn up, smelted, and remade into parts for the new street-level railway. Upon completion of that new transportation system, the underground hubs were deserted and closed off. From the looks of this space, though, a reclaiming was taking place.
With every descending step, Dastou absorbed another detail about the space. Beds were lined along the walls of the far left and far right platforms, made of sewn-together fabrics placed on top of discarded cushions and, rarely, actual old mattresses. There were a couple dozen bed areas overall, and each could be made more personal by drawing curtains together. Those privacy shields were made of thin bedspreads, opaque plastic sheeting, table cloths and, rarely, actual old curtains. The “rope” the random stuff was hung on was simply good nylon string. Personal effects on makeshift tables – watches, keys, picture frames, jewelry, and the like – could be seen in most of the sleeping sections. A few spots meant for congregation or conversation featured tattered couches and chairs. There was no color coordination to anything, the mish-mash of hues lending a look that said “we got this from somewhere, and this thing next to it from somewhere entirely different. 
This living space was like nothing Dastou had never seen or imagined: the exact opposite of modern city-life, where everything was easy to come by and the Social Cypher provided for all basic needs. Even the Tribeslands to the far east, an un-modernized land of nomads, isolationists, and desert traders had a strong aspect of culture that was undeniable even at first glance. This hub was the home of the downtrodden, the missing, and for the first time Dastou knew how to use a strange word he found in the Null Bank several years ago: the people who lived here were “homeless.”
Dastou loved this place. Loved it. There was an appealing contrast against the nearly-always clean streets and more or less sterile architecture of most of the world. It also showed ingenuity and effort in the attempt to live someplace closed off to everyone else.
“I remember liking it here too, sir,” said Trenna, likely because she noticed the small grin the Saint couldn’t keep off his face when she glanced back to see exactly how far behind Dastou and Nes were. “We never took part in the infrastructure events and were ignored by them. It was liberating.” Her voice had a note of pride in it.
“Do you know how or when you all started getting overlooked like that?” asked Nes.
“No, not really,” Trenna responded.
Upon reaching the center platform at the bottom of the stairs, she turned left, hopped down onto the track gap, and kept walking towards an arched tunnel that would lead to the bigger main boarding hub. The gravel under their feet echoed, creating a pattern that Dastou found pleasing. If the steel tracks were still here, he would have tried to make a more complex pattern by combining the gravel echo with reverberation from the metal. He laughed in his head at what Trenna would have thought after seeing the being she worshipped dancing like a child to funny noises. This whole area was making him unnecessarily giddy.
After a few meters walking in the gap where trains used to travel, the nylon for the curtains crisscrossed above the travelers. Beaded bracelets of varying colors and patterns were strung up near where the girl jumped down, and Dastou had to stop himself from taking the pretty things and stuffing them into his pockets. He noticed Trenna looking up at the jewelry distractedly – maybe they were hers?
“It was like we woke up near here one day,” she added, bringing Dastou back from fantasy land. “A lot of us went back for mementos, pictures of family and stuff. It was bizarre. Our belongings were still there, but everyone acted like we were strangers if they saw us. Like we were, um...”
“Deleted?” suggested Dastou.
“Yes, sir, that fits I think. It was heartbreaking for some. The ones that couldn’t cope, though there were only a few, they, uh… they…”
“Chose another way out,” said the Saint, interrupting the girl’s pause out of a sense of politeness. 
Trenna gave herself a moment for composure. “Yes, sir.”
“How many of you lived here?” asked Nes, trying to keep Trenna from focusing on the negative.
“Thirty-one total as of the last time I remember being around, which was maybe last night, but I’m not sure how long I was knocked out. We were all close, some more than others. I think we had to be for survival. None of us could endure in the world without the help of the others. We shared responsibilities in getting food and other basic supplies, or to figure out where a group was being hypnotized so we could take advantage.”
“Take advantage as in steal everything you can, I bet,” said Nes in a light enough tone so it didn’t sound like an accusation.
“Yeah, that’s a big part of it,” admitted Trenna with no shame at all. Nes chuckled at her response.
“And I bet living in the subway made it convenient,” said Dastou. “A fast and easy to understand path to a lot of places that was also technically invisible due to being unused. Clever.”
“Uh... thank you, Mr. Dastou,” said Trenna, faltering a bit after the earnest compliment.
The trio got to the tunnel edge and walked only a couple of paces before stopping to look around. Despite the grime on the inside of the glass above, a decent amount of light was coming from the dome ceiling windows of the place, where the Mover’s Garden was. It made nearly all of the open space clearly visible.
Just like the smaller boarding area that led them here, there were platforms for people to stand and wait left, right, and center. Sets of currently non-working escalators flanked the large space, leading to and from the second floor. A pedestrian bridge was about thirty meters ahead and above them, used to link the upper tier and give a clear view of the entire station. A third set of escalators was dead center of that elevated walkway, serving the middle platform.
Long-ago-shuttered businesses lined the second tier on both sides, where people would socialize before their train arrived, sometimes long before. Dastou always guessed that maybe the people subconsciously understood they were being herded to work, and plenty of socializing made them feel better. Left-behind tables, chairs, and other amenities for the shops and restaurants littered that second floor. None of it was useful enough for the Social Cypher to clean up and recycle, so Trenna’s group will have scavenged it more deeply and more recently than a mass-hypnotic event.
Something that might help with all that tedious scavenging were those five huge construction lights visible on the second floor. They were the kind that held six rows of six powerful bulbs and featured a bulky generator at the bottom instead of a four-legged stand. One was on the pedestrian walkway, slightly to the left of that centered escalator. There was one on each balcony above the space just past the tunnels, and one just past where each escalator set led to on the second floor. All five were covered in tan tarps.
It was out of the ordinary that the equipment was here, yes, but they may have broken down during the scrapping of the place and been left by the worker bees. The ones on the balconies were several paces away from the waist-high borders, their centered hydraulic pole extended for maximum height, the same way they’d be set up to look down into quarries. Even under tarps, it was obvious that the spotlight sections were aimed down at where the tunnel let the trio into the main hub. So how are all five of these machines broken down, in those perfectly placed flanking positions, spaced out more or less evenly, and aimed at the only place they could possibly use to enter the space?
Dastou noticed on either side of him were sets of concrete steps, meant for maintenance crews that needed access to the track level, a safer alternative than jumping a meter down into the gaps. Those steps would make good cover, too, if he laid down on them, which was an odd thing to think at that moment. Of course, a Saint needed to trust his instincts when strange warning signs and suspicions started popping up from background information to top-of-mind, so...
“This is it, then,” said Trenna. “I’ll show you where we spent time in this area, then we can look around for clues I guess. I’m not really sure how you want…”
“Stop, Trenna,” commanded Dastou when he saw the girl starting to walk forward again. Nes grabbed the girl’s right arm tight to make sure she didn’t go anywhere.
“Ow! What’s going on?” She held fast and turned her head just enough to see the others staring at the same spot in the hub.
She looked that way herself, towards a very faint blue glow reflected on the stainless steel handrail of the pedestrian bridge near the spotlight positioned there; it was the glow of an active-but-not-on indicator. A shadow shifted, and the sheet draped over the spotlight on the bridge was pulled off. The ruffling noise of the fabric was almost instantly followed by a loud klak-klak that echoed throughout the boarding area. That sound signaled the thirty-six small but powerful diode bulbs of the construction light being turned on full blast, forcing Dastou’s group to instinctively shield their eyes, but it was too late: they’d all be blinded for a few seconds. Four other sets of ruffling-cloth-and-klak-klak noise combinations made it a safe assumption, even with eyes closed, that the other lights were coming on, too.
Dastou’s intuition made him rush to the left, blindly aiming to get to those nice, useful, probably incredibly hard concrete steps. He pushed Trenna as he moved and hoped Nes, since he still had his hand on her arm, pulled her with him. Then came an onslaught of a near-deafening, instantly recognizable noise: automatic gunfire.



Chapter 5: Bullets


Well, that’s settled, thought Nes. He always had doubts about the “cognitive suture” training Dastou put all DSF agents through during their time at the Ornadais Academy. As a rookie, he simply stuck to his guns, literally, and became proficient with firearms, figuring that was the way to go. Veterans, a funny term considering that the organization was not even a decade old, would tell him “trust us, you’ll be amazed” or “don’t worry about it until your life is at risk.” He never fully bought into it, not until a few seconds ago. Bullets flew overhead, he was safely in cover, but his mind was occupied by a single amazing fact: when it came time to act or die, he was as fast as a Saint.
Alright, enough chest pounding and back to the current situation. The concrete maintenance steps that served as cover did their job, and Nes was not in any danger. He had made sure to land slightly on his side to avoid damaging the assault rifle buckled to his back. Trenna was right next to him, lying closer to the ground thanks to her size. She didn’t take the landing too well, getting her breath knocked out from the impact and hitting her hip hard against the edge of a step, but she was fine for now. 
The consistent whizzes and pews of ammunition flying around, hitting everything but their targets, made Trenna keep a hand over her head instinctively while the other was on her injured hip. She shook with fear, a cry escaping her whenever a bullet hit something near their cover, crackling against a concrete wall or floor. At least she kept the bare minimum amount of composure needed to keep from running and screaming back down the tunnel towards her living space, getting riddled with ammunition along the way.
Looking across the nearby left side gap, the Saint was in an identical position to the corporal, keeping his bald head down. A slip of adhesive-backed wax paper was on the gravel where the trio stood a moment before. The paper held a set of four intricate symbols that created a hypnotic suggestion – “ignore area” to be specific. Looking up to the balcony above Dastou, three men were changing positions to fire on them from somewhere besides directly above; it was a life-saving difference in enemy location. When had Dastou put that Stitch on the gravel? The corporal’s temporarily inflated ego lost some of its pressure upon realizing how amazingly cunning his friend was in the heat of combat.
Nes also became aware that he was getting used to the ambient brightness. The five sets of lights being on at the same time washed almost all the detail out of the world, even when looking down and away from them. He checked one of the pockets on his supply belt and felt for a small sphere, found it, then held it in his palm. Before using it, though, he needed to check with Dastou. Nes’s throat mic was active, so he turned up the receiver’s volume and turned down by thumbing a knob on the transceiver on his belt and spoke. The vibrations from his words were the only thing the patch on his neck caught, thankfully, because the attempted murder happening all around was at least a little bit noisy.
“So... this is a trap then?” Nes asked.
“Jackass,” responded Dastou, his own mic allowing for easy conversation.
“Says you while hiding the same way I am.”
A couple of big pebbles of concrete bounced onto the Saint’s head after being shot off from the top of the maintenance steps, distracting him for a moment. Nes noticed a change in the consistency of the gunfire.
Dastou spoke after a surge and subsequent downturn of bullets flying. “It sounds like they’re trying to conserve ammo, firing in bursts. They probably wanted us closer and with nowhere to hide.”
“Thanks for explaining ambushes to me, Your Lordship,” said Nes. He paused during a short eruption of fire near his own skull. “Now, what the fuck are we going to do about this?”
“I’ll go up the southbound platform escalator nearby, you go the other way. If a prisoner can be taken, I’ll handle it. You, though… you do what needs doing, Nes.”
The order was clear, but Nes had never killed before. He barely got his next words out without his voice cracking. “Yeah. Yeah, I got it.”
 Nes turned down the volume of his earpiece using another knob on the transceiver. He changed his tone of voice to carry over the gunfire, and moved a little closer to the girl so she could hear.
“Trenna, we're going to be moving soon. Can you handle that?” he asked.
She looked at the injured side of her hip, then looked up at Nes and gave a pained, unsure nod. Nes’s mind would have to be as focused on the conflict as keeping the girl alive, so he took her not-quite-ideal agreement as the best he’d get out of a civvie.
Nes now put his attention on the mini-flashbang marble in his palm. He pressed two buttons on the surface of the small ordinance, then threw it straight into the air. He covered Trenna’s face as soon as the device was airborne, careful not to break her glasses. He couldn’t be sure if she’d be confused by an order to protect her eyes with so much craziness happening around her, and opted to take care of it himself. He closed his own eyes as tight as possible, and preemptively grimaced.
The marble exploded after a little over a second in the air, just long enough to reach the second tier. On detonation, it created a light that was damn near like the sun. The cranked-up brightness of the construction equipment diodes washed things out, made it impossible to do much without half-closing your eyes, but they were not weapons. The flash grenade, however, emitted a sudden, painful, headache inducing brightness, evidenced by the abrupt halt in gunfire. Even those members of the ambush group whose eyes were not in the direct line of sight of the blast would be blinded by reflected luminescence. That was only the first of two functions for the marble.
Almost immediately following the flash was the bang: a powerful, short range sonic pulse. It felt like too-close thunder but without the full breadth of noise, and Nes’s whole body vibrated. The distinctive sound of glass shattering took over, which would be from the construction lights and the very closest storefront windows on the second floor. Eyes still closed, the corporal felt bits of glass landing on him and heard it become dead quiet, telling him it was time to counter. He got away from Trenna, opened his eyes, and deftly unbuckled the assault rifle on his back.
He popped up from cover with considerable speed, especially considering the awkward position he forced himself into for the steps to protect him. Three attackers were still visible from their chests up in the middle of the walkway near the center spotlight, making themselves easy targets as they rubbed their eyes. Nes’s vision was still a bit fuzzy, but he was able to see enough to start shooting the moment his rifle’s butt was against his shoulder. 
A single short, sharp pop-pew from the DSF weapon echoed through the now quiet hub, and a bullet to the chest took down the one in the middle. Two more trigger pulls and the next bullets from the corporal’s gun hit a woman left of the first victim in the shoulder and sternum, a mist of blood filling the air near her for a moment as she went down. Nes forced his breathing to stay calm and his eyes to stop staring ever so momentarily at the blood in the air.
Right of the first target was someone who, despite the swiftness and accuracy of the counter-attack, realized what was happening and tried to duck below the retaining wall of the bridge. That was an unfortunate decision, since now the only spot to aim for was his head. Pop-pew, and a bullet entered his side-turning temple and came out of the other side, neither happening cleanly or quietly.
Wet, gross noises after the echo of the gunfire faded. It was the woman’s breathing, a lung pierced by either a shard of a bullet or a shard of splintered bone. The sound was horrible moist stuttering, a desperate wheezing. Nes worked as hard as possible to keep breathing calm.
Another two ambushers on the bridge decided that it was time to blindly fire down at the targets of their failed trap, forcing Nes to bend down again. Looking to his left at the other set of low concrete steps, Dastou was gone, as expected. From the initial sounds of gunfire, the space available to the enemy, and locations of the five construction lights, there were at most eight more of the assailants for him to take down. Dastou’s side didn’t count, as the Saint would tear through anyone there like with an unstoppable ferocity.
Looking toward the far right, where the Saint said Nes should get to, the corporal saw two men running down the ascending side of the escalator. Those two must have only been hit by reflected light from the marble, so their vision was good enough that they decided to rush down. They weren’t trying to hide their advance, though, making the idiots just a notch above target practice. Staying half-ducked, Nes pulled the trigger confidently. 
He fired just twice, in rapid succession, and aimed perfectly. The shots came with so little time between them that the second man didn’t have time to react when the first was hit before he was, a single bullet to the heart for each of them. 
The dead men tumbled down the ascending side of escalator stairs, the clattering of their guns making more noise than their bodies as they fell. They crumpled on top of each other at the bottom. The flashbang marble’s blinding effect should be wearing away completely soon, so Nes would have to move to a safer position. He squeezed Trenna’s shoulder to get her attention.
When she looked up, eyes a little red behind her glasses but apparently seeing clearly, he spoke. “Wait a bit, keep looking in my direction. Follow the wall to the boarding area when I give you a signal. Stop, then come to me I say it’s safe.”
He wasn’t sure if the compound instructions were too much, but he had to trust her. The corporal first got up into a half-crouch and rushed up the short set of steps he was using as cover onto the middle boarding platform. When he saw no immediate threat, he stood up and ran. He descended the other side of the middle platform’s maintenance steps in a leap and promptly crossed the disused track gap beyond, passing another tunnel opening on his right in this symmetrical hub. He used two jumps to get up the stone steps leading to the northbound boarding platform, getting down on one knee in a firing stance as soon as he could.
He was on the exact opposite side of the room where Dastou would have gone up, and had a good view of the first level. He shifted his weapon along with his eye line in swift motions, trying to find targets. There were still no observable threats for now, so he got up ran in a half-crouch to the escalator’s descending side, making sure to do a visual check on the two bodies that rag-dolled to the bottom of the ascending end. They were pretty dead, barely any blood pooling at their location since their hearts stopped instantly.
He was momentarily distracted by the fact that these bodies were so close. He’d not only never killed anyone before today, he’d never even been in real combat. The metallic smell of blood, as little of it as there was thanks to direct shots to the heart, gave him the beginnings of a painful headache along with the sudden need to vomit. He forced himself to pay attention to what he was doing, and his food to stay where it was. He didn’t want his burgeoning “DSF Badass” persona to go completely to waste if Trenna slipped on his thrown-up lunch.
Nes held the rifle at the ready and looked at the girl. It had stayed quiet since the flashbang, the only sounds being the corporal’s gunfire, blood spatters, gurgled breathing – stay down, enta beef stew, please stay down – or bodies hitting the ground, so Trenna was able to slip her head out of cover just enough to see him. He nodded deeply at her, the signal he told her to wait on. Trenna got up and started to jog with a limp, using the wall as a crutch to help with her injured hip.
When Nes touched her shoulder for attention earlier, he had attached an “ignore” Stitch to it after having already removed a corner of the adhesive backing. It flapped a bit as she limped along, but at least it was staying on. Anyone looking down would see her for only a second, and then their minds would disregard her entirely.
Trenna crossed the gap and passed tunnel on her right, going the exact same way Nes did moments earlier. She could have just run out through that tunnel path, left Nes there, but she simply followed his orders and kept moving towards him. She reached the boarding platform by climbing the concrete steps on this side of the room, and Nes put his palm up toward her, an easily recognizable signal to stop. He scanned around for targets again, and then waved permission for her to come to him. Trenna walked as quickly as she could, clearly in pain. Nes’s headache was getting worse by the second, though he had quelled the need to barf well enough to do his duty. When Trenna reached him at the escalator, she practically collapsed to her knees, but he caught her and set her down more gently. When she looked at the raggedly-dressed bodies on the rise near her, she couldn’t help but say something.
“Jakob... and Brayson. They’re...” she tried to say before Nes took her chin in his hand and yanked her attention to him.
“Not now, understand?” he said firmly, leaving no room for misinterpretation. “Not yet.”
Trenna got the gist, and blinked back tears. Nes pointed up the escalator, signaling the need to crawl up. She said nothing, but he knew she’d follow. She seemed willing to see this through to the end, maybe because these were her former friends, close friends, trying to kill her for some reason.
“Stop rubbing your damn eyes and look for them!” someone said from the balcony above the pair on this side of the room.
Someone very near the first speaker complained. “I am looking,  and I don’t see shit at the tunnel. They’re gone.”
The Stitch worked, apparently, since this person must have been scanning the area during Trenna’s progress to the escalator. He’d been hypnotized by the symbols on the paper to neglect the person or area near it, even as it moved.
“No,” the first man said, “they wouldn’t just leave. Get everyone still moving and search this place. Fucking kill that goon, and don’t forget the acolyte bitch.”
A quick glance at Trenna and Nes saw a confused, sad look on her face that told him exactly what she was thinking: “I know these people, they wouldn’t say this.”
Nes started crawling up the escalator using knees and a forearm, holding the rifle near the trigger with the other hand. It was a rough go with the steps being metallic and somewhat jagged on the edges. Trenna was close behind, getting the hint to be quiet after hearing those two voices so near, voices she recognized like she recognized the dead men below. Nes never saw anyone trying to keep their fear, real fear, in check before, but he figured Trenna would be a textbook example if Dastou felt like writing about it.
The pair was near the top of the escalator after a minute of crawling, and heard a lot of movement, mostly footsteps, getting closer. Nes was thankful for something to concentrate on, and he noticed his mind shifting into high gear again; Academy members called it going “fully-Saint.”
Five sets of footsteps, diagonal towards me from the left, all armed thought the corporal, and he only barely understood it as he figured distances in a flash. Looking down at Trenna, he saw that she hit her breaking point when the footsteps came, and froze in place. Tears streamed down her face, but she was still quiet as a mouse, thankfully. The Stitch he attached to her shoulder was gone, only a corner of the rectangular slip remaining on her t-shirt. Nes looked past her and saw it halfway down the escalator, snagged on the lip of a step. There was no way they could go back and get it, and he only bothered to bring one, forced hypnotism not being his most well-trained combat skill. Her best protection was now gone, and she would be saved only if he provided the necessary distraction.
The corporal went ahead with what was probably a terrible idea, and started barking a pretend order. “No! Stay down there, at the tunnel. I’ll check the balconies when you’re safe.” His acting was probably better in those daydreams Dastou seemed to have all the time, but it should do.
The ploy worked, and the footsteps stopped. The ambient clicking and ticking noises that revealed their weapons were now more apparent. The enemies were getting ready to fire wherever he popped his head up, thinking that he foolishly and accidentally revealed his position near them. Trenna grabbed his leg near the ankle, and looked at him from her position lower on the staircase, scared of what he was planning. Nes smiled lightly, nodded, and she let him go with a look of worry taking its place alongside her fear. That girl’s face could be read better than a book.
Nes took a siopane shockwave marble out of a pocket of his combat belt. A single activation button was flush against the marble’s polished chrome surface, and he pressed down on it until he heard a teeny klik. He took a deep breath, and threw the petite sphere overhead, aiming for his enemies’ general proximity. The bassy, powerful, distinctive cha-whump of the grenade’s detonation drowned out every other sound in the relatively quiet balcony for a split second. The noise was quickly followed by the just-as-distinctive sound of human bodies being thrown to the ground. Nes hauled ass.
He bounded up the last handful of steps on the escalator. On the second level now, he purposely ran within view of the ambushers, sprinting fast enough to light the muscles in his thighs and calves on fire. The siopane-fueled marble, meant to be a non-lethal crowd-control solution, had enough force to toss the five enemies to the ground, but they were already poising their weapons to fire upon seeing him, even while on their backs. Faster than he ever dreamed, Nes took in the rest of his surroundings and formulated a plan. He might have even seen a glow on the more reflective objects, like a dream, but that was probably from a combination of exertion and his worsening headache.
He saw the clothing of his enemies, again similar to Trenna’s ill-fitting and dirty attire when they found her, noticed that two of them were women, figured out their age range as between late twenties and late thirties, and then forced himself to stop examining. Focus! Nes screamed inwardly as he felt his mind getting lost in the data being absorbed. He wasn’t good enough to soak up the level of information a Saint would and still take action, so he needed to drill down into what was important.
Straight ahead of him were tables and chairs for the restaurants on this side of the second tier. A construction light was halfway between him and the closest seating area, a few meters to his left. Every casing for the light’s diode bulbs was shattered, and there was glass on the floor below the construction equipment. Nes knew that those last couple of bits of information, the position of the light and the glass, were important, but couldn’t put it all together.
Focus, goddamnit!
The enemies that he needed to dispose of were actually behind those spotlights. 
The tiled, dusty floor with glass on it could be exploited.
There, done. That’s all he needed.
A square, sturdy-looking table was close enough to be useful, though it’s thick, centered single leg was bolted down. He winced in the back of his mind and kept running, having barely gone a handful of meters while plotting a scenario in his head, the world seeming to slow as a personal favor even as he understood it was just him being fully-Saint for the time being.
Nes fired on the move, using longer than usual bursts and keeping the rifle close to his body for control. Just three very loud rat-a-tat torrents of bullets were all he could muster. Even at the speed he was running he saw that one of the women and one of the men on the ground would not be getting back up, the air again pink with a capillary mist. Two of the remaining three ragged attackers retaliated right when Nes’s position was blocked by the construction light. Because they were still on the ground, the angle of their fire was pretty much useless, and all they hit with their old-looking assault rifles was the spotlight or the wall far beyond it, pings and pongs signifying ricochets filling the air. The projectiles’ bouncing kept the strangers from pulling their triggers again, if only for an instant.
At a full sprint, Nes flung himself down and slid on the tile and glass, the thickness of the combat armor making it so he didn’t slice him up. It took only a moment of some side-ass skimming on the floor to reach the table he mentally highlighted a moment before. In an impressive display that he regretted no one saw, the short slide ended with the corporal shifting to his knees as his momentum slowed just under the table. He dropped his gun on the ground and, with as much force as he could muster, lifted himself up so that his left shoulder slammed into the table, jarring it from where it was bolted down. Unfortunately it only partially worked, the thin flat base of the leg still half-bolted into the floor, the rest only bent out of place. Nes grunted as he grabbed the edge of the table, pushing up with all the power he could force into his legs, arms, and shoulders. The table top finally tilted and came down, landing on one side of its square surface accompanied by a booming thump and the cracking of tile.
The furniture-based makeshift cover worked, and when a few shots hit the hardened wood only one went all the way through.  It hit Nes’s filament-armor-lined uniform shirt just below his heart as splinters almost got in his eyes. The armor would do its job against the projectile, so he ignored the eruption of pain in his chest.
The corporal picked up his gun again, peeked over the tabletop, and fired twice into the chest of a woman that looked like she was about to reload. Nes went back down into cover, sure that she’d be no more trouble, and put his back against the table. He took his second siopane shockwave marble from the same small pocket as the first, pressing the activation button as soon as it was in his palm.
A barrage of fire hit the table, a handful of bullets going through and slamming Nes in his back. He felt like he was struck with a bunch of sudden, full-speed strikes from small hammers held by someone whose wife he slept with. The surprising pain overrode the oh-so-important need to hold the marble properly, and it slipped out of his hand. The little sphere fell to the floor at Nes’s feet, and the activated grenade’s little green status light blinked happily at him, signaling that it was ready to do its job.
“Shit,” Nes said before jumping away from the table.
Cha-whump.
The shockwave hit Nes as he jumped, spinning him in a half-circle parallel to the ground. Every piece of furniture was thrown away from the center of the blast, creating an empty space where his cover once was. The table he toppled was hit the hardest thanks to its position and spread out surface area, and it hurtled towards the remaining two attackers at high velocity. The table flipped in the air as it flew, like a coin thrown laterally. It clipped the closest construction light mid-flight, causing its spin to wobble violently.
Nes struck the ground with the small of his back, and saw in his peripheral vision that the flying, spinning, tilting furniture hit one of the enemies in the gut, a thunderous-sounding impact. The table and gut-checked dead man flew together towards the balcony’s retaining wall a couple meters past the impact point, and they both got flipped over the handrail onto the track gap below. The landing a moment later had a crunch that was a combination of broken bones and splintering wood, almost made worse by the fact that it couldn’t be seen. Nes’s mind connected the dots manually, figuring trajectories and velocities, the possible number of broken bones, damage to internal organs. He nearly vomited again, this time at the horrifying accuracy of the damage tally being rung up by his pumped-up brain functions.
The corporal stood up faster than he should have – this wasn’t the time yet to register his own damage, not with someone left that could get to Trenna – and started looking around for the final ambusher. The aforementioned enemy found him first, tackling him out of nowhere. Nes took the hit hard, landing on his side in the empty space made by the marble shockwave, and the attacker didn’t even try to catch a breath before he started swinging fists. This last member of the ambush group had no gun, probably losing his rifle when hit by the jolt from the recently dropped marble. Normally being struck by two of the specialty grenade’s kinetic blasts was enough to knock pretty much anyone unconscious, but a lot of the direct force was absorbed by surrounding furniture, so if this guy was in the perfect spot he’d only be slightly stunned, his life saved by pure chance. Good for him. So, awake, hurt, and with no proper weapon, this guy opted to try and pound the DSF agent to death bare-handed.
Nes couldn’t see his own gun, having also lost it thanks to the marble. His head was a little fuzzy from the headache that was throbbing at his temples, so he was moving sluggishly to block punches, and not blocking them completely. The ambusher’s face was a twisted combination of rage and pain, but his swings were weak compared to a drill instructor. Honestly, Saan-Hu hit him harder when he forgot her birthday last year. The corporal figured he only had to block the hits long enough to find an opening to grapple, but then the enemy saw something nearby that was worth halting his anger-laced barrage for, and lunged for it. Nes just barely saw what the guy went for: his DSF standard issue bullpup rifle.
Every one of the quick calculations running through Nes’s head ended with him not being fast enough to stop the rifle from being used against him. Trenna Geil, though, was not a part of any of those equations. Neither was her running from the escalator and picking up one of the enemy assault rifles, which is exactly what happened.
She discharged the weapon as a cry of shock escaped her, the recoil being too hard for her to handle. She had aimed at the pissed off assailant and fired right as he was leaping off Nes to get the loose DSF gun. Four shots hit the final ambusher and another six went wild, hitting or ricocheting against furniture, walls, or glass. The body of the raggedly-clothed enemy fell limp, half on top of Nes.



Chapter 6: Ache


When Nes recognized that none of the stray shots had coincidentally hit him in his unprotected head, he felt incredibly lucky. Then he checked everywhere else, didn’t see any bullet holes, and damn near wanted to go gambling with his newfound good fortune. He’d have to take Trenna along, obviously – good luck charms are hard to come by.
The smell of the blood dripping from the four holes in the dead enemy on top of him felt like it was choking him, sticking in his throat and lungs. Nes pushed the corpse off with a sickened grunt. His combat attire had shiny wet goop all over the torso, but since the clothing was a very dark grey with red lining in places, it was harder to notice. Thank the void that Dastou’s choice of attire color for his agents wasn’t something white.
 Nes sat up with some effort and looked over at Trenna, who was lowering herself down to sit on the floor. She carefully put the weapon she just used on the floor and pushed it away with a shaking hand. She busied herself for a few seconds by cleaning her glasses with the inside hem of her t-shirt. Nes was resting on his rear, taking slow, deep breaths, trying to calm his nerves. Every inhalation hurt, but at least he could breathe. He also felt like his soul was missing a few bits and pieces despite him having done nothing beyond defend himself and Trenna.
The corporal got to his feet, grabbed his gun from the floor, and found a still-standing table nearby. He tossed the rifle haphazardly on the tabletop, plastic and metal rattling as it landed, then took a chair off the floor to sit in. Nes plopped down heavily, thankful for a little time to wind down, even if the adrenaline in his system still made him jittery.
Almost everything hurt. His legs were okay after the insane sprint, but that was thanks to conditioning, which didn’t do a thing for his bashed up, aching shoulder or the numerous sore spots on his upper body. Nes continued his slow, almost meditative breathing, interspersed with the occasional pained grunt, for another minute before deciding to break the silence.
“Thanks,” said Nes. “You saved my ass.”
“I guess...” Trenna cut herself off, doing her best to compose the words before trying to talk again. “I guess we’re even. They tried...” She stopped again, but this time didn’t keep going.
“To kill you along with me and Dastou, yeah,” he finished for her.
A look on her face of instant dread was followed by her head and eyes darting all around, trying to find something.
“Don’t worry about any others,” he said while making a placating hand motion. “Dastou would have... taken care of them.”
“By himself? With no weapons?”
“Hey, you’re the one who worships him, shouldn’t you be the one with unfailing faith?”
“Um, I guess,” Trenna conceded.
“Don’t worry, he’s fine.” Nes smiled at her previous response. Even with so little contact, she may have already started seeing Dastou as more of a person than a god.
Trenna was close to the waist-high wall near the bridge walkway, and decided to get to it on hands and knee, moving slowly. She turned and sat with her back against that wall, facing Nes’s general direction. When she adjusted her position ever so slightly for comfort, she winced, sucked air through her teeth, and slowed her movements. Several bodies were a few meters to her left, and she avoided looking at them.
Looking around, he saw the table cloth for this table crumpled near his feet. He bent down, the simple motion giving him a lot of pain even though he was sitting, took the dusty fabric with one hand, and put on the table top. From the mini med kit in his shoulder, Nes removed a single aerosol tube as long as his index finger, and aimed the small nozzle at his chest. He carefully sprayed something that foamed into a thin, dark blue coating on his shirt.
“What are you doing?” Trenna asked.
“Cleaning up a little,” answered Nes as he put the little tube away. He let the foaming action finish, then used the table cloth to wipe away the activated foam. “It’s a strong disinfectant and cleaning agent. Meant for injuries, but it’ll do the job on my uniform. The smell was getting to me.”
“I see. And I get it. That smell… is making me sick, too.”
Nes finished wiping at his clothes, looked at the table cloth that was now a mix of dark blue chemical and dark red blood. The same color combination was on his clothes, making the dark grey of a lot of his shirt look violet, which was still far better than what it looked like before he started cleaning it.
“Trenna,” Nes started after tossing the table cloth to the side, “what did they mean by ‘acolyte bitch?’”
“Oh. I think it’s because I still made efforts of worship towards the Sainthood.”
“So others you live… lived with, didn’t?”
“No, not at all,” she corrected, a note of disappointment in her voice. “Because we were ignored by the system, and the Saints control that, everyone else just began to hate their kind.”
Nes already knew that a reason for the worship of Saints is because some believe that they are in charge of the mass-hypnotism system, a common centuries-old . The girl looked at Nes again. “They got rid of you because they figured you’d be the one to speak up against the attack, or even walk out on them and find a way to warn the DSF.”
“That’s what I think, too. If I knew about this, I’d have left and told someone, like at the embassy or something. All those people who died on the street, just to attack Mr. Dastou,” she lamented, honestly baffled.
A slightly more detailed scenario ran through Nes’s mind when she talked, one in which Trenna was not necessarily left for dead, and instead used as bait. Living or not, her body would have been ignored by the Social Cypher, causing interest that would lead to investigation. It would have gotten Dastou to this hub and the ambush no matter what. That would mean the siopane explosion and ensuing chaos was the planned result of some scheme to kill the Saint. It was difficult to grasp what was scarier: that someone went through so much planning to end the life of the last Saint, or that it had almost succeeded.
Trenna seemed to be a natural, someone immune to hypnotism. Being ignored by it, too? That’s something Nes had never heard of, and there was a group of them here in Stone-State. The girl thinks she was left because she wouldn’t have agreed to the plan, but there’s something deeper about the reasons for her unconscious appearance on the street.
“If they hated Saints because of the Cypher, they picked the wrong target,” revealed Nes, not willing to share his burgeoning theories just yet. “We have absolutely no idea what it really is or how it works.”
Trenna looked at the floor, nonplussed by that remark – it seemed to be a day of that reaction from her – eyes revealing that she was trying to fit pieces together.
“So, Mr. Dastou, or the Prior Fifteen, never had anything to do with it?”
Prior Fifteen? That must refer to the previous fifteen generations of Saints, Dastou being last remaining of the sixteenth. Religious terminology was never a subject Nes cared about enough to know anything more than very common phrases.
“Not at all,” answered Nes while stretching his back. “We, as in the entourage and Dastou, are as confused about that stuff as anyone. That’s why we track it, study it, keep records of it. It’s a lot to take in, I know. I remember being really freaked out by all that, too, after everything I was told. When we get back we’ll explain it better, okay?”
“Yes. I’d like that very much,” said Trenna with a smile.
When the girl slowly adjusted her posture again with an associated wince, Nes remembered his supplies and dug into the extra pocket strapped on his left upper arm again, trying not to move the shoulder too much. He removed a tiny plastic container containing two vacuum-sealed pills. He flipped a tab to open the package and put a pill in his mouth before tossing the half empty tray to Trenna; it landed at her feet.
“Take it, its medicine,” Nes said, chewing the pill, knowing that he was making a sickened facial expression and not really caring. The girl picked up the tray, removed the second pill, and looked coldly at it.
“Chew it, though,” Nes added. “It’ll taste worse than anything you’ve ever eaten, but when it’s out of the seal it spreads through your blood faster. Those painkillers they had you take at the Medical Plaza were mild, so you’ll need the extra kick these offer.”
He already felt his headache being reduced in thumping power, but that may have been due to an expectation of relief to come. Thank the black he was feeling more composed as the pain went away and as the smell of blood on his uniform from the assailant Trenna shot slowly faded, replaced with a slightly annoying medicinal chemical odor that was still far more pleasant. He’d seen this amount of blood before today during medical courses or training injuries, sure, yet for some reason when it was violently spilled with intent to kill it grossed him out completely.
“Weren’t you shot?” asked Trenna. “I can see the hole in your shirt. Will half of this medicine be enough for you?”
“Actually, I took a few in the back, too. I have armor on, but it’s thin and inside the shirt under my jacket so you can’t see it. That’s kind of the point, really. Anyway, no bullet is going to get through DSF armor unless it strikes in the exact spot a previous hit landed.” The last few words sounded like he was reciting, which he sort of was.
“So you’re okay?” she asked again.
“Sure, I’m alright. Just incredibly worn out.”
That was an outright lie. He’d never felt worse in his life, but Trenna needed to be assured of her safety and his ability to provide it, even if the fighting seemed to be over.
“Does the DSF always have this kind of stuff?” she said about the pill while putting it in her mouth. When she bit down, she got a nauseated look on her face and a revolted cry escaped her. Nes laughed aloud.
“We’ve got lots of strange tools at our disposal,” Nes said, stopping his chuckles. “The Saints invented all kinds of things for themselves and the world to use. Since it’s just Dastou now, he makes it for us, teaches us how to use it all.” He tapped his badge on the first use of the word “us.”
Nes sat up straighter, feeling markedly better.
“He’s strange isn’t he?” she asked. “I always figured the Saints were holy creations, so far removed from regular people that we’d never understand them.”
“Hah!” replied Nes before realizing that her statement wouldn’t be funny to anyone outside the entourage. “No, they’re pretty normal, just sort of... insanely smart, I guess? Quirky, too. Ah dunno. I’ve considered him a friend for a while now, so he’s just him to me. More Cosamian Dastou than Saint.”
“I see…” said Trenna, who became very quiet.
She was understandably thrown off by everything happening today already, and having the person she worships all of a sudden brought down a peg maybe wasn’t the best thing for her.
“Hmm, all this reminds me, weirdly, of when Dastou put one in me in my freshman year,” said Nes, his stinging bruises jogging a memory.
“Wait, do you mean... he shot you!?” she said, wide-eyed.
“Yeah, it was my first and only time until today. He does that to all the new boys and girls at the Ornadais Academy sooner or later,” Nes spoke casually, as if he was sharing a story about a long day at work. “The medicine we just took, it’s practically miraculous, and sometimes we don’t have the... well, faith, to use what he gives us without worry when we first start out. It’s a little hard to believe all of the messed up things he’s teaching us or that his inventions will work like they should. Some of the training also changes your brain, how it works, but you have to let it. Newcomers are sometimes too incredulous, and after the first couple of years, agents are sworn to secrecy against members with too little experience. Instructors take that same oath from the start, only teaching us what’s in the lesson plans to make sure we don’t over-exert ourselves. We don’t even get hints of what’s to come.”
Trenna was rapt, and Nes couldn’t help but get into telling the story. He moved his hands around freely, careful not to bother his shoulder too much.
“So, to help us believe,” he continued, “he shoots us once, unexpectedly, in our first year. No one avoids it. No one can, really.”
“How badly do you get hurt?” Trenna asked in amazement.
“Very. Damn near dead. It’s just one of those Saint skills – they know how to kill because they know the body. Dastou shoots you that one time, and you die without his level of treatment. We call it the Fresh-Face Pledge.”
“If you’re almost killed by the attack, how long do you take to heal?”
“It’s based on the injury. Almost no one is out of commission for more than a week or two, but that’s better than being dead like we’d be if we didn’t have the advanced medicine, machines, and Saint-trained personnel to get us better. One really obnoxious rookie got his spine severed by a sniper rifle shot. Paralyzed him from the waist down. It was amazing – guy was walking again in two months, jogging in three. Dastou took the lead for two of the kid’s three surgeries himself, just to give a few ‘maybe now you’ll be more respectful’ looks at him before and after the operations. No shock, the rookie got a new attitude about his training when he came back to class.”
Trenna smiled and laughed lightly, and Nes was glad for the change in her demeanor. After another nice, calm moment of silence, he figured they should get going. He looked down towards his belt, saw the throat mic’s transceiver still on, and turned the volume for his earpiece back up.
 “D, you can come out now. If you’re happily exploring, just tell us where to meet you.” Nes said that with no special intonation or change in volume, like he was talking to someone right next to him.
No answer. He tried calling two more times, and again received no responses. Dastou was aloof, sure, but not so much so that he ignores his agents after combat; something was wrong. He switched channels on the transceiver by turning a small dial on the side, and heard no sound from the Caravan’s stand-alone channel. Maybe the device was broken, damaged in the battle? Maybe. Nes shouted, hoping the Saint was in earshot.
“Dastou! Get out here!”
Nothing again. Now he was properly worried. Nes stood up, grabbed his rifle and clipped it to his back again, and started walking towards the pedestrian bridge. Trenna got up from where she sat, albeit slowly, and looked to be ready to join the corporal in searching the area. A gurgling voice nearby, wet and stomach-turning, stopped them both from going anywhere.
“We… have… we have…” said a man’s voice, barely audible.
Nes looked around and saw the last person taken down, the one killed by Trenna’s wild fire – or the one he thought was killed – moving his head slightly and talking to no one. The girl, all of a sudden full of energy, limped fast to get to him. He was not very old, maybe thirty to thirty-five, a handful of grey hairs spread about his short unkempt mane.
“Hundre!” exclaimed Trenna when she got close. “Hundre, you’re alive!”
Trenna bent down towards the man she shot earlier, touching his chest and head while ignoring all the blood. He never looked at her, only at the domed ceiling.
“Trenna…?” the man asked.
“Yes, it’s me,” she replied in a hurried voice. “I’m so sorry, I had to… I had to…”
She had tears in her eyes, and Nes walked slowly towards the pair.
“I know,” said Hundre. “I remember it now. I… understand.”
“Uh, maybe…” said Trenna, “maybe we can help you. We have medicine and…”
“What little I have won’t help,” interrupted Nes, standing above the two others. “Honestly, he’s beyond anything I’ve seen someone recover from. He’s not going to survive.”
Trenna wept openly now, and touched her forehead to Hundre’s. Any of her tears that fell on the man’s face smeared some of the droplets of blood that had been sprayed there from the center-mass shots he took minutes before.
“I’m sorry, I’m sorry…” she said again and again.
“No, stop,” Hundre said, quietly and half-choked. “I understand. I’m free again. I have to tell you...”
He coughed, and blood spurted from his mouth, some of it landing on Trenna. She didn’t seem to care.
“I have to tell you,” Hundre continued. “That… we have him. We took him.”
Nes was suddenly deeply interested in what this man was saying and changed his mind about respectfully backing away from the horrible scene.
“What? Have who?” asked Nes.
Hundre, for the first time since speaking and having his name revealed by Trenna, looked somewhere besides the light source above him. He shifted his eyes, focused on Nes.
“Cosamian Dastou. We took him. We were supposed to.”
“You mean you were told to take him, to attack him? By whom?”
“The Citizen. He took our freedom… made us tools… He wanted the anomalous one. The atypical one.” He coughed again, but Trenna and Nes were so spellbound by this fading man that they said nothing, did nothing. Hundre finally made eye-contact with Trenna. “The Saint. We took him. I’m sorry, Trenna.”
Hundre closed his eyes again, and this time it was certain he’d have no more to say. Trenna looked up at Nes, tears streaming down her cheeks. He must have appeared odd to her, a combination of confusion, anger, worry, and fear rattling around in him, nothing able to take full control.
Nes decided to focus on just two things to keep his head straight. First, according to the man Trenna called Hundre, Dastou was taken from here by force. Second, Nes was going to fuck up anything and anyone that stood in the way of finding his friend.



Part 2: Scarred Stronghold



Chapter 7: Bloody Trails


Nes was at the top of the west escalator, Trenna Geil behind him. Both held onto the rubber handrail while another tremor struck. The muted rumbling lasted at most half a second, again barely enough to scare a child out of a tired sleep. That little earthquake was not why Nes looked nervous; it was because Saan-Hu had walked into the hub, and was more than a little upset. She’d had enough of waiting and decided to gear up and investigate.
Wearing dark grey-and-vermillion battle attire, the same color set as Nes, hers was not stained with blood like the corporal’s. It was also far more customized than his, lending to Saan’s taste for lighter outfits that allowed more freedom of movement. Her love of asymmetrical clothing was why one side of her jacket’s hem was longer than the other, stylishly curved to give her a unique look compared to nearly everyone else at the Academy. She carried only one weapon, a three-round-burst semi-automatic pistol made and tailored specifically for her. Instead of carrying lots of heavier firepower, she put her efforts towards packing a single-shoulder backpack full of supplies. It was strapped diagonally across her chest, the strap landing between and enhancing her bust – which she did on purpose. 
Saan climbed the set of concrete steps meant for maintenance crews to reach the boarding platform, and then made her way to the escalator. She was only halfway up before her patience for the situation was fully depleted and she drilled into Nes.
“Why is your communications device not on?” she asked tersely.
“It is on,” Nes answered defensively. “It hasn’t been working since the gunfight down here. As you can tell by the blood, bodies, and bullet casings, it’s been a little rough.” He had tugged at his uniform when he mentioned the blood, showing off the partially cleaned stains and tiny untouched splatters.
When Saan reached the top of the escalator, Nes backed away a step, letting her notice just how bad Trenna also looked. The girl had a lot of blood on her, too, some on her face that appeared to have been mostly wiped off. Neither of them looked like they had the injuries to justify all that fluid, so it was from their enemies. Two pairs of bloody footprints leading to where those two stood meant they walked from the other side to here along the pedestrian bridge.
Saan had a temper that she rarely let herself exhibit, relying on a frightening calmness as her leadership trademark. When her displeasure was on full display, however, she was rightfully feared throughout the DSF. There’s nothing quite like an outraged woman who happens to be able to fold you like linen. She had a few reasons to be angry, and could not stop herself from showing it plainly.
“You have been out of contact since I saw you go underground via outdoor cameras,” said Saan flatly. “Why?”
“Wait… the signal has been cut since back then?” wondered Nes, honestly confused. “I used the throat mic for a minute to plan the counter-attack with Dastou. We went silent after that. I didn’t notice it was busted until a few minutes ago.”
“Hmph,” Saan grunted as she looked around.
When she arrived, Saan had seen the Stitch slip Dastou put on the ground, so she already figured out what took place: an ambush and a reprisal. She also looked over to the other side of the hub’s second story, then down to the first level, putting more detailed pieces of the puzzle together.
“So, you were taken by surprise on the ground, and made your way up,” said Saan, tracking the way her fellow agent would have come. Something else about the enemies caught her attention. “The weapons lying on the ground near these people, they are all the same model.” She paused, waiting for a response.
Nes responded after a moment. “Yeah, I noticed that, too. Not sure what that’s about.”
“And they are all dressed the same way Trenna was when we found her, so they are from her camp.”
Another pause, and then Saan’s stare settled on Trenna, suspicious of the number of coincidences that connected the girl to all this.
“What were you doing, then?” Saan asked Trenna directly. “How did you survive all this without training? How did you just happen to lead Saint Dastou into an ambush?”
Trenna didn’t seem to know how to answer the questions, and only opened and closed her mouth a couple of times trying to, her hands shaking at her sides.
“Saan, damnit, don’t you dare,” Nes said forcefully, getting his commanding officer’s attention. “They wanted her dead too, and she saved my life by killing one of her own friends.”
Saan’s hard grey-blue eyes landed on the girl again after looking at Nes while he spoke. Trenna was still leaning oddly against the retaining wall of the balcony, a clear indication of a recent injury to her hip. Her posture was also not the best due to the girl fiddling with something in her pants pocket with one hand. The jeans Trenna wore were not very tight, but it was still easy to make out the small round objects that the girl thumbed at. 
Trenna looked tribal northeastern in origin, if a little pale currently. That area of the world was not fully developed by the Social Cypher, so nomad tribes – though some have settled on trade or farming centers in the last few decades – make up most of the peoples. To such a tribe, killing an ally or fellow tribesman is punishable by death unless proven to be self-defense. Even then, the close-knit natures of the isolationist clans mean that guilt is heavy with all who slay their fellows, no matter if it was a life or death situation. Saan knew all this because that is how she herself grew up, in a tight-knit clan. The round objects in Trenna’s pocket appeared to be lined up, and she was thumbing them one at a time, her hand unsteady: she was silently praying. The string of small drops were probably pearls, brown if she was truly from the north part of the eastern continent, and the girl must have kept them with her the whole time; from when she was found on the street, to being examined at the Medical Plaza, to getting new clothes, to now. The instinct to pray with the pearls in hand was built into some tribal people from childhood, a need to ask forgiveness, mostly of themselves and their clan, for a heinous act.
When Trenna caught Saan looking, the girl stopped subconsciously thumbing the beads. The administrator let her instant, only partially warranted suspicion go, seeing an earnest sadness in the girl’s posture and expression. The staff sergeant glared at Nes again.
“Where is Dastou?” she asked. “If this trap failed as terribly as it seems to have, why is he not here with you?”
“I wish I knew,” he admitted. “I called for him a few minutes ago and got no answer. He should have been finished up before we were.”
He flicked his chin to indicate the three bodies near a construction spotlight, one of several, on this side of the second level.
“That’s his style front to back, am I right?” said Nes.
One of the bodies had a broken arm and a knife in his chest. It was an old but sharpened kitchen knife, recycled for use in this fight. The second body, very close to the first, looked like her neck was snapped as she lay on the floor in a position that should have been face first, but the injury forced her head to be a little too to the side. Normally a broken neck won’t kill outright, and this person’s head looked like it was slammed against the floor; that was Dastou showing mercy by knocking her out so she didn’t experience the horrifying death of conscious asphyxiation. The third victim had been shot by his own gun. In all likelihood he heard one of his comrades scream or make another noise, then turned only to have his rifle taken away, a single shot to the heart following. It was an “expertly managed” scenario, as the Saint might say.
“Yes, this is without a doubt his work,” Saan said as she turned her head forward again, making eye-contact with Nes. “Yet he is not here to gloat as he should be.”
Nes was frustrated at having to explain himself, and lifted his hands from his sides only to bring them loudly back down, smacking his thighs. “That’s my point! He ran off to this side of the hub after ordering me to clear the other and protect Trenna, and hasn’t shown up since. I… we ended up taking out everyone except those three you just gawked at.”
Saan was ready to continue the more-than-likely pointless arguing when Trenna chimed in. “Guys… that door over there is open.”
She pointed at the entry to a soup restaurant near them, its door propped open with a small pile of bricks.
“Is it not supposed to be?” asked Nes.
“No,” Trenna said while lightly shaking her head. “Without electricity, the insides of shops are void black, so after we raided them, we just left them closed. With no reason to go back inside, they’ve stayed closed, sometimes barred. I remember walking by that one recently and it wasn’t open. The table next to the door was actually half blocking it.”
Saan-Hu and Nes had been considering the open doorway as Trenna talked, and now looked at each other. Saan jerked her head towards the restaurant, signaling her intent to enter quietly. They had not exactly been noiseless up until this point, but training is training, and neither of the two agents made a sound as they got their weapons ready. The sudden quiet must have surprised Trenna, but she quickly got the hint and made no noise.
A few low but clear clicking sounds from Saan taking a flashlight and attacking it to the underbarrel mount of her machine pistol were matched by Nes doing the same for his own flashlight and rifle. They both turned on flat white diodes on their shoulders that were disguised as sewn-in buttons. They already revealed their presence with sound in conversation, so they may as well have decent peripheral lighting even while sneaking. Saan led the way to the door, passing another construction light, and this one was exactly like the others in the fact that all the glass casings for bulbs were broken. The amount of broken glass all around here meant Nes had used grenades, a dangerous tool to use in such close quarters; it symbolized how dire the situation had gotten, even if only temporarily so.
In a moment they were at the door, and Saan’s impatience manifested itself when she entered without any semblance of breach procedure, moving only a pair of steps inside of the doorway  as her light cut through oily shadows. Most restaurants in big subway hubs served the food outside in the public space, so there was never really much furniture inside a shop.
As Saan was moving the light around, the surplus furniture and equipment making the inky shadows play around and shift in size, she thought for a second more about her act of breaking strictly ingrained breach procedure to enter this storefront. Her lack of experience and a nervousness she hid well accounted for that, she told herself, but Nes was just as inexperienced. How had he been able to handle killing so many people his first time in real combat? Was it the fact that he had to protect Trenna?
Saan pushed those contemplations back a bit so as to not be distracted into breaking more safety protocols. There was nothing special in the small waiting area of the soup restaurant, she decided. The Social Cypher made this place a ghost town when the street-level trolley system was activated and Saan imagined that every restaurant here was the same way: gutted of anything useful. They all inched ahead, step by stealthy step, even though the crunch of broken glass when they first walked in will have revealed them if their not-overly-quiet conversation moments before had not. 
An unblocked doorway that led to the kitchen behind the register counter was half open, and past that was an exit to the back halls that stood open, barely visible from where they stood. That hallway would connect to all of the stores, allowing for deliveries and employee entry. Saan, walking at a pace that would allow her to respond in case she was attacked, went closer to the counter and used her hip to open the swinging waist-high gate leading to the employee-only section. It squeaked as she pushed it aside.
With only a cursory examination of the behind-the-counter space, Saan went into the kitchen and cooking area through the half open door, and then stopped. Nothing of interest here either, so she gave herself permission to check the hallway. The door itself was gone, taken off its hinges – not a surprise since these backdoors would be made of re-usable metals – so Saan went ahead into the corridor. Looking left, her flashlight revealed only some worn down wooden pallets that would have been more trouble to move than just leave behind, lots of cobwebs, and an annoying amount of dust in the air of the long un-utilized hallway. While Saan-Hu looked one way, Nes had come up behind her to look in the other direction, leading to a loud, startled gasp from Trenna.
Saan turned around quickly to see what Nes was pointing at, and used her flashlight to further highlight a chest-high stack of wooden pallets a few meters away. One of several sets of shifting footprints, a clear sign of a brawl, bore the distinct tread of the Saint’s custom boots. The highest pallet on the stack was cracked in several places, the wooden wounds so fresh it must have been broken during the fight. A jagged piece of broken wood at waist level of the pile held a scrap of brown leather, torn off from an article of clothing. Around the leather, on the wood of the same broken skid, and on the wall of the narrow hallway, were a few small splatters of blood. Both Saan and Nes would have come to the same conclusion thanks to the brown leather and their own worry: the blood was Dastou’s.
Saan moved closer to the suspicious scene, slipping by Nes and Trenna in the now cramped hallway. She was honestly thankful for the need to move around them, as it gave her a second to calm her breathing.
“I don’t understand,” said Saan-Hu. “This means he’s hurt, and that he was taken away by force.”
Nes responded after a few seconds. “Yeah, that sounds about right. It’s hard to swallow but I’ve got no other guess at what happened.”
Saan studied the spread and patterns of foot prints, including Dastou’s, to try and figure out why he was able to be taken. Even injured a Saint is formidable, dominant. The legend of Saint Guirad comes to mind, who walked and crawled for two kilometers while bleeding heavily after some unexplained incident just so he could die on a beach, watching the sunrise. There was barely any blood here at all, yet her boss and friend was taken by force after a brawl with some miscreants.
She finally turned toward Nes again and pointed her gun and light at the wall, using the bounced luminosity to see his face better than the white shoulder diodes alone. He adjusted his rifle to aim at the opposite wall, his shoulder seemingly injured during the ambush, and accidentally pointed his light at her chest for a second. He jerked the light away and aimed at the wall he was aiming for to begin with, eyebrows half raised in a joking, silent “oh my, that was not a purposeful look at your breasts at all” apology. She lightly shook her head at his unprofessionalism, especially since she already knew he’d never look at her in that way at this point in their friendship, and simply continued with what she was about to say.
“Does this scene truly fit what could have happened? Dastou fought and…” Saan hesitated and glanced at Trenna Geil, remembering that these people were her former mates in homelessness, but there was no way around what she had to say. “… Killed three of the people that ambushed you, then was overwhelmed in this small space and kidnapped?”
“It fits what happened, sure, but not how,” Nes responded. “I mean, maybe he was poisoned before the fight in this dark hallway somehow?”
Trenna chimed in. “Would the darkness matter to him?”
“Ah, yes,” answered Saan, “the rumors that Saints have impeccable night vision.”
In truth, when Dastou expanded his entourage – the few friends and allies a Saint tends to group up with over time – to become the much larger Davranis Security Force, those rumors also became linked with all of the agents. Nes once told Saan about the trouble he had getting his parents and sisters to understand that he was not, and never would be, a demi-god. It’s not a surprise fewer and fewer students or members of the Academy take leave to go visit their old lives when they end up trying to convince people not to leave them offerings, or turning down bar bets about their “powers.” Her own reason for not visiting her home was… more complex than that.
“Trust me, they can’t see in the dark in any special way,” Nes continued from where Saan left off. “Dastou plays a terrible game of darts when the lights are off, and hits any target he wants in light. His eyesight is perfect, but he doesn’t have any sort of animal-like night-vision, and neither do the rest of us. Hence the flashlights.”
“Well put,” said Saan. “About Nes’s poison theory, it is a possibility. However, he would not allow that to happen at close range with his instincts, unless it was a long-distance syringe-like projectile being used.”
Nes sighed. “And no one has that technology besides us and the Cypher for animal control. Right. Uh… a Kaialus seizure? Maybe he was affected by one mid-fight and taken.”
“Not likely,” Saan said shaking her head. “He would not be indulging in trying to get into the Null Bank while fist-fighting back here. Maybe the fall from Silverline Sharp was inhibiting his skills in a way I did not notice…?”
“With the stuff in the med bay at your disposal? Nah, you’d have caught anything that was off about him, probably. Likely.” Nes took a frustrated breath and looked back at Trenna. “What about this ‘citizen’ your friend mentioned? Your people didn’t do this alone, from what we were told, and he specifically wanted to kidnap Dastou. Which has happened. Think, did you notice anything else different recently, like the opened door that got us back here, that would maybe hint at that guy’s plans?”
“Hold on, Nes, who is this person you are talking about?” asked Saan.
Nes scratched his chin while answering, an old habit of his signifying confusion. “I don’t really know. The last man alive from the ambush group told us that someone he referred to as the ‘citizen’ wanted them to grab the Saint. So if he was their leader or planner, I think we can start with any clues he left behind to figure things out.”
“Wait, wait, wait,” said Trenna, an excited and very slightly more forceful tone to her voice getting the agents’ attention along with her waving hands. “What about that over there?”
The girl held up a finger, pointing it down the hallway and behind Saan, past the stack of skids damaged from the fight.
Saan aimed her light in the general direction of where the girl indicated, and saw what caught her attention: a few droplets of blood, shining in the light and obvious against the dusty backdrop. She also noticed two parallel lines on the floor and leading away.
“There,” said Trenna, “I knew I saw something weird.”
Nes pointed his gun even further down the hall, and saw the trail continue. More shoe prints, more drag lines, a few droplets of blood.
“If you don’t mind me guessing, too” said Trenna, “I say he let himself be taken.”
The others kept their lights pointed down the hall, and let their shoulder diodes illuminate Trenna as they stared at her.
“Um… I just figured that, uh, the way he is, and the way other Saints are, he’d put himself in danger to get closer to the middle, I mean center of the problem. It happened all the time with Saints, right? Making themselves sick, or visiting dangerous lands, or…”
Saan cut her off with a hand on her shoulder. The girl must have interpreted their stares as annoyance and started babbling. “Calm down,” Saan said, “it’s fine. I’m inclined to agree.”
“Same here,” Nes said. “The crazy bastard more than likely would let himself get snatched just to see what happens after.”
Trenna nodded, and spoke up again now that she was assured her advice was appreciated. “I thought it was a stain or something when we first got here. Maybe he wants us to follow it?”
“Trenna Geil,” said Nes, “have you ever considered the lucrative career of Davranis Security Force agent? The food is good, it pays well, and you get to have an insane person as your boss.”
Trenna snorted at the well-earned compliment, and even Saan had to smirk. The staff sergeant was also covering up how slightly embarrassed she was at having joined Nes in making over-the-top guesses only to have a civilian point out exactly what happened moments later. Now that they had a better hypothesis as to what happened, she did not want to waste time standing and figuring anything else out, or going all the way back to the Caravan to report since their radios were dead. She left orders for the junior agents to continue doing research into the tremors, and they locked down the place after she stepped out, so she may as well stick with trying to find Dastou.
Saan pointed her flashlight further down the hallway than Nes did a moment ago and a gleam bounced off of more dried droplets of blood. More footsteps from various sources and more drag lines were also visible.
“Trenna, stay between us as we go, please,” Saan ordered.
Saan-Hu led the way along the hall and reached the first droplets they could track, spotting two more drippings down the same line of sight, and found herself hoping they wouldn’t find a bigger, more ominous dark red pool along the path Dastou set out for them.
*****
Dastou’s view was void black, and he lost patience with faking unconsciousness. He had hoped the ruse would help him find out where he was being taken, but they put a cloth sack over his head for the whole trip. All he could figure was that he was in a large, old space, far underground. He also wanted to listen in on any conversation after being sat down, hands tied behind his back and head still covered. Unfortunately these people were tight-lipped on the way here, and he seemed to have been left with a single guard after being manhandled into a seat.
He had feigned getting hit several times during the fight against three of Trenna’s homeless contingent – admittedly he did it with aplomb enough to persuade pretty much anyone – yet no one noticed that there was no knot on the side of his head where he took the “hardest” hit. Even the stabbing injury that was supposed to be so surprising it allowed him to be knocked out was just a flesh wound; his white shirt and leather jacket were more damaged than he was.
They also didn’t search him, so he still had couple of Stitch slips inside jacket pockets. The sheath he sewed onto the small of the jacket’s back was similarly untouched, so he had his combat knife, too. Since he was still as armed as ever and no one was talking, despite his incredible performance and surely convincing unconscious state, it was time to stop playing pretend.
When he started moving around, “surprised” at being tied up and blinded, the guard in the room departed. When he came back two minutes later, someone else was with him, someone with a step that could be called dainty compared to the guard’s heavy footing. The rough-textured sack over Dastou’s head was snatched away with no attempt to be kind about it, and it scratched at his cheeks and bald pate as if went up
The guard that so unkindly removed the sack was as big as his steps indicated, a brute of a man with wide shoulders and what looked like the strength to bend a steel pipe for fun. A part of Trenna Geil’s homeless camp, obvious by the ragged “borrowed” clothing he wore, this guy’s priority when raiding during Social Cyphers must have been food and exercise equipment. He also carried an assault rifle, the same model as the ones used in the ambush. The big guy was not one of the three that fought him in the subway hub and “won.” The other man in the room, brought here by Brute, was older than Dastou thought he would be, early-to-mid forties. He was fit, with salt and pepper short-cropped hair, pale skin, a good shave, and traditionally handsome features. He wore far better clothing than the rest of the subway camp folks – a tan button down shirt, black tie and trousers, and a thin, dark blue jacket of similar length to Dastou’s partially ruined leather jacket. It was all clean, pressed, and expertly tailored. The older stranger met the Saint’s eyes with no fear whatsoever, kneeling down to establish an even eye-line with the seated Dastou. He showed no emotion, and the Saint felt like he was being examined. 
The Saint took the opportunity to quickly look around the room, a simple square that looked like a closet in an all-brick fort. One door led in or out, it’s hand-made wooden door barely on the hinges. Thick dust covered every inch of the space except where recently disturbed. The grout between the bricks in the wall was not maintained, full of little pock marks signifying where tiny bits of it had crumbled away. Everything about the room said that this place was old, very old. The Saint took longer than he should have to look around, exaggerating his head movements to show the salt-and-pepper stranger than he was being actively ignored. After a few long moments, Dastou finally looked directly at the newcomer and started a conversation.
“Hello, Dead Man,” said Dastou.
The stranger signaled the guard with a flick of the wrist, and Dastou received a swift punch to the side of his nose. The Saint heard a pop as his head snapped to the side, but that was from the impact, not anything breaking. It hurt like hell, and a drop of warm blood trickled down to the Dastou’s upper lip. He licked it, happy that his nose was not broken by the subdued strike, and wondered just how hard Brute could hit when not holding back.
“The blood of a Saint is a rare thing to be seen by an outsider,” said the stranger.
He had an accent that Dastou had never once heard. It was similar to Saan-Hu’s western tribal inflection, but the vowels were sharper, closer to far-eastern nomads’ pronunciations.
“It’s spoken of in stories,” the man continued, “fables created by the Brightseer masses over the centuries. Sometimes the stories are pure falsehood, sometimes they are based on the real escapades of members of the Sainthood or their entourages. I have made you bleed twice without touching you myself, Cosamian, so maybe they should start writing stories about me, hm?”
There was no indication that this man was anything less than an immense egomaniac from the way he oozed self-assuredness. It was creepy, to say the least. Dead Man glanced down at the wound below Dastou’s left ribs, where the Saint allowed himself to be stabbed earlier. That cut was held and squeezed at a few times to make a trail before Dastou went into his fake little coma, but the stranger thought it was a point of weakness, something that should be shameful or embarrassing to have been allowed to happen. He clearly wanted some kind of reaction, some proof that he had already gotten in his captive’s head despite barely having said or done anything. Going along with that overconfidence could be a way to surreptitiously find out the man’s motives. But it would be a lot more enjoyable to antagonize him.
“You know my name, it’s only fair that you tell me yours,” Dastou said, then smiled. “I’d like to know that much at least so I can carve it into the ground above your upcoming shallow grave.”
“Clever,” Dead Man said in a deadpan, annoyed tone.
“Yeah, I thought so, too. Are you going to tell me or not?”
“I don’t actually have a name as far as you’re concerned, but you may call me Citizen Vaiss.”
“Good. Citizen Vaiss. Let’s get right to business. I assume that ambush in the subway hub was just a distraction?”
Vaiss smiled lightly, amused either by Dastou’s question, the answer he was going to give, or the fact that the magnificent ruse was figured out by such a lowly being.
“Correct,” said Vaiss. “I needed you alone and separated from Corporal Jaydef for a long enough span of time to capture you and bring you here.”
“So you got your own people killed just to have a chat? I was in the embassy; you could have walked in.”
“You haven’t exactly started taking appointments from random strangers, Mr. Saint. And I don’t believe my people are dead. A lot of them, yes, but your Nesembraci Jaydef would not survive, either.”
Dastou found Vaiss’s matter-of-fact tone bothersome. Trenna Geil’s people, free of the Cypher’s whims, were used by this person somehow. Additionally, Nes would not be killed just by armed civilians, no matter how much firepower was hurled his way, so this man sent those free people to be slaughtered just to kidnap the last Saint.
“You really think one of my absolute best agents, someone who I’ve worked with personally for years, since he was a rookie, is going to be killed by your ridiculous hit squad?”
“He is dead by now. Thanks to having to protect Ms. Trenna Geil, his abilities in combat would have been reduced. That worshipper of yours made for excellent bait, if nothing else.”
The Saint became even more disturbed. This Vaiss had so much callousness when speaking of getting people killed, of using them, of leaving them to die, that it was frightening. Dastou stared into the man’s eyes, studying their color. They were dark-brown, striated with a striking yellowish-amber, something he’d never seen before. Thinking on the man’s voice again, there was something besides the accent that was strange about it.
“Well then, Vaiss, what do you want from me? All that trouble, the attack and deaths on the street, getting people killed. Why?”
“Because you can give me something so very important. Something that you have been hoarding like an animal before a long winter,” said Vaiss.
“My glass figurine collection? I like those. If you want one I guess I can spare the one shaped like a fishing boat, it doesn’t really fit with the theme in my bedro…”
Another flick of the wrist from Vaiss and this time Brute went for the gut, swinging with full strength. The single blow knocked the wind completely out of the Saint. He breathed in too fast, and on the exhale was racked with a coughing fit that shook his entire body. He wasn’t faking that in any way; the punch rocked Dastou, and taking in air became a painful chore for a minute. When the coughing finally abated, Vaiss continued.
“I want information on the Social Cypher,” he elaborated. “Everything you have collected and studied. Timings, locations, durations. All of it.”
Dastou laughed, then coughed a bit more, taking his time before speaking again.
“Our data on the Cypher? No, I’ll keep that, too, thank you.” A small cough, a slight wheeze, and then the Saint went on. “You wouldn’t understand it anyway.”
“No, you don’t understand it,” said Vaiss with clear irritation. He seemed to barely be holding back a strong streak of anger. “Your agents scour the world studying the hypnotism events like men and women obsessed. You know nothing, yet desire for critical information as if it will edify.”
“Oh, and you know it’s critical, huh?” said Dastou. “Why do you want that information anyway, it can’t be useful to you?”
“Ah, I see,” said Vaiss, much calmer, more controlled. “You play at turning this interview towards me.” Dastou didn’t think it was that obvious, but the man was right. “If I was a simplistic Brightseer or one of your agents such a tactic may have succeeded, but I am not going to be fooled by an anomalous creature’s little tricks. My business with that data is my own, and beyond what your kind can comprehend, despite your... advantages.”
Dastou tried to wrap his head around why Vaiss sounded like he was utterly disgusted by the mere past existence of Saints. They never made an enemy that was so actively against them, and any group that opposed or despised the Sainthood did so quietly, mostly by shirking away from society. That was fine, of course, as the Saints were never a group that would, for the most part, care to hurt anyone who distrusted them; it was easier to leave them in peace, as they themselves wanted. Citizen Vaiss not only hated the Saints – that was clear from the way he spoke down to Dastou – but he seemed to have some great piece of knowledge that made him incredibly confident in the rightness of that loathing.
Citizen Vaiss stood back up, stretched for a second, then turned around and walked away. He stopped at the door and turned his head back just a bit before speaking. It was melodramatic, but Dastou appreciated Vaiss’s flair. He would have applauded if he wasn’t tied up.
“You have no clue what you are stockpiling, and I will tear your agency apart to make sure you no longer have it. You are the last of your people, Cosamian, and you all have at last failed.”
The door was left half open after Vaiss exited. Brute took a position leaning against the jamb before giving Dastou a quick “if you try to escape I’ll beat you into paste” look.



Chapter 8: Howling In The Deep


The service hallway behind the train station’s shopping level led to a narrow, concrete stairwell that fed Saan, Nes, and Trenna down one flight, to the boarding level. At the end of that next, shorter, hazy-aired passage the footprints, drag marks, and occasional blood droplets continued until the trio reached a rotting wooden door. Saan thought the dingy thing looked like it was stolen from the front entry of the oldest suburban home possible.
“I’ve never been here before,” admitted Trenna. “I never even heard anyone mention a door at the end of the back hall.”
Nes touched the out-of-place door, knocked on it, looked at it a little bit too long, and then easily tore off a piece of the decrepit wood with his bare fingers. “The Cypher doesn’t let wood get this bad,” he said, studying the shard of building material in his hand before tossing it aside. “This spot must have been ignored long before the trolley system replaced subways.”
Saan, nearly shoulder-to-shoulder with Nes in the tight space, touched the doorknob, finding it very loose. She pushed down on it without turning it, heard wood crack, and pushed harder. The knob was ripped out of the door, with the opposite half of it hitting the floor on the other side with a tinny clang. Nes shrugged when she glanced over at him.
“Been working out?” he asked.
“Always. Let us move on,” she said while pushing the now-unlatched door open.
Only two steps beyond the door, Saan was sure everyone became equally perplexed at what they were looking at.
“There’s not a chance that… what?” Nes whispered, confusion fumbling his question before he could figure out how to ask it.
“I think maybe I should’ve explored the place where I lived a little more,” Trenna said.
Beyond the door was a metal spiral staircase with wide steps, lit oil lamps hanging on the inner banister at regular intervals. Those lamps just barely illuminated the way down, revealing a brick-encased silo meant only for travel between the subway hub and whatever was at the end of these steps. The haziness of the first floor service hallway was due to a little bit of the smoke from these lamps getting in there, though most of the exhaust escaped into three big vents above eye level.
A passing glance revealed that the oil in the light fixtures was about halfway gone on all the ones Saan could see, meaning someone had turned these on within the last pair of days if they were left burning all day and all night, which the smoke suggested. The weak, yellowish illumination was enough to reveal more footprints to follow and parallel marks in the dust on each step, but no more blood.
Nes clicked his tongue, thinking, then stated the obvious. “Someone was dragged down these steps. If our guess at Dastou’s intentions to let himself be taken for the sake of figuring out what was really going on, those marks are his.”
“Clearly,” said Saan. “It would have been troublesome to perform a fireman’s carry all the way down for a single person, so two people could better handle the load on the wide steps.” She thought for a few seconds. “These oil lamps will give us away no matter what we do, let alone the sounds of walking on metal steps, so we will keep our lights on. If anything, it will adversely affect the dark-adapted vision of any enemy further down. Move stealthily, but we need not keep quiet. A slight echo travelling up and down this… cylinder will mask our distance.”
That did not have to be explained to her fellow agent Nes; it was more to keep Trenna appraised of how to act from here on out until otherwise stated. It’s also like the agents were showing off, knowing that this was one of the few times they’d have a guest along on a mission.
The trio started down the newly discovered stairs, staff sergeant in front, corporal at the rear, civilian between them. As they went downward, Saan looked back a couple of times to see Trenna sticking close to the brick wall on the edge of the spiral staircase. Was she afraid of heights? It took her a moment to remember that such apprehension was actually normal. It was drilled out of DSF agents like herself and Nes thanks to being forced to climb the massive hundred-story tower in the middle of Davranis Central, near the Academy, on a regular basis. There were several standard fears that Dastou could hypnotize out of someone, but heights was something that had to be beaten out of your system, so to speak. Saan did not want to slow down to give the girl time to adjust, and just hoped the steps ended before the girl could have a panic attack. Halfway down, Trenna seemed to decide that distracting herself might be easier, and she was told that noise did not matter. 
“I’ve been wondering,” said Trenna, “what is that piece of paper that Mr. Dastou put on the ground earlier? It had a bunch of weird symbols on it, so I couldn’t read it.”
“You…,” was Nes’s first attempt to answer. Then he cleared his throat and continued: “You saw that?”
“Uh-huh. I was looking away when I was ducking from the shooting, and saw this thing on the ground. Then you put one on my shoulder that got ripped off on the escalator when we tried to sneak up.”
Apparently, Saan realized, they had quite the story to tell about what happened before she arrived on the scene. Moreover, it was surprising that Trenna, a Brightseer, noticed the special “piece of paper” as she referred to it.
“It is called a ‘Stitch,’” answered Saan. “Essentially, it is portable, direct hypnotism. It can be a useful tool, and Dastou tends to carry some at all times.”
“Wow, really? Then is that why no one shot at us from above when it… started?”
Saan was, to put it simply, dumbfounded. Not only was Trenna Geil able to see a Stitch and not be affected by it, but she figured out what it was for in the combat scenario.
“Exactly right,” said Nes, his voice cheery with respect, like a teacher proud of a student. “I didn’t even notice when he did it, but that piece of paper saved our asses.”
Thanks to the oil lamps further along, Saan could just barely make out the landing that meant the end of the spiral staircase, and estimated that they had travelled down three stories so far. Not a long distance, but they went at a somewhat stealthy pace. Despite the conversation, a part of Saan’s brain was occupied with making sure to notice sounds that were not their own in case another trap lay ahead – the same would be true for Nes.
Letting her curiosity overtake the logic of asking DSF agents for secret information, Trenna continued her queries. “If he carries them around all the time, does he use them for anything else, I mean outside of a fight?”
“That would not be prudent,” answered Saan, noting a tiny bit of defensiveness in her tone. She let that go, and decided that there was no point in hiding much from the girl at this point. Trenna saved Nes, her closest friend, according to the short recounting of the ambush he gave, so the girl had earned a right to have anything she asked answered. “Dastou is not the type to be selfish in terms of his own needs. He can already get anything he wants by simply asking or making it himself, so using hypnotism in anything but a defensive capacity is against what he stands for.”
“Honestly,” added Nes, “he’s barely had reason to use it defensively, either. I’m thinking… six times in his life, max. That’s less than a lot of previous Saints, who used them to make sure people forgot they had visited someplace if they wanted to keep their presence a secret.”
“I see,” whispered Trenna contemplatively. A few seconds later, she continued. “That might explain the historic confusion about whether a Saint was one place or another.”
“Correct,” said Saan-Hu, noticing they had gone down about another flight, and that Trenna was again revealing how much she had religiously studied the Saints in her past. “People from afar might have spotted one of them in an area, but no one nearby could ever corroborate. Not unless the Saint allowed it. A basic ‘Ignore Me’ command written on a Stitch and adhered or sewn onto clothing takes care of that with few issues.”
 “Was that written on the one Saint Dastou left on the ground? It was the same as the one Nes put on me.”
“You’re close,” said Nes. “The Ignore Me command is for a person, Ignore is for an area. Dastou used Ignore to make those above us move around by being unable to look at a small circumference around the note without feeling sick. So far those two Stitch might be the only things that worked the way they should have today.”
A couple of meters from the end of the staircase, Saan put her hand up to call for silence. The order was obeyed. The landing was flat, paved with slightly redder brick, and the cylindrical downward route they had travelled ended here. An arched exit big enough for only one person to go through at a time was the only way out.
She looked behind and up, making eye-contact with Nes, and signaled him to step down alongside her. He complied.
When he was very close to her, she whispered in as low a volume as she possibly could. “We will use the lights to blind any surprise attackers, then proceed. We must not be slowed for long.”
Once again, these words were for Trenna’s benefit and compliance. Nes simply nodded in agreement, something, most likely worry combined with a disregarded apprehension, creasing his brow before he followed her to the landing. He had already taken several lives not even an hour ago; there is no chance he was looking forward to more combat so soon after the ambush.
On her signal and in perfect execution of breach protocol, they went through the archway one at a time, scanned one side each, and found not a single person waiting for them. Saan was not surprised, as the service hallway in the station’s mini-mall would have been a better spot for a second ambush with it having two directions to assault them from. If whoever this “Citizen” was that put himself in charge of the homeless attackers was good enough to create a trap that Dastou truly did not see coming until the last possible second, he would also plan the perfect secondary trap. This was not it.
“Alright, Trenna,” Saan –Hu called from just past the archway, “you can come down.”
As the clinks of Trenna’s steps echoed back up the cylinder, Saan studied the beginnings of a narrow brick path in front of her. The ceiling was only a meter above her, and Nes’s taller frame meant he would be even closer to scraping the top of the passage with his wavy-haired head.
“This is the absolute definition of cramped,” he said following a sigh.
The liquid fuel-burning oil lamps stopped on the staircase, replaced here by small lantern-shaped electric devices using small but bright blue-white diode bulbs near the carved-out ceiling. A close look at one of them showed that it ran on a pair of thumb-sized batteries, ones that would have to be replaced quite rarely thanks to the efficiency of their diodes. Recognizing the basic design, Saan reached up, held a button, and saw three small green lights come on, meaning the batteries were mostly full. 
“If the batteries haven’t been replaced recently,” said Nes after seeing the three green lights, “those efficient little things could have been on for four full days to have the minimum power needed for that. As if we needed more proof that someone had long been planning today’s excitement.”
Footprints of varying sizes not covered in layers of dust at the beginning of the excavated, brick-laden tunnels signaled that stealth would continue to be beneficial, but this time without the talking. Not only were they on level ground now, but the higher intensity of the diode lanterns made it much easier to see, so their own lights would not partially blind anyone as they would have in the darker spiral staircase silo. Saan turned to her travel mates and simply put a finger to her lips, giving an order for quiet. Nes and Trenna understood, nodding simultaneously, the former also turning off his white shoulder light before Saan did the same.
So, they stepped noiselessly, carefully, Saan and Nes taking corners with care. The passages they took had numerous intersections and ways to go, and the drag-marks had disappeared, though the footprints were still easy to track. Those prints also stuck to the wider pathways, where it would be easier to carry the Dastou-shaped load they’d have to deal with.
The stone-lined paths looked serpentine at first, but they made sense after a while: some tunnels were newer than others, connecting in ways suggesting slow expansion rather than a focused construction effort. The newer tunnels, relatively speaking, were the wide ones they walked following the trail.
The stale air, another hint at the area’s age, was something Saan did her best not to think about. She had asthma as a child, a constant concern for her and her family, as she would have about five minor attacks a year. Specialized physical and medicinal therapies when she became a full-time Ornadais Academy student got rid of it for the most part, lowering the occurrences to just one a year, and never anything to worry about. The air here smelled the way she always imagined it did when she tried to breathe and failed – musky, grimy, moldy – and it was distracting. Well, no it wasn’t, really, but there was not much else to think about. No enemies to fight, nothing to figure out, no strategies to make or remake. She was a planner by nature and training, so this stealthy walking around was starting to annoy her as much as the stale atmosphere.
The trio finally walked out of the brick tunnels into a huge, open cave. A few diode lanterns set down on the floor were barely pushing back the oppressive darkness. The pitch blackness of the space meant that another trap could be waiting in the deep shadows and there was nothing they could do about it. When no one sprung out to attack, and no gunfire riddled them with holes, Saan noted that it was also dead quiet. Except for a barely audible droning, echoing in a way that hinted at some underground river not too far away, nothing made a discernible sound different than what her group brought in. The quiet was also profound thanks to the stunned silence of the travelers, who stared at a three-meter-tall set of ornate wooden doors at the other end of the cave. They were set into a sheer limestone wall, itself chiseled flat to accommodate the entryway.
The massive doors went from being wide at the bottom to a point at the top, like a curvy letter “A” without the horizontal slash, a sharpened arch basically. Smaller doors were set into the larger ones. Just like the door in the subway station back hall that led to this strange underground area, missing dust or dirt and continuing footprints suggested that people were using these entrances today and for a little while before. Short tables to each side of the huge doors held lit candles that were close to burning themselves down to their short glass holders. The candlelight created an inviting pool of yellow-orange, the bouncing radiance helping show off the hand-carved patterns that spread across the doors top to bottom. The electric lanterns placed on the uneven stone floor showed a safe path to those big doors.
“This looks very well-made, but entirely out of place,” said Saan, speaking of the wooden doors as she walked further into the cavern. She was thinking out loud, an old habit that she couldn’t let go of and stopped trying to a while go. “The materials must have been brought from the surface somehow. Hmm...”
“That’s a lot of wood to carry,” said Nes. “Not to mention the tools and supplies needed to make the doors and carve that wall smooth. I can’t even tell how high it goes since its void black in here, but it’s obviously higher than the doors. That’s a crazy amount of work, and it all looks older than the oldest book Dastou has in the depository.”
Saan looked on the ground, found a pebble, and abruptly flung it towards an imaginary point very high in the air, putting all her weight into the throw. She angled it steeply, almost straight up really, expecting to hear the crack of it hitting the cavern ceiling. It didn’t make a sound.
“Uh…” said Trenna.
The pebble finally fell, Saan almost missing the small thing as it entered the lit area near the candle-filled tables. It bounced twice, and hit one of the wooden doors. 
“Uh…” repeated Nes.
Its steep angle having reached an apex without striking anything on the way meant the ceiling could be as high as the subway floor. All three of them were speechless.
Trenna drew closer to Saan, and her view went from the doors, to the wall, to the tables with candles on them. “You know, this almost looks like a tribute and trade point,” she said, breaking the stunned silence by mentioning the barter system used by eastern nomad groups. “Way, way bigger, though. Usually tribes will leave something carved flat into a big rock or something else more or less permanent to say ‘hey, people were here and will be here again.’”
Saan knew exactly what the girl was talking about. “Those spires and markers serve the purpose of delineating a travelling path for nomad tribes, with times of year carved into the stone to tell others when a group will return to trade.”
“Wait, they carve times of year into those things? I always wondered how anyone ever found anyone else in those big expanses.”
Saan and Trenna traded an “is he serious” look with each other. The civilian had probably already gotten used to the agents have a strong depth of world knowledge, and was probably surprised that something so well-known escaped Nes’s education. The corporal caught their wordless exchange and brushed it off.
“Bah, we have diplomatic types who study this stuff so I don’t have to. I passed the class, so that’s all I need.”
“As I recall, you barely passed Eastern and Isolationist Nations,” Saan reminded him. From an isolationist tribe herself, she easily excelled, with most of what was taught as new to others having been ingrained in her mind for most of her life.
“I don’t see your point in bringing that up. I’m just more into mechanics and metal than cultures.”
“Or acting cultured.”
He dug in his nose as he spoke. “Again, I don’t see why that’s an issue.”
“Gross,” said Trenna. “Especially since your hands must be filthy.”
“Yeah… not my most well-thought-out joke.”
Saan-Hu sighed, but did not delay any longer in walking the other half of the way to the big doors, heading for the smaller doors inset in those. The others followed, and when she tested the standard metal knob next to an oversized, decorative knocker, it turned completely. Without letting the knob go, she signaled to Nes with her eyes that they would breach again. He came up to her, nodded his readiness, and they burst through the door a second later.
Disciplined as ever, the two DSF agents opened the door and rushed in, Saan going left and Nes aiming right. A handful of seconds later they confirmed no enemies nearby.
“Clear,” she said.
“Clear,” he confirmed.
Trenna took the all-clear as a sign to walk in after them, and almost tripped over her own feet when she got a good look at where she was.
Nes took a deep breath and exhaled loudly. “Are you kidding me? I should be getting real used to be real surprised at this point.”
Another incredible room, Saan thought, this one even more strange and compelling. The shallow dome ceiling, reaching just a little higher than the taller decorative doors behind her, was lit by high-powered diode lanterns hanging from chains at regular intervals; those lamps actually made the whole room fairly visible. The dome ceiling had patterns of plant life, mostly flowers, carved in relief all over it. At ground level the trio was in an entryway that led to a path with half-a-dozen rows of wooden benches on either side. No less than a hundred burning candles burned ahead of them, flanking an alcove directly ahead at the end of the room and creating a similar eerie orange glow to the ones outside in the cavern. In the alcove itself were dozens of marble busts, heads carved out of the rare, beautiful, expensive stone and placed evenly on four tiers. At this distance, though, they couldn’t tell who the carved figures were. As they talked, none of the three new arrivals looked at each other, taking in this odd location as much as they could.
“I know what this is,” said Saan. “There was a drawing in a book by Saint Dewark that was extremely similar to this.”
“Lord Hyral Dewark?” asked Trenna.
“Yes, him. He illustrated this interior, saying it came to him in a drug-induced trance.”
“Oh, right, that Dewark,” Nes said while scratching his chin, looking up as if remembering something. “That guy developed some pretty good recreational concoctions, a bunch of them so unequaled we use them to this day.”
“Unequaled may be an exaggeration,” said Saan, having partaken in some of those same drugs alongside him more than once and having the knowledge to compare them to some modern creations. “Zedhani’s newer drinks are impressive. In any case, he called this place a ‘cathedral,’ I believe. Claimed that it was a place of worship. Those carved heads may suggest he was correct.”
Saan took the lead again and walked down the center aisle between the uncomfortable-looking wooden benches. Dust and cobwebs ruled here again, with only the center aisle showing the telltale footprints of people having been here of late, just like they’ve been seeing since going underground. The air was a little more breathable somehow, though maybe she was just getting used to it. After passing the seating area, Saan noted a pair of diode lanterns that marked an open door at the corner of the cathedral, which would be their way out, but she continued directly forward for now. She walked past an empty space, an orator’s position according to Dewark’s drawing, and then up a single step to the niche at the back of the room that held the numerous sculptures.
There were twelve of them on each of the four levels, totaling forty-eight, spaced around in a perfect half-circle. A cursory glance revealed that there was a narrow path on each level behind the busts, likely accessible via a nearby ladder or a stairway behind the alcove. Each sculpture had a blank name plate below the neckline. Saan heard Trenna draw in a short, sharp breath as the girl realized who the figures were.
“Yes,” Saan agreed as she got close enough to touch the marble carvings on the lowest level, “they look like Saints.”
 “It looks like all the Saints,” said Nes. “Every single one, right from the beginning of their history.”
“The realism is incredible,” added Trenna. “I’ve never seen anything like this.”
“They are partially out of birth order, however. And some of the likenesses are imperfect,” Saan noted. “That one there, third level, fourth from the right. That is Hyral Dewark himself, but the carving is missing a scar below his left eye.”
“You’re right,” said Nes. “On the second row, Saint Folsteed. His nose was kind of offset thanks to being broken so often boxing his brother and father. He was around when better cameras came about, so there are lots of pictures.”
“Um, Mr. Dastou has hair,” said Trenna.
The others looked where the girl’s eyes were focused, the last statue on the right, first level. Nes laughed out loud.
“You’re right!” said the corporal, jogging up to examine that bust even closer. “It’s super short, but it’s there. The guy started losing his hair years ago and said he figured to just go bald with some style. This version of him looks about ten older, too, thanks to a few deeper wrinkles.”
The differences in the visages of the Saints were odd, but Saan put it together without much thought. “I believe I see a pattern. The imperfections are missing. Scars, broken noses, a burn or birth mark.”
Nes caught on. “So the busts are genetically perfect somehow. Same age range, too, around mid-thirties.”
“I’m confused. What does that mean?” asked Trenna.
Right, of course she wouldn’t know – genetics as a field of study is so new that Dastou has never bothered to incorporate it into Ornadais Academy’s lessons while he finishes up the necessary textbooks. The only reason Saan and Nes know is because he has launched into more than one long, excited speech on the subject.
“It means,” Saan explained, “that these carvings are based on the person’s pure physical attributes. Therefore, what is not represented, what is filtered out, is anything they gained from living their lives as free, willful beings, or from incredibly minor defects.”
“I think I understand, at least a little. It’s a perfect best guess, basically. So, say, if I lost my nose in some terrible accident right now, these statues wouldn’t show it because that was part of my life, not the way I was born?”
Nes quirked an eyebrow at her correct but macabre interpretation. “Gross. But, yeah, you’re on the right track.”
“And,” the girl continued, “two of these Saints, maybe more if historical records aren’t perfect, and I don’t think they are, died before reaching their mid-thirties.”
Again Nes was scratching his chin in thought, but Saan only saw that in her periphery as she was focused squarely on an odd groove on an unmarked name plate below one of the bust’s necklines. Instinct led her to trace it with a finger, but when she touched it a tiny click caught her off guard. She took a step back as a small door concealed in the sculpture’s stand pushed itself outward.
“Well now, what is that?” asked Nes as he and Trenna stepped toward Saan.
“I’m not sure,” replied Saan. “I believed I saw something similar to how Dastou hides tools on his desk and touched it. I see I was correct.”
She went back to the statue and looked in the drawer. Inside, she found a small rectangular cuboid made of some transparent, plastic-looking material. It was as long as her index finger but fatter, and there was something sealed inside of the perfectly-shaped item.
“Is that... a lock of this Saint’s hair?” asked Trenna, who was next to Nes and looking over Saan’s shoulder along with him.
“It is hair, whose it is can be deciphered later on; though I would say the chance is high it belongs to this Saint. Hmmm… I have an idea.”
She went to the next bust over, tapped the same area with a finger, and it opened to reveal another plastic cuboid holding another lock of hair. Saan backed away, bumping Nes accidentally, who raised in eyebrow in disapproval at her abnormal clumsiness. She unclipped her backpack and rummaged in a pocket, then pulled out a square of synthetic cloth and unfolded it, revealing it to be another bag, a thin one with string-style shoulder straps. It is meant to be used for items being brought back during a mission, and she handed it to Trenna.
“Here, take this. Myself and Nes will search the sculptures and toss you the objects if there are any more,” ordered Saan, speaking quickly.
“Sure, I’ll take care of it,” replied an eager Trenna.
They were in a hurry to find Dastou, obviously, but this was too strange a find to pass up. If they could not return to this place, they will have missed something potentially important, and their boss would be let down at such a wasted opportunity. Nes was already moving towards the statuettes on the far side of the first level, looking to start with Dastou’s bust, the last in that direction, when he abruptly stopped. The corporal looked around, finding something wrong about this place from the look on his face.
“What is it?” asked Saan.
“Is it just me, or does this place look a whole lot like the meeting area in the Stone-State embassy?”
Saan glanced around and realized that he was absolutely correct. The half circle alcove with people, in this case busts of people, on different levels; the seating area with wooden benches a path in the middle; what could be considered a speaker’s area between and in front of them.
“Undoubtedly,” agreed Saan. “But why is that the case? This structure is the oldest I’ve ever seen or heard of, and...”
“That embassy is about the newest,” Nes finished.
“Maybe the design was accidentally stolen?” figured Trenna. “Like inspiration or something, but without knowing about the original.”
“That’s a bit too innocent a thought for such a clear and suspicious coincidence. We can ponder the reason for the look-alike rooms later. Let’s collect these cuboids first.”
Saan-Hu rushed to find how to reach the carvings higher up as Nes continued back to where he was first headed. Her earlier assumption was correct, and there was a rope ladder hanging down the side of the alcove, nailed into stone for stability. She climbed it, getting off on the second level’s small landing. To touch the spot needed to activate the hidden drawer, she had to reach over the busts. When the compartment opened on her first marble figure, she saw a clear, rectangular item that looked identical to the first, but barely looked at it before grabbing and tossing it down to a waiting Trenna. The girl was going to put it down next to the first handful she had already – from Nes since he was starting from the easier to reach ground level busts – but paused to study it.
“There’s something different in this one, Trenna called. “It’s not hair.”
“Understood,” answered Saan. “We will have a look at them all for a moment when finished with the collection.”
“Yes, Ms., uh... Ma’am,” said Trenna.
The girl’s delay was because Saan never said what her own last name was. Well, she didn’t have one anymore, so the mix up was not unexpected. It was why she was simply ma’am or staff sergeant to lower ranked recruits – there was no way they’d call her just by her full first name of Saan-Hu. Some attitude-filled young lady casually did that once. Once. The bruise that followed the nomenclature mishap made sure she respected her superior in public from then on.
When the collecting was over a few minutes later and the objects removed from every single statue, Saan and Nes got back to Trenna. Saan had not been paying attention to what the girl was doing, and was surprised to see three separate groupings of little rectangles on the floor, the girl thinking hard about them.
“What’s up with the filing system?” asked Nes.
“Um, let’s see...,” said Trenna, thinking. “I organized them by generation first, and each group is that way even though I had to add another type of arrangement.”
“Oh?” said a curious Saan.
“Yeah. Uh, you can tell there’s different stuff inside each set. Twenty-eight are locks of hair. Fourteen are skin, or what look like flakes of skin. The other six look like saliva, maybe. I don’t know.”
Saan and Nes just stared at the girl in amazement. Trenna was suddenly nervous, though, after looking up from her work and noticing the gazes.
“Oh, no. Did I do something wrong? Was this not what you wanted?” asked the girl.
Nes laughed. “Are you kidding? This is amazing! I couldn’t have done it better myself
“I expect you would not,” added Saan in a light-hearted monotone.
Trenna snorted at the friendly teasing. Saan smirked, remembering that she and Nes expressed feelings of worry at how Trenna would handle herself if things got rough. The staff sergeant figured things would not be any easier from here, and she was glad that Trenna was turning out to be smart and capable rather than a burden in need of bearing. Looking at the gathering of the odd items on the floor, the collection of which slowed them by several minutes, Saan remembered they were in a hurry to find their friend.
“Can you redo this organization later?” Saan asked Trenna.
“Sure, no problem. Now that I did it once it’ll be pretty easy.”
“Good. Pack it up and let’s move on.”
As Trenna bent to hurriedly stuff the little plastic cuboids into the sack she was given, Saan checked her mic and confirmed that there was still no signal to the Caravan.
“The radios are either broken,” said Nes, “or something is preventing our signals from getting through properly. We know there’s not a lot of iron or other radio wave impermeable material around here from ground tests made decades ago, so something is purposely stopping them from working, I think.”
Trenna had finished packing the cuboids up, and she was the one to stare now after Nes’s out of nowhere little speech about the radios. She might also be utterly confused by what he said.
“What?” he asked.
“There’s a spider web on your cheek,” Trenna said, pointing.
“Ah!” cried Nes and flicked at the side of his face to get it off.
“She was joking,” said Saan.
Trenna snickered, then her face went gaunt when she was interrupted by the angry growling of animals that echoed through the cathedral. The sounds were ominous, frightening, deep, and multiplied in its fear factor for now having an exact direction for where they came from. The peach fuzz blonde hair on Saan’s arm and the back of her neck must have stood on end thanks to the goose bumps, and she felt an apprehensive heat overtake her momentarily. She couldn’t tell what these animals were, and they sounded like some kind of wild bear, but with a slightly higher pitch to their rumbling yowl. The trio gathered together back-to-back-to-back in a heartbeat, the DSF agents keeping their weapons at the ready.
“Holy void, what is that?” asked Nes.
“I... I am not familiar with these sounds,” said Saan. “They are clearly animals, but I don’t know which. It is hard to tell their distance, but I venture to say that they are close by.”
“Will they come after us?” asked Trenna, her voice revealing that she was breathing fast, something similarly instinctive in her telling her to feel some real, protective fear.
Saan was looking around, her head on a swivel, and she noticed Nes doing the same. A fight with wild animals in an enclosed space is not something they were armed for.
“We cannot be certain,” replied Saan to Trenna. “The safest assumption to make is that they mean us harm and we must be ready to deal with them if need be.”
“Charming,” said Nes. “In that case I propose we do what my own animal instincts are telling me: leave.”
“Yes, lets.”
They split from their outward-facing huddle and Saan led the way towards the open lantern-marked door she noticed earlier, Nes taking up the rear again. The trio left the cathedral, and hopefully those animals, behind.



Chapter 9: Body Art


Citizen Vaiss had been gone for a few minutes. At first Dastou imagined the odd-voiced man would come back with torture implements of some kind, hoping to make his captive comply with the request for the Caravan’s access codes via more vicious methods. By now, the Saint guessed, he was sitting back in a nice chair, sipping wine, reminiscing about sending innocent people to their deaths. The good life.
Of course, Dastou was not just waiting around. Since Vaiss left, he had been working on loosening the sewed-in edges of the sheath at the small of his back, which held a combat knife, using his fingernails. A simple rule the Saint inked into DSF prisoner handling guidelines was to never tie a captive’s hands behind their back; you can’t see what they’re doing. Luckily whoever tied the thin rope that was digging into his wrists didn’t figure that out. Also thanks to his bonds, any non-slight movement could be masked as an attempt to be more comfortable, so he worked without worry. Dastou was close to getting the knife loose, just a few more strands to go, so he started talking up the guard.
“So... nice weather, isn’t it? Or lack of, anyway. I bet it’s always a nice even temperature down here, being cave-like and all.”
The guard only grunted, keeping his back to the jamb, eyes staring at the half-open wooden door like it might steal his wallet.
“Vaiss…” Dastou continued, “he has you idiots wrapped around his finger, even to the point you’ll get yourselves killed for him. Who is he to you?”
“Quiet,” commanded Brute in a low, angry rumble.
“How can you follow a man who doesn’t care if you get killed? He clearly knows what I’m capable of, what my people can do to those foolhardy enough to oppose us, yet he sent your friends on some ambush against me as if they’d live. I snapped necks like twigs and they barely realized I was ever there.” Using the word “foolhardy” might have been over the top, but it all got the big guy talking.
“I said be quiet, Saint. Our leader will free us from your tyranny; your words mean nothing.”
He sounded like Stone-State Representative Jandal Tryst: rehearsed. Was that related to how Vaiss convinced them to become cannon fodder?
“What tyranny? I and most of my kind actively avoid you ridiculous Brightseers. We don’t lower our standards to the likes of you unless we need a puppet of our own in our entourage. I already have hundreds of acolytes, and none of your camp would have qualified.”
Brute looked in his direction, brow creased in irritation, his voice a quiet assured rumble. “We see the light because we are the light! You only wrap yourself in darkness and claim to be of substance. You are nothing, and Citizen Vaiss will free us.”
Again, it all sounded studied, as if this person was given those answers. Or was quoting something he heard… In fact, Brute sounded like Vaiss when he spoke just now, the words and arrogance hitting a familiar note. Was the latter man using speeches or pep talks to convince others to join him? If he was, they were eloquent enough to persuade a group of hungry, unkempt, homeless outliers to attack and kill rather than keep themselves safe and hidden.
 Dastou was still working on the sheath as he got lost in thought, almost surprising himself when the job was done. The sheath dropped into one tied-up hand, and the Saint coughed lightly to cover up the minor sound of the leather hitting his palm. Dastou slowly slid the knife out with the other, speaking to mask any further noise.
“Free you?” Dastou said in response to Brute’s statement. “Brightseers will never be free. I am in control, and when I’m done with Vaiss I’m going to use the Social Cypher to force you and all your traitorous friends to clean up sewers for the rest of your existence.”
The knife was free, and now he needed to talk over the sharp blade cutting through his bonds.
“I’ll erase your minds and then let you keep just a sliver of who you were, somewhere down deep. It will torture you and you won’t even understand why. I might even visit the sewers your little camp will be shoved into on occasion, just to enjoy the view of you all shoveling shit.”
The guard had been staring at him during these last few sentences and had struggled to keep his composure, but lost it at the very end and rushed the seemingly helpless prisoner, preparing to rearrange Dastou’s facial bone structure with the butt of his rifle. When Brute was a step closer to him, the Saint ripped free of the nearly cut-through ropes, let the awkwardly held knife and its sheath fall to the floor, the former hitting the ground with the distinct ping of metal on stone. Adjusting the weapon’s balance would have taken too long, and with Brute so close and coming for him, that time was the definition of precious. Instead the Saint moved the wooden seat when he stood, pushing it away with the backs of his knees to give himself a little more room, and got to work.
Dastou first jabbed the enemy’s laryngeal prominence, giving the protrusion a hard, fast hit. He really wanted to say “throat shot!” while he did it, but if the point was to be quiet, that would have ruined the plan entirely. The attack served as a completely surprising, stunning assault, forcing the big guy into doing not much of anything for a second. The Saint then grabbed Brute by his ragged shirt, pulling hard to spin him around in a quarter-circle. Dastou moved in an opposing quarter-circle, ending up directly behind the guard, then hopped to wrap his forearms around the tall man’s neck in the best choke hold he could manage while dangling. The guard clawed at Dastou’s forearms, whose body was held up entirely by his own will to live. After a long, excruciating minute, the guard dropped to his knees but continued to struggle, swiping up and back with exhausted arms. Another few seconds and he was barely moving. Dastou kept the choke hold going until the guy went limp.
The Saint laid the body down on the floor gently. The guy was still alive, and killing him now would be pointless. Dastou hadn’t heard anybody pass by in the few minutes he waited for Vaiss to return, and hoped it meant no one was nearby to hear the chat between himself and Brute or the not-quite-fight between them. Dastou picked up his knife and slipped it onto his belt since the sheath was useless now, angling it so it wouldn’t stab him if he ran. He looked down further to just below his waist, staring at the hem of his favorite jacket and sighed; the piece that was ripped off in the pseudo-struggle behind the soup restaurant ruined his favorite piece of clothing, though he admittedly had several identical jackets; this one just happened to be the most worn in.
Speaking, or thinking, of clothing, Dastou realized he should search this guard in case he found anything coincidentally super useful, like keys or a map. While patting down the choked out, shaggily-clothed Brute he found nothing that fantastic, but did see the edges of a small tattoo on his ankle. When the Saint, lifted the pant leg to get a better look, he suddenly became dizzy, nauseous. He felt himself pop up from being bent down as if he just spotted the most poisonous spider known to man near his hand. A horribly intense and surreal hallucination entered his mind featuring a series of strange images and sounds, mostly involving Citizen Vaiss giving orders in a distorted voice.
Dastou threw himself backward as he shot up, the hallucinations happening in the miniscule amount of time it took him to get fully upright. He tripped on his own feet and fell against the halfway open door. The door swung fast on its hinges and slammed against the outside wall, making a racket. Dastou landed on his rear and stayed there, pointedly not looking at the tattoo. Within the sound bites that streamed into his head during that hallucination was one of Vaiss saying part of what Brute repeated to Dastou, word for word. The rest was a jumble, but he must have accidentally thrown himself into a higher state of brain function for a fraction of a second. During that time, he recalled seeing a few important clues in the hallucination: the assault rifles the camp folk were carrying, the rocket launcher that attacked the embassy, plans, a hand-drawn map, a calendar, and an escape route. It all connected with what happened earlier today.
He had never quite experienced something like that, and it… Oh, no… could that be it? Was that body art a Stitch? It was the only explanation Dastou could come up with while his mind raced, but it was almost too much to handle. It was so much more complicated, so far ahead of anything a Saint has ever been capable of. It even included injected visualizations, something he previously believed impossible.
Someone yelled, their voice muffled by distance. “I heard a scream! It came from the pantry we put the Saint in, come on!”
A scream? Did Dastou scream when he was hit by that Stitch and not realize it, and was it actually louder than him hitting the door, or the door hitting the wall? That must have been the case, which was a scary thought, but now there was no time to think on it. His throat did hurt, felt scratchy all of a sudden. Dastou sighed, then stood up, making sure to keep his eye line away from the exposed tattoo, and turned to look at the hallway he was in. More stone brick construction, and plenty of light thanks to diode bulb lanterns on the walls and halfway up a ceiling twice as tall as he was. Fancy things those lanterns were, he thought, with their advanced, battery-saving technology. They were also fairly new and barely in use around most of the world outside of Davranis Central, his home. Yet here they were, underground and looking well-maintained.
He had the option of going left or right, both ways leading to sharp corners that he wouldn’t be able to scout around without being seen. Dastou could hear three sets of footsteps getting closer. Only one was coming from the left, so he went down that path.
He turned the blind, ninety-degree angle without hesitation or noise, and spotted an open door leading to another room on his left. He entered, saw a simple wooden bed, a small square of a window, and a nightstand; sleeping quarters, clearly, even if it was the definition of sparse. There was no light in this room, so Dastou would not make a shadow if he simply waited by the door, leaving it ajar to not risk a rusty squeak of hinges. The footsteps jogged closer until the enemy’s own shadow gave away an exact position in the hallway while passing the small room.
When the enemy went half-a-step past the door, Dastou rushed out and put the stranger in a choke hold from behind. Luckily this man was not three-fourths of the way to being a giant like Brute was, so no awkward hopping was needed. The surprise attack scared the gun out of Mr. Needs-A-Shower’s hands onto the floor, making an amount of noise that Dastou inwardly winced at. The man’s hands raked at the forearm across his neck, trying to tear it off, a classic and usually worthless defense.
The Saint did not want to kill him, and let the choke hold render him safely unconscious, just like the guard. It was clear now that these people were victims of a set of complex hypnotic suggestions from Citizen Vaiss, so taking their lives when another option was available would be immoral and unfair. The body was dragged into the bedroom and laid on the bed. He went back outside, took the rifle, removed the magazine and chambered round, and broke the trigger with his knife, all in about ten seconds, then left it next to the dozing enemy.
“You might want to trade the parts for that to someone with soap or deodorant,” Dastou whispered.
The other two sets of footsteps were getting closer, and they were running faster now. The dropped gun might have made just enough noise to alert the other two, so Dastou left the bedroom with its door wide open and ran further up the hall, continuing away from the pantry he was bound in. He passed another open door for a bedroom before reaching a second sharp right, which he again took blindly. There was a door a few paces away on his right, opposite a hallway path that formed the long end of a T-intersection. The door would lead to whatever large room he had been running around, and the hallway would let him get out of this general area. Going either way would not be helpful in his escape; his enemies would either trap him in the room or chase him down the hall, able to shoot him to death in both instances. Dastou only had one way to assure his safety for now, and a scant few seconds to get it done right.
On his way to the intersection, he reached up and turned off a diode lantern, knowing exactly where the switch would be on this model. The door to the central room was closed and featured only a lever handle. He shoved it open quickly and loudly, grunting for effect. The footsteps, which had stopped nearby, probably to check the sleeping quarters where their comrade was taking an involuntary nap, suddenly sped back up and headed this way. Dastou moved a few steps into the connected hallway, turned off another lamp, and put his back against the wall. With the closest lanterns off, he was able to slink into shadows and wait, combat knife in hand.
The two remaining hunters, a man and a woman that looked as homeless as the others he’d been dealing with, showed up at the door. They stopped to synchronize their entry, not noticing Dastou barely three meters behind them. Each of them stuck to one side of the door, the direction they would search when inside, a poor imitation at the DSF’s breach procedures. It was like watching children playing at soldier: their timing was off, their view lines out of synch, their movements too stiff. The man nodded his readiness and began to enter, rifle barrel not up high enough – amateurs. The guy hurried into the doorway and, since it was not big enough to let them enter simultaneously, the woman was left a step behind, still standing just outside the room for a moment.
The combat knife was not a dagger meant for throwing, not slight in size or balanced properly, but Dastou made it work the way he needed when he threw it smoothly at the woman. The weapon sunk in hard halfway up her thigh. She screamed, began to fall to her knees, and the man turned to see what happened. His eyes and mouth opened wide when he saw the Saint running full speed in his direction.
The woman was in the doorway, halfway between Dastou and the man in the next room. Jumping over her would have been too risky, so instead the Saint used her as an improvised weapon. Without halting his momentum, he grabbed the woman’s head, which was at waist level while she was in mid-collapse, and threw it forward. She effectively head-butted her partner in his abdomen, right below his sternum. The force and surprise was enough to jar him, sending him backwards. The Saint struck the back of the woman’s neck in a sensitive area almost hard enough to knock her out, and then pulled her back by her dirty pony-tailed hair, clearing the entry. Her stunned body fell to the ground, and the Saint rushed the man as he lifted the rifle again after recovering from his stagger a bit. Before the weapon could be aligned to fire, Dastou gave the man a swift, vicious elbow to the nose, breaking it. A hard punch to the side of the stranger’s face followed immediately, rendering him unconscious. Broken-Nose flopped limply to the floor like a long-dead fish.
Dastou turned to face the woman, who was struggling to stay awake and looking at the rifle she dropped when she got pulled back from the doorway. She was not hit hard enough to knock her out for a reason: the Saint needed her conscious for a small test. He stepped out of the center room and back to the hallway, stopped when he reached the woman’s feet, which were almost to the door. Taking the chance of accidentally screaming like a little girl again, he lifted her pant leg to just above the ankle, enough to see a glimpse of the same Stitch tattoo that wrecked his mind earlier. Not seeing the whole thing like he did with Brute, he thankfully felt only a trivial lightheadedness. The fact that the tattoo was there proved what he assumed earlier about this whole group from the subway camp except Trenna: they must be under Vaiss’s control thanks to his magnificent Stitch work. Trenna Geil was examined at the Academy, and anyone saw the tattoo it would have been an obvious behavioral shift. Why she was spared would need to be addressed later on.
Now for the experiment. Dastou removed a rectangular piece of paper, a normal Stitch, from an inside jacket pocket. Written on it in a coded language was the single word “sleep.” He stepped past most of the woman’s body, kneeling next to her head. Her eyes were only half-open, but that would be fine. The Saint put his Stitch in front of those droopy eyes, and she managed to look away. He grabbed her chin and forced her to look at the slip of paper in his hand. Somehow, in some way, she fought the suggestion, trying to push her face away against Dastou’s firm grip, as if to refute a lesser form of hypnotism than Citizen Vaiss’s. In a moment, she finally slept, unable to fight it off any more. Typically that Stitch was near-instant, with at most a second or two before a deep slumber came to its target or targets.
The purpose of that test was to see if the tattooed Stitch made his own weaker, and it apparently did. That meant his best weapon, something that would have gotten him out of a lot of trouble – and one of the reasons he didn’t arm himself heavily – was half-useless against anyone that Vaiss was manipulating. He felt lucky it worked at all, or the “ignore” suggestion he used in the subway hub during the ambush would have been worthless. He pulled his knife out of the woman’s thigh, carefully so as to not cause heavy bleeding, wiped it off on her clothes, and stuck it back on his belt. At least a weapon like that can’t be resisted with convincing word play.



Chapter 10: The Jealousy-Inducing Forge 


Saan’s group was past the cathedral and walking in old hallways built out of old deep-red bricks that had lost some of their sharpness of color over time, diode lanterns turned on medium giving plenty of light as her team walked. The animal baying and calling had stopped when they left what Saint Dewark called a place of worship, but their path, despite the generous width of the hallway, was even worse for a fight against wild animals. This corridor had no turns, at least, so if Dastou was ahead they would not get lost on their way to him. The only door they passed was for a large dressing room, revealed as such by two impressively-sized vanities, maybe for whoever the speaker or speakers would be in the cathedral itself.
The wide passage ended at a flight of steps leading up. They were shallow steps, the same width as the hall, and the trio did not slow down as they went up, the DSF agents both ignoring safety precautions for areas in which an enemy might lurk around any corner. There had been not a single person here so far despite the footprints embedded in thick dust along the normal walking lane – maybe that was making them careless. Even the plastic-against-plastic clicking noises that Trenna’s pack full of those odd cuboids was making, which could have been muffled by stuffing some cloth into the sack, didn’t seem to matter.
At the top of the single flight of steps, they reached a vestibule area that split into two hallways and featured a ceiling almost as high as the Caravan’s office. On the wide section of wall separating the paths, directly in front of the group, was a wooden stand-alone display with two partitions. The bottom segment was empty, but the top featured a map.
Nes tilted his head and squinted at the incredibly convenient find. “Am I hallucinating? Because that seems far too easy.”
“Hmph,” said Saan with an air of suspicion. “It looks like cloth, so we may have to be careful removing it.”
She walked up to the display and reached for a zipper in her runner’s backpack where she kept a scalpel, thinking to cut the map loose gently. Saan got her surgical blade ready and handed Nes the hard plastic blade protector. She cut the map out of its place by the edges, sending dust and tiny cloth fragments into the air as she went corner to corner. It took a lot of strength to tear the ancient fabric off the frame, much more than she expected using such a sharp implement. When the whole of the item was loose, she coated the scalpel with a fast-dissolving disinfectant from a tiny spray bottle, waited for it to dry, then replaced the plastic protector and put the surgical tool away. Saan turned the square diagram her hands, pulling at it from the sides a bit; it held together, and looked like it could take plenty more pressure.
“What are you thinking?” asked Nes, likely because she was biting her lower lip, a mark of concentration for her.
“It feels a lot like filament armor,” said Saan as she stroked the map, studying the cloth’s surface. “The patterns in the sewing are similar to that, though the material is some combination of fabrics I’ve never felt before, the textures interweaving. It looks resilient, and you saw that I had to stress to cut it with a scalpel of all things.”
 “Not really shocking – everything down here seems to be some combination of stuff we’ve never seen.”
Saan laid the map on the floor, and all three kneeled for a closer look. They got the gist of the place quickly thanks to clear symbols and writing in the common tongue. There were small sleeping quarters for over fifty people, including ten for guests. Other spaces were mostly large craft rooms marked for things like sewing and candle-making, the second-largest being a forge.
“I don’t understand. What is this place?” asked Nes.
“I think it is called a ‘monastery,’ another of Saint Dewark’s dreamed-up places.” said Saan. “People would live here, leading simple secluded lives.”
“Basically this is a home for monks, then?” asked Trenna.
“Any monks I know of,” Nes responded, “just worship the Saints as openly as they can, not in a hidden community like this. They go about their business, leaving gifts if a Saint comes along, or travelling to where they know one is hanging out.”
“This monastery serves that same purpose,” figured Saan, “though maybe the Saints or others came here instead.”
“You mean like the Djolal Points?” wondered Trenna. “Places where people leave offerings for a nearby monk, or purchase their goods or produce so they can continue to survive and worship. But those places are usually for no more than a handful of people, just a big house or cabin in the wilderness.”
“Never heard of a ‘Djolal Point,’” said Nes. “Are they common?”
“No, and they’re super, super secret. Only tribesfolk know about them or where any of them are, and Saints were known to promise to keep them secret, too.”
“Even if not all of these sleeping quarters were taken at all times,” said Saan to move the conversation along, “quite a few people could have lived here.”
Nes looked closer at the map, focusing on the placement of the rooms. “This number of workshops and storage rooms means it could sustain production of items to sell as long as they had an influx of building materials. This is almost like the factory set-up in some small towns, where a single facility is used for multiple industries to save space.”
That theory made sense, to Saan at least. But there were so many questions that they could stay there all day speculating – wasting time. She looked up at the hallways open to them. Both featured fresh footprints on the ground, so they could not choose their way from positing where their enemies would most likely be. Taking a look at the map again, she made her decision to take the rightmost path.
“Let’s go, we’re heading to the forge,” said Saan. “It would need more ventilation than anywhere else and a water source, which is also needed for anyone to reside here, or for prisoners to be held.”
She started to the forge on the map before noticing one of her short nails was partially broken. She stopped what she was doing, wanting to bite the rest of the nail down to an even length on instinct, but her hands were soiled. She rolled her eyes when Nes snickered at her, then got back to pointing out their route-to-be.
“At the very least it is a straight line from here to the forge and from there to the living area,” she said as she tapped each destination on the cloth map. “A quick search, and then we double back to the other path. Dastou will be here somewhere – it is essentially a circular path. If not him, someone who may be able to tell us where to go next.”
“Sure thing, Sarge,” said Nes with a half-hearted salute.
“Sarge” sighed and stood up, map in hand. The others got up, too, and the map was folded into a small square and stuffed into Trenna’s backpack, placed atop the rectangular cubes. Taking point and responsibility for where they were headed, Saan led the way into the right-side corridor.
Yet again there was plenty of light from lanterns along the walls. Whoever was here seemed fastidious when it came to revealing everything in sight, which was bad for a team sneaking in. They had no advantage in knowing the area, were unable to use shadows to move about, could not camouflage sound, and were dealing with a barely-known enemy. It was almost everything they were trained to avoid during an encounter in which stealth was preferred, but this was a special case. In fact this whole day was full of special cases, from the tremors, to Trenna, to the subway, to here. Saan couldn’t help but wonder how a span of just a few hours could contain it all.
On the way to the forge, they passed several doors on their right, which according to the map were storage for different types of tools and supplies. On their left, twenty meters into the hall, was a single door that led to the sewing room. It was taking up a ton of space in the central section of the monastery, its door partially open and revealing some of what was inside. The map had shown that this room was the biggest in the monastery, with that size being needed for the huge tools and equipment housed within. Massive – no exaggeration needed, as they were almost as long as she was tall – spools for thread, some partly full and some empty, lined crevices built into one of the brick walls. Large, complex looms were opposite the spool housing, and Saan made a mental note to tell Dastou about them. The Social Cypher had a tendency to recycle older equipment, which meant outdated technology was nearly impossible to find in full working order. Saints could simply access the Null Bank and recreate anything they wanted to study, but there was something about having the actual old contraptions that always appealed to them.
The team reached the thick, wooden, metal-reinforced double doors of the forge, which were open a hair’s breadth. With a head nod and two pointed fingers, Saan told Nes to open the doors while she covered him. It was the same routine they had done twice thus far and for good reason; her machine pistol had less ammo, but a higher rate of fire and smaller profile, so she would be able to get better angles faster if an enemy waited. In addition, she could distract or suppress while he and Trenna pulled back if she ordered it. It was basic DSF breach procedure for their situation, though the way things went so far, she’d be extremely surprised if there was anyone at all in there – this place felt abandoned. What kind of a group of killers and criminals leaves no guards anywhere in their hiding spot after they seemingly get away with some terrible deed by only a hair’s breadth?
In the two seconds of thought Saan had lost herself in, Nes had waved Trenna back and gotten to the door. He was half-kneeling, and Saan drew her weapon before taking her spot. She placed a forearm across the back of his shoulders and the machine pistol above his head, interlocked at the wrist with other hand, which held her multi-diode bulb flashlight. The staff sergeant tapped Corporal Jaydef on the shoulder, and he shoved as hard as he could against the double doors.
The doors flew open, Nes rushed in while quickly as he pulled up his rifle to a firing position, keeping himself in a half-crouch. Saan glided in close behind him, sweeping her gun and flashlight combination from one side of the room to the other. There was no one here.
“Clear,” Saan called out, lowering her weapon.
“No surprise there,” was Nes’s response, confirming that he was suspicious of the monastery’s emptiness as well.
Saan holstered her weapon. She was going to keep the flashlight on, but several oil lamps placed on the high ceiling suddenly lit up, one by one, so she put it back in her pocket.
“Creepy lights,” Nes said. “Matches the ambiance, at least.” 
Trenna walked in, and the women found themselves looking at an overly-intrigued Nes, who himself was staring at something on the floor.
“There’s a floor trigger,” he said, examining a barely-there pedal a slightly different shade of dark grey stone than the rest of the floor. “It gets depressed by one of the doors when they open. Must be for a flint-lighting mechanism tied in beneath the floor, up a wall, and then into the ceiling.” He looked up at the lanterns. “Uh huh, I see little metal hooks coming out above each lamp. The pedal gets pressed down, some series of ropes and pulled goes along with it, and each flint-switch is flicked on at the same time, all so no one walks into a dark room.”
“Wow. Sounds like something a Saint would make,” commented Trenna.
“Actually, yes, it does,” Saan agrees. “Normal lamps and a wall switch for the flint mechanism would do just fine, but that level of unnecessary, almost show-off efficiency is very Saint-like. In fact, having the flint mechanism at all is overdoing it.”
“The people who actively worship Saints where I come from, they always thought of Saints that way too. A little showy, lots of bravado, a kind of pointless but fun bigness.”
“’Bigness’ isn’t a word,” said Nes matter-of-factly. “And very few were really like that, the vain type of Saint, I mean, but they got a lot of attention because they wanted it.” He glanced around the room like the others. “Most are pretty normal a lot of the time, that’s why they hate being worshipped.”
“Because they don’t, er... didn’t feel special, deserving of it?” asked Trenna.
“Yeah. I think they were maybe a little ashamed, too,” revealed Nes, “that they couldn’t do anything about the Social Cypher. Damnit... my head.” He started rubbing his temple with a pair of fingers.
“Are you alright?” asked Saan.
“I think so,” he said as he stopped massaging the ache. “Don’t know why, but I got a sharp pain out of nowhere. I’m fine.”
Saan didn’t say anything further, but she also felt the start of a throbbing in the same area. It was while Nes talked to Trenna just now, and she began to wonder why they were so relaxed and talkative when they were supposedly pressed for time. Saan let her suspicion at the coincidence drop as they were not in harm’s way for the moment, and studied the room.
This metal-working space was fully equipped, something difficult to fathom for an underground facility. There was a coal room next to the hearth, a pile of the solid fuel looking like a tiny black mountain as it bled out of the unblocked doorway, the black chunks of solid fuel so old they’d lost much of their distinctive dirty-smokey-stoney smell. The aforementioned hearth was on the far right, against a wall. It was huge and bulbous, definitely not something meant for the occasional small project, rather for multiple items’ worth of molten metal when in use. A pipe came down from the ceiling, connected to a hand-cranked fan, and went into the hearth’s centered furnace; it would be for controlling the amount of air feeding the fire. That round pipe had three slits at chest level, where sliding compartments just a few millimeters tall, each with a handle, could be placed or removed.
Four anvils were what Saan would likely consider a standard distance from the hearth – close enough to be able to put an item in and out of the fire using tongs, but far enough to keep the metalworker safe outside of getting a good sweat going. A long trough shaped into a three-quarter circle surrounded the anvils, and it made the work area an almost completely separate space from the rest of the room. Auto-heaters that would run on coal were set between each anvil and its section of the trough, the hearth mainly used to prep large amounts of molten working material. Clever, but not too different from what they had in the school, except far smaller since the Academy’s massive metalworking facility featured four such setups, digital temperature readouts, automated controls, a local-area communication system, and so on.
Saan paid more attention to the three uncovered slits in the air channel. Several mesh screens with handles that would fit into any of those openings sat on a workbench. “Nes, what would those filters be for?”
“I noticed them, too, and I’m not completely sure. I’ve seen Dastou experiment with adding compounds into air before it got funneled into a furnace to partially cool the metal before drowning it.”
Everything he said went faintly over Saan’s head. Her aptitude was more in situation management and, somehow, bookkeeping. Not to mention training people how to shoot, break bones, avoid being shot, avoid getting bones broken, and keep good books.
Nes walked to the knee-high, bone-dry trough. The corporal knew what he was doing, what he was looking for, and was deep in thought. When Saan decided to come to the subway and see what was happening, she had almost brought two of the three members of the security team with her to replace Nes and send him back to the Caravan to guard the research crew. He was sometimes too silly, too loose to be taken seriously, but this was one of those times that she was reminded of how good, how motivated, he could be.
Nes was walking quickly all around the room, with Saan standing next to Trenna and wondering what he was putting together in his head. He went from the big hearth and furnace, to the workbench near it with the filters, to another table with tool boxes and other supplies, to the other side of the room. There, he opened a barrel with a warped lid next to three other similar containers, a confused look on his face after seeing what was inside. He almost reached in to touch whatever was in there with an ungloved hand, then thought better of it and put the wooden metal-lined lid back on the wooden barrel. Next, he went to what could only be called a display wall on the opposite side of the room as the hearth. On it were about a hundred different items hanging on hooks, ranging from weapons to common tools to jewelry. Some of the weapons were lavishly detailed, featuring intricate patterns and design elements. All of them featured an animal motif or shape to complement their deadly or symbolic purpose.
As a fan of bladed weaponry, Saan was desperate to simply grab the prettiest one of the kind she could see and take it home. Or, on the off chance they could get out of here with Dastou and return another time, take all of them. She actually started rearranging the weaponry in her mind, ignoring the other items. Would she organize by size or shape? And what about color? Oh! A glass-covered display area would be perfect against the east wall in her living room. The living room of the house that was also only in her head since she currently lived at the Academy, working sixty or seventy hour weeks. When Nes began to take another tour and Trenna spoke, Saan was yanked out of her daydream.
“Uh, what’s he doing?” asked Trenna.
“I have absolutely no idea, but this is one of his areas of expertise, so we may as well relax while he works,” replied Saan.
“Right.” Then, after a slight hesitation: “So... how are you, then?”
They weren’t looking at each other while talking. Instead, they swiveled their heads, keeping their focus on Nes as he went from place to place in the large forge, making ooh and aah faces.
“I am well,” Saan replied. “And you? You seem to have injured yourself, your gait is a little off.”
“Oh, you noticed, huh? Yeah, I got hurt, but I’m fine. I think the medicine he gave me must be wearing off since I’m starting to feel the pain a little more.”
Saan was reminded of something in her runner’s backpack and hoisted it off her shoulder. She knew exactly which of the five outer pockets it was in, and took the small medicine bottle out without looking, keeping her eyes on Nes as he oh’d and hmm’d his way back to the anvils for the third time.
“It was never our plan to do much more than search for evidence in the subway,” said Saan, “so Nes would have packed lightly. As a team nurse, I typically pack better than he does.” She handed Trenna the bottle and a miniature canteen with purified water. “Take two of those, please.”
“Oh, uh, sure. Thanks a lot.” The girl took one pill at a time along with a sip of water before trying to hand the small canteen back.
“Keep it, I have another.”
“Thanks,” Trenna said, then stuffed the canteen in her own backpack. “Can I ask you something? Are you, um… feeling not so worried right now? I was freaking out a little when we started coming down the steps at first, but I’m pretty relaxed now.”
Saan had been thinking the same thing. “Yes, the longer we are here, it almost seems like I am less worried about Dastou.”
“Yeah, that’s exactly what I mean. Do you think that’s strange? I mean, that’s why we’re in this place to begin with, but I feel safe here...”
“Ah hah!” barked Nes suddenly.
“Show’s over,” Saan whispered to Trenna.
Nes jogged over to them, excited to share whatever it is he found out about this place during his scrounging.
“This place is a forge, sure, but it uses a technique that Dastou has been trying to perfect for years now,” he revealed.
“Hmmm,” uttered Saan, lifting an eyebrow and wanting more information. Nes was about to give it anyway, he just wanted the prodding.
“He’s been trying to introduce different airborne compounds into metals. One way he was trying was adding it to the metal when it was completely molten using the air duct into the furnace. It always destabilized the alloys, though. That’s what those filters are: each is lined with a different powdered compound, and put in place when said compound is in use. The compounds are in those barrels over there.”
Nes walked to the big three-quarter-circle trough again. He spoke quickly, excitedly, pointing or gesturing as to what part of this forge he was talking about during his lecture.
“To be honest, I always thought it was a terrible idea. Might as well work on better alloys. But here’s the proof that it works. There’s probably a ridiculously thin layer of the powder on some of this stuff, giving the alloy or metal some additional property of another, like unbeatable friction, heat, or cold resistance. The rest feature a waxy topcoat that would do the same job, like the protective polish on a vehicle, but super-advanced compared to that.”
Saan still had not much of a clue about Dastou’s metalworking experiments, though from the way Nes spoke, he was in jealous awe of this forge. 
“Are you saying that these people,” Saan started, “the ones who used this place when it was active what would have been at least a century ago, more likely several centuries, figured all that out?”
“Exactly,” Nes replied in a reverent tone. He looked in the direction of the display wall. “The items there. None of them are made of a compound I recognize offhand. Without further testing all I can do is assume based on what D was trying out, but some of those metals look crazy strong. You see that pair of cufflinks, middle of the wall and halfway down, with other jewelry?”
“Yes, the silver ones.”
“Uh huh. The material those are made from looks similar to something I tried to invent with Dastou a few months back. The tiny flecks of brown and green are the giveaway. It was an unmitigated failure, almost embarrassing. But that stuff looks like the purest form possible for that alloy. I’d bet anything that if you shoot it at mid-range it will be barely scratched.”
He had glanced at Saan during that last sentence, and she rolled her eyes heavily at the obvious permission-asking. “Yes, you can take one or two things to study. Small, preferably.”
“Why small?” he said, already hurrying over to the wall to pick something out.
“Because we’re already filling up Trenna’s pack, and too much more might slow her down if we have to rush out. Small,” she repeated.
Saan went to the display wall to take a closer look and saw what Nes saw: the metals of every single object here were strange, off-putting. Very few of them were properly rusty, just dirty. Some had a shine on their cleaner areas that split light off into different colors, like a prism. Others appeared to be steel at first, but the coloring was off, like with the cufflinks. She took a short, slightly curved sword from the wall, and wiped it clean against her forearm. It shone like a pearl, and was similarly not fully reflective. She cleaved the air with it a few times, and it was so light it almost slipped from her hand as she swung; there must only be a little metal in the blade for structure, the rest being a layer of ultra-light hardened powder like Nes said. Saan put its blade against one of the now empty metal rungs that it was displayed on, and it dug into the surface with little force, cutting metal as if it was plastic. It was as amazing as it was frightening. The staff sergeant took the belt sheath for the sword, on display right below where she took the weapon from, and slung it around her waist before slipping the sword into place. She turned around to face the others, who were now in the middle of the room and waiting on her. Nes was giving her a dirty look as he stuffed the cufflinks, a small self-defense dagger, and a ring into Trenna’s pack.
“I said you could take something small,” she told him while walking back toward the door. “I wanted this pretty thing.”
“Well, you’re weakness for pretty things is well known… what was the last one’s name? Pastria. Oh, she was a lovely little vixen.” He smiled with half his mouth.
Saan cleared her throat pointedly to keep him from mentioning any of her other ex-girlfriends. “In any case, we are done with this room. Clearly no one has been kept here, so we will continue to the living quarters.”
But why had she bothered to stop here at all? What was the point of slowing down again? The pain at her temple grew, a tiny needle slowly digging into the side of her head, but she could ignore it for now…
She walked quickly to the open double doors of the forge. Nes rushed to her. “Wait!” he called.
Saan was already at the doorway when Nes caught up and put a hand on her shoulder. She halted but didn’t turn.
“You feel it, too, don’t you?” he asked. “This place... it’s messing with our heads somehow. It makes us feel... safe here.”
Saan-Hu turned around slowly to face Nes. She almost said that Dastou would be fine. That this monastery was harmless. But then she noticed some words mixed into her thoughts, lingering like a fog.
“’Safe here.’ Yes, that is the phrase exactly. I... do not know what that means for us, that we are thinking the same thing.”
Trenna met the other two at the doorway, where Saan could tell from Nes’s eyes that he had a guess as to what was happening to them.
“This is a Stitch, isn’t it?” asked Nes. “Thinking the same thing, the same way, with repetition. It’s group hypnotism at the level of the damn Social Cypher.”
“I feel it a little, too,” Trenna said, “but just barely. The words ‘safe here’ are in my head just like you guys. But for me it’s more of a thickness in the air, something annoying giving me goose bumps every few minutes.”
When the Stitch skill was first developed, it came with the knowledge that direct interaction with whatever contained the suggestion would break it. It could be proven by writing a coded Stitch that said “touch this” and showing it to someone. Obviously, the subject of the test touched the slip of paper, then immediately let it go as if zapped by static electricity. That loop ended in one turn, with that same hypnotic suggestion unable to be used on that person for a few hours.
In this instance, Saan had no clue as to what was being used to hypnotize them, so they would not be able to touch it and set themselves free for a while. Could Trenna’s partial immunity to hypnotism somehow benefit them in this situation?”
Before Saan could think of an idea or ask for suggestions, the yowling animal noises returned. First there were several at once, then one after another. Each shriek lasted a few seconds and was louder than in the cathedral, which meant closer. The sounds were bone-chilling, the hair on the back of her neck standing on end for the minute they kept going, and she couldn’t figure out how many of these animals there could be. The trio stood dead silent for another half-minute, waiting for something else, anything else, to happen. One more hugely loud cry and the floor and walls vibrated under its power, stirring dust and making cobwebs quiver. Saan, Nes, and Trenna looked at each other, the same fact clear in all of their wide, frightened eyes: those things were close.



Chapter 11: Themes, Voices, Howls


When he didn’t hear anyone else coming, Dastou checked the contents of the big room he tricked Broken Nose and his female partner into checking out. It was mostly empty, clearly meant to hold household supplies of all kinds. A full wall had sturdy wooden shelving meant for spare linen, and the few remaining were covered in dust, likely rotted. A few broom and mop sticks without heads were scattered about, as well, but nothing more interesting than that, so he walked out and into the hallway across the door.
Dastou strolled down the hall, and it didn’t take long before he arrived at a grid of evenly spaced hallways. More of those sparse bedrooms were behind the first few open doors he peeked into in the grid. Several dozen people could easily live here at any given time, though the Saint couldn’t figure why anyone would. He was easily bored to begin with, let alone if there was nothing to do but sleep and talk to other bored people.
He went back to tracking his way out and walked along the left side of the area as if he was in a maze, hoping not to waste time moving back and forth. The Saint didn’t travel far before he noticed a door slightly out of place in the neat grid, the closest bedrooms on either side of it maybe three times farther apart than normal. The simple door had no lock, so he just walked in like he owned the place. 
Well… Wow.
The room was a library – a big one. There were six long tables in the middle, each with eight seats. Shelving, free-standing or against the walls, dominated the rest of the space. The paths between shelves were just wide enough for two people to go get a book without obstructing each other. Dastou took some time to look around, exploring carefully, feeling as if he was disturbing a tomb in need of great reverence. Being bored would not be a problem if this library was completely filled with tomes when people were still around, but not a single book remained. Cobwebs and a covering of dust replaced them, which was disheartening. This, whatever this place was, must have been a fountain of knowledge, of discussion... of growth. He nodded to himself at that thought.
The depository attached to the Academy was full of volumes written by Saints, locked away until Dastou decided his students were ready to have free access to that level of information, which may honestly be never. While he walked this underground library’s aisles, reading the names of subject sections on plates drilled into the beginnings and ends of each stack, he realized they were organized the same way as his inaccessible archive, but with far less eclectic titles. The Saints, as crazy and varied as they were few, studied everything from metallurgy to conchology to painting. The sections in this library were stricter, with, for example, a whole aisle dedicated to the periodic table next to the one about tapestry and all related subjects. It was odd; there seemed to be no room for levity here, no fun. This was a library for people who had specific jobs to do and needed to research deeply on a regular basis. Sadly, it was empty now, so he sighed and made himself move on.
Upon leaving the library, Dastou made his way out of the living quarters grid and reached another three-way intersection. The hallways were wide and continued to be well-lit by more of those bluish-white diode bulb lanterns. He flipped a coin in his head and it “landed” on whatever would make him go left. Too bad for the imaginary coin that there was something shiny beyond an open door to the right. Shiny always wins.
Down the right corridor he went, past widely spaced doorways on his right that signaled the rooms were all massive, possibly work areas. He got to his targeted open door and looked further down the hall before entering. The next entryway was a good thirty-five meters away, then the hallway ended in a ninety-degree turn to the left another forty meters past that. Dastou had trouble keeping track of distance when he was faking unconsciousness while being brought down here, but knew that there was more to getting out than going beyond that blind turn at the end of the corridor. He shrugged, figuring there was not much to stop him from leaving no matter how long it took, and he’d probably meet Nes and Trenna partway out if they got his blood splatter clue and followed him down. So, time to go see what was so deliciously shiny.
Dastou shoved open the already ajar metal-reinforced door and walked inside the big room. Oil lamps hung from the ceiling, all of them lit, so there was plenty of light to see with. Big grates in the ceiling were for ventilation, so having liquid fuel lamps here wasn’t a hazard. The shimmering item that caught his attention to begin with: a half-meter-squared metal plate that reflected some of the light in the room was hung up at eye level. That plate was very thick, completely flat, and had an elaborate pattern carved into it. The wall where it was foisted held another twenty-seven similar plates, and thirty small white ceramic pattern stamps. A four-tiered glass-and-metal display cabinet in the corner held a few dozen more ceramic stamps. Looking to the other side of the room, three stone ovens were up against the wall, directly opposite the pattern-plates. The wall opposite the doorway featured molds of all kinds and sizes, from simple to highly complex. The smell in this place reminded Dastou of unscented candles, and he figured this room was a place for producing objects made of wax. The plates and stamps were for standardized patterns.
The Saint walked over to the display cabinet. Each city-state in the world had a specific crest, usually used on administrative paperwork, flags, and the like. Established families also had crests, whether they were city-folk or isolationists. The stamps in this cabinet, every one of them, featured a crest that he recognized. That seemed impossible to Dastou; this place, at his best guess, was older than written history, at least six-hundred years. Yet at least two of the city-state insignia that he was looking at were for places that were built in the last century, and whose crests were thought to be newly designed at the time. Were those symbols stolen from here? Why would someone come all the way down here, a secret area that not a single letter of history has documented, just to steal a pattern? Something told Dastou that Vaiss was not just here for the fruitful plagiarism.
With no pack, Dastou decided that taking too much from this Wax Room, as he dubbed it, wouldn’t really work. Just as he was deciding which of the stamp crests to stuff into his inside jacket pocket he heard a pack of animals howling somewhere nearby. With the hallways being made of stone and more or less barren, it was difficult to calculate how far those animals were thanks to echoes and reverberation. The Saint reckoned that tomb robbing could wait and started for the door. He was still near the middle of the room when it slammed shut with a thud in front of his eyes, and he halted his progress. And then another set of eerie howls broke the air, going on and on, back and forth, for long enough to figure out that there were five of those whatever-they-weres out there.
Dastou took note of half-hidden mechanisms in the walls next to the hinges – which he would have seen if he bothered to look behind him when he got in the room. That explained  the speed and force of the door closing, and he didn’t bother going over to pull it open: he knew he was trapped.
“You really are easily distracted, Cosamian,” said Citizen Vaiss’s combination accent from beyond the door with unhidden delight.
“Comes with the territory of being too smart for your own good,” Dastou replied. “I noticed your Stitch work, or whatever you happen to call it, on those people. It’s impressive.”
“Of course it is. Your own skills at that are shadows of my own, mediocre forgeries at best.”
Dastou rolled his eyes at Vaiss’s level of self-indulgence at his own skill, then started looking around, trying to see if there was some other way out or a switch for the door-locking mechanism. Though if there was, and Vaiss trapped him here on purpose, it would not be in working order. In that case, scrap that, no simple button press or lever pull to get out. Think harder.
“Feel free to explain exactly what that means, Vaiss. I’m perfectly willing to stand around while you yammer.”
“I’m sure you are, but I fear you will not have time,” said Vaiss.
Dastou stared at a fat dark-green ceramic pipe that ran along the ceiling, thinking about whether the water running through it – he could hear it rumble – could be emptied enough for him to crawl through, or if it would keep flowing heavily no matter what. Even if he could get out, it would be a tight fit. Plus, without knowing for sure if he could break out into another room in this facility escape would be too risky. Again: think harder. Just before he looked away from the pipe to come up with another way out, the water rumble doubled in volume, the dark-green pipe vibrated against the strong metal supports keeping it in place, and a hairline crack formed in it near the center. Water dripped out.
“Oh... dear.” Dastou said, the trickle of water reaching the ground as if the pipe was casually relieving itself.
“No, that is not quite the reaction I wanted, Mr. Saint.”
The rumble got a little louder again, the pipe visibly buckled, and the crack opened a tiny bit wider. Water was streaming out at the pace of a fully turned bathroom faucet. Dastou looked over at the door, specifically the bottom of it, and thankfully saw a gap. A little bit of the water hitting the floor slithered to the door and went below the gap, taking dust and dirt along with it. The water flowing into the room from the crack in the pipe was not enough to overwhelm that gap and fill the room for now, so there was time to think.
Sadly, his hopes for an easy way out were dashed when a metal gate dropped from the doorway’s top jamb. It hit the stone floor with a clang that echoed throughout the Wax Room and shook everything including the Saint. Loosed dust created a gross half-fog as it settled, and there was no way for the incoming water to leave now.
“Aw, damnit,” said the Saint before coughing a couple of times from the dust in the air.
“Better.”
What was happening must be part of some kind of fire suppression system. Working with ovens, paper, and fabric like this wax operation must have done, they’d need an extremely efficient way to stop fire from spreading out of this place. Dastou could easily imagine a blaze raging its way into other work spaces or even the living quarters if left unchecked. However, that did not explain why the ceramic pipe was starting to burst.
There was a spigot on the pipe, near the ovens, a single large turn wheel above it. He went to it and had to climb on top of a work bench to reach. With a hand on the single large wheel, Dastou pulled to turn it and realized it was rusted stuck.
“I am, at this very moment,” Vaiss said smugly, “in front of the hidden switch that will turn off what you will have figured out is a fire suppression system. I want your access codes to the Caravan’s primary locks and computerized archives. Give them to me and I will turn off the system, and let you go once they are tested and proven real.”
“Um... You’re not very good at this,” Dastou said as he jogged to a knee-high chest next to the display wall. The big trunk was in a good place for supplies to be kept, and it was the only such storage chest in the room, so it was as good a place as any to find something useful. “I give you those codes, you leave me to die. I don’t, you leave me to die. If I do nothing but stall, I’ll drown sooner or later in here. All three options assure my death, and one of them gives you access to my headquarters along with leaving me dead. I may as well figure my own way out and not say a word.” He pulled open the chest lid with some effort and thankfully avoided grunting aloud.
“Are you so sure that you’re willing to die here?” asked Citizen Vaiss. “Those animals you heard are not here by coincidence. They are mine, and they are hunting your three allies.”
Three? Saan-Hu must have come along. She wouldn’t just send one of her subordinates on the research team, that’s for sure. A mistake and entirely against protocol, yes, but she’s never been the sit-and-wait type. Dastou refocused on the chest, which featured a variety of metal tools organized by size and function. None were rusty, which meant the materials they were made of were proofed against such a thing; too bad the spigot’s turn wheel was overlooked in that regard.
“I will not just let you go,” Vaiss continued, “I will allow them to leave as well. Give me access, Cosamian Dastou.”
Despite Citizen Vaiss’s attempt at scaring Dastou into cooperation, he accidentally revealed that not only did Nes and Trenna survive, but Saan was with them, which boosted that group’s overall survivability. Vaiss did not appear to be a fool, the opposite in fact, but was he so eager to destroy what information the DSF has collected on the Social Cypher that he would unintentionally reveal that his enemy has allies on their way in a rescue attempt? That said a lot about the man’s desperation, if not his end goal.
“I say you set them free first,” said Dastou as he took a metal bar as long as his forearm and thick as his thumb from the supply chest. Notches on the outside that matched small hooks on an empty barrel next to the chest revealed the metal bar to be a holding or carrying tool, meaning it would be sturdy. The Saint finished what he was saying without missing a beat. “Once you can prove that my people are safe, I’ll cooperate.”
“I suppose that I prove your people are safe by bringing them to you so that you can hear them state that they are well, that they are free. Is that correct?”
Dastou took his metal bar and looked at the spigot. Opening it would flood the place faster for now, but if he didn’t, the water pressure might make the water pipe burst entirely, which would be far worse. He continued the conversation on his way to the tap. “That seems like the fairest way to do this if you want my access codes.”
“And when your people are here,” said Vaiss, “how long before they shoot me to death on your order?”
The Saint climbed onto the workbench below the spigot, slipped the pipe into a spoke on the turn wheel, and applied some force to loosen it. During all this he spoke to Vaiss, keeping his voice evened out so his exertion wouldn’t show. “If I give them the order they’ll do it immediately. I mean, really, all I have to do is raise an eyebrow wrong or tilt my head in your direction and you are, as I said earlier, a Dead Man.”
“I see,” replied Citizen Vaiss. “Those terms are, as you may guess, unacceptable to me. Not because I fear your agents, but because I have another method to retrieve the codes. Having you tell me would have been not much fun compared to how I can get them now that you refuse.”
A click could be heard over the lightly spewing water, and the walls rumbled. No, everything rumbled, exactly like the two tremors he’d felt so far, first at the Stone-State embassy and second while exploring the monastery. Immediately after the shake-up, the water’s separate rumbling within the pipe grew yet again. The spigot’s wheel was very stuck in place, so Dastou took the metal bar and jumped down off the table. He looked around the room, trying to figure out what to do, when he heard Vaiss’s voice again. 
The oddness of that voice had increased a hundred-fold, and the few words or phrases that reached Dastou drove his entire being into some strange frenzy despite not understanding any of it. He was dizzy, lightheaded. His stomach felt like it was tying itself into knots, taking his torso along for the ride. Searing fireplace pokers were coming through his eyes from the inside out, and the Saint felt his jaw tighten, his neck tense around all this pain. Somewhere deep inside he noticed that he didn’t bite off his tongue and was glad for that at least.
Dastou collapsed onto his knees, fell on his side, and had a hard time breathing. For some reason he spoke, the words not coming out voluntarily. Whatever he said he said it quickly, almost panicked, all the while paying more attention to his entire body feeling like it was burning and freezing in different parts. He finished talking, and most of the pain went away so abruptly that the act of being freed from it almost made him scream in surprise. Dastou very nearly blacked out when he heard Citizen Vaiss’s “normal” voice again.
“Thank you, Cosamian. I appreciate your assistance. When Keymeign and Gosch found this place I was forced to make them forget. You, however, will die here, the same as Havraz.”
Dastou writhed on the floor, the world going dark red around the edges. He heard small splashes as his body shook violently. He was taking fast, shallow breaths, which was the best he could do. The Saint’s perception was so torn apart that he thought the floor his face touched was a wall, and wondered for just a moment why he could float since his feet weren’t touching solid ground. Sheer will was the only thing that kept him conscious, something telling him that if he blacked out he wouldn’t wake up. He pushed himself, slowly and shaking, to his knees, looked at the door, and wondered why it was made of steel. Wasn’t it made of wood when he walked in?
As he stared at the steel gate blocking his only way out, he started feeling a million times better, thank the void. Some of the pain was still there, but Dastou noticed that his body was finally still, or at least no longer convulsing violently. He was wet and filthy, but did not care at all. He wrapped his arms around himself as if he feared his guts would fall out otherwise.
The water pipe behind Dastou ruptured violently, the spigot, wheel, and a chunk of the ceramic around it blown off to hit the far wall. An oil lamp was smashed at the same time as the spigot and ceramic, having been taken for a ride by the latter debris. The intense crash was like a punch in the ear, in the sealed room, enough to get the Saint to concentrate a little bit better. Dastou’s breathing was still irregular, spastic. His mind raced now that his body was calm but filled by adrenaline and panic. 
Vaiss mentioned Keymeign and her husband, hadn’t he? That he made them forget about this place. Those two Saints explored this area two-and-a-half centuries ago, so there’s no chance they all met... right? And then there was Saint Ghisam Havraz, one of the last elders; he supposedly died at the age of fifty-two from an aneurism. Come to think of it, Havraz had left Stone-State just hours before his death. The possibility of Citizen Vaiss not only being centuries old, but having murdered a Saint fairly recently was almost too much to handle, and something about immediate danger clawed at Dastou’s brain, forcing him back to the present, to his current crisis.
His mouth was too warm, and Dastou realized that he had bitten the side of his tongue, just enough to make it bleed lightly – so much for thinking he avoided that. He spat instinctively, watched the color red spreading quickly in all directions, confused like he was with the used-to-be-wood-but-now-was-steel door.
The water. The pipe.
Dastou blinked a few times and snapped out of his crippled state only to realize what he had just been a victim of: a vocalized Stitch. Instead of writing down symbols like Saints did or those neat little tattoos, Vaiss was capable of speaking in order to hypnotize someone instantly. In fact, it even caused a Kaialus seizure, the physical attack a Saint suffers when they draw too much information from the Null Bank, inundating their brains with too much data. Dastou never had a full blown one himself, barely coming close. Some years ago he saw his mentor, Lonoj Ornadais, in that state. The old man didn’t talk much about it afterwards – how could he, since he died from it – but the crippling nature of the attack has been documented often enough so that he was sure that it was a Kaialus seizure he went through.
Another important problem: what did he actually say during the fit? It must have been the Caravan’s access codes, but why did Vaiss even bother to ask for them if he could take them at will? Was there a chance Dastou could have resisted the Stitch and Vaiss reveal his power with no gains?
Forget it. Too many questions needed answers, and the water wasn’t going to stop flowing out of the broken pipe. Luckily he was only catatonic for maybe a minute, so he put himself back together. Dastou stood up, finally appreciating just how cold this water was; if he didn’t drown, hypothermia might kill him anyway.
A static hiss directly in one of his ears almost made him panic again, thinking he was about to have another seizure, but he took hold of himself; it was just the receiver from the throat mic package. He was being called. The ragged bunch under Vaiss’s control didn’t search him, so the tiny thing in his ear was still in place. The microphone patch and transceiver were in his inside jacket pocket, hidden away when he formulated the half-plan to get himself kidnapped. He stuck the patch near his jugular again, and moved the frequency knob of the transceiver until the static was gone.
“Answer me, you goddamn weirdo!”
Dastou sighed. “Hello, Nes. How are you? I’m currently on my way to drowning.”
“You’re going to drown!? Is that a joke?” asked Nes.
“No. Where are you?”
“In the sewing room of the monastery.”
“Ah, right, that’s what this type of place is called.”
Dastou mentally marked a low spot on the wall to help him calculate the height of the water coming from the pipe.
“What’s in the room you’re in?” asked Nes.
Barely audible in the background, Saan said “Trenna turn around, I need the map.”
“Supplies for making wax items. Crest seals and candles, things like that.”
“Dastou.” Saan again, apparently now remembering to turn on her own mic. “You’re in the room across the hall from us, very close in fact. Can you come to us?”
“No, I’m sealed in. Vaiss closed a metal gate that’s part of some fire suppression system.”
“A gate?” said Saan. “That’s what one of those loud clangs was, I suppose.”
“I’m sorry, did you say ‘Vaiss?’ Is that a person?” wondered Nes.
 “Yeah. Someone calling himself Citizen Vaiss was behind the ambush and the embassy attack.”
The mark Dastou studied was submerged. A quick calculation and he figured he had probably ten minutes to escape this room before he would have to give himself the nickname Dead Man Number Two, posthumously. The Saint looked around the room some more, thinking of a way out. One of many benefits to having a brain like his is a second-to-none multitasking ability when he wanted it. His agents would be the same way from their training, so he was not afraid of taking a little time to share information.
“Oh!” Nes exclaimed. “That’s the Citizen we heard of. Yeah, he convinced Trenna’s people to work for him.” He sounded like he was moving around.
“Not convinced; hypnotized,” Dastou explained. “They are all under a very powerful form of Stitch. That’ll have to be discussed later since I barely understand it myself. What are you all doing, can you get to me instead?” said Dastou.
“Us? We’re about to be eaten,” said Nes.
“Right, those animals I heard. Vaiss mentioned something along the lines of having sent them after you.”
“For fuck’s sake,” said Nes, as charming as ever. “So these things aren’t just hungry, they’ve been somehow ordered to come after us? This day gets better by the second.”
“No, I can’t,” said Saan, mic turned off again so she was almost inaudible, “it physically hurts to think it at all.” She turned the mic back on and spoke. “I’m sorry, sir, you will have to excuse us. We’re suddenly strapped for time. Saan out.”
“Yeah, yeah. Nes out.”
“Good luck, Mr. Dastou!” That was Trenna Geil, yelling to be heard out of the background. Dastou snorted in amusement and got back to trying to avoid a new nickname.
*****
Considering the few minutes after finally getting in contact with Dastou again and the desperate plan they had put together since, Saan was hoping Trenna’s “good luck” wish to the Saint had a fairly large diameter of effectiveness. Otherwise she was fairly sure she was about to be eaten.
The subtle hypnotic effect that had caused Saan-Hu’s group to meander and forget they were in a hurry also had an anti-violent component. When they tried to lift their guns to shoot the animals if and when they came to the forge, the agents’ hands shook, and they could barely touch their armaments. At first Saan thought their location would be a perfect place to hole up, with a display wall full of wickedly strong alloy blades for them to use once they ran out of bullets. Unfortunately, even looking at the swords, knives, and daggers with the intent of using them against their howling enemies sent painful spikes into their temples. It wasn’t as bad for Trenna, but any contemplation of Saan using herself as a shield while the girl fired from behind sent a warning chill down the staff sergeant’s back. With that in mind, they left the useless forge right after finally contacting Dastou, Nes cursing up a storm as they did.
The animals were as close as Saan feared, and the trio saw five of them further down the hall as they ran. They looked like very furry rams with short faces, the requisite thick curly horns, and dense, tan-brown fur on display. The local version of such an animal was called a fasshim, except these were big, each maybe one-third taller than the normal variety, their shoulder height matching Saan’s. Another difference between these and real fasshim or their ram cousins were serious, sharp, carnivore teeth and eyes closer to the front like a predator’s. All in all, those things looked tremendously dangerous, equally resilient, and fantastically out of place. They wouldn’t have had enough bullets to take them all down, or enough skill with bladed weaponry to stand up to the remainders, with or without the hidden Stitch making it impossible.
If they were truly sent by this Citizen Vaiss person, as Dastou mentioned, then it meant their sole purpose for being here was to attack. The creatures all walked extremely slowly, however, in no apparent hurry to tear into their next bipedal meals. It looked as if they wanted to, with their occasional nervous lip licking and nipping at or bumping their fellow hunters; something held them back.
Saan wondered if the same “safe here” suggestion was working on them, and it made some sense. Animals were sometimes susceptible to hypnotism, thought it had to be done differently, mostly with tricks of light and motion. If that was the case, it was relaxing them to the point of losing their natural instincts to render prey into bags of unmoving meat as quickly as possible, which was a positive development. Vaiss, whoever he was, may not have fully planned for the animals to be slowed. Saan and Nes couldn’t use their weapons, and the animals weren’t able to hunt them down immediately – a stalemate.
Luckily, it was only a partial deadlock since Saan, Nes, and Trenna had bigger brains. From the forge and with Nes verbally assaulting something or another about their situation, the trio had run to the sewing room they previously disregarded. They locked and barred the door with a metal pole as soon as they were inside, and had to find a way to stop or slow the fasshim without using actively violent action.
Thanks to another ceiling full of automatic oil lamps, the group got a good look at what was in the room. Of the eight full spools available in the sewing space, two were some random cotton-like material, three were a smoother, finer blend of fabrics, and the final three were the filament armor-like cloth the map was made of. After Saan-Hu conjured up an idea for a trap, everyone dropped their bags and temporarily worthless weapons, including the short-sword she stole, in a corner before following her instructions.
Nes and Trenna were on the task on moving the big spools of armor-cloth into position. They had used a couple more of the same metal pole that barred the door to make a ramp to slide the spools down, and already two of the three were in position in front of the only way in, the pair sweating heavily now from the effort. The last one was just now being pulled out of the built-in shelves of the brick wall. When it was on the floor, Nes and Trenna worked together to turn it toward the door. Grunting occasionally, they pushed it to meet the other two rolls. Now the huge spools, as wide as the door frame, were lined up one after the other, the row extending a third of the way into the room.
The whole time the others were working to get the spools in place, Saan was disassembling coils from one of the four looms opposite the spool wall, which were made of a strong and highly flexible metal alloy likely fabricated in the nearby forge. She had removed twenty of the coils, and was almost finished creating a wide spider web pattern with them.
Outside the door, the carnivorous fasshim grew restless at being denied entry. They scratched and chafed at the door, and... barked? Whatever the noise they were making was, it was deep, menacing, and made the creatures sound quite hungry. The Stitch may not be working on them too well, as their aggression upon reaching the barred door had grown steadily.
Saan started losing her grip while wrapping coils now, her hands clammy and sore. She’d had to work incredibly fast to get the metal web going, and was covered in sweat under her combat attire. It did not help one bit that she was nervous about any coming battle – her head stung lightly at the use of that word, but she ignored it that time – against creatures that she knew nothing about and could not fight directly. She was always prepared, that was one of her best qualities. It’s why she ranked up several levels higher than anyone her age; it’s why Dastou chose her to be his direct subordinate in regards to personnel. She was using a standard issue multitool to bend coil sections together and just then realized someone was talking to her.
“You listening?” It was Nes, and she looked in his direction. “We’re ready, and those antelope-bear fellas sound like they are, too.”
“They are fasshim, I think,” corrected Saan.
“How do you know they’re ‘fellas’?” asked Trenna, wiping her sweaty brow with a forearm.
“Wild guess based on their horns,” responded Nes. “But I bet those creepy teeth are shared by both sexes.”
Saan looked at the others’ handiwork. Atop the spools, a big square net of the filament-like string had been spread out, knotted intermittently to keep its shape. Saan nodded in approval and put her tool away in a pants pocket.
“Good,” she said, “that will do. Help me wrap it onto this.”
The animal noises grew stronger, louder, and it was clear the Stitch was no longer working on them at all; they chuffed at the wooden door desperately. Saan grabbed one side of her two-meter diameter circle of coils and gestured for Nes to take the other. They carried it to the spools and laid it down on top of the middle one, the coil web above the filament thread web.
“I sincerely hope this works,” Saan said. “The irony would be too great for a vegetarian to be eaten by carnivorous herbivores.”
Nes quirked up an eyebrow as he started wrapping thread onto metal. “Wait, is that irony? I get that confused with bad, inappropriately timed jokes.”
“Hmph.”
“Uh, yeah, I think that’s irony,” replied Trenna, helping to complete the web as well. “I don’t have much of a formal education, though, so I’m probably wrong.”
“Well, if we live through this, we can ask Dastou,” said Nes, “Correcting people is one of his two top-tier personal specialties in life.”
“What’s the other one?”
“Baking.”



Chapter 12: The Dangers of Unannounced Entry


The water in the Wax Room reached the middle of Dastou’s thighs as he was wrapping three of those forearm-length metal bars together. To keep them together, he was using some blue-colored, ridiculously strong adhesive tape he found. The fact that it was still usable was almost as impressive as how incredibly well it bonded the bars together. Dastou added a piece of rounded metal to one end of the bars, taped it on, and was satisfied with his new club.
He put the taped-together tool in an impromptu sheath that some would refer to as a “belt,” and took his knife out of the other side of that same magnificent holding device. Dastou slogged his way to the middle of the display wall and pushed the large case to the side, toppling it into the water with a clatter of porcelain and glass breaking or chipping. He stared at the wall, looking for the most rotted away seams in the stone brick construction. He found a spot that looked promisingly decrepit at about chest level and started to carve away.
Dastou used the knife to scrape away old mortar, working up a sweat and needing to switch hands every thirty seconds or so from fatigue. It was not a great tool for the job, but he had nothing better or more reliable on him or in the tool box. The water was rising just fast enough for him to notice it, and it was a little creepy to be perfectly honest; like liquid hands moving up his legs, chilling him to the bone on the way up. As he carved, he thought about the complexity of the fire suppression system that Citizen Vaiss activated. It was very Saint-like in its use of the surroundings, including whatever underground river supplied the water and the depth of this place for pressure. The system also hid things in plain sight, a tendency he shared with many of his kind when they were still alive. Dastou tried to make some kind of connection as he removed grout, figure out if this place was the secret sanctuary of one Saint or another, maybe something more peculiar. Unfortunately, the age of this place would mean that it would have to have been someone who had the same abilities and habits as one of his kind before the first one was even born. Or at least, before the first one was reported to have been born.
The water reached three-quarters of the way up his thigh when the mortar around two bricks had been worked down a couple dozen millimeters. Dastou’s forearms and wrists were burning from how fast he got that much removed. The water was still quite a bit away from reaching the ceiling, but the next phase of his plan would change that dramatically.
The Saint put the knife away, grabbed the club, and looked at the hole in the ceramic pipe. He sighed, shook his head, and wondered for the millionth time if he was a sane person, then started swimming to the other side of the room to reach the opening.
*****
Boom. 
Boom.
Boom.
The fasshim had started banging against the barred door, the wood splintering loudly as it gave way more with each hit. The Stitch must have reached its limit, and the creatures’ ferocity, and possibly hunger, was no longer being contained. They heard the antelope-bears – Saan could not believe she was occasionally using Nesembraci’s absurd nickname for those animals in her own mind – growing louder and fiercer outside. The air started to fill with shook-off dust and dirt falling from the high ceiling thanks to the consistent pounding against the door. Saan did her best to remember that she was no longer regularly asthmatic, but the urge to start taking tiny, panicked breaths kept coming back.
The trio had wrapped the strings of the filament armor-like fabric all over the loom-coil web Saan put together, then began to place it in front of the only way in, between the first and second spools so it stayed in place. She was actually standing on that second spool, keeping her balance as she held the web up straight so the others could tie long strands from it to tool hooks on either side of the door. When the securing lines were finally taut, a series of howls so loud they vibrated the floor gave Saan goose bumps again. They were out of time.
The next massive, thumping attack on the door split it open in the middle, the sound of splitting wood and groaning metal filling Saan’s ears at the same time she had to turn her face as splinters flew fast right at her. The string-filled web in front of her caught a lot of it, but several fragments got through. Most hit her light combat armor, which covered everything except her face and hands, though a single long splinter glanced off her cheek. Thanks to adrenaline Saan barely felt pain from whatever gash the splinter made, but sensed warm blood running down the side of her face.
The metal bar securing the door was bent in place and marginally loosened from the rungs that held it now.
“Saan!” exclaimed Nes. 
“Just get back!” Saan-Hu demanded.
As soon as she gave her order, another massive strike hit the door, splitting it down the middle and hurling the metal bar into the room with dangerous speed. The bar flew to the side near Nes and he ducked in time to avoid it. Saan lost her balance and fell to the left of the spool she was already precariously balanced on, landing on her rear close to Trenna. While she tried to ignore the new, more-intense-than-a-splinter pain, she was also looking at the just as new palm-wide split in the entryway, and saw one of the fasshim moving back to strike again. It lowered its head so those powerful horns could do their work, huffed twice, then lunged forward, stomping heavily on the stone floor. It struck the door with enough force that Saan couldn’t help but think of the damage it would cause to be similarly hit, the thunderously loud bash ringing in her ears and making the crack wider. When Saan stood up with Trenna’s help, she saw that more of the animals were visible now. Seeing their next meal this close riled them all up, and three of them started ramming the door as often as they could, taking turns. 
The cacophony was immense; an irregular drum beat combined with breaking wood, hoof stomps, and the occasional angry animal huff.
Saan ran toward the wall opposite the door, the others behind her. A final hard slam against the entrance made her and Trenna stumble, but they both got back up immediately. When Saan looked back the door was off two of its three hinges, and the fasshim were fighting each other to be the first inside. They growled, pushed, and butted for a couple of seconds, and finally one of them was able to get a hoof onto the first spool. The creature slipped, unable to climb the rounded object. Angry, it tried again, jumping for a better angle. That turned out to be a huge mistake, as it slipped once more, and this time the momentum it created by jumping worked against it. When its hoof – why did a seemingly predatory animal have hooves rather than paws? –  skidded off the spool and hit the ground at an awkward angle, the weight of the creature landing atop its own leg made a femur snap like a twig. Saan winced at the same time Trenna gasped and Nes made a grossed out exhalation. 
The injured creature mewled loudly, its pain evident and heart wrenching despite the fact that it was trying to kill them. The other animals did not care at all. Instead, they used the broken-legged fasshim’s corpse to try and climb up onto the spool, clumsily clambering onto fur and muscle. It worked. One of them finally got inside, but it had nowhere else to go, the coil web directly in its path and very little space for the big thing to sidle around it due to the trap being placed barely past the entrance to the room. Saan figured the animals would try brute force when caught, and she was right. The one that was trapped tried to push past the coil and filament thread, which was placed close enough to the door that the creature could not go around. Yet again, hooves were too clumsy on the rounded spool, and it slipped like the one that tried to enter first.
As this second fasshim fell forward, its horns snagged on the coil web, and the surprised animal could not compensate. The web trap sagged down, but just barely, staying up thanks to the lines of thread knotted tightly onto the tool hooks by the entry path. The ensnared animal mewled in annoyance and frustration, trying to right itself desperately but only throwing itself more off balance. After a third time of trying to regain its balance, its hind legs skidded out from under it. Its head was twisted in what would be a painful position and held in place by the horns tangled in the coil web, its forelegs were in mid-air, twitching and bucking pointlessly, and its hind legs could not get any sort of purchase.
A third fasshim got inside, using the broken-legged one, which had stopped whimpering and was either dead or unconscious, as a stepping stone, and the wrapped-up one like a crutch to keep from slipping – these things were brutal to each other. The one with its horns trapped in the web continued its pained wailing, not moving much at all anymore, and the third stood very still, not making the former’s fatal mistake of trying to go too far on the rounded tops of the spools. Despite the dire circumstances of having these enemies so close and no real way out, Saan couldn’t help but think that for such robust-looking animals, they seemed fragile.
Limited space had the third fasshim hemmed in. If it tried to go left or right, there was not enough space to hop down into the sewing room proper without tripping and maybe injuring itself. Forward was the coil web, still useful despite one of those animals being caught in it. So, it simply growled in anger. The remaining two behind it in the hallway did the same, occasionally adding in some shuffling. Then, they stopped making noise altogether, and just looked around.
“What... what are they doing?” asked Trenna nervously. “Why are they being quiet?”
“I do not understand, either,” Saan said, getting more creeped out by the second.
The unhurt fasshim on the spool looked like it was actually examining the room, calmly, specifically taking in the coil web where its comrade was trapped. It then turned its head and yelped a few times at the ones that waited patiently outside. Those two looked at each other, then, together, began to push at the first spool with their horned heads. If they were trying to push them in to make space to walk, it wouldn’t work; those spools were very heavy and their positions worked to make them impossible to move at the same time. They’d make some space, but not enough for any one of the big creatures to safely get on solid ground in the room.
The fasshim that yelped at the ones outside, occasionally swerving to stay balanced, looked at the places where Nes and Trenna tied the strings to tool hooks. The pushing from the outside was making the sturdy thread extremely taut, but the material was ridiculously strong, a similar material able to be made into bullet-resistant armor for the Davranis Security Force. The stuff was like steel wrapped in the same way nylon would be. The active fasshim on top of the spool huffed twice, which sounded like it somehow laughed at Saan’s thoughts of how strong the fabric was, before stepping to the side very slowly, near the strings, making sure to keep its balance. He huffed again, and started to bite at one side of the taut string.
“Fuck me,” exclaimed Nes.
“No, it will probably just eat you,” said Saan.
She regretted responding to Nes when she saw a piece of the taut, wrapped string being chewed on snap away. It wouldn’t take long for that side to completely break away, and no one could do anything except watch it happen.
*****
Dastou stood on a work table, striking the ceramic pipe near the spigot-hole with his taped-together club. Each hit opened the hole in the ceramic pipe a tiny bit more, and dark green chips from it floated on the water, which was now halfway up the walls – and technically at about the same height as his eyeballs if he stood in it. His forearms were starting to feel rubbery, and there was also a ringing in his ears from the constant high-pitched clang clang clang of his own smashing
That ringing didn’t stop the Saint from hearing those animals in a connected hallway growling louder and louder, followed by banging sounds and the sharp, distinct cracking of splintering wood. Those things were trying to break down a door. Dastou needed out of the Wax Room as soon as possible. He looked at the spot where he removed the mortar around the bricks, and the water was maybe eight inches above it. Not good enough. He forgot his fatigue and increased his speed with the club, hitting the pipe and opening the hole faster and faster.
In a couple of minutes he had opened up the hole by about another third, the pipe starting to vibrate. The shaking got worse as the Saint paid attention to it, and the whole pipe, apparently not fully attached to the wall anymore, buckled. Dastou decided that the room being halfway flooded would be, oh, perfectly fine for now, and turned to dive down. Before he could jump away, the pipe buckled again, groaned, and pretty much blew apart right behind him.
Dastou thankfully had his back turned when a wave of water and ceramic hit his back so hard it sent him flying halfway across the room. He hit the water awkwardly and sank, sharp pain from his neck to the small of his back disorienting him, making it hard to swim for a moment. As he sank limply, he saw the chunk of the pipe that hit him, a large piece, thankfully; anything smaller and it had a chance of breaking his spine from a more pointed impact. It took a couple of seconds for Dastou to get his head on straight again, and then he swam away from the gushing waters. The Saint surfaced and saw that the water was already three quarters of the way up the wall, a shocking difference from barely a minute ago. Maybe he should have thought of a better plan. He laughed out loud, and realized that the same thought probably occurred to Saints a lot in the past – they tended to do incredibly stupid things just because they also tended to survive. Dastou hoped his own wits were working at full capacity, took a deep breath, and sank back into the water.
The water was only a little cloudy from the dirt and dust it was removing from the Wax Room’s ancient walls and furniture, and Dastou had no trouble seeing the bricks he worked on earlier. He went to them, angled himself to be more horizontal then vertical, and thrust his heel at that section of the wall as hard as he could. The impact was as hard as he could manage underwater, better than the club would have done, and made his foot sting. The impact and motion had pushed him away, so he swam into position, kicked again, and was moved back again. Dastou felt one of the stone blocks wobble, and swam into place for a third strike. The Saint gave the blocks a taste of his boot again, accidentally letting out most of the remaining air in his lungs when he made contact. The kick landed true, a brick forced loose into the next room over. Water rushed into the newly made hole, creating a vortex that made it slightly harder for Dastou to swim up for air.
Dastou surfaced with now barely a meter of space left between his bald head and the tall ceiling. That meant this breath would be the last he could take – if he failed, he’d die. He actually smiled at the thought. This was the first time in his life he felt challenged outside of the beginning of his tutelage as a Saint, and that was safe in hindsight. He would not die here, he decided. His primary mentor, the one that found him on the street as a boy and recruited him, the one the Academy was named after, would be far too disappointed in him from beyond the grave. Not to mention Citizen Vaiss would win, his friends would die, and the DSF would collapse. So many happy thoughts, all in a row.
He started taking deep breaths again and again. He was trained to be able to withstand holding his breath for up to fifteen minutes during heavy physical activity, but only with a lot of preparation and meditation beforehand. These deep breaths would have to do for now, and he figured he maybe had five minutes to escape. More happy thoughts, and he dove back down on one final deep inhale.
The vortex helped Dastou reach a good position against the wall with little effort. He took the club out of its spot on his belt and pushed it halfway through the hole. Now he needed to put on enough pressure to break off the next brick over in the line, the one with some of the mortar already gone. Leaning against the wall, he pushed as much as he could, working to keep the grip on the club. The ancient construction was still strong, sure, but not against a combination of water pressure and leverage.
The brick got loose, but it did not break away completely. It was too slack in its place to apply the necessary pressure with the club now, so he swam away from the wall a bit. After taking a similar position to the one he used to kick the first block out, he started kicking the newly wobbly one. With the vortex of water running into the next room helping to keep Dastou from pushing himself back from the movement, he kept his place better, and it only took two kicks to break it off. The sudden but minor increase in water pressure going into the hole turned and pulled Dastou, and he dropped the club while flailing to not go headfirst into the wall. In the worst bit of luck he could possibly have, the tool was sucked cleanly through the two-brick-wide hole. Dastou cursed in his head and allowed the pressure to pull him in, against the wall. He could no longer kick since he couldn’t maintain his balance underwater against the flow, so he’d have to use something else. This was going to hurt.
He mentally prepped, then started ramming his elbow against another brick around the hole. Almost ten agonizing hits later, that block was broken off, and the vortex pressure increased yet again. Dastou switched elbows and targeted another brick. More pain, more strikes, and a fourth brick gone. It’s working, he thought, it’s actually working. He switched sides again, got his still-stinging first elbow ready to go, and started up the brute force assault on stone again. After a handful of strikes, he let loose not one, but two bricks. That was a total of six blocks gone. Not even enough space for a child to slip through.
With his lungs starting to burn mildly, Dastou switched sides again, getting ready for another round with the wall, but he felt it vibrate under his touch. Was it starting to collapse completely? Before he could bother to think about a possible answer to that query, the shudders got worse. And worse. The brick hole must have been big enough to let just the right amount of water through so that air could re-enter the Wax Room from the vents on the ceiling. The vacuum caused by the lack of air was gone, and the pressure against the wall increased exponentially. Dastou imagined his ghost haunting a basic physics course, scaring the students into a better education between violent bouts of invisibly chucking text books at their heads.
As he tried to decide what was the best, most survivable position to be in, the wall started to sag toward the next room over, the harsh sound of stone rubbing against itself loud and hollow in the water. The new pressure pinned the Saint against the drooping barrier near the hole he had been expanding. He tried to push away and could not thanks to his elbows being in so much pain. All he could do is feel the wall as it vibrated, as it sag towards the next room, the scary creaking louder and louder.
He felt something slam against his whole body, and Dastou realized it was a penultimate increase in pressure as the wall gave in completely. He watched it happen in a pattern of brain activity he nicknamed going “fully-Saint,” in which his mental capacity was increased to the point of the world seeming to move in a special kind of slow-motion. The wall was pushed out damn near half-a-meter, then burst at the hole like a balloon. Since he was close to the breaking point, he got flung at high speed out of the Wax Room, bricks or sets of bricks going with him.
Only the void knew how much water pressure followed right behind Dastou and got ready to slam his oh-so-fragile cranium against something that would crack it open. He was airborne now, flying across the next room over surrounded by cast off masonry, and there was nothing he could do at this point – he’d have to ride out the wave. And what was this room anyway? There were cutting utensils everywhere, big ones with wicked edges. Ah, manual circular saws and tables with attacked vice grips: a wood shop. Directly in the Saint’s path and on the ground was a quarter-circle safety hood that flipped over on a swivel to become a half-circle. The hood had a big, glass viewing window so anyone cutting something on the saw below it cut see everything and be completely safe. The table that the hood was once attached to was right next to it, and Dastou thanked whoever happened to leave the protective shield lazily on the floor so long ago. He also realized he was halfway across the woodcutter room and about to land.
Pain was not fun. Maybe for other people, in limited amounts, or during… intimate encounters. Dastou was not one of those people. He was smashed into the stone floor at high speed and landed with his left thigh and upper arm on top of bricks thrown from the wall. He did not have time to register how much it truly hurt since the flood was coming after him, along with the rest of the destroyed barrier. The front of the wave, which got him here to begin with, pushed him toward the far corner of this large space, close to the safety hood. The Saint awkwardly halfway upright, jumped over the hood using one foot, and landed on his side past it. He grabbed the metallic hood’s handle, flipping it over himself at the same time that he took another deep breath. He had to squeeze himself to be completely covered by the half-circle shielding hood, and he was, not for the first time, glad that his former vice was alcohol and not food – chubbiness would not serve him here.
Almost as soon as Dastou compressed his svelte self to be covered up, the big wave of water from the other room slammed against his protection. The sounds of stone against metal were nice and loud, bricks hitting the outside of the hood. Stone against stone matched it, with bricks crashing against the wall behind the Saint and the floor, and water splashing and rumbling all around. A couple of the stone blocks hit the glass shield of the protective half-circle, too, cracking it but not breaking it, and then Dastou felt himself becoming submerged almost immediately, the massive amount of water from the Wax Room equalizing into this space. He was fully underwater in seconds, but this is what he expected, and it meant the worst possible impact was over. Chunks of the destroyed wall, small and large, sank to the floor all around him along with a few torn away lanterns from the Wax Room’s ceiling.
The hood was no longer use, so Dastou let it go. In only two strokes he surfaced, holding his to even out his breathing while looking around. The water was halfway up this room already, having been split between two spaces of equal size. It was rising fast, the rush of liquid coming out of the pipe a loud white noise. The doorway was to his right, underwater, and he hoped there was no metal gate blocking his escape. He swam in that direction, head above water, and stopped just before the indentation in the wall that marked the door. There was no metal gate dropped into place here, thank goodness, so he took a deep breath and dove.
It was the same type of door he’d seen on the room where he left Broken-Nose and his female companion, with just a lever handle to open it with. Dastou impatiently gripped the handle and pushed it down. The door was thrown open by water pressure before he could even let go of the lever, Dastou hurled out of the room at high speed to hit the hallway wall shoulder-first before falling to the floor in a heap. Smooth.



Chapter 13: Alive, In A Web


Dastou stood up, the water flowing out of the room nowhere near enough to keep him pinned. Behind him, the rumble of the water blasting through the busted pipe had ceased. It was replaced by the less violent splashing and gurgling of the already vented water as it spread outward from the Wax Room to the wood cutter room to the hallway. 
The way this place was designed, which was probably by someone as smart as any Saint has ever been, there would be a dam somewhere along the pipeline that led to whatever underground river fed the supply; it will have been blocked when the flow became too intense. Leaning against the wall and looking down at the water lapping at his ankles as it spread down both sides of the corridor, he remembered that was it was something like twelve hours ago that he took his dive off of Silverline Sharp. He was yet again sopping wet, freezing cold, but now had the added gifts of a substantial amount of pain from too many places to keep track of rather than just a severe headache.
In his mind, the Saint pictured the faces of his friends as they fought whatever those incredibly loud animals were, and he did his best to ignore throbbing aches. There was no door on the wall he was just thrown against, which he leaned on for support and the tiniest bit of rest. His back to the door he was thrown out of, he looked left and right. Left was the direction of the gridded space with the living quarters and ghostly library. To the right was the way he must have been dragged in through while pretending to be knocked out, a sharp left turn leading out at the end of this straight corridor. Saan had checked a map when they spoke briefly after Vaiss trapped him, revealing that her group was “across the hall.” Both left and right would guide him to the passageway, but right was closer, so that’s where he went.
The Saint jogged as fast as he could, boots splashing into water that was flowing steadily in the same direction he was headed. He hobbled a bit thanks to the injury on his thigh after landing on a brick, his aching shoulder and elbows not helping him move any faster either. Dastou got to the sharp corner and turned into it, finding a vestibule and two paths: the hallway leading to where Saan’s group would be and the way out of this monastery. A short two-level display that featured a cut out piece of fabric at the top met him in this open space. He checked the leftover fabric and surmised that whatever was here was very recently removed; it could be the map Trenna carried and Saan checked when last they spoke.
All that was left was to find his friends. Friends he led here with a blood trail. A pang of guilt hit him thanks to the knowledge that if he didn’t desperately want to satisfy his curiosity about this place, if he followed his own goddamn rules about exploring dangerous places without backup, they would be safe here. No, not safe here, safe elsewhere. Where did those words come from? It gave him a tingle to think about that, and Vaiss’s face flashed into his head.
A Stitch.
Was something else here creating some hypnotic suggestion? He stood straight up, took in his surroundings, and found it instantly. A combination of the diode lighting, some pattern to the masonry, and a barely-noticeable scent in the air, maybe a sedative, combined to create an extremely subtle hypnotic effect. His guilt grew stronger, realizing that even his own agents, as well-trained as Nes and Saan were, wouldn’t know the Stitch was here until long after the effect established itself. He had led them here, to a second ambush and trap. He felt like drinking for the first time in three years. For the first time since Lonoj Ornadais’s death.
He slumped a bit, the rigid posture he kept while scanning already taking its toll on his back and neck. By the black, he was exhausted. He was about to start limping his way into the other inward-leading corridor connected to this foyer space, but went nowhere when he heard footsteps were running toward him. His knife had not moved from his belt since it was used to remove mortar and he gripped it now, ready for another fight but not hoping for one, wanting no more delays in getting out of this place.
He stood perfectly still for a few seconds, hearing the footsteps and accompanying light splatter of water from what had already meandered down that hall ahead of him, and raised his knife in a standard close-quarters posture when a shadow was about to cross the threshold into the foyer. He was too overwrought, too angry, too hurt, and too worried to think about holding back against whoever came next. Dastou did his best to tone down an old, familiar heat – a stinging anger that left more than one room he was in in absolute shambles after a few minutes of alone time. It felt so good, though, this rage; it was control when there was nothing else he could control other than himself. It was a way to fight against everything around him when he didn’t know what he was fighting, when he could do nothing to for the memory of Paige…
When the person running towards to turn in the hall was about to reach him, Dastou tensed up, his grip on the knife handle so tight he could swear he heard his knuckles grinding. He moved his foot without thinking, ready to throw himself at whoever this was coming at him…
... and Trenna Geil screamed and damn near fell on her rear, slipping on the spreading water when she saw him like that after turning the corner.
“Oh, crap!” said Dastou as he put away the blade. “I’m so sorry, I thought you might be, well, someone else. Where...?”
“Sir...” she interrupted, out of breath. She looked like she ran here faster than she normally could have, her words coming between ragged breaths. “... Sir, please, I don’t know what to do. Someone... came... said something strange...”
Dastou half-panicked, but kept it internal. “Said something strange” could mean Citizen Vaiss paid the others a visit, and if he went into a Kaialus seizure after the strange man’s vocal Stitch, he couldn’t imagine what would happen to someone less capable of handling it.
Dastou kept a serious, controlled tone so as to help Trenna with her own panic. “Where? Show me.”
Trenna only pointed down the hall she came from and said “Sewing room.”
The Saint walked forward, turning down the hall in the direction the girl came from. The right side had a few smaller rooms and then a bigger one further down, but the first room on the left was where ne needed to go. One of the loud animals, which appeared to be some bizarre derivative of a fasshim, was dead on the ground in front of an open door in the middle of the hall. The dead animal had a broken leg and looked trampled. Dastou limped down the hall, Trenna following close behind him. Halfway to the animal corpse, he heard the distinctive sounds of hand-to-hand combat. The grunting voices belonged to Nes and Saan.
“What’s going on in there? Who are they fighting?” Dastou asked.
“Sir... they aren’t fighting anyone else. They’re just fighting. It happened after the man took the animals and my bag away, and before I heard all those bangs and stuff in the other hall.”
The bangs referred to the Wax Room wall shattering and the wave of brick-laced water hitting the wood shop’s walls and floor. Trenna’s explanation meant that Citizen Vaiss took his pets away – and whatever was in the bag Trenna said she had – maybe five minutes after leaving Dastou to die. These hallways were not overlong, and in a hurry it would take no time to round the halls to get here. Why did Vaiss wait so long? He seemed eager to get to the Caravan, and with those access codes at his disposal the more time the bastard had to himself in the mobile headquarters the better. Another oddity to Vaiss’s actions, but for now what mattered to Dastou was his comrades.
The Saint reached the fasshim corpse and therefore the door to the sewing room, then took a gander inside. There were three huge spools of thread laid out in front of the door, a barricade against the animals perhaps. Some sort of nearly-circular net of metal wiring and fabric was to the right of the spools, one of the two-horned creatures stuck in it, also dead. A trap, and probably Saan-Hu’s idea since Nes was more the hit-things-until-they-die type. Dastou couldn’t really be bothered to examine anything else about the room thanks to the fact that his two friends were apparently trying to kill each other.
Saan and Nes were aggressive, fuming, and holding nothing back. As the Saint watched, Saan was able to avoid a punch that had far too much behind it, then grabbed Nes and hip-tossed him to the ground hard. All the corporal did was grunt, spit, and try to shatter Saan’s wrist while still on the ground as she attempted to get into a choke hold position. Neither tactic worked, and the two broke apart, the corporal standing up and getting ready to go after his superior officer again, who herself was practically snarling.
“What in the pure black void is this?” asked Dastou, talking to Trenna since his friends were busy.
“I don’t know, sir. The man, when he came, he made the animals stop after the broke through and cornered us. He said some words, I didn’t understand them, but when he talked all of a sudden those two were frozen in place,” she said, lifting her chin to point out the brawling pair. “He didn’t bother me here since he said I wasn’t a threat, took my bag, and made the animals follow him out.”
“Is that when they started fighting, after he left?”
“Yes,” replied Trenna. “He said something else weird just before he left the room, then all of a sudden they went at each other like this. I got scared, so I took their weapons from where we put them down and threw them behind the big loom in the corner.” She pointed at where she hid the weaponry. “I heard the big bangs and thought it might be you escaping somehow, and ran away.”
It was a long explanation of what happened, and Dastou was thankful for it. Trenna had saved his friends’ lives by tossing the weapons out of easy reach, but the problem of how to break them free of this hypnotism remained. Could he just knock them out and carry them away? No, he was already very hurt, and Trenna wouldn’t have the strength to lug even Saan out and up the stairs. The two would have to be awake and alert for them to all leave together as soon as possible. Dastou did not know how he broke free of the vocal Stitch in the wax room, and assumed it was because of the way his mind worked and Vaiss not being there to reset it. If that was the case...
He could do something about this. His recent bit of guilt and anger would pale in comparison to what he’d feel if the results of his idea failed. No choice, though, not anymore.
“Trenna, I’m going to assume that you trust me. Is that right?” asked Dastou. He looked to the girl, who now stood at his side and could barely look at the forced in-fighting between Saan and Nes.
“Yes, sir. I do.”
“Good. Follow me.”
He climbed over the first spool and into the room, toward where Nes and Saan were fighting. Trenna followed. Dastou did not know her well, and did not know what she went through with the others to reach the monastery, but the only thing that would break this level of hypnotism was a deeply held instinct, and the Saint knew of only one that was just so ingrained into all of his agents. When they were near the ongoing hand-to-hand fight, the Saint stopped.
“Face me, please.”
The girl calmed herself and stepped in front of Dastou. She looked into his grey eyes, waited. The Saint observed the others behind Trenna, who were tiring out, then made eye contact with Trenna.
“You might be hurt,” said Dastou. “If you are, I’m so sorry, but you’ll be okay. Unfortunately I have to take a risk if we are to leave as soon as we can and try to keep the other agents in the Caravan safe.” Dastou switched his grip on the knife, and now held it by the blade, in a throwing position.
Trenna looked at the blade as she spoke. Her hands shook. “I understand, Mr. Dastou.”
“Close your eyes. And wish me luck.”
“You don’t need luck, sir.” Trenna smiled.
This is not what Dastou wanted out of her. He didn’t want some acolyte level worship of his skills to the point where she would sacrifice herself. He wanted her to hate him, to scream and protest. Or at least to be more nervous than just having a mild case of shakey hands. He was tired, his muscles more overworked and damaged than they’d been since the worst parts of his physical training when he was a teenager. Let this be over, the Saint thought, let this be over and let everyone live. He was asking these things of himself, willing his body to work to perfection just one more time today.
The girl shut her eyes, and Dastou got into a close-combat striking position with one leg forward and bent, the other back and straight. He waited a few seconds for the perfect timing, and when Nes pushed Saan away to create some space between the two, the Saint moved the unarmed hand back and almost instantly forward in a flat-palm strike against Trenna’s upper chest, just below her clavicle. He used his body to create more momentum by moving forward as he hit so he wouldn’t simply break her sternum, pushing as much as hitting her, and launched her backwards. She took to the air from the force of the attack, feet barely off the ground and helpless, eyes suddenly wide with a natural terror.
Trenna landed on her back between Nes and Saan, which was the timing and position Dastou wanted, but he was not done yet. Now came the truly dangerous part: the Saint threw the knife, aiming for the girl’s lower-left abdomen. The weapon was a blur, but so was Saan’s hand as she caught it deftly in mid-flight. Nes had jumped into a sacrificial position in the knife’s path to save the girl. The two DSF agents said nothing, stood almost perfectly still, and just blinked for a few seconds. Then they looked at each other, and must have remembered what they were up to before the knife throw.
“Oh, no. I... I didn’t know... I couldn’t stop,” Nes stammered at the same time Saan said “We almost killed each other. We almost killed each other.”
Saan’s usually controlled tone was filled with regret and concern, and she swore for the first time Dastou had heard in weeks. “By the void... how did that happen? Why did it happen?”
Dastou walked to the middle of the room, to his friends, and they both looked at him, afraid. Were they fearful of how they were controlled, or that they might let it happen again? It didn’t matter, they were free now and all of them could leave this place on their own two legs.
“Do you remember seeing him?” asked Dastou as he peeled open Saan’s stiff hand to take the knife away. “The older man with the voice?”
Blood covered the blade and the staff sergeant’s palm. A small cut on her cheek that would need mending had dripped blood down the side of her face and neck. The tie in her hair that made a pony tail had fallen halfway down, strands of loose blonde hair sticking to sweat on her face, making it look like she had just gotten out of bed after a night of nightmare tossing and turning.
“I remember someone, yeah,” replied Nes. “Some person, but then it’s all sound, noise. Fighting.”
Nes looked like absolute dog dung. Holes in his uniform from being shot at and hit, thankfully while wearing armor, a bruise on his face from something else, maybe given to him by Saan due to its freshness. The spots where he was shot would make for some impressive bruises.
“Was that the Citizen Vaiss you mentioned earlier?” asked Saan, who stared at the blood on her hand, confused. “The one that got us… going.”
 “Yeah, that was him,” said the Saint. “He did this same thing to me, with his voice, and I barely recovered after a Kaialus seizure. It was… unpleasant.” Nes winced and sucked air through his teeth at the same time Saan’s jaw half-dropped at the mention of the dangerous affliction. “I think I came back because of the deepest protective instinct I drill into all my agents, and one I hold deep within myself. Trenna was the key here.” He extended a hand to the girl to help her up. The other two were so abruptly taken out of a hypnotic suggestion they forgot the girl was even there, and she never bothered to stand back up, either.
“Me?” asked the girl, taking the offered hand and allowing herself to be pulled up.
“Because she’s a civvie,” Nes figured out.
“Yes,” Dastou said. “The most important part of DSF training is the need to protect civilians. It’s not just something you study; I manipulate it into everyone whether they like it or not over time. If it doesn’t take, I usually release the agent and make them a Brightseer again.”
“I see,” said Saan. “The attack against her was a switch you pulled, one meant to force our brains back to the way they were by compelling instinct to remove everything else.”
“Exactly. Looking back on it, I got out of my seizure with a flash of thought about the rest of the agents and the fact they’d be in danger from Vaiss.”
“So if the knife wasn’t stopped...?” asked Trenna after a moment of quiet.
“You would have been hurt pretty badly. And then I probably would have had to knock out Saan and Nes myself and wait for them to reawaken, hoping the vocal Stitch’s effects wore off soon. By then Vaiss would have everything he needed from the Caravan with my access codes.”
“With your what!?” exclaimed Saan-Hu in another uncharacteristic tone, this one pure surprise.
“I gave him the security codes when he gave me the seizure.”
“So” said Nes, “he just… kind of…”
“Stole my car.”



Part 3: Agents and Agency



Chapter 14: Escapees


Saan-Hu had stitched Dastou up once before, after a training accident eighteen months prior. He decided to have the minor procedure done in an operating theater, with students watching. First, the Saint had the theater prepped, making the necessary arrangements by cellular phone on his way into the Medical Plaza. Once that was done, he called for certain students to be removed from class as he bled down the south hall. He knew Saan, a private at the time, was not in another class for an hour, so his final call was to her, ordering her down to be his nurse. She was shocked by this, as her grades during that first year were abysmal.
Dastou took no anesthetic, and told Saan to work very slowly and allow him time to address the audience of confused students watching from the glass-encased balcony. When she began, so did his instructions, starting from the description of how she was cleaning the wound, checking for unseen injuries, and making sure there was no internal bleeding. This was a “tech blind” test for her, and she was allowed to use only what she would be carrying in a backpack on the field. While Saan progressed, Dastou also described the pain he was in, how his vision blurred at certain points, what he needed to do to help a medic get things done and not further injure himself. He even told a joke about using hypnotism on the patient if possible – a Stitch helping while getting stitches. Saan did not laugh.
None of the medical information was new to the students. They ranged from people at the end of their first years to the end of their second, trainees that would long ago have learned how to sew up a wound. Dastou never told her, but Saan figured out the two real reasons for the impromptu performance in the operating theater. Primarily it was to make sure Saan, someone who he later revealed he had an eye on for very early promotion and a place on his teaching staff, could perform under sudden pressure and scrutiny. She excelled, as expected by Dastou. It was also one of those events that solidified him not only as the Academy’s headmaster, but also their military commander and just a man, not a god. His blood, pain, and sweat revealed that he was vulnerable in the same ways as anyone else, yet his ability to speak clearly and teach while being put back together with no anesthetic showed that he was not be underestimated.
It was a brilliant bit of manipulation on his part and, also as expected, the students who watched the procedure talked about it to others, who further spread the strange incident around. It was all for the sake of lowering the expectations around him as any sort of savior – the students needed to know that all their training was necessary, that it would help them, their fellow classmates, and anyone else who needed them in the future. Advanced medical training volunteers nearly doubled the semester after Dastou’s little show; again, this was anticipated.
Something else that came of this, which Saan has yet to tell anyone other than Nes, was her rededication to her own future. Unable to return to her isolationist clan upon taking her uncle’s advice and going with Dastou to the Academy, she was abjectly miserable for months. Half her grades were fails, the other half going in that direction. Saan felt afloat, alone – until the afternoon in the operating theater. Once they were done, Saan had stayed seated on a stool near the instruments while everyone left and Dastou changed clothes. Somehow he already had another version of his standard leather jacket and another white shirt on, both clean and neat when he came into the theater space and spoke to her.
“You doing alright, Saan-Hu?” he had asked, using the formal version of her first name.
“Yes, sir. Did I perform as needed?”
“Heh, so proper. You did great. That much pressure at that unexpected an instance, most students would have shirked away. But you have had more medical training than almost anyone else in the school.”
“I see. Because I’m not from a city, I’m an isolationist. Was.”
“Were,” Dastou agreed. “You had to learn how to perform a suture when you were nine, I think – that’s the normal age, but I wouldn’t be surprised if you learned a year or two earlier. You’ve also got little to no fear of blood thanks to hunting. For almost everyone here it’s the opposite. Every instance they had to deal with that stuff, the Social Cypher took over, hypnotized them into performance, and let them go when the deed was done.”
“Is that why you called on me?”
“Partly. I needed someone who would do it right, sure, but I needed you specifically.”
“Why?” she asked plaintively.
“Because you’re pathetic right now,” Dastou said bluntly. “You’re grades are so awful I should kick out. Where would you be then, hm? You definitely can’t go back home, which I have to apologize for.”
“If I am so terrible, why not kick me out, why not let me out into the wind?” Saan didn’t want it to, but the question was stated with too much of the half-hidden lonely fury she’d kept in check thus far at the Academy.
The Saint smiled at her, and it melted her bitterness enough so she didn’t try and punch him then and there. “Because I don’t want to, and I’m in charge. I want you to do better, like you did today. Honestly, I don’t give a shit about whether you ever go back to your clan. You’re here now, and I need you. I don’t recruit those who I don’t see a future for; this Academy is too small for that. Your classes for the day are suspended, get some rest and calm your nerves.”
Dastou walked away, gingerly thanks to a fresh suture, left the theater, and left Saan to think. In the present, in the monastery, she realized for the first time that her uncle did the same thing – leaving her alone to think about a change in her state of mind – at the time in her life when she began to not think of the last Saint as an unclean monstrosity.
Students of a highly advanced, absurdly exclusive school once watched her put a needle and medical string into the Saint. Today it was Trenna Geil and Corporal Nesembraci Jaydef. The latter was fine with it, merely looking restless after the first minute, wanting to get out of this underground monastery. The former, though, a civilian, was pacing anxiously, hands clasped in prayer the whole time. Each footstep made a slurping noise thanks to the water that had spread out from wherever Dastou escaped from, which she had run in to go get the Saint while she fought Nes. 
Saan shook her head, trying not to think about being in a fight to the death with her best friend. She was also having trouble not thinking about the myriad possible terrible scenarios happening at the embassy.
Dastou had woken up a few seconds into getting sewn up. He blacked out right after telling them all that their mobile headquarters, the Caravan that was moored in the relatively new Stone-State Embassy, was likely stolen. She left five privates and one captain there thinking it was safe, but by now an enemy that nearly killed all of them will have reached it.
“As if you had a choice,” said Dastou, predicting his nurse-by-default’s thoughts. He lay on his right side, where Nes put him so Saan could work. She knew that her boss wouldn’t be able move his head all the way to meet her eyes since she was on her knees and focused on the stitches, so she was inwardly annoyed that he was able to guess what she was thinking without even seeing her whole face.
“Do not move, sir,” Saan warned when she felt him shift a little. “And Were you not the one who always taught us that there are choices aplenty, even against the Social Cypher?”
“That’s damn near our credo,” Nes piped in. “But black void did we ever fuck up.”
“What are you doing over there, Saan?” asked Dastou finally. “Can’t feel a thing right now and I’m having a little trouble not slurring my words, so I must be full of painkillers.”
“You have a gash in your side and I’m stitching it closed. I do not know how you failed to notice it.”
“I got slammed around a lot. There’s three or four times I could have gotten that cut and been too pumped full of adrenaline to pay attention to it.”
“Hmph.”
“To address my back-talking corporal,” said Dastou, “our credo doesn’t matter this time. We got tricked, all of us. Choice was taken away. Trap after trap. Like drugged rats in a maze, we kept stumbling into walls. Funny thing is we would have done not a thing differently if we knew a little more. I wouldn’t have, anyway.”
Trenna was no longer pacing as quickly, but still walked around behind Nes.
Nes thought for a moment, then snorted. “Nothing different for me either. Someone was coming for us, and something was gonna come to a head, despite, uh…”
“Not knowing what has come to a head?” Dastou finished.
“Basically. Plus, this Citizen Vess guy…”
“Vaiss,” Dastou corrected. Nes waved it away.
“Vaiss… can use hypnotism way, way better than you can.”
“Ass.”
Saan grunted when Dastou shifted slightly again. He lifted his fingers up ever so slightly in apology.
“But you see my point,” said Dastou. “Even if we dodged what we were being sent into, it would’ve hit us soon enough. Everything that led us here seems to have been a long-incoming set up.”
Trenna stopped near Nes and Saan glanced over in time to see her put her hands down at her sides. Saan could guess what made her slow down: the girl had shot one of her friends to death earlier and may have been thinking, this whole time, about whether she could have done something differently, maybe spared the man’s life.
“What about the ‘protect civvies’ suggestion in us agents?” asked Nes. “Shouldn’t that have stopped me from engaging in the hub, sent me back to the Caravan tail between my legs?”
“Leaving me kidnapped?” wondered the Saint.
Nes gave his best uncaring shrug and head tilt combination. Dastou chuckled.
“It’s not really ‘protect civvies’ if you want to be specific,” answered Dastou. “It’s ‘protect innocents from threat.’ Specifying a threat, and whether it’s credible, is the tough part. Ambushing us in the hub made them a threat, and Trenna was an innocent. Plus, I don’t force the suggestion on you, per say – anyone can be a messed up bastard and just decide they don’t care, or pull the trigger in a state of panic. But about eighty-eight percent of you all would choose to protect Trenna in that situation, thanks to training and the minor defensive suggestion.”
Saan added in her own numbers. “A small percentage might risk themselves as a distraction rather than fight against those odds, as well,” she said, “but that is mostly rookies, or those lacking in skill.”
“To finish up the basic math we’re working on here,” said Dastou, “I’ll add one more part to the equation: because everything culminating in the ambush and our trip underground started with us being in Stone-State to begin with, there’s one final piece of business we have to take care of before leaving the city.”
“Tryst,” Saan deduced quickly, speaking in a half-whisper, then peeked at Dastou’s face to see him nod. “I personally received and previewed Councilor Jandal Tryst’s invitation to the meeting that brought us here before sending it over. This started with that invitation.”
“Well, darn,” said Nes while scratching his temple. “So Tryst and Vaiss are working together?”
“Maybe the councilor was hypnotized?” wondered Trenna. “Like Dastou said my people all were.”
“Maybe, maybe not” asked Dastou.
Nes rolled his eyes. “Yeah, that guy just seems like a first class dick. He was probably just paid off. That would be easier than hypnotism, too – ‘strong suggestions can lead to behavioral anomalies’ according to the very basics of Stitch work.”
“Speaking of stitches, I am nearly done,” said Saan.
The room went quiet as Saan dabbed some numbing disinfectant on the wound after the two-inch-long suture was complete and put her needle and remaining opened medical thread into a red plastic hazardous waste tube. She held her hand out and Nes put a bandage into her palm from his own pack, which she told him to have ready. Saan removed wax from the adhesive strips, pressed the gauze-padded bandage down onto the wound, and pressed down again, following the edges of the small square dressing to make sure the adhesive stuck to the skin properly.
While Saan balled up the wax strips from the bandage and threw them aside, Dastou started to get up on his own. He winced, moved slowly, and then Nes took him by the elbow to help him to his feet.
The Saint seemed fine, though he spoke with a groan while being helped. “Thanks. Ass.”
“Giant. Whiny. Girl,” Nes responded.
Trenna shifted her eyes a couple of times between the two men, probably still reeling about how someone she worshipped – worships? – can allow himself to be treated like anyone else. She now knew some of why Dastou felt and acted more normal, even if he tends to be a tad… off at times.
Dastou stretched a little, yawned, and his stomach growled.
“Sir, did you eat anything in Davranis, when we went to pick up the students?” Saan asked.
“No, I was too busy putting the mission together.” Dastou patted his stomach as if to calm it down. “That and those preparing a couple of other necessary arrangements, all of which it looks like I’m going to need today.”
“’Arrangements?” wondered Nes with an eyebrow raised.
*****
It took longer than it felt like it should, but they got out of the monastery, the cathedral, maneuvered their way through the carved-out tunnels beyond, and reached the blood-stained-and-corpse-filled subway station above. As they passed the empty sleeping areas he was guided past earlier that day, Dastou thought once again about the missing people from Trenna’s camp. If Citizen Vaiss hypnotized them all except Trenna, whom he used for bait, then where were the rest?
On the way back, Dastou did some simple math. He killed three in the subway hub, and Nes and Trenna got eight more total. Brute and the three he incapacitated afterwards were an additional four. Trenna said there were thirty-one in her camp, and she didn’t count, so that made thirty. The ones they killed or left knocked out added up to fifteen, exactly half of what they should have faced. By the sweetly hugging void, what did Vaiss do with the other fifteen? The Saint guessed he’d run into at least a few of them soon enough.
They got back up to street level as dusk was starting to settle in. A light purple tint filled the sky, broken up by occasional appreciably fluffy but harmless clouds. The blast of orange on the western horizon was visible intermittently as they walked back to the embassy, showing up between buildings and in reflections. Stone-State was a very large area, mostly far above sea level in the more northern districts that are below the major part of the volcano. The capitol district, Loudani – where they were now – was near the southern border, where the land became flat again. Essentially, this bustling part of Stone-State was the base, which meant it was easy to spot the sun as it rose or set because of how flat the land was everywhere but north.
Dastou glanced upward, pretending to study the way the strong orange light hit window glass, and noticed two winks of bright light near a roof. It was as if a mirror was being held by someone, and that someone tilted it left and right a couple of times to reflect the sun in such a way as Dastou would see it.
The Saint looked back to ostensibly check on the three people following him, and Saan gave him an almost imperceptible nod. He also took note of the relief she tried to hide at noticing the signal.
When the foursome turned back onto the road leading to the embassy, they saw the Social Cypher working away. There was enough left to do, especially on the building with the blown out face, that there would be rotating crews of hypnotized civilians in this area for at least three more days. The controlled laborers’ eyes were sky-blue and featured the same odd flatness, the lack of striation, that a Saint’s eyes did while visiting the Null Bank in a meditative state. A Saint’s eyes had a normal amount of color depth otherwise. The ocular color change was a very big reason why most people thought Dastou’s kind was in control of or somehow controlled by the Social Cypher system.
Past the worker bees, where this street ended and changed to a circular road, was the embassy. Looking at the window that would show the Caravan’s office, it was black. The polarizing effect of the glass was either turned on by Vaiss or the whole mobile headquarters was gone, it was hard to tell at this distance, in this light. It was almost certainly the latter, blinky mirrors on roofs proving it.
“I’m not surprised by that at all,” said Dastou, referencing the window color, the only thing different than when they left. It was the first any of them had spoken since leaving the monastery.
“From what you said, neither am I,” commented Saan-Hu. “I just hope the research teams got out in time. They would not survive a confrontation with that man.”
She was adding to the façade that was about to play out for the sake of any cameras equipped with microphones listening in. One of her jobs when she got into town in the morning for the meeting was to disable those mics if they existed, but she did not have time to check after their arrival, and when they returned in the early afternoon it had become a low priority. 
Close and closer they came to the embassy, walking back the exact same way they left, including the wide arc around the building with the broken face. Dastou had noticed a minute ago that the guards flanking the glass-paned doors when they left for the subway were no longer there, which was odd. He was hoping the sunset glare off the tall first floor windows hid the fact that those sentries were inside; he saw now that was not the case. There was absolutely no one here.
“If the agents were watching the cameras when someone accessed the place with my codes,” figured Dastou, continuing the conversation rather than pointing out the obvious problem with the guards, “it would be pretty evident it was an impostor. My dark skin and Vaiss’s healthy but much lighter tan being the biggest hint. They’d have evacuated by the emergency exits, but if they ignored the entry because the communication system told them it was me...”
He trailed off with purpose, letting the scenario sink in as he reached the undefended embassy. He led the way in, entering through the repaired glass double doors. The lobby was completely empty, peculiar since this building had become a bustle of activity since being built. It was the first embassy in the world, and it received not only local visitors wanting to set up or arriving for meetings, but foreigners from all over. Even some isolationists visited in groups from afar, seeing for themselves a modern building built in the middle of a Cypher-controlled city without mass-hypnotic help. 
Stone-State was aware of the building’s impressive nature and wanted to show off, so this whole building was decked out to do so, the lobby being the first chance to drop jaws with awe. There were five luxuriously upholstered hand-made couches and a few lounge seats in the waiting area to Dastou’s right. Two gas-fed fireplaces behind glass enclosures were built into a wall, and the seating arrangement meant that groups of people could sit here as if it was a mansion’s living room. Not that there were many mansions to compare it to in this world of hypnotic infrastructure, but the extravagance was the same.
The carpeting featured a subtle pattern of local flora, a dark purple and dark green pattern mixed with some light greys and spread from the doorway and onto the entire first floor of the building, but not in the meeting rooms. Each of those smaller spaces featured a different carpet design, though Dastou never saw any of them; this morning was the first time he set foot in this building after its completion. In his opinion it was garish to have so many competing patterns, but there’s no accounting for taste when trying to make a place look like it has independent money. Two eastern tribes built stone castles the same way: all shiny things and over-designed rugs and big, wind-catching banners. In fact, the patterns of stitching in the rugs signified that some were purchased from those same tribes.
Dastou finished his secret and very brief interior design critique session, and gave a flick of his head to order Nes to the reception desk when the group was a few meters inside. He looked at Saan and waved for her to scout around. Nes walked to the greeting desk where a receptionist would normally be seated while Saan started a counter-clockwise search of the lobby.
“Hold on a second, the station needs a password,” said Nes after getting to the big oblong desk.
“Check under the keyboard,” called Saan from across the lobby. She had reached the restrooms near the couches, and headed into the men’s lavatory first. The door barely hit the jamb to close before she came right back out a few seconds later. Dastou always did respect the efficiency taught early on to children of the Ko Monasi tribe.
Nes nodded to himself in satisfaction at the receptionist area. “Not under the keyboard, under the monitor stand. Still really dumb.”
“Not everyone has our paranoia about security,” Saan said.
“Dumbasses. They shut everything off and left a log-in layer running because it’s tied to security. A system like this, that could end up causing them bandwidth or memory leak problems if they do it all the time.”
“Yes. Clearly,” replied Saan, not familiar with the tech jargon. It was Nes who taught her the basics for implementing the software needed to drill into computers and cameras at the embassy, and he didn’t have time to teach her more than the absolute basics by rote.
“Oh, go surf while I restart this.”
“Hmph. No one wanted to teach me how to surf. I did not have the patience or aptitude. Such as you with long-term relationships.”
“You’re one to talk, Ms. New One Every Six Months.”
Trenna was behind Dastou and evidently used to their banter enough so that she didn’t point it out when she whispered something to the Saint. “Aren’t you going to help them? Seems a little pointless to watch from a distance.”
“Well, that was a bold thing to say for a civilian,” responded Dastou, raising an eyebrow to let her know he was joking. “Right now it’s best for me to stay here, centered, while my minions look around.”
There was an electronic noise in the background, and Dastou recognized it as being similar to the ping of a computer starting up.
“Probably not the best idea to give your minions guns if you’re going to insult them,” said Nes.
“It doesn’t matter when, even if armed, said minions don’t stand a chance.”
“Well… Alright, that one goes to you.”
“Holding one over on a minion means less than nothing to me. Is it booted yet?”
“Just now. All white lights on the relay board except for a couple,” said Nes, meaning that most meeting rooms and offices are either empty or unassigned. “The security room is red, so the place is still on high alert, and uh... the main assembly hall is green?”
Saan had already checked the ladies room and the seating area, even taking a peek into the fireplace for good measure, and was walking towards one of the hallways that led deeper into the first floor of the embassy.
“Are you asking me or telling me?” inquired Dastou.
“The only meeting scheduled for today was ours, right?” said Nes. “That was hours ago, but another meeting is happening in the big room on the third floor.”
“The confidential statutes they gave us,” Saan told them, “mentioned that on any day the Caravan was moored, no other appointments would be made, and any already planned would be rescheduled at the embassy’s expense. I am sure neither of you read that.”
Dastou and Nes looked at each other from across the lobby and shrugged at the same time.
“Didn’t feel the need for all the details – I was just here to look dangerous and win bets.”
Dastou looked up thoughtfully, tapping his chin as if trying to figure something out. He over-dramatically tilted his head left and right as he talked in a sing-song fashion. “So whoever is on alert in security knows we’re here, yet they haven’t come out to us, asking the expected question of: ‘if the Caravan is gone, why are you still here?’”
Trenna stifled a chuckle as best she could at Dastou’s child-like play-acting. Saan and Nes both knew this mood, and it meant he knew exactly what was about to happen, or at least what was about to start happening. The corporal smiled at his friend, and then at Saan, who rolled her eyes in annoyance but couldn’t hide her amusement.
“Really?” said Nes. “You ass, you could have said something.”
“Wait, what?” asked Trenna.
“Come!” called Dastou loudly, his voice echoing in the empty lobby. “Join me in watching idiots flock!”
The Saint high-stepped in a circle around Trenna, thoroughly enjoying himself, smiling wide. Then he stopped abruptly just after starting a second rotation, sucking air through his teeth in pain.
“The suture,” guessed Saan.
“The… suture,” repeated Dastou, wincing as he strode back into position in front of Trenna, careful not to touch his itching, stinging side. “No inanities after injuries, I always forget that.”
Saan and Nes had been walking back to the Saint during his high-stepping, and were a stride away when a series of boot stomps, enough that it sounded like a small crowd running, could be heard coming from the two hallways leading away from the lobby’s seating area. When the foursome was close together again, two fancy-uniformed security officers jogged around the corner, towards the foyer from each inward-leading hallway. 
They wore protective helmets, crisp mid-tone blue uniforms with thin, perfectly clean white trim on seams and new gold-colored oval badges on the left upper chest. Those men carried modern-looking, brand new assault rifles. More of them poured out of the corridors after those first two, stomping hard and fast into the foyer. Twenty in all, mostly men with a handful of women in the mix, they swiftly took position. Half of them moved a step forward, got on one knee, and at the same time the ones behind them made sure to be between each kneed pair. They all moved their rifles up, trained them on the Saint’s group with a sharp ruffle of clothing and a distinct clicking of plastic and metal gun parts. None of their barrels wavered at having to be pointed at the Castor Wolf, the most dangerous man alive – this precise little show had been in the works for quite some time.
Saan instinctively drew her machine pistol as she and Nes turned around to face the door at another cacophony of boot stomps that was originating outside. The Saint scarcely moved since he could see everything behind him thanks to reflections on metal and glass furniture or decorations in the lobby, and caught the sight of uniformed guards rushing along the sides of the building from left and right. Whoever gave them their signal was off the mark – they really should have been here at the same time as the ones that flooded in from the hallways. Still, points for effort, Dastou thought. 
The contingent outside the building entered professionally, two guards holding doors as others streamed inside. With identical numbers, they took identical kneed-and-standing positions and aim as the first score. The foursome was surrounded.
“D... any ideas?” asked Nes, hands relaxed and ready to unclip his rifle from his back.
“Wait for it...” said Dastou.
“Wait for what, may I ask?” said a familiar voice, one that Dastou was prepared for. 
The owner of that voice walked out of one of the hallways and was barely visible behind the throng of guards. He touched the security officer farthest to Dastou’s left on the shoulder and the young man stepped aside to let Councilor Jandal Tryst by. Still dressed in his official black robes, the violet stripe down his right arm indicating his representative area, he stepped closer to the flanked foreigners. He halted within two meters of the Saint, just far enough so that he probably thought he couldn’t be attacked without retaliation. That was an entirely false assumption, and Dastou already thought up three ways to kill him before anyone could do a damn thing. The Saint would end up dead, too, shot full of holes, and he had worked very hard not to let that happen today.
“Wait for you, clearly,” answered Dastou. “Now, what may I help you with, Tryst?”
“You are trapped here,” an irritated Tryst answered swiftly, “with no way out, and you still speak as if you are in charge.” 
The guards didn’t flinch at the disrespect and low-talk given to Dastou.
“Saint Cosamian Dastou,” started Tryst snootily, not caring if anyone responded to his previous statement. “Corporal Nesembraci Jaydef, Staff Sergeant Saan-Hu, and... whoever this other woman is,” he said while dismissively waving a hand at Trenna Geil. “I, Councilor Jandal Tryst, place you all under arrest, as ordered by the diplomatic authority of the Stone-State Council.”
“Under arrest for what… ‘may I ask?’” said Dastou, mocking Tryst’s earlier words and annunciation.
“That will be revealed once you are in custody. Please abide by our laws in this land and submit to capture. Otherwise we will be required to use force.”
“Sir... that’s not the law here,” Trenna said to Dastou, quietly but just loud enough to be overheard by Tryst. “Because of my, uh, hobbies, I have to know a little bit about local ordinances. You can’t arrest people like this, without saying charges or anything.”
“Pretty sure it’s the same in any city-state, really,” said Dastou. “The Social Cypher tends to standardize most laws within city limits.”
Tryst was annoyed again. Just like the assembly earlier in the day, he was being ignored or not taken seriously enough.
“Let me take a wild guess here,” said Dastou, “the meeting you were just having changed those laws in the instances of diplomatic arrests.”
“Yes, it did,” said Tryst, unable to keep a little bit of anger out of his voice. He probably figured to masterfully reveal the change to the rules in dramatic fashion. “As leader of the Council, I have the direct power to arrest anyone on a temporary basis strictly on collected evidence, revealing the charges when I see fit. In this case it will be once said evidence is further organized, compiled, and added to.”
“And you think you can arrest me? You’re sure you Brightseers are capable of such a feat?”
Dastou’s words came out measured, ominous. There was no chance he was honestly thinking of attacking and his friends would know it, he was just trying to stir up tension, which was working. Some of the blue-garbed guards bristled at the Saint’s tone. Others looked at their comrades next to them with only their eyes, as if to ask “are we sure about this?” Tryst did his best to seem unmoved, but his face was as easy to read as Nes’s.
The tension in the room was abruptly bent in a different direction when the receptionist desk’s phone rang. Almost everyone looked in that direction. Some of the guards even lowered their rifles a bit from a perfect firing position. Dastou smiled. Saan holstered her machine pistol and Nes let his hands lower from getting ready to take hold of his assault rifle. The fact that he hadn’t gotten his gun ready at all, and he should have, told Dastou a lot about how the corporal was doing psychologically after his first real combat scenario, his first kills. Nes might be in a better state of mind soon enough, but for now he was nervous and slow to react. Thankfully that was better than panicking and shooting like a mad man at even the slightest threat.
“Well, is anyone going to get that?” said the Saint while looking directly at Tryst and tilting his head towards the ringing phone. “I think it might be for you, Mr. Important.” 
“What? What are you talking about?” Tryst said cuttingly, then pointed at the guard closest to the desk, the same one that let him pass earlier. “You there, pick that up.”
Dastou kept a steady, true smile on his face as the assigned security guard went around the desk – which was made of some very nice reddish wood, by the way – and grabbed the handset of the phone, holding it up to one ear hole on his helmet. He then stood there for a few seconds, looking at the phone’s base as it rang one more time.
Saan sighed. “Press the button that says ‘Embassy Reception,’ then tap the blinking red one,” she told him.
“Right, yeah. Thank you, ma’am,” said the polite guard, his voice muffled slightly by his full-face visor.
Dastou was trying not to laugh while Tryst practically growled at the well-mannered sentry. Nes snorted.
“Hello?” the guard said into the handset after pressing the necessary buttons. A second passed. “Um, yes, Representative, er, Councilor Tryst? He’s here.”
Tryst scowled, his mouth forming a tight line.
The guard continued on the phone. “What? Just that? Alright, I’ll relay it to him. Uh, y- you have a great day, too.”
Dastou couldn’t hold it in and laughed brightly. Trenna giggled with a hand over her mouth, the sides of her almond-shaped eyes crinkling with amusement. The helmet visor was unfortunately clear, making the blushed cheeks of the guard clearly visible. 
Tryst shifted uncomfortably where he stood as the guard put the handset down. “Well!?” said the Councilor, almost yelling. “What was that about?”
“It was a message for you, sir,” replied the guard nervously.
“Yes! Yes, I figured that out! What was the message?”
“It was one word. ‘Goner.’”
Saan and Nes knew what that word meant and visibly relaxed even further, their shoulders loosening along with their postures. Trenna must have gotten it, too, so she followed along, becoming more confident and calm.
“’Goner?’” said Tryst before glaring Dastou. “Is that some kind of threat?”
“You can think of it that way if you wish,” answered Dastou. “I, however, will think of it as my cue to leave.”
“You are not leaving, you are under arrest.” Jandal Tryst was animated with anger, gesturing wildly alongside his quickly spoken words. “No trickery will change that. Embassy guards, bind their hands and...”
One of the higher windows of the lobby shattered, interrupting Tryst’s order. That noise masked the sound of a tiny bit of carpet near the Councilor’s feet being destroyed, fabric exploding into the air in a puff. Everyone stared at the spot where the sniper’s bullet hit as glass shards trickled down to the floor from the destroyed window, clinking softly against carpet. As the guards all went on high alert again, pointing their guns at the four people they were trying arrest, a vein on Tryst’s left temple flared up and his face grew red with ire and embarrassment as he looked at a black, burnt-out hole between his shoes.
“Now, Jandal,” said Dastou disrespectfully, a hand on his hip, “you’re going to let us walk out of here. Because while the handful of snipers on rooftops behind me won’t be able to save me, any one of them will be able to kill you if someone moves toward me with intent to capture or attack. I have the feeling that you’re not willing to risk your life today or any other day. Tell your people to stand down.”
Tryst balled his hands into fists at his sides, his posture tight. This situation had gone as far wrong as it could have for him. Instead of a scene where he arrested a Saint in dramatic fashion, securing fame and respect in the process, he got told off, threatened, and manipulated.
“Additionally,” said Dastou, “don’t to follow us or my backup will fire. If there is a hint of pursuit, I promise you Councilor, you will die within a day, somehow, someway.”
“That rhymed!” exclaimed Nes.
“Shut up,” said Dastou with mock exasperation. Nes smiled as his friend continued to address Tryst. “These other people here in the nice, new uniforms are just security; they have no responsibility for this situation, even if they are the ones with guns pointed at us. You, Councilor, will be the only person my snipers will aim at. Ever.”
It took a few seconds for Tryst, a bead of sweat coming down from his thinning grey hair to his forehead and reaching an eyebrow, to respond. Dastou, Nes, and Saan looked directly at him and nothing else, and Trenna again understood the hint to do the same.
“Let them go,” Tryst growled between clenched teeth after wiping the bead of sweat away. “Do not follow. They will pay for their crimes soon enough.”
That last line may have been bravado in the face of embarrassment, but Dastou doubted it. Tryst had something further in the works. The Saint turned around and started for the doorway, which was still blocked by guards. A path opened up as some of those sentries move to the side as ordered, and the foursome walked out of the building the same way they came in after stepping on broken glass from the window above, mirroring the way they stepped on broken glass the first time they walked out of here a few hours ago to reach an injured Trenna.



Chapter 15: Out of Town


Dastou had no way of predicting what Tryst, power-hungry snob that he was, would really do once the group of “fugitives” left, so he ordered Saan and Nes to keep an eye on the embassy’s front and back entrances while he led Trenna away. The two agents did not hide what they were doing, standing out in the open, guns ready. It wasn’t to look as if they’d do something dangerous, it was to remind the Councilor and his forty guards in the building that there were hidden armed agents in the vicinity, and an order was given not to follow or those snipers would kill Tryst first and maybe last.
The Saint went east on the sidewalk, following the ring road the embassy sat at the center of. Almost ninety degrees down the circular road, looking at the east face of the new administrative building he just escaped from, he finally noticed the trees planted along the sides of the blocky structure, which looked to have been species pulled from a forested area far to the north. The trees stood tall behind a metal security gate in a purposeful arrangement alongside healthy grass, rosebushes, and vines rising up the side of the embassy with grace. The Saint accidentally let out a low grunt; he couldn’t stand it when nature was interrupted by the Social Cypher for the purposes of logging or cultivating, but at least he got used to that. What he saw now on this new building was the uprooting of healthy plants for the sake of decoration when local or newly grown flowers, ferns, or other fast-growing plant-life would suffice.
“Are you okay?” asked Trenna as she slowed to match Dastou’s walking pace.
“Yeah, sure. Just fine.” He had trouble not gritting his teeth thinking about the relocated vegetation. It was an insult to perfect nature, the same way he thought of hypnotically controlled infrastructure itself – an interruption to natural law and growth. “It’s the damn trees here. Pulled from the north just to be make-up on this building’s face.”
“Oh,” she said, not understanding. 
“Sorry. I don’t like when natural, beautiful, wild things are ripped apart for no good reason. It’s the type of control over environment Saints in general don’t… didn’t like.”
They reached the ninety-degree point, the three-o’-clock position, in the ring road, an intersection for the four-lane streets. Dastou veered to his left, starting directly east, and picked up his speed to a normal walking pace. While they crossed the street, following the painted pedestrian path for no reason since this area was empty and closed off for repairs, Trenna spoke up.
“I watched as they brought the trees and stuff down on trucks a couple months ago, after the outside of the building was finished up. The people who did it seemed really careful. They checked on them every day, multiple times a day. The one in charge, I never overheard her name, seemed to really love caring for all the plants.”
Dastou was curious now, so he tamped down on his annoyance to learn more as they went from street to sidewalk and kept going, walking alongside a series of two-story buildings. “You saw them put this stuff together?”
“Uh huh. All the big stuff came in cargo trucks, and the adolescent bushes came in smaller utility wagons. The vines were the only new plants. It was a nice distraction for a while, watching them get this pretty display finished. Entertainment is hard to come by for me, or any of my people…” She paused, coughed absent-mindedly before continuing. “A bunch of us would get together, watch the plant-people take care of everything.”
Trenna had stopped talking while Dastou slowed for a bit to check his surroundings. The buildings here were too short to provide perfect cover, and his allies would not have gotten here so quickly anyway unless the plan was falling apart elsewhere. He saw no one on roofs, no glint of moving mirrors signaling him, no out-of-place strips of paper flapping in the light breeze; everything was, at least right now, going according to his design for an escape plan. When the Saint picked up his pace again, Trenna picked her story up from where she left off, her smile easy to hear in her words.
“I even tried following the two biggest delivery trucks back when they left for the day, to see where they got the stuff from. They went the same way, so I just kept track of where they came from, memorized where I was when I couldn’t follow them anymore after running out of energy, and started from that last spot earlier the next day. Took me four days, but I did it. Too bad it ended up being some stupid warehouse where other trucks dropped them off.”
“Did you follow the other vehicles from there?” wondered Dastou.
“Not a chance! I was so tired from all that to begin with on the last long day of following them that I slept for twelve hours after I got home to the subway. I got sick, too, which helped me make up my mind not to keep tracking them.”
The Saint smiled at her story, but not just that; at the girl. She was nervously rambling, and he thought he knew why. They had gotten to the next block over, stopping at a four-way intersection, at a curb painted with yellow light-catcher paint that signaled a trolley stop. Dastou thought for a moment, remembered that one of the blue-garbed guards was wearing a wristwatch, and recollected that it said the time was a few minutes past seven in the afternoon; the trolley would normally be running at this time of day in barely a minute if he measured the time it took them to walk here properly. He looked down the street and saw it nowhere in sight, which was actually a good thing – it was supposed to be late.
“I was sick for almost three weeks – living more or less on the streets means you get less real nutrition than you should, so you stay sick longer. But you probably figured that, probably from how I’m so skinny. Or because you can figure stuff out like that pretty fast, I bet. I always got so happy when I found out an infrastructure event was happening near noon. It meant a good amount of meals would have been left on tables if there were restaurants near where the people were hypnotized. Didn’t happen often, like maybe once every three months, but it was always a celebration. If we had time, we’d contact others from the camp to take food away. We only had one working refrigerator, though, in a yogurt shop, so we’d… Oh no…” She stopped talking, and when Dastou caught a glimpse of her, her yellow-brown cheeks were flushed with embarrassment. The way her face looked down, her jet black hair would have hidden her tinted cheeks if it wasn’t in a ponytail.
Dastou snorted, grinned. “Don’t worry about it, really.”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to go on like that. I’m just scared…” she cut herself off, not looking up from the sidewalk.
“Of leaving the city, right?” Dastou asked, and she nodded her response. “I imagine it feels the same as when I was found and initiated into the Sainthood.”
“I… I’m not sure how that could be the same,” she said, glancing up to meet Dastou’s eyes out of respect.
“Of course you couldn’t, because I haven’t told you,” Dastou snapped with false high-and-mighty umbrage as he looked north again, down the trolley tracks.
He gave Trenna, whose jaw had dropped a little at the unexpected coldness, a sideways glance and a mocking grin. She smiled, gave an unladylike chortle, and shook her head before he looked down the road again. She still wasn’t used to his falsely-insulting sense of humor, but she got it quickly that time.
“No wonder Nes likes you,” Trenna said. “You’re as much a jerk as he pretends to be.”
Dastou realized she was directly behind him as he stepped to the side a bit to get a better view of the street, made sure to get closer to being at her side, which left him able to respect her as a person by actually occasionally looking at her as he spoke. He always had a bad habit of not looking at people when he spoke since his grey eyes were a big giveaway of who and what he was.
“In any case,” he said, ignoring her comment, “you may be scared because you’re leaving the familiar, like I did when Lonoj took me as his mentee.”
“Saint Lonoj Ornadais was your mentor?” she asked, as calmly as if she was supposed to know that man’s full title.
“Yes, he was. He took me from family, friends, childhood. All the joys that normal people have were gone in an instant. My memory was also crippled, which honestly helped me cope. I didn’t entirely remember anything about my life before waking up, crying into my hands as I sat on a curb. I was ten at the time.”
She looked at the sidewalk again, her facial expression shifting from confusion to mild disbelief. Was it that hard to believe that as a boy Dastou bawled his eyes out when he was lost, cold, and alone? All kids would act the same, no matter what or why.
The sun had gone down further since they left the embassy, so the yellow light-catcher paint was glittering only a little, the sky at the horizon growing more purple than orange by the minute.
“That’s the way it was, with all Saints,” he continued. “We didn’t remember almost anything, just flashes here and there of our old lives. Faces, places, times that give us a warm feeling or the exact opposite, but nothing specific. Almost like we have a different purpose and anything tying us to the past was to be thrown out.” He shrugged. “But it was still scary. I imagine you’ve done that before since you are from the Tribeslands and are all the way here now, two continents away.”
Trenna did not look up, her sudden worry making a crease between her eyes. Did she really think she could hide her origins from him?
“How…” she started, then lowered her voice, dejected at something she hid being outed. “Of course you knew. Of course.” 
“Doesn’t matter to me where you’re from or how you got here,” Dastou said quickly, putting a placating hand up to smooth out his bluntness in revealing that he knew one of her secrets. She was evidently hesitant to divulge her past, even to him. “I’m just saying that I get why you’re scared. Leaving the familiar, even if it’s not where you’re safest or can be most useful, is rough. But Tryst threw you in the cooking pot with the rest of us, so you can’t come back until we sort this out.”
The girl nodded gently, her mouth a tight thin line. She showed no hint of tears or much sadness at the thought of being forced out of her makeshift home in Stone-State as most others would. Dastou guessed correctly: this was at least the second time she was forced to run from some place, and maybe not the first where people were dead right before she took off. Trenna had far more iron in her bones about this situation for it to be entirely new to her.
“Speaking of,” he said after a few seconds of respectful silence, “is there anything we can get from the subway for you? I can have someone sneak in and get it later on.”
“You can? Wouldn’t Councilor Tryst know and catch whoever you send?”
“Hah!” laughed Dastou, honestly entertained by her question. “No, no, not a chance. I’ve got too many folks that hate or misunderstand me to not have agents skulking in shadows for me on occasion. So how about it, anything you need?”
She thought for a little while, shrugged, and shook her head. “I didn’t have anything of real value that I can’t get or make again. I’m betting you know what’s in my pocket.”
Dastou remembered a fleeting thought from earlier in the day. “I’ll guess a beaded bracelet, one with some… brown pearls. Thin hemp string. Your complexion is too light for you to be from where it would be white pearls and spidersow.”
She nodded. “Right. So, no, you don’t have to bother; this piece of jewelry is what’s most important to me, I’ve had it since I can remember and want to keep it until I can’t hold it.” She fingered the beads from outside a pocket of her dark blue jeans, which were brand new a few hours ago and dirty with dust and dirt now, like Dastou’s clothing.
“Poetically put.”
Just as he said that, the distinctive, echoing klak-klik-klak of the trolley could be heard, and the rail car seen just three blocks away. Even from here, the silhouettes revealed only three people on the trolley.
Dastou touched a button on his throat-mic transceiver. “Ready to go. Meet us on the way.”
“Copy second,” Saan said into her mic. 
“Copy third,” Nes followed up.
Since Trenna had no earpiece of her own, Dastou explained the situation. “They’re on the way back. They’ll be running to meet us south of here. That trolley is our ride.”
“Okay,” is all she said, at this point having gotten used to the fact that he was being overly dramatic about explaining anything. Dastou was pretty disappointed that she didn’t blurt out questions at him after the bullet smashed through a window in the embassy lobby and he seemed to have planned it. As much as he hated being bugged about his skills or behavior, sometimes the Saint wanted to see the expression on people’s faces when he did something flat-out badass. Again, this young woman’s iron was showing through quite plainly.
Klak-klik-klak.
Klak-klik-klak.
The trolley was almost here, barely a block away. It slowed as Trenna and Dastou stared at it. Thanks to regular maintenance, the braking procedure was smooth, quiet, and half-automated. The single-car of the trolley made it to a full stop directly in front of Dastou, the three young agents on-board all-business as they scanned the area.
Two of those agents were people of the central Tribelands, a couple thousand kilometers south and east of where Dastou assumed Trenna was from. They were mocha-skinned, not very tall – slightly shorter than Trenna, who was already shorter than Saan – with very dark-brown, wavy hair. Evara Stroff and Even “Goner” Stroff, girl and boy, spotter and sniper, were nineteen-year-old twins, and privates first-class. The third agent was a pale, tall, lanky twenty-one year old with a wild thatch of bright red hair. Adept with computers and chemistry, Crawford Zedhani was also a private first-class. The twins had striking mid-shade grey-brown eyes, while the redhead’s own grey-brown eyes were a lot darker.
“You look like crap, sir,” said Goner, who was holding his sniper rifle across his lap as he sat. The twins had the lilting, musical accent that marked them as being from the central Tribeslands, though their couple of years in the Academy had dulled it. The Saint also figured they worked on getting rid of the lilt; they were different enough as it was without people listening to their accent rather than their words.
At the boy’s comment, Dastou looked down at himself for maybe the ten-thousandth time since stopping Saan and Nes from killing each other. Leather jacket ripped at the bottom right hem; a little bit of dried blood still on that part of the jacket and on his white buttoned shirt under said jacket; everything heavily wrinkled from his time in water; pants and boots roughed up pretty badly. 
“Nice to know these last few hours haven’t changed you a bit,” replied the Saint after looking up at Goner again.
“Can’t help that he’s correct,” added Crawford, as usual precise and haughty in his annunciation. “You look to have been pushed around by a drill sergeant that’s entirely too enthusiastic.”
“What happened to the other cars?” asked Dastou, motioning toward the missing middle section and caboose that should have been trailing this engine car.
“Detached,” answered Crawford flatly. “Figured we didn’t need all the extra room for only four more people.”
“By the way: hello, sir,” said Evara cheerily in greeting to Dastou, giving a casual salute. He returned the salute with the same nonchalance. “How’s it going, Trenna?” the young spotter asked.
“I’m alright,” said Trenna to the girl she met just once early that afternoon. “A little tired.”
“I imagine,” said Evara. “If Headmaster Dastou looks like that, you must feel like taking a hot shower and falling asleep in it.”
Trenna looked around at all of them, and Dastou noticed her eyes focusing on the dark grey and vermillion uniforms the twins wore, and the name badges all three had. Crawford wore more casual clothing under a long white lab coat that ruffled in the wind. At twenty-three, Trenna was older than all of them, but the agents were trained soldiers at this point, their postures and confidence showing as much. At the Academy, where she met them briefly before they got into the Caravan, Trenna had looked at them all the same way she did now: with a hint of jealousy, of envy at their skills. Dastou was happy about that; he wanted not just respect for his recruits, but an additional stinging covetous attitude at how good they were at what they were trained for. A little resentment was nice, too, while he was being truthful with himself.
The twins were seated in the first couple of plastic seats, and Dastou motioned for Trenna to sit as well. Crawford stayed near the front control console of the mass-transit vehicle. As Trenna took a seat, Goner smiled and inclined his head politely at her – a reminder of how pretty she was as much as how much of a horny little boy he sometimes acted like.
“Let’s go, Crawford,” said Dastou, “keep us south, no turns. Don’t pick up too much speed, though, we’re not stopping for the others.”
Crawford raised an eyebrow, then pushed up on the trolley’s throttle bar. They took off slowly, and were going about twenty-five kilometers-per-hour when Nes appeared from an alleyway three blocks down from where the Saint was picked up. He was sprinting towards the street, and jumped onto the trolley as it passed by, stopping his momentum by grabbing an overhead handhold when onboard. Trenna had a stunned grin on her face as Nes greeted the Stroffs with soft salutes.
“We are on the run from the law now,” Nes said to Trenna, breathing fast. “Occasionally running full-speed onto a getaway vehicle is something we’ll have to get good at.”
One block after they picked up Nes, Crawford groaned in confusion, then exclaimed in shock. “What!?”
A thump on the roof of the trolley car surprised everyone. They all looked up, but no one was worried. Goner had a sniper rifle, Evara and Crawford handguns under their jackets, and Nes had his bullpup assault rifle; not exactly a group that gets frightened by an unexpected thump, but they also all figured what it was even before Saan’s upside-down face looked into the trolley from the roof.
“Hmph,” said Saan. Then she lifted her head out of sight, grabbed the edge of the roof with both hands, and flipped herself effortlessly into the trolley next to Dastou.
“Wow,” whispered Trenna.
“Such an athlete,” said Evara with a smile.
“More like showoff. I could have done that if I felt like it,” said Nes.
“My alley was blocked by worker bees getting something from a supply cache,” explained Saan. “These buildings are mostly only two stories. An easy feat.”
“You couldn’t have just run down a different alley? Showoff.” Nes shook his head in reproach.
“Nes, give us some speed,” said Dastou, interrupting the banter to get back to business. “An unsafe amount if you don’t mind.”
“Sure, boss, I never mind an unsafe amount of anything.”
Nes took Crawford’s place at the front controls as the latter agent moved to the passenger area, holding the grip on the back of a seat to steady himself. The twins changed position and sat on the backs of their seats, holding poles for balance.
“Goner, huh?” asked Nes without looking back, keeping his focus on the road ahead.
Even “Goner” Stroff just shrugged, a smirk on his young face. His sister Evara Stroff had the exact same self-assured look. The girl’s long dark-brown hair, down to the middle of her back and mostly loose except for a pair of narrow tribal braids, moved with the wind in the open trolley. Her brother kept his curls far shorter, but they still swayed a bit.
“You said you wanted something special in case you needed a way out,” said Goner as he stuffed his rifle into his shoulder-strap case. “Done.”
“So that was all planned?” asked Trenna.
“Not entirely,” Evara answered. “It was just one of three contingencies. And pretty much the last one we expected to have to implement.”
“It worked perfectly,” said Saan. “A good bluff, relying on Tryst’s own personality to succeed.”
“I read Dastou’s lips through my scope on a mirrored surface,” revealed Goner. “He said there were a ‘handful’ of snipers. That’s close since we’re worth at least three.” He tilted his head to his sister on the last remark.
The twins smiled more openly at the comment. It was true, those two were amazing together. Evara was always Goner’s partner, their nineteen years together as family giving them a bond that no other sniper and spotter team could match. It was too bad Goner could be an impressively lazy bastard at times and Evara was always figuring out new ways to help him achieve new heights in that regard. Dastou liked them, though, since they were at least fun to have around. Crawford Zedhani was known for being uptight at the best of times.
“What if it didn’t work?” said Crawford, somehow timing his attitude with Dastou’s thoughts. “How would we explain the situation to the general, that the best we could come up with was a prank call?”
“You think too much,” said Evara.
“No, joke, man,” added Goner. “We got them out, that’s what counts.”
Dastou got the feeling this was the last step of a conversation that already had a few others, so he interrupted. “Do you mind explaining,” he cut in, “where the other students are, or are you going to talk until I decide to strangle it out of you?”
“Uh, sorry, sir,” said Crawford. “An alarm we’d never heard before went off while we were rendering some environmental models to the server.”
“What alarm?” asked Saan.
“We don’t know, ma’am,” responded Evara. “It had a code I never saw before, and when we did a quick search for it in the database it wasn’t found. Only the words ‘cold error’ came up, and none of us have any idea what that type of error is.”
“Heh, a hidden alarm system within our own,” said Dastou. “I’m not surprised that I’m completely not surprised by that with the way this day has gone.”
“Sir?” asked Crawford.
“Nevermind. Keep going.”
The trolley made a stop where some civilians called for it by hitting a button on a streetlight’s pole. Upon seeing Saint Cosamian Dastou and six other mostly uniformed people onboard, they hesitated on the sidewalk despite the transport being almost two-thirds empty. One of them tried to get on, and Dastou stared at him, shook his head, and halted the stranger in his place. When the trolley took off again, Nes pressed a few buttons on the operator’s console.
“Sorry,” said Nes, “triggered the automatic stops that while overriding speed safeties. It’s fixed now.”
“Anyway,” continued Crawford, annoyed, “the alarm sounded and revealed on monitors that a single man was the prompt. We attempted to lock him out, but we couldn’t because... uh...”
“He had your codes,” Goner said bluntly.
“I know,” revealed Dastou, “I gave them to him. In addition, the man calls himself Citizen Vaiss.”
The younger ones in the trolley looked at the Saint as if he was insane, probably because he said he volunteered his master codes away. Oh, well. He made little circles with his hand as a signal to continue the story. Crawford cleared his throat.
“Yes, well...,” started the redhead, “Vaiss entered with three large, disturbing antelope-bear things and went to navigation.” Nes, now finished modifying the trolley, slapped Saan’s arm triumphantly at Crawford’s nickname for the odd fasshim. She rolled her eyes and the exchange distracted Crawford from his tale.
“We followed what he was doing,” continued Evara, “from the computer stations upstairs, linking into security from the server stack. After a few minutes of watching him use the master codes to get further and further inside, Captain Hays ordered us three out of the Caravan via the emergency exit. He and the others stayed.”
“Why did they stay when you could have all left?” asked Dastou.
In his periphery, Dastou had begun to notice whenever they passed a stop where people waited for the trolley. On none of the handful they passed so far was anyone visibly upset, recognizing him even at the speed they were going. Some even waved, smiles on their faces.
Crawford finished the retelling. “We tried to cut off all routes to navigation, closing doors, overriding protocols, but the invader was too fast, brilliant even. Everything we did thinking it would stop him, it only slowed him down, and not for long. He used something else, some tool we couldn’t quite see. He would reach one of our road blocks, override the main step with Headmaster Dastou’s codes, and then use the tool to open the normal security level. By the time the man, Vaiss as you have said, reached navigation, we felt it was too late to stop him from taking the Caravan. Captain Hays gave a final order to delete all navigational data available before we left, making the Caravan a vehicle without a path before the engines could be cycled to full use. The others stayed to… make sure it was done right, to make sure not even the backups of navigation routes survived the purge.”
 Crawford’s pause in the last sentence became a full stop, a twinge of sadness having entered his voice towards the end. Evara and Goner were looking down. They must have felt they left their comrades to die, especially if they saw those three remaining huge fasshim. Saan and Nes barely stood a chance against them with Vaiss’ Stitch involved, let alone these three low-tier Academy members; Captain Hays made the right choice.
“I’m sorry about the others if they weren’t able to escape,” said Dastou. “But you had your orders. You’re all taught to break the rules when your own clear judgment tells you to do so. It just didn’t make sense this time, and I don’t blame you, so you shouldn’t blame yourselves.” The Saint paused a moment to let the words sink in, then spoke up again. “What about the bombs I asked you to look for?”
“Bombs!?” Saan and Nes said simultaneously.
“Hah!” Evara and Goner said simultaneously.
Trenna tilted her head slightly after that, like a confused puppy.
“I asked Hays and his group to investigate bombs, not tremors,” Dastou explained, interrupting any further comedic tangents that he didn’t feel like entertaining. What was that, the third time he had to interrupt to make sure the conversation kept on track? He almost felt like a leader today. “What did you find?”
“You were dead on, sir,” said Crawford, one of the people that would have been investigating the scenario via computer models. “We tracked shockwave patterns by infiltrating camera data and looking for large-scale vibrations in glass. The outflow of activity was not tectonic or volcanic, didn’t spread nearly far enough to be either, and didn’t come from too deep underground. It actually perfectly matched up with data we got from experimenting with explosives at the Academy.”
“Someone set bombs under the city?” asked Nes, unable to hide his astonishment. “Where?”
“I think the riverbed that runs under this part of the continent,” said Dastou, “maybe some underground caves, at least one set of explosives directly below the Stone-State Embassy. That last one would have been just to get me to go back to my office in an emergency.”
“Did you not begin to leave directly before the tremor?” asked Saan-Hu, remembering the chain of events before the rocket struck the office window.
“Tryst,” answered Dastou, a little venom in his voice. “He was acting suspicious, probably getting a message that the bomb was about to go off, I have no clue. Something about his actions spooked me, though, and my instincts screamed at me to leave, so I started to. Then the tremor came. I’ll admit that I really thought it was an earthquake until we got back to Davranis. Thinking on it, I realized what it most likely was due to the perfect timing of Tryst acting weird, the meeting being nearly over, and it happening right before the attack. I secretly told the research team to look for proof of the bombs, instead.”
“So you’re not psychic?” asked Nes, pretending to be disappointed.
“I wish,” said the Saint. “That would make it easier to know why that bastard Vaiss is coming after us. He knows a lot about our purpose, what we gather. And he comes at us now, before we get enough to actually do anything, with only one Saint left.”
“I… sir,” said Evara, uncharacteristically hesitating. “Did you say he wants ‘what we gather?’”
“Yes, I did,” Dastou answered. “He said he wants the data we’ve collected on the Social Cypher so far, and is willing to obliterate the Academy and DSF to get it.”
The expressions on the three young agents went from confused to disbelieving.
The trolley was at the edge of the city-state now, keeping speed, the last vestiges of urban life flying past on either side. Now they’d see wheat farms for a few kilometers, then pass those in a few minutes time.
It had gone from darkening purple to almost fully dark in the several minutes of rail riding the group had done, a relatively swift sunset. Dastou didn’t bother looking up at the sky. It was as boring as the flatland, but at least the untainted nature of the ground was beautiful – the starless sky was just an insult, an empty void. A thing so disgusting to his kind it became a form of profanity to mention it hundreds of years ago. There was nothing there to excite him, not any more. Like every other Saint before him, he stopped seeing the stars when he got his grey eyes. His vision was fantastic, of course, it’s just those twinkling lights that disappeared from his sight, as if ripped out of his mind’s ability to see them. It was devastating at first, but he got used it. They always got used to it.
Members of a Saint’s entourage also earned grey-tinted eyes sooner or later, and also stopped seeing stars. The connection was apparent, the reasons unknown: even tangential access to the Null Bank gave you grey or grey-tinged eyes, and when you had grey eyes the stars were taken away, like some strange penance for a crime you didn’t know you committed.
The Saint did a quick tallying in numbers. 34% of students at the Academy dealt with severe depression their first year, which shifted down to 18% the second year, and 6% the third. Anyone still suffering from severe, risky levels of depression after freshman year was a strong candidate for expulsion. After the second, expulsion was mandatory.
On the trolley, there were six agents, three privates, two ranked, and Dastou, their leader. All had “the grey,” none could see stars, and therefore none looked up. But Trenna, she took in the sparkling beauty that the others riding south could not, looking casually upward.
“He was also able to hypnotize us, all of us,” said Dastou, cutting the silence that he let hang for a few seconds. “Including me.”
The twins’ eyes went wide as Crawford’s eyebrows shot up in surprise. “I’m sorry… what!?” asked Crawford.
“He is not exaggerating,” said Saan. “We all very nearly died today. Citizen Vaiss is dangerous.”
Dastou nodded. “Which means we have to be a little more creative in dealing with the situation. That’s why we’re splitting up at the southern warehouses.”
“Sir?” asked Saan. “That may not be for the best if we are already under threat.”
“I’m with her,” said Nes. “This guy’s got the Caravan, what else can we do but go home and prepare to fend him off?”
“Does that sound right to you?” said Dastou, tilting his head and counting off his points on fingers. “Citizen Vaiss sets us up for an ambush by getting us to Stone-State for a meeting with Tryst, whose obviously working for or with him. We survive all of that. After that, Tryst tries to arrest us, which would keep us in the city, likely just in case we survived. And you think he’d go exactly where we expect him next, after he proves himself capable of planning so far ahead of us?”
“You guys are gonna have to tell us what in the void happened while we waited,” said Goner, “’cuz I’m fully confused.”
“I’m inclined to agree on both counts,” said an annoyed Crawford.
Dastou stifled any more back talk with a look. “Later. For now, I tell you this: we are not heading home. That’s what we’re supposed to do, it’s the smart thing. Go to Davranis, lick our wounds, heal up, and make pointless plans that Vaiss will cut apart. No. We’ll split up here, set other things in motion.”
Dastou’s voice was stern, commanding. Okay, so he had no idea how to handle Citizen Vaiss. However, after everything that has happened today, he was tired of being outwitted, outmaneuvered. That’s not what Saints are known for. It was time to get his weapons in order.
“Saan,” Dastou said, “you are going home.”
Saan squinted at him. “I thought you just said…”
“Not our home,” said Dastou with a gentle shake of his head. He knew what he was getting into and didn’t want to anger her more than he was about to. “Yours. I need you to go to Nebasht.”
“Why?” she said quickly, slipping that single word out through her teeth like a threat.
“I’m calling in a favor from the Ko Monasi,” he further explained, mentioning the name of Saan’s tribe and trying to ignore the acid in her grey-blue eyes.
No one else would see a secret scorn and boiling anger in her eyes besides him and Nes, and the corporal took a silent, unconscious step back towards the trolley’s console. They spent enough time together that those two trusted each other, which meant that besides Dastou, Nes was the only who knew just how bad the terms were with Saan’s people when she left. Only they knew how much it hurt her, why she was no longer allowed the use of her family name. Trenna and the others bristled at the breaking of the administrator’s typical, practiced calm, shifting in place a little.
The trolley was out of the farmlands now, traveling on roads carved out from grasslands. The paths were expanded within the last few years, tripled in width so the trolley and other trains could travel in the center, leaving a single packed dirt lane for vehicles to either side, grasses as tall as Dastou next to that.
“The Ko Monasi owe me something big,” Dastou elaborated. “I was saving it for when I needed it in order to save myself a ton of trouble, or when a muddy avalanche of trouble found me first. This counts as both, if you think about it. So you’re headed to Nebasht.”
Saan’s lips made a thin, bloodless line. 
“She’s even sexy when she looks like she’s gonna choke someone to death,” whispered Goner to Evara, but Dastou was able to read his lips.
“Put it back in your pants, will you? You talk like you have a shot with that,” said Evara, keeping the conversation barely audible over the engine noise and thankfully away from Saan’s eyes.
Dastou shut them up with another stony glare. “Nes, Evara, Goner, you’re with her,” he continued. “I need four people representing the DSF for this, representing me. I especially need you, Saan. I could send Nes as the leader and keep you, but they may not believe it from him.”
“No offense taken,” said Nes with false offense taken.
“So it has to be the last person I’d send there if I had anyone else to go. Sorry about that.”
At this further expansion of his motives, Saan calmed down. Mostly. Inside, the anger would be replaced very soon with worry, fear, and an abundance of self-examination. He knew her well, which meant that he was sure she’d do what she needed to do for her organization, even if he had to force her back to Nebasht before she was ready.
“Meanwhile,” Dastou continued, “Trenna, Crawford, and I leave east from the Thousand Kilo Shore.”
Saan perked up at this. “Davranis North. You are going to DavNo.”
“You assume right,” said the Saint proudly. “If Captain Hays destroyed the navigation systems of the Caravan, there’s no direct way into the Academy complex. That means Vaiss will have to work his way down from the north somehow, using other abandoned tunnels or maybe on foot. So we’ll go north, too, confront him there if we can.”
“Uh… Mr. Dastou,” said Trenna, speaking after so long of letting the semi-professionals chat. “Why am I going with you? Wouldn’t it be best if I stayed with Saan’s team and you take Nes?”
“Yes,” Dastou said candidly. “But I need a show of strength for the Ko Monasi, which means my second in command for personnel, Staff Sergeant Saan-Hu, and my closest comrade, Corporal Nesembraci Jaydef. Add two young tribesfolk from the Xaneefa and it shows a positive link from our organization to isolationists. So you’re with me and Crawford, a trio of people who are very blunt with, very bad at, or utterly useless in politics.”
Crawford frowned at the insult, but it was true and the redhead knew it. He was, in all frankness, awful with people. Abrasive, self-assured, and kind of a dick. As for Trenna, she had no influence and had met Dastou mere hours ago. They both were stuck with Dastou for now.
“Alright,” Trenna said, “I understand.” She was earnest in that statement. There, someone who doesn’t backtalk. Finally.
Dastou noticed how far in the background Stone-State was and turned his head to view what was coming, seeing the warehouse lot in the distance, the security lights making it visible even in the dark. More cleared paths for wide roads were also evident, one heading east and one heading west, all to make sure goods from smaller settlements could be sold to Stone-State.
“You said you were headed east and then to DavNo,” said Saan, having calmed her internal hurricane down to a brisk tornado. “I assume that you want me to contact the couple.”
Dastou nodded his head, thinking of the spies he set up in one of the fishing villages along the Thousand Kilo Shore. “I need to cross an ocean and will spare no expense – I have plenty to pay them for their troubles. I’ll need to be able to comfortably travel for nine days, so they should keep that in mind.”
“Nine days!?” Crawford practically screamed, his incredulity spreading to his next words. “Nine days of travel on a boat, just the three of us. With a scant few hours of preparation if we’re going as soon as we arrive in whatever backwater village you’re taking us to? That’s impossible,” he finished, shaking his head and crossing his arms.
The Saint smiled, tilting his head playfully at the same time Nes rolled his eyes.
“I swear, Crawford, if I didn’t need you right now, I’d shoot you again,” said Dastou.



Chapter 16: At Deadletter’s Door


The man in ragged clothing smelled like he hadn’t bathed properly in days. He was in a forest, at late afternoon, scouting around with an old assault rifle, and he reeked. Not like something in a forest either; he stank like city sweat, like old clothes. The idiot would attract anyone nearby if they were paying enough attention, or if they had Gastineo’s trained nostrils. Telling one species of tree from another without external factors was usually possible, let alone picking out a group of dirty fools stomping around a quiet forest at dusk all of a sudden.
The bright orange light of a campfire, competing with the orange of a setting sun, began to glow brighter a couple dozen meters away, so the rest of these uninvited newcomers were setting up a base for the night. Their scout, whose gun was on the ground, would not be able to do his job of making sure they were safe. For now, that man was being held in a standing choke hold, facing away from the firelight, Gastineo behind him and keeping a firm grip on the malodorous lookout.
“Led meh go!” the dirty man demanded in a barely-there voice.
“Why are you here? How did you get here so quietly?” asked Gastineo, his old voice gruffer than usual from keeping it low.
“Fugg off, hermid ath-hole!”
“I have no tolerance for strangers here, so I will ask only once more. Who are you, and why are you here?”
The sentry laughed, or tried to through the choke. “Wurr here do… gill you…”
Well, that was that then. Gastineo Deadletter was known as many things in this forest of his and in many other parts of the world, but patient or forgiving were not on that list. He tripped the ragged sentry forward, pushing him to his knees, following him down and never letting go of the choking position. The noise from the hard landing on the man’s knees was honestly less that the fool made walking around snapping twigs and crunching leaves.
The choke hold’s pressure was increased more and more, until no more could be added. It took another minute for the scout to lose consciousness, after which Gastineo held the man in a partial bear hug from behind. He tightened his strong arms, adding as much pressure as he could, and snapped the man’s neck while muffling as much of the sound as he could with the hug. The dead lookout was laid down on his side in dirt and grass.
“Hermit asshole,” was what the dead man called Gastineo. The moniker the nearby Ko Monasi clan used for him was hermit – he heard it often when children played in the spot of forest he took for himself, as if they referred to some kind of apparition or folk tale. Now, people were here to kill someone going by that nickname.
His travels and research for the past three decades had earned Gastineo a handful of true enemies, but only one that would bother with trying to kill him and be capable of finding him in the first place: Citizen Vaiss. If past experience was any indication, it also meant these poor people were hypnotized. On his knees, the hermit moved a little to reach the dead scout’s ankle, pulled up the man’s dirty slacks, and saw the highly-complex symbol that was Vaiss’s standard Stitch for creating a combatant. Well, it was a little different than others he’d seen out east, denser, but not by much.
That was all the proof he needed to know that he could no longer stay here, in this forest he had come to love very dearly over the past ten years. It was nice, for once, to have a place to return to after his searches took him elsewhere. The Ko Monasi had kept their promise of leaving him be, too, which was more than he could say for a couple of other tribes he made deals with. He owed those good people safety, at least, but if Vaiss was active again after so long a wait, everyone near one of the bastard’s enemies was in danger. The old hermit sighed, stroked his scraggly grey beard, ran a strong hand through his thick grey hair, and sighed again. He got up, shrugging his complex compound bow off a shoulder as he did.
Gastineo Deadletter made almost no noise, not compared to a now crackling campfire that was far too big. Picking out the largest tree near him that would give him a view of the fire, he sneaked to it in a half-crouch, an arrow ready in one hand and the bow in the other. Hiding behind the thick trunk, he tilted his body, peering at the enemies. Five of them, three women and two men, all dressed in dirty, sometimes ill-fitting clothing, their hair not properly taken care of, the smell of them all coming together to form a gross waft that was luckily mostly hidden by the wood smoke.
The hermit already took care of their scout, but he doubted the man would be missed. These people would take care of things with the hypnotic efficiency expected of Vaiss’s puppets, something he’d seen before. When he was much younger and first encountered such terrifying numbness, it was frightening and unnatural. The salt-and-pepper monster’s ability to create thralls has improved; the people here moved more naturally, appearing to have retained some personality while having their free will taken away.
Gastineo nocked an arrow, drew and aimed it. Few others could handle that familiar pressure against the string, and he prided himself on being built like a structure of good, strong brick, even at fifty-seven years old. He looked to his left, trying to find his next piece of cover. He only moved his eyes, not his whole head, so when the five ragged enemies stopped moving and all looked in his direction at the exact same time, he took notice. Gastineo knew he made no mistakes in finding cover and hiding, but somehow they knew exactly where he was.
Fwip!
The hermit loosed the arrow he had prepared. A blur in the air, overpowered thanks to the tension on the compound bow, it pounded one of the women in the chest, exactly where her heart was, cracking a rib to get to the vital organ. The woman fell back with half an arrow sticking out of her, the pure white feathers of the fletching easy to pick out near such dirty clothing. She thumped to the ground, and the other ragged folk rushed to grab the assault rifles they had put down in order to get the fire going. The weapons were a couple of strides from the fire for safety, which gave Gastineo the second he needed to dig into his waist-clipped travel pack, pull out a spherical smoke grenade, and toss it between him and the four remaining foes.
The grenade started spewing smoke even before it hit the ground, and the hermit moved quickly to his right, where the smoke was thickest, and closer to the enemies. As soon as he was away from the tree they caught him at, the air was hammered with the sounds of gunfire from multiple assault rifles, that trunk pelted with bullets that chewed into bark.
The smoke covered Gastineo’s fast approach, and he reached behind him for an arrow, quickly drew it back, and loosed towards where there should be an enemy. He hit someone, but not fatally, he could tell from the type of scream and grunt emitted by the victim. The arrow hit an arm, at best. Still moving, just a few steps from the fire, the bow was now useless, so he dropped it and tossed the quiver.
The smoke was not thick enough to hide him perfectly but it should have worked adequately, yet Gastineo was able to see the enemies turn to face him. How were they finding him? The time it took them to aim was enough to grab a smoke grenade, and this time he threw it into the smoke-blocked orange light of their fire. Thank God they made the mistake of building the flames too big, he barely had to aim.
Before anyone could pull a trigger, the grenade touched the fire and instantly exploded. A sudden and incredibly thick dark-grey cloud covered the area around the fire, the chemical pocket in the grenade that would burn slowly for a couple of minutes to create smoke having been exposed entirely to extreme heat. It made for a smoke screen that was chokingly thick, leaving no visibility for anyone. Gastineo was holding his breath since the moment he threw the second grenade, but the enemies burst into fits of coughing, gagging, and spitting. He kept moving swiftly towards the heat of the fire in the sight-squelching cloud. As he went, he reached down to his sides, put his middle fingers into little round metal holes on his belt, and pulled out two deadly, steeply-curved knives, each blade only about as long as his palm was wide. They were his preferred method of inflicting death when a bow was not useful.
The hermit kept moving, strafing around the heat of the campfire, listening. The coughing would have been more helpful had the enemies not been so close together, but it was enough to go on. A footstep broke a twig near the hermit, and he extended a hand half-bent at the elbow, knife forward, feeling his way as he kept strafing sideways. When his outreaching hand brushed against clothing, he felt the enemy move to turn, felt more clothing, and realized that he had touched an elbow. Without a sound, Gastineo pulled the person towards himself, slid his arms under the enemy’s armpits, and swiveled violently around.
Gastineo slammed the enemy to the ground, forcing him face first into dirt. There was no time to suffocate him before the smoke thinned, so instead the hermit held him down with one strong hand and a knee, pushed him as hard as possible into the ground, then stabbed him in the back of the neck for an instantaneous death. Three to go, one of them injured with an arrow.
“We have to… get out of… the smoke…” said a woman, each pause giving time for a cough or two.
The voice was enough to pinpoint her, and Gastineo bolted up, sprang towards where he heard it, one hand out again. In three steps, closer to the heat and faded orange light, he touched the woman’s shoulder. It was enough information for the hermit to stab forward, putting himself off balance and extending his arm out as far as he could, aiming for where her neck would be. He slipped a sharp knife into soft flesh, then awkwardly pulled the knife to the side.
The over-extension of his arm meant Gastineo couldn’t do it perfectly, and the woman had moved slightly at his initial touch. Instead of neck, he got more shoulder, and the knife being pulled to the side caused a gash that made her scream, some of her hot blood splashing onto the back of Gastineo’s hand. The hermit tried to regain his balance with a big step forward, but his foot collided with a pile of firewood he saw earlier and forgot about, which sent him reeling to one side.
“He’s here! Next to me!” the woman yelled.
Rather than try again to stay standing, Gastineo threw himself into his lack of balance with his other foot, landing on his side and turning that into a roll. The woman who yelled for help pulled the trigger wildly, a too long burst of gunfire that pelted the ground where he was a moment before. Gastineo got on his knees far smoother than he had any right to, got up and rushed forward to where he saw the smoke-muffled muzzle flash. He guessed correctly and barreled into the side of the woman that fired the rifle, sending her flailing into the campfire after getting close enough to see her eyes fill with panic.
Flames spat, splashed, licked at the body, all as the woman screamed, panicked, and rolled sideways off the fire. Even in this near-pitch blackness it was easy to tell that her clothes were on fire, and would burn themselves onto her skin in seconds. The gut-wrenching screams were loud, but Gastineo still heard footsteps, two sets. The remaining ragged enemies were coming towards where she stood. No surprise they weren’t helping her; Vaiss’s puppets were only given instructions for offense, not preservation.
Gastineo moved quickly to the side and away from the fire, as he knew what was coming next. Both the remaining enemies fired in the direction he was just at, where his momentum stopped after shoving the woman in the flames. Those two spread a wide arc of gunfire even as the burning woman continued to beg and scream and cry for help. The sounds of gunfire masked his movement, and the hermit was able to run around the fire without the need for stealth. He now knew exactly where his remaining enemies were, the flashes from the assault rifle muzzles cutting through the thinning smoke.
Gastineo moved behind the enemies before he began stepping forward again, knives ready. The enemies stopped firing.
“Did we get him?” asked a youthful, slightly feminine male voice to the left of the campfire.
“I don’t see a body. Move up a little, keep looking, maybe he ran off.” The woman’s voice was actually a little deeper than the man’s, and sounded hurt. She must be the one he stuck with an arrow.
The woman was to the right of the flames, near the burned one that had stopped moving, clothes still partially ablaze. The hermit moved in on her, seeing her clearer with every step as the smoke dissipated quickly. The arrow he loosed earlier was sticking out of her right upper arm. As the enemies slowly moved forward, checking for him, Gastineo bent down, picked up a pebble. He tossed it high in the air, towards the trees to the far left, and waited. Just as the two ragged people were inching closer together for safety and were only a couple meters apart, the pebble hit a tree, loud enough to grab the foes’ attention, and they both opened fire toward where they heard the sound, pelting plant life with bullets.
Gastineo ran forward and to the right, to the woman. He got to her in barely two seconds, slipped a hand around her neck, and slit her throat at the same time that he severed her spine near the middle with the other knife. He pulled her body towards him so it wouldn’t noisily thump to the ground, and lay her gently onto her side, her neck gurgling blood onto the ground, her eyes twitching with finality. He got a lot of blood in his hands from having to move her, so he hurriedly wiped his closed fists on her clothing, did the same for his curved blades.
The hermit slipped one knife back into its small holster on his belt, and grabbed a fistful of dirt with the freed up hand. The young man had stopped firing sporadically.
“I don’t… I don’t see anything. Do you?”
The young man turned to look in his remaining comrade’s direction and saw Gastineo clearly. The hermit imagined what the young man saw: an older man built like a former bodybuilder, with brown and black bloodstained hunting clothes, standing over a woman he just killed, ominously lit in a combination of campfire glow and orange sunlight. The hermit threw the dirt at the young man, not hitting him really, but forcing him to close his eyes. Gastineo bolted at him, moving through the airborne dirt he just tossed with speed that few people half his age could match in a spurt.
Gastineo grabbed the young man’s chest to hold him the second he got close enough, then stabbed at his neck and chest while forcing the enemy backwards. The young man tripped, fell, landed hard, and the hermit hastily stabbed two more times at his chest. The victim stopped moving at all, and Gastineo stopped after that. 
Rather than lay quietly, however, the dying man spoke with disturbing clarity, his voice box still intact. “Why… do you fight him?” the young man asked, wheezing.
“Because he must be fought,” answered Gastineo with a shrug, assuming the dying man spoke of Citizen Vaiss.
“No. He must be helped.”
“Only because he made you believe so. I have seen what he does to those who oppose his purpose. Frivolous death.”
“That’s wrong. The Citizen… saved me. He will save all of us fro....”
“He has killed you, son,” Gastineo interrupted, aggravated by the boy’s forced servitude. “Killed you by sending you here to kill me.”
Unable to watch this any longer, Gastineo stabbed the young man in the chest, in the heart, pushing the small blade hard between ribs to get it done. Life leaked out of the unfortunate slave slowly, steadily.
Gastineo sat for a couple of minutes, thinking. Not about anything specific, of course, just meditating, calming himself. The artificial smoke was finally almost entirely gone, with only the overlarge campfire’s rising black plumes filling some of the air. The bodies of the enemies were all visible around the fire. Gastineo sighed.
Then, he noticed an odd glowing object, slightly blue and small. It was near the man he pushed to the ground and stabbed in the back of the neck, a familiar glow. Gastineo got up, walked over to the fading, artificial blue light, and frowned when he saw it just before the glow faded completely.
It was a cuboid object, small, translucent, and with a small sphere of what would be saliva in its center. The blue glow was almost completely gone now. The hermit picked it up, studied it from all angles, held it in a palm and squeezed to get the feel of the material. It was not a counterfeit or copy; this was the real thing. He reached into a pocket of his waist-strapped travel pack, pulled open a hidden zipper, and reached inside. He took hold of his own cuboid and took it out to compare it with the new one he just found. The one he carried with him had a hair sample in it, but it was identical to the one with a sphere of saliva in it in every other way, including a fading glow. This was how they knew he was near the trees at the start of this mess – a wireless, sympathetic link between the devices must have been set up beforehand to point out similar ones nearby.
“So even these are in play now,” Gastineo whispered to himself. “Citizen Vaiss is at last preparing to end his long siege.”
The hermit looked around, deeper into the trees, finding where he guessed the enemies would have come from. He saw a few broken branches, the start of an easily spotted trail. With this cuboid in hand, he knew how his enemies got here so suddenly, so quietly, and he had to reach it swiftly.
“Good. I am tired of waiting, of learning, of listening. I will, at last, join the fray.” He said that more to the memory of his deceased friend, Saint Lonoj Ornadais, than to himself.
Gastineo put away the cuboids, picked up his bow and quiver, and walked back towards the trail. He ignored the bodies that had to be left behind; there would be many more corpses soon.



Chapter 17: Hyugesten’s Husband


The team arrived at the outlying warehouses a few minutes after speeding past the wheat farms, the sky fully black and empty by the time they got there. After the trolley stopped at the end of tracks meant for freight trains, Dastou ordered the low-ranks to steal a truck, and they went to the task quickly. Meanwhile in a security office that now featured a knocked out guard in a corner, Saan-Hu made a call to Hyugesten, the fishing town they were headed to. She requested that the two spies planted there get a boat ready for a long voyage as soon as they could, and to also have a vehicle capable of fast, safe travel on rugged terrain prepped. The automobile was for Saan’s group to take to Nebasht, a four day drive from the village, and they needed something tough since they wouldn’t be able to take normal roads or follow supply rails. Tryst would be keeping an eye out for reports of missing or stolen vehicles, especially since he was no doubt working for or with Citizen Vaiss, so the spies would take care of all that by buying the boat and rover at “give it to me right now and shut your mouth” prices, or modifying existing equipment.
Dastou heard the newly stolen cargo truck roll up to the free standing security structure the call to the spies was being made in, and the horn honked loudly. Before the Saint could reprimand the privates for making unnecessary noise, Evara opened the door of the concrete mini-building, stepped inside, and waved cheerily at the group.
“He didn’t need to honk,” Evara said, glowering at the half-open door behind her before putting her attention to Dastou. “But the area’s clear, sir, nothing going on at all.”
“Good,” said Dastou. “Who’s driving?”
The Saint assumed he’d have to take the wheel of the manual transmission cargo truck due to lack of experience on everyone else’s part. He’d have to drive it himself to make sure…
“Goner’s at the wheel,” Evara said, interrupting the Saint’s thought. “He can handle it pretty well, so we’ll make good time shooting straight to Hyugesten.”
“Since when do first-years get manual truck driving lessons?” asked Nes.
When Evara didn’t answer immediately, Saan, the only one sitting down since she had been making the call to the spies, chimed in. “They do not. I would bet they stole one of the utility vehicles from the Academy garage and learned to handle it.”
Dastou narrowed his eyes at Evara.
“We’re not the only ones that do it!” Evara said defensively. 
“I know,” said Saan. “You are simply the only ones I have yet to catch in the act.”
“Well... I’ll punish you later or something,” said Dastou, waving a hand to dismiss the discussion. “It’s two hours from here to the town, let’s go.”
Evara turned, opened the door, and left the room slightly faster than she entered.
*****
Goner drove the whole way while Evara sat in the cargo truck’s passenger seat. Everyone else sat in the back. Dastou was surprised that Saan, despite her obsession with efficiently packing her small shoulder pack full of necessities, managed to find space for a deck of cards in there under the scalpels. Dastou joined her, Nes, Trenna, and Crawford in playing a few rounds of six-card kilter as they sat in the cargo section, all in some degree of discomfort.
While the games were played, Dastou decided to debrief the newcomers about everything that happened in the underground cathedral and monastery. After Nes’s over-dramatic harrowing tale of strength and survival during the ambush – really, he was a trained soldier with near-perfect equipment, what chance did some hypnotized civvies have? – Dastou got started with how he faked getting a beatdown and left a trail. When he got to the part about leaving a ripped piece of his jacket behind, Evara and Goner laughed uncontrollably in the front bench seat. Dastou couldn’t help it and began to snicker, Nes and Saan were chuckling a little bit, and even Crawford was desperately holding back laughter. Trenna didn’t get the joke, and when the twins finally quieted a little, Dastou explained.
“Sorry, Trenna,” he said. “It’s an old joke.”
“The… ripped jacket?” she asked, referring back to the last thing the Saint said.
“No kidding!” said Goner, twisting his head a little so he could just make out those in the back despite the fact that he was driving. “That’s children’s story type stuff. Ripped clothing leading to a trail? Man, that is truly, truly ridiculous.” The boy suppressed another fit of laughter as he faced forward again.
“That doesn’t really happen?” asked Trenna earnestly.
“Heh, no,” said Dastou. “Trails are more complex than an incredibly coincidental bit of fabric laid out within view. It is, and I mean this absolutely literally, the last thing we teach in that regard.”
“Honestly,” said Saan, “most instructors do not bother actually teaching it anymore. They throw it in as a joke on the last day of Basic Tracking. I was stressed at the time, so I didn’t have the time to take in the laughable nature of it.”
Dastou noticed that Saan made a rare conjunction in the last sentence with the word “didn’t.” Either she was extremely tired, or overly relaxed.
“I sort of noticed it after Trenna pointed it out,” said Nes, “but there was also blood, so you know. Priorities.”
Dastou shook his head, smiling. “Alright, alright. Back to story time…”
The Saint continued the debriefing, going through everything point by point, with interjections by Saan and Nes from their view. They did their best to match timelines and events, and got everything wrapped up neatly when they started talking about how Vaiss had hypnotized Saan and Nes into almost killing each other. There was no laughter at that, just a quiet awe at the level of their enemy’s skill. The silence was broken when Goner called loudly into the back of the truck.
“Two minutes to Hyugesten’s edge,” said the boy.
“In the kits, everybody,” ordered Dastou.
The group in the back got what they took out of travel kits back into their respective packs. Cards were put away, the water bottles from Evara’s fully-stocked kit were returned, and Nes put away Goner’s long-barreled, big scoped, dangerous-looking sniper rifle; he’d been looking it over since Goner took a shot in Stone-State and it had to be checked after any use when time was available. That type of bolt-action rifle was extremely reliable, but procedure was procedure. The corporal also put away his own assault rifle, which had seen much more use and needed to be inspected, and reloaded; a more complete cleaning could be done soon where there was more space to let the strong fumes of the cleaning chemicals dissipate safely. Dastou had busied himself double-checking everyone’s throat mics and rearranging frequencies so they wouldn’t be using the same ones they normally did. Their regular communication channels were standardized and listed in the Caravan’s operating files, so Citizen Vaiss would have them – and so would Stone-State.
Just when they were ready, Goner stopped the truck calmly, the brakes squeaking lightly. The truck was at a halt, the engine running, and nobody got out. According to Crawford’s watch, it was nearly ten o’clock, just in time to meet “Husband” at the city limits. 
Husband, as he was called to avoid using his real name, was not really a soldier. He was too benevolent for it, and so was his wife. The couple met in the Academy and bonded over their performances in certain aspects of their education, including the fact that the only classes they didn’t do terribly in were psychology related – in which they both scored through the roof. They had passed beyond being freshmen only barely, but were doing not very well after only a month into their second years.
At that point, Dastou decided to take them on as a personal project, creating a new curriculum as an experiment. He lowered their number of military focused courses by two-thirds, and created a philosophy course, the first of its kind. The type of discussions held in that class were not part of a “normal” education as controlled by the Social Cypher, reserved for private meetings between friends and colleagues. Husband, Wife, and six others were the only students in the odd new set of classes, and the Saint became personally involved in nearly every facet of refining the program. By the time a third year rolled around, the eight handpicked students were doing well, and Dastou added in a few more course changes: hand-to-hand combat, small arms weaponry, subterfuge, negotiation, data mining. This was the start of the Davranis Security Force’s spy program.
Husband and Wife, their real names redacted from the registry of the school after their graduation into the DSF proper and now actually married, were sent to Hyugesten to make a life for themselves, their background stories concocted and perfected beforehand. Those two are part of a worldwide network of information gatherers that only a dozen other people know from top to bottom.
Dastou could do a lot with his own skills, but when it came to knowing as much as he could about world events or helping his agents sneak around, he needed good, well-trained moles. And not just the small number of trained spies; he needed civilian help. Some people could be convinced to help by introducing them to the Academy, the DSF its students graduated into, and their purpose to study then ultimately break away from the Cypher. Others just wanted good old-fashioned bribes. The Saint, to put it simply, was totally, undeniably opulent and could pay an exorbitant amount for someone to turn snitch. As a precaution, all those civilians were hypnotized into being unable to reveal the fact that they were a mole even by accident. Hypnotizing someone into doing something they normally wouldn’t do was dangerous for all involved, but bribing someone into compliance and creating a minor suggestion that kept their mouths shut? Far easier. Dastou metaphorically patted himself on the shoulder after the spy network was in place a little over two years ago, even if he didn’t have too much use for it at the time.
“Leave the lights on and let’s climb out,” said Dastou. “Husband should be near.”
All seven of them got out, stepping into cool night air. It was early fall in this part of the world, still warm enough to not require heavier garments in the day, but they had not expected to be out this late. Trenna was holding herself close, the chill too much for her long-sleeve shirt under a T-shirt outfit. Dastou was about to order Crawford to give her his long white lab coat just to be a jerk when a voice spoke up from the shadows behind a sign that said “Welcome To Hyugesten!”
“I have something for the civilian. Here.”
Husband had a practiced half-formed local accent. He walked out of the shadows behind the welcome sign with a thick green jacket in his hand that looked to be about Trenna’s size. The man was not so young, having been one of the older recruits to the Academy at the time of his entry. In his early thirties, it was easy to tell even in the bounced light of the truck’s lowbeams that he had a healthy tan and a handsome, close-trimmed, auburn beard. 
He held the jacket out to Trenna. She had been surprised by the voice, and stood still as a statue for a few seconds too long. Husband simply kept his hand out, waiting for her to take it and not moving any closer. Trenna finally snapped out of her minor paralysis and looked at Nes, who was next to her. He was calm and gave a trivial shrug, to which she responded by slowly taking the piece of gifted clothing.
“Thank you,” she said meekly, then put on the jacket as the others gathered close enough to Husband to make it incredibly obvious they were planning something illicit.
“Welcome, miss,” said Husband before turning his eyes towards the Saint. “Sir, a pleasure.”
“I doubt you entirely mean that,” said Dastou. “I know how early you have to be up for your work here, so I apologize for keeping you up so late.”
“How formal,” Husband said with a charming smile. “You are calling on us late, but neither I nor Wife mind much. Nice bit of excitement to spice up our week.”
When Husband spoke, there was an even calmness to everything he said, as if he was trying to keep away anything too revealing out of his voice. It made people suspicious of him at first, but he had an honest smile and a clear way of dealing with people, so after not too long he could earn anyone’s trust.
“Good to hear,” said Dastou. “Are we ready?”
“I already have an all-terrain fueled up and full of supplies,” said Husband. “You can take it anytime from my second garage.”
“Wow, already?” said Nes. “You, sir, are resourceful.”
Husband nodded proudly. “I thank you, young corporal.” He looked at Dastou. “The boat you wanted will not be ready until morning. It was a little harder to start putting that together, but you’ll be pleased, I’m sure.”
“None of us will leave until then anyway,” said Dastou. “We need sleep, some a lot more desperately than others. The privates will switch out for watch duties while the rest of us double check on our wounds and rest.”
“I had a feeling you wouldn’t be leaving at all tonight,” said Husband, “and that you wouldn’t want to go to the local inn, being on the run and all. I’ve made my house available and ready for you to rest in. I started dinner before leaving to for here and it should be close to done when you get there.”
Dastou’s stomach grumbled. They had each eaten a couple of rations on the truck ride here, but that wasn’t much and it certainly didn’t taste like real food. The thought of a home cooked meal was making the Saint salivate.
“I think,” said Nes, “that rumble in his tummy meant ‘thank, you, kind gentleman.’”
Husband smiled wide and kind at that and pointed to a particular building at the edge of Hyugesten, a wooden structure thirty meters away. “I have a safe, scouted route back to my home that starts from behind that building, marked with blue chalk.” He stopped pointing. “Go on ahead. I’ll be there soon after, but I’ll have to hide this truck first.”
Dastou nodded, clapped Husband on the shoulder, and led the way into the fishing town.
*****
The last chunk of the day was nice and busy once they reached Husband’s home. Dastou and Nes inspected got started in the attached two-car garage, inspecting the boxy all-terrain that was meant for the westerly trip to visit the Ko Monasi isolationist clan; Trenna, Crawford, and Saan worked in the kitchen to get their meal for the night ready and prepare something for the road; Goner and Evara went onto the slanted roof to scout the town. Husband would have done that before leaving to meet them, but it was part of standard routines and the privates stuck to it, this being their first mission. There was electronic surveillance keeping an eye on the house, so none of the privates would lose any sleep on watch duty.
Wife, according to her own cheery accounts, was not a very good cook. Therefore, Husband had actually prepared everything and told her how to finish things off, and there was a sizeable supper ready when Dastou walked with Nes back into the house. Everyone was eating in the living room when Husband returned from hiding the truck, the dining room being far too small for them all – and at the moment full of combat packs. The story of what happened today was recounted again for the spies, and Dastou was able to add in a handful of details he forgot about in his part of it. The Saint had a feeling he’d have to tell this story a lot in person, so it almost felt like rehearsal.
At around midnight, the meal was done, the travel packs filled and organized, and everyone went to bed. Dastou changed their departure time to nine in the morning so they could all fully rest. 
When everyone else was asleep, Dastou had Husband show off the monitoring station in the basement, Wife keeping an eye out so no one walked into the subterranean space. The house was completely monitored on the outside, four monitors split into four sections showing every inch of visible area at once, and three servers kept backups of the footage. That backup system was far too much for sleepy Hyugesten, and was in truth meant to function as this continent’s main communications core for DSF purposes. Any information agents collected on the Social Cypher for most of the continent was delivered here, backed up, then deleted once those agents later confirmed their arrival at the Academy complex.
A big portion of the Thousand Kilo Shore could be monitored from here using wide-field cameras on Husband’s fishing boats. This continent, Horebaxi, and the landmass across the Baritr ocean to the east, Davranis, featured numerous valuable shipping lanes, docks, and the re-appropriated underwater tube rails used for the Caravan. Keeping an eye on all of that, even casually, was essential. The Thousand Kilo Shore had Husband and Wife for that, and Silverline, Davranis’s coastal range, was partially monitored by the DSF itself, partially by other sources of information.
The Tribelands to the far east was full of clans, nearly a dozen different groups of people, some nomadic and some stationary, but no Cypher activity so no need for in-depth monitoring. Dastou did a lot of trade with clans over there, and those friendly relationships were enough to make sure he could buy all the information he needed without the need for electronic surveillance.
 “Sir, now that you are here in person,” said Husband, no less charming than he’d been all evening, but with an air of apprehension added on top, “I have to tell you that we’ve seen some odd activity lately.”
“You could’ve told me through a coded message,” said Dastou. “I was at the embassy nearby, didn’t you know? I always have Saan inform all my moles about similar meetings.”
“No idea,” Husband replied, shaking his head. “I was forced cut off all communication a month ago, so her message would have been deleted instantly on arrival.”
Dastou blinked. “Why?”
“Someone is looking for spies,” Husband said bluntly.
Dastou looked at him squarely, raising an eyebrow. “Are they looking for you specifically?”
“No. They couldn’t be,” said Husband, falsely abashed. “I was born only fifty miles away. I visit my parents every other weekend, when my assistants are busy with repairs to my fishing boats.”
“Yes, of course,” Dastou said, smiling while recounting some of his spy’s cover story with a dramatic vocal flourish. “A native from a local farm, home-schooled, and so on.”
“Exactly, and the contact lenses seal the deal,” Husband said while tapping the ocular bone to the side of one eye, grinning.
His eyes were, right now, a deep blue, but were actually a dull blue-grey when not being hidden by false coloring. The Saint was quite proud of that trickery, as it was his idea to hide entourage members from public scrutiny with contact lenses even before he started thinking about building a school and expanding the number of people with attention-grabbing eyes.
“But they’ve been looking for a while now,” Husband continued. “Thankfully, they aren’t very good at it. People pretending to be on vacations and asking bold questions like ‘so, I bet y’all don’t get many new people around here year to year, am I right?’” He asked, slathering an extra thick midland Horebaxi accent on the quoted question.
Dastou shook his head in shame. “Amateurs. Admittedly we’re amateurs too, looking at how long we’ve been doing this.”
“But at least we’re good amateurs,” said Husband in his normal half-accent. “Wife took maybe five minutes to carve out more information from the last dolt than he was trying to get from her.”
“Oh?”
“Mm-hm. From what she could tell of them and another pair, the people were all from Stone-State. References to the city in their conversations were easy to pick out. But recently they had been elsewhere, for at least two years. Those aforementioned references were exactly two years out of date. Again, easy for her to figure out.”
“When did these spy hunters start showing up?”
“To figure that out, we headed north and then south to the next towns over. We got fishermen and dock workers drinking and laughing and talking all about the annoying folk that came around. All together, the spy searching started at least six months ago.”
“Six months!?” asked Dastou in a loud whisper after forcing his volume down past the first syllable.
Husband chuckled at the awkwardness of the drop in speaking tone and pointed at the ceiling of the basement. “Soundproofing. Hidden in the ceiling. The servers wouldn’t be able to secretly run diagnostics otherwise – loud as can get when they’re doing that.”
“Yeah, I know. Forgot for a second.”
“Understandable, sir. In any case, yes, six months. It stopped two weeks ago, and since I cut contact for safety I couldn’t try and figure out why. Is there significance to that timing?”
Dastou thought back. “There is. My last visit to the unfinished embassy before it opened. Heh, someone in Stone-State was trying to find spies, and gave it up when the embassy officially opened. Lack of manpower, possibly.”
“Sir… I’d say a lack of manpower is not entirely why they stopped looking due to the other bit of news I have for you.”
“Husband, I’m starting to think you do too thorough of a job here. You’re supposed to take away my worries, not add to them exponentially.”
“Oh, exponentially is dead on in this case. After the spy searching stopped, I went farther north, a few hundred kilos, ostensibly looking for new locations for expansion of the fishing business. Somewhere to build anew.”
“Well aren’t we entrepreneurial.”
“Yes, sir, quite. Wife and I went much further north on the Thousand Kilo Shore than we had to, and a little too far inland. Tracking some odd series of noises, we found people marching, heading to the cold northeast of Horebaxi, toward the lakes.”
Dastou was baffled by the term “marching,” and in his head all he imagined was a bunch of people moving in the same direction on a busy street. Something like the Davranis Central marketplaces, but all the people going in the same direction very orderly. Then he remembered that his students were actually taught to march sometime in their second year. He thought it was useless, but one of his predecessors for some reason wrote out how to do it in a book and Dastou didn’t feel like editing it out when he converted the whole thing to a training guide.
“Marching… like us?”
“Yes,” Husband said tersely, a worried expression on his face. “They wore uniforms.”
“Let me guess,” said the Saint, rubbing the bridge of his nose between thumb and index finger and closing his eyes for a second, “blue cloth, white trim, gold badges or tags.”
Husband tilted his head in surprise, folding his arms across his chest. “Exactly right. Run into them?”
“At the embassy, when Jandal Tryst tried to arrest us. The guards wore those same damn uniforms.” Dastou sighed. “How many did you see?”
“Thirty in the first platoon we caught a glimpse of.” Dastou sighed again before Husband continued. “Three more platoons during the two days we stayed watching, the platoons all spaced evenly, the same size, coming exactly twelve hours apart.”
Dastou took a long, deep breath, and exhaled. “Four platoons,” he said. “One-hundred-and-twenty people. The beginning of an army. And that’s only what you saw of them.”
“Worse yet,” Husband said, heaping more wood onto this fire, “once eighteen hours passed, we figured no more were coming and risked going directly onto their trail to look for indications as to who these people were. We found some pieces of paper stomped into the dirt: the marching orders. They were signed by Jandal Tryst himself, your new good friend, and half of the other new reps for Stone-State as witnesses.”
Husband dug into a pants pocket, pulled out a twice-folded piece of paper, and handed it to Dastou. The Saint read it aloud:
This is a decree from your chosen leadership, the Stone-State Council, written by Councilor Jandal Tryst.
My soldiers, we are now at the point of moving forward. The line has been crossed by Saint Cosamian Dastou, as I predicted, and we now act in return. More of what we must do will be forthcoming, but for now these are your orders.
Platoons A and B: stay at Site Tarrib and prepare all vehicles.
Platoons C through F: march to Site Tarrib by foot, and await further instruction.
Platoons G and H: Wait two days after previous, prepare vehicles and use as needed to get to Site Tarrib.
Platoons I through P: Wait twelve hours after previous in Stone-State, then use remaining vehicles to go to Site Tarrib.
Further orders will be given upon arrival of all soldiers.
Thank you all, your hard work in this grand effort will be remembered forever in this new history we are at the forefront of.
Dastou finished reading it without bothering to look at the signatures, then laughed softly.
“I… oh, I don’t think this could be funnier if they tried,” he said, gathering himself, but unable to stop smiling. “This is serious? You’re not playing a joke on me?”
“No, sir. Not this time.”
“This… It isn’t even coded! It just flat-out states where they’re going, when they’re going, how many are going, in general terms anyway.”
“No, in precise terms. As you have said, these people don’t know how to use code or variance, so I’ll bet everything I own that each platoon is exactly thirty including commanders. Therefore, Four-hundred-and-eighty total.”
Dastou stopped himself from laughing again when folding the note and handing it out to Husband, who refused it with an outturned palm.
“It’s fine. I have six more.”
This time, Dastou giggled like a little girl. “This army may be big, as compared to any other organized fighting force, but they are truly, truly pathetic. Heck, the only thing Tryst kept secret in this missive was what they’re doing after they met up. Actually, I’m surprised he didn’t write that on here.”
“It’s a bold statement on how confident they are. Maybe they have reason to be.”
“It’s probably just the four-hundred-eighty ‘soldiers’ that gives them the confidence when compared to what they must guess are our numbers. Citizen Vaiss is making sure that even if the DSF and Academy were ready, he could use his forces under the Stone-State banner to crush us. That vocally-talented bastard wasn’t joking when he said he’d destroy us to get data on the Cypher.”
“What do you think Site Tarrib is?” said Husband, repeating the name of the meeting place mentioned in Tryst’s missive.
“An obvious encryption for Baritr.” said the Saint, naming the ocean that was so close he could vaguely hear waves lapping against the shore only a kilometer away. “So somewhere near the far north lakes, where it’s too cold and too empty of important resources for the Social Cypher to modernize. It’s getting to be almost tragic how much I didn’t know was going on, though.”
“Well, at least you know more now. Better than nothing, I’d say.”
The Saint took a deep breath, thought about all those soldiers being convinced or hypnotized into thinking he’s their enemy, and then remembered that moronic note. He giggled again. Lastly, remembering the promised payment, Dastou fished into an inside pocket and removed three eyeball-sized, deep yellow stones. He put one back and held two out for Husband to take.
“Two, sir?” Husband said incredulously. He still took them and put them away despite the criticism.
The yellow stones he gave Husband were exceedingly rare. So much so that one of them could buy most of the town of Hyugesten and rebuild it top to bottom without blinking an eye. Breaking them up could be done only with more of the same stone – which was a secondary reason he gave two of them away – the smaller bits traded slowly and secretly. Who knew when Dastou would be able to return here, and giving his western spy master leniency to be independent had, within a day, suddenly become a top priority.
“Two,” Dastou confirmed. “I won’t have time to go back and get any more, and I want you as prepared as possible for the future here. Don’t go crazy or anything, but get things going how you see fit to possibly supply several more spies for the area, maybe a few normal agents on occasion.”
 “Stepping up your presence, I see,” said Husband.
“That and giving you a lot more rope on your leash.”
Husband raised an eyebrow at that phrasing.
“Don’t give me that, you know what I mean,” said Dastou. “It occurs that I might have to be less and less directly involved with a lot of DSF details if I’m to fend off enemy after enemy. I leave the Thousand Kilo Shore entirely in your capable hands, Hubby.”
Husband smiled, nodded graciously, and tapped the pants pocket he put the big stones in before leading the way back up the stairs.
*****
Nes and Saan slept on a foldout couch, Goner in a loveseat, Evara on the couch, Crawford on two thick blankets on the floor next to Trenna, who lay on one blanket despite additional ones folded nearby; maybe she was simply used to roughing it. All of them were on the first floor of the big house in case they needed to exit quickly. Dastou stepped over a dozing Crawford before glancing out a window to see some of the quiet fishing village and a chunk of the pure black sky that was long ago nicknamed “the void.”
Dastou sat in the second loveseat, reserved for him, and fluffed the throw pillow he would lay his head on. He sat down gingerly, the adrenaline in his system down to normal, making him notice every single inch of stiffness and aching muscle all over his body, more in number than he remembered. The furnace and servers were turned off to keep the house as quiet as possible, so the Saint pulled up the spare blanket he was given – apparently part of being a spy was having a dozen extra blankets – to guard against a chill.
The Saint shifted in the loveseat, got more comfortable, cursed in his head for half a minute at the sutures in his side, then dozed off faster than he had in quite a while. He dreamt of random things, of old friends, of constellations he hadn’t seen in sixteen years. At one point he saw someone he loved smiling sideways at him as she lay by his side. The girl nestled her head into his bare shoulder, her light skin against his dark, whispered three wonderful words to him, which he couldn’t hear over the dreamy wind coming through a window. It was alright: he knew what she said, and he knew she’d say it often, until the fall.



Chapter 18: Home, Hunting, Hallelujah


The smell of baking bread filled the air, sweet, doughy, and almost entirely unhealthy. Roasted fish was also being cooked somewhere, probably outdoors. This part of Horebaxi was consistently warm, so cooking outdoors was not at all unusual. The smells shouldn’t have been that strong, and she realized her windows had been opened; the familiar white noise of ocean crashing against shore mingled itself into all those wonderful smells.
“Time for lessons, Troublemaker,” groaned a thick, hoarse, deep voice. It was Uncle June. He was early. “Get up, get cleaned, get dressed, get geared. You know how it goes.”
“Not today,” Saan-Hu pleaded in a sticky, whiny morning voice, covering up her head with her second feather pillow. “Please? I stayed up too late last night.”
“Hmph,” grunted Uncle June disapprovingly, but you could hear the humor in that version of his grumble. “Hanging out with your towner buddies? Doing what? I’m going to guess… stealing. What would your mother say if I told her?”
That got Saan awake very fast. The girl sat up in bed with a start, the second pillow accidentally flung away to hit a wall in her small bedroom with a dull thump. Uncle June stood next to Saan’s bed, arms at his hips, looking down with that ever-present humor in his eyes. He was tall, with short dark-blonde hair stirring thanks to wind from the window he opened. He had lightly tanned skin, and towered over the scrawny twelve-year-old girl. His shape was lithe, sinewy some called it, mostly the women who looked at him with hungry, half-lidded eyes. He was an incredible surfer and almost as good of a bowman, and insisted on being the one to teach Saan the latter.
“No, no, no!” Saan said too loud, and put her hands over her mouth in surprise at her volume. She continued far quieter than before. “Don’t tell her, please, please don’t tell her. She has no idea…”
Saan cut herself off, stared at June. The haze of too little sleep was driven away by the thought of getting into a lot of trouble. Now that she was very suddenly fully aware, she realized that he should not have known where she was last night. Saan was indeed “hanging out” with the boys from the town up north. Her beachside tribe village was part of the Ko Monasi clan, meaning they were isolationists and insisted on living as free from the taint of the Social Cypher as possible, so she was very much not allowed to have friends from the “unclean” world.
Saan tried to keep contact with Uncle June’s eyes and failed, looking down at her sheets, all pastel green, her favorite color. “How’d you know?”
“I was told by someone. He came to visit yesterday and happened to mention it to me. Or at least he mentioned that you had done it before. I only guessed that you did it yesterday, as well.”
“Visited,” Saan said, again confused. Then it clicked, and she spoke with a grimace. “The Saint. No one else new came into town yesterday. He told you.”
“Yes, it was him,” June said, smirking.
“Why?” said Saan, her face screwed up and tight with annoyance. She found that she couldn’t easily let it relax when talking about the Polluted One. “What did he have to do with me? Why’d he have to tell you?”
“Full of vigor all of a sudden, I see. Well, let’s hope you can use that in the field later.”
Saan lifted both hands, fisted them, and quickly slammed them down pointlessly onto her soft mattress and sheets, but still kept her voice low to keep her mother from hearing. “Stupid Saint! He’s gonna get me in trouble!”
“Oh, it’s his fault you did what you did?” June said almost musically. “You’re not in trouble yet, not real trouble unless you count how much I’m going to grind you to dust the rest of the week for it. And calm down about Saint Dastou, he’s not so bad.”
“How can you say that about a thing that’s part of the Cypher!? I can’t believe he told on me, like I’m some… some…”
“Some kid?”
Saan grunted angrily.
“Hmmm,” June started. “Who told you to hate him?”
“I just… do.” She knew that was a pathetic answer and was deflated after giving it.
“Because others deride him,” said Uncle June, his tone changing to a teacher’s inflection. “Who told you the Saints are a part of the infrastructure system?”
“I’m not dumb!” complained Saan, regaining her petulance. She hated being talked down to. “I hear people say it. Mom. The chiefs.”
Uncle June sighed with a laugh, then sat at the edge of the bed, making it creak a little. He spoke in his normal tone of voice now, the exaggerated educator’s cadence gone. “You trust me, I know you do, and I know you will take me at my word just like I don’t take you at yours sometimes. You really are a terrible liar, by the way. Don’t know how your mom can’t tell.”
Saan laughed, the small smile on her face distinctly different that the tight, muscle-straining grimace she had a moment before. She met his eyes again. “Yeah, what a shock.”
Uncle June smiled, warm like sunshine and just as genuine. “But the point is that you trust me, you know I wouldn’t lie to you, and I have something I should tell you.” He looked away, took a deep breath, and Saan’s smile faded. He took another deep breath, looked back at her.
“Uncle… is something wrong?”
“Hah!” he laughed. “No, not even close, kid. Something is incredibly right, actually.” Uncle June, as usual, looked all around, only making eye-contact when he felt like it. She’d noticed she started picking up that habit, which irritated her mother, but she didn’t care too much about that. “Look. Just… alright, may as well just say the damn thing.”
She moved to sit on the edge of the bed now, too, instead of simply sitting up. This was always a better position for lessons, sitting next to him as he spoke, and Saan felt like that’s what was coming. So, she stayed quiet, waiting for the always joyous Uncle June to say something so serious he hesitated.
“Look. Saan. The Saints… they’re not part of the Social Cypher like you think, not at all. I talked to Saint Dastou yesterday when he came to visit, like I told you. We ate together after he left a sudden meeting with the chiefs, while you were out playing.”
Saan was a little grossed out. “You talked with him? Shared a meal with him?”
Uncle nodded. “I shared a meal with him and his mentor a few years before, too, if I’m coming clean about things. It was the day you passed your apprenticeship nomination.”
The smile wouldn’t come back to Saan, so she settled for a curious impassivity – it was at least more comfortable than the constant sneer she wanted to keep on while this subject was being talked about.
“How did you know him and his mentor from so long ago?”
“Long?” June said after a too-loud guffaw. “That was three years ago, kid. Sure, that’s a quarter slice of your life, but not a long time when you’re grown.”
“Percentages.”
“Percentages,” Uncle June repeated with a sideways nod. “Anyhow, my older brother is a member of an entourage, so I’m connected to the Sainthood through that.”
“An older brother? No one’s mentioned that at all. I thought you only had the little sister and your baby brother, my dad.”
June raised an eyebrow, looked at her sideways. “Yes, your father and my sister would be the only ones anyone talks about for a very good reason. We’re Ko Monasi, and my big brother is in an entourage. Take a stab in the dark at what happened.”
Saan-Hu waited a moment, thought about it, then answered: “Excommunicated.” It was the worst punishment given by their clan. “Exiled and banned from returning.”
June nodded slowly. “My brother and I make arrangements to see each other on occasion to catch up. Secretly, of course.”
“Obviously,” agreed Saan, still only muttering.
“So, I’m known to that group thanks to my brother, and Saint Dastou sought me out when he came to visit Nebasht yesterday. We ended up talking for a while, first about my brother, what he’d been doing since his patron Saint died two years ago. Then more.”
Saan still couldn’t believe it; talking to a Saint, an unclean monster according to everyone she knew and respected. Except for Uncle June it seemed. He never did have much of anything to say if talk turned toward the Sainthood. Most of the time, she now realized, he politely exited the conversation with some excuse or another. Others always gave him strange looks when that happened, though she assumed it was because they thought he was rude.
June continued after a short pause. “Saint Dastou’s a nice guy. Gloomy, too, that was easy to tell. He talked with me for a few hours, almost as if he hadn’t talked to anyone seriously in a long time.”
“A few hours?” Saan whispered, as if her favorite person in the world was revealing to her that he had an incurable disease rather than a chat with another person.
“Yeah,” Uncle June said. “He seemed a little lonely, troubled, worried. Just like anyone would be with some of the stuff he told me about his life. Never too many details, he made sure of that. I could tell one thing: he was incapable of being dishonest for the sake of it. Everything he told me was the absolute truth. It was strange.”
“Strange that he told the truth?”
“No, no. I’ve only met three Saints: my brother’s mentor, Dastou’s mentor, and Dastou. They all seemed almost ridiculously honest. What was strange was how he had changed. I told you I met him before, and he was a kid, thirteen I think. He was brash, confident, but funny and kind. Yesterday? He seemed muted. He still had his humor, and we enjoyed joking around, but it was like he was forcing it. Like he wanted to enjoy himself completely and couldn’t get there.”
Saan was speechless. She felt that way a couple of times in her life, too. Specifically when her own father died a few years ago. She felt lost, confused, angry at everything including herself but trying to pretend as if she wasn’t. She felt hollow.
“Did… someone he cared about die?” she heard herself asking, almost without thinking.
“I’m guessing yes. The way he talked, he was doing a lot of things on his own, and last I heard from my brother, he was starting some kind of school with his mentor, Saint Ornadais. Now it looks like that Saint is no longer there. I’m thinking that’s who passed away.”
A mentor. Essentially a father-figure. Saint Dastou lost that and now he’s empty like she was. Saan winced – just from this conversation with her uncle, she had started to think of the Saint as a person instead of a horrible living taboo. Uncle June, manipulative teacher that he was, smiled at her, knowing what her state of mind was leading her into thinking.
“I have decided I’m busy right now,” said Uncle June. “Meet me at the grounds in an hour.” He walked out the room with no more words and no backwards glances, softly opening and closing her bedroom door, which featured flowers she smeared on by hand when she was six on light green paint.
The time Uncle June gave her was outrageously generous. It would have only taken her twenty minutes to get ready even at a casual pace. He was leaving her alone, undistracted, knowing she’d end up thinking about what he said. About Saint Dastou’s hollowness, his sadness. About how he was an honest, broken person. About how he was a person.
She heard a wolf or something like it howl nearby, which was odd. When she started wondering what would happen if the wolves that inhabited the depths of the nearby forest decided to come into town…
*****
Saan was confused. Eyes still closed, she wondered why her soft bed was now hard as a rock. She took a deep breath, smelled grass and trees and an undertone of lingering wood smoke. Water rushed nearby, but different than the calm, dangerous deadpan of the sea near her beach village of Nebasht.  Then in a rush, it all flooded in. The daytime drives, the nighttime camps in the river valley. Her three travel companions. She opened her eyes, grimaced at the early morning sun that hit her sight hard, and kept her eyelids open only a slit.
The world was sideways because that’s how she lay. The still-healthy but yellowing dew-coated grass looked taller than it was, the trees behind them crossing her vision left to right. The water she heard was the sound of a short, shallow tributary, a branch of the huge Hodenaxi River. The waterway was closer to her feet than her head, at most twenty paces away. Like the other nights, they camped north of the water but close to it, their all-terrain parked further inland, the twins inside this time.
Still getting her head on straight after some sleep and the memory-filled dream, she remembered the night before. They had fresh fish for dinner again, caught and cooked by her, the only one with fishing experience, same as the other two nights. The twins had gone into the forest and found mushrooms, some roots, and herbs to liven it up. The city-boy Nes had the job of maintaining the equipment, which he did admirably, and Saan figured it was at least partially as a thank you for not having to eat rations during this voyage; they always saved part of dinner for the next day’s lunch, only eating the nutritionally ultra-balanced ration bars for breakfast, and only because they devoured Husband’s leftovers the first afternoon for a too-large lunch.
Her mind moved on, to the present. She was on a bedroll, using her folded-up jacket as a pillow. Saan moved her head a bit and her eyes more, and saw the dying campfire and beyond that, Nes. He stood rigid, hands balled into fists at his sides. She was still tired, feeling like she didn’t get enough sleep after her turn at watch, and closed her eyes, now moving to the future and why they were traveling in the first place. Her mind sank at the thought of what she needed to do: ask the Ko Monasi, her people, specifically the chiefs in her hometown, to repay a favor they owed Dastou. She didn’t know what that favor was, though, and had the feeling that if the Saint didn’t bother telling her, he might not know the whole of it either.
But that wasn’t what bothered her; it was the fact that she had to go home, a place she dismissed from her mind as a lost cause when she left to join the Academy. She knew she’d have to go back sooner or later, of course – leaving her mother to know nothing about her seemed cruel. Uncle June was different – he made plans to meet with her and his brother, Uncle Sigrid, a couple times a year. That family connection helped keep her sane during the first months at the school, even if everything else in her life had been cut off so completely. Thinking of her loyal uncles calmed her, and Saan began to drift away.
With her eyes closed and nearly asleep again, she heard Nes moving around in front of her. Then came the unmistakable sounds of a gun being picked up, the safety thumbed off. Saan opened her eyes again and saw Nes standing with his assault rifle in hand, looking into the trees, his back still to her.
Why would he be so… the howling. That’s what woke her up in the first place. Saan sat up on her bedroll like she sat up during that dream of a remembered conversation with Uncle June, with worried shock. Another series of howls came, and it felt like every muscle in her body became tight as a bowstring.
“By the black void not here,” Nes cursed in a shaky whisper. “Not here.”
He probably meant not in a wide open space where the animals could run at the travelers from any and every angle. They were begging to be slaughtered. Saan stood up, faced the same direction as Nes, and looked into deep woods and hills. Her instincts bristled and she turned to see the Stroffs only two strides away; they had the look of interrupted sleep on their faces despite having so skillfully snuck up on her. Goner failed to hide a casual peek at Saan-Hu’s breasts in her tight tank top, and she stared daggers at him for a second, letting him know to be more respectful. She bent down, picked up her folded jack, shook it loose, and slid it on.
The twins’ semi-hushed voices were sharp, clean, and clear. They were spotter and sniper, and they were specifically trained to communicate either as little, as quietly, or as unmistakably as possible.
“What was that?” asked Evara. “That doesn’t sound natural to here, not by a long shot.”
“I damn near wet myself when it blasted through here,” added Goner, keeping his eyes up where they belong. “Whatever those three things are, they make my spine crawl just from the sound.”
“Three,” Saan said, blinking. “How do you know there are three?”
Evara shrugged. “We’re good.”
Nes had turned and come around the dead campfire to the others. “Can you tell where they are?” he asked.
The twins looked at each other, as if calculating without speaking, Goner talking aloud first. “Um… five?” wondered Goner.
“What? No, four,” argued Evara.
“Sounds like five to me.”
Saan was looking back and forth between the Stroffs, and every time she opened her mouth to speak she was interrupted by one of them.
 “Well then, you’re an idiot,” Evara snapped. “It’s four at the outstretch.”
“And the echoes from the mountains?”
 “Mountains?” Evara countered, irritated. “Close to here, they’re more like hills that enjoy a little too much frozen yogurt for dessert. Four.”
“I swear to the living Saint, you’re a dunce,” said Goner. “It’s five. Remember that desert walk, when we were twelve, you swore those bobcats were too far to sense us coming, and you got a bite mark on your leg for it.”
“What? You think I haven’t gotten better at echo location since then? You arrogant, smug…”
“Privates!” called Saan in her best drill sergeant tone of voice, interrupting the girl mid-insult. “I will be the one to decide what’s right. Evara, you say four kilometers, and you’re the spotter, so I’ll trust you.”
Evara turned her face to Goner and stuck her tongue out at him. Saan cleared her throat, and the girl snapped her head to the superior officer when called again. “Evara.”
“Uh…” started the girl, “four kilometers sounds right, maybe just a little more. The echoes traveled through the low valley, so we probably only heard the last of it. I’d say they climbed high before they yowled, too, just for effect, and maybe to throw off any distance calculation we’d make, a good tactic for a predator, but that’s not really gonna fool me.”
Saan was silent for several seconds, ignoring the obvious jab Evara took at her brother, and started thinking, coming up with a plan or…. something.
Goner spoke up to break the silence. “Are those the things that came at you underground, in the monastery? The fasshim or whatever that that Vaiss guy had with him when he took the Caravan?”
“Yes,” Saan-Hu said. “I would remember that sound anywhere. They must have been sent out of the Caravan after you two and Crawford, or maybe let go to chase us down in case we escaped Jandal Tryst’s attempt to arrest us. In any case, we cannot travel further. We are one day from Nebasht and if the fasshim follow us, we will lead them there.”
“Aren’t your people pretty well armed?” asked Nes.
Saan shook her head. “For hunting wild animals. You were with me in the monastery, you know these things are… smarter than that.”
“Still,” continued Nes, “we’re only what, three hundred something kilos away?”
“Three-hundred-and-fifty-seven,” said the Stroffs simultaneously.
“Still creepy,” commented Nes. “But that’s not far, and we have a vehicle that’ll more than likely outrun the things. It doesn’t matter if they’re absurdly smart for animals, it’ll be a village versus three big antelope-bears.”
“And if something goes wrong with our vehicle?” asked Saan rhetorically, knowing that she was in command and was simply explaining the motive for her order rather than debating. “Or we have to take a wide arc while those things cut through the forest, getting there faster than we can? There are too many factors to consider. I will not risk a single man, woman, or child to a surprise assault from these things, so we must take care of them ourselves.”
Nes sighed and nodded his agreement. Saan would know what her people are capable of, after all. Despite the fact that she actually believes the village would be fine in general, the children of Nebasht are allowed to play within supervisory range of the town. Spotters kept an eye out for danger, and her people’s guardians were notoriously skilled, but she had no idea how fast their fasshim enemies could run and hunt. If the animals were too fast and the guardians too slow, a hail of arrows would not reach one of the creatures before it tore into a boy or girl with those frightening, nightmarish teeth of theirs. As she said: too many factors to consider.
Over the course of a few minutes, a hasty plan was put together, and they got to work on implementing it. It was odd to Saan, working so quickly, with such careful attention to team mechanics. Not new, of course. She was Ko Monasi, and therefore trained to hunt animals for survival from a young age, and mostly in teams. The Stroffs were Xaneefa, from the central Tribeslands, and were also taught to hunt. Nes’s lack of experience was cut away in the Stone-State subway hub, so he was working smoothly, as well, despite not knowing anything about hunting and clearly not looking forward to conflict. There was no substitute for experience or long-term breaking-in, and as she worked on her aspects of the plan to stop the fasshim, she wondered how well other students or agents would fare, almost all of whom came from Cypher-built cities. She lost herself in thinking of how to improve that situation within the Academy, and before she knew it, an hour had gone and by and they were almost ready.
*****
Now on the south side of the river water for the sake of their plan, Saan sat with her back against a boulder that was out of place at the top of a short hill that itself sat up against the tributary. The big rock was placed there as a marker when a path through the forested west was being designated by Saints Avrazi Keymeign and Breddis Gosch so long ago. On their second trip here, after polishing the maps, the pair brought their entourages. With a large contingent of associates to help, wooden machines were built to bring large stones from other parts of the mountain range, with rampant betting about whose entourage was better making the task of marking the roads take less than a year. Now it was just a place where the staff sergeant could cower and overthink.
“…all the way to the broken tree if we need to is the worst part of this mess,” Nes said from halfway down the same hill, interrupting the staff sergeant’s internal reverie.
“Hmph,” Saan replied, non-committal and embarrassed at having missed what Nes said while daydreaming herself into a worried state.
“Get ready to move,” said Evara through her throat mic, her voice familiar but for the usual static overtone that came atop all radio communication.
Saan looked at Nes and nodded. With the command confirmed, the corporal stood up, sauntered down to the bottom of the hill, away from the staff sergeant and her boulder. There, he stared at the ground, at yellowing grass, the odd twig brought this far from the trees by wind, and white-washed pebbles from the shore on his left. Besides the throat mic package that they all wore, Nes carried only his sidearm pistol and an extra magazine in an upper arm pocket – the magnetic holsters were more for urban combat – leaving all else behind in the all-terrain to keep himself as light as possible.
A hugely loud rifle shot rang out, cracking the air again and again as the sound bounced and echoed all around the forest and valleys, nearly overpowering the white noise of the flowing water that she had gotten used to over the last two days. That would be Goner.
When the shot’s echoes faded, Saan absent-mindedly realized that part of her good mood during the road trip and camping was because of the water-made white noise. Nebasht was a seaside beach town, and all day every day the ocean waves were there. It was a constant that she didn’t realize she’d miss until she went a continent away to the Academy and barely slept for days. Dastou provided a recording of it for her to put on repeat during the night, which helped immensely.
The growls of the trio of fasshim came again, only a couple of seconds after Goner’s gunfire, and Saan shook her head clear. Still keeping here yes towards Nes, she saw him flinch faintly when a red dot of light flashed near his feet a few times. A green dot flickered a meter away: Evara giving him a direction to go with those two points. The corporal sprinted, exploding from his standing position, leaves, twigs and pebbles crunching underfoot. Nes kept his speed while rushing into the tree line seconds later, fast and agile as he juked tree trunks and headed into the dappling daylight shadows of the valley forest.
Still sitting with her back to the boulder, Saan put a hand on the hilt of the short sword she carried in its sheath around her waist, the item she stole from the monastery forge three days prior. On the opposite side of that was the familiar light weight of her machine pistol in its customized holster, the extended magazine sticking out. She touched the gun, too, nervous, making sure it was there despite the fact she knew from instinct just how much weighed even when she sat prone, how much it and its overlong magazine threw her hip off balance.
She took a deep breath, blew it with puffed cheeks. This trip was already going to be such a pain. A trip back home. Something she had been avoiding since she was banned from using her own last name after leaving with Dastou. Saan got up, walked to the bottom of the hill, where Nes took off from. She looked to her left at the river. It was just a small tributary of the bigger Hodenaxi, a river used for trade by the four Ko Monasi camps and towns further west. She took another deep breath, and explored the familiar smells. She knew she was just distracting herself with all these random half-connected thoughts, but couldn’t stop. 
Most of the trees here were the same as the ones she played around when she was a child, climbing and laughing. The ones she used for cover when sneaking into a Cypher-built town where she could play with “city” kids, where Dastou first discovered her. She had been told later, by Uncle June right before she left Nebasht, that one of the things that impressed Dastou was her lock picking skills. The Saint had spied on her while she helped her two city-boy friends break into a bakery for free treats. Where did she leave that lock picking kit, anyway? She hadn’t needed to use it in so long. It should still be in a pocket of her old lugga…
Another shot rang out from Goner, startling Saan to the point where she cried out in surprise, but she remembered to look down. A red dot a few times. A green, indicating her direction to run. It pointed directly parallel to the river’s flow, along the shore, and she hesitated. That couldn’t be right – that direction was very different than what they planned for. Evara must have kept her eye on Saan, saw her hesitate, because another green dot confirmed the direction. 
Saan took off fast to where she was guided, sliding on the mildly dewy green-yellow grass at the bottom of the hill for a tiny fraction of a second before getting her feet back under control in her lightweight boots. She ran along the river, in the opposite direction of the westward flowing water. A third sniper shot. A fourth. Those two came close enough together that their echoes linked and writhed.
As she ran, making sure to keep some energy in case she needed to go full out, she slipped again, this time on a stray twig, but it didn’t slow her measured stride. She could see a hint of the dark-green, angular shape of the all-terrain in the far distance, parked on the opposing north side of the river on a hillock.
A shot from Goner took over most sound again, and she saw in her peripheral vision leaves unceremoniously falling from high up on several different trees on the other side of the river; the path the boy’s bullet took. Saan looked left across the water, into those trees, and saw a big hidden shape moving fast on the ground but sticking to shadows. Saan dared to keep her eyes half towards that dark shape, and when beams of sunlight hit it, yellow-white fur and thick, curling horns revealed it as one of the fasshim.
She did not pick up speed despite her instincts telling her to run from the fever-dream animal. Instead, she actually slowed down, drew her machine pistol, and fired a three-round burst more or less near the creature while jogging. It was a very long distance to reach accurately with a short-range weapon like she had, but she was able to get the thing’s attention by peppering trees near it. The fasshim halted. Even in the trees and with it being so far away, it was easy to tell that it turned its face toward Saan. The thing shifted its body to where it was looking, and loped in her direction at full speed. Saan shifted gears, going as fast or faster than she had ever moved before in her life and keeping straight along the shore, visible to anything that looked her way.
“Headed in with friend in tow,” said Nes through the throat mic, panting. “You good, Sarge?”
“Good,” Saan said tersely, barely pressing the input button on the transceiver tucked into her belt.
She kept her speed high and glanced across the river, saw the creature she fired at barreling toward her at a perpendicular angle. The animal was near the last of the trees before a short stretch of reaching open grass, moving so fast directly at her that Saan felt like a car halted in the middle of an intersection, a truck barreling at her with no hope of stopping. The fasshim bounded out of the tree line, reached the outskirt grasses, then was on the pebble-filled edge of the river barely three seconds later. It didn’t slow down an iota for the sake of the water, instead moving faster. Once at the very edge of the waters, with nowhere to go, the animal stunned Saan-Hu by leaping. And not just leaping, actually getting enough height and momentum to make it fully across the ten meter expanse of the river!
Saan’s eyes went wide at the spectacle of the soaring animal even as she kept running to get further ahead of where it would land. The creature couldn’t get its balance right when it came down at the pebbly south shore a moment later, and it slipped, its flank thumping into the ground with a meaty wallop. It rolled once, the horns making it even more awkward, slid to a stop on the grass past the shore, and got up in a hurried panic. This fasshim was hardier and more resilient that the ones that attacked her, Nes, and Trenna in the underground monastery – those first ones would have broken every bone in their frail but deadly bodies at such a leap. It made Saan wonder if these animals had forced the weaklings in first, saving their strongest before they were taken away by Citizen Vaiss. 
Looking back at the fasshim and pondering all that, even for the fraction of a second it took, caused her to stumble, and she doubled over in a difficult balance shift. She recovered by using a palm to push off the pebbles as she took her next running step, her other arm wind-milling once, and it took a few more strides before she was back at full speed. The sound of another sniper shot filled the air, the cracking and crunching sounds of destroyed and flung pebbles following almost instantly from right behind Saan; Goner’s bullet had struck the ground between her and the animal that leapt toward her.
Evara called into her mic, reaching Saan’s ears at a volume only slightly louder than her own thumping pulse. “Sarge, you’ve got distance! Turn right, to the firepot, you’re close to the second firepot!”
The young spotter was supposed to lead her along with another green dot, but the flying animal changed that, and Evara half-screaming into her mic was better than nothing. Saan had been running along the river too long according to their plan, and had to take a sharp right into the tree line. The ground under her feet was now dirt, grass, and fallen leaves instead of mostly pebbles. Then, the trees. She went into the tree line between two light brown trunks as wide around as she was, the quality of light changing and becoming mostly daytime shadows, as if someone turned off the lights in a room but left the shades half-open. Saan did her best to keep speed while edging around trees and hearing the animal close behind, grunting, snarling, chasing.
She decided to finally let her brain go fully-Saint, as it was called, to give her a better sense of direction and position. Saan was never very good at it, most agents near her level able to hold that process of hyperactive thought for a minute or two; she had maybe ten seconds total before her nose would start to bleed if past experience was any indication. Her focus had to be the effectiveness of being fully-Saint, not how much of it she had. She up-shifted her brain function, and hoped she wouldn’t knock herself into a coma.
The world slowed for her, a lot of blurriness came in a circle at the very edge of her vision for a moment, then everything became incredibly sharp again. Her first hyperactive thought was that Goner would not have missed hitting the big animal a moment ago, so he must have fired without really aiming, wanting to get lucky or distract it. Saan thought of where she was and the plan that had been put together, and recognized that there was no orange light of fire in the trees that she could see, which meant Nes either didn’t use his firepot trap yet or had it with him. The second and closer trap was eight seconds away at a dead run. She just needed to adjust her angle by thirteen degrees clockwise, did so, and made her whole body hurt from the exertion of moving even faster than her own top speed. Her effort was enough so that the shockingly agile fasshim didn’t catch her before she saw a small ceramic jar hanging by a cotton cord from a branch just above eye level. She let go of being fully-Saint, and was glad when she didn’t feel a migraine coming on as a result.
Saan almost ran headfirst into a tree twice as thick as she was when she started thinking normal again. The staff sergeant didn’t realize that she had been juking, sidling, and veering around white and brown tree trunks with unmatchable human prowess while calculating her next move, and when she was back to standard brain activity that world-class without-a-care athleticism was gone as suddenly as it came.
The firepot, it was right in front of her. Goner fired a sniper shot and cursed into his mic – he missed, she assumed, this time while actually aiming or he wouldn’t be so upset;  the boy must have been trying to say something before he fired or his mic would have been off. Saan skidded to a stop directly under the firepot, turned her head, and saw the fasshim much closer that she thought it would be, only a few gallops away. Just as she saw those focused black eyes, out-of-place wildcat teeth, and the hungry slobber on its jaw, it leapt at Saan like graceful, hairy death.
“Black fuck!” cursed Saan as she dove low and to one side.
The animal flew where she thought it would, passing her by. Saan landed on her side and sprang back up to one knee, and by sheer luck her attacker didn’t slip, slide, or roll. Normally she’d want an enemy to make a mistake like that, but not this time because of the ceramic firepot: the fasshim was directly under it. Saan pulled up her machine pistol, thumbed the firing switch to its dangerous full-auto mode, steadied herself on one knee, and pulled the trigger.
The dull, bass-y thrum of the machine pistol’s automatic fire rang out, overriding all other sound, the nearly impossible to control recoil while firing so fast making bullets hit the firepot as well as the branch it was tied to, adjacent branches, and a couple of trees behind. Saan realized she had fired in a panic, holding the trigger down for a full second and emptying the twenty-round magazine of all but two bullets. That didn’t matter, though, because when she hit the firepot booby trap, the ceramic shattered, and a small burning tealight candle balanced inside the vessel came in contact with blue-green lamp oil below. The pot ignited in a fiery burst of cool blues and purples before it shifted to warm, bright oranges. The blazing oil fell from the broken ceramic vessel, a roiling spectacle of fire that landed greasily on the fasshim.
The animal’s yellow-white fur was instantly afire wherever the oil touched, and started to spread as the creature screamed, snarled, and loped in agony. Saan thumbed the firing more down to semi-automatic, and fire both remaining bullets into the creature’s skull even as it stumbled from the pain of the flames. The fasshim fell down on its side, burning alive and shot in the head. It stopped breathing after half a minute, Saan taking that same time to catch her own breath.
She felt sick from the smell of the burning fasshim; it smelled like cooking rabbit, which she always found delicious. It made her queasy to realize these terrible monsters – with teeth and eyes seemingly ripped or borrowed from other, more dangerous animals – were probably an appealing meal. Saan gagged, held herself together by putting a hand over her face, and stopped paying attention to the smell as best she could.
The grass immediately around the creature had started catching fire, too. Saan reached into a pocket, pulled out a small aerosol can, and sprayed a foamy solution carefully around the spreading fire on the grass as well as the smoldering animal. The spray she was using to snuff out the flames was meant to quickly put out campfires with little smoke escaping, provided by Husband along with the pots half-filled with lamp oil. They never used a drop of the oil for light or as an accelerant, opting for natural light or fires which meant they had enough for the two traps.
A few more short sprays from the aerosol fire retardant and the can was empty, the fire dying away to miniscule embers that wouldn’t last long. The body of the fasshim was charred, patches of black and deep, sticky red laying on top of black, burned grass and a white-grey foam made by the spray. Saan stood back from the ruined animal, looked down, and leaned with a hand against a white-barked tree she only now noticed was right behind her. Staring at the white bark with mottled black markings, her mind snapped back to fully-Saint like a rubber band for barely an out of control instant, and she remembered a lesson she was given in the forested outreaches of Nebasht about why there were white-barked trees in this part of the world at all. She almost lost herself in the memory when…
A sniper shot echoed out, loud and sharp. An animal cry from the other side of the river made gooseflesh creep onto Saan’s arms at the same time the world went blurry, sharp, blurry again, and she came back down to normal.
“Reloading!” said Goner into his mic, frustration leaking into his voice as he mumbled an obscenity while turning off his input.
Saan-Hu heard Nes curse loudly ahead of her. It was apparently a profanity-laden day for most of them. Looking up from the base of the out-of-place white-barked tree she leaned on and deeper into the forest, she saw a bright burst of flames. Nes’s job was to lead one target off to a firepot after Goner separated the three-member herd, and by the looks of the minor explosion of fire it worked. Three small-caliber gunshots rang out, then a moment later two more; Nes taking the animal down for good. Saan waited nearly a minute, standing very still, until she saw the fire die down. That would be the aerosol extinguisher can. Good work, she thought.
Saan’s earpiece suddenly went from quiet to blaring a high-pitched warning. It was an alarm Nes set up that would activate if unregistered radio signals came near them. Someone else was here, someone with two-way communications. She reached into a jacket pocket for her extra magazine, discharging the expended one in her pistol at the same time, letting it fall to the ground. Saan-Hu reloaded while looking north and mostly east, through breaks in trees, across the water, to the all-terrain on the hillock. The sun was half up the sky in the same direction she was trying to see, and Saan had to squint. It was pure luck she looked in that direction, because she saw the unmistakable silhouette of a gunman getting ready to fire, aiming a long-barreled rifle right at her.
She sprinted off, gun still in one hand. She went a little deeper into the trees for thicker cover, going east, in the direction of the vehicle across the river and Nes. Saan wasn’t fast enough getting out of the line of sight, and a short burst was fired from an assault rifle. She heard the loud reports at the same time those same few bullets whizzed by, whacking dully into tree bark behind her. Another burst of gunfire, and it hit bark again. She ducked and weaved around trees that were getting thicker as she moved a little deeper into the forested section of this southern half of the river valley. The staff sergeant couldn’t get too far in, where it was safest, as heading towards the new human enemy and the all-terrain was her goal. 
Saan could feel every sudden change in direction as she dashed through the trees in her ankles and calves, in her hips. She holstered her machine pistol on the run and used both hands to help her keep balance, pushing off trunks that she juked around, no longer able to rely solely on her legwork due to fatigue. A third burst of gunfire came closer than ever, making her slip as she took a turn around a pair of trees too tightly, but the plant saved her – some dull whacks and cracks were bark being torn apart instead of her. The next set of protective trees to go for was close, and she darted toward them.
A fourth short burst was fired, and Saan barely registered it before an abrupt, shocking, sharp pressure struck her left upper arm. The hit spun Saan as she ran, and when her feet tangled up on themselves she fell hard. She landed on her back, bounced, spun, hit her side, spun again, and her body finally lost its momentum, leaving her face down in dirt. Saan was wearing armor, her panicking mind told her, so she’d have nothing more than bruises where she was hit. She was alright.
Goner’s high-caliber sniper rifle fired, the sound far more powerful than the weapon used by the man behind the all-terrain. The echo of the boy’s bullet did not hide the shattering of glass. He must have fire at the vehicle, trying to hit the gunman. Saan took the chance to push herself up off the ground and head for the three trees she saw earlier, only a few steps away. She staggered most of the way. Once there she caught her breath, and then went fully-Saint for two whole seconds. It was enough to let her figure out that the vehicle and their gunman were fifty-two meters away, closer than she thought while running and swerving in the forest. She came back down to normal, nearly vomited from queasiness, and went down on one knee to settle herself. It was getting harder to keep her body in check and she knew it – too much running, too much amped-up brain activity, too much fatigue. It doesn’t matter how much someone trains when they start hitting their natural limits.
“Evara,” said Saan, authoritarian annoyance creeping into her tone as she spoke. “I need something here. Who is that firing at us, are they alone?”
“Ma’am…” said Evara, practically choking on the word at the same time she spit it out, as if the girl had been holding back. “It’s… Hays. It’s Captain Hays.”
“What!?” asked Saan.
“I can confirm,” said Goner. “He’s using the truck for cover, I can’t get a… fuck!”
Right after Goner cursed, Saan heard an animal bay loudly. The third fasshim. She had almost forgotten about it. Goner fired twice, in quick succession, glass shattered, metal plunked with impact, and Saan heard the animal bay again. She went fully-Saint a fourth time, her head starting to pound, poked her head out to the side of the trees, and caught a glimpse of the big fasshim running behind the all-terrain, seemingly in slow-motion thanks to the way her brain was working. Her hyper-focused vision was able to also see Captain Hays taking cover behind an open door to the all-terrain. She didn’t catch his face, trusting the Stroffs to the fact that it was him, but dark grey and red combat armor was easy to identify.
What was he doing here? To fire on a fellow agent means he must have gotten hypnotized by Citizen Vaiss after the odd-voiced man entered the Caravan. But how did he get here along with the fasshim? According to what the Stroffs and Crawford Zedhani said, the animals accompanied Vaiss into their mobile headquarters while moored at the Stone-State Embassy, so did Hays get hypnotized and made to go with the animals in a hunt for Saan’s team?
Not now, Saan told herself. It’s too confusing a situation to deal with. The fasshim, center on that. It was a pretty good distance away from her, and her enhanced vision still lost track of it intermittently thanks to the trees and land between her and the animal. Still, she was able to track it as it reached the hill where the all-terrain, now with a broken windshield and rear passenger-side window, was located. The creature rushed to the top of the mound, ignored Captain Hays, and did not slow down as it reached the drooping edge where the hillock fell steeply down to the river. The fasshim practically hit the vehicle with its rear end as it turned, making for the hill edge. Its hind legs showed their strength as the animal made an impressive leap off the hill, making sure to aim itself towards the closest land on the opposite shore. The surprise of that jump forced Saan’s brain to go back to normal, though her eyes stayed focused on the creature flying through the air across the width of the river, like the one she had killed already. She lost sight of the fasshim as it fell, trees and leaves on her side of the water obscuring her line of sight, then heard an almost imperceptible thump and a much louder howl a moment later.
Goner fired three times in quick succession. Once the echoes of the sniper fire were gone, Saan felt sick to her stomach from her accelerated brain activity, and finally vomited into the dirt next to the trees she hid behind. It was a short purge, and she spat on the ground a few times to rid her mouth of any remaining bile. This was the worst she had felt after going fully-Saint in a couple of years, and she couldn’t allow herself to use that frame of brain activity again anytime soon, just to be safe.
“More people!” called Evara Stroff quickly into her mic. “One male, one female, meeting up with Hays, ragged-looking.”
This was becoming a mess. First Vaiss’ fasshim pets, then Captain Hays, then two “ragged-looking” people, probably from the remainders of Trenna Geil’s homeless camp. The thudding of hooves beating against dirt sounded like muffled thunder, getting louder each step, and it meant the third and final fasshim was coming for her. Saan ran, ignoring the pain in her left upper arm, her back, her head, the backs of her eyes, her thighs, and rushed north, towards the tributary, towards the shore that would leave her wide open for attack.
The trees thinned out, and she kept moving, her exhaustion ignored as the thundering hooves came closer. She crossed the tree line, got into the open, into the strong sunlight, and kept going. The grass and leaves and dirt underfoot turned more and more to river-cleaned pebbles, the muffled sound of her running on soil changing to a consistent crackling. Only a few steps from the shallow water, Saan slowed, panting hard while bent with her hands on her knees, still holding the machine pistol. The stomping hooves seemed a lot louder now that she stopped running, a gallop that would get to her momentarily, the sound dark and deep and threatening, vibrating down to her bones.
Saan felt a sad half-smile glide onto on her face, felt pleased that the animal was after her. If it was going towards Nes, who was in the trees still, the fasshim’s footfalls would be farther. To be frank, neither of them was likely to survive a solo encounter, and could at best kill it as they were themselves killed. So either she’d lose her brother by choice, the closest friend she’d ever had, or be slaughtered, and she’d rather be gone forever than broken with grief. A better choice every time, she supposed.
Looking through the trees, her breathing calmer, steadier, she saw it. Only forty meters away, its eyes focused intently on her, the yellow-white-furred creature was as big as any of the others she’d seen, a bit of the end of one its long, wicked curling horns broken off, maybe from its hard landing after jumping across the tributary. It moved in the forest as if it planted the trees, creating a smooth flow of motion as it banked and swerved. Another blur of motion distracted Saan from the fasshim, a figure running in the trees to the right of the animal: Nes.
Her hands started trembling with fear, and Saan stood up straight, the fully reloaded gun in one hand. The agents stood a better chance against the creature together, but he was too far away; there was a good chance it would tear Saan apart and then go for Nes. She touched the pommel of the curved short sword slung at her hip with a palm, making sure it was there after the run, and waited. The few seconds it took the animal to arrive were like a drug-induced hallucination, wave upon wave of nervous energy crawling up and down her spine. 
Saan’s muscles felt loose against bone, but not from the exertion, not entirely anyway. It was the way she felt before she did something life changing, a tingly slackening of her tension. Saan felt the same sensation the night before her first day at Ornadais Academy; before her first field exam; before the meeting where Dastou made her his personal administrator and promoted her yet again, that time to staff sergeant. And most recently before leaving Hyugesten in the all-terrain to return home for the first time in years. Oddly, the only instance she remembered a drastic change in her circumstances where this feeling didn’t serve as a prologue was when she left her home in Nebasht. That time, there was only bitterness, anger. She realized she was reliving parts of her life a tiny bit at a time, as if preparing to die, and did not even have the time to do it properly.
When the fasshim was fifteen meters away, a couple of hoof beats from leaving the tree line, a couple more from being at her throat, her hands stopped shaking. She stared the thing down, and as it took the last big step to leave the trees, she raised her arms, got into a firing stance, gazed down the iron sights of her machine pistol with one eye closed, and pulled the trigger.
The three-round burst, as controlled as she could make it, was hard to aim because the animal skirted to the side as soon as she had her arms up. The thing knew what a gun was, at least that it was a dangerous weapon. She took aim and fired again knowing the fasshim would move and guessing where it would go, firing a third burst almost immediately. She guessed correctly, and all three bullets punched into its side, spraying blood into the air and onto grass. The animal scarcely slowed down, and straightened its position to charge at Saan again.
She kept at it, guessing where the animal would juke. A few more rounds smacked dully into it, and the short yellow-white fur was speckled with a lot of red now. All the while, somewhere behind her and still across the water, Goner had started firing regularly, the volume and echoes of his high-caliber gunfire more intense than before, and the staff sergeant guessed he changed position in the time she had run from the forest. The flat, loud ratatat of her machine pistol, Goner’s regular booming pa-twoo, pa-twoo and the opposing ratatat of Hays and the ragged enemies’ rifles at a distance, made this part of the valley a loud, deadly symphony performance.
Then, Saan tried to fire and couldn’t – she was out of ammo. The animal slipped on bloody grass a little at the sound of her trigger clicking empty. Up until that instance, it had been unable to close the distance, the staff sergeant standing still on the shore, close to the water, her careful aim keeping it moving laterally. She couldn’t reload since she had no more magazines with her, and stared at the animal as it regained its balance. Saan tossed her gun flippantly in frustration, watched it peripherally as it hit the ground, bounced once, and lay still, useless. She unsheathed the short sword at her hip, remembering how impressed she was at its low weight with she first swung it.
The fasshim seemed to smile at that. It had every advantage possible now, and got ready to throw its strong, bullet-riddled, blood-splattered self at her, those sharp teeth bared. It hunkered down, never taking its creepy black eyes from Saan, and launched itself forward, maybe trying to shock her with speed before she could use that sword to do any damage. It took its first leap as if it wasn’t hurt in the slightest, moving in a blur of sudden, nimble motion. As soon as a front leg hit the ground to prep another jump, a loud, flat, familiar sound hit her ears and the animal’s knee exploded in a disgusting mess of blood, cartilage, bone, and meat. The animal screamed in pain, the sound cutting through the air sharp and strange.
Nes. He had reached her, and fired a single bullet perfectly aimed to disable the animal. Saan was trying to do that the whole time she fired, but the creature was too clever in its movements, her left arm too hurt to get help aim and control recoil. Nes jogged out of the tree line further east of the animal, the opposite side of where she spotted him coming earlier. His eyes were greyer than normal, signaling that he got to her so quickly and made the miracle, perfectly timed shot by going fully-Saint. But he struggled to keep moving, and after he saw the kneecapped fasshim topple onto its side, the corporal fell to his own knees, breathing heavily. Saan was about to go over and thank him, but the creature screamed again, stirring on its side. It scrambled with its three usable legs, huffed and growled, and got back up.
Standing on three legs, the fasshim snarled low in its throat, sounded angry, and looked over at Nes. The sapped corporal stared in return, and Saan was sure that what went through her friend’s mind at that moment would make lesser men go mad with the unbridled fury and helplessness he must have felt. There was something else there, though, alongside the fury, an odd confusion. Nes moved his gun hand up, but not in the way he would if he was going to take another shot at the animal staring right at him. His face was contorted, his upper body shaking, his eyes jittering. The corporal gritted his teeth, fought desperately against something Saan couldn’t grasp, his other hand now moving below the gun he held. He flicked the thumb of the hand the held his sidearm, and the magazine dropped out of the grip of the pistol. Saan’s eyes went wide, her jaw dropping as Nes caught the magazine in his free hand.
“What are you doing!?” called Saan, but she received no answer. The staff sergeant watched as Nes made a blind throw, gawked as the magazine flipped and turned in the air and then splashed into the water of the Hodenaxi tributary. She held her breath in panic as Nes tumbled loosely onto his back.
The fasshim stopped looking at the corporal, moved its head forward again to gape at Saan. It tested its balance for a second, then attempted to rush Saan. It failed pathetically, almost fell down again, staying upright by the barest of chances. It hunkered down a little to lunge forward again, and the staff sergeant imagined herself cutting this bastard’s thick neck, the pleasure it would give her, the smile she’d…
Fwip!
A single, white-feather-fletched arrow cut the air from somewhere behind and to the right of Saan, hitting the creature in the side, sticking deep.
Fwip!
Another arrow. This time it struck the fasshim in the side of the head, just below where its horns grew out of. Those arrows were not coming at a steep arc, something that would signify distance. They were almost straight on, no arch at all, and with the speed that only a powerful compound bow could manage. A third arrow cut the air to find a home low on the same side of the animal. The fasshim struggled to stay up, huffing wetly as blood filled its lungs. Shortly, it collapsed to the ground, arrows sticking up into the air. Once the thing was down, Saan heard an excited, rough male voice call out to her.
“Hallelujah, Saan-Hu de Kensing! Hallelujah!”



Chapter 19: Blood and Deadletter


“Some are tough, some are not,” said the man’s voice, hoarse with age and in a strange, guttural accent with rolling r’s. “A consequence of the misappropriated experiments that created those monsters. Sad. I always thought so.”
Saan finally stopped watching the fasshim “monster” twitch and die from final blows that were the arrows in its side, and turned her head and body far enough to her right to see the stranger, who stood near the curving tree line, several meters away. He was older, as his voice hinted, a grey-haired man, his mane smooth, clean, and long, with a matching thick grey beard that fell from his chin a few centimeters. The lines on his face were dignified, with a few small, old, silvery scars showing through a moderate, healthy tan. His clothes were simple, some cotton, some leather, mostly blacks and browns, meant to travel and work in. He wore thick spectacles, his honey-brown eyes slightly bigger than they should be through those bottle-bottoms. Broad-shouldered and tall, he looked to have muscle like steel on his arms.
From his size and obviously built-up strength, it was no wonder the compound bow he carried was strong enough to embed arrows halfway into the fasshim. From the look of the multi-stop cams on the top and bottom, they were made of blood-red corundum crystal mined from local mountainsides, something Dastou occasionally bought from a group in the Tribeslands since the Cypher ignored the material. The tension on the last catch of the cam would be impossible for most to draw against, yet that’s where it was set for this old man.
“Gastineo…” Saan whispered, recognizing the man from vague descriptions and rumor. Saying the name out loud was strange, as he was mostly derisively called “the hermit” by her clansmen.
“Yes,” the old man said excitedly, a big smile curving his lips, hunting bow low since the fasshim was dead. “Gastineo Deadletter at your service, dear. And you are Saan-Hu de Kensing. Finally! A formal meeting with the young, proud, prodigy recruit, rather than forest games, ay?”
Last names. He used last names, and not only his own – “Deadletter,” which sounded entirely fabricated – but hers, a secret she revealed to no one besides Nes in a long while. How did he know exactly who she was? Before she could think further on it, a warbled chirping sounded off in Saan’s ears, higher in tone at the end like a question. Another set of chirps, again a question. A couple of seconds passed, then a third set of chirps, slightly deeper, not a question. It was Evara and Goner, talking into the mics, the sounds ruined by what would likely be scrambler carried by Hays . She grunted at herself in disapproval – the arrival of this old man distracted her from the fact that two privates under her command were in combat less than a hundred meters away, and against a hypnotized, highly regarded ranked agent of all things. But this suspicious old man was armed, skilled, and in front of her. She could not turn away from him to help or the Stroffs might find her with an arrow in the back, if they survived at all.
“What are you doing here?” Saan asked, louder now, confused by the appearance of the famed hermit, wanting answers and wanting them quickly. “This is not Ko Monasi land. You always…”
“Always what,” he interrupted cheerily, “stayed near your clan’s lands? No, no, no, dear child, no, no, no. I am free like the birds, and go where I please. Free, yes.” He shifted his eyes, looked into the trees ahead past an area of low grass, shifted his body, nocked an arrow, drew it back smoothly as he held the fletching up close to his eyes, and aimed the deadly projectile. “Unlike these poor folk, free.”
He loosed an arrow that was almost invisible upon launch with the speed it had. A man cried out in surprise, and Saan instinctively tightened her grip on the short, curved sword that was her only weapon at the moment. She hadn’t looked away from Gastineo since she saw him. Having only ever heard odd rumors about him, she couldn’t trust him worth anything, but whoever he just shot at might also be a threat. Gastineo reached back into his quiver, loaded his bow and loosed again. A different man yelped.
She allowed herself to believe for now that the bearded old man was on her side since he killed the fasshim for her, and looked away. She saw them: two men, dressed in ill-fitting, mismatched, patched-up clothes, and barely beyond the tree line, right where the fasshim rushed out at her. How did she not see or hear them coming? On further examination, Gastineo had only shot their guns, not them, explaining the surprise in their eyes and their focus on the rifles laying on the ground. The hermit’s aim was perfect, ruining the assault rifles by slamming arrows through the barrels, but the wooden projectiles also ripped through a slip of paper that was taped clumsily to each gun. Her heart sped up when she saw symbols on the ruined paper, the arrows expertly delivered through one symbol on each. Her apprehension was also high because she couldn’t even read the remaining glyphs – it was completely foreign to her.
“You are correct in your assumption,” Gastineo said while lowering his bow as the enemies bent to pick up assault rifles that were struck out of their hands. “Those are Stitch. Provided by a certain annoying citizen, as he calls himself. Powerful enough to work on members of entourages like yourself. Those men would have come after you quietly, killed you loudly.”
That was why she had not paid attention to these men, only to the animal, even though the men would have been getting closer and closer to her the whole time. She had been affected by “ignore”-type Stitch during training a few times, and those men would have been nothing but shimmers in her vision, her brain tricked into not acknowledging even that. As close as they were, they could have fired with their guns from where they stood and Saan would have been unceremoniously murdered. Gastineo had saved her twice now.
“Well, Saan-Hu de Kensing? Get to it.” He smiled again, but this time it was full of mischief. He was not going to help her any further despite a clearly visible leather quiver full of dark-brown wooded arrows with white fletching.
She looked at Nes, unconscious and on his back near where the trees led to the shore ahead of her, twice as far away as the two men with broken guns.
Gastineo clicked his tongue in disappointment. “You know you are not to worry for him. Not your job. You are to attack and subdue, and seek the injured after. I will take it upon myself to assist Corporal Nesembraci Jaydef. You, dear child, take care of them. If you are corrupted by Vaiss, they will be the greater fighters, and I will leave you to die. If not… well, you may still die, but only from your own failures. Best of luck.” He said the last while pointing at the two men.
The ragged enemies stood there, just past the tree line, their guns damaged beyond repair. They looked back and forth between Saan and Gastineo, wondering whether to go after him, more heavily armed and an expert marksman, or her, with only a short sword in hand. Gastineo solved that problem for them by taking a small piece of paper from a pocket and putting it on his shoulder, using the quiver’s strap to hold it in place. It was a Stitch, oddly written, but the general shape of the symbols was clear: “ignore me.” He was taking himself out of the fight completely, and making sure no one else around him had the same benefit. Saan looked at her enemies, whose faces twitched momentarily, registering the hypnotic effect of the Stitch, and then stared at her with hard, bloodthirsty eyes.
Saan waited. While Gastineo jogged behind her, taking the long way around to reach Nes – and not coincidentally avoiding the space where Saan would have to fight – she watched the strange men as they brought out big, identical serrated-tip combat knives from behind. Once he was on the white pebbled shore, the hermit jogged to Nes. The hermit reached the corporal, got down on one knee to examine him, and Saan stole a glance in that direction to see her friend. Gastineo quickly helped Nes up to a sitting position and she saw that he was still conscious, if glassy-eyed. The hermit began a visual examination of him, whispering something, and then Saan had to stop looking because the two men were stalking toward her.
She moved to her right, to the grass, leaving the fasshim corpse to not be a distraction or a factor. As the men continued walking towards Saan, they came at a staggered distance, which was smart. The pair also showed far too much skill in the way they held the knives, the way they spread apart as they got closer to create blind spots, the way one was always creeping in faster when she took a good look at the other. These were not quite the same happy-trigger-fingered ragged folk Dastou and Nes handled days before, and were now only two arm lengths away. She squeezed the sword handle in her right hand when she was a few meters into the grassy alcove. Behind, in front, and to her right were trees, and to the left was the shore. She thought of martial demonstrations she held at the academy, on spaces made up of different materials to show how you have to change tactics based on sand, grass, solid or loose stone. Instead of students all around, it was just trees and water, and this lethal affair was no demonstration where the worst that ever happened was a broken bone or a bad cut.
“Vaiss has given them something, some training through hypnotics!” Gastineo called out from fifteen meters away. “Treat them as trained DSF agents, or you will die here and Cosamian Dastou’s debt will not reach him in time.”
Before she registered how much of a coincidence it was that Gastineo’s warning about fighting these men like agents was similar to her memory of the martial training, she asked herself: how did he know about Dastou’s debt? She could not come up with anything remotely intelligible in the split second before one of the men, the one in a faded red jacket, lunged at her, knife forward. She used her sword to block, made contact with the knife, then swiped it and the attacking arm away in a clean, circular motion, though the man kept a hold of the weapon. She had to turn half around to parry Red Jacket’s strike and change his momentum, so the one in a dingy black sweater came at her back with his knife-armed right hand. Saan got low, very low, almost touching a knee to the ground, twisted while still in a portion of the movement she used to parry Red Jacket. She made the second man miss, his arm slipping harmlessly by her belly as she continued with one final motion.
Black Sweater’s arm was now behind Saan as Red Jacket was getting his knife back in an attack position. Saan pushed herself backward into Black Sweater, hitting the extended arm with her own back. Rather than keep her thrust going to push him and create distance, she slowed, got her feet flat and reached back with her free arm to lock Black Sweater’s elbow with her own. Saan immediately tried to pull forward to break the man’s elbow, or at least damage it. She couldn’t get the angle right, and trying to force the joint to break almost caused her to lose her balance when Black Sweater abused her shift in movement to try and trip her, a leg sticking out in front of her own and almost getting it done thanks to the fact they were separated by centimeters at this point.
Red Jacket came in again at the same time that Black Sweater awkwardly reached over Saan’s shoulder to hold her still. His free hand was only able to grab hold of a bit of Saan’s short, asymmetrical uniform jacket when she twisted a little to avoid being grabbed, almost cupping a handful of her left breast as he did so, a miniscule offense compared to trying to kill her. Red Jacket tried to stab her in the gut, but Black Sweater didn’t have much of a hold on her, and Saan pushed to one side, making the man miss, and the one holding her almost fall over from the sudden movement. Red Jacket tried again, this time going high and swiping horizontally for her neck, the weapon cutting the air with a frightening whistle. Saan snapped her head backwards, which simultaneously avoided the swipe and struck Black Sweater in the mouth hard, loosening the man’s tight grip on her as he squawked.
Saan pulled her sword arm’s elbow back fast, thudding it into Black Sweaters gut. The air being knocked out of him and his bloodied lips caused blood to spit out, hitting Red Jacket in the face as he was on his follow-through from the swipe, blinding him. Saan unlocked herself from Black Sweater’s elbow finally, moved forward half a step, then launched a vicious low kick into the side of Red Jacket’s shin. He toppled, cried out, but kept enough balance to only go down onto one knee. When Saan raised her sword, Red Jacket whipped left and right with his knife in a blind defense, forcing the staff sergeant to hop backwards and to the side to avoid it. That hop put her closer to Black Sweater again, and he took his own downward swing just within Saan’s periphery. She twisted at the hip to face him and lowered herself on bending knees while lifting her arm, blocking the downward strike. She grunted as she swung a brutal upward punch with her left fist, slamming Black Sweater’s side just below his ribs. When she made contact, her entire weakened left arm stung, and she yelped with pain at the same time Black Sweater did.
The tension against her sword from Black Sweater’s knife loosened when Saan punched the man, and she used the chance to push up. As she moved up to a half-crouch, she swept the enemy’s knife hand to the side. She had enough power in her legs to better her position, but instead she kicked herself upward, jumping straight into the air, and cracked her knee into Black Sweater’s already bloody jaw. She saw his eyes glazing over even before her feet hit the ground again.
She came down awkwardly after breaking Black Sweater’s jaw, and the man grabbed her left arm as he fell backwards. Her bad landing and his momentum pulled them both in the same direction. Black Sweater fell, landed on his side, and she tumbled on top, but quickly rolled to one side, making sure not to cut herself with the sword she still held tight. She was on her back and could see straight ahead, could see Red Jacket coming again, and despite that one’s hobbled knee he was close enough to not have to move too far to reach her. Red Jacket tried to kick her knee the same way she did to his, but she moved both her legs in a quarter-turn, making him miss easily. Saan repositioned herself flat on her back and went into a backwards roll that ended in a half-crouch facing Red Jacket.
Red Jacket’s ill-advised, angry kick forced him to take a second to recover thanks to already being injured. Saan just watched, waited; Black Sweater was down, and may get back up, but not immediately. Red Jacket was balanced again in a moment, and stared down at a dead still Saan two steps away. She slowly, very slowly, stood up, changing her grip on the sword so it was upside down, the pommel at her thumb and cross-guard near her little finger. Red Jacket grunted and came at her with a pronounced limp, swinging wildly, sloppily with his knife, a dangerously amateurish thing to do. Was he was losing some of his hypnotism-induced skill?
Saan moved carefully backwards, staying out of reach and letting the ragged man swing away a few times. When he went too wide to one side, she stepped in smoothly, swung her light blade up, intending to cut him at the wrist vertically with a fast swing. Rather than a deadly cut that would sever veins and tendons, the sword cut the enemy’s hand completely off just behind the wrist. Saan felt a fraction of the pressure against her palm that she should have when the weapon sliced in, the stolen sword cutting through the ulna and radius bones of the lower arm and the interspersed human meat like it was soft pasta and juicy meatballs.
Gastineo guffawed in the background at the severing of the limb. Blood sprayed like a fountain from Red Jacket’s wrist, and thankfully Saan was already moving to the side in combination with her upward swing or it would have gushed all over her. Instead it hit the grassy ground ahead of the maimed man, plopping repulsively. Red Jacket screamed, kept moving forward due to his momentum, and slipped on his own blood, his feet completely taken out from under him. He landed hard on his back, shoulder blades first, and his breath hammered out of him audibly.
Saan could not let him stay as he was, or he’d go at her again, adrenaline fueling him. After he was down, his breathe wheezy and panicked, she rushed to close the single stride of distance between them, got down on one knee, raised the curved sword, and stabbed downward. She aimed for his heart, and hit the target, the blade going all the way into Red Jacket with sickening efficiency down to the hilt, a small fraction of it escaping out of his back to stick into the grass below him. What in the void was this sword made out of? She kept her grip on the weapon, pulled it out; the slimy sound of the sword sliding out of a man’s fresh corpse was going to brand itself into her mind for the remainder of her life. 
Saan stood up and turned to check on Black Sweater. Even after having taken two terrible, damaging blows to the mouth and chin, he had already rolled to face the ground and began to push himself up, trying to keep fighting. Saan walked quickly to him and gave him a merciless kick to the ribs. He spit blood, coughed, gagged, dropped face-first, but moved to try and get up again. She still held the sword in a backwards stabbing position, so she was ready to end this fight. Saan walked very close to Black Sweater, lifted the sword, steadied her hold with her left hand, took a few short breaths.
Each breath she took was mixed in with a bloody gurgle from the man lying on the ground in front of her. Could she actually do this, again, even though it was necessary? The level of hypnotic influence these two men suffered under was a dangerous taboo, Citizen Vaiss having used entrancement to transfer unearned skills. It ruined a person’s brain, and after mere weeks made them a husk. These men were better off dead than soon to be brain-damaged slaves. That’s what she told herself, but her hands kept shaking, the sword picking up light and glimmering again and again. When she tried to look away from the man in the dirt that she knew she had to kill, she made the mistake of looking towards his legs. A tattoo was revealed at his ankles, his pants having been pulled up a little sometime after he was on the ground.
At seeing the tattoo, images started to flash in her mind, and it was exactly as Dastou said it would happen: sudden and unstoppable. The only images she understood were ones that featured Citizen Vaiss, whom she’d only seen once at that point, in the monastery, when he came to take his fasshim and leave her, Nes, and Trenna behind. Salt-and-pepper hair, nice, clean clothes, handsome, dark-brown eyes with bright, strong yellow striation.
She saw him as a leader, a great man. He was as powerful as a Saint, but without the support of something like that so-called and soon-damned Davranis Security Force. Vaiss could use small teams, guerillas he named them, to fight against Cosamian Dastou, a power-hungry grey-eyed mastermind, all while building his own army to battle the DSF. If a few innocents sadly died in this struggle, so be it, as long as in the end the last Saint was killed, his influence removed from the world, the people released from the Social Cypher they so despise. That was a worthy cause, of course, though surely more complicated than that.
There’s a chance, a real chance, that the Saints corrupted the Social Cypher from its original version. It was now the year 439 P.N., Posta Notis, and just maybe, at the beginning of tracking time in that structure, the Social Cypher was simply a tool of ease, to help the masses deal with less in their daily lives. It would mean no time spent planning towns or cities, no need to figure out what to do for a living, how to feed your family, what to do in an emergency such as fire, flood, or injury. Now that Saan thought about it, the tattoo on Red Jacket’s ankle somehow leading her along this path of untainted understanding, it made more sense than anything she had ever known, or would ever learn.
The Saints, in their arrogance, changed the Social Cypher! It is supposed to be a simple, accepted way for society to work, without thinking about how it works, which is something no one needs to know. Everything could be solved, if only the last Saint, Cosamian Dastou, was finally dead. The last of the corruptors, the atypical ones, the anomalies, the errors, the pretend gods that so love their worship. The last of Bin-Haak’s legacy, whatever that meant. 
Citizen Vaiss could do this, and Saan-Hu could help him. Could she really, though? Was she so important and useful as that? Unquestionably, she was! She shouldn’t underestimate herself, but if it would help, Vaiss could teach her things. How to fight properly, how to fire and maintain a weapon, the role of command structures, how to use specific tools, how to build wonderful, useful machines. She could be so valuable by Vaiss’ side, doing such good works, and helping fix the Social Cypher, keeping it going. But… how did it work? No one needs to know that.
Saan hadn’t been paying attention to the sweat all over her body. She was a soldier, who had been through strenuous training, who ran mile after mile every day. She felt the slickness of her skin too strongly, as if her sensitivity was increased a hundred fold, and the sweat made her body icy. She shivered almost violently, every pain on her frame piercing her all the way through, out, and back in, all at the thought of how the Social Cypher worked, at her internal rebellion that she didn’t need to know. The entire point of the Academy was to find out, every second of study she put herself through was for that purpose. Her life was voluntarily a cog in a machine whose sole task was to discover how it worked.
No one needs to know that! No one needs to know that! No one needs to know that!
Saan doesn’t need to know that.
Fwip!
An arrow struck Black Sweater’s ankle, through the tattoo. Then another went through his temple almost immediately.
“Saan-Hu!” It was Gastineo, yelling to get her attention.
Saan’s sudden full-body sensitivity was gone. She was still in pain nearly everywhere, it felt like, but it was manageable. She looked over at the hermit, who knelt over an unconscious Nes, hunting bow in hand. She tried to speak, but her voice was gone, empty, her throat sore. Had she screamed just now?
“Are you well, staff sergeant?” asked Gastineo.
“Yes. I believe so,” she answered, her voice coming out choked, halting, ruined. With a moment to think about it, she figured out what she just went through. “That was Citizen Vaiss’ Stitch, wasn’t it?”
“Correct,” the honey-eyed hermit told her quickly. “No time to examine that now. Look across the waters, to the vehicle.”
She walked around Black Sweater’s corpse, then to the shore. When Saan reached the gentle slope that led down to the water of the Hodenaxi tributary, she heard Goner’s gun boom twice, the first times he’d done so in maybe five minutes. No, she remembered, that was wrong; he had fired three times while she scrapped with Red Jacket and Black Sweater, but she forced it deep to the back of her mind, concentrating on the fight. Goner fired again, and Saan looked to the all-terrain.
Captain Hays was not taking cover behind the front passenger side door as he was when she first spotted him and Evara revealed who he was. Saan found him near the vehicle, running down the hillock where it was parked, the shape of the land hiding him from sight when he was halfway down. She jogged up to the shore, then to her right, upriver, trying to keep Hays visible. As she passed a few meters in front of Gastineo and Nes’s position near the tree line, she spoke without slowing down.
“Is Nes going to be alright?” she asked.
“Of course. Too much from his bank, too much exertion, but not deadly at his and your skill levels if care comes quickly.”
By the end of his words, he had to speak loudly for his voice to reach Saan. In half-a-minute, far longer than she’d normally take to cross the barely forty meter stretch, she was parallel with the all-terrain. She slowed while moving past the hillock where it was parked, going until she saw past the obstructing topography, until she could see across the waters, past the opposite shore, to the grass and trees beyond. The scene playing out across the tributary stopped her dead in her tracks: Evara was fighting the man and woman the young spotter called out earlier, the ones who came with Hays from the north. The girl had blood trickling down her nose and the side of her head, some of her wavy dark-brown hair was plastered to her face from sweat, her uniform jacket, normally fitting somewhat tight around her, was open, revealing… knives?
Evara wore a belt diagonally across her chest, hidden previously by her jacket, that featured several loops for small, straight knives with finger holes at one end. Most of the loops on the belt were empty, the knives gone, but the girl had one of those blades in each hand, her middle fingers in the hoops. She was backing away from the man and woman now that Hays had come down the hill to join them, though the latter was still far off. The ragged two had spots of blood on them from small cuts through their clothing, and the man was removing a piece of metal that was stuck in his thigh, revealing an identical bloody mark to the others. He pulled out the piece of metal with a start, threw it on the ground evidently annoyed. The piece of metal he tossed away was small, almost completely black, and shaped exactly like what Evara had in each of her hands. Evara was using throwing knives, tools that most at the Academy would have never seen in their lives.
Saan grunted worriedly when the girl made the briefest eye contact with her from across the water, and then noticed that neither Hays nor the two ragged enemies had guns. Evara moved her head a twitch to her left, and Saan looked in that direction. One of the assault rifles from the ragged ones was on the ground, near the opposite shore to Saan. Another was closer to the trees, and both were destroyed, the barrels broken apart near the middle where pieces of paper were taped on. Goner looks to have shot and destroyed the weapon right where the Stitch slip was located, the same thing Gastineo did earlier to reveal Red Jacket and Black Sweater. Saan looked to the vehicle again, and saw the hint of a broken long-barreled bullpup rifle, Academy issue, near the tailpipe. No Stitch slip on that one – Hays was meant to be a distraction while the others snuck up, hidden with hypnotism.
Saan put the rest of the scenario together in her head instantly. Evara would have spotted moving shapes in the forest, called them out, and noticed the Stitch. She may or may not have been affected temporarily, but she could easily tell her brother to take care of them. That was the cause of the boy firing so much today for someone so accurate: he wasn’t using a scope for much of the battle so that he wouldn’t accidentally get hypnotized. Goner had been firing at them from the high hills he was told to hide in, trying to hit their weapons if and when they peeked out of cover, all with only a little of Evara’s help since she wouldn’t be able to use her digital monocular in daylight mode. She could spot the enemies with the device set to heat-vision, but the vapor cones needed to adjust her brother’s shots would have been a mess to distinguish.
All those handicaps, all those setbacks, and those twins still succeeded. They destroyed the weapons, just the weapons, of their in-cover enemies and brought them out of hiding. Now in the open, Evara was engaged with the two ragged attackers as Hays positioned himself to replace them if they were killed, and Saan was across the water gawking.
Evara backed away from the ragged enemies a little more, getting closer to the trees she must have come out of in the first place, and said something Saan couldn’t hear. A chirping in the staff sergeant’s earpiece that matched when the girl’s mouth opened and closed signaled that she was speaking with her throat mic on. Another chirp hit Saan’s ear, but Evara Stroff’s mouth hadn’t moved, so it must have been Goner. When the broken noise was done in the earpiece, Evara started moving differently, still slowly going backwards, but now a little to her right, Saan’s left. A few small steps later and the girl abruptly darted away, running for the trees, and almost out of Saan’s view thanks to the parking space hillock.
Goner fired. The captain and the other two enemies had started running after Evara when she sprinted, and the ragged man took Goner’s high-caliber bullet in the chest, blood spraying from where the bullet entered and spewing from his back where it exited. Suddenly, Evara changed direction completely, halting her run with a solidly planted foot, turned, and threw both knives she held at the still falling man, flicking her wrists sharply. Even from where she stood, Saan could see that one knife went slightly wide, but the other embedded itself into en eyeball. Evara had thrown it without looking, not caring if her brother made a perfect shot or not – the sniper rifle report was her cue to stop running, nothing more. The throw was incredible, signifying that the girl must have been in a rush or far away to not have been able to kill these enemies with a minimum of effort already.
Evara had only two throwing knives left on the belt, removed them, and had once again slowed to a stalking speed, one enemy taken down by the twins’ ruse. If Goner has a solid position, why is he not firing?
“The boy is out of ammunition,” said Gastineo from close behind Saan, creepily guessing at her thoughts again. “I was counting. The girl was used as a distraction, tossing blacksteel from the trees after the boy destroyed the weapons and hypnotic tools. When he changed position, they knew it, and so did they until he had to move yet again.”
Saan turned her head and saw that the hermit was carrying Nes by the shoulder, his bow held in the other hand.
“How do you know all this?” asked Saan, ignoring the fact that she figured out the top half of the same scenario a moment before, still suspicious of the hermit.
“I was not fighting two men while it was happening. Now, young lady, go,” urged Gastineo, “help her.”
Saan glanced to her right, to a large section of a large tree that looked to have been downed by a lightning strike somewhere upriver. It had floated down, gotten stuck against the closer shore and a mound of stone and sand that had accumulated in the middle of the shallow tributary. It almost covered the whole distance across, and the reason the all-terrain was here was because of that log – it was how they could split up the team to both sides of the river and plan the attack against the fasshim. Hays was almost directly in front of her, so if she hurried to the tree and took it across, she would be close enough to deal with him and then help Evara if needed.
The staff sergeant sheathed her dangerous short sword and almost started to go back to pick up Nes’s gun off the where the corporal had lost consciousness and dropped it. Saan stopped in less than a full step, grimaced, and remembered that Nes had tossed his magazine into the water. Gastineo silently held out his bow, and she took the weapon without thinking, noticing that the cams on the top and bottom were turned down to the second of three stops, meaning she would be able to pull the hunting bow’s string enough to use it in a fight. She couldn’t remove the whole quiver from the hermit’s back without wasting time, so she opted to reach over the hermit’s shoulder and grab three arrows, enough to hold in one hand and still aim well after drawing.
Now armed, Saan ran to the thick broken tree trunk, hopped onto it from the shore, and jogged carefully along its length. She passed the sand mound in the middle of the water that the trunk was stuck on, desperate not to lose her footing on the softened, moist bark, and reached the shattered part of the big dead plant that looked to have taken the lightning strike. Two meters separated the trunk and the opposite shore, but there was no time to wade in shallow water. Saan conjured up all the energy she could and jumped to the other shore, causing her muscles and joints to burn from toes to thighs to hips after the exertion she’d already had to endure today.
She landed with a grunt, slippery white-washed pebbles crackling under her feet. Saan scrambled back up from a landing crouch and ran up the shore’s small incline. Hays had seen her out of the corner of his eye, and despite his still fifty meter or so distance from her due to coming closer to Evara, the captain sprinted in Saan’s direction as she got in a hunting stance. She froze, watching him run, her mind accidentally going fully-Saint again. With the world slowed and her mind over-active, she looked at the hypnotized agent coming for her, conjuring up who he used to be before Vaiss.
She remembered Captain Hanyan Hays, one of the “elders” of the DSF at thirty-six years old. His handsome jawline, very short hair, hazel eyes that turned a light grey-brown as he learned more and more from Dastou’s lesson books to become part of the last Saint’s huge entourage. Saan watched as one of Hays’s feet came down to the ground in slow motion, saw his hands and noticed that he wasn’t wearing his wedding ring. He always took it off for missions, kept it in a zippered inside breast pocket of his uniform jacket. He didn’t have it on when she was in charge of him in the Caravan, now that she thought about it, and had checked to make sure the band was there when they arrived at Stone-State’s embassy moor. Did he always do that? Like the way she grunted approval or disapproval, or the way Nes was so physically expressive when not dead tired?
Another footfall and the captain was a step closer to Saan in the real world. Oh god, Saan thought, Hays’s wife. He married his long-time girlfriend, who came from a city-state in South Davranis. What was her name? Saan had forgotten, having only met her the one time. That made her miserable, that she couldn’t remember the name of the woman whose husband she was about to kill. One more footfall.
Saan’s brain had been churning as she thought all this, and found an arrow had already been nocked by her hands in the space of a short breath. Her instincts kept their hold on, and she pulled the tightened, weighted bowstring as far back as she could with one arm hurt. She ran on muscle memory so well at the moment because she had been using a bow since she could stand up, starting from long branches fashioned into a beginner’s tool to the complex, wood and metal compound bows with pulley systems like the one she took from Gastineo. She was more content holding this weapon than any other, and it would take long time to be as comfortable with a gun, any gun, as she was with what she held in her hands now. All this breezed through her like a sudden burst of wind, in the time it took Hays to take two more running steps closer. She took a fast, deep breath, aimed, exhaled while letting an arrow loose, and her brain almost shut down afterwards.
Captain Hays sidled smoothly and let the arrow pass harmlessly by him, kept rushing while Saan saw the world go red around the edges, then black at the corners, then normal, thank goodness. Saan remembered that his training was, unlike the ragged enemies, real and nearly exactly the same as her own. He wouldn’t lose composure easily, wouldn’t be hit without effort.
She nocked and drew again, this time aiming low, for his leg, leading her target a bit. She loosed and Hays hopped over where it dug into grass. Even as Saan had let her grip open up to release the previous arrow, she was moving her hand up to grab the bowstring again, her last arrow in hand. With the casual, confident ease of the experienced, she was drawing a new arrow as the preceding one struck the ground, as Hays was jumping to cleverly avoid it.
She knew he’d jump. It was something that all trainees did in the same situation when they weren’t thinking straight. It was faster, easier to jump than step to the side, and helped you keep an eye on your target. Unfortunately, it was also very foolish, because in the air no one, no matter how good they were, could avoid being hit. Captain Hays was hypnotized, obviously, his deeper faculties were not there, so he’d go with something that was a combination of inborn, natural behavior and training rather than drilled-in combat thought: a jump.
 No one else in the academy had Saan’s speed and accuracy with a bow, and anyone who challenged her lost a bet, usually to Nes. She loosed her previously drawn arrow, the last one she had, steadily while the captain was still in midair, falling from the zenith of his jump. The arrow pounded into him in the middle of his chest, slamming into and breaking his sternum, forcing his torso backwards as his limbs went forward. Hays’s head flew back and was the first thing to hit the ground, impacting with such speed and a flat smack against a small stone that if the arrow didn’t kill him, that trauma to his skull would. The captain’s head bounced once even as the rest of his body came down with meatier thumps.
Saan did not want to look at a former comrade dead by her hands, not yet. Instead, she focused on Evara, looking up to find the girl in a close fight with the ragged woman.
“Saan-Hu!” Gastineo yelled.
Saan turned her head in time to see the hermit’s quiver flying through the air at her. She caught it with one hand, almost dropped it, and slung it across her back swiftly, tightening the strap with a single hand while biting the leather to hold it still, and realized she didn’t even have to try to remember how to do that. Saan slipped her hand back, into the quiver, grabbed an arrow and waited for an opening while watching Evara fight.
The girl was at the moment taking quick swipes at the remaining ragged woman with the small throwing knives in her hands, the dark metal blades spinning around her fingers effortlessly. Unfortunately, the woman was a third of a meter taller than the diminutive spotter, so the enemy avoided a knife-led jab using a quick backwards movement, then jumped forward at the girl, arms first. The woman tackled Evara, falling on top of her and kicking up grass, leaves, and dirt. Evara tried to move her hands to swing the knives again, but the woman held the girl by the arms.
Saan was walking closer to the sparring pair, ready to aim and loose at a moment’s notice. Evara, ever the spitfire, struggled incessantly, snarled, and kicked up hard with a knee. The blow hit the woman in the ribs, startling her into loosening her grip on the agent’s hands. As second knee-kick up from the girl to the same spot was actually harder, and the woman was tossed to the side by the intense strik. As the ragged woman bounced off a shoulder and landed face-first to one direction, Evara rolled in the other direction, giving herself space and plenty of time.
The young spotter got on one knee and threw a knife at the woman’s throat just as the ragged enemy tried to push herself back up. The throwing knife bit into the soft jugular notch all the way to the dark brown leather-corded hilt, leaving only the finger loop visible. The woman froze after the knife struck her, a surprised look on her face. This final enemy was dazed and kept trying to get up, eyes glazing over as blood dribbled thickly down her neck and clavicle, onto the neckline of a dirt-stained tan blouse. It also started to spurt out of her mouth in halting coughs.
The girl did not stop there. Evara stood up, apparently not having taken any real damage in combat, and walked over to the dying woman. The girl took a moment to look at her dying enemy, bent down, and mercilessly snatched the knife out of the woman’s throat. Saan sucked air through her teeth and made note of Evara’s calm demeanor as dark blood spewed out of the neck wound, the girl stepping calmly to the side to avoid the stream, but still getting some of it on her leather boots. The ragged woman’s eyes rolled back into her head, the blood flow continuing, making a deep red pool on green grass. Evara wiped the knife clean on unstained grass, and put the weapon back onto an empty loop in the belt across her chest.
Saan reached Evara as the girl started looking around for something on the ground. The spotter walked over to one of the other throwing knives she used earlier. She picked it up, wiped it clean the same way she did the one from the woman’s throat, put it on her belt, in a loop near her belly button.
The girl finally noticed Saan standing nearby, the compound bow lowered. Evara had actually walked away from the staff sergeant a moment before, blank-faced and paying no attention to her surroundings.
“Ma’am…?”
“Is that everyone?” asked Saan, inwardly wondering about Evara’s odd behavior, but not surprised by it. This was another day of firsts, and the girl likely never killed a man or woman before.
“Did you see anyone else on the other side of the river?” Evara asked as she walked over to the man she struck in the eye earlier. She crouched, pulled the knife out of the ruined eyeball with an unnecessary angry grunt, wiped it on the man’s clothing, and put it away. 
“Two came in from the forest, but they are done,” Saan finally answered, mesmerized by the girl brutally retrieving her weaponry. “No one else is near.”
“Good,” said the girl while walking over to the staff sergeant. “Good.”
A rustling in the forest near them made Saan tense up, lifting her bow slightly, preparing the arrow she still held in her hand.
“It’s just Goner,” said Evara. “I can hear his tribute.”
His what? Oh, tribute. As in something he carries at all times in honor of his people, the Xaneefa. Saan’s own clan had no such tradition, but she knew of it. Now that the staff sergeant listened, there was an almost imperceptible metallic ringing alongside the rustling in the trees, and when the wind died down for a second it was hard not to hear. Goner was being reckless, meaning that there really was no one left that was going to try to kill them for now. Saan looked over at the girl, who was looking down at the ground, hands balled up into tight fists, knuckles getting white.
“Evara… are you alright?”
The girl took a moment, staying quiet and stone-faced, controlling her breathing. She fixed her hair, moved loose strands from her face that were stuck there with sweat or blood. She looked awful, her clothes stained with grass, dirt, and other people’s blood, ripped in places. Evara shifted her gaze and angry eyes towards where Captain Hays lay face up on grass near the white pebbles of the tributary’s shore, an arrow sticking out of his chest. Saan also spotted the thickly-spectacled Gastineo moving across the last meter of the tributary to reach this side, helping a conscious but weak-looking Nes. They both struggled to walk straight in hip-deep water, but the corporal was the worse of the two.
“Who is that?” asked Evara, her voice hard.
“That is Gastineo, and he is with us, an extension of my tribe.” Saan said that a little too quickly, the edge to Evara’s voice lodging a firm vision in her mind of knives in each of Gastineo’s eyes, going right through the old man’s glasses, hurled with literally blinding speed.
Goner jogged out from the tree line, passed some shrubbery, and then walked the last few strides to Saan. He inclined his head to acknowledge her, but said nothing. Saan followed suit, not saying a word. She simply started a walk back to Captain Hays’s body, and heard the twins following behind as quiet as corps… mice. As quiet as mice.
In too long a minute, they reached the body. Saan looked down, and the twins stood to either side of her, Evara near the man’s head, Goner near his feet. The light wind blew onto her the coppery smell of blood that she was ignoring until she knew she was no longer in danger, and she almost vomited again. Gastineo was on his way to them, carrying a pale Nes, whose face was the same stone mask as Evara’s, all his sarcasm and humor and mood-lightening gone.
Saan had no idea how to act. In private, she was playful, a drinker, and easy-smiler. In public, as an administrator, drill instructor, staff sergeant, she needed to have a solid layer of toughness. It wasn’t an act, either; she was as tough as one of Dastou’s alloys and she knew it. She knew what to fear, and when to fear. Being brought up to hunt game for food from a young age taught you that, taught you control, even if some were better at having it than others. Hays’s cold, still face made her think of who she was, an attempt to avoid focusing on the body of a once-honored comrade.
Gastineo and Nes reached the dead agent’s feet and stood quietly, thank the void, because right now Saan didn’t trust herself to say anything even remotely useful. Hays’s hazel-grey eyes were still open, and she used them as a catalyst to try and respect the man by remembering him, a better option than sinking into pointless avoidance.
He was already twenty-seven when recruited into a practically pre-natal Ornadais Academy after surviving alongside his family in Davranis South, a region that exploded with war so fast even the Saints couldn’t intervene. Eight-hundred people died, mostly from the massive forest fires started as a foolish tactic, but Hanyan Hays, his mother, and the family dog survived. His sister and newborn baby brother did not. Dastou told Saan that when Hays entered the Academy, they all thought he had a bad attitude from the start. That wasn’t the problem at all; he was just hardened. Having seen far darker things in life than almost anyone else in this world where war was a rarity, he had a difficult time adjusting to a life of training.
It took a couple of years, some close attention from Dastou, and a lot of psychological treatment, but Hays found some happiness, some purpose alongside the other agents. He still wasn’t perfect, and only a few people knew that he still sought help to keep the anger boiling around in him under control, a struggle ever since the “DavSo Fires.” Saan respected him. Almost everyone did, and whatever fools didn’t were usually disliked by most others anyway. He had become extended family to a lot of people, a father figure to teens and people in their twenties at only thirty-five years-old. In turn, Hays cared for everyone equally and without reservation.
Evara started to sob, choking it back as best she could and partially failing. When Saan looked over at the girl, she found her own vision suddenly indistinct, Evara’s reaction stirring something in her. Saan wiped at her eyes with her sleeve and hoped to not have to do it again. The young spotter moved around to the other side of Hays’s body, and opened a fabric-and-hook strap on a pocket at her waist, the sound like ripping paper. Inside was a fat bamboo ink pen. Evara rolled up the captain’s right sleeve as far as she could, and began writing on his limp forearm. A tear fell from the girl, hit something she already wrote, but the ink didn’t streak. No surprise there, the Xaneefa clan made the best inks in the world. The girl wrote two lines, one below the other, in a language Saan couldn’t read.
“Rest and be free, teacher,” Gastineo read aloud. “The stars welcome you anew.”
“What?” asked Goner, whispering with incredulity.
“That is what it says, correct? In the Xaneefa people’s ritual tongue, I believe.”
“How did you know that?” Goner looked at Gastineo for the first time. The boy seemed to be about to say more, but one good look at the old man’s big muscular body, easily thirty kilos of muscle heavier, and he kept it to himself.
“I will explain, I assure you,” said Gastineo as he adjusted Nes’s own large frame on his shoulder while poking his thick glasses back to the bridge of his nose with his other hand, almost to show off that he was as strong as he looked. “Before that, we must bury your friends.”
“We!?” said Evara, popping up after putting away her pen. “How dare you…”
Saan-Hu stopped the girl’s angry words with an upturned palm and a stern look.
“Do not,” commanded Saan in the hardest voice she could manage.
“I will explain,” Gastineo repeated, “but first, your friends.”
“Friends?” asked Nes. “Hays was the only of these bastards we knew.”
Gastineo sighed, lowered his head. “No. He is not.” The hermit said nothing else, and simply jerked his head into the forest, pointing northeast with his eyes.
Something about the way he acted told Saan to go where Gastineo pointed out. She led the way there, into thicker, more robust forestland, everyone following. The hermit and Nes picked up the rear, getting further behind every few paces. In a handful of minutes, the group reached a series of low hills, or what you’d nickname hills. The rises were barely waist high, rolling along for about a hundred meters to the north, curving west a little. It wasn’t much to look at, just a normal part of a big forest valley, a place for kids to clamber around or slide snow plates down in parts of the world that snowed heavily. At the bottom of the unimportant, featureless, easily ignored hills were two bodies.
Private Nudrenmbe, a dark-skinned girl of twenty years, and Private Melk, a pale boy of seventeen. They wore simpler uniforms, very dark blue with red lining, as they were both first-year students in their second semester and in the sciences programs.
“Fuck,” said Goner through gritted teeth. “Why…?”
“The hypnotism was not working so well on them, I think,” said Gastineo, having caught up in the minute that the others stared at the crumpled bodies, each of which had a single bullet wound to the heart ending their already short lives. “It is not Citizen Vaiss’s custom to allow any resistance to his skills. These two were more immune and possibly causing trouble.”
Saan got closer to the bodies. “Nudrenmbe has blood and dirt under her fingernails, Melk doesn’t. But Melk’s jacket is ripped at the forearm. They fought back.” She was surprised at how numb she was at this. She felt awful, disgusted, broken about Hays. This was tragedy on top of that, and somehow she coped. She wouldn’t for long, she knew that. In a few days, she’d be inconsolable if left alone. Crying like she did when banned from returning to Nebasht. Like she did after a few days of playing tough at the Academy. Like she did after failing half her classes in the first semester and being scared of getting kicked out, of being left with nowhere to go.
She glanced behind her, and the twins were keeping a hold on a white-hot fury, she could tell because she’d seen that look in a mirror before. Saan had to cope, because those two still-living privates had work to do, and having them emotionally shattered would serve no one.
“They were killed,” Gastineo continued, “executed, more like, because they could not be fully controlled. Hays was unlucky in a different way, controlled completely.”
The hermit seemed earnest, but no one responded. After another minute of silence, Saan strode up to Private Nudrenmbe, picked up the body, slung it – slung her – over her own shoulders in a fireman’s carry. She was forced to ignore how the dead weight made her aching body sting and burn almost everywhere. She started off towards where they came from even as the twins got the hint and went to get Melk. The Stroffs were smaller than Saan, weaker overall, and they carried the boy’s body under his shoulders together, the same way Gastineo was helping Nes.
That is how they walked back. One woman carrying a murdered private; a pair of twins carrying a different murdered private; one old man with an injured, exhausted corporal. All headed back to a dead captain. Saan only hoped to never, ever return here. When they got back home to the Academy complex, she might just burn a hole in the huge world map on one wall of her DSF-provided condominium, right where this valley was situated. This place could go to the black in the sky for all she cared.



Chapter 20: In Deep


While an injured Nes spent time double-checking every iota of their equipment and fixing up everything on the jeep except the shattered windows, graves were dug. There were only two portable shovels from the all-terrain’s supplies, so the Stroff twins took turns digging pits with Gastineo and Saan. These were not shallow graves; they were dug deep, almost the full two-meter standard. It was the least they could do. The most would have been to take the bodies with them, to arrange for delivery back to the Academy for later internment with Saints in their nook of a graveyard, but that was impossible in their situation.
While digging, some strange thought kept bubbling to the surface of Saan’s mind, irking her because she could never grasp it before it faded back and away. Some detail looming over her thoughts, but when it came into view, she remembered the tattoo for some reason, and did everything in her power to go blank, thinking of nothing. Gastineo gave her the occasional worried look.
Saan and Gastineo were each in a different grave, the ones meant for the privates, when the hermit stopped digging. He lifted himself up and out with his strong arms, then sat with his legs casually hanging in the hole he’d been shoveling dirt out of. Saan glared at him while standing in a meter-deep grave, and he lifted a single eyebrow at her.
“Well? What is it? I’m too old to be given odd looks by the young and pretty and actually believe it is with some interest. Especially not from someone of your... taste.”
“Better than your tastelessness,” Saan said angrily. “Get your dangling feet out of that grave.”
“They were already in there as I dug, what is the difference now? In any case, ask what you want to ask.”
“Hmph. Fine. You said you have you been witness to or heard evidence of Vaiss’s hypnotic skills?”
“No preamble, I see,” Gastineo said, then shrugged. “Yes, I have seen and studied his abilities. Often.”
“How often is ‘often?’”
“That is all I care to say, for now. Go on with another query, child, I know you have one.”
The world “child” used on Saan was irritating. It was the way her mother spoke, and not just when the girl was being punished – that aloofness of parenthood was present at all times. She clamped down on her annoyance and continued.
“Is there a reason why Nes and myself were so badly affected by Vaiss’s Stitch work, but the privates were not?”
“Aaah,” said Gastineo. “Trying to understand the deaths of Nudrende and Melk as you called them.”
“Nudrenmbe,” said Saan slowly, making sure the “m” sound was clear. “Yes. In addition, it could have something to do with why Evara and Goner fought so well today.”
“You are impressively on the right track, young lady. Unfortunately, I am not privy to information on your training, so I must ask you this: how does Saint Dastou make newcomers immune to Stitch? The basics, please.”
Saan squinted her eyes momentarily before she began a short explanation. “The basics are simple enough to explain. We all go through the same immersion drills to numb us to hypnotism, which go along with chemical therapies, internal and external. Within a year, we are all completely immune.”
“I knew parts of that from before the Academy opened,” the hermit revealed. “What about changes within those lessons themselves, say within the last year or so?”
Saan was going to have to get used to the fact that this man knew so much that he shouldn’t, because even she was getting tired of her own annoyed squinting.
“I do not believe there have been any changes,” she said about the anti-hypnotism training. “Not to the overall structure. Some of the…” she caught herself, almost went into a whirlwind of thought on realizing what Gastineo might be getting at, then kept talking with only a short pause. “Some of the lessons and therapies got extended recently.”
“I am not sure I entirely follow.”
“To make it easier for new students to adjust,” Saan-Hu elaborated, “Dastou changed the introductory curriculum eighteen months ago. Some classes are now longer or shorter, depending on what was giving students the most or least stress. Due to that, the immunity program was altered. Meditation lessons were expanded, and chemical doses were made smaller but slightly more frequent. The result is the same, though: within a year, students are immune.”
“There you have it, then,” said Gastineo, for once sincerely getting information he didn’t already have. “These young privates had taken the new lesson structure, and were not as susceptible as Nesembraci or yourself.”
“I see,” said Saan in a half-whisper. 
She was still not digging, shovel in hand, taken aback by the reasons why the privates died. It was because they were better soldiers, able to fight back. Unfortunately, rather than giving them an advantage in their situation, it made them troublesome and expendable. Meanwhile Hays, one of the first recruits directly to the Academy, was so completely controlled that he did not think twice about trying to kill whoever he was sent after. Nes and herself only survived by running into Gastineo. 
Saan figured she was mollified with knowing a little more about why the young privates had to die, even if it didn’t help anything; it simply felt wrong to plan to bury them and not know why. She moved on to her next question.
“So, then,” started Saan, “you’re a natural?”
Gastineo nodded. “It appears so, does it not? It is a rarity to be naturally immune, assuredly, but incredibly useful.”
She ignored the fact that he didn’t actually answer her question. “I think we may have met another natural recently. She only seems peripherally affected by suggestion. Not totally invulnerable, but very close, like a student near the very end of immunity training. Her name is Trenna Geil.”
“’Geil?’ Is she from the Tribeslands?”
“Yes… she is. Do you know her?”
“Hah! Of course not, what a silly question to ask a recluse. Her name, however, is familiar to me as a northshore appellation. ‘Geil’ is from Lehugeilan, an old moniker. Did she shorten her name?”
“She did not mention that. Trenna has spoken little to nothing of her past.”
“I see. Changing such an old, beloved name, similar to what the Ko Monasi do with exiles. The action speaks to who this Geil is, I think. Maybe banished, maybe ashamed, maybe hiding.” He shrugged again.
The staff sergeant waited a moment to see if he would say anything else. When Gastineo hopped back into the partially finished grave and went into a stretching routine to get ready to dig again, she got a good grip on her own small shovel with both hands and got back to work.
*****
It was late in the night when they finished the burials. Before putting the bodies of Hays, Nudrenmbe, and Melk in the ground, words were said. It was a pathetically short funeral, as no one had been very close to any of these people, Hays known best because of his long-term relationship with the DSF and his reputation. Saan remembered that Melk and Crawford Zedhani were friends, but the latter was with Dastou somewhere on the Baritr Ocean, headed for Davranis North. The lack of length of the funeral angered Saan almost as much as the deaths themselves. Was this going to happen often? Losing comrades that she barely knew for some unknown purpose in some previously unvisited area? She wanted to sleep for days on end and not move a muscle, not think, not remember. But that was worse, she figured, a childish reaction.
Once that ugly business was done and dirt covered the deep graves, a fire was made, and the group sat and ate. Barely. They were soldiers, now more than ever, so they forced themselves to eat the stew Gastineo conjured up for the sake of sustenance. They ate slowly, solemnly. Saan hurt all over her entire body, and knew it would be several times worse tomorrow when her muscles were cold after some sleep. She was sure everyone but the old hermit felt the same, and Goner was already having trouble moving his right arm properly, the sniper’s elbow, shoulder, and wrist impaired after firing so often today. They could be at Nebasht in at most seven hours of travel tomorrow, however, so they could take a day or two to rest after they arrived to have her clan repay whatever favor Dastou sent them for. Saan sighed and looked at Gastineo. He was staring up at the sky, and she forgot for a moment what question she was about to ask.
In her mind flashed the images of constellations. Schools never taught any such thing, the Social Cypher having control of the infrastructure that made scholastic texts. It was like the system wanted to keep people focused on everything but the skies, the limitless universe beyond the four continents of their world, Horebaxi, Davranis, the Tribelands, and the frozen Whitekeep. The Saints were never ones to be held down by the mass hypnotism machine, so several books about astronomy, constellations and their stories, and astrophysics had been written and stored in the Ajiulzi Depository. Partial copies of those books must have been spread, because some of the constellations were well known by peoples all over, tribesmen and city-folk alike.
Fas the Ram and Shim the Antelope came to mind, spurred by thoughts of those horrible, mutated creatures she fought earlier. Yursa’s Bear, favored in the far eastern forests. Gitta, Arrow of the Pure, one her Uncle June loved to point out despite it being only four bright stars in a simple formation. The Compass; Horse and Judgment; Celum’s Chisel; The Far-Lion. She only knew the twenty or so she was able to collect from stories and other stargazers before the sight of them started slowly leaking away. She truly missed seeing stars. When she was young, they were so incredibly clear in the night skies of Nebasht, a beach village. In the town to the north, where she committed the occasional minor crime, the street and house lights made them less bright, but no less gorgeous.
The silence that took over the circle of campfire, where Gastineo sat with plenty of space between him and anyone else, was disconcertingly thick. Everyone was still, but not completely. Saan could hear Nes swallowing, hear Evara adjust her crossed legs, hear Goner pick at the grass, and alongside the din of the local fauna in their standard routines. She stood as still as she could, looking at the fire, thinking, then finally spoke up.
“Why are we here?” Saan asked.
The hermit gazed down at the crackling fire, then at her, knowing that the question was for him. “Do you mean that philosophically? I assume not.”
“You know what I meant,” said Saan, her voice coming out firm and exasperated, and she didn’t care. “You mentioned Dastou’s favor earlier. You know what it is.”
“Yes, child, I do.”
The discomfort around the fire was made deeper, but Saan pressed on.
“So then what is it? I tire of stumbling, now more than ever. We need… something.”
“What you mean to say, is that you want significance. For the deaths of friends and strangers alike, and I happen to have some information you need.”
“Interpret it how you want, hermit, just tell me why we are here. What is the favor?”
Gastineo smiled. “You say ‘hermit’ as if I should be insulted. The same way I am sure you said ‘Saint’ before you spent some time at the Academy. Before your Uncle Junehara changed your mind little by little.”
The irritation within Saan threatened to boil over into a screaming rage. This old man knew so much, and he was being a vague bastard. Hinting and hinting, giving nothing. She had gotten some information out of him earlier, while they dug, but even then he was ambiguous. Gastineo’s outturned palms called for peace, and he slowly put them down while he talked, his glasses shimmering with firelight as he nodded once.
“I apologize, child, I do. You wanted to insult me, and I now prove that I am far better at turning your emotions instead. Do not test me again; I am too old to be tricked in that manner. Within days, you will know so much more of the world that this fire and this talk will seem like weeks prior. I will happily start by revealing the nature of the favor you came here for.”
Gastineo turned his lowered palms up now, to face up to the sky, a knowing smile on his face. What was he doing?
“You’re the favor,” said Nes. “It’s not a thing, or support like I figured. It’s just you.”
Gastineo looked dejected for a spare moment, lowering his hands to his knees. “Just? I come out of seemingly nowhere to save all of you, know far more about the war against Citizen Vaiss than you do, and you say the favor is just me?” He shook his head jokingly. “Now I feel genuinely insulted.”
“Then tell us why you’re so important,” said Evara flatly. “Stop screwing with us, you old bastard.”
“Hah!” said Gastineo with a chuckle. “I like you. As fiery as any Xaneefa I have ever met, assuredly.”
“And you’ve met a lot?” asked Goner in a nearly identical tone to his sister’s last statement.
“Many. I have spent extended time with a scant few, however. I travelled far and wide for knowledge, and all tribes carry some of what I needed, whether they knew it at the time or not. That is why I am important: I am a sheathed sword made strictly for this battle. I have made myself an implement of war through research, and am pleased to serve.”
“What knowledge have you collected,” started Saan, “that makes it worth Dastou sending us to retrieve you?”
“Oh, Cosamian Dastou has no idea that I am his favor. He is only doing as his mentor, Saint Lonoj Ornadais, planned. Dastou was, let’s see, fifteen years of age when this alliance between myself, the Saints, and the Ko Monasi was conceived. The Ko Monasi kept my existence within their lands a secret, and the Saints would provide knowledge of how to cultivate all the food they needed to survive, a far greater service that unbalanced the scale in favor of the Saints. If, at any time, representatives came for the repayment of that accumulated debt, the tribe would point them to me, and I would come along. Simple as that.”
“’Simple?’” Saan quoted. “A series of secret alliances and information trades, all to keep where you were a secret. In addition, the reason you are important is that you spent so much time before even those deals were made collecting information to use against an enemy that had not made himself known yet.”
“Alright,” Gastineo consented, “maybe ‘simple’ is the wrong word. I have become used to this situation, you see, this waiting. I have organized it all in my mind, and now I am nothing more than a tool to be used by Dastou. For the sake of that, I must show you all something else you will find intriguing.”
He started to dig into his small brown leather satchel, still belted to his waist, and pulled out something that glistened in the orange firelight the same way his thick glasses did. What he held was made of clear plastic, a rectangular cube identical in shape and size to the ones that they found in the monastery, the dozens that Vaiss took from them. He held it out, showing it off.
“You have seen of these before?”
“She and I did, yeah,” said Nes, indicating Saan. “We found them in an underground monastery below Stone-State.”
“I see, so that is where he hid that set.” Gastineo stretched out to his right, handing the cuboid to Goner, the closest person to him.
The boy took it, looked closely at it. “Is that hair in here?”
“Yes,” answered Gastineo. “Held as a sample of a Saint’s genetic material.”
Goner passed it to Evara, who also looked closely at it before voicing a query of her own.  “Why is it in there?”
“The genetic code of a Saint is a special thing,” said Gastineo. “They can access what they have named the Null Bank, for example, a knowledge base in their brains so deep and complex no one can see much of it without risking death. Enhanced hypnotic abilities and control of thought process efficiency is also exciting about their kind. These items may have been used to save genetic material for study by Citizen Vaiss.”
Evara handed the cuboid to Nes. He tossed it in the air flippantly, caught it, then gave it to Saan.
“That is all these are,” Saan wondered, “storage for samples?”
“No, not entirely. They are much more than that, and have one more special property to it that I can show right now.”
Gastineo extended his hand towards Saan, and she stood half up. Walking a step around the fire, she softly tossed the cuboid into the hermit’s waiting palm. As she squatted back down stiffly, he had the piece of plastic in one hand, a finger held in the air a couple of centimeters from touching the translucent surface.
“I have shown this to a scant few,” said Gastineo. “Each time, the reaction was the same.”
He smiled, and touched the cuboid with an index finger. A square of its surface lit up, a louder than should be possible chime accompanying the wan light, which faded almost instantly. The four agents stood up sharply, two bowls of stew flipping over and spilling on the ground near the stones that bordered the campfire.
“Holy shit!” exclaimed Nes. “It’s an interface!”
Gastineo nodded, smiled, but didn’t stand. The agents stared, all of them in a state of astonishment. The plastic was translucent. There were no visible wires, no transistors, no electronics of any kind that she understood. Yet there it was, tiny squares lighting up in pastel colors one by one as the hermit pressed the surface, almost instantly fading back to the milky color of the plastic. He turned it to another side, lit a few more squares, each making a different digital tick.
“It’s like a phone,” said Nes, the only one able to put together anything more than confusion and wonder at the little device. “Dial tones, for each little button. Does it have keys on all sides?”
“It does,” answered Gastineo. “It can get very complex.”
“So not like a phone,” Nes figured. “A phone is supposed to be easy to use, limited in scope so people don’t have to do much to memorize a lot of different contact information. Ten numbers at the most, but that thing…” Nes thought for a moment. “Forty keys total. Eight on the long sides if the square shapes are perfect all the way around, four on the small sides. Far more than the alphabet, even. Not a phone…”
“A key,” said Evara. “With that many hidden buttons, it’s meant to either lock or open something.”
“Or,” said Saan, “it is way of inputting codes for something hidden elsewhere. But how did we not press those buttons when we were passing…”
The cuboid interrupted by suddenly started to chime a musical pattern, several squares lighting up one at a time to show the notes, and Gastineo did not press any more buttons. When the chimes stopped, the hermit looked northwest expectantly. The ground started to rumble lightly, hardly more than vibrating. It wasn’t much of a shake, and only lasted about five seconds, but everyone was flustered. Goner and Evara looked a little pale, which was hard for their mocha skin tone to accomplish. Nes looked relieved it was over, and Saan felt the same way. She focused on Gastineo, who just stood there, arms crossed, smirking.
“You are partially correct,” said the hermit. “It can be programed to be a key, and even a bit of a lock, alongside being sturdy enough to store genetic samples. This plastic is quite unique in its usability and acceptance of digital coding.”
Saan stared hard at the old man. “Why did it not function when any of us touched it?” she repeated.
The nervous movement of the other agents after the trembling of the ground stopped. Saan kept her eyes locked and saw in her periphery that everyone had faced the same direction as her, faced the hermit.
“Because we also figured out how to limit use to particular DNA,” answered Gastineo plainly as he stuffed the cuboid into a travel pack at his hip.
“We?” asked Nes.
“We. Myself, Saint Lonoj Ornadais, a handful of others.”
Gastineo removed his glasses and put them in his travel sack. He looked straight at the ground and started to do something to one of his eyes in a strange motion, one hand using fingers to keep his eyelids open. Saan had seen this before, but where?
“We had worked hard,” said Gastineo while looking down, fiddling with his eye, “waited, knowing our long-time enemy Citizen Vaiss would return to finish us. Soon enough, Dastou came along, brilliant Dastou.” He changed position, using the other hand to hold the other eyelids open, and looked to be keeping something in that palm while his empty hand actually seemed to be gently touching the surface his eyeball. “He came up with the idea to start tracking the Social Cypher, start directly investigating it. Then, we saw more movement than ever. Vaiss gathering strength, collecting information. Killing Saints and entourage members and acquaintances left and right, all over the world, a frenzy of brutal, hate-filled deaths.”
Gastineo was done with his eyes, but did not look up. The hermit let whatever he held in a pair of fingers fall into the palm that held something already. His eyes faced the ground and his palm was open in his line of sight, two items glittering there.
He looked up, at Saan, at all of them, with bright, clear grey eyes the exact same as Dastou’s. The same as a Saint’s. What he held in his palm were contact lenses like Husband used to keep his changed eyes from being seen by the public.
“He was trying to suppress us,” Gastineo continued, “but this gave us what we needed. We learned little more of his end goals, honestly, but tracking his movements meant we could steal and study some of his tools. Like the cubes. We are ready, at last, but for now, I must act with haste. My apologies.”
“Apologies?” said Saan. “Forget an apology, I want know who you are? A member of an entourage?” She hesitated, but the words came of their own volition, quiet and reverent. “Are you a Saint?”
Gastineo didn’t answer. Instead, he threw the glittering objects, his honey-brown contact lenses, into the fire.
The hermit looked at the fire, waiting. “Another aspect of the plastic the little devices are made of: extreme compressive capabilities. Small things can hold much.”
Sharp crackling sounds escaped from the fire, louder than the burning wood, impossibly different and louder than two little contact lenses should make when set to fire. Extreme compressive capabilities.
A thin, wispy, light brown smoke sprung from the flames, and Saan became light-headed. It wasn’t a subtle change, or some nausea; her head started emptying itself of consciousness a fraction of a second after she heard the crackling, before she saw the smoke. She looked to her left, and the others were starting to collapse. She wanted to speak and couldn’t – her brain was shutting down. Saan fell to her knees, tears welling up in her eyes.
“Unfortunately,” said Gastineo from the other side of the fire, “I must make sure you are not going to try and kill me. Vaiss’s hypnotism is without compare. Any one of you could be working for him, even with the enhanced immunity the newer agents have. I have gained too much knowledge to lose it thanks to a knife in the back.”
Saan fell to her side, closed her eyes, and began to slip away.
“As I mentioned before,” said Gastineo, his voice swirling and echoing in Saan’s ears, the black behind her eyelids all she could see, “I apologize.”



Chapter 21: Crimes Alongside Declarations


“We banned slavery so long ago that it is now simply a fact of life, not a historical event. The Collective Cypher is a disgusting, depraved, amoral system of control; it is slavery. Setting it loose as we have makes us as degenerate as what that system implies, and I will not allow us to return to darker times, even if it means our demise.
“Will killing me solve all of your problems? Will executing me as an example to others not to fight large-scale decisions make it so what I set in place will not come to fruition? No. It is far too late. This anomaly will grow, a purpose-made error that will, in time, discover and thereafter break the system.
“This crime, as you call it, is mine to take pride in. Better this than a terrible, sanctioned act that makes my soul black with guilt. Our survival is not worth justifying a new form of suppression that harkens to an old one. Our survival should not be worth creating such dangerous precedent. So I gladly, happily die after what I have done to correct my, our, corruption.”
-Honorary Saint Junal Bin-Haak
-Spoken the last day of his trial on 77,498 counts of High Treason
*****
Husband had given Dastou a pretty incredible vessel. A slick-looking 24-meter cruiser that would have been the single most expensive item on Horebaxi if anyone knew about it. Ostensibly designed by Husband with help from unmentioned sources, removable painted planks on the outside of the boat made it look like a tan, bulky, ugly, workman-like small fishing boat when at the Hyugesten docks. After disembarking and getting a few kilometers from shore, Dastou, Crawford, and Trenna removed those planks, then sank them using weights. It took most of a day and tired everyone out completely to get the job done, but afterwards the thing looked like a white-with-black-trim dream machine.
A highly modified, torque-heavy siopane-hybrid engine that ran extremely quiet under normal load and hummed politely at full power would get them to Davranis North in five days rather than the nine Dastou predicted. Thanks to that vessel, newly renamed Eden Burning, a very old reference from a Saint-written book, words that for some reason stuck with Dastou, the voyage was actually relaxing. Hopefully the other group had as good of a time reaching their destination of Nebasht, but the way things had gone this past week – other than this relaxing sea expedition – each of them probably had a broken limb by now.
On this fourth day of their trip, Dastou was below deck, sitting at a small desk with a map taking up almost all of the flat workspace. Thinking about the others reminded him that Eden Burning isn’t the only siopane-hybrid engine out there. It is, however, the only one outside of isolationist hands. The other engines were all gifted to the Ko Monasi a few years ago – a gift to quell the tensions between the Academy and Saan’s tribe after she accepted his recruitment offer. They robbed her of her last name, de Kensing, for future use, but they shut up about the “insult” of taking away a promising young tribeswoman once they had the fastest speedboats in the world.
He had always planned on that situation, though, and had engineers designing and building the boats for months before he went to ask Saan-Hu to join his entourage. The Ko Monasi were already keeping a secret for him – more for his dead mentor, really – and coming to possibly take away a tribe member seemed like asking more than was necessary and would, as Lonoj Ornadais would say, “unbalance the scales.” He needed Saan to be able to return, so he made the deal: she was not fully exiled as would be the case normally, and they’d get some badass speedboats. It worked out. An added benefit was that Nebasht now had the ability to patrol the mineral-rich islands near them in case of infrastructure expansion in that direction.
 And Junehara Tain would tell Dastou everything. Husband was the spy on the Thousand Kilo Shore, Tain the informant on the Bluewell Archipelago. Dastou didn’t need Junehara to do that, and didn’t ask – he was already working with the Saints after his brother Sigrid joined an entourage over a decade before Saan’s recruitment. Dastou chuckled at how Saan-Hu’s family was so intimately tied to the DSF at high levels: she was his primary administrator, her uncle Sigrid Tain was one of the original entourage members that became Academy instructors, and her other uncle Junehara Tain was a spy and land scout. Dastou wondered if he should recruit Saan’s aunt and mother just to keep it going. Well, not the mother – by all accounts the woman was a bitch.
Trying to stop distracting himself, the Saint stopped slouching in his chair and looked at the map of the Baritr Ocean in front of him. He had scribbled a few notes and circles, mostly to point out seasonal weather patterns that might affect their trip. To do so, he had to meditate, entering the Null Bank for a few seconds at a time. Normally, he could stay there for hours, searching through imaginary libraries. A standard technique was to create a guide within the bank, a subconscious totem of sorts that would lead an equally subconscious version of a Saint into his or her own mind, deep, to the data hidden within all of their kind. The mental storehouse was massive, after all, and not knowing where to go would lead to a coma or death. Dastou’s totem was a talking apple pie. With pants and a belt.
Pie Pants would float around at chest level, its casual dark-brown trousers fluttering under it because, of course, it had no legs. Pies don’t have legs, obviously, just pants sometimes. When asked a question, it would answer in an ethereal, echoing voice, indicate the direction Dastou needed to go, help uncover the exact data wanted, and then show the way out when done. Pie Pants was nowhere to be found lately.
During this ocean voyage, Dastou would enter his branch of the Null Bank, one he built up for several years after becoming a Saint at ten years old. His version looked like a high-tech library, with diode-backlit displays in every aisle to help mark his path. He only found what he needed thanks to previous trips and those screens, following established routes, and then staggeringing out. The process was nightmarishly difficult without a guide. Instead of getting what he wanted quickly and leaving, it took him nearly an hour just to find some basic information about weather patterns. That’s something so minor it should take a few minutes at most. 
A secondary problem was that he couldn’t go back in for almost a full day at a time, unable to meditate properly, which could be blamed on having a Kaialus seizure only days ago thanks to Vaiss’ vocal Stitch. His brain was injured in a way he didn’t understand and was protecting itself from further injury, but it was still infuriating. Dastou had made just three very short visits into the Null Bank since leaving Hyugesten, and found himself unable to enter at all anymore.
It didn’t matter at this point, though, as this was the late afternoon of the fourth day of their journey, and they had only about eight hours before they would see Davranis North’s shoreline in the far distance. Slowing down when they got that close so as to avoid being spotted, it would be half-a- day after that before they reached it. So, instead of even trying to go into the Null Bank one more time, Dastou sat, thinking. At the very least he was doing an excellent job of figuring out how bad his odds were of ever stepping into Stone-State again if they really had four-hundred-eighty troops preparing to defend or lockdown the continent’s biggest city. To put it simply: they were very bad. He didn’t need Pie Pants to tell him that.
It was also to be noted that he made a calculated assumption that there were at least double that many armed men and women under Tryst’s, and therefore Citizen Vaiss’s, command. So let’s put it at around a thousand. They wouldn’t all be hypnotized, either, as the logistics of that were too much to handle, meaning many were simply patriotic folks convinced to do the “right thing,” to protect their home against the menace that was Saint Cosamian Dastou and his Davranis Security Force. Stone-State’s armed force was the largest organized regional army ever seen on this planet of just over three million inhabitants. The meeting with the council made sense now: a political pretense, making it seem as if the councilors tried to find a peaceful solution to what they felt were constant, small insults to their sovereignty. Just how long ago was that army planned, and how many of those councilors knew about it? All of them?
Dastou laughed at himself. He’d been so busy dealing with the small things, with just trying to survive, to help his friends, to deal with an ever-increasing number of oddities, that he didn’t connect those dots until he had literally nothing else to do. He sat back in his chair, a frustrated self-flagellating smile on his face. If there was even one other Saint alive, some of this may have been figured out sooner. What had he done in these last few years? Other than ignore a growing conspiracy across the ocean. It sometimes seemed like he got more in-depth thinking done when he was a drunk.
No, that was a lie. It was truly terrifying for him to remember how he used to make himself nearly black out every other night with alcohol, how his immunity to hangovers or addiction made it easy to pick a full bottle of something or other and get to work on draining it. How he enjoyed the pointless sex with women that were practically strangers, and even a few early recruits. Lonoj Ornadais helped him finish the Academy, helped him sober up. He got very little done on his own while binging and wallowing in misery.
Alright, that’s enough self-pity. He kept himself busy all the time because he had a tendency to go into that nice little depression if left alone long enough, and he was tired of it, despite his inability to stop it sometimes. Even a few minutes of that mood sucked away at his energy. That was plenty of it for the day as he’d been sitting alone thinking for a couple of hours, and Dastou decided to go count the food supplies and check the fuel. If he couldn’t find the weather patterns he needed in the Null Bank, he’d have to make sure they could properly ration supplies if they had to take the long way around a big storm. He really needed to go do something productive, even if he might still become mildly depressed while counting protein bars and dried meat.
The Saint stood up, stretched, and got a look at himself in a small mirror near the corner of the cabin. His brown skin, which always made his flat grey eyes seem brighter than they really were, had changed little in the sun and salty sea air – not unexpected – and he just re-shaved his head the day before, along with what little scruff had grown on his jaw. He replaced his torn clothing with the exact same styles in Hyugesten: a waist length leather jacket, white buttoned shirt, heavy-duty black jeans, and dark brown boots. His small trunk in the corner for clothing, next to ones for Trenna Geil and Crawford Zedhani, held more identical shirts and pants since Dastou treated his current outfit like a uniform, which meant what to wear was one thing less to think about each day. Husband must have started looking for all that the second he got a call from Saan, because he had the clothes in house and all in Dastou’s size an hour before he showed them Eden Burning. After he had showered and changed the next morning, he was glad to at least look okay. Better than the bruised mess he was when he got to Hyugesten. The Saint sighed, scratched at his post-shave itching jaw, and turned to walk out.
“What the hell!?” cursed Crawford, his surprise evident not only in his voice but in using a very taboo word.
“Oh, no…” Trenna had gasped at the same time.
Their voices came down from the deck, but in the quiet late afternoon and with the engine of this speedy cruiser being nearly whisper-silent, Dastou heard them clearly. He jogged up the narrow handful of steps to the stern, made a sharp turn forward, then walked quickly to the bow, where the second radio was placed. The first radio, in the cabin, was non-functional – it was the only thing wrong with this vessel so the Saint had no place to complain. Near the on-deck radio is where he found the others, the lanky redhead Crawford squinting at the radio as if to ask for an explanation, and the pretty almond-eyed civvie Trenna with her hands covering her mouth in shock.
Crawford heard Dastou coming and spoke without looking. “Take a listen, boss.” He turned up the radio. “This is entirely ridiculous.”
A familiar, haughty voice came from the radio, practiced and clear: Councilor Jandal Tryst. His voice was stern, focused, methodically timed, and slightly indignant.
“…Murders of our citizens have forced our hand. Stone-State will declare itself free from the manipulations of Saint Cosamian Dastou and his armed forces, and we do so with our own military might. We are currently capable of keeping them out of our borders and any other land of Horebaxi we are asked to defend. Regrettably, our first duty must also be to place the aforementioned escapees under arrest. Cosamian Dastou, Nesembraci Jaydef, Saan-Hu, the traitor civilian Trenna Geil, and at least five other unnamed Davranis Security Force agents are asked to remand themselves to the authority of Stone-State to answer for their crimes and present evidence of their innocence, if there is any.”
The last was said a little sarcastically, with a slight a pause before continuing.
“With their actions of late, we are certain that they will do no such thing. Therefore, we must seek out these criminals on our own terms, with our own resources, and with immediacy. Stone-State is officially declaring our intent of defensive aggression against the Davranis Security Force, its training school the Ornadais Academy, any of its agents that try to prevent the arrest of the aforementioned criminals, and any others that try to keep us from our lawful duties. We will make ourselves and our commitment seen and known soon after this message is heard.”
That was it, the end of the message. There was a pregnant pause as everyone waited by the radio, looking at it, expecting something more. When Tryst’s voice came back on after the long minute of waiting, Crawford groaned in disgust.
“This is Councilor Jandal Tryst, a chosen representative and citizen of Stone-State. I must lamentably use this message to…”
Crawford turned the radio off. “It’s the same thing he already said. He talks about the attack against his city, the death and destruction, so on.”
“Making sure it plays again and again,” said Dastou. “Making sure it’s heard everywhere until they make themselves ‘seen and known,’ I guess.”
“I don’t completely understand the message,” said Trenna. “What does ‘defensive aggression’ mean?”
“It’s a made up stack of words,” explained Dastou, “to make something very dark seem far nobler. Take away the pointlessly extravagant talk and it’s easy to see what it really means.”
“War,” said Crawford. “They are declaring war on the DSF in the most outright fanciful way possible.”
“Exactly. Using words like ‘lawful,’ ‘traitor,’ ‘authority.’” Dastou exaggerated each of the quoted words in an impersonation of the councilor’s high-and-mighty tone. “Tryst is making Stone-State out to be a peace-keeping force, out to find and capture criminal scum, and they will only fight back if necessary.”
“How do they declare war on a school of all things?” asked Trenna.
“Technically speaking, they can’t,” answered Crawford. “The DSF isn’t sovereign, so Stone-State is acting against a seemingly rogue organization that tramples across borders.”
“But,” added Dastou, “Citizen Vaiss has to be in control of all this and what he wants is the data we’ve gathered and catalogued on the Social Cypher. To get that, he’d need to get into Davranis Central, reaching the Academy and DSF.”
“From what you’ve said, though,” Crawford piped in, not realizing that Dastou had only paused, not stopped talking entirely, “he can hypnotize even you. I imagine he could just walk on in, using a Stitch here and there to get past any students guarding doorways.”
“Machines aren’t susceptible to hypnotism,” explained Dastou after a barely-there sigh at the interruption. “I could design facial-recognition software and have any cameras that see him even at a great distance shut themselves off and then start a command chain that locks down the school. He can’t get in on his own no matter what.”
“So he has Tryst act like he’s hunting criminals,” figured Trenna, “and should be allowed in.” She glanced at Dastou. “You already guessed that, didn’t you? That’s why we’re going to Davranis North, because that’s easier for him.”
Dastou nodded. “Essentially, yeah. I was only theorizing, though, not thinking it would become part of some fake declaration of war. It’s not like Davranis Central’s mish-mash joke of a government could do anything to mount a defense anyway.”
“Yeah, it’s too big for that,” said Trenna, head down and thinking, speaking low. “A few interconnected city-states in a kind of mega-city, the only place really considered a ‘country.’”
A pause. Trenna looked up and flicked her eyes back and forth between a staring Crawford and Dastou.
“That is… correct,” grumbled Crawford, eyes squinting with suspicion at the young woman. “I personally like to think of the ‘leaders’ as a congregation of squabbling children.”
“That’s pretty much on the mark,” Dastou agreed. “Luckily with the school centered there, I mediate a lot of that squabbling. This time there won’t be any: Stone-State will not be allowed to enter freely. That’s the one thing the government will do without any of their pointless arguing and posturing. This big speech on the radio was a mistake – they are just adding to those who won’t trust them, and I’ll bet anything it was Tryst’s idea, not Vai…”
“Oh what in black hell!?” Crawford called out.
Again, the highly taboo curse grated in Dastou’s ears, but he didn’t have time to denounce that or the interruption before the young agent ran a stride to a table bolted to the bow, opened a satchel strapped on the underside of the furniture, and took out a pair of binoculars. He put them on, looked northeast, almost directly where the cruiser was aimed, and cursed slightly less offensively under his breath.
“Sir…” said Crawford before a pause, a tone that could only be described as silent fear entering his voice. That was alarming, as Crawford had little open fear for almost anything. “Tryst isn’t sending a few soldiers to get you.”
The redhead held out the binoculars and Dastou took them. Trenna retrieved the sniper’s wavelength monocular she’d been playing around with the last few days. Tools in hand, they looked out to the ocean where Crawford pointed.
“Ah, fuck,” said the Saint.
A few kilometers away, things that could be best described as angular, sideways, floating metal buildings cut the waters. They were similar to cargo container vessels, but sleeker, more pointed, more dangerous-looking. Each was huge and well-armed, with cannons at least five times as large as the tiny figures on the decks, one to port and one to starboard. Smaller, higher-repetition cannons inside the ship weren’t visible, but four big slots on either side of the hull were meant for them, allowing them to be concealed or protected until they were in use. The fore and aft decks were meant for people to be able to walk on, but the center third of the vessel was connected with the hull, leaving no place for people to walk from front to back without going inside. Thick antennae poked at the air from the center section’s curved roof. A flash in Dastou’s mind reminded him of something he saw just once in the Null Bank, and had ignored as useless information. Not so, he realized, because it gave him a name for this weapon on the water he was staring at.
“Warships,” Dastou said in a half-whisper. “Those are called warships.”
“War-what?” asked Crawford.
“They are just what the name implies. There’re different kinds, but I only see one kind here, in the destroyer category, five of them. These look heavily stripped down, though, missing a lot of radio antennae and small arms stationary artillery. The crews must be stripped down, too. I’d say… fifty at the absolute minimum. One-hundred-and-twenty at the most.
“Five ships,” echoed Trenna. “So that’s at least two-hundred-and-fifty soldiers from their army.”
“Sailors from their navy,” Dastou corrected. “Yeah… that’s a lot.
“At any rate we know how serious Jandal Tryst is about coming to arrest us,” said Crawford.
“Bringing five brand new warships,” said Dastou, “and so many sailors isn’t something you do to arrest someone. They’re going to attack.”
Dastou felt the tingle of a great new challenge ahead of him, and despite the fact that the toned down destroyers ahead could cause the deaths of thousands almost entirely unopposed, he felt good, and he smiled.
“Attack?” squealed Crawford, his voice nearly breaking before he got a hold of himself, the uncharacteristic fear still lingering. “Attack who, DavNo?”
“Yup,” answered Dastou. “And we’re the only ones who know about it. So guess what we have to go do?” The smile didn’t leave his face as he took the binoculars from his eyes and handed them back to Crawford.
“I’d rather not, sir.”
“That’s okay,” said the Saint cheerily, “I’ll tell you anyway.” He leaned close to the redhead, and spoke only loud enough for the three of them to hear, as if they were being spied on. “We get to go tour a brand-new warship. How exciting.”
Dastou’s voice was menacing, dark, sharp, the stuff of a small child’s nightmares. Crawford kept his eyes from going wide, but the effort of doing so was abundantly clear. Trenna put down her monocular, a worried look on her face.
“How incredible and exciting,” said Dastou, and he felt the smile fading to form the stony façade he saved for threats. People were going to die today.



Part 4: Flags



Chapter 22: The Latest Weaponry


By the time night fell, Eden Burning had caught up to the nearest destroyer, named SSDC-01-04 according to lettering on the hull – and renamed Fat Duck because Dastou refused to call it that dumb number-filled designation. The black sky was the only witness to Dastou’s team sneaking closer and closer to the Stone-State warship, the cruiser’s siopane-hybrid engine already whisper quiet and then entirely inaudible compared to the pumping, churning, behemoth engines of the destroyer. Dastou masterfully guided his small vessel to the port stern of the larger one, and Crawford was ready with a big-bodied grappling hook launcher that had lots of coiled rope.
A few meters away from it and most of their entire forward view was blocked by the steel of the destroyer’s hull. Dastou glided the boat with care closer and closer, the wake from the larger vessel giving him some trouble and causing him to instinctively tighten his grip on the cruiser’s wheel to keep waves from steering him off course. From inside the navigator’s area, half his forward view was the steel hull of the destroyer, the last in the line of five of them heading for Davranis North. The other half of what he could see was empty, calm ocean. The stark difference between technology and nature that he was witnessing was filed away in his mind for a future subject in a philosophy course.
Dastou got Eden Burning’s starboard side parallel with the warship and with half a meter separating the two. The cruiser had some of the same auto-pilot technology the Caravan sported, though with a much smaller onboard computer. Dastou and Crawford quickly cobbled together a program that used proximity sensors to tell Eden Burning to stay a very specific distance away from an object for three minutes, and then take off southwest for a few kilometers. The Saint had a remote that would call it back to him in an inside pocket of his jacket.
Crawford still held the grappling hook launcher at the ready. At a nod from the Saint through the steering area’s window, he hefted it up, aimed, and fired. The hook launched out with a subdued pffft sound and flew upward, a black rope trailing loosely behind. It went over the railing a little over twenty yards up, and Trenna started to pull on the rope gently when it was clear of any obvious obstacles. In a moment it caught, so she pulled harder to check it, then harder again. It was secure. Crawford thumbed a button on the fat launcher and the barrel opened up, releasing the remaining coil rope. He put the launcher away in a crate and locked it while Trenna secured the rope to a loop on Eden Burning’s deck using a complicated knot that Dastou taught her. She grabbed three pairs of climbing gloves, the kind that featured silicone on the palms, and handed some out when Crawford and Dastou met her at the rope.
The men looked at what they had, realized each had two of the same glove, either left or right, and exchanged one of each. When Dastou looked at Trenna, she gave him a slightly embarrassed smile and head tilt. The trio quickly put on their gloves, and Crawford looked up just in time to see Dastou glaring at him. The redhead still had his white, thigh-length lab coat on, which wasn’t exactly ideal for infiltration.
“If we get seen, we get shot,” said Crawford while fiddling with the thumb of a glove until it was on perfectly. “It’s not as if they won’t know who we are from our eyes. She’s no better,” he added, indicating Trenna.
She was wearing a tan-colored, insulated jacket to guard against the northern cold they were in, so she’d be just as easy to spot. They hadn’t really planned on shadow-slinking when they left on their boat ride. Dastou adjusted his own gloves, tightened the fabric-and-hook straps on the backs of his hands, and took to the rope first.
“So we’re sure about not using weaponry?” asked Crawford again, speaking over the destroyer’s engines. “Even against a literal army?”
Dastou spoke while he put one foot on the handrail of Eden Burning and the other against the Fat Duck’s hull, tilting his body back at an angle before starting his climb. “People are going to die today,” called the Saint, saying aloud his earlier internal prediction. “There’s going to be enough blood, I think. Let’s keep what’s on our own hands at a minimum. Though even playing it safe…”
He let his words hang with purpose, glanced back at Trenna, who nodded to indicate that by now she understood how far they may have to go to survive. Dastou climbed, steadily keeping three points of contact with his four limbs. His boots and the rest of his team’s footwear featured a sprayed-on coating on the bottom that was not noticeable under normal circumstances, but would provide extraordinary grip on wet surfaces. It was a necessity for the boat ride and Husband already had a ton of the stuff for his own use. For this task it made the Saint’s footwork against the steel hull of the destroyer as sure as he could ever hope for, and he climbed with confidence.
He looked back a couple of times while making the short vertical trek, Trenna and Crawford climbing steadily behind him as the cruiser waited below, the auto-pilot adjusting to make sure the boat was a certain distance from the steel. Wow was this ever dangerous. He also took note of how Crawford’s lab coat fluttered in the light ocean wind, helping him look superbly heroic for such a whiner.
Dastou reached the aft deck, which featured a belly-high glass partition so no one could slide off the vessel in turbulent, slippery weather. The grappling hook had caught on the steel handrail atop the glass bordering. He climbed over that glass making sure not to touch the hook at all, landed softly in a crouch, and looked around. Small but powerful diode lights were placed at even intervals on the hull to his left and on the poles that stabilized the glass partition surrounding the deck. It made it easy to see several square hatches built onto the deck, three along the port side and three on starboard; missile tubes. Standing on the center one-meter-squared hatch on the starboard side and directly across the deck from Dastou was a moss-green-with-white-trim uniformed sailor.
The lowered compliment of this crew meant only that single sentry was on the aft deck, at the moment facing away from Dastou; they had made the climb here having not seen any patrols and now the Saint knew why. The sailor was leaning forward, an elbow on the railing, looking out at the sea when he should have been walking around the aft deck at a regular pace or at regular intervals. The Saint guessed that the few days at sea for this new navy meant weariness was starting to set in, making room for boredom. Dastou walked up to him, tapped him on the shoulder. When he stood straight up and turned around, his eyes went wide.
“Sorry, pal,” said Dastou, then knocked the guy out with a single punch.
The sentry crumpled to the deck, and the Saint grabbed the unconscious sailor by the shoulders, began dragging him closer to the bulkhead that featured hatches that would be his way into Fat Duck’s inner compartments and passageways. While hauling the unfortunate sentry’s body, he saw that both Trenna and Crawford had made their way onboard. She was cutting the grappling hook’s rope while he fiddled with a palm-sized remote that featured a backlit view screen. When he finished up, so did she, and Dastou was done with pulling the body. The other climbers looked at him, and he waved them over to where he was near a standing hatch. Trenna took the rope-less grappling hook, tossed it overboard, and followed Crawford to the bulkhead near the Saint.
Before the others got to him, Dastou took his gloves off, stuffed them in a pocket, and looked out towards east-north-east, where Fat Duck was headed. He could make out a line on the horizon that stretched as far south as he could see, but cut off closer to the northern end: DavNo. They were getting close, and at the speed of this navy, they’d get there in the middle of the night, an almost certainly deliberate stealthy arrival.
He also looked down, at the glass partition supported by steel poles that ended at half his height. Dastou didn’t remember much from his brief glance of this type of vessel in the trip to the Null Bank where he ran into the blueprints a few years ago, but he knew for sure that reinforced neirdite quartz – the single strongest transparent material on the planet if you don’t count diamond – was not be part of the original design. The Saint sighed inwardly at the thought of Vaiss not only being able to access the Null Bank, the only way possible for him to help Stone-State build these secret war machines, but being able to add and modify to what he saw in the mental repository of knowledge. He knew Vaiss wasn’t a Saint, but evidence continued to pile up that he may be far more than that.
Hcould hear from their footsteps that Trenna and Crawford got to him, so Dastou turned to face them. They had put away their gloves already.
“Where to next, sir?” the redheaded agent asked.
Dastou indicated the hatch a meter away with a head tilt.
“Obviously,” said Crawford. “I meant once inside. What is our goal?”
“Nothing specific,” admitted the Saint. “I just want to see if we can get a better idea of what we’re going to deal with if this is the type of weaponry that is going to war against the DSF.”
“How… uninspiringly bland.”
Dastou raised an eyebrow. “You expected more? You should know better by now: I’m full of shit half the time. Get inside.”
Crawford shook his head once before he pushed up a chest-high lever with a slight grunt of effort and pulled it using the rubberized hand grip, the big metal hatch squeaking open. Just as Dastou led the way in, a delightfully ominous peal of lightning was spotted off to the east, flashing through thick clouds that were hard to gauge the distance of in the darkness. The Saint smiled.
Shockingly, Trenna led the way quickly and efficiently into the destroyer’s corridor. The lights above eye level inside the ship seemed to have been stepped down to half strength; a good idea that meant sailors could quickly adjust to the night outside if they had to be on deck. Once all three of them were inside, Trenna did not stop to look back as she continued to lead without permission. She scooted against the wall, moved down the passageway foot over foot, making as little noise as a stalking cat, and waited at the end where it forked. Trenna’s back was flat against the bulkhead, her head indicating that she was listening.
Crawford and Dastou followed her lead, the look on the former’s face when he glanced backward one of aggravation. The Saint didn’t give a damn – she went ahead of him and behaved as she should, better than Mr. Chemistry back here might have done. When they met up a couple of seconds later, she didn’t explain herself.
“Someone’s coming,” Trenna whispered.  “It sounds like footsteps on stairs somewhere ahead. There are steps down here right next to me, too, lots of noise coming from there. That’s where we should go; the noise will cover us.”
She looked sideways, back to the others, and the confusion of her reaction when seeing Crawford’s pissed off face was incredible. Even better, she ignored him and asked Dastou: “Is something wrong?”
“Well, uh…” said Dastou. “You kind of took over just now.”
“Oh…” she said, as if she just remembered where she was and who she was talking to. “Uh… Sorry, it was just instinct. I’ve done this a lot.”
“I bet. Lead on, then, Trenna. Crawford couldn’t handle it anyway.”
“How would you know?” asked the indignant redhead.
Dastou pointed at himself. “Headmaster.” He pointed more closely at his own chest. “Saint. In charge. Trenna, we’ll follow you.”
“Er, yes, sir.”
Also to be noted: Dastou enjoyed having two people around him saying “sir.” Trenna looked into the corridor again after acknowledging that she’d stay ahead. She sidled nervously forward a step, then stealthily turned the corner to the right and instantly headed down the flight of steps she mentioned a moment before. The others followed. On the tips of her toes, Trenna walked down the steps without pausing until reaching the metal-grated floor below. Just like the hallways above, the lights were stepped down to half.
On the landing, Trenna only stopped for a pair of seconds to get her bearings, then moved to the left, still tip-toeing as she moved around a big piece of humming machinery that went from the floor to the overhead compartment. She moved swiftly, a palm gliding along a handrail on her right. With only a third of a meter’s worth of space to either side of Dastou, there would only be room for one person normally, two if they were passing each other. The ship was built to house as much machine as possible and as few people as necessary.
Trenna kept going, stopping at the next corner to listen for enemies. There was a lot of noise, not only from the engines and other machinery, but from people. Sailors chatted all around them. A card game that went badly last night; why this gauge isn’t working unless you tap it; the smell of new paint finally going away; bickering about a girlfriend; bickering about a boyfriend. There was laughing, grunting, huffing and puffing, yawning, friendly mocking. It was like the Academy whenever Dastou went to the mess hall during the hours around noon. He didn’t have to eat there, he wanted to – he loved that big room full of grey-eyes and camaraderie.
Satisfied that no one was incredibly close, Trenna moved ahead. One turn, and another, the tight spaces a maze. Seriously, where was she going with so much focus? 
As they moved, several minutes passing as they moved ahead, doubled back a few steps to avoid being seen, took another path, made more “progress,” Dastou took note of the gunmetal grey on gunmetal grey theme, the same as the deck above. Some of the myriad pipes, the smaller ones, were copper in color, valves here and there were red or green to easily stand out, and the backing of stations with gauges for different pressures and temperatures were black hard plastic. Most pipes marked every meter with a few letters and numbers indicating what was in it. Thinner pipes that carried electronic cabling ran all over, reaching corners, the ceiling, sometimes connecting to lights. This was the engine and maintenance area, and it looked exactly like the Caravan’s underbelly.
Saint Lonoj Ornadais designed the Caravan. Dastou’s mentor, when showing off the drawn-up plans for the first time, claimed that it was a unique, complex amalgamation of big-engine cargo barges and subway trains. Dastou now realized that it was all a lie. The main inspiration had to be the type of vessel they were in now. By the fucking void, half the pipes in the mobile headquarters featured wording that was a perfect match for what he saw here. Ornadais didn’t build the Caravan as a neat little nerve center that used the abandoned subway rails for travel: he built a warship. Dastou had the first war machine ever built right under his nose the whole time he ran the Academy, and across the ocean a fleet of them were built under his nose by Stone-State. He needed a substantially better nose.
Trenna reached a bulkhead, waited for a minute. Then two, then three. It was enough time to witness four sailors walking in and out of this big room, check a gauge or meter, and walk out.
“What are we waiting for?” asked Crawford in a whisper. “Let’s go elsewhere if that spot is too busy.”
Trenna shook her head and matched his volume. “The Social Cypher always builds things so that maps or guides are at upper right corners. That’s up ahead.” She indicated the space a few strides ahead of them.
“That room is not a corner,” argued Crawford, “it is as wide as the ship itself, so there’s no way to hide.”
Trenna was still. The redhead was right, she had accidentally gotten them stuck. Dastou thought about how much more open city spaces were, how fewer people would take up the same area. From the sounds of it, at least four people were in the room ahead, which Dastou couldn’t fully see past Crawford and Trenna in the tight walkway. How would this normally work for the homeless in Stone-State, when they wanted something and needed people to move away?
“Do you want a distraction?” asked Dastou. “Those sailors have jobs to do, they won’t leave their station unless relieved, probably.”
“Oh. Um…,” started Trenna. “Yeah, if they could be pulled away somehow, that would work. I could take a quick look at the map when they’re gone.”
“Alright, I can take care of that, but how do we leave?”
She looked into the room. “There’s a door at the end that says it leads to stairs.”
“But that means,” said Crawford to Trenna as if speaking to a dullard, “he’d be going back the way he came, letting the sailors know where he went.”
When Crawford looked back to Dastou expecting agreement, the Saint only stared at him with slit-eyed annoyance. “Oh? Well, the good news is I’m me and you’re a trained combatant, so we’ll probably be okay. Trenna, we will go distract them if you feel up to taking a look at the map and heading up on your own first.”
Trenna’s eyes got a little wide at the same time Crawford’s body language said he felt like he had to babysit or things would go wrong. She took her time to respond.
“I can do that,” Trenna stated firmly after a few seconds. “I can do that.”
“Okay. Let’s go, Crawford.”
Dastou walked off without hesitation, back to the corner they turned to get here, and heard the redheaded agent follow after a few seconds. The Saint tried to remember why he brought Crawford along to Stone-State to begin with and made a short mental list of those with the same talents that would be less insubordinate.
When the pair made it to the middle of three narrow walkways that would lead to the bigger room, he stayed back far enough so he wouldn’t be seen before he wanted to be, vanishing backwards into the corridor maze if need be. The room had two levels, one just a meter below the first in the center of the space. That lowered section was square and had two big, intricate, cylinder-shaped pieces of machinery hooked up with an array of pipes and cables that disappeared below the floor, a short set of steps at each corner leading down. A pool of light-blue coolant could be seen through gaps in cables and the grated floor, bubbling mildly. The grated flooring meant that Dastou could also follow the wiring to all three bulkheads, a sailor at each reading gauges or taking notes.
Dastou dug into a pocket and removed a Stitch made of wax paper and with the command words printed using Xaneefa ink. It had an adhesive on the blank side, so he removed the protective backing and stuck it to himself just above his right pectoral muscle, his usual spot. He glanced to Crawford.
“Some of these soldiers may be affected by Citizen Vaiss’s Stitch work and resist mine,” said Dastou. “They’ll be your job.”
He moved straight ahead towards the square dip in the floor with the machines, not bothering to step lightly, his boots clanking against the grating. All three sailors looked in his direction, and he faced forward so that they all got a good look at the Stitch. Each of them, as soon as they saw him, twitched a little, and then got back to whatever it is they were doing. Something was wrong. Knowing that either Trenna or Crawford would likely rush forward at this apparent success, he put up his hand in an easily understood “stop” gesture.
The Stitch he was using read “look at me and stay still,” a new concoction he came up with in Hyugesten before leaving on his sea voyage. It did not even remotely say “take a good look and go back to your duties, gentlemen.” If it succeeded, he could pull out another command Stitch and have them follow harmlessly behind him. If it failed they would raise alarms. The sailors registered the suggestion, and their only reaction was to full-on not give a damn. These three men were unbalanced. That meant that hypnotism was working within them differently than it should, causing unpredictable behavior. A minute went by with his hand up as Dastou watched the men work quietly and diligently and thought hard about what was going on.
Being unbalanced was in the same realm of oddity as being a natural like Trenna. Except being unbalanced was rarer by a factor of ten. Yet three of them stood right here, in the most unexpected place possible. Dastou walked around the square drop in the room, paced close to all three sailors, thinking. He decided to risk doing something unbelievably dangerous to himself, and went to the sailor near the middle who was checking some wide meters and hanging charts diligently, more so than he was before the failed Stitch.
The Saint bent down, calmed himself, and began to lift the hem of the Stone-State uniform pants to get a good look at this man’s left ankle. Nothing there. He heard Crawford rushing into the room.
“Stop! The seizure!” The redhead was not even trying to be quiet.
Dastou ignored him, checked the right ankle and found a Stitch. Crawford was right behind him now, and put a hand on a shoulder to stop the Saint.
“Trenna,” Dastou called without looking away from the tattooed ankle, feeling perfectly fine despite having just risked a Kaialus seizure. He heard the young woman walking into the space before talking to her without looking, studying the simple ankle tattoo. “Check the map.”
“Sure.”
Dastou stood up, ignored the sailor, and faced his agent, who was thoroughly confused.
“Are you… alright?” asked Crawford.
“Yeah, let’s take a look at where things are in this ship and get up a level.”
Without hesitating, Dastou went to the door a couple strides away, opened it, and ordered Crawford through with a gesture. He looked at Trenna, who was studying a meter-squared piece of paper hanging in an indentation of the wall. She finished and met him at the door just as someone could be heard heading into the gauge room. She ran up the steps and he pushed the heavy metal hatch, leaving it ajar so it wouldn’t make noise, and then walked silently up the steps to meet his comrades.
Before reaching the top, he heard whoever had been coming into the gauge room address the sailors thanks to the crack left in the doorway. It was a woman’s voice, not too young by the sound.
“I thought I told you three to start sending me reports every ten minutes since the coolant pressure meters started acting up. Why haven’t…” The woman hesitated. “What are you doing? Pay attention when an officer is speaking.” Another pause.
The woman’s steps could be heard getting closer. She waited wherever she was, then took a few steps away, maybe going from one of the unbalanced sailors to another. Then she spoke three words in a language Dastou did not know, and it gave the Saint a minor piercing pain in the back of his eyes for a fraction of a second.
The three sailors spoke up at once in the same monotone cadence, and a chill ran up the Saint’s spine at the hollow echoing sound of their simultaneously articulated words.
“Saint Cosamian Dastou has been seen,” all three sailors said.
First came the woman’s running footsteps, then a very short pause, followed by the blaring of an alarm so sudden and so loud Dastou was startled momentarily before running as fast as he could up the steps to the main deck.



Chapter 23: Far From The Path


Ping-clang! Ping-clang!
Another pair of ricocheting bullets. These green and white sailors needed better training or bigger brains. Firing off a pistol in an all-metal warship down a narrow hall, trying to hit something through a small window in a cabin door, was pretty stupid no matter how you look at it.
The complex communications equipment of the warship’s “Radio Room,” as a sign outside the sealed door called it, took up two of four walls in the small space. An L-shaped operating station filled a corner, and the two other two walls featured diagrams, codes, frequency charts, and other instructional material. That was another terrible idea, seeing as how any enemy that boarded could, in a heartbeat, have access to everything needed to undermine an entire navy. Stone-State was very new at this “full-scale war” thing. Technically, so was Dastou, but at least he wasn’t an idiot.
Switches, toggles, turn-knobs of various sizes, lit and plain buttons, each by the dozens, took up space on most of the radio equipment. A half-dozen screens showed bits and pieces of information and graphs related to operating the devices they were attached to. Again, it looked disconcertingly similar to the Caravan’s communications room. Dastou sat in the bolted-down metal chair at the L-shaped corner desk’s pivot point, where the operator would be within reach of every major knob, button, and toggle. The radio was intricate, sure, but those instructions on the posters were clear and easy to reference. As the Saint started dialing the frequency he wanted on a knob, he looked over his shoulder to see Trenna and Crawford pulling the knocked out comms operator and his guard over to a corner to keep them safe from possible friendly fire. Dastou faced the radio again, put on the already plugged-in headset, and made a connection to an unsecure line.
“That should be fine,” said Crawford. “Let’s look for something useful.”
Sounds of scrounging around came from the shelves on one of the walls, lots of clinking and shoving as Trenna and Crawford looked around.
“I’m sorry, but I think I need an explanation,” said Trenna. “I don’t understand what an ‘unbalanced’ is.”
“I can relate it to you to make it clearer,” answered Dastou while he fiddled with knobs. “You’re what we call a ‘natural,’ Trenna, someone almost entirely immune. An unbalanced is the opposite: completely, totally susceptible. Unfortunately their brains also respond differently than what the hypnotic suggestion actually wants.”
“Is that common?” she wondered.
“One in a thousand is a natural. One in thirty-thousand is unbalanced. It’s rare to the point that having three of them in the same room should be nearly impossible.”
“Yet…” stated Crawford sarcastically. “Do you suppose they’re all unbalanced, all of Stone-State’s army and navy?”
“Not a chance,” said Dastou. “That’s way too risky. Having an armed force full of people who might pull out a grenade and blow themselves up when they see a Stitch that says ‘eat a slice of this birthday cake’ would be nuts.” The Saint almost had the frequency he wanted, and dialed the search knob down a step before going back to the frequency turner. “It’s more likely Citizen Vaiss put that tattoo on some to make them unbalanced, all in order to make them have a controlled response to outside hypnotism.”
“Or made them voluntary,” added Trenna, then grunted as she threw something metal to the side. “I have four small tattoos from my tribe on my upper arm. They’re small, meant to signify completed tasks. Two of them are voluntary.” 
“Ah, a prideful thing,” figured Crawford. “Patriotic, signaling one as being special, brave even. That would make sure enough of them had it done.”
That made a lot of sense. Sadly, it also means that any soldiers or sailors made unbalanced by the tattoo would die within three years. A Saint a few generations back – whom no one liked to think about too often – was using human experimentation to comprehend the limits of his power with hypnotism. Part of that was making people unbalanced to see if there was a way to control the suggestion given so the result was still predictable. All of those unfortunate subjects died of a brain hemorrhage at around the same time frame, three years after the experiment began. Usually the death occurred minutes after a complete psychotic breakdown that nearly always resulted in shocking, overwhelming violence. The psychotic Saint even tried to unbalance himself and found it impossible, which is why the specialized tattoo Stitch on the sailors below deck didn’t affect Dastou.
Admittedly, the technique made sense. Manipulating hundreds of ultra-obedient soldiers with a complex tattooed Stitch would take a very long time. Making a number of them unbalanced required far less intricacy and reinforced Citizen Vaiss’s seemingly desperate impatience. He wanted to destroy the information the DSF had on the Social Cypher so badly that he would make a temporary armed force that would collapse due to the nature of unbalanced grunts and the eventual deranged, violence-filled few minutes before their deaths. The result could be the deaths of hundreds, maybe thousands if the unbalanced had access to, say, a fleet of destroyers with missiles and cannons ready to go. 
What exactly had the DSF accidentally collected that some inhumane bastard would risk so much to get it? Or maybe he didn’t think of it as a risk. Maybe lives lost were, to Vaiss, unimportant as long as he got what he wanted, the creation of a ticking time bomb capable of mass destruction not something he thought twice about. The attack on the streets of Stone-State just days ago was enough evidence to believe that might be the case.
“I believe they figured out not to fire down the hall,” said Crawford. “It’s been a couple of minutes since the last shots.”
“You would think they’d have realized that earlier, after we heard that soldier cry out,” said Trenna, grunting afterwards, a dull metal-on-metal clang revealing that she was moving something around.
“Whoever fired the shot that ricocheted back at him is going to owe the poor son of a bitch a beer or ten.”
“If he lives,” Trenna said quietly.
“Obviously,” responded Crawford coolly. “But it’s a brand new ship, so whatever medical supplies they’ll have will be fully stocked. More than likely he’ll be fine.”
Was that Crawford’s version of trying to comfort someone? Strange days, indeed. The redhead seemed to have warmed to Trenna over the days they spent on Eden Burning. Or at the very least he thought her less useless since she spent most of the trip obsessively trying to learn what she could about some of the neater toys Husband packed for them, her favorite being the digital monocular used by spotters. It was also beneficial that Crawford was not remotely interested in the opposite sex, meaning that as physically attractive as Trenna was – not counting that she was still too thin from being homeless for a while – he was better to have around than that walking libido Goner, or the smooth-talking Nes.
Boot stomps could just barely be heard outside, stopping at the door. Clik-tak. Clik-tak. Did they… jiggle the handle? Ridiculous. Dastou turned his head to see Crawford making an obscene gesture by pointing his smallest finger at his nose to whoever was looking through the eye-level, bullet-proof circle of glass in the door. The Saint refocused on the radio, turning a small knob the tiniest amount higher, then toggling a switch.
The static in the headset he wore became a lot less prominent. It went from the noise of nonexistent or bad signal, to the noise of a connected open line with no one saying anything.
“I can see the ones in the hall leaving,” said Crawford. “Will be back soon, I’m sure.”
“Anyone on this line, answer,” called Dastou into a desk-mounted microphone. “I already know there’s always someone on here in an emergency. We are aboard a Stone-State warship headed for DavNo.”
“... No, give me that,” said a familiar gruff voice in the background of where the frequency connected.
The sounds came through a set of speakers high on the wall. Dastou must have gotten something wrong and not set incoming signals to the headphones. He sighed, took off the headset, and tossed it aside. Super-geniuses were not supposed to forget to hit the speakerphone button.
“Cozy, is that you?” asked the man on the other side of the connection, who must have taken the microphone from whoever had been manning it prior to Dastou’s call.
“Cozy?” asked Trenna. The Saint shrugged without looking at her. He also heard a big metal thing hit the floor behind him, glass breaking after.
“Yeah, yeah, it’s me,” said Dastou, trying not to focus on what else was going on in the room. “Let’s get right to it: I assume you all heard about a little bit of war being declared?” 
“Oh, you’re damn right I heard that,” said the man on the line, anger bubbling casually to the surface and clear as day even through a little interference creeping into the wall-mounted speakers. “Heard it twelve hours ago when these bastards decided to suddenly announce they were invading.”
“Good, then in that case it won’t take much to convince you that I need help stopping or slowing down this armada. How about it, Bouten?”
“What in the black!?” called Crawford, surprised. “You’re talking to Bouten Liamlak?” More glass shattered.
“Haha!” said Bouten, either not having heard or ignoring Crawford’s too-loud question. “Cozy, my boy, I think you’re confusing me for some Brightseer fool. Watch me get this war started proper.”
Clicks and scratches made a sound like Bouten had put the mic down on a table, then footsteps in the background indicated he was moving away from it. Bouten spoke to someone. Dastou couldn’t tell what was being said, but Bouten Liamlak must have been talking to one of his subordinates – though everyone there would be a subordinate to the man.
“On my count, you hear me!” Bouten said to someone. Clicks and scratches, and the man’s voice was clear again, closer to the mic. “Alright, Cozy, get your feet set, this may shake you up a bit.”
Dastou needed only half-a-second to realize what he should say in response: “Oh, shit.” He grabbed the arm rests of the bolted-down operator’s seat tight. “Guys, grab something and hold on!” he yelled.
The panic in his voice and Bouten’s vague warning over the speakers was enough to scare Trenna and Crawford into complying. When Dastou glanced around to check on them, his companions were already gripping some piece of metal or another with white-knuckle intensity.
“Four...,” Bouten counted. “Three... two...”
Immediately after Bouten uttered “two,” an explosion could be heard some distance away even through Fat Duck’s hull. A second later, the ship rocked at most five degrees to starboard, probably from an unexpected wave hitting it. That wasn’t enough to disturb a child certainly nothing to yell about. He let go of the chair’s hand rests and cleared his throat, marginally embarrassed.
“Um, was that it?” asked Trenna.
“Impressive,” added Crawford thickly.
“First off,” shouted Bouten, sounding as if he was bellowing at someone behind him, “someone doesn’t know what ‘fire on one’ means!” His voice was clear and normal again. “Secondly, from what that lovely voice just said, I didn’t hit the ship you’re on. Must have miscalculated somewhere. Radar is hard to work with.”
“Are you insane!?” shouted Crawford now that he was sure Bouten would hear. “Why were you attempting to hit the ship we’re on? What if we got killed?”
“Heh, good one, son” said Bouten with a chuckle. “Anyway, that was a bomb I had a small boat engine attached to and set in the ocean. A lot more are about to be shot off since that armada you snuck onto is pretty close to DavNo. I’d recommend getting your asses to safety.”
“Wait a damn second, Bouten,” said Dastou. “How’d you get ready so fast as to have weapons put together especially for this occasion?”
“Let alone,” said Crawford, letting suspicion drip from his tone, “have some radar tracking capability to find where we would be in the first place.”
“I got a hint about these warships a month ago from a special friend in the west,” answered Bouten calmly. “Someone you’ll meet soon if what he said was right. Same person gave me the designs and parts for one big radar tracker, the same as the ones on the warships. Had enough time to put together a few things, like those motor-bombs.”
“They’re torpedoes,” said Dastou. “Congratulations on inventing them.”
“Tor-what? Bah, never mind. Damn Null Bank... Just get to shore, Cozy. Not that I’ve missed this past year of your absence up here. Hah!”
“Bouten…” Dastou whispered, exasperated.
“At your speed you’ll get near land in an hour or so. Damn steel monstrosities are fast for their size… “
An hour? They had felt a substantial increase in speed soon after the alarm, but cutting down a few hours travel to one was remarkable. Dastou turned off the radio’s main switch, then realized that was sort of pointless and ripped out every cable he could get to in the span of ten seconds. At least if this thing was going to be used again they’d have to put it back in working order. The Saint stood up, ready to leave.
“Alright, boss,” Crawford started, “do you mind explaining...”
Another loud explosion, another wave afterwards, another slight tilt of the warship. This time the trio just stood there, keeping their balance by spreading their feet a bit and moving their arms. Crawford cleared his throat after being interrupted.
“Do you mind explaining,” he repeated, “how you happen to be friends with the criminal overlord of Davranis North?”
“’Friend’ might be overstating it a little,” replied Dastou. “And ‘overlord’ might be overstating it a lot. Is that a fire extinguisher... and a hand-axe?”
He was pointing out the fire suppression tool Trenna carried and the small-ish impromptu weapon Crawford held.
“Well... fine then,” said the Saint. “Trenna, you know how to use one of those things right?”
“Yes, sir,” she answered, and Dastou was not surprised. 
Most city-folk would have trouble with the heavy red apparatus, seeing as how the Social Cypher hypnotism dictated emergencies and use of supplies therein. Trenna was from the Tribeslands, where most people would never have seen one at all, so she should have been extra confused. As usual, Trenna seemed far more capable than most Brightseers.
“Alright, let’s get off this thing,” said Dastou. “I’d hate for Bouten’s love of theatrics to get us blown to pieces.”
Dastou walked to the painted mural with the radio’s inner workings fully displayed on the bulkhead perpendicular to the door. He stuck a pair of fingers in a hidden latch, pressed a button within that latch, and heard a click followed by a hiss. He pushed against the wall and opened a perfectly camouflaged door right where Trenna said it would be.
“Thank goodness,” said Crawford. “I figured these warmongers screwed up their own boat’s map.”
“I was afraid they did until the door opened,” Dastou admitted.
The Saint led the way into a narrow passageway with small diode bulbs glowing orange near the low ceiling. While he didn’t have to sidle to fit in the passage, it was close, with one shoulder faintly scraping against a metal wall out of necessity. He turned slightly, mostly with his head so he wouldn’t humiliate himself by tangling his feet up and tripping, and checked on the others as he stepped forward.
Trenna followed directly behind him as Crawford waited a pace to take up the rear, an annoyed look on his face, though that seemed to be his standard visage. The corridors that led into the communication room were already narrow, and this cramped path was no doubt meant for a single person – a covert route for the operator in case he had intelligence to relay. Luckily it was only a handful of meters from the comms room to a steel door that that would let them out. Unluckily, there was no way to close that secret door in the mural.
Behind the trio, two loud, echoing klongs hit the door they came into the comms room from. The locked-from-the-inside cabin door sounded like it was being slammed by a giant hammer in two successive strikes. Two more hits beat the door again, vibrations traveling along the metal walls that Dastou felt it in the shoulder that was touching the ship.
Another pair of fast, booming hits sounded off, and this time a third, deeper metal-on-metal noise filled the air: the door slamming hard against the wall after it was forced open, the steel audibly bending in the wrong direction. Whatever those soldiers had for a battering ram, it must have been unbelievably powerful. And here was Dastou, in a very small space and only halfway to the exit.
“No one’s here!” said some male soldier after entering the comms room. “The mouseway! They’re in the mouseway!”
The Saint sighed inwardly.
“Load another pair, fire into it,” said the same middle-aged woman he heard below deck with the unbalanced sailors, the one who pulled the alarm. She kept her voice very low, and Dastou hardly heard the order.
“Oh, that’s no good,” said Dastou in a half-whisper. “Trenna, the extinguisher, use it.”
“Are you sure? It’ll blow back here.”
“First shot loaded!” called a soldier.
“I didn't say announce it!” Smart Lady reprimanded.
“Nevermind.” Trenna uttered as she made an awkward half-turn, one shoulder touching the wall, her feet almost tangling up on one another.
The girl removed the safety pin on the extinguisher, then aimed the conical nozzle at the end of a short hose back the way they came, right at Crawford. She fired just as the DSF agent squealed and ducked. The air in front of the nozzle, above Crawford, and most of the way towards the room they just left was filled with white foam almost instantly. Trenna didn’t let go of the trigger until someone coughed.
Dastou could tell even from just his peripheral vision that the entire communications space was in a white-out condition. Some of the foam seeped back into the mouseway, dissipating as coughs with varying degrees of severity came from the Stone-State soldiers.
“Move it!” said Dastou, who rushed the last several meters to the door that led out.
Trenna and Crawford sounded like they were right behind, but the coughing in the radio room was a lot louder. Dastou reached the door, pushed down on an inset handle, and banged a shoulder against it to make it swing open, the same shoulder he hurt in the underground monastery after almost being drowned. He grunted in pain, but thankfully he was mostly healed so it wasn’t much of an exclamation; crying out in front of a civvie and a rookie would make him feel a tad silly.
The door came open just a crack, stuck on something. A brief look out of the teeny gap Dastou made revealed the corner of a wooden crate. The trio was blocked in.
“What’s wrong? Why isn’t the door opened?” asked Crawford.
Dastou turned to look back the way he came, and saw that the foam had dissipated enough for the soldiers chasing them to have mostly clear shots. Luckily, he decided to take a gander just as one of State-State’s “finest” got down on one knee and aimed a two-barreled mini-cannon down the mouseway. That was new type of weapon, to be sure. Bouten Liamlak was apparently not the only one cobbling together new and deadly implements.
“Shit!” Dastou shouted, unable to admire the new toy for longer than a heartbeat.
The Saint lunged back the way he came, only able to push off with one foot, and tackled Trenna, who herself hit Crawford just enough to knock him down too. The mouseway was narrow enough so that none of them hit the floor with even a hint of grace.
Whoomp-whoomp! The shoulder-mounted mini-cannon did not fire the two big barrels simultaneously, and Dastou was still able to look at the sailor who fired, noticing the fist-sized projectiles in a fraction-of-a-second of accidental enhanced brain activity. The small cannon balls whizzed and whistled past the Saint, nearly struck his bald head, then bashed against the door at the same time that Dastou’s mind went back to normal. Or “normal,” anyway.
The metal-on-metal clangs were ear-splitting when the steel door was hit, followed almost instantaneously by the sound combination of breaking metal and crunching wood. Dastou's ears were ringing from the noise, but he had the wherewithal to look up and see that their way out was entirely clear because the door was violently wrenched off its hinges and flung outward, the wooden crate blasted away like a cardboard box in a heavy wind.
The man who fired the dual-cannon cursed his aim, and Dastou got himself up off Trenna and Crawford awkwardly. He saw that the cannon was about to be loaded again, so the Saint grabbed a small knife he’d been keeping on his belt and hurled it at the man’s shoulder. It cut in, sunk deep, and the cannon-holder fell backward. The weapon dropped, clattered to the floor, and someone else in moss-green and white was quickly trying to pull the man back as a sailor ran around to take the mini-cannon off the floor.
“Go!” bellowed Dastou at his companions as he stood up fully and ran the single step to where the door used to be.
The Saint entered the bridge, and needed to ramp up his brain function for another second to take in everything. It was a nice looking, clean space with wide walking lanes, and lots of equipment that looked stolen from the Academy’s design books – of course, now he knew it was be the other way around, technically. Each bulkhead but the one that featured the mouseway door was made of mostly translucent material that Dastou could easily guess was neirdite quartz again, steel support poles placed regularly inside the thick see-through barrier. Big flat diode-lit view screens mounted above eye level relayed information, and touch based interfaces fit surprisingly well with traditional knobs and switches at each of the five work stations spaced in a three-quarter circle around the room.
In the middle, directly in front of Dastou was a black, square box of a table with a flickering holographic display showing a topographical map of Davranis North. Thirteen holographic red circles on the map were labeled with the floating words “target of opportunity,” and most were Davranis Security Force listening posts. Three of the targets were not.
One was sub-labeled with the letters “B.L.,” which would refer to Bouten Liamlak and pointed at the secret office where the man ran various criminal enterprises. Or “criminal” enterprises, to be more honest. The second target was a disused port built and then almost immediately abandoned, the same way most of DavNo was, fifty years ago. The port was fully set to support large sea bound vessels, and it might be a target only because it would be a perfect landing spot for the fleet, so they would be smart to keep an eye on it.
The third and strangest target of opportunity was a building in a densely populated area Dastou knew as the “art quarter,” where people from all over the world held private showings of their artistic efforts, read poetry to their fellows, spoke of philosophy. The people there made music – music for fuck’s sake! – and played it live with their cobbled together instruments. It was a widely known and loved tourist attraction, and the only part of the world where such activities were allowed due to the Social Cypher ignoring DavNo. It was where Dastou met one of Nesembraci Jaydef’s sisters, a fashion designer taking her yearly allotted vacation time to head up from Central to see the art quarter and show off a few new products. Nes was with her, and the two men hit it off quickly, Dastou seeing the future corporal’s potential even then.
Six sailors had taken cover when the mouseway door came barreling away from its hinges, flying through the air. The door itself was on the floor past the table, having flown above and past it. Now that it was relatively quiet, they were poking their heads out, each with a surprised look on his or her face to see the man they meant to arrest standing on the bridge of their warship. Dastou let go of being in hyper-thought.
“So…,” said the Saint, speaking loud enough for his voice to carry throughout the room, “how’s everybody doing?”
A man got shakily to his feet, his gold rank pins a little wider than anyone else seen so far, a tiny golden wreath of feathers below those pins. The captain. He had a handgun, and managed to aim and fire it once at the same time Trenna and Crawford ducked to the sides to hide behind work stations and Dastou crouched behind big black holo-map table. The captain’s single round hit a wall in the mouseway, ricocheted, and a man screamed in pain.
“Genius,” Dastou muttered to himself.
Crawford stuck his head out to look at the Saint while running footsteps came at them. The redhead made a symbol with his flat palm that they decided earlier stood for Eden Burning.
“No shit?” Dastou said with the thickest sarcasm he could pour into only two words. Asking if they needed their getaway vehicle while being completely surrounded was like asking if you needed pull cookies out of the oven early to let them finish.
Someone ran out of the mouseway a moment later, and Crawford popped out of his hiding spot, thrust a palm into the sailor’s chest, stopping him and forcing the wind out of his lungs. The agent then kicked his target solidly in the gut with almost textbook precision, sending the poor bastard off his feet and into his fellows that were right behind in the mouseway. Dastou got out of cover, ran towards port, and saw that only the captain had a gun, the three sailors behind their leader holding batons in skull-crunching grips with skull-crunching grimaces on their faces.
The captain aimed up with his extra-long-barreled pistol the second he made eye contact with the Saint, and pulled the trigger. Dastou was already ducking down when he heard the flat clap of the silenced pistol – ah, because the noise in an enclosed space would be debilitating, of course – and kept moving fast while crouched, getting behind the second work table near the bolted-down chair.
Another flat clap meant the captain fired again, and Dastou heard the crunch of bullet-riddled electronics just behind him and at the same work station. Another shot, another crunch; the captain was trying to keep him in place while he moved closer for a better shot. Instead of waiting for a better idea to come to mind, Dastou ran back to the oval, paint-marked walking path that serviced the bridge’s work stations and ran towards his enemies. 
The captain had to re-aim, giving Dastou the second he hoped for to get behind more cover, but he didn’t need it. Trenna came running up from around a work station, fire extinguisher in hand and in arm’s reach of the enemies now that they had come for Dastou. The surprised look on one of the baton-wielding sailors’ faces didn’t last long, as it was forcibly removed when Trenna swung the big red metal cylinder at the guy’s head with consciousness-ending speed. The sailor could not duck in time, and the battle of extinguisher versus side-of-the-head was won in the exact way anyone would guess, the devastating clang accompanied by a short but shocked yelp from the victim. The hit also had distracted the captain and his accompanying sailors.
The too-hard swing from Trenna spun her an extra half turn, the extinguisher hitting the metal floor with a sound eerily similar to when it hit the sailor. The captain forced his gaze back to Dastou, but the distraction Trenna provided allowed the Saint to get incredibly close. When the captain’s gun was up, Dastou was able to reach out, grabbing the man’s wrist like a vice, a thumb pinching in near the enemy’s thumb. With his other hand, the Saint took hold of the silenced weapon by the top of the long barrel, pulled up at the same time he pinched in with the hand holding the wrist, and wrenched the weapon out of the captain’s hands.
That whole disarm was over so quickly it left the captain stunned and confused. He was that way for barely a second before Dastou smacked him in the temple as hard as he could with the pistol, knocking the man with the fancy badge out cold. Meanwhile, the Saint still held the silenced gun by the barrel, the muzzle facing him. The two remaining baton sailors were rushing towards Trenna, who had made it to the quartz wall after spinning out and was running forward, the element of surprise gone and the extinguisher too unwieldy compared to batons. It was admirable that she still held it at all.
“Get down!” screamed Crawford from behind.
The hollow, deep, instantly recognizable sounds of the mini-cannon’s barrels firing immediately followed the agent’s warning. In the enclosed bridge, it was all that could be heard, the same as the captain’s gunshots. Dastou didn’t ducked when the advice came, just moved aside, then heard and felt the air cut apart by the small cannon balls as they missed him by half-a-meter at waist level. The Saint was still facing forward from trying to see where Trenna was and saw the two fist-sized projectiles cross the entire bridge, shot in a straight-line path from the mouseway.
The cannon balls hit the front transparent wall, causing explosive noise from the impact that combined with the high-pitched vibration of the quartz, a painful, disorienting consequence. Dastou gritted his teeth and closed his eyes in pain. It felt like someone just stabbed his ears and somehow made it all the way to his temples with whatever they used. He fell to his knees on instinct, putting his palms to his ears as if that would help at this point. In a moment, most of the pain was gone, and he re-opened his eyes. He seemed to be the first to get himself together, and did not delay in standing up and hurrying to the sailors that were chasing Trenna.
Still holding the captain’s handgun, he pistol whipped one pained sailor, then the other, knocking them both out efficiently.
“Trenna!” he said tersely. “Get up, move!”
She did what he said, though she probably would have done it anyway. Sometimes you have to pretend to be in charge or no one takes you seriously when you are. When the young woman stood up, still rubbing her temples, she looked in the Saint’s direction, and her eyes went wide at something behind him. Fearing he had no time to turn around, Dastou glanced at a metal coffee container next to a touchscreen at a work station and saw someone coming up behind him with a baton raised high.
The Saint skirted to the side just as the air whistled as the weapon swung down where his head was. He twisted around to see his enemy and saw that it was Smart Lady, the officer. Without waiting she swiped to the side, the air whistling again. Dastou had to hop back to avoid being struck in the arm by the extending metal weapon. In the corner of his eye, another sailor was coming for him.
“Sir!” yelled Trenna.
Not sure what she was trying to get at, Dastou quickly stepped to his left just for the distance against Smart Lady. Right in front of him, between himself and the sneering female commander, the cone from the end of the extinguisher flew past, flipping end to end. Still seeing it in his periphery, the cone hit the other oncoming sailor dead in his nose. The boy was startled, tripped himself up, and fell. The side of his head hit the corner of a workstation and took him out of the fight.
As top-notch awesome as that was – he’d tell her later – Smart Lady didn’t give a rat’s ass. She came at Dastou fast and fierce, the baton moving in a blur. This woman was fifteen years his senior it looked like and not a Saint, but she was skilled. Every one of her movements was smooth and immediately followed up on, giving him little time to act. She took a swing to the left, matched it with an attempt at a grapple using her other hand, combined with a swing to the right and downward. Dastou was hit in the tricep with that last one, and even that impact didn’t slow the woman down. By the black she was impressive.
Trying to do anything to get some kind of surprise on his side against Smart Lady, he backed up to a workstation that had a small, personal-sized bottle of hand sanitizer. Thanking whoever the neat freak was that decided to bring that, Dastou grabbed the small bottle, flicked the top up with a thumb, sidestepped another downward baton strike, and squeezed the plastic container hard, aiming it at her face.
Smart Lady got some gel-like alcohol in one eye and yelped about it. Dastou seized the chance and closed the half-a-step to her with an arm extended after dropping the hand sanitizer. The Saint grabbed and twisted the woman’s weapon arm back by the elbow, making it useless. Even with an eye closed, she reached across her body with the other arm, her hand a claw trying to scrape at his face. Dastou snapped his head back, eluded the angry graze at his face, took that reaching arm by the wrist and pulled down on it. Smart Lady now had one arm behind her back and the other across her body and forced down to the opposite shoulder blade in what would be a very painful position that also immobilized her.
Not seeing a way to avoid doing her harm, the Saint suddenly pushed her forward, let go of her cross-reaching wrist, and spun her by simultaneously pulling on the baton-wielding arm’s elbow. The shock at being let go showed on her face, but not for long since Dastou gave her the hardest punch he could. The force of her spin and the opposing force of his fist were enough to knock her unconscious before she even hit the ground. Smart Lady flopped down, hit nothing else on the way, and landed awkwardly on the metal deck.
Dastou looked to his right and saw Crawford expertly holding off two sailors, another on the floor nearby, the Saint only able to see the last one’s unmoving feet past a workstation. The hand axe that the agent held earlier was stuck into the firing mechanism of the two-barreled cannon launcher, ruining the weapon. Nicely done, Dastou thought.
Crawford always paid close attention in hand-to-hand combat classes, even designing his own techniques to the chagrin of his superiors, and the redhead was handling himself well. In fact, anything Dastou did right now might interrupt the flow, so he stood and watched. He could hear Trenna running around the bridge to get to the redhead, and waited for the entertainment to commence.
Crawford eluded a swipe with a baton from one sailor, then one from the other, both movements by the agent so miniscule that the weapons missed by millimeters; he was moving as much as he needed to and absolutely no more than that. One of the enemies rushed forward, hoping to grab Crawford to hold him still. The redhead sidled, took the lunging sailor’s wrist with a single hand, used the excess of momentum against him, and flipped the poor fool end-over-end with seemingly no effort at all. That sailor landed hard on his back behind Crawford, who was still able to see the other enemy coming. Trenna was also coming, running very fast, the extinguisher still in-hand. Dastou winced in advance.
Crawford saw her and did not step back into his own fight, letting the sailor focus on him and pay no heed to Trenna. The young woman was still running when she grunted and hurled the extinguisher as hard as she could – throwing herself totally off-balance with the toss. The red metal cylinder was thrown low, too heavy for the slim civilian to lob properly, and it smashed into the unsuspecting soldier’s knee with a resonant clang, knocking the sailor’s lower leg out from under him. Dastou winced again as the sailor’s forward rush was stopped suddenly by the abrupt backwards movement of a leg, and the blue-uniformed enemy pitched forward as if his belly was on a fulcrum. Crawford watched apathetically as the sailor face-planted, breaking his nose with a crunch. That guy was assuredly done for the night, and maybe the next several days.
Crawford looked at Trenna with narrowed eyes. “I did not need help.”
“Oh,” she responded, hands on her knees as she caught her breath. “Sorry, couldn’t tell. Wanted to help.”
“Admittedly,” said Dastou, “that was very amusing.”
Crawford looked down at the knee-smashed broken-nosed sailor. “I’m inclined to agree. But what do we do now? Should we expect more?”
Dastou started to walk towards the captain’s workstation, centered on the bridge and near where he already stood. Ah, it was his hand sanitizer; a leader has to be an example in all ways, he reckoned, even cleanliness. The other two joined him at the captain’s space.
“I’d say no. That was a lot of sailors that came at us, the others still have to run the ship after all, and skeleton crews aren’t meant to have replacements for positions. If anything, Fat Duck is going to be considered out of the fleet once they realize how short on manpower they are, and that three of the unbalanced engine crew is mentally damaged.”
“So we’re leaving the ship?” asked Trenna.
“Is Eden Burning on the way?” Dastou asked Crawford.
“It is,” he answered. “A couple of minutes away if our speed programming worked out.”
“Then yes, we’re definitely leaving. I was going to try and sabotage the vessel beforehand, but…” He looked around the bridge at the unconscious bodies of sailors everywhere. “We’ve achieved that goal already. It’s…”
“I do not know why I am surprised you are there,” interjected a voice filtered through small speakers to Dastou’s left. A familiar, dangerous voice.
Dastou looked up and left, to the big flat monitor that was relaying weather information a moment before. The screen was attached to a metal swing arm locked in place near the overhead compartment, above a metal hatch built into the supports of the transparent walls, toward to bow deck. Citizen Vaiss’s face took up most of the screen. A red blinking light next to a shiny black circle indicated a camera in the center of the silver bevel of the view screen, which meant Vaiss could see Fat Duck’s bridge.
“As dearly as you love to endanger yourself, where else in the world would you be but aboard one of my warships?”
Dastou walked closer to the screen. “Yeah, these are nice. Lots of modern conveniences, all in a big, murderous package. Lovely. Where were you headed with these death-toting cruisers, anyway?”
“You already know,” said Vaiss, not hiding his distaste for speaking to a Saint. “Davranis North, that little haven that you people have carved out.”
“Oh, I didn’t do much to it. Sure, I run the local gang, but I’m easily bored. Have to have something to manage when I...”
“Not. You.” Vaiss cut Dastou off sharply with those two words, each in its own bile-filled sentence. “You people in general. DavNo, as you call it, is a filthy hellhole. Targeting it is a bonus I happily add to burning your Academy to ashes around you. Freedom does not serve any of you, it is not your place.”
Dastou raised an eyebrow, and looked at Crawford. The redhead, as expected, over-dramatically shrugged in confusion. “No clue, sir, none at all.”
“Uh…” started Dastou. “Look, Vaiss, sweetie, you’re really going to have to start explaining things better. This relationship of ours,” said the Saint while making back and forth motions to show a trading of information, “is going nowhere unless you learn to be clearer, maybe a little more terse.”
Vaiss smiled, a sickening joy filling the expression. It was like the man Dastou met in the basement of the monastery was on his best behavior and this monster was the reality. 
“Terse?” Vaiss said. “As an example, should I take Paige Ki’s fall? That did not last long at all, I imagine.”
Dastou clenched his jaw. Paige. Hare dare this salt and pepper son of a bitch use her name. The Saint could do nothing, frozen with memories of love and confusion, of affection and guilt. Of pure happiness and devastating ache. Citizen Vaiss saw it.
“Though for her,” Vaiss continued, “it may have been half of an eternity. Who knows. She might. Sadly, we can never ask her; her dissolving bones must be sitting at the bottom of the sea somewhere near the base of Silverline Sharp. No more picnics. The look on her face was a wonderful gift she gave me without knowing.”
“I’m going to kill you,” promised Dastou without hesitation. The tone of his voice was unrecognizable even to him. There was a flat, unbreakable truth to what he said. “I’m going to kill you, whoever you are.”
Vaiss did not respond, only stared at the Saint. The immense, nearly out of control fury within Dastou made him ball his fists with such force that felt pain all the way up both his arms. He was not breathing. He was no longer anywhere, and the only thing in his eyes was Citizen Vaiss’s smugly emotionless face, and the only thing in his mind was Saint Paige Ki.
Paige.
Paige.
The Silverline Sharp. The apology. The fall…
The Saint went into hyper-thought for a second, giving him time to think about connections he was starting to make, to seek an advantage in knowing.
*****
When Saan relayed the request for an audience by Jandal Tryst a few days ago, it sent his mind whirling, desperate to kick down mental doors that were barely open a crack. The first thing he did was head right back to Silverline Sharp.
Thanks to what was said on Fat Duck’s bridge, Dastou finally understood what he was looking for: clues about Vaiss having been there before. There wouldn’t be any, not after years of nature eroding and rebuilding and eroding, as it does. Vaiss was almost certainly hidden in plain sight, one of that bastard’s advanced Stitch keeping him from being noticed. There must have been an afterimage, a shimmering trace hidden in Dastou’s subconscious the whole time, unable to be mined thanks to how good his enemy’s hypnotic skills were. But why did he go back to Silverline Sharp to begin with?
The panicked rush to the cliff was a psychological dispatch, a desperate warning to connect the dots before things went wrong. That meant Stone-State must have a few suspiciously ajar doors in Dastou’s mind. The building of the embassy and further western expansion by the Social Cypher meant some heavy activity there by agents and DSF spies, which further meant note-taking and record-keeping, all of which Dastou read top-to-bottom. Not thoroughly enough, apparently, seeing as how his brain was desperate to show him some link between the shimmering memory of Vaiss watching Paige kill herself and Stone-State.
No, no, no. There was more. Those connections weren’t solid enough. Something else drove his mind back to the cliff, trying to break his brain open. The one person that could help him figure this out… Oh, you’ve got to be joking, thought Dastou. Saint Lonoj Ornadais. That man, his mentor, was the best Null Bank diver in the history of the Sainthood. His best skill was breaking open minds full of knowledge, so why wouldn’t he also be good at hiding it when necessary? 
Thinking further, more connections were abruptly made, tenuous but real. Ornadais was the one who set up the deal with the Ko Monasi for some kind of be-all-end-all favor for use only in the most dire of circumstances. He designed the Caravan, something with innards shockingly similar to this “new” warship, which was built with input from Vaiss. He championed the idea for the Academy to study to the Social Cypher even when Dastou was having doubts about it, when the mentee was a drunken mess after Paige’s death. When it seemed to be falling apart at the seams while the last two Saints and dozens of people from the remainders of entourages tried to figure out a way to train hypnotic immunity. Ornadais kept things moving, churning, pointing Dastou in the right directions and steering him away from dead ends.
Lonoj Ornadais died from a Null Bank misstep a month before opening day of the school that was at the last minute named after him, a Kaialus seizure ending the man’s life. There was more to that, Dastou realized. He already hated thinking himself as the last Saint, and now realized he shouldn’t be. There was not much of a chance in all the black void Lonoj would have died from a Kaialus seizure, something he taught others how to avoid. There was something to that, some string that would unravel a knit sweater that could be wrapped around a cargo truck, but Dastou brought himself out of deep hyper-thought when…
*****
…Citizen Vaiss moved, shifting his face on the screen towards something close to him in the same room, on a desk or in his hand maybe. It reminded Dastou of Jandal Tryst’s movements before the ground trembled in Stone-State. After the overwhelming rage at the mention of Paige’s death and a pair of seconds in revelatory slow-motion thought, the Saint allowed his instinctual desire to survive to take over.
“Why did you make some of these people into unbalanced?” asked Dastou, hoping to get more information before whatever horrible thing he felt deep in his soul was about to happen.
Citizen Vaiss looked forward again. “Why? Because I could, obviously. They are not worth worrying over, let alone using as anything but tools.”
“They’re people,” whispered Trenna, her voice so sad and so lonely it broke the Saint’s focus on Vaiss. “People, not tools.”
Dastou looked over at her, and Trenna’s head was down, a hand wiping at an eye. Her entire camp of homeless survivors, her friends and adopted family of the streets, was taken by Vaiss to be used as bait and as bullet fodder. He even had them leave Trenna for dead in the streets just to attract Dastou into an ambush. The thought dampened the Saint’s fury almost all the way down. “You have to be better than your anger,” Ornadais told him a few years ago.
“They are what I need them to be,” said Citizen Vaiss, again referring to the sailors or soldiers under his thumb, “for however long I need them. If it means an army of manipulated patriots to act as hypnotized weaponry, that is what I will have and use. It is all necessary if I am to stop you, Saint. You are a living crime, a testament to selfishness, and your ending mistake will be researching the Social Cypher.”
“Feel free to explain that better,” said Crawford, a tinge of tired annoyance in his tone. “Because I would like to leave this ocean-faring handgun and find some supper less confused than how I came to it.”
Dastou couldn’t help but smile at that. It was the confidence of the young, and despite only being 26 years old, the Saint has felt like an old man for a while now.
“Come, Trenna, let us leave these two to converse,” finished Crawford, who held his elbow out for Trenna to take. Yet again, he was trying to do something positive for the girl – maybe he just felt sorry for her after how she reacted to Vaiss’s words, but it was nonetheless nice to see. Dastou chuckled when Trenna half-curtsied before taking his elbow gently. It was like watching a new version of Nes and Saan.
The pair started a walk to the hatch below the view screen with Vaiss’s face on it before being stopped by more words from their televised enemy.
“I will explain nothing,” said Vaiss in answer to Crawford. “You are an aberration, and thankfully the last. After so long, I am allowed to deal a final blow to your kind for your interruptions, your delays.”
With no more words, Citizen Vaiss looked down again, moved slightly, and an alarm started to blare. This one was different than the likely more standard alarm that went off when Smart Lady found out Dastou was onboard; it was more like a song. A series of five tones repeating over and over, the sound making him sicker by the second. After the first three tonal repetitions, Vaiss cut his video feed and the weather information was back on the view screen.
“Boss…,” croaked Crawford. He fell to his knees as Trenna tried to hold him steady. “Do you smell that?”
Burning plastic, peppermint leaves. Dastou was starting to sway. His mind felt like it was slowly emptying itself of any intelligent thought. Near the mouseway, part of the overhead compartment was blasted away, an explosion that the Saint only heard a little bit of, his brain seemingly out for a nice long vacation. He turned to look at the damage, but became lightheaded and tripped on his own feet. As he fell to the floor, Dastou recognized the unmistakable sound of horrified screams, floating down from the smoking hole where the explosion took place.
The Saint could still see Trenna, who seemed unaffected by this incredible song he could hear in his mind. The melody was telling him to stop worrying about life, to stop trying so hard to live it. He felt sad that she couldn’t hear it, it really was wonderful. Trenna had tears in her eyes as she started to pull Crawford’s unconscious form, dragging him to the door.
She stopped suddenly, stood straight up. She was looking around. Dastou’s eyelids became heavier, and some of his blinks lasted a little too long. One quick closing of his eyes and Trenna was gone somewhere. Then she was back, holding an orange fluffy thing with straps. She worked to get it on Crawford’s torso, her expression determined despite tears streaming down. Dastou blinked and she was gone when he opened his eyes again. Another blink and Trenna was right next to him, moving him onto his side, another fluffy orange thing with straps in her hands. Another blink and she was gone, the vest clipped onto his body roughly, his jacket out of place the same way Crawford’s lab coat was.
When he looked sideways, he saw her putting something in front of the hatch, a piece of wood from the crate that those cannon balls smashed up earlier, the box that was blocking the mouseway exit. It was in just the right place on the floor to keep the hatch from closing, something Dastou knew was important but not why. 
Blink.
Trenna was dragging Crawford’s body away. When she reached the ajar hatch, she pushed it open with a shoulder, never letting go of the redhead’s form. She held the way out open, dragging the tall, lanky Crawford out with as much sheer will as actual strength. The agent’s feet got caught on the closing hatch when he was almost out, and she had to open it with one hand while pulling those feet away from the jamb and out to the side, bending Crawford’s knees up to do it. Dastou could see all of this thanks to the see-through quartz that made up the section of hull and the hatch itself.
Blink.
Crawford was no longer near the hatch. He was nowhere Dastou could see, actually. Trenna was very close, though, above the Saint and pulling his body out. She was crying, which he could tell despite her being soaking wet all over. A bright light took over his vision for a moment, revealing the deck more clearly than the security diodes. Lightning. Dastou couldn’t hear anything at all, so if there was thunder he missed it. Too bad, he liked thunder.
Blink.
Dastou was on Fat Duck’s forward deck, still on his back and looking to the side, unable to control where his head faced. Crawford’s body was next to him. Rain was coming down, not incredibly hard, but consistent and thick. Whatever storm he remembered seeing when they first snuck aboard had reached the warships. More lightning cut the air, lit the deck. There was an open hatch cover a few meters away that looked like it led to stairs that would further lead below deck only. Next to that hatch cover were four bodies. A man stood there, in front of the hatch that led below and facing out, as if he’d just come up. In front of him was a woman, her back to the Saint. The woman held a pistol in two trembling hands, pointed at the man. It was Trenna.
The man, a uniformed sailor, had blood all over him that the rain was not completely cleaning away. No visible injuries. He was holding a hand axe that was also covered in blood. He stood incredibly still, staring at Trenna with wide-eyed hunger. Another look at the four bodies revealed they had been quickly, brutally mutilated. Each fresh corpse featured one or two deadly strikes from a sharpened weapon, and some had limbs cut off, an arm here a foot there. Fingers too on occasion, some lying further from the small stack of bodies as the wind whipped around to take the digits elsewhere. It was easily the most inhumane display of violence Dastou had ever seen, could ever imagine, and it was real.
The bloody-clothed sailor suddenly charged forward, raising the bloody hand axe. A snarl and a scream on his face, and a horrific desire in his eyes created a blood lust like Dastou had never seen before. Trenna pulled the trigger, fired her gun, the too thin young woman’s arm flying up and back with the force of the recoil.
Blink.



Afterword

First off, thanks to anyone reading this or who has read any of the novellas (or better stated: beta versions) that I wrote comprising this first novel in the Saints of the Void universe. I’ve had a lot of fun exploring these characters and creating the rules to this landscape.
This took far longer than it should have, but it’s the biggest single endeavor of my life, and something a lot of people claim they’ll do and never bother, so I’m extremely happy to have it done. Despite the fact that my writing is needs a ton of work, I did have a goal with this first novel: I wanted to make sure with 100% certainty that the world made some kind of sense even though I have to hide so much of it to avoid a confusing twenty-page “info dump.” I wanted to show a variety of origins for the characters, a variety of skills, and create a level of anticipation for what they’ll do when things get bigger and nuttier later on. 
What did I want at the heart of this? An adventure. Scale, scope, fun, danger, and (I hope) a little bit of real heart. I love it when darkness and death are combined with humor and soul, and I’m getting better at achieving that on a regular basis. This may not be the best book in the world, but I think it’s a good start for me, specifically as an expression of what I enjoy and want to create. I’ll continue having a great time with these characters and this universe, and continue do no less than my continuously-improving best to show that in my writing.

Special thanks for random things or inspiration:
Danielle, Lauren F, Paul, Gary Whitta, Dan Ryckert, Ryan Davis, Adam Savage, Lindsay Buroker, Penny Arcade folks

