Phase Shift
Elise Abram




Copyright 2012 by Elise Abram

Published by EMSA Publishing
All rights reserved.
http://www.eliseabram.com
Contents
Acknowledgements	5
Prelude	6
Samkin's Story	10
Artifact Night	12
Palmer's Intro	27
Boy Sees God	31
In Situ	34
Voren's Story	41
Further to Stanley’s Discovery	43
Man Sees Crop Circle	51
The Prescott Papers	53
Sightings	59
Prescott Checks Out 	62
Tobin's Story	67
Molly Figures It Out	74
Mer-et-sa-ankh	79
Palmer Does It 	91
The Plan	94
Test Run	101
Molly Sees the World	109
Waking SOHO 	122
Reyes drops in 	130
Symposium	136
After Symposium	146
Goren and Reyes Caucus	155
At the Antiquary	159
Goren and Reyes Caucus Again	167
Sanctuary	172
Goddard Pinpoints It 	181
Introducing Loman Praetner	183
Molly Does Research	188
After Research	194
For or Against?	206
Molly Makes the Connection 	212
Stanley Checks Out	218
After Stanley Checks Out	227
SOHO	233
Stanley's Aftermath	234
Meeting Schliemann	238
The Bar	250
Convincing Schliemann	253
Is this Cataclysm?	260
What Happened in Goren's Office	268
Schliemann Checks In	273
Molly's Meltdown	280
Molly Tells Palmer	284
More Earth Radiation Flares	288
Molly Finds Out	289
Meeting Loman Praetner	294
Joey and Loman	299
Molly and Reyes	309
Malaron's Story	315
Three months later...	320
Saving the Worlds Symposium	326
Josef and Loman at Symposium	331
Reyes is detained	333
The Banishment	339
Back on Gaia	342
Palmer and Joey	348
After Saving the Worlds Symposium	355
About the Author…	360


Acknowledgements
In the draft copy of this book, my students noted that two pages they viewed as important were missing: Acknowledgements and About the Author. As I hope this is the final copy, I have included them here so as not to disappoint. I would like to thank Frances Stocker, Noreen Burton, Smadar Lorie, Shilpa Raikar and Freidele Soban, members of the book club I frequented for many years, for their support, encouragement, and editing suggestions, but most of all for providing me with a network of writers who grew to be cherished friends. Thanks also to colleagues Elizabeth Kippers and Michele Straka for reading drafts of Phase Shift and offering their honest opinions and editing services. Thank you to my husband who encouraged me to write in medias other than my psyche, to my mother who begged to be my first customer, to my brother and his family for helping to celebrate my successes and downplay my defeats. Last but not least, thank you to my children. Thank you to my son for reading my first novel and insisting that it was amazing, and to my daughters—when one of my novels goes viral, I vow I will have more Twitter followers than the two of you put together.    

Prelude
I am laying in the dark listening to my husband's raspy almost-snore, unable to sleep.  To keep myself occupied, I try to remember when I first knew I wanted to be an archaeologist.  
After seeing the first Indiana Jones movie as a teenager, perhaps? No, Indy merely served to bolster my interest in the field.  The real turning point came while watching a documentary called "In Search of Noah's Ark" when I was no more than twelve, back in the time before the super cinemas.  It was then, I knew.  Wood decomposed to nothing but dark shadows in the soil, aerial photographs of well-fed vegetation, and measurements approximating those in The Bible—I still shudder in awe at the thought of it.  
My first real taste of archaeology was in the middle of a conservation area	almost an hour's drive north of the city: dark soil dampening trouser knees and buttocks, dirt rammed under fingernails, blowing out a peppering of dust mixed with snot on the Kleenex—man!  I was hooked.  
A few years later I was near graduation and looking toward grad school.  Dr. Richardson, the head of the Archaeology department, offered to be my faculty advisor and I accepted without hesitation. He assigned me a site, the remains of a carriage house behind a restored clapboard house, built nearly two centuries ago.  The planning, supervision, excavation and analysis of the site over two years' time would earn me my Master's degree.  
My assistants and I arrived at the house, to find Dr. Richardson sitting on the stoop reading Scientific American, an issue featuring an article about a cache of Peruvian mummies. Dr. Richardson is a forensic anthropologist. That means he gets off on dead people and figuring out how they died.  He works extensively with the police, to give them clues as to what decomposed bodies and skeletons might have looked like while they were still living and breathing.  
We approached the stoop and he stood to greet us.  I had to crane my neck and shield my eyes from the sun in order to meet his gaze.  He smiled at me, said hello and squeezed my shoulder.  My stomach lurched.  Dr. Richardson is what we used to call "a hunk".  The first time my mother met him she called him "a dreamboat" and said she wouldn't throw him out of her bed for eating crackers.  The way things turned out, that comment was so many different levels of wrong.  
The house was converted to a living museum sometime in the late eighties.  The side entrance, added on around the same time, smelled of new carpet and fresh paint.  Pictures of the house in various stages of disrepair and renovation hung on the walls like windows into the past.  Dr. Richardson gave us the grand tour:  men's parlor, women's sitting room, dining room, upstairs ballroom, and nurseries.  A narrow staircase took us up to the third floor servants' quarters.  
Back downstairs, Dr. Richardson showed us the kitchen.  The walls were of unfinished wood made dark by soot.  At the centre of one wall was the original hearth, complete with bake ovens.  A single wooden table stood in the middle of the room, deeply scarred through use and over time, and in the far corner, the kitchen pantry, converted to a small storage-cum-utility closet after the restorations.  Near the ceiling Dr. Richardson pointed to a series of wallpaper layers.  He recited each occupation and era by rote and I was in awe of him.  
He finished his lecture and ushered us out of our cramped quarters.  I chanced a glance up at him and he smiled at me.  A perfect three-toed crow's foot appeared to frame the outer edge of each of his eyes.  The solitary, unshaded light bulb that dimly lit the room shone in his dark eyes—a girl could get lost in those eyes.  I blushed, embarrassed at the lust I felt for him at that moment, chastising myself for falling for my faculty advisor.  But then I reminded myself that Dr. Richardson was a good sixteen years' my senior, and everyone knew he was seeing Suzanne Pascoe, the Egyptologist.  Dr. Richardson was safe, like a movie star.  Like a movie star, he was unattainable, and consequently, not entirely real. I told myself the crush would pass, and it eventually did.

Palmer's snoring again. I nudge him, tell him to roll over, then roll over myself, wedging one hand between his rib cage and the mattress and one foot arch-deep between his thighs. He doesn't protest.  
Sleep has eluded me this evening.  Pretty soon my bedside alarm will begin to shriek at me, signifying the start of yet another day.  I need a drink.  Tea would go down good right about now.  Hot tea with honey and lemon.  
In the kitchen I fill the kettle and plug it in. While I wait for the water to boil, I stroll into the living room and take a peek out the front window.  Two black sedans are parked on the road, each facing opposite directions, waiting for me in case I decide to take it on the lam.  Inside each car sits a pair of officers—which officers are out there tonight is anybody's guess. The possibilities read like a who's who for law enforcement:  CIA, CSIS, OPP... It's funny how quickly things spiral out of your control:  yesterday I was an archaeology professor considering earning my doctoral degree. Today I am the prime suspect in a murder investigation.
The kettle begins to boil.  I unplug it.  Sometime between eyeing the sedans and thinking about the death I may have expedited, I've lost my appetite for tea. 
I return to bed, drawing my body close to Palmer's, more for security than warmth.  I find solace in the fact I was right about one thing when I was struggling with that crush on my faculty advisor all those years ago:  Palmer Richardson is safe. 
Samkin's Story
Little Samkin Tailorson had always known he was different and didn't belong. He was paler than most, and frailer, too.  The very air he breathed knew this and refused to agree with him.  On most days, it just seemed too thick, and try as he might, poor Samkin couldn't get it down fast enough.  On those days, Samkin would gasp and cough until his throat burned and his eyes turned crimson for the burst blood vessels within.
"Asthma," those in the know might say, but there were none who were "in the know," for there was no such ailment as asthma on Samkin's world.  
At night, on those particularly bad days, Samkin would lie awake in bed, listening to the voices of Vina Tailorsmate and Gilmore Tailor, his parents, confused at the hushed dialogue which ensued:
Vina:  I knew it.  I was wary from the start.
Gilmore:  Now, Vina...
Vina:  I mean it, Gil, what good are we doing the boy here?
Gilmore:  How can you seriously suggest we should—
Vina:  He should be with people who can help him. People who know what to do.
Gilmore:  (Samkin imagined his father shaking his head.) I forbid it.
Vina:  He has difficulty breathing.  Breathing, Gil. One of these days he'll expire, I swear.
Gilmore:  And what would you have me do? (And then in a voice more hushed than before) I broke the integrity of The Pact, Vina.  Do you know what would happen to me, to us, to our family, if they found out?
Samkin had no idea of what "integrity" or "pact" meant, although he'd heard the phrasing before, and with increased frequency of late.
At night, he dreamt about The Integrity of the Pact.  It was a huge, orange, scaly lizard with bug-green eyes.  It laughed as it fixed its funnel-like proboscis over his lips and nose and sucked.  Sucked and sucked until there was no air left.  He struggled violently to catch his breath. Yet still it continued to suck.  Continued until a strange woman with blue-green eyes, yellow hair and skin as pale as was his own entered the room, turned on the lights, and screamed.
Samkin awoke from these dreams gasping for air, mouth bloody, ringed by the gouges formed as he clawed at the beast in his sleep.  Certain he had screamed, he lay in bed awaiting one of his parents to arrive and soothe him with soft, cooing voice—but they never came.
Samkin hated The Integrity of the Pact, viewed it as the only thing standing between breath and expiration for him. He dreamed of the day when he could at last find the strength to rise up and smite the mighty beast, stealing the very life from it as it breathed him to within inches of losing his own. 
Artifact Night
I have been coerced by Palmer to play Antiques Roadshow at the Royal Ontario Museum tonight in his stead.  Artifact night at the ROM is a time-honoured tradition in which otherwise respectable people lug their trash, and occasionally the odd treasure, and go trolling for dough.  I hate that I'll have to spend all night fielding questions about the monetary value of their stuff.  It's like what happens on archaeological sites—someone always comes around and asks if you've found any gold yet.  It's inevitable.  Tell me something, I've always been dying to say, when you move house how much gold do you leave behind?  Instead I smile, and try to educate them on the fact that archaeology is not about the money.  What's more valuable is the information artifacts give us about what went on while the site was occupied all those years ago, regardless of their material of manufacture.  
One look at the crowd so far and I can tell that won't wash.  You don't drag yourself out of the house along with crates of your most valued possessions downtown on a week night to hear about archaeological altruism.  Many have been the nights Palmer entertained me with stories about how someone had gotten angry with him because he'd diagnosed their wanna-be museum pieces as having no monetary value.   Can you imagine?  They get angry at him!    As though it were his fault that dear, departed grandma was cheap and purchased an imitation Tiffany instead of the real thing.
The spartan corridor which leads from the school entrance past the cafeteria and gift shop seems to go on for miles, and the shoulder bag that carries my lap top seems to gain weight with every step.  
I check my watch. Artifact night isn't scheduled to begin for at least another twenty minutes or so, but you wouldn't know it, judging by the sheer number of people lining up single-file against the painted cinderblock of the corridor.
A row of metal tables has been set up opposite the Lower Rotunda (which is much blander than the majesty of the gilded, tiled, domed Upper Rotunda on the floor above), and in front of the Ontario Archaeology Gallery.  Under a low roof in a dimly lit corridor sit three people, two men and one woman, looking quite bored, indeed.  These are my partners in crime for the evening.  
On the far left is a man I've never seen before.  I read the placard in front of him.  I recognize the name as belonging to the current archaeologist on the Ministry of Transportation payroll.  I smile and wave at the man sitting beside him, an old archaeologist friend with a residual Czech accent and a quick sense of humor.  Beside him, a bookish woman, with dark, brown hair—Palmer's ex-girlfriend, Suzanne Pascoe.  She wears a Chanel-style, baby-pink suit which compliments her complexion. And though I hate to admit it, she looks good.  Damn good.  Her smoky, mascaraed eyes widen slightly when she sees me. 
In front of the empty seat beside her the card reads "Professor Richardson".  She was expecting Palmer. She thought Palmer was coming and isolated his seat so she could have him all to herself.  It's sad, really, when you think about it.  Palmer broke it off with her long ago so he could be with me in good conscience, yet she's still hung up on him.
Fun night this was turning out to be. So far, I was to be isolated from the only friend who turned out for the evening, and forced to make small-talk with my husband's ex.  Lovely.
The co-coordinator for the evening is some guy named Runkleman.  Ian, I think.  A man matching Palmer's description of Runkleman is standing close to the totem pole.  He is tall and gangly.  His neck is so long and thin, it seems almost impossible his skeleton is able to maintain his head in an upright posture.  He holds a blue Lucite clip board, and wears a ROM identification card.  It hangs from a chain around his neck, and is redundantly clipped to the right chest pocket of his dress shirt.
"Excuse me," I say, "I'm Molly McBride?  I'm filling in for Palmer Richardson tonight?"
The man looks down his prominent Romanesque nose at me.  "I thought Dr. Richardson was sending his wife."
"I am his wife."  I smile and try to look ingenuous.  
"Uh huh," Runkleman retorts.  
People usually have one of two reactions whenever I'm introduced as Palmer's wife.  There's the I'm-Horrified-He's-Robbed-The-Cradle look, usually given by women approaching the half-century-mark and beyond.  Then there's the You-Old-Dog-You look, usually to be found on the faces of men around the same age as Palmer.  Breaking with tradition, Runkleman's prissy gaze seems to weigh in with the former.
"The panel's over there," he says, shooing me back to the table.  For years now, the museum has been organizing semi-annual nights like this and Palmer's been diligently attending for as long as I can remember.  This is the first time in my memory he's ever missed a night, something or other about a valuable donation to the department he has to accept tonight or not at all.
I take a deep breath and glance back toward the panel.  At some point during my run-in with Runkleman, Suzanne has played musical chairs.  The empty chair is between the two men now. Suzanne sits on the far end beside my archaeology buddy.  Thank heaven for small miracles.  I turn my attention back to Runkleman, but he's already gone, shaking hands with another man, equally as peckish yet at least a full foot shorter.
There is a growing buzz coming from the queue building behind the claret velvet crowd control barriers.  They are the usual bunch one might see on an occasion such as this, each of them grinning eagerly as they await their turn, passing time trading stories about their respective finds.  The only difference between the patrons of the show and these ones tonight is that outside of the odd oil painting in gilded frame, this crowd is devoid of any artifacts larger than those that might fit into a standard, file storage box.
Time to take my place on the panel, I suppose.  My old archaeology buddy stands, grabs my hand in his, and shakes it enthusiastically.  "Molly," he says, "good to see you again."  He lets go of my hand.
My brain searches for his name and settles on one of two possibilities. "Serge!  It's been a while." I guess I got the name right because he’s still smiling. 
"Is this you?" he asks. He points to the placard marking my spot. "I heard ol' Paulie married a professor at the University, but I had no idea it was you."
Paulie?  Polly?  Pally?  The nickname throws me off. Nobody I know has ever called Palmer 'Paulie', not even his mother.  "Yeah, this is me."  
"How is the old guy anyway?"
"He's..." The pause between words lengthens exponentially as I try to think of something clever to say, but I am so taken aback by the whole Paulie thing I can't think of anything.  "...good."  Quickly, I snatch up the folded cardboard placard marking my spot and read the name on it. “Professor Richardson,” it says. It was meant for me. If they’d meant Palmer, they would have used “Dr.” I shake my head in disbelief.  I hate when people assume you can’t be married without taking your husband’s last name.
"Hey, listen, Serge:  you wouldn't happen to have a thick, black marker hanging around, would you?"
"Thick...black...no, why?" 
Inside my purse is a ball point pen, which I use to scribble out "Richardson" on the placard.  Above the scribbles, I write "McBride" in thin, blue letters.  When I'm done, I hold the folded cardboard up to eye level at arm's length and examine my handiwork. From a distance, it looks like "Professor Richardson" covered with a bunch of blue scribbles.  I sigh, surprised at how good it feels to oxygenate my lungs.    The pen threatens to roll off the table, but I catch it before it falls.  
Serge points out a set of electrical outlets behind us and I set up my computer before dropping into my seat.  My back is jarred by the hard metal of the folding chair.  Nevertheless, I settle in for the long-haul.

If the grey-haired biddy sitting across from me rolls her eyes one more time I swear I'm going to deck her.  "I'm pretty sure, ma'am," I tell her once more, "the key (as I've already said) is in the maker's mark.  This plate was manufactured at a pottery house in Gloucestershire.  According to my source..." I pause to scroll down the document displayed on the screen of my laptop, "this particular pottery house did make flow blue Willow Ware out of Staffordshire, but only until about 1940 or so when there was a fire that burned the plant down.  They moved the operation to Gloucestershire and continued to manufacture this plate from there after about 1945.
"If your grandmother had this plate in her possession, she couldn't have purchased it before then."
The woman shakes her wrinkles at me and clucks her tongue.  "You must be mistaken, dear.  Please, check again."
"I have checked again.  And again.  I'm sorry.  Post 1945."
The woman clucks her tongue once more and continues to shake her head.  "I'm sure you're mistaken.  Please—"
"Really, there's no mistake.  Here." I turn my computer around so she can see the screen.   "I've highlighted the portion that confirms the post 1945 date."
The woman recoils in her chair as if I've unleashed a can of pepper spray at her, and commences fanning the air before her face with her hand.  Apologetically, she says:  "I've never had much use for computers."  Now I'm the one about to recoil in my seat.  It used to be I'd have to schlep my entire reference library with me to every dig I've ever been on.  Boxes and boxes of books and binders and folders in order to identify that one piece of elusive Wheat-sheaf patterned Ironstone, or find an approximate date for a collection of Edge-ware, and then I discovered the department's scanner and CD-ROM burner.  I spent the better part of reading week last year scanning all of my loose papers, articles, and dog-eared favourite pages from books, saving them to my computer and burning them all to CD-ROM for back-up.  As much as I hate to admit it, I'd be lost without my computer.  
"Besides," the old lady continues with her excuse, "the print on the screen is much too small for me to see without my reading glasses.
"By the way," she says, "whatever happened to that nice young man, the one with the pretty brown eyes from the University?"  She cranes her neck as she surveys the immediate area, looking for someone I can only surmise is Palmer.  
"Ma'am?  Might I suggest you go home and look at the other plates in your grandmother's collection?" Suddenly, I feel guilty I have been so abrupt with the woman, and I make a conscious effort to soften my tone:  "Maybe one of the plates in her set broke and she replaced it with this one, not realizing it wasn't an original."  
The woman continues to babble on about something or other having to do with how she's sure I'm mistaken and she absolutely would have to bring the plate again when that handsome, young professor was next in attendance.
"I'm sure he'd like that," I offer.  I catch Suzanne staring at us, apparently more interested in our interaction than in the artifact she's examining.  She smiles pertly at me, and I smile back, trying to mirror the exact same sentiment.
The grey-haired woman returns her plate to her carpet bag and has (at last) mustered enough energy to rise and leave, without so much as a thank-you.
"I see you've met Old Lady Weatherly," Serge whispers, so close I detect coffee on his breath.
"She's here every time we are.  She's quite sweet on your Paulie. Did she mention his pretty brown eyes?"
I smile and breathe a quick laugh.  Someone is calling me—or at least, he would be, if I ever cared to change my name legally.
"It's McBride," I tell him, and I point to the placard in front of me.  "I go by McBride?"  
"Sorry," the man offers. He holds his hand out for me to shake.  "Ms. McBride, I'm Stanley Hume."
As I shake his hand, I take a moment to study his features.  He is a petite man, with narrow, rounded shoulders, head nearly bald save for the wispy fringe around its circumference. The lenses of his glasses are thick and round, and set in thick, black frames which make him look like a young Mr. Magoo.  
"Hello, Mr. Hume. What can I do for you today?"
"Call me Stanley, Ms. McBride.  Please." He is carrying a tan overcoat on one bent arm.  He slings it over the back of his chair before sitting.
"Okay." I smile ever so slightly.   Let's make this quick, I pray; I am beginning to feel sleepy.  "Stanley.  What can I do for you today?"
"It's this," he says.  He plunks a tin cigar box down on the table in front of me.  It lands with a metallic thud.  He smiles embarrassingly.   "Go ahead," he says as if challenging me, "open it," followed by, I dare you, spoken with his eyes.  
I smile my thin smile at him once more and then toss Serge a look.  You'd think the guy had the Holy Grail itself secreted away inside that box.  
The lid sticks and I fumble with it momentarily before working it open, handling it gingerly, lest the rusted iron hinges crumble away in my hands.
"I found it in my backyard," he says proudly.  "I was putting in a pond and hit it with my shovel,” this apologetically. “The lid sticks because of it." 
Gently releasing the lid so it rests on the table, I zoom in on the contents:  a bright blue aluminum coin with a five-point star at its centre, the kind you make in machines at places such as Centre Island or Niagara Falls; a faded, sepia photograph; a thin, silvered cigarette case; and something circular in shape which looks like the remote for a garage door opener.  My eyes first focus on the weathered photograph.  Depicted in the photo are two men.  The man on the right is a regular Dapper Dan.  He wears a driving cap and dark tweed jacket over knitted vest, circa Chitty Chitty Bang Bang.  The guy on the left has a full mane of shocking white hair and an equally shocking long white beard which tapers to a point somewhere below his Adam's apple.  Though I recognize where they're standing, I can't quite put my finger on where I've seen it before.  
"Where was this taken?" I ask Stanley.  "I know this place."
"The Princess Gates," he tells me, "at the Ex."
"Right,"  I say, mentally correcting Stanley's error:  the gates are called "The Princes' Gates", not in honour of any princess (some of my students actually believe they were named for Princess Di), but to commemorate Prince Edward and Prince George of England's 1927 visit to the fair grounds.  Another look at the photo confirms it—the white stone archway and Roman columns of the gates figure prominently in the photo. "Of course," I say, flashing what feels like an uncomfortable smile, "The Princes' Gates."  I've been to the Canadian National Exhibition at least once a year for my entire life. How could I ever have missed that?  
"Who are the men in the picture?" 
Stanley shrugs his shoulders.  "I don't know.  The picture was in the box when I found it."
"And you say it was buried in your backyard?"
"Uh huh," he says.  He snorts out a laugh.  "How cool is that?"
Pretty cool, I have to admit, but only to myself.  I force myself to smile and put the picture back into the box.  No doubt about it, this box was buried, and for some time. Though Stanley did a thorough job during its posthumous clean-up, the thing is dull and weather-worn, and still smells of damp earth. 
"Who do you think buried it?" I ask, picking up the turquoise, aluminum coin.  
Again he shrugs.  "Dunno," he says.  "A previous owner, maybe?"
The coin reads, Prescott and Prefect/Canadian National Exhibition 1949.  I read it aloud.
"Sounds like a law firm, you know? Like those personal injury guys on the tube."  He releases another unselfconscious, snorting guffaw.
My mouth inadvertently forms another of those thin-lipped smiles.  "The previous owners of the property maybe?"
"Dunno," he says, shrugging again.
My hands drop to the table. The coin feels almost weightless in them.  "What do you know about the history of your house, Stanley?"
"I know it was the house I was born in," he offers, proudly.  "I think my parents bought it when they got married."
"Which was when?"
"Fifty-five?  Or was it fifty-four?  No...Fifty-five. It was fifty-five...I think."   
"And how old is your house?"
"It's a century home, I know that.  Built sometime around the turn of the century."  He shifts his position in the thinly padded bridge chair beneath him.  "The turn of the twentieth century, that is."  He snorts again, beaming, as if he has just told the funniest joke in the world.
I try to look amused by his wit, but then remember the coin.  Grasping it in both hands, I raise it to eye level.   Skin oil often helps to clean away dirt encrusted from long-buried metallic objects.  The best source for oil of this kind is stored in the folds of the nose, where the outer edge of the nostril meets the face.  I rub the side of my nose with my thumb and then rub the coin between my oily thumb and forefinger.  Not much else is revealed so I try it again.  Still nothing.  "And so this box might have been buried sometime after the date on the coin, but before when you were born, sometime in the mid-nineteen-hundreds."
"Nineteen-sixty," he says.  I must look puzzled, because he adds, "That's when I was born:  nineteen-sixty," as clarification.
"But you don't know the men in the photo?" 
He frowns.  "Nope."
"And the names Prescott and Prefect don't ring any bells with you?"
He continues to frown and begins shaking his head.  "Uh-uh."
"So maybe it was buried between nineteen-forty-nine and sometime in the nineteen-fifties when your parents bought the house?"
Stanley shrugs.
"Interesting," I say, sounding more distracted than interested.  I drop the turquoise coin into the box, pick up the silvered cigarette case, and admire the delicate filigreed engravings on its exterior by tracing it with my finger. The workmanship that must have gone into its manufacture...it's a beautiful thing.
Inside the case is a paper liner the size of the interior of the case.  On the paper is what looks like a map of the world, although the land masses don't jibe with the atlas in my mind.  There are fewer land masses on the map, and there is a gaping inlet where California should be.  Also, some island chains in the Pacific seem to be missing.   "Interesting," I say once more, this time with feeling.  I raise the open case to my face and breathe deeply, expecting to smell stale tobacco, but sense dust and damp earth instead.  "Huh," I say.  I close the case, return it to the box, and turn my attention to the garage-door-remote-like thing.  
"Strange," I say in spite of myself.  The object is actually lighter than I had anticipated and I almost drop it.  On the back of it is a clip, like a belt clip on a cell phone case.  The object itself is circular, about two inches in diameter.  It’s made of a lightweight material like burnished aluminum or chrome. On its face are two concentric circles, the inside one of polished metal, no more than one-quarter of an inch in diameter.  My fingers pass over the smaller circle and I realize it is a button.  Curious, I depress the button.  I'm not sure what I expect to happen when I do, but I feel kind of disappointed when nothing does.  No bells. No beeps. No fireworks.
"What's this?" I ask Stanley.
He laughs once, breathy and nasal before he says, "I was hoping you could tell me."
"This was in the box with the other things?"
"Yep," Stanley says, staring at me.
"This seems way more modern than the other artifacts."
"I know," he gushes, "isn't it cool?  That's what they call an anachronism, isn't it?  Something out of time?"
It's an anachronism, all right.  And the fact Stanley knows it's called that makes his collection that much more suspect. 
"Stanley, on an archaeological site," I say, trying not to sound too condescending in an effort to avoid another Old Lady Weatherly scenario, "on an archaeological site when we find artifacts together which don't seem to belong to the same time period, we usually concede it’s because the site's been...disturbed somehow.  Was where you found this thing in your backyard at all disturbed?"
"Oh, no!" he blurts, sounding every bit as surprised at the accusation as he looks.  "Ms. McBride, I assure you the ground in my backyard is every bit as pristine as the day my parents bought the property."  His facial expression seems wounded.  "Besides," he offers, "I found it in the same box as the other artifacts.  How could a simple disturbance of the soil account for that?"
"What about your friends, Stanley?  Could one of them be playing a practical joke on you?  Lifting the sod, maybe, in order to bury the box?" I chance a quick glance at my watch.  Not quite 8:30 yet.  My watch is battery operated and doesn't tick.  No use holding it up to my ear to make sure it’s working.
"Look at me, Ms. McBride," he says, matter-of-factly.  "I'm a very lonely man.  I get up in the morning, go to work, and come home in the evening.  I see no one but strangers all day long.  The only familiar face is the one I see in the mirror every morning when I wake up, and every night before I go to sleep. "Stanley looks down at his hands which he begins to wring together.  The man looks pitiful. If what he says is true, I feel sorry for him. "I wish I had people who cared enough about me to play such a joke."  
"Look, Stanley," I say, "why don't you leave it with me?  Maybe I could find some time over the next little while to do some research about your house, find out who the previous owners were."  Immediately after I say this I'm sorry.  
"Absolutely.  Keep the artifacts for as long as you like."
"No, Stanley, I don't mean the artifacts.  Why don't you give me your phone number and—"
"But I want you to have them.  Couldn't you take another look at them tomorrow, maybe?  In the light of day?  See if anyone you know can help you with my mystery.  When you're done, you could swing by my place to return them and check out where I found them." 
While Stanley's discovery certainly sounds interesting, my offer to do the research for him was kind of half-hearted, and self-serving.  Should he take me up on the offer, he might leave.  I could say I did the research on his property and found nothing.  Consequently, I would be done with Stanley Hume forever, this night would shortly draw to a close and I could go home.  If I accepted the artifacts however, it would mean the evening would not end with the little hand on the eight and the big hand on the six, but rather would linger on, long into the week, consuming more of my time than I'm willing to give to this matter.  And for what?  For nothing more than a practical joke?  The more I think about it, the more I'm sure this is the case. 
For example, on occasion, the University runs sites for volunteers in order to educate the public on the precariousness of the archaeological record. It happens practically every time. There’s always some yahoo who thinks it'd be funny to screw with the archaeologist by tossing a penny into a unit and try to convince the archaeologist he'd dug it up with the rest of the artifacts.  The fact of the matter is no archaeologist worth her salt would ever fall for that.  For one thing, the "joke" is just as tired as Old Lady Weatherly's support hose.  For another, depending on how far the excavations had progressed, the penny would be an anomaly and thrown out anyway because it would be the only thing that didn't fit.
The truth is you don't get collections of artifacts that are this divergent from each other, not without soil disturbance or some kind of monkey business.  
"I don't want your artifacts, Stanley."
Stanley looks as though I've just slapped him in the face. "Please, Ms. McBride.  I would consider your agreeing to investigate an honour."  
"Really, Stanley, I—" My protest is cut short by chimes sounding over the P.A. system indicating the end of the evening. At last.
"Ladies and Gentlemen," says a whiney voice that could only belong to Runkleman, "the museum is now closing.  Please exit via the Rotunda doors and have a good evening.  Thank you for visiting the Royal Ontario Museum."
"Okay, then," Stanley says.  He slaps his thighs, stands and gathers his overcoat from the back of his chair, "it's settled, then."  He fumbles in his back pocket for his wallet and then fumbles with his wallet until he withdraws a business card with black embossed text on it.  "My card.  Call me when you're done and you can come over and take a look-see at the yard."
Once more the chimes sound.  Shortly thereafter, Runkleman resumes his post directing human traffic out of the building.  
"Goodnight Ms. McBride.  And thank you."  He nods curtly and holds out his hand, grinning like the cat that just ate the canary. We shake hands briefly.  He continues to smile as he fastidiously adjusts his overcoat on his arm and then turns to leave.  Finally, I think, as I watch Stanley's back disappear into the open elevator doors at the opposite end of the Lower Rotunda.  He waves briefly as the doors close. 
What a bust this night has been.  Palmer promised an evening of intrigue and fun (as if a parade of eccentrics and what essentially amounts to junk could ever pass for fun).  And now I'm saddled with the responsibility of caring for a tin box chock full of some stranger's garbage.  The one bright light of the evening was being given the opportunity to catch up with Serge during the lulls.
"A bunch of us are going to grab a drink at the pub down the street. Care to join us?" Serge asks.  He startles me. I'm still focused on the doors to the elevator that swallowed up Stanley Hume.  
"Thanks, but no." As much as I'd like to.  "I'm zonked."  It's the truth. I have a half-hour's subway ride ahead of me and still have to review tomorrow's lecture notes.    "Besides, Palmer's waiting,” I tell him.  Not that Palmer would mind. He’s probably still tied up receiving his mystery delivery.  "Rain cheque?" Serge exaggerates a nod. "It was great to see you again, Serge.  Best wishes to the family."  We shake hands, and I head back toward the employee entrance in an effort to evade the stragglers who will have to go home tonight without having their artifacts identified.
Palmer's Intro
The first thing that strikes me as I open the door is the stench.  The exact smell is hard to pinpoint, but it's reminiscent of putrification mixed with something more noxious and acrid, like vinegar or ammonia.  I ran over an already dead skunk in the middle of the road once, and was stuck smelling that exact smell until it worked its way free of my tire treads.  My eyes begin to water. I feel a tickle at the back of my throat and have to cough.  
Palmer is sitting at the kitchen table hunched over whatever it is he's working on.  
"God, Palmer," I say, "what's that horrible smell?"
"Molly?  Meet Ringo.  Shake hands."  He thrusts at me what appears to be a small, severed hand, minus the skin and most of the flesh.  Thick, sinewy cartilage envelops most of the joints, holding what remains of the limb together.  I gasp and recoil at the sight.
"That's not very polite now, is it?" He smiles proudly.
"What the hell is that?"
"This...is Ringo...well, part of him, anyway.  Named after the Beatle."
"That's disgusting, Palmer."
"Remember that delivery I had to take?" 
"Yeah..." I say.  My mind is occupied calculating how many windows I'll have to open and for how long before the house is properly aired out.  Though what he is doing is gross, it is mesmerizing, and I cannot take my eyes off the child-sized appendage. I manage to tear my eyes away long enough to make my way to the window over the sink and slide it open.  Fresh air at last. I drink it in.
"I got a call from the zoo this afternoon. Poor Ringo died late last night.  They performed the autopsy this morning.  Confirmed he died of old age.  Quite sad, really. He was their oldest chimp."
"And you have...his hand?"	
"Yeah.  Well, his forearm, actually."
"And you have it because...?"  The tickle at the back of my throat returns.  I find a cold bottle of water in the fridge, crack the seal and swallow almost half of it at once.   
"I want my students to prepare him starting tomorrow.  I thought we might de-flesh him and mount him.  Keep him in the lab as a teaching tool."
"Uh-huh," I say, my attention taken by the sight of my pasta pot on the stove.  Please, Palmer, please—not my pasta pot, I pray as I gather enough courage to peer inside.  Floating on the murky water is a layer of foamy scum mixed with dark brown hair.  That settles it.  I need a new pot.  Otherwise, every time I cook a pot of spaghetti all I'm ever going to be able to think about is chimpanzee stew.
"I thought I might do his hand as an exemplar.  You know, to give the students an idea of what they should be doing."  
"Remind me again why I never pursued a career in forensic anthropology?"   All I can think about is having to examine a human body in the same stage of decomposition as Ringo the Chimp.  I don't know how Palmer does it.  Teaching at the University is only part of what he does. He is routinely called in to consult for the Toronto Metropolitan Police, whenever they find a badly decomposed body they need help identifying.  He can look at a skeleton and make a pretty good estimation of height, weight, sex, ancestry, lifestyle, and death.  It's fascinating work—if you can stomach it.
"So how'd it go tonight?" he asks.  He's hunched over his project again, busying himself with scraping small scraps of flesh from Ringo's bones with a scalpel knife. 
The air coming in through the window is chilly and I consider closing it for a second, but then I catch a whiff of what's brewing in the pasta pot again and my stomach lurches.   "Uh, Palmer?"  I manage to swallow the bile that rises at the back of my throat by taking another swig of water.  "Why'd you have to use my spaghetti pot for that?"
"I'll wash it," he says, "don't worry."  Not once does he raise his eyes.
"It won't be enough.  We're going to have to buy a new pot."
Now he does looks up from his work. He appears amused.  "I'll wash it twice."  He smiles at me and I have to fight smiling back.  This is serious—I love that pot.  "The dishwasher'll sterilize it, I'm sure," he says.  He scratches at the chimp's knuckle, first with his fingernail and then with the scalpel.  "So?" he asks again. "How did it go?"
"Okay, I guess.  I got to catch up with Serge.  Oh, and Suzanne sends her regards."  I say this half-teasing, voice sing-songy. I consider sitting beside him at the table, but there's something about watching him pick at the bone and the sound it makes that makes me feel like puking.  Instead, I walk to the opposite end of the kitchen and stand behind him, far enough to so his body obscures the details of what he’s doing.  I concentrate on the delicate movement of his arms.
"Old Lady Weatherly asked for you."
"Did she bring another of grandma's flow blue china plates?"
I can't help but smile.  "What's the deal with that?"
"The first plate she brought to me was authentic—well over a hundred years old.  Since then, she brings me a different plate every time."  I can tell he remembers her fondly. He stops scraping momentarily and shakes his head.  "Every time I see her she brings me another plate and every time I see her she goes home disappointed."
"Well, there wasn't much more than that:  some playing cards, more plates, your typical attic fare.  Except for this one guy?  Stanley Hume?  Claims he found this box buried in his backyard.  Actually gave me the artifacts.  Wouldn't take 'no' for an answer."  
Palmer looks at me over his shoulder.  "What do you mean, ‘gave’ them to you?"  
"He insisted I have them.  Wants me to do some research on them.  Gave me his card so I could give them back."
"And you're going to do the research for him?"
I think about this for a moment, actually completing the research I promised the guy, but then I think better of it.  "Who has time for research?  I'll probably just call him later in the week and drop them off at his house when he's at work."
He nods and then returns to his scraping.  "That's what I'd do too, I guess."
I watch him in silence for a moment.  "Well, that's it for me," I tell him, "I'm going to bed."
He looks at me over his shoulder and I am overwhelmed by the urge to grab him from behind and nibble on his ear.  He puts down what he's doing long enough to weave his fingers through my hair. It feels good.  I try hard not to think about the fact the fingers entwined in my hair are the exact same fingers that were picking monkey cartilage off the bone only seconds before.  "You'll clean my pot tonight?" I whisper into his ear. The whole eccentric professor thing is charming on him and I want to be understanding, but try as I might, I can't be nonchalant about the pot. 
"Goodnight, Moll," he says, good-humoured but dismissive. I release him from my grasp. His arms resume their delicate scraping motion.  "Be in soon," he says.  
	
It is 2:26 by my bedside clock before I feel Palmer climb into the bed beside me and I can't help but think about the pot once more.  I say a silent prayer I don't wake up to day old monkey scum floating in a pot on the stovetop tomorrow morning. 

Boy Sees God
Dr. Trisha Purchase finished coloring in the circle before exchanging the fat yellow crayon for a fat red one.  She gazed at the boy sitting across the table from her.  Five year old Cody Gruber sensed her looking and snuck a sideways glance before he returned to his drawing.  Trisha began outlining thick red petals around the yellow circle.  She had completed three petals, nearly half her flower, before examining Cody's drawing in detail.
Usually the boy busied himself drawing pictures of him and his family in front of their new house, or of elaborate cityscapes with roads under repair, drawbridges and the CN Tower.  But this drawing was different.  Along one side of the heavy, cream-colored paper was a stick figure of a boy with blond hair and blue eyes, assumedly Cody himself.  The stick boy was boxed in with a brown rectangle.  Beside the boy-in-a-box was a second stick figure, tall and thin and wearing a long, flowing robe.
"Cody," Trisha began, "that's a great picture you're drawing."
The boy smiled without diverting his attention from the paper.
"What is it?"
"Well," the boy said, "this is me."  He pointed to the small stick figure in the box.  "I'm in bed and I'm sleeping."
Trisha smiled at him, trying to make the boy feel at ease.  "And the other figure?"
"That's God," Cody replied, matter-of-factly.
So that was it, Trisha thought.  At long last we see the manifestation of the troublesome behaviour his parents were talking about.  Twice a week for three long weeks, Trisha and Cody had sat there, on opposite sides of the low coffee table, drawing pictures.  While Cody drew his cityscapes, Trisha busied herself drawing brightly coloured flowers with thick, green stems, stars, smiling suns and happy spiders with Kodiak work boots.  At last, a breakthrough.  Let's see if we can get to the root of the problem, shall we?
"Cody? Sweetheart?" she asked.  "Why do you think that's God?"
"Well, because it is.  He came to visit me."
"And did he tell you he was God when he came?"
"Nope."
"Then how do you know it was him?"
"I just know."  Cody put down the black crayon with which he had been drawing the darkness in the room and picked up a white one.  He began scribbling a long, white beard on the face of the God stick figure.
Contemplating her next move, Trisha finished drawing her daisy and traded the red crayon for green.  She began to draw a thick, green stem with the usual three fat leaves.
"Cody," she said, "I'm a bit confused.  When you say you saw God, you mean you saw a man who looked like God, like how you imagine God to look, right?"  She studied the drawing of the person Cody purported to be The Man himself.
"Nope," he said, raising a single finger as if to punctuate his point.  "It was him, alright."
"How did God get into your room, Cody?"
"Well," he said, relaxing his crayon hand, and resting it on the table.  He looked skyward, considering his reply.  "He just appeared."
"You mean it was like he just appeared in the doorway and walked right in, don't you?"
"Nope.  I mean he just appeared.  He was just there, in the middle of the room, and then he wasn't.  And then Daddy got mad."
Trisha frowned.  "Why did Daddy get mad, Cody?"
"Well," Cody said, taking a deep breath before continuing, "when he left, he left my room in a terrible mess."  
Trisha frowned again.  God, it seemed, was alive and well.  According to Cody, he looked like Dumbledore in the movie renditions of Harry Potter, and visited little boys in the middle of the night to trash their rooms.  Trisha stopped talking long enough to finish her flower.  She put down the green crayon and chose a brown one instead with which she drew a small circle—the body of a smiling spider with buck-teeth and oversized, leather work boots.  
"Cody," Trisha said, pausing long enough to bite her lower lip, "why did God come to visit you?"
"I don't know," he said, continuing to colour as he spoke.  "I think he was lost."  Cody looked up at Trisha as if to gauge her reaction to this last statement.
"Why do you think that, Sweetie?"
"Well, he just stood there, looking around.  He looked at me and then at my room and then he just left."
"How did he leave, Cody?"
"He just left.  And he messed my room up good." His face lit up as he spoke, arms flailing wildly for emphasis.  "It was awesome!  Poof!  And he was gone!  It was cool."  


In Situ
I absolutely love doing archaeological research.  On a site, there's just me, the soil, and the occasional artifact—it's paradise.  There are no daydreaming students asking for clarification, no one trying to nickel and dime me for an extra mark or two on their assignments, no whining because I refuse to arrange for make-up lab time, just the sun and the dirt and my trowel.  In the case of historical research, the beauty is in the century-plus written word.  Volumes and volumes of lists of deed owners, title transfers and mortgage liens; maps and census records and tax assessment roles; microfiche and dusty, yellowed, hand-written ledgers; for me, there's something desirable about it, personal, sexy.
Although I generally jump at the opportunity—any opportunity—to visit the archives, I never intended to do any sort of research for Stanley Hume.  I never do anything for which I could get paid, for free.  Besides which, my time comes at a premium and there's very little of it to spare.  There are always lectures to compose, papers to grade, labs to run...Any day I leave campus by six is a good day.  It's a bonus if Palmer comes with.  Even so, unless you're a reality TV junkie (which I'm not), there's not much else to do but boot up the computer and do some work.  Most nights I barely have time to eat or shower, so there's no way I was going to spend some of my precious free time doing research for a total stranger on a collection of artifacts that would almost certainly turn out to be a fraud.  I had fully planned to hold on to the box for a while, maybe a couple of weeks or so, and then contact Stanley, make arrangements to drop off the artifacts and tell him I had found nothing.  
But then the phone calls started to come, and that damned tin box sat on my desk mocking me every time I sat down, daring me to open it. Four lousy artifacts:  a token, a photo, a silver case and a small, metallic object—I don't know why the collection intrigued me as much as it did.   If Stanley had truly excavated the box in his backyard, there had to be a logical explanation for how these disparate artifacts found their way into a box buried around the middle of the century.  The trouble was, the more I thought about it, the more I was certain I wasn't getting the whole story from him.  
For me, that settled it. The only way I was ever going to resolve that conundrum of mine was to get up off my ass and actually do the research, if for no other reason but to prove Mr. Stanley Hume's micro-museum a hoax.
So I bit the bullet and did the research, which is how I find myself standing on Stanley Hume's front stoop, waiting for him to answer the door, which he does, after what seems like eons.  
Stanley greets me affably at the door, wearing ill-fitted jeans, a Roots sweatshirt, and flip-flop sandals over white exercise socks—eww!  There’s something about socks and sandals that reeks of old man in retirement villa in Florida.  I swear I would shoot Palmer if he ever wore socks with sandals. 
Stanley invites me in and leads me on an impromptu grand tour of the house.  Crossing the threshold of Stanley's house is like crossing a threshold in time.  Stanley's mother, it appears, was a woman of bland taste. Stanley, it appears, is a man of no taste but for that of his mother.  Every wall of the house's interior is covered with something that looks like bitter mint green.  All of the walls are bare, save for the odd too-large, too-ornately framed oil painting caked with dust.  The house would be perfectly, tastefully decorated—if this were still the nineteen-fifties, that is. 
In spite of the dust bunnies proliferating on the floor and hanging from the ceiling and the odd cobweb spanning the corner of the odd door jamb, the house is immaculate, and gorgeous, I have to admit.  From the original wood work framing the room entrances and the cranberry and cobalt glass in the front transom, to the dust and mildew in the air, this house is definitely a piece of history.
"What I really wanted to show you was out back.  This way," Stanley says, and starts walking down the narrow hallway which leads to the kitchen, bath and bedrooms at the back.  Stanley detours into a door under the stairwell which leads us down a narrow, warped flight of stairs and out to the backyard.  
Near the center of the yard, Stanley had dug a very large hole, at least three feet deep.  "In there," he tells me.  
I kneel down at the lip of the hole, trying to eye the stratigraphy of it.  Good thing I brought my digging kit.  I lower the canvas sack from my shoulder to the ground and work my trowel free.  "May I?" 
"Please do," Stanley says.  He sounds a little too enthusiastic at the promise of having someone poke around in what amounts to nothing more than a hole in the middle of his backyard.  
I swing my legs over the edge of the hole, gently lower myself down and begin scraping away at the exposed soil facade.  There seems nothing extraordinary about the layers of soil on Stanley's property, but I already suspected this would be the case based on my research.  Stanely's father, Noel Hume, purchased the house in 1955.  Before that, it had been owned by one Spencer Prescott, assumedly of Prescott and Prefect fame.  Prescott had purchased the property from John McNabb in the summer of 1932.  McNabb had purchased the property in 1909.  Prior to McNabb's purchase, the land had been a parcel of a one hundred acre farm which was granted to Lockhart Wheeler in 1860.  Around the time of Wheeler's occupation, addresses were organized into lots and concessions.  Proper street addresses would not have applied until sometime after McNabb had built the current Hume residence.   As near as I could tell, the Hume residence was built on land which was in a subdivision somewhere in the north-east portion of the original farmstead, i.e., in the middle of nowhere.
I scrape down the sides of the hole and spray the exposed surface with my handy-dandy water bottle, to enhance the colours.  The first two or three inches are very dark brown, almost black, very loamy and imbued with grass roots, typical of most topsoil layers.  Beneath this layer, the soil grows slightly darker, and loamier, but is otherwise almost indistinguishable from the layer above.  I scrape at the sides of the pit once more.  About six inches down and only in this part of the hole, there is a thick stripe of yellowish clay. It tapers to nothing at either end, fading into the soil surrounding it, forming the imprint of the hole that had been dug to bury the box.  I use the tip of my trowel to outline the periphery of the feature as I see it. The sides are curved, the bottom jagged—there seems nothing out of the ordinary about the hole.
"I don't know, Stanley." I inadvertently grunt as I hoist myself up and out of the hole.  "Other than that the hole was probably dug with a shovel, I can't tell you anything more about it."
"That's it?" Stanley asks with incredulity.  "Can't you dig it out or something?"
"I'm sorry, no."
"Why not?"
Anything buried—from artifacts to power lines—is considered by law to be the property of the citizens of Ontario. To dig, haphazardly and without a permit, for artifacts, is akin to archaeological sacrilege. "Okay Stanley," I say in what I hope sounds calm and not condescending. "Let me ask you a few questions.  Do you ever find anything when you garden?  Broken plates?  Nails?  Glass?"
Stanley frowns and shakes his head.
"Did you find anything in the dirt you excavated when you dug out the hole?"
Stanley's shoulders fall.  He continues to frown.  "No," he says, flatly.
"I'm sorry, Stanley," I say.  "I could apply for an archaeological license, probably get it in a month or so and be ready to mount a full-out dig, get some students down here and begin excavations by next spring, but I don't see what the point of it would be.  According to my research, this house has been here going on a century now, built after the city institutionalized garbage collection. Before that, it was the middle of a farm. The farmhouse was about a half kilometre away.  There'd just be nothing here to find."
"Can't you at least dig out the rest of the hole?"
I shake my head and avoid eye contact with him by cleaning off my trowel while I speak.  "Legally?  No, I can't.  Ontario law states if you find an artifact as the result of activity on your property—landscaping, for example—then its okay.  But the second you begin digging specifically to find artifacts without a permit to do so, you're breaking the law.  Ethically, I can't excavate the rest of the hole."
"Wait a second.  You're telling me I can't excavate on my own property?"
"No, Stanley.  I'm telling you I can't excavate on your property, not even with your permission.  If however, you decided to continue excavation for your pond..."
Stanley breaks out into an ear to ear grin.  He stands and picks up the shovel, poising it just above the grass a few inches in front of his feet.  "Screw the pond.  If I have to, I'll put in a whole pool."  
I swear my stupid comments are going to get me into trouble one of these days.
It takes Stanley the better part of an hour to excavate the other half of the hole that was probably first dug by Prescott sometime around the middle of the last century.   As Stanley digs, I sift his dirt. Every shovelful comes up empty.  I hate to say, I told you so, but...   

After we backfill the hole, Stanley invites me in for a cup of tea and although hot drinks aren't my bag, I'm parched.  There's something about inhaling dirt for the better part of an afternoon that does that to you.  I accept Stanley's gracious offer, against my better judgment—I've already done my good deed for the day and then some. What I really need is to hop into a steamy hot shower.  
As we wait for the water to boil, I fill Stanley in about Prescott, McNabb and Wheeler.  
The pot begins to whistle and Stanley pours.  After his tea steeps, he drinks it European style, through a sugar cube he holds between his front teeth. I wait for my sugar cubes to dissolve and the tea to cool while Stanley asks questions about my experience as an archaeologist, which   I answer with reluctant detail, willing my tea to cool quickly so I can drink it and make an excuse to leave.  Though I can't put my finger on it, there is something unsettling about sitting in a stranger's house alone and drinking tea that prevents me from feeling safe in the situation.  Too many horror movies as a teenager, perhaps?  I contemplate asking for an ice cube to speed the cooling process, but decide against it.
When the tea is finally cool enough, I drink it in large gulps, eager to be done with the visit, especially since Stanley has begun to speak of his Mother's demise and his cloying loneliness, and without prompting, I might add.
Finally, I am able to empty the cup, save for the pepper-like residue left behind by so many brands of mass-produced tea bags, when Stanley reaches for the kettle, intending to pour me a second cup of hot water.  I stay his hand, thank him graciously and make an excuse about Palmer expecting me for dinner.  He walks me to the door and I thank him once more, expressing empathy in his disappointment at coming up empty earlier, and at long last, manage to escape into the waning daylight. On the way home, I treat myself to a celebratory, good-bye-Stanley-Hume iced mocha drink at the corner coffee shop before getting on the subway.   

Voren's Story
"...And so do you always roam around the city in your pajamas?"
"Pajamas?" he bellowed, tone fraught with insult, "I do not know this word.  What is this 'pajamas'?"
"Your robe," the detective said.
"Robe!  How dare you?  This is not a robe!  This is a scholarly gown!"  He shot quickly out of his chair and stood, stiff as a board, arms locked, hands planted firmly on the table in front of him.  His chair lay toppled on the floor behind him.  
The detective remained sitting, unflinching at Voren's outburst.  He looked at him with an expression that begged to know if the man with the long, white hair, and long, white beard was crazy.
Voren considered his stance and then relaxed, realizing he must appear threatening to his captor.  "I apologize for my behaviour."  He checked his posture and smoothed his gown.  He ran his hands over his hair and beard, pausing to wipe a thin bead of spittle which had formed on his lower lip.  "It is unbecoming for a man of my station in society."  He bent to right his chair.
Behaviour unbecoming a man of his station, indeed.  His treatment since he had arrived had been anything but deserving of a man such as Voren Prefect.  First there was the noisy, foul-smelling vehicle ride and then the blackening of his finger pads and blinding, flashing lights (strange ceremonies), followed by this—forced to spend the better part of the day in a drab grey room with nothing more than a single bright light overhead and a single mirrored window on the far wall.  
"Ok, pops," said the detective in low tones, only slightly more cordial than before, "we've been at this for hours now.  What say you come clean and tell us who the hell you really are?"
The bearded man cleared his throat and pronounced (and not for the first time that day):  "I am Voren Prefect.  First Prefect of the—"
"Mexus Prefecture.  I know.  I know."  He sighed. "Same old song and dance."  
They heard a quick knock at the window.  The detective glanced in its direction before rising and leaving the room.  Voren heard the click of the lock behind the man after he closed the door. He folded his arms across his chest and harrumphed.

"I don't know, Chief," Detective Nick Mozzone conceded, "the guy's a tough nut to crack."
Chief Waldo Emmerson of New York's 15th division motioned for Nick to close the door behind him and sit down.  "What've you got so far, Nicky?"
"The guy's a ghost."  He worked his notepad from the breast pocket of his shirt, and flipped through the pages until he found his notes.  "No warrants, no record, no driver's license, no service record—I'm telling you, there is no record of a Voren Prefect anywhere.  He doesn't exist."
"Of course he exists." Emmerson pointed down the hall, gesturing with his hand as though directing traffic.  "He's sitting in the interrogation room as we speak."
"We ran his prints:  nothing.  I'm tellin' ya:  a ghost.  He's no one.  It's like he never existed before today." 
Emmerson picked up his telephone and dialed three numbers—an internal extension.  
"Captain?" asked Mozzone.
"I'm calling for a psych eval. Let's wait for the results before we declare him a resident of the Twilight Zone, huh?"	
Further to Stanley’s Discovery
There are more things on this earth that we, as human beings, can ever hope to understand. Some label the unknown as “religion”. They believe the inexplicable to be proof of the existence of God. Others embrace Science as a means by which they might find an explanation for the inexplicable through supposition and controlled experimentation. The dogma of others settles somewhere between the two. Not content with faith alone, these people seek the reason behind the unknown, sometimes looking to religious symbolism, other times borrowing from the scientific method, melding the two into something called “Pseudo-science”. 
	When studied under the lens of Anthropology, Pseudo-science is an interesting system of beliefs, as it provides insight into the study of human beings and how they make sense of their world. This is the crux of the pan-discipline of Anthropology, the umbrella under which Archaeology, the study of the concrete ways in which people have shaped the world around them, falls. Though extremely fascinating, and given to moments that make one go “hmmmm”, I prefer to relegate my forays into Pseudo-science to hobby. Humankind may never know the true circumstance of John F. Kennedy’s demise on the grassy knoll, or the exact resting place of Jesus Christ’s remains, or if beings from another planet ever visited. The truth of the matter is none of that really matters. The fact these events are in question at all is what interests me. Archaeology deals in the concrete (as I’ve already said), which means I deal in the concrete. If I can’t examine it on a tray in my lab, I choose to reserve judgment until I can.
While I may be above making snap judgments about the unusual and/or the unknown, my students are not. This is why a little course I created about Pseudo-archaeology has ballooned to gargantuan popularity. Given the current political climate, my students are more than likely to believe the government has a secret agency—call them The Men in Black, Majestic 12, Project Blue Book, or whatever you will—whose sole purpose is to squash reports of alien abductions, evidence of life on Mars or the secret location of Atlantis or the Garden of Eden.  Criptozoology, The Yeti, Sasquatch, The Loch Ness Monster—all of these things and more provide easy fuel for my lectures. And the students eat it up and greedily ask for seconds.  
The current lecture is one on the anthropology of Piltdown Man, the name given to a doctored skull found in England close to the turn of the twentieth century. The sole light in the darkened lecture hall is through my first PowerPoint slide. It shows a photographic depiction of the remains of Piltdown Man.  It bathes the room with a warm, terra cotta glow. 
"Behold:  Eoanthropus Dawsoni, more commonly known as Piltdown Man," I say, voice amplified by the microphone on the head-set I use. "Discovered in 1912 by Charles Dawson near Sussex, England, this fossil would turn the evolutionary world on its ear.  The skull, being so humanlike, and the jaw, being so apelike, proved beyond a shadow of a doubt it was the human intellect that was first to evolve, which satisfied us anthropocentric Homo sapiens that we were so far removed from the common ape it really didn't matter if we shared a common ancestor somewhere down the line."
A few students chuckle nervously, as though they're not sure if they should find this statement funny.  I change the slide to a graphic representation of the human evolutionary tree before continuing.  "But the problem with Dawson's namesake was as more and more evolutionary discoveries were being made, the specimen simply didn't seem to make sense anymore."
The class is so quiet you can hear a pin drop. Piltdown is closely tied to notions of human evolution and Social Darwinism, hotbeds of controversy, even in the new millennium. Evolution is still taboo amongst so many religions and the finer points of how Social Darwinism influenced past evolutionary thought is lost on students who see it as nothing more than the foundation for most racist ideologies. In today’s day and age, I’m never sure if a totally silent lecture hall indicates students in rapt attention, or seething at the blasphemy I expound. 
Momentary darkness engulfs the theatre only to be re-lit through another sepia-toned slide, this time one depicting the faces of three men.  "It wasn't until 1950 (or thereabouts) when state-of-the-art dating techniques were applied to the Piltdown fossil, that it was discovered a hoax," I say, "and a clever one at that.  You see, 'til this day, no one knows who the mastermind behind the hoax really was."
I change the image on the screen to a man wearing a tweed suit with knee pants, a bow tie and bushy eyebrows. He holds a shovel in one hand and the articulated Piltdown skull in the other.  "Charles Dawson," I say.  "He's the one who found the fossil, the one who brought its existence to light in the press, the one who reaped all the fame and glory as a result.  He was simply an unknown, amateur scientist before the find.  Now his is a household name.  At least it was back then."  
Again there is a short burst of nervous laughter from the students, followed by quick and rapt silence. A door at the back of the lecture hall whooshes open and then closes.  
The slide changes to reveal the face of a second man glowing on the screen, this one with dark hair, receding hairline and a moustache.  He sits behind a desk with a number of hominid fossils on it.  "Arthur Smith Woodward," I continue.  "He was with Dawson when he found the fossil.  It's been proposed his motive was nothing more than wanting to provide the world with evidence his particular view of evolution was correct.  In retirement he returned to the Piltdown site to continue excavating, but alas," I sigh, "found nothing."
Once more the slide changes.  This time it is to a photo of two men, sitting on a pile of dirt.  They wear tweed jackets, white pants and fedoras, and hold shovels.  "The gentleman on the right is Lewis Abbott, the guy who told Dawson and Woodward about the Piltdown site," I say. "Perhaps he was slighted and orchestrated the whole event simply to set them up for the fall."
The road that leads to current evolutionary thought is paved with feudal warfare and personal attacks. Scientists who published interpretations of their finds in scholarly journals frequently had their personal and private lives assaulted in or by the media. Often, these attacks were over measurements of a fraction of a millimetre. One scientist might interpret the arch of a fossil foot to indicate the animal walked upright, as do modern humans. Given the same set of measurements, another might claim the arch too shallow or too deep to provide balance. He might counter the toes are too long and curved for bipedal locomotion, besides. Given the same set of toe measurements, the first scientist would counter the toe length is within modern human parameters and that if the other scientist had attended a reputable university or been of higher birth status, he might have noticed this in the first place. And so it goes. 
There are a few more slides to show, a bit more conspiratorial teasing before I’m done with my lecture, turn on the lights and dismiss the students. As the crowd clears, I notice Palmer standing midway up the lecture hall, talking to a smaller, balding man wearing a tan overcoat. The smaller man glances at me over his shoulder and I recognize him as Stanley Hume. Palmer does not look happy. He barks something at Stanley that I can’t make out over the buzz of student-speak as they exit the hall. Stanley almost cowers in his wake.
Quickly I gather my papers and thrust them into my bag.
“Professor McBride?” a student calls before I can make a clean getaway. “Did you get a chance to read the article I gave you?”
“I did,” I say, half-heartedly.
“You remember who I am, right? Simon? The article was on—“
“2012,” I tell him. The year 2012 is the latest Pseudo-scientific thing my students have latched onto. It deals with the fact that the Mayan calendar ends in the year 2012, which many take to be a prediction as to the time at which the world will end. How the world will end—in a ball of fire, through global warming, or alien invasion—is anyone’s guess. “The article was on 2012. Of course I remember. Of course I remember you, Simon,” I tell him. 
“What did you think of it? The article. What did you think of the article?”
I glance up at Palmer and Stanley. They speak in lowered voices, but their body language screams conflict. “I thought it was very interesting,” I say. And it was, but I don’t have the time or the head-space to discuss it here and now. “How about I set aside time in next week’s lecture to discuss it?” I pick up my satchel and step off the front podium. “I’m sorry, Simon, but I have to go now. Next week, okay?” I say over my shoulder as I make my way toward Palmer and Stanley, double-time.

"I...I...I..." I hear Stanley stammer as I near, seemingly unable to find the words to finish the answer to Palmer’s last question. "I...no!  God no!  I—"
"I'll ask you once more," Palmer says, quite loudly. He takes a breath and unclenches his fists. “What business do you have with my wife, Mr. Hume?" he says, much calmer.
"Ms. McBride's been doing research on some artifacts I found in my yard and—"
"Hey," I interrupt.  "I see the two of you have already met."  I smile. It feels pained and forced.
"What's up Stanley?  Why are you here?" I ask.  Palmer reaches for my hand and squeezes it, a move seemingly territorial on his part.  
"I just came to tell you..."  He looks at Palmer nervously but then continues facing me, "My toilet flooded two days ago.  It was bad."
"So call a plumber," Palmer says.  Palmer was upset with me for going to Stanley’s house the other day. He says that Toronto is too dangerous a place for me to be following any old museum patron home. I think in Stanley’s presence, now that he’s here, standing right in front of us, Palmer’s decided to take it out on him. 
I squeeze Palmer’s hand hard enough to feel the bones grind together. Early in our relationship, we worked out a series of hand signals.  It became a way for us to communicate things in silence that it might be rude to communicate aloud.  A squeeze could mean anything from "I love you," to "Get a load of that!"  In this case, it means, "Enough!" 
I tell Stanley to continue.  
"I did.  Call a plumber.  But it flooded the entire bathroom as well as the hall outside of the bathroom.  They had to remove the floor panels in the hall during the clean up.  I found this when they did."  Stanley produces a large, zip-up freezer bag, seemingly from out of nowhere. It contains a collection of what appears to be yellowed paper lined with dark blue ink which has bled somewhat due to age.  Or perhaps it's due to water damage from the flooding of the hall.  
"What's this, Stanley?" I ask. He hands the package to me.
"Mostly scientific notes, I think.  Written by that guy Prescott."
"How can you tell?"
"I tried to read them as they were drying," he says, almost apologetically.
I take the package from him and examine the paper through the plastic. 
"Did he sign his name anywhere?  Prescott, I mean," I say.
"No, but I did find some newspapers beneath the floor boards that had a nineteen forties date.  That was about the time Prescott owned the house, wasn't it?"
"That's not so unusual.  We often find old newspapers beneath wooden floorboards in older houses," Palmer says.  I look at him and he reddens.
 "They were probably used for leveling,” I say, “Or possibly as a cheap means of insulation."
There is a brief moment of silence during which I glance nervously at Palmer. What do you think? I hope it says.  Quite frankly, the fact these papers turned up so soon after I wrote off Stanley’s backyard excavation sounds a little fishy to me.  
Palmer shakes his head and frowns with purpose.  He looks down at his shoes.  I don't buy it, his body language says.
"I don't know, Stanley," I say. Palmer smiles as if to indicate agreement.  I shake my head, hands poised on my hips, weighing the situation.  "It's just that..." I continue, trying to let him down gently, "Without seeing where the papers were found..." I let my voice trail off and look to Palmer again, asking for help.  
"What she's trying to say is you can't simply bring an archaeologist an artifact and talk about its provenance.  In order to know it's authentic she has to see it in situ."  He nearly spits the words.  
"In situ?" Stanley asks.
"I need to see where you found them in order to know they're authentic," I say.
"I was hoping you'd say that.  Are you free now?  We could go now."
Palmer takes a deep breath, as if he’s about to object profusely.  
"That's okay, Stanley," I say. Palmer lets out his breath and relaxes his posture. "I'll give you the benefit of the doubt for now.  At least until I've read the papers.  Are the newspapers in here too?"  
Stanley nods. "Oh, and here," he says. He hands me a white, plastic grocery bag, "I thought you might like to take another look at these.  You know, in light of the new find."
I take the bag and look inside—the tin box of artifacts again. Great. I don’t know how to react to this. It would be so easy to put the papers into the bag with the artifacts and hand them back to Stanley and be done with him. But I’m not sure that’s what I truly want to do. 
I hold the bag open so Palmer can look inside. When he’s done I look up at him through the corner of my eye. 
Palmer shrugs and half-nods. It appears he’s more than a little intrigued at the situation as well. I close the bag and smile at him. 
"Well okay, then,” I say to Stanley. “I'll give you a call to let you know what I think when I'm done."  
The three of us stand in the middle of the lecture hall, looking at each other in silence.  Palmer’s watch beeps.  "I have to go," he says. "Walk me to my class, Moll?"  We say goodbye to Stanley and walk the distance between the lecture hall and Palmer’s next class in silence.	  
Man Sees Crop Circle
Headline of The National Interrogator:

Idaho Man witnesses formation of crop circle.  "Glimpses of future," says expert.

Idaho farmer Burt Warren knows how crop circles are made.  He's witnessed the formation of six of them in his wheat field.  And an expert claims they are souvenirs left behind by visitors from the future!

While ploughing his field on his tractor, Burt heard the hum of overhead power lines intensify and then "the breeze shifted," he said.  "I turned my tractor around and there it was!"

Burt went on to describe a large building that materialized directly in front of him in his wheat field.  "One moment there was nothing but amber waves of grain and the next—there it was!"  

Burt estimates the building to have been ten stories high.  It stood on six columns of various widths and heights.  The building was visible for no more than a few seconds and then it was gone.  The only evidence of the event is the impressions of the support posts, six in total, which form a neat spiral of six crop circles.  "The most amazing thing I've ever seen," Burt said.

World renowned scientist and parapsychologist Dr. Josef Schliemann says, "What we have here is an example of the future peeking into our present.  In essence, they are taking a look back at their own past.  For years, scientists have been studying the feasibility of time travel.  Who is to say they will not master it in the future?"

Author of three books on the paranormal, Schliemann has hypothesized much of the unexplained events we witness in our lives—from ghosts to UFO sightings—are in fact not paranormal at all, but glimpses into our future.  He contends this theory is hard to prove because no physical evidence is ever left behind by the visitations.

"How many of us have ever witnessed the birth of a crop circle until today?  Or spooned ectoplasm into a jar?  How many authenticated sightings of UFOs or little green men do we have?  

"Are my theories correct?" Schliemann asks.  "Only time will tell."

The Prescott Papers
Five-thirty. I walk in the front door, grab a bottle of water from the fridge, drop my satchel on the chair by the office entrance and begin poring over Stanley’s documents.
Seven o’clock. Palmer comes home, pizza in hand. He coerces me to leave it alone long enough to have dinner. 
Seven-thirty. Back in the office, radio turned down low, entranced by Stanley’s papers. 
Twelve o’clock. Palmer pokes his head in to see if and when I’m coming to bed. I tell him soon.
Three o’clock. I hear a rustle of air and look up. Palmer’s standing in the doorway in pajama bottoms and a t-shirt. He leans against the chair with one hand and rubs his lower back with the other. His sciatica must be acting up again. I smile a sympathetic grin.
I must look a mess. My eyes feel tired and swollen. My hair, usually worn in a ponytail high up on my head hangs loosely down my neck and in my face. Though I must look a sight, it’s nothing compared to the room. Stanley’s papers drape over the desk in front of me like an old tablecloth, covering it from end to end.  My desk blotter, a snack plate, and closed laptop are recognizable only as lumps beneath the weave of paper. Random sheets carpet the floor around my chair. 
"Are you coming to bed at all tonight, Moll?" Palmer asks me. "Sun's up soon."
"I will," I say. "Shortly." I clasp my hands together and stretch, eyes closed. Before I can relax the pose, Palmer’s made his way across the room. He kneels between my knees, and runs his hands under my breasts and around my back. He buries his face between my breasts and inhales deeply.
“You’re wearing the perfume,” he says. I nod. It’s something he bought for me, a Just Because gift, a few months back. He stays still for a few breaths more. Each breath feels like an eternity. While I love being with my husband, feeling his warm embrace, he often chooses the most inopportune times to show his affection. Such as at this very moment, when all I want to do is to be left alone to make sense of Stanley’s papers.
"What are you doing here anyway?" He finally pulls away from me. 
"Reading Stanley's papers,” I tell him.  “They read like a science fiction novel. This guy Prescott?  He was hired by the U.S. government during World War Two on some long range missile defense project. When his contract was finished, he returned to Canada and began teaching Physics at the U. of T. His specialty was solar radiation and sunspots which he extrapolates to include Quantum Mechanics—"
"That's the study of time travel and alternate realities, isn't it?" He pulls himself up, using my legs for leverage, with a grimace. "Like Sam in 'Quantum Leap'."
I nod.  "That's exactly what this is.  That's why I say it's like reading science fiction.  These papers (God, there must be at least a hundred of them here) are full of scientific notation, most of which I don't understand.  Other parts I've just skimmed through so far talk about other worlds and his theory about how you could..." I pause long enough to sift through some of the yellowed documents. "Here it is," I say once I find the exact one I’m looking for. 
"Okay.  So it talks about how you could 'use solar radiance to generate an energy bubble'.  This...bubble was theoretically supposed to help you...slip...between this world and the next."  
"Pretty bizarre stuff, huh?" Palmer says.  
"There are also measured drawings for a number of artifacts I've never seen and blueprints (floor plans, really) for weird buildings.  What's strange is none of them are square.  None of them seem to have any corners."
"It sounds like maybe this Prescott wasn't dealing with a full deck."
I shrug my shoulders.  "I don't know.  Wasn't it Frank Lloyd Wright who was famous for his weird geometric building designs?  And he's still hailed as one of the geniuses of architectural design."
"What are the chances this guy Stanley wrote them?" he asks. I knew he’d have problems with the whole thing. Take my course at the University for example. You’d think there’d have been a minimal amount of red tape I had to cut in order to bring that little course of mine to fruition, given my relationship with the Department Head. Rather to the contrary—because we are married, Palmer sees me as an extension of himself. He believes anything I do reflects back on him. And because he views Pseudo-archaeology as frivolous, he was worried the University would think the same of him for allowing the course. Now that it’s been so well-received by the student body, Palmer’s one of my biggest supporters. As far as what Stanley’s papers detail, I believe they are for real. At least, I think I do. Given enough evidence, given the right amount of coaxing, Palmer’ll eventually come around, too.    
I shake my head. "Stanley Hume doesn't strike me as the kind of man who would know how to perpetrate a hoax this thorough and far reaching.  He'd have to know I could do research on this Spencer Prescott and find him out if he did.
"I mean, take this for example, this map in Stanley's collection?" I search through the documents, to find a scanned copy of the map from the silvered cigarette case-sized artifact.  "At first I thought it might be a page from a book, something about earthquakes, maybe.  An artist's projection of what California might look like after the next big quake, right?  So I Googled it.  I searched for ‘future maps’ and ‘San Andreas’ and ‘California’, and I found this."  Once more I rifle through my papers. Where is that geological survey map? When I find it, I show him Stanley's map alongside the geological survey printout. Palmer positions himself so he can study the maps over my shoulder.  
"They look alike," he tells me. He’s still not convinced, but to his credit, he’s still listening, as if he wants to believe. I know what he’s thinking. He’s thinking that if I could find the map on the Net, why couldn’t Stanley have done the same.
 "No, they look similar," I say.  "Look over here." I point out a spot where the coastline juts in on one map and juts out on another.  "And here," I say, pointing out a small island off the shoreline evident on one map, but not on the other.  I continue to point out at least five other discrepancies between the maps.    
"Okay, so the maps are different," he says.  "So what's your point?"
"My point is the map Stanley gave me, Prescott's map, is unique. And Stanley doesn't strike me as the kind of guy who would scan a map into the computer and Photoshop it just to fool me into thinking there was something special about his collection, that they came from another world. 
 "And while we're on the subject," I continue, "why come to me with it at all?  He could be sitting on a potential goldmine. If Stanley knew what he had here, why not try to publish it himself?  I'm sure the tabloids would eat it up." 
“He might not go to the tabloids himself because he knows the papers are fake. If he’s perpetrating a hoax, he wouldn’t want his name attached to it,” he says, deadpan.
I won’t lie and say the thought hadn’t crossed my mind, but I discounted that notion long ago—the papers are too brilliant in their prose. “Why would Stanley want to do something like that?” I ask him. “Why me?”
“Because it’s what you do, Moll. Conspiracies? Sci-fi as reality? You say you’re a skeptic, but if Stanley could sway you…”
I shake my head and curl one leg under me. “And humiliate a total stranger? I'm telling you, Palmer, I'm just scratching the surface here, but half of what I read I don't understand.  I even went on the Internet to look a few things up but I didn't understand what I was reading there either.  Whoever wrote these papers'd have to have been a genius, quite literally a virtual rocket scientist.  I didn't even know they knew about sunspots and solar radiation in the forties. And Stanley? I don’t mean to be rude, but Stanley doesn’t strike me as the rocket scientist type."  
Palmer takes a breath and then he says, "So, coming to bed soon?"  
"Yeah," I say. Insulted at what he implies, that I could be that easily duped, that I could be that gullible. I begin to rifle through the papers once more. "Soon."
"Look, Moll, you said there were at least a hundred pages there, right?  And since you couldn't possibly read them all in the next hour or so, what's say you come to bed and save the rest for morning?"
He’s right. I can’t possibly finish the job before sunup, and I do have classes tomorrow. Standing, I start gathering the papers into a neat pile.  I slip the papers back into the plastic freezer bag Stanley gave me and place them in the top desk drawer. I manage to make it half way across the room before realization strikes. "I wonder if I did an Internet search for Spencer Prescott?  I've been so busy looking up theory, I can't believe I didn't think of this before, I—" I take a step back toward my desk.
"Come on, Moll."   He says. He lunges for me. Catches me by the elbow.  "I promise the Internet isn't going anywhere.  It'll still be there in the morning."
I smile and allow him to lead me out of the room, but I can’t sleep. Stanley, Prescott and the papers burning a hole in my desk drawer, call me every moment we’re apart. 
Sightings
Transcript of news report, 6:00 p.m., CityPulse News 

Close up of picture of four year old south Asian girl.  Brown eyes, skin the color of honeyed-mocha, black-blue, shoulder length hair tied back in two ponytails.  She is smiling.

ANCHOR
Still no leads in the Cecelia Mubari case, now three years after her abduction.  Today, on the eve of her seventh birthday, police are releasing a composite sketch of what she might look like.

Split-screen.  On the left is the photo of four year old Cecelia, on the right, a computer generated composite.

ANCHOR
Police urge the community to be on the look out for Cecelia, now seven, dark brown hair, brown eyes, last seen wearing a pale blue gingham dress.  Anyone with information as to her whereabouts should call 222-TIPS.  Calls are anonymous and any tips leading to her recovery will be rewarded.

Cut to close up of anchor.  

ANCHOR
Now we go south of the border where tourists in Chicago have captured something unexpected on their home movies.  

Cut to female reporter, shoulder-length brown hair wearing tan overcoat and bright pink scarf.  Her overcoat is cinched tightly around her thin frame.  Both her hair and tail end of her bright pink scarf are fluttering in the breeze.  She periodically breaks her stoic facade to brush her hair out of her face or to tuck a few strands behind her left ear.

REPORTER
Simon Aldershot of Scotland got more than he bargained for while shooting family footage to send home yesterday afternoon.  It was here, in this park, while shooting the Aldershot family reunion, he captured something to write home about.

Cut to reporter standing next to man dressed in light blue dress-shirt and tan pants.  Man is in his mid-to-late fifties, balding.  His comb-over fluffs out in the wind. After smoothing his hair down twice, he produces a baseball cap from beneath the screen boundary and puts it on his head.  He speaks with a thick, Scottish brogue which is subtitled.

ALDERSHOT
We were filming the children flying kites, so my camera was pointed skyward.

He points to the middle of the television screen.

It appeared over there, over the tree tops.  It was black.  Huge.  Shaped like a pie wedge.  It was suddenly just there.  It criss-crossed over the trees a few times and then disappeared.

Cut to loop of fuzzy film footage depicting a black, wedge-shaped object at dusk.  The object flits across the screen, shifting directions mid-flight. After traversing the screen three times, the object darts up and disappears from view.

REPORTER
Voice-over
There is no word yet as to the nature of the craft.  The U.S. government is investigating the sighting as well as the footage, although they have confirmed it is not a weather balloon and there were no test-flights scheduled at that time.  April Sondheim, Channel Ten News, Chicago. 

Cut to close up of anchor.   She is smiling.

ANCHOR
In other news...

Prescott Checks Out	
If there is one thing Xander Morales is, it's predictable. At least, that’s what Palmer tells me.  Every morning from 7:30 to 8:15, he sits at the same table in the cafeteria sipping a latte, eating a blueberry muffin, and reading the morning paper.  Xander Morales is so reliable in fact, his students learn to set their watches by him. Upon arriving at the cafeteria they look for Dr. Morales.  If he's sitting at his table, they know they have enough time to finish their transactions before they need to head off to class.  If anyone but Dr. Morales is sitting at Dr. Morales's table, the students take it as a sign they're late and have to skip their morning caffeine fix and high-tail it off to class.  Xander Morales is so predictable, there's been talk of memorializing his favourite breakfast table with a plaque.
Dr. Morales, Palmer and I sip lattes and pick at matching blueberry muffins.  Dr. Morales's ritual is one generally carried out in solitude, but we had caught the man with a full mouth and sat down before he could protest.  Currently, we sit in silence as Dr. Morales appears to contemplate the pool of latte on the lid of his coffee cup, while I contemplate how I might begin the conversation. And though Palmer sits next to me, we agreed I must be the one to engage Dr. Morales in discussion—Palmer’s here for moral support. This is my show.
Palmer places his hand on my knee and squeezes. I suppose that’s my cue. "Dr. Morales?" I say.  I feel like we’re intruders.  Like we’ve broken a sacred trust, even if it is between a man and his breakfast. My better judgment says we should get up, walk away, and give the man his space.  But I need to pick Dr. Morales's brain.  He's one of the leading scientists in the field of Quantum Science in Canada, if not the world.  He's the only man with feet large enough to fill Prescott's shoes.  If anyone could give me a sense of the validity of Stanley's collection—or "The Prescott Papers", as we’ve begun to call them—it's him.  "You teach Physics, right?  Quantum Physics?"
Dr. Morales smiles a rather humourless smile.  There is an unspoken hierarchy in the world of academia, a prioritization of study, if you will. In the University’s Department of Archaeology for example, the prehistoric archaeologists pooh-pooh the work of the historic ones. In the grand scheme of things, departments such as Mathematics, Engineering, and Pure Science tip their noses at the lesser disciplines of English, History and the Social Sciences. As a result, Dr. Morales suffers our questions as an impatient adult might suffer a child, curious about the mundane machinations of the world around him. "Quantum Mechanics, yes."
"And this is the study of alternate worlds?  Alternate realities?" I hesitate before I ask, "Time travel?" 
"Guilty as charged." Dr. Morales sips cautiously from his latte cup.  A light dusting of foam clings to the bristle of his moustache.  He gropes for a napkin and wipes it clean.
"Tell me:  exactly how does that work?"
"Why the sudden interest in Physics?" he asks.  "Thinking of switching departments now, are we?  Sorry, guys, but there are no vacancies."
"No, no,” Palmer says, shaking his head, "it's not that."  He takes a quick sip of his latte and jumps as if he’s just singed the taste buds off the surface of his tongue. "It’s for this course Molly’s teaching. On Pseudo-archaeology? She has a few questions for you."
Dr. Morales smiles plainly. "Pseudo-archaeology?" he asks, doe-brown eyes narrowing in suspicion.  I'm pretty sure he thinks we’re having one over on him.
"That’s right," Palmer answers. "It's searching for plausible-sounding explanations for weird stuff using selective archaeological evidence.  You know, like attempting to prove aliens had something to do with the alignment of the pyramids?” I fight back a cringe at Palmer’s definition of the discipline. I suppose, however, that to an outsider, someone who has not developed an interest in the field, it is a fair assessment.
Dr. Morales’s eyes narrow even further. 
“Anyway,” I say, “I have a few questions, if you don’t mind my asking.”
 Dr. Morales contemplates this for a few seconds, but before he can say anything, I thank him for his time and ask, "Is it possible to use solar radiation to create a kind of...warp bubble...around a person which would allow them to...slip...into another world?"   
"Seriously?" Dr. Morales asks with a smile.  
"Seriously, Xander,” Palmer says. “We wouldn't take up your time if these questions weren't for real."
"Okay then."  He takes a long sip of his latte and then says, "Scientists theorize there are—in theory—many different worlds out there.  Could a person create a sort of...personal wormhole, a warp bubble, so to speak, and use it to travel from one world to another?  In theory? Yes."
"In theory," I repeat.  I can hardly believe my ears. Could the papers be for real?
"Yes. In theory.  In theory dinosaurs roamed the Earth and were wiped out by a catastrophic meteor shower.  In theory we are descended from apes.  In theory—" 
"From a common ancestor between apes and humans," Palmer corrects.  Dr. Morales looks at him like he’s from outer space or something.  "Not the same thing."
"Look,” says Dr. Morales, “you might just as well have asked me if time travel were a reality."
"Do you know a Spencer Prescott?" I ask him.
"I know of him, yes."
"Then he's a real person?  Taught here? At the university?"
"I chose to do my graduate work here because of Dr. Prescott.  Greatest mind in the world of Physics—barring Hawking, of course.  Son of a bitch retired the year before I got here.  By then it was too late to enroll elsewhere.  Been here ever since."
"Prescott theorized this sort of travel would be possible, didn't he?"
Dr. Morales grins. I've surprised him, I can tell.  "You have been doing your homework, haven't you?  Yes, that was the gist of Prescott's theories."  
"In fact, Prescott claimed to have had a device he called a modulator which allowed him to visit such a world using the warp bubble technology, didn't he?"
Dr. Morales shrugs and slouches into his seat. "Spencer Prescott was an old man when he retired."
"But you said he had a great mind.  Comparable to Hawking.  Isn't that true?"
Dr. Morales squirms and considers me with distrust, but then he takes another sip of his latte and smiles.  "Age tends to do things to the mind. Yes, Dr. Prescott was a great mind—a Nobel Prize winner twice over, no less—but he was close to eighty when he retired.  Abandoned real Physics for Pseudo-science in the end.  The two of you would have had a lot to talk about."
"What would the people look like on one of these worlds?"
"Come again?" Dr. Morales chuckles, as though he cannot believe the topic of our conversation.  Honestly?  Neither can I. Frankly, I'm surprised he's tolerated us for so long.
"Would they exhibit parallel evolution, or would it be divergent, taking on a totally different path?"  I can't believe I'm asking this, but imagine a world populated exclusively by Neanderthals?  Or a real-life planet of the apes?  Or a super-evolved hominid, one so much further beyond modern man in thought capability and physical prowess, even someone like a Prescott would be considered an idiot on the I.Q. scale?
"That would depend on when the parallel world came into being."
"And the laws of Physics on such a world? Would they be governed by the same physical laws as Earth?"
Morales shrugs.  "As their world would have split off of ours, or at the very least from the same world as ours once split from, I suppose so, yes."
"So in theory,” Palmer says, “Prescott could have been right:  it may be possible to enclose yourself in a warp-type bubble and use it to travel to another world."  He looks across the table at Morales who stares back with profound curiosity.  "In theory," he adds. 
Once more Morales smiles.  It is a thin, tight-lipped smile he assumes only as long as he needs to contemplate his answer.  "In theory, anything's possible," he says.
Tobin's Story
Tobin Watertester was a Shift Seeker. He belonged to a self-described secret society of adventure seekers, dedicated to finding and exploiting the next random shift in the planet's phase. The group was an interdisciplinary one, composed of people from across the mass, each bringing with him or her a unique, indispensable skill.  The group met once a month to discuss strategy. Messages as to where and when a meeting might occur were transmitted via secure Geo-link site, containing time and global positioning satellite co-ordinates.  It was imperative the identity of each and every Shift Seeker, as well as the locale of each and every meeting, remain secretive.  What they were doing, though seemingly benign, could be construed as an attempt to undermine the integrity of The Pact, and was therefore illegal.
Tobin searched the street addresses for the one on the scrap of papyrus in his hand. He had never before been to this part of the Prefecture. Seeing as the meeting location roamed, he might never have occasion to frequent this part of the Prefecture again. 
At last he found the building, a drab, grey, brick structure, one and one-half stories tall. It cast a gloomy air, dark and hollow, as if abandoned many years ago. Reluctantly, Tobin knocked on the wooden door. Forest green paint chips fell from the door and floated silently to the ground between his feet. He awaited a response, growing more and more nervous with each second. His presence in this part of the Prefecture was highly unusual.  
By day, Tobin Watertester traveled the confines of Golan Prefecture Major, testing major and minor bodies of water and freshwater holding tanks to ensure alkaline and saline acceptability.  By night, once monthly, Tobin met clandestinely with other Shift Seekers, to examine minute fluctuations in air channels, temperature, or barometric pressure, anything to indicate the whereabouts of the next likely random phase shift upon which to capitalize.
At first, the group played it safe, tentatively seeking random pockets through which members traveled, always in triads, regaling the rest of the group with the strange sights they had seen. They had even created a log site on The Link, accessible only through hidden memory address, in which fellow seekers might share their exploits on the foreign planet.
To date, Molton Masterchef held the record in his cohort for the most extreme shift. Tobin hoped to best his record with the information he would receive at that night's meeting. If, that is, anyone cared to let him into the building.
He knocked again, in the prescribed fashion, and awaited a response. Presently, he heard footsteps and then the latch on the other side was thrown and the door squeaked open. A rush of stale air preceded Molton Masterchef. "You were able to attend."
"For a moment I believed you weren't opening the door in an attempt to bar me from besting your record," Tobin told him.
Molton clapped Tobin on the shoulder. "Nice to see you again, old friend."
The men smiled at each other. Molton bolted the door behind them and lead Tobin to the meeting room, located in the cellar of the building. On their way, a resident or two gawped at their passing. "Don't mind them," Molton told him, "they will not remember you were here come morning." 
"What is this place?" Tobin said.
"Various things to various people." They arrived at a darkened stairwell. "Our business is down here." Molton lead him down the steps to where a corner of the cellar had been cordoned off with soundproof barriers stretching from floor to ceiling.
Gathered around a table sat Sobal Meteorologist, Morsinth Engineer, Borsnook Engineerson, Samkin Tailor, Nynat Marinebiologist, and Sandeep Cooksmate, the members of Tobin's team, each of them Seekers in their own right, who regularly gathered to discuss the seemingly insignificant peculiarities in weather conditions which, when properly analyzed, wove a detailed tapestry depicting a single event: the most likely location of the next random shift in a small pocket of the planet's phase resonance. They greeted Tobin as he pulled a chair to the table. Each member of the team readied his or her respective Gaia-link handset to report on their activity over the past month. Sobal Meteorologist was the first to speak: "I have run the data several times and it is confirmed. In exactly," he paused to examine the countdown displayed on his Gaia-link handset, "one hundred twenty hours, sixteen minutes from this moment hence, a random shift in the planet's phase is likely to occur approximately three hundred units above the planet's surface, ten and one-half units southwest of Western Sanctorum." He rested his handset on the table before him. "The most likely way to successfully access the pocket, short of a free-fall from above (which is highly unlikely, seeing as there are no buildings taller than Western Sanctorum in the immediate vicinity thereof) is to use a craft with the modifications we discussed during our last meeting."
"Were you able to make the necessary modifications to the craft since last we met, Morsinth?" Tobin asked.
"Thanks in no small part to my offspring, Borsnook, yes," the man answered. "Tell him of our accomplishment, my son."
"My father and I were able to fortify the hull integrity and boost the propulsion system to withstand altitudes exceeding that of the norm," Borsnook Engineerson replied. "The hover mechanism was over-clocked in order to optimize maximum attainable and sustainable altitude. In addition, the vehicle was equipped with phase detection technologies which provide constant global positioning feed in order to quickly and efficiently detect and surmount the transition between this world and the next.
"I envy you, Tobin. I wish I were able to go along."
"Your time will come, my son," Morsinth told him. "Your time will come."  
"Thank you, Borsnook," said Tobin.
"My father was able to install a water-cooling system for the hover mechanism. It was one of his own devise," Borsnook said, proudly.
"Thank you Morsinth," Tobin said.
"I have retrofitted the satellite locator with a receiver through which we may monitor atmospheric tendencies in the moments before, during, and after the shift," Sobal Meteorologist told the group. 
"Well done, Sobol," Tobin said. "Samkin? How did you fare?"
"I have fashioned three containment suits to the travelers' measurements. Each suit is able to withstand elevated radiation levels to Borsnook's parameters."
"Well done, Samkin," said Tobin.
"Here, here," Borsnook echoed. "Nynat?"
"I took the suits of Samkin's design and outfitted each with a breathing apparatus."
"My lungs thank you, Nynat. 
"And lastly, Sandeep."
"I have prepared an array of simple, yet tantalizing meals to nourish you on your journey. Each is packaged so as to remain hot or cold, whichever need be, for the duration." The man wrung his hands together in eager anticipation. "I promise you will not be disappointed."
"My taste buds and my expanding waistline also thank you, Sandeep." All in attendance laughed at this last remark.
They had exactly one week.

The craft was ready a full twenty-three hours ahead of pocket formation.
Two hours prior to pocket formation, Tobin Watertester, Luna Groomersmate, and Sobal Meteorologist boarded the craft and approached the phase shift site. 
The hovercraft paced the area until Sobal detected a change in the atmospheric pressure. 
Luna was the first to observe the formation of the funnel cloud. She tapped Sobal on the shoulder who in turn touched Tobin on his. "Ready?" he asked, probably more to himself than anyone in the craft.  "Here we go," he said, before anyone could reply.
	The shift was almost instantaneous.  Tobin ushered the craft through the centre of the funnel.  It was rough going at first.  The tiny, four-seater craft shook, threatened to come apart for a harrowing fraction of a second, and then was calm.  
The breeze rapidly slowed to insignificance.
Sobal's display went dark.
Luna gasped. They were heading for a tall, grey structure that stretched to the skies.  It narrowed as it grew toward the clouds and thickened as it sank toward the ground.  Glass-enclosed tunnels spanned the structure from top to bottom.  Lighted shuttle cars defied gravity as they sped either up or down through the tunnels.
"Tobin..." Sobal warned.
Tobin maneuvered the craft skyward, following the contour of the building.
"Pull out!" Luna cried when she saw the large, saucer-shaped midsection of the building loom large (and growing larger) above their heads.  
Tobin wasted no time throttling out as he directed the craft away from the structure.
When he was sure he had cleared the midsection, Tobin set the craft to hover at an altitude roughly even with the rounded overhang of the structure.  It was then they noticed the windows stretching around the saucer's circumference, and the people staring at them from within. 

Fourteen pictures were taken with digital cameras of the UFO from behind the glass of the CN Tower’s observation deck that day.
Because the photographs were digital in nature, their authenticity came into question.  Photographic analysts would study the pictures for years to come, each one of their analyses falling short of authentication.
The American tabloids offered a small king's ransom for first publication rights of The Canadian UFO Images, as they came to be known. Ten years thence, the same images would be used to substantiate claims of alien and UFO sightings across the globe on a pseudo-scientific documentary series called "Irrefutable Evidence".
Tourists on the observation deck would recount their experience to reporters on the six o'clock news that evening.  Their stories would be consistent: an unidentified flying object about the size of a compact car, black and wedge-shaped, suddenly appeared off the north wall of the CN Tower from beneath the observation deck.  It hovered in place, level with the observation deck for a moment, before disappearing from view. They would report seeing three figures wearing silver space suits within.
Three people would come forward with video footage of the observation deck of the CN Tower at the time of the sighting.  They would report that a small object seemed to appear in the sky, midway between the observation deck and the ground, on a collision course with the building.  At the last moment, the craft pulled up and began its ascent, almost colliding with the underside of the observation deck. It pulled out and continued its ascent, stopping when it was level with the observation deck, at which point it hovered momentarily, and then began a rapid descent until it disappeared at the very same point from which it first appeared. The video footage would serve to authenticate the eye-witness reports. 
	

Molly Figures It Out
"So I've been thinking," I say to Palmer.  We're nearing the end of our nightly ritual.  Said ritual begins after our classes and daily paperwork is done.  One of us finds the other and asks that dreaded question we've both come to loathe:  'What's for dinner?'  This is followed by a negotiation in which we decide the specifics of the menu.  Agreeing on what to make is harder than it seems. Palmer's a die-hard meat and potatoes man, while I prefer somewhat less starchy alternatives.  The rules of negotiation are precise and must conclude with a protein and no less than two sides.  After a trip to the local grocery, we retire to our kitchen.  Palmer's in charge of the protein, while I take care of the sides.  The meal is followed by the washing of the daily dishes.  Under ordinary conditions, I'd be complaining about the drudgery of dish washing pausing only to fantasize about the next house we'll own.  I'd pass the time musing over a larger kitchen, one with ceramic tiles, built-in dishwasher, and flat-top stove.  I can usually suck Palmer in to the fantasy if I include a second bathroom and spacious third bedroom which we'll turn into a permanent study.  When he's had a good day, I up the ante and turn the second bedroom into a canary yellow nursery.  But not tonight.  Tonight I have something else in mind.
"So I've been thinking," I say.  I hand Palmer a dripping salad bowl.  It's a huge, wooden behemoth we got as a wedding gift from which you could feed the world and then some.  It's too large for just the two of us, but we'd rather put it to good use than see it gathering dust in the cupboard. 
"We're in trouble now," he says, smirking, trying to be cute.  Okay, so it's working.  I smile back.
"I spent most of today reading Prescott's stuff and...well...what if what he says is true?"
Palmer puts the dried salad bowl on the dinner table and I hand him a wet pan. "I seriously doubt that, Moll," he tells me, indulgent.
"Hear me out, okay?"
"Okay," he says, tentative.
"Prescott's a normal guy, just like you or me.  He gives lectures, he co-authors text books, he's liked by both faculty and students, but then something happens, some…epiphany—he misses lessons, appears distracted—"
"It's called senility."  He puts down the pan and I hand him a large pot.
"Ha ha," I say in monotone.  "Really—I'm serious.  
“So he has this epiphany, right?  And then things change.  He's distracted, misses classes, doesn't find teaching fulfilling anymore.  He spends his time writing copious notes on this life-altering experience.  Even his technical writing changes—"
"You read his technical writing?"  He stops drying and looks at me, like I'm Algernon or something.
"I read the preface to a text he co-authored."  Palmer nods and resumes drying.  "In his writing are all sorts of thinly cloaked references to his alternative world—remember? He called it 'Gaia'?"
"Molly," Palmer says, as he puts down the pot, "in all likelihood, Prescott probably just made up Gaia.  That guy from the token, too, what was his name?"
"Reyes Prefect."
"Prefect. Right. Look, lots of people fictionalize their life's work and publish it.  Maybe Prescott was some kind of...frustrated sci-fi writer, and the notes you have represent a...a fictionalization of his theories," he says, assuming the role of devil's advocate.
I shake my head.  "He hid his writing under the floor—"
"So he was paranoid."  
I turn off the water, pull the dish towel from his hands and use it to dry my own.  "What you're saying makes no sense, Palmer.  Prescott was a published author.  If he wanted to publish something, he would have had the connections to do so."
"He published non-fiction, Moll.  Scientific works?  That's a far cry from—"
"Prescott could have published an account of his experience as non-fiction.  He had the evidence:  the silvered case with the map, the device—that thing that looks like a garage door remote. What did he call it? The modulator. He could have called the government and convinced them to reverse engineer the modulator if he wanted.  But he didn't."  I try to put the salad bowl in an overhead cupboard but it's too big and the shelf is too high. Palmer takes it from me before I can lose my balance and slides it into the cupboard with ease.  The pots go under the counter. I'm short—I can handle those without help.  "It's almost like he was protecting Gaia."
"Protecting Gaia?  From what?"
"From us.  From...capitalism.  Gaia was like a…tabula rasa. Imagine the possibilities there—an entire world untouched by commercialism, full of untapped natural resources. Maybe Prescott wanted to keep Gaia from becoming Earth Two."  Palmer leans against the kitchen counter.  A dish rag is slung over one shoulder.  He appears to be contemplating my last comment.  
"Still skeptical, huh?" I ask.  "You were there when I spoke to Dr. Morales.  Didn't he say that theoretically Prescott's story could be true?"
He shakes his head.  "His exact words were, 'In theory, anything is possible'."  He shifts his weight against the counter, propping his upper body up with his arm.  "Not exactly the same thing." That's Palmer for you—ever playing Scully to my Mulder.  
"If I could just figure out a way to energize the modulator..."
"Prescott said it worked on solar energy, didn't he?  Why don't you just leave the thing in the backyard for a few days?"
I throw a damp tea towel at him. It hits him in the neck and chest with a muffled thwack. "Palmer!  I'm serious."  
"So am I," he says, smiling.  "We must have a few solar calculators in the house.  Maybe if we cannibalized the batteries we could figure out a way to charge it."
I feel like he’s having one over on me. "It's not the same and you know it."
The phone begins to ring.
"I've got it," Palmer says.  "Saved by the bell," he mutters on his way down the hall to the office.
"I heard that," I call after him. I begin to wipe down the counter and table top while Palmer takes the call.  
"That was Suzanne Pascoe," he says after he hangs up.  I'm wiping the stovetop at the time.  "You remember Suzanne?"  I toss him the wet rag and ask him to finish it off.  
"How could I forget Suzanne Pascoe?"  Never in a million years could I forget Suzanne Pascoe.
"The Museum inherited a mummy from a private collection a few months back.  They've been waiting for time for X-rays and cat-scans.  Suzanne just found out they've got an appointment for two-thirty tonight.  She asked me a while ago to be on the team."  
Uh-huh, I say with a nod of my head.  
"I don't know when I'll be home.  If you wake up and I'm not here I'll see you at school later."
I nod again, like I'm okay with the fact he's going to spend the night with his ex.  
"Guess I'll try to get some sleep before the big event, huh?"  He heads down the hall that leads to the master bedroom.
Suddenly I'm struck by an idea.  "Palmer, wait," I yell.  He stops mid-step and turns.  "Prescott.  He didn't say the modulator ran on solar power.  What he said was that it ran on solar radiation."
"I don't follow you."
"X-rays and cat-scans use radiation, right?"
"Yeah," he says slowly, as if he's unsure as to where I'm going with this.
"Couldn't we somehow use the X-rays and cat-scans to irradiate it?"
Palmer shrugs.  "It's worth a try, I guess."  We look at each other in silence for a moment.  Palmer nods.  "Okay.  Give me the modulator and I'll see what I can do."
"No way," I say with a quick shake of my head.  "If you're going to try this, I want to be there.  I'm going with you."

Mer-et-sa-ankh
I maintain a death grip on Palmer's hand with one hand and on his elbow with the other as I let him lead me down the faded peach hospital corridor.  I feel like a loser who's crashed the cool kids' party and Palmer's the only one that's glad I came.  My hold on him tightens when I see Suzanne Pascoe standing at the end of the corridor.  He must sense my discomfort because he rests one of his hands on the one I have on his elbow.  A lump rises in my throat that refuses to be swallowed, no matter how hard I try. Though I know it’s irrational, I can't prevent my anxiety levels from rising.  Before we left the house I had a bowl of cereal and some yogurt, both of which are now churning in my stomach, threatening to come up.  
When Suzanne sees us she pastes a large, toothy smile on her face, straightens her posture and starts toward us.  "Hello, Paulie," she says when she's close enough to touch. Again with the 'Paulie'.  I hate that name.  It belongs to a part of my husband's life that I cannot share.  Come to think of it, if Suzanne's a part of that life, maybe that's not such a bad thing.  "It's about time you got here."  She glances at me furtively and then says to my husband in a hungry, yet flirty lilt, "You're looking good."  She holds her hand out as if to indicate she wants a shake. Palmer lets go of me and manages to work free of my grasp to comply.  He takes a single step toward her. They shake hands. Afterward, Suzanne shrugs her shoulders and lunges herself at him for a hug. The motion stirs up a breeze that sends a whiff of her perfume in my direction.  It's powdery and distantly floral, reminiscent of the scent my mother-in-law wears.  How Freudian.  At some point in the embrace, Suzanne must've kissed Palmer on the cheek.  She stands beside my husband, pinching a muted mulberry stain from his face.  
I catch myself taking a nip out of my inner cheek, a habit I thought I'd licked.
"Don't I know you?" Suzanne asks coyly.
Bitch.  The thought is followed by a good self-scolding for allowing her to get my goat this way.  Suzanne's like someone who's locked herself away in a bomb shelter at the first nuclear threat only to emerge believing we're at war, and anyone who tells her otherwise is an agent of the enemy.  She persists in staging battle after passive-aggressive battle, oblivious she's lost the war as far as Palmer's concerned.
 "I was at the Museum last week?" I remind her.  "You remember the Artifact Night?"
"Oh?" She tucks her hair behind her ears. "Did I analyze an artifact for you?"
Take a deep breath, I tell myself.
"Molly stood in for me on the panel," Palmer tells her.
Her head bobbles up and down and she speaks. "Oh right," she says. "Tell me:  did you ever find that marker you were looking for?"
Bitch!  I think again. I can't help myself.  In that very moment I am certain Suzanne had been responsible for the "error" on my name placard.  I want to rip her eyelashes out with a set of rusty pliers, one by one, slowly savoring each and every yank.  Instead, I smile and say, "No, I never did."
"Oh, well.  C'est la vie."  She laughs.  It sounds purposeful, deeply intoned and fake.  	
I parrot the grin which has formed on her face, hoping it looks as false as it feels.  
"Paulie, come," Suzanne demands.  She has Palmer by the wrist, attempting to lead him down the corridor.
"Moll?" Palmer asks, extending his free hand to me.  Trouble is, with Suzanne leading him forward like that, his hand gets harder and harder for me to take, both physically and philosophically. 
"I have to make a quick stop first," I call.  All of a sudden, I have to go to the bathroom.  I think I must've consumed an entire bottle of water in the car on the way down here.
"I'll wait," Palmer offers.  Bless him.  He tugs his hand in an unsuccessful effort to free it from Suzanne's grip.
In spite of myself I say, "No, its okay.  I'll catch up."  I regret the statement the instant it leaves my mouth.  It hangs in the air, taunting me, echoing in my brain for the better part of a minute after I say it, though I know it'll be okay.  I know Palmer.  I trust him.    
Palmer glances once, nervously, in my direction before Suzanne leads him down the hall, a look which begs for me to save him and though I desperately want to be the one who rescues him, I make no attempt to do so.  I curse my bladder—I really have to go.  I would never in a million years allow them out of my sight at all had it not been for the close to agonizing pressure building in my abdomen.  
 I watch as Palmer glances back at me one more time, watch as my husband is led off by his ex.  'Paulie'? What is this 'Paulie' shit? Who in God's name calls him that?  
Suzanne does, I remind myself.  And Serge did too, both bygones from another era, from a time before I was part of Palmer's life.  Paulie's life, I think, trying it on for size. It leaves a bad taste in my psyche.   
A few moments later I find myself standing in front of the mirror in the washroom, splashing cool water on my face, remembering Suzanne's tone when she asked, "Don't I know you?"  She hasn't forgotten who I am and I know this for a fact—I've heard from a variety of sources she tells everyone who cares to listen that Palmer's the one who got away and I'm the hussy-home wrecker who caused the break-up.
The newsprint which stands in for paper towel scratches my face.  I take one last look at myself in the mirror.  The fluorescents in the room are harsh and unforgiving.  Did they use the same type of lighting in the corridor? This light emphasizes the grey in my hair and turns my skin ashen.  Is this how Palmer sees me? I take a deep breath and wonder how I could have ever competed with that mousy Mensa member down the hall.  
The voices of Suzanne and her team reverberate in the empty corridor.  I hear them the moment I open the rest room door.  They speak of the history of the mummy, excited at the virtual autopsy they are about to perform—we are about to perform. I have to admit, I feel kind of giddy at the prospect.  After all, how often is one given the chance to unwrap a mummy, virtual or otherwise?  I continue down the corridor, stop this side of the bend, and listen to their conversation.
The mummy—Mer-et-sa-ankh is her name, a literal translation of the phrase 'She Loves Life'—was granted to the Museum by life-long member and benefactor Sandor Sheikh. A widower with no children, Mr. Sheikh left huge sums of money to a number of children’s charities around the globe.  His personal art and artifact collections, said to be worth billions, were split between The Art Gallery of Ontario and The Royal Ontario Museum.  Fancying himself an armchair Egyptologist, Mr. Sheikh had in his collection over one-hundred authentic Egyptian, Nubian, and Greco-Roman artifacts, most of which currently sit in crates in various curatorial departments throughout the museum.  The one exception to this is Mer-et-sa-ankh.  Mary (for this was the name under which she had been christened by the curatorial staff) was currently making the one-and-one-quarter kilometre trek around Queen’s Park and down University Avenue to Toronto’s Mount Sinai Hospital in an ambulance hired specifically for the occasion.
While Mary was not precisely descended from royalty, she did have royalty in her blood—before it was siphoned off to preserve her body from rotting so it could be reclaimed in the afterlife.  It seems her mother’s second husband was fourth in line for ascension to the pharonic throne, sometime during the Fourth Dynasty, which makes her roughly forty-five hundred years old, give or take a few.
Suzanne's voice commandeers the conversation as she begins an exposition of the intricate, gilded markings on Mary’s cartonnage wrapping detailing lists of her genetic lineage as well as deities the said lineage revered, and to which said lineage owed thanks. I try to follow Suzanne’s story, try to get lost in the wonder of the incredible history of the mummy of which I am about to assist in the virtual unwrapping, the likes of which I may never again be party to in my career, but the tone and pitch of Suzanne’s voice at this very moment is akin to the nonsensical yapping of a nervous French poodle.
What's even more distracting is the proximity of Suzanne’s leg to Palmer’s as they sit, side-by-side, on a bright orange naugahyde love seat, the only chair large enough to seat two in the room.  As I watch them, my cheeks grow hot.  The way I see it, I can react in one of two ways—I can storm into the room, temper flaring, or I can enter the room acting calm, nonchalant, indifferent.  
Suzanne laughs and tosses her soft, curly mane up and back.  It brushes Palmer's face.  He flicks it away as he might a fly.  And then the final step, the metaphoric slap in the face--Suzanne puts a hand on Palmer’s knee and squeezes.  
Palmer starts noticeably, but relaxes when she withdraws her hand. 
At that exact moment, a young man dressed in pale blue scrubs says to me, "Are you one of the mummy people?"
I glance at him over my shoulder.  The guy looks to be fresh out of high school, though if he's working here as a technician, he has to be quite a few years older than that.  I nod, momentarily distracted from the harlot with my husband.
"Won’t be long now.  I hear they just pulled in to emerg."
I don't know how I do it, but I manage to smile.  "I’ll let the others know.  Thanks."  I resume my pose, leaning against the wall, unsure as to how to progress. I hear myself sigh. I'm surprised at how lonely it sounds.  
"They make a cute couple, don’t they?" he asks.  He startles me. I thought he had left to meet Mary at the elevator.
"They would except for one thing," I say. "He’s my husband." I'm not clear on just who I'm trying to hurt with that statement, me or the technician, but I've finally had enough of the show. I make my way into the waiting room trying desperately not to look back though I'm dying to see the look on the technician's face.
Palmer stands the second he sees me to offer up his seat.  I shake my head almost imperceptibly.  One of the men sitting in a bridge chair opposite the love seat stands.  He has a baby face with a crooked nose and blond hair and introduces himself as Paul Ungermeyer.  He pushes his glasses up onto the bridge of his nose before offering me his hand.  The second man takes this as his cue to stand. He introduces himself as Zane Stowe.  Zane has a mop of bright orange hair only a few shades darker than the love seat.  His face is hidden under a mask of freckles.  Zane and Paul settle back into their respective bridge chairs.
"The technician says it should only be a few minutes more," I tell the men in the bridge chairs.  "They’ve just dropped the mummy off downstairs."  I manage a smile and then say, "Could I speak to you for a moment?" to Palmer.
"Sure, Moll," he says.
"Alone," I say, smiling an apology to the men. 
Palmer glances nervously at Suzanne who stands and smoothes her pants leg around the curve of her buttocks.  "Just as well," she says, "I have to visit the ladies’ room anyway."
"Down the hall and to your right," I offer.  She glares at me and smiles.
I turn to Palmer and smile what feels like a fake smile.  "Please?" 
"Sure, Moll," he says.  Is that a hint of amusement I detect in his voice?
I follow Palmer around the corner, just past where I was spying on him and Suzanne.  My hands rest in the back pockets of my jeans.  I take a deep breath and try to maintain a Vulcan-like temperament.  "What do you think you’re doing?" I blurt. Turns out I'd make a crappy Vulcan.
He looks puzzled.  He opens his mouth as if to say something, but presses his lips together instead.  He takes a beat and then his eyes narrow and he says, "What do you think I’m doing?"
I want to counter with "You know what you're doing," but cut to the chase instead.  "You’re flirting with Suzanne."
"I am not flirting with Suzanne." 
"You let her kiss you—"
"Come on, Moll," he says.
"If she were sitting any closer to you she'd be sitting in your lap—"
"The seat is narrow."
"Come on, Palmer! Even the technician noticed how cute a couple you made."
He says my name, once firmly, like he's fed up with me, and then again, this time in a voice which is much softer.  I want him to take me in his arms and tell me he loves me.  I look at my feet.  If I make eye contact with him, I'm afraid I'll burst into tears.
"Your nose is out of joint because a technician thought Suzanne and I were a couple.  Is that what this is all about?"
No that's not what it's about. The way he says it makes what I feel seem so petty.  
"Molly, I love you," he says, voice like sweet mocha.  I chance a quick glance at his face, but then I'm distracted by a figure coming toward us down the corridor.  
"Hey," he says. He cups my chin in his hand and gently turns my face toward his.  "I...love...you.  I married you."  I try to turn my face toward the figure down the hall but he gently angles it back.  "Hey," he whispers softly in my ear, "I chose you."
I feel silly, but manage to smile in spite of myself.  
The footsteps coming down the corridor are louder now, the urgent click-clack of someone wearing heels.  
"Forget about Suzanne, okay?" Palmer says.  He tilts my head up and kisses me lightly on the lips.  I can't find it in me to enjoy the moment.  It's like there's no passion in the kiss.  It feels more like a calculated battle tactic, Palmer's show of allegiance by letting me mark my territory.  That and I feel like we're being watched.  I turn my head and there's Suzanne.  Coming toward us.  Just as I thought.  "Here's your girlfriend now," I tell him, being sarcastic.  He doesn't get the humour.  Palmer’s face adopts a pained look and I want to take those stupid words back. 
Suzanne stops just short of where we're standing.  From her vantage point she can address Palmer and me, as well as the men still in the waiting room.  "Gentlemen," she says, as if she's about to announce she's discovered the cure for cancer. "I have just been informed Mary is in X-ray waiting for us.  Come.  Let me introduce you to her, this is her party, after all, eh?"   Her eyes flit to Palmer.  His arm is resting on my shoulder; my arm is resting on his hip. Suzanne frowns. She wheels herself around and disappears into a room just down the corridor without another word.  The members of the team, Palmer and I included, follow.

The X-ray room is much darker and much smaller than the corridor, typical of every other X-ray room I've ever seen.  A single technician, the guy who asked me if I was one of the mummy people, stands in a small, glassed-in cubby.  The room is crowded with the six of us in a space designed for two, the air, still and entirely too quiet.  It's as though none of us dare to breathe, lest the cartonnage mirage before us that is Mary vanish.  
I take a single step closer and walk face first into a pair of white archivist's gloves suspended in midair.  I follow the arm attached to the neatly French manicured fingers holding the gloves, to find it belongs to Suzanne.  I snatch the gloves from her.
"Gloves, everyone, please," Suzanne says, and she continues to dole out sets of pristine, white, cotton gloves to every member of the team.  I hate these gloves.  They never fit quite right.  The fingers are always too wide and the wrist is always too short. About the only person these things would look good on is Mickey Mouse.  
Gloved up, I advance on the cartonnage sarcophagus until I'm close enough to touch it.  I run my fingers over the plaster outer layer, imagining it feels smooth as glass.  In truth, the sensation is akin to feeling up a leg cast wearing mittens.
The sarcophagus is truly exquisite.  The mask is thickly gilded, the plaster outer layer, dimpled, white-washed and covered with hieroglyphic markings.  I notice an ankh symbol, the Egyptian symbol for life, and touch it with my forefinger.
"Her name," Suzanne says from behind me.  She reaches over my shoulder and points to a graphic three glyphs above the ankh, and then to each symbol which follows it as she reads, "Mer...et...sa...ankh.  Her name.  She Loves Life."  
I turn to face Suzanne and half-smile.  This is the nicest she's been to me...well...ever, and I want to show her it did not go unnoticed.  So what if I'm Palmer's wife and Suzanne had once been a candidate for the position?  And while I hold no illusions she and I could one day be friends, I can't help but wonder why the simple fact we have both once slept with the same man dictates we be enemies. 
Suzanne continues to spout off facts about the markings on the cartonnage, but I manage to tune her out as I take a stroll around Mary's perimetre, taking in the perfect markings on her wrappings. While I don't recognize the symbols used by the ancient Egyptians as skillfully as can my rival, I can make out the symbols for 'Queen', and 'youth' and 'beauty'.  Didn't Suzanne say something about her being a princess, distantly related to someone who might or might not one day be Pharaoh?   Not that it matters. Mary is unique in that she is whole, her cartonnage undamaged, even after all these years.  Afloat in Mary's aura, I almost forget the real reason for my tagging along tonight—to irradiate what may have once been Spencer Prescott's phase modulator.
"Not that I want to be a spoil sport or anything," says the technician. He looks nervously at his watch, "but it's almost three.  We have to get the X-rays done in the next half hour or so.  We're due for our CT no later than three-thirty.  We lose the room at five whether we're done or not."
"Right," says Suzanne, "let's get her on the table then, shall we?" 
We wheel Mary's gurney so it's side-by-side with the X-ray table in the centre of the room, then we form a circle around her. "On three, gentlemen," Suzanne says. As the only woman in the room—besides Suzanne—I try not to be miffed at the snub.  
Suzanne counts to three and we lift Mary onto the table.  What strikes me as most surprising is the weight of the thing—but then again, once all the layers of resin soaked linen combined with the plaster outer layer are taken into consideration, it stands to reason it should weigh a ton.
"Only one of you can stay," says the technician holding up a single, white, lead apron. He continues, apologetically, "I don't have enough of these things to go around."
"I'll take that, thank you," Suzanne sings. She plucks it roughly from his grasp.
For no less than three minutes, Palmer, Ungermeyer, Stowe and I stand expectantly in the bright, peach-colored corridor, staring back and forth at each other.  The men begin stilted small-talk about last night's game.  Palmer winks at me when he's sure no one else is looking.  It seems to take forever, but eventually Suzanne opens the door to usher us back in.
We resume our positions around Mary.  "On the side on my mark," Suzanne says, and counts slowly to three once more.  We prop Mary up with foam wedges to ensure she's stable before we return to the corridor, minus Suzanne.  It's just as well.  I'm enjoying the break from her.  
In and out twice more to get Mary's other side and back.  Before I leave this time, I take a good look at Mary's backside.  The cartonnage is sewed up from behind with a single seam down the entire length of the sarcophagus.  It's almost as if Mary were wrapped in a complete body corset. Around the edges of the cartonnage, near the seam, I'm sure I can see delicate layers of linen.  I want to admire the finery of what essentially amounts to Mary's death shroud, but Suzanne ushers us back out into the hall with a shooing motion. 
Palmer Does It 
At last the X-rays are done and we head over for the CT-scan, anticipation mounting until it threatens to overflow. While the adventure of Mary's X-rays were exciting—to say nothing of the moment when we'd actually be allowed to see them—they were merely the hors-d'oeuvres.  The CT-scan would be the pièce-de-rèsistance, in more ways than one.  
In my research on the Web, I discovered that computed tomography scans—CT scans—use a dose of radiation about four-hundred times that of X-rays.  Although “zapping” (for lack of a better term) the device during Mary's X-ray session would probably have been easier in the dully lit exam room, we had to be sure the zap would be sufficient to fully charge the device.  That is why Palmer and I decided to wait it out and risk it in the brightly lit CT room instead. 
"Okay, people," Suzanne says, voice reverberating in the sparsely furnished room, "onto the table.  On my mark."  
Palmer turns to me and smiles. He holds out his hand and I surreptitiously place the small, silver medallion into his upturned palm.  He nods, and then jockeys for a position at Mary's head.
Suzanne counts three and we lift.  Some of the men grunt with exertion. 
Protocol dictates we have to leave the room before the scan can begin.  Palmer is right behind me, but then he kneels to tie his shoe lace. He is the last to exit the room.
We stand in the adjacent control room, separated from Mary by a pane of immaculate glass.  
On the other side of the window, a motor whirs to life and the table upon which Mary lies begins to slide into the CT drum.  
We gather in behind the pair of technicians and computer screens flashing multi-colored images.  All seems to be going smoothly until the female technician exclaims, "Wait!  What's that?"  She points to an opaque, round shape just to the left of Mary's head.
I immediately recognize it as Prescott's modulator and hold my breath. What to do now? Palmer brings a hand to his forehead.  I'm sure we're done for—how could we even begin to explain?
"Is there something on the table?" Suzanne asks. She points to the object on one of the monitors.  "It appears to be outside of the sarcophagus."
Palmer draws his hand from his forehead, over his glasses, and to his mouth. The blood drains from his face. 
I can't breathe. My heart beats double-time.
Palmer looks at me, mouth open as if to say something, though he remains wordless.  
"What the hell is it?" Suzanne asks. "Never mind that," she continues, "what the hell's it doing in my scan?"
"Oh my God," Palmer says finally, barely a whisper. "It's me."  All eyes turn to him.  He clears his throat.  "It's me," he says again.  "It's my pocket watch."  
"What?" Suzanne practically bellows.
I look at the group, eyes wide open.  I feel my jaw drop.  There's an itch on my left forearm, but I'm too stunned to scratch it.  The air in the room has grown thin. I think I may pass out.  Pocket watch?  They'll never believe—
"Can we stop the scan?" Palmer asks. "I checked my watch before we left the room."  Everyone in the room turns to look at him.  "I tied my shoe lace," he apologizes.  "I guess I put my watch down on the table and...forgot."  He smiles shyly—God, I love him.  
Suzanne looks at the female technician as if to say, "Can we stop it?"
"Now that we've identified what it is," the technician begins, "there's really no reason to stop."
Suzanne gives Palmer a look.  Her arms are crossed over her chest flattening what little breasts she has. Her lips form a thin line; she is definitely not amused.  She cocks her head to one side as if contemplating what to do with him.  At last she says, "That's Paulie Richardson for you—the epitome of the absent-minded professor."
The absent-minded professor, indeed.  Her voice hangs in the air, heavily laden with condescension, and rife with insult.
Palmer just grins and shrugs his shoulders, having taken the bullet for me.  
"Continue with the scan," Suzanne says, sounding defeated.
Palmer glances at me from the corner of his eye before maneuvering through the crowded room to stand next to me.  He puts an arm around my shoulder and squeezes, as if to say, "Mission accomplished".

Nearly an hour later the scan is complete.  Palmer retrieves the device. He holds it up for all to see, making a show of it, making light of the whole situation.  He waits until they return to the control room to gather their belongings before he slips it to me and I put it to rest inside the small cardboard box waiting for it inside my backpack.

The Plan
"It's chillier out than I imagined," Palmer tells me. I’m staring out the picture window, feeling forlorn. Up until this very moment, we’d been sitting together in silence, Palmer and I, at some all-night greasy spoon on Yonge, contemplating the sticky menus in front of us.  Deciding what to order is a challenge—it's harder to find something with passable taste and sensible balance of protein, carbs and fat than you might think.     
The waitress is dressed in pink muslin.  A white muslin apron covers her midsection.  She rights Palmer’s cup on the saucer and pours from a steaming hot pot of dark coffee.  She upturns my cup, too, but I place a hand over the cup, shake my head, and smile. I have no use for coffee, not unless it’s mixed with chocolate syrup and heavily laden with sugar. The mere thought of a mocha is enough to get my saliva glands going. I order a Coke instead.  Coke for breakfast. Gross as it may sound, right now my body craves caffeine, regardless of the source and damn the carbs. 
The waitress smiles an open-mouthed smile revealing pearly white teeth, save for a single grey tooth and lots of gums.  She looks used, though pretty, in spite of the heavy make-up and grey incisor. She disappears behind the counter with the coffee pot.
I turn my attention to the world outside the picture window at the front of the restaurant. I generally avoid window seats at restaurants downtown—I feel uncomfortable stuffing my face in plain sight of whomever wanders by—but this is the table the waitress indicated when we entered and so we had sat.  
I watch Palmer’s reflection in the window beside me for a second or two. That morning will soon be upon us is almost imperceptible. This time of year, the sky tends to settle from bright white in daylight to backlit gunmetal whether dusk or dawn.
"Moll?" Palmer asks. I hear him distantly. It takes a moment to register through my early morning brain-fog. Before I can answer him, he says, “Earth to Molly." I hate it when he says that. This time, I purposely ignore him. He raps twice on the table, which startles me. 
"I said, 'Penny for your thoughts’."
"Oh,"  I say, “You first." I sit up, back board-straight, and lean forward in my seat.
He thinks about it for a moment and I don’t press him to answer until he’s ready. Let him take his time. After all, we have a lot to think about. Tonight we hijacked a CT-scan to power a device that is supposed to take us to another dimension.  What were we thinking? I don’t think we were, not beyond proving or disproving Prescott-slash-Stanley’s claims. If we’d stopped to think, if we’d paused even for a moment, paused to consider the ramifications of our actions, I don’t think it would have gone this far. None of us ever stopped to consider the danger, or potential disease. And in order to move forward, we can’t pause to think about it now.  
"I don't know," Palmer finally says.
"I know," I agree.
"It's weird, and—"
"Surreal—"
"Surreal!" he repeats in agreement. He slaps the table as he says it.  "Yes! That's it." 
I glance back out the window. The sky seems brighter than before.  Sun will be up soon. I catch Palmer watching my reflection. A fire engine goes by, sirens blaring. 
"So what happens next?" he asks. His voice sounds distant and phlegmy.  He clears his throat, and swallows a gulp of coffee.
I look around the interior of the restaurant.  Save for the clanging of pots and silverware behind the counter, my sigh and the beat of my heart, the restaurant is silent.  At this hour, we're just about the only patrons.  "Right now I just want to get some food in my stomach and stay up long enough to teach my morning classes," I say.
The waitress brings my drink and I take a long sip from a straw with green and white stripes.  I close my eyes and swallow. I feel the effects of the sugar and caffeine take immediate effect. I might make it through this day after all. 
We order:  scrambled eggs on rye toast and home fries for Palmer, poached with whole wheat and hash browns for me. Not much they can do with poached eggs except hard boil them, and right now, anything without the consistency of rubber would suit me fine.  The waitress collects our menus.
"I mean, what are you going to do about the modulator?" he asks. Where do we go from here?  That we're seriously discussing this, let alone discussing it at all, is crazy. 
I shrug my shoulders and shake my head.  "I don't know.  Find a quiet place and press the button, I guess." Forget crazy. This is downright absurd.
I busy myself stirring my Coke with the straw, listening to the ching-ching of ice on glass. Palmer doctors his coffee to his liking and takes a cautious sip. 
"You know, Moll," he says tentatively, "visiting another planet would be an amazing experience.  I just don't think it would be amazing enough to risk losing you over." He takes another sip of coffee, and peers at me over the rim of the cup, as if trying to gauge my reaction to his statement.  “I want our little experiment to be a success, I really do. I’m sorry, but someone has to vocalize the possibility it might fail.  Which could mean anything from no outcome to setting off a nice little nuclear detonation that blows away the better part of a city block.  And while my logical instincts tell me that the latter is probably not the most likely scenario, somewhere in the back of my head there's a little voice telling me it could happen.”  
There he goes again, playing Devil’s Advocate.  The fact that Palmer worries about me, about losing me, is a strange kink in our relationship. I was the one who spent the first few years of our relationship worrying I wasn’t good enough for him, and that I might lose him. It took me a while to see Palmer as Palmer and not the handsome, smart, popular head of the department. That he might be as worried about losing me as I once worried about losing him frightens me for some reason. "Don’t worry,” I tell him. “Prescott said it was perfectly safe." 
The waitress practically tosses our plates on the table.  She's mixed the orders up. We trade plates. The eggs and potatoes are cold and underdone.  The toast is barely toasted.  Palmer seems oblivious to the quality of the food. He digs in, as if it’s Sunday dinner at Mom's.  
"Prescott had a new modulator with a full and proper charge," he reasons. 
"Well what do you suggest, then?" I say, surprised at the level of frustration I hear in my voice.  
We glare at each other for a bit, and then I sigh, take a deep breath, and say, "I'm sorry. I didn't mean it that way." I push my eggs around on the plate a bit, mixing them with the potatoes. "It's just that...the thought of all this—I mean, Prescott, juicing the modulator, being abused by Suzanne—"
He smiles and laughs once, short and breathy, perhaps at the thought of how terribly Suzanne treated me earlier in the evening. “Sorry,” he says, “it's no laughing matter.” He grabs my hand across the table and holds his free hand to his heart. “I take full responsibility for the debacle at the hospital. I should have shut Suzanne down at the start.”
I smile at him, and then say, "It's," I pause as I try to think of a word to describe it, "overwhelming," I say, the moment the word finds my tongue.
He nods and leans forward in his seat.  "I'm feeling a little giddy myself."
"The thing is (and this is what really blows my mind), what does someone do when faced with something like this?  A decision so—"
"Monumental," he says.
I nod. "Something that could turn—never mind my world, our world, but the entire scientific community on its ear? And on two planets at that."
Palmer takes a sip of his coffee and contemplates his potatoes, stabbing as many as will fit onto the tines of his fork, wedging them off with the side of the plate, and then again.  "I don't know," he says with a sigh.  "If we could only figure out a way to test it somehow."
"Test it?"
Palmer nods.
"And how do you propose we do that?" I take another sip of my soda. 
"I don't know," he says again.  "If we could attach it to a camera somehow.  Send it over there with the camera before you go, just to see what we're up against."  We stare at each other for a moment.
"Wouldn't work.  According to Prescott's notes, the modulator relies on bio-electric energy to maintain the bubble.  If we test it, it has to be on a living creature."
"Okay," he says.  
The eggs, I've noticed, are somewhat palatable when sopped up with the bread.  I take a bite, chew, and try to swallow. 
"So we strap it to an animal," he says.
"Unless you happen to have an extra chimpanzee lying about that knows how to press a button, that won't work either."
"I don't follow." 
"The energy bubble is initiated with a button press.  It's terminated the same way." 
"I was thinking more along the lines of something more expendable.  A mouse or a rat, maybe. 
"Maybe..." 
"Maybe what?" I say, prompting him when he doesn’t finish his sentence. I love this conversation. The fact that Palmer’s bought into the Gaia dilemma at all tells me there’s something to it, something real. It’s all really exciting. Gaia's been first and foremost on my mind ever since I started researching Prescott and reading up on his notes. Once more the thought of consequences push to the forefront. What if it were a one-way trip?  What if it were the last trip I would ever take?  While I have to admit that having my name attached to a scientific breakthrough such as this is intoxicating, I'm not willing to gamble my life in exchange for notoriety.  
"What if we could create a device,” Palmer says, “One on a timer.  One that would depress the button to send the mouse to Gaia and after a particular amount of time, depress the button again to bring it back.  We could still attach a camera if we wanted.  To get a better feel for what to expect when you finally go."
"And how would we make such a device?"
"It should be fairly simple.  Just a simple timer and a hammer to depress the button.  I'll bet Jake Adams over in Engineering could help us."
I nod slowly, mulling it over.  "I see two problems with this," I say. "One, where are you going to get the mouse from?"
"Johnny Marcus over in Psych.  They're always experimenting with mice in Psych."
"Okay, but we have no way of knowing if  the modulator's charged or even how much it's charged.  We don't even know how much juice is used up by a round trip.  What if there's only enough juice for one trip and we use it up on the mouse?"
"Then we'll figure something else out."
I smile.  "Know many wealthy benefactors of the museum who just happen to have a mummy lying around to cat-scan?"
"I'm serious, Moll," he says. 
"So am I, Palmer." I hate that I sound like I’m whining, but I’m all argued out. Either we press the button or we don’t. Either we go to Gaia or we don’t. It’s really that simple.
He smiles at me and reaches across the table for my hand again.  "We'll figure something else out."  
We pick at our meals for a while before Palmer blurts, "What if we could figure out a way to measure the modulator's charge as well as how much the charge is depleted with each round trip?"  He leans back into the worn bench seat.  "Radiation can be measured. I wonder if it generates an EM field.  Adams would know."
"And while we're on the topic of Jake Adams," I say, "you're not seriously suggesting we hand over a charged modulator for him to use when he's making his trigger device, are you?  I mean, what guarantee do we have that he won't push the button himself?"
He thinks about this and then says, "You could make a set of measured drawings. (Sure, engineers work from blueprints all the time.)  I'm sure that would be enough for him to create a prototype that we could test."
The waitress comes to top up Palmer’s coffee but he stays her hand, and asks for the bill.
"Okay then," he says, "so we're in agreement then?  Do nothing until Jake gets back to me?"
I agree.
Test Run
Palmer opens the door when I knock, but only a crack.  Stale air wafts into the hall from his lab. I am struck by the odors of mildew and bleach.
"Rosy said you were in your lab," I say. I waited fifteen minutes in his office before giving up and checking with Rosemary, the department secretary.
"Did you bring it?" 
I say I did. He opens the door wider to let me enter. "Are you alone?"  He peers into the empty corridor.  
"Palmer, are you okay?" I ask. He doesn’t seem himself. 
He closes the door behind me and slides the deadbolt in place. 
"What's going on?" 
He turns his back to me for a moment. When he turns back to face me, he’s holding a mouse. It looks as if it's sitting cross-legged in the palm of his hand.  He holds it still with two fingers from the other hand resting on its hips. "This is Mickey," he says, holding the mouse at my eye level.  
"Cute," I say.  
"Here, hold him for a second."  He thrusts Mickey at me.  
My hands fly up, until they’re about level with my shoulders, seemingly of their own volition. "You have got to be kidding.”
“Watch this." He walks toward the large, three foot square, wooden maze on the counter beside me.  Beside the maze is a small block of cheddar cheese.  Palmer breaks off a small corner of the cheese and places it at one end of the maze. He releases Mickey at the opposite end and sets a stop-watch in motion.  No sooner has he unleashed the mouse than it begins to move at breakneck speed through the maze.  In a flash it finds the cheese and begins to eat. Palmer depresses the fob of the stop-watch.  "Twenty-six seconds," he tells me, "a personal record for Mickey.
"We've been at this most of the afternoon.  He's knocked four seconds off his original time since we began."
"Okay. Palmer?  Are you alright?"  
"Over here," he says, ignoring my question. He takes me by the elbow and leads me to an adjacent counter, where he hands me a small steel object about half the size of my hand. It’s made up of a small circuit board upon which two digital timers are mounted.  A myriad of brightly coloured wires jut from beneath the timer and terminate at the circuit board. A small, silver bar coiled in copper wire is soldered to the edge of the circuit board, opposite a battery pack consisting of four, stacked, AAA batteries.
"Courtesy of Jake Adams," he says, plucking the contraption from my hand and setting the timers. "Watch this."  Palmer holds the circuit board in his outstretched hand and we watch as the first timer counts from ten down to zero. The silver bar fires like a bullet from a pistol. It slowly resumes its original position as the second timer begins to count down.  When it reaches zero, the bar fires again.  Brilliant! It'll work like a charm—once to turn the modulator on, and a second time to turn it off.
"Over here," he says. Still somewhat manic, he grabs my arm once more and pulls me toward the desk in the corner of the room. He holds my hand out and places a tiny camera in the centre of it. The camera lens is framed in burnished silver and about the size of an Aspirin tablet. "It's a camera," he says.  "I found it at a local spy shop.  Look."  He switches on a small, desktop monitor. It shows an image of the ceiling fluorescents which is refreshed about every ten seconds.  "You have the option of transmitting to the monitor or saving to a card," he says. He shows me the memory card, a wafer thin, ice blue piece of plastic, one inch in length.  "When you're done, you plug the reader for the card into your USB and download the files.  This should give us a good idea of what to expect once you're there, kind of a...mouse-eye view."  He smiles.  
"Oh!  One more thing." Palmer holds up a single finger as he says this and then asks for the modulator.  I don’t know why, but I pause for a beat before handing it over to him. He smiles, as if he senses my apprehension and wants to let me know I’ve done the right thing.
"We need a way to measure power depletion."  He shows me his iPhone.  “It's really cool what they can do with technology nowadays,” he says. “Download some apps and connect a peripheral device or two and a glorified cell phone becomes almost anything you can set your mind to.” He uses his finger to select a series of icons on the small screen.  "This is a multi-purpose reader.  It reads voltage and temperature and everything in between.  
"The most likely measurement, I think, would be radiation.  It's what it's powered by, after all." The iPhone beeps.  “Okay. Geiger counter seems to be working,” he says. He moves the attachment toward the modulator. It emits a regular, even, ping. When he moves it away from the modulator, the pings remain constant. He touches it to the modulator. Still no change in the speed of the pings.  "It's not radioactive.  At least, not when it's turned off.
"Okay.  Not done yet."  Palmer puts the iPhone down and reaches for a manual, a small book about the same size as the device itself.  "Give me a...second," he says as he thumbs through the manual.  I wait, trying to be patient. This is kind of fun. Palmer’s temperament is usually even-keel. It’s not often he gets excited like this.  
"Here it is!” Palmer says. “‘EMFs detected by Gauss metre’, ‘yellow probe’."  He switches the black probe for the yellow one, and refers once more to the manual before tapping out another sequence on the cell’s interface.
"EMFs?" I ask.
"Electromagnetic fields.  Most electronic devices emit an electromagnetic field.  The question is:  how large of a field does it emit?"  He checks the measurement. "This is good," he tells me, showing me the reading. “According to the manual, the reading’s through the roof.
 “We can measure the depletion in the EMF and see how much power it loses with each trip.  If—and I mean, big if—it works at all.”  
He looks at me tentatively.  "Time for Mickey to suit up."  
I smirk slightly, suddenly aware of how disappointed I am the mouse gets to try it out before me. My eyes begin to water and I sniffle. 
Palmer reaches over and hugs me. "You okay?" 
It’s stupid for me to react this way. 
I nod and wipe my eyes with the heel of my palm.  
"Ready for this?" he asks.
I nod. Still locked in his embrace, my head bobs against his chest.
"Really. It's the only way, Moll." He kisses the top of my head. "The only safe way." 
Much as I hate to admit it, he’s right. "I know," I tell him. I pull away from him, nodding profusely.  "Okay.  Let's do this," I say.
"Okay?"
I continue to nod. "Yeah," I say, but I don’t think I sound too convinced. 
Palmer slides the modulator into Jake's contraption and fastens them together with some surgical tape.  The camera goes on the same way and then the whole thing gets strapped onto Mickey's back with an abundance of surgical tape around his midsection.
The mouse squeals.  The whole thing must weigh at least as much as the animal itself.  
Palmer turns on the camera and sets the timers for thirty seconds each—thirty seconds until the solenoid bar depresses sending him there, thirty seconds until it depresses again bringing him home.
He sets Mickey down in the middle of an island counter in the centre of the lab and ushers me into the far corner.  We hold hands in silence, waiting, squeezing each other's hand in anticipation.  It's the longest thirty seconds of my life.  I am counting silently (one Mississippi...two Mississippi).   I reach thirty Mississippis and nothing happens, but I continue to count.  When I reach thirty-five, Palmer and I look at each other in silent question. I am tempted to ask him to double-check the timer to see if the solenoid has fired, and then it happens:  Mickey disappears.  Just like that:  poof! Into thin air with a short gust of wind. 
Palmer and I stand there, dumfounded.  Afraid to speak.  Afraid to move.  I am so taken in by what has just happened I forget to start counting again.
"What just happened?" I ask. I start to look around the lab, beginning on the floor around the island, as if the very second we averted our eyes was the very second Mickey chose to take a sprint off the edge of the counter.  "Where did it go?"
"It worked," Palmer says. His statement of the obvious comes out as a faint whisper.  I'm paralyzed at the thought. My heart beats faster than it should.  My pulse races at my right temple.  I can't take my gaze from the spot at which Mickey left this world.  If what Prescott said was true, he will rematerialize on the exact same spot.  
Surely thirty seconds has passed by now.  If I thought the last countdown took forever—
I am about to resign myself to the fact Mickey has become a permanent resident of Gaia when I hear a squeak. I look up. Mickey has returned with the absence of flourish. 
"What just happened?" I ask again. I think I’m in shock. I think we both are. 
Palmer grabs Mickey—he's so bogged down by the electronics he can only walk in what looks like a drunken stupor—and cuts the surgical tape.  He squeals as Palmer pulls the tape off his belly, poor thing.  When he’s done, Palmer pops him back into his cage.
Palmer takes an EMF reading from the modulator. It’s still strong. “My calculations (if they're correct) indicate it's only been depleted by a few percent at most,” he says. He takes the memory card from the camera and slides it into the USB reader connected to my laptop, and boots up the software.  
The results are anti-climactic. 
Static.  It recorded nothing but static.
"What happened to the picture?" I ask.
"I don't know."  He shakes his head.  "EMFs can wreak havoc with anything that runs on electromagnetic impulses, everything from electronic devices to the human nervous system.  Maybe the EMF is so strong it's interfering with the inner workings of the camera."
He plays with the software for a few minutes. While he does, I watch Mickey in his cage. He takes a sip or two from his water bottle and then begins running on his wheel, seemingly no worse for the wear.  "So it's okay then.  Mickey seems fine.  I can go, right?"  
Palmer looks up at me, surprised. I don't know why—wasn't that the purpose of our experiment in the first place?
"Bare with me," he tells me. “I'm not convinced it's safe, not yet.  One more experiment, one more test.  
"Let's see," he says. Palmer opens Mickey's cage and puts him in the maze. He pinches off a piece of cheese, places it at the other end of the maze, resets the stopwatch, and lets Mickey go.
“Amazing!” he says, watching Mickey as he gnaws at the cheese. “Twenty-eight seconds.”  Okay, so not as great as the last time, but he’s got to be a little fatigued from having to carry around what essentially amounts to more than double his body weight for the last few minutes. 
"Like I said, Mickey's okay.  I can go."
"I don't know, Moll," Palmer says, "I'd like to try it one more time, just to be safe."
"Why?  What's that going to accomplish?" He’s never going to be okay with letting me go, I realize. We’re going to sit here all day testing Mickey’s stamina until the charge wears off. 
"We don't know how much juice is left,” he says, “how much energy it takes for each trip.  Does it deplete according to body weight or time spent?  Another trip could tell us that." 
Frustrated, I just glare at him.  
"Okay,” Palmer says. “If Mickey stays for a longer amount of time this time—say a minute—then when he comes back we see if the same amount of energy has been expended, or if there's more.  If it's the same—a few percent, say—then we know the rate of expenditure is relative to body weight, regardless of the time.  If the rate of depletion has doubled, then we know it's relative to time spent."
"I don't know, Palmer."
"Well I do," he tells me, sounding firm. "Scientific experiments aren't accepted as breakthroughs until they can be duplicated, right?" He pauses briefly, but then continues before I have a chance to respond.  "If we can duplicate our experiment and compare the data, then we'll have a pretty good sense of if it's safe or not." 
I feel myself biting at the inside of my cheek, my forehead muscles have grown taught.
 "Bottom line?" Palmer pauses. "Bottom line is the only thing at risk here is your life.  That's something I'm just not willing to gamble."
"So you're saying no matter how many times we test this thing, you'll never be willing to let me try it for myself."  
Palmer thinks about this for a moment. “Never in a million years,” he says. “Look, Moll, let's give it just one more try with Mickey and see what happens.  Okay?"
What other choice do I have? I nod, feigning agreement. 
Palmer rigs up the mouse once more, this time setting the first trigger for thirty seconds, the second for a full minute. We are treated to an exact repeat performance.  The mouse disappears after thirty seconds and reappears after sixty.  The EMF has depleted no more than a few percentage points and there is no video to speak of.  Mickey aces the maze in twenty-seven seconds.  
Palmer passes me the modulator and camera and asks me to strip it of the tape while he does the same for Mickey. 
Suddenly there’s a gust of air.
Molly Sees the World
I don't know what happened.  One minute I was in the Anth lab, listening to Palmer go on about gauss measures, loss percentages and Mickey, the bionic mouse, and I was trying not to break a nail while removing the damned residual adhesive from the medical tape, when all of a sudden the room grew silent.  The first thing I noticed was the absence of the incessant whine of the ceiling fan.  It took a moment to realize the buzzing I was hearing came not from the overhead lighting, but from within my head.  
I look up and the Anth lab is gone.  Instead, I find myself in a long, cream-coloured corridor, standing on a cream and grey marl floor peppered with mouse droppings.  
All of a sudden I'm aware of the weight of the modulator enmeshed in a death grip in my right hand.  I force my fingers to relax. An imprint of the device is etched into my palm. I stare at the modulator dumbly for a moment. It vibrates almost imperceptibly, sending pins and needles through the palm of my hand. 
 "This is a restricted area.  Please state your designation," a voice says to me from behind, giving me a start—up until that moment, I was sure I was the only one standing in the corridor.  I wheel around to see a man standing in close proximity to me—too close.  He's dressed in an ankle-length tunic the color of Crème Brule, over white pants, which allows him to blend nearly perfectly with the surroundings.  Particularly unnerving about the man is that he moves without sound or air displacement.  Not only that, but I can't hear him breathe.  When he moves, there's no rustle of material, even as the fabric moves against his form.  The only proof he's actually standing there is that I'm witnessing him do so.
Odd.  He had said, "State your designation".  Not state my name or title, nor did he ask to see my papers, but rather, to state my designation.  What the hell did that mean?  "You nearly scared me to death," I tell him. I fumble with the modulator as I clip it to the waistband of my jeans.
The man cocks his head slightly to the left as if trying to hear something from a distance.  "Vital signs indicate while your pulse has escalated since my appearance, you are quite...healthy."  
Is this guy for real?  
"Please," he says once more, blandly, "state your designation."
"Where am I?" I ask, skirting the question once more.
"You are in the main seminary of Theran Prefecture."
Theran...? "What's your designation?" 
"I am Avatar."
"Avatar?  That's like a computer simulated representation of something, isn't it?"
"I do not know this word...'computer'."
"You're like...a hologram? A holographic projection." 
"A proto-sentient, three-dimensional light projection, yes."
Proto-sentient? "Very cool," I say.  I reach out to touch him and my hand passes through him.  Through him!  It's almost too much to believe!  I don't know what I expected when I reached out for him—mass?  Something fleshy, perhaps? Sure as hell not nothing entirely. "Very cool," I say again.
"Data stream...interrupted," says a female voice.  The voice is directionless, seeming to come from everywhere, yet from nowhere in particular.
"I must ask that you do not interrupt the data stream," Avatar says.
"Sorry."
"Matron, I remind you:  you are in a restricted area.  You must inform me of your designation or I am bound to alert The Enforcers."
I think about this for a moment.  Matron?  Enforcers? "Are they like the police? Law enforcement?"  
Avatar doesn't answer.  Instead, he cocks his head to the left once more and says, "I regret to inform you:  you have been detained for failing to reveal your designation as requested.  The Enforcers will be arriving momentarily.  Please wait."
Great!  Just great.  My first thought is to run, but where to?  It's not like I'm in downtown Toronto in the middle of the U. of T. campus, terrain I know like the back of my hand.  If I ran, where the hell would I go?  
"Please wait," Avatar repeats.
"Shit!" I blurt, and the urge for flight takes over.  I begin to run.  A few steps later I chance a look over my shoulder to see if he's followed, but the corridor's empty.  I look back in the direction I'm traveling—Avatar's about six feet directly in front of me. I try to stop, but I'm moving too fast and he's too close.  I manage to slow down, but only slightly so, and wind up running directly through him.
"Data stream...terminated," the female voice says and Avatar slowly disintegrates into thin air.
My attention must've been diverted by Avatar's abrupt exit because I never saw the second one materialize.  By the time I'm aware of his presence, it's too late.  I hold my breath and close my eyes, prepared to run through the second one as well, but I hit a wall of flesh and bone instead.  This one, it seems, is real.  The force of the collision would have knocked me to the floor if the man hadn't grabbed me by the shoulders to steady me.  A million different scenarios as to how this whole thing could play out run through my head, simultaneously.  I have no idea how to react.  I want to laugh.  I want to cry.  I want to see Palmer.  I want to look into his eyes and know this will all work out.  I want him to know I'm okay.  
The man seems unshaken by the blow.  
Once I'm able to gather my thoughts, I look up and into the face of a man about my age.  He's at least as tall as Avatar was.  He wears his hair long, allowing it to fall in dense waves to his shoulders.  He needs a shave.  His eyes are intense ice-blue, the likes of which I've never seen before.  He's dressed in the same type of tunic as Avatar, only his is the color of ripe plums, which compliments a flawless, olive complexion.  
When he finally lets go of me, he stands with perfect posture, arms crossed over his chest.  "We've been expecting you," he says in a voice so perfectly rounded, he has to have had some kind of choral training in the past.  He smiles without revealing his teeth. "Please.  Come with me."  
He leads me into a large lecture hall with deep, hunter-green walls mixed slightly on the yellow side, and mahogany wainscoting.  He motions for me to sit in the first row of tiered theatre seats.  The seats are the same colour as his tunic, slightly worn, yet firm.  They are overstuffed and too comfortable.  I wonder how people are able to remain awake for prolonged periods of time while sitting in them.
The man sits beside me leaving an empty chair for breathing space.  We look at each other and then look away.  His eyes melt a little when he smiles, but only slightly so.  He has been silent since we entered the room, as though he were contemplating my presence.
When at last he speaks, it is in a deep baritone:  "I see you have met Avatar."  He watches me with a judgmental stare, his face expressionless, as he patiently waits for a response.  I choose to say nothing. 
"Avatar," he says, voice bellowing as if projected from deep inside his gut, "is a three-dimensional projection of diffracted light.  This is a new technology for us and it is still experimental in nature.  The projections are typically unstable, especially to interference.  That is why it ceased when you touched it."  
He pauses. I remain silent.  
"The goal is to simulate a life form where it would be hazardous to place a true life form.  The trick is in conquering the light versus solid dichotomy."  
Once more he pauses as if waiting for me to keep up my end of the conversation.  
"Right now," he continues, "the sole purpose of Avatar and others like it, is here at the prefecture, ushering dawdling disciples off to their lectures and such.  It seems like such a waste of a precious resource to have the prefects themselves wandering through the halls."
The man considers me for several moments.  I can almost feel the weight of his stare bearing down on me.  When the silence threatens to become excruciating, he speaks again. "I am Reyes Prefect, Second Prefect of Theran Prefecture."
Reyes?  The man who made contact with Prescott?  But he would have to be close to a hundred years old by now.  
"And you are...?" he prompts.
"You speak English," I blurt.  I'm not trying to be evasive about my name, nor am I trying to be rude.  In some cultures, to know someone's name is to wield great power.  I just don't think I trust this man enough to imbue him with that kind of authority, at least, not quite yet.
He smiles. Dimples form to bracket the smile.  "I speak Universal. Verse for short.  It is the official language spoken here."
"And where exactly is, 'here'?"
He looks confused.  "Why, Theran Prefecture, of course."
That's not what I meant.  "I mean where, geographically?"
"Theran Prefecture resides on the mass of Selene."
I continue to look at him, trying to process this information.
"On the planet of Gaia," he offers.
It's nothing new, nothing I haven't already read in Prescott's memoirs, nothing I wasn’t anticipating, in the event our experiment worked. Still, I can't help but wonder:  is this actually happening?  Am I really to believe I'm on another world?
"You said you were expecting me."
"Not you, precisely."  He picks at the upholstery on the padding of his chair.  "Perhaps someone like you."  He looks up at me.  "We knew it was only a matter of time before someone discovered how to bridge the gap from the other side."
"The gap?  I don't understand."
"Between our world and yours."
I must still look confused because he takes it upon himself to explain further:  "Every living thing, from the smallest insect to the largest animal, has a life force that sustains it through its existence.  It is the phase pitch at which a life force resonates that binds it to its earth.
"And this 'gap' you speak of?"
"Our clerisy posits at some point in time, a cataclysmic event ensued on our planet, forcing a shift in the phase of all living things.
“History tells us at the time of the cataclysmic event our world spawned a doppelganger, an exact duplicate.  Your world."  Reyes's explanation was a lot like chocolate:  it tasted good, but did nothing to sate the appetite.
"So the 'gap' refers to the difference in our...broadcast frequencies?"
"In the pitch of our phase resonances, yes.  Your world and mine co-exist, occupying the same space-time, only slightly out of phase.  Here, yet not here.
"We have known of your world for some time now, known how to travel between the two worlds as well.  In the interest of science, this technology has been banned until your world could discover our existence, learning how to bridge the gap on your own accord.  Our clarists posited the coming of this day.
"Do not look so concerned, Matron."
"Molly," I tell him.  He says nothing, but looks confused.  "My name," I say, "it's Molly. Molly McBride."  The title of 'Matron' had finally worn thin.  I guess I just grew tired of being addressed as if I were ugly, old, and dowdy. 
"Do not look so concerned, Molly McBride.  This is a wondrous day for us all. On both sides of the gap."
 We sit there staring at each other for I don't know how long—five seconds?  Ten?  It seems like an eternity.  I finally continue to speak, if for no other reason but to break the growing silence.  "I'm a professor of Archaeology.  At the University of Toronto."  
"And what is this...this...Archaeology?"
"It's the study of past cultures on Earth based on their material remains.  The objects they leave behind.  They get buried and I dig them up and study them."
I can almost see the light bulb that goes off reflected in his face. "You are an Antiquarian," he says.
"I guess..."
"And this University of Toronto?"
"It's a place of higher learning." 
Reyes is quiet, then once more, his face lights up in sudden realization.  He sucks in some air and then says, "The Prefecture of Toronto?" rather excitedly.  "Do you know Dr. Spencer Prescott Prefect?"
"Dr. Prescott left the university long before I ever became a student there."  I avert my eyes and lower my voice, laying it on him gently.  "I'm afraid he passed away quite a few years ago."
Reyes polishes his front teeth with his tongue and nods his head.  "Yes, of course.  As did my father."  He closes his eyes and says, "Time spares no soul," in a voice approaching a whisper. 
"I take it, then, you knew Dr. Prescott?"
"My father did, yes.  I was no more than a distant concept to my parents when the encounter took place.  At that time, my father was working on a technology that would bridge the gap between this world and the next.  They were great explorers, the prefects of my father's generation, imagining great stores of knowledge on the other side, but not quite able to fathom to what that knowledge might pertain.  Their goal was to forge an alliance with the powers in existence on the other side."  Reyes looks down at his hands as they rest in his lap.  He wears a slim grin on his lips.  He sits there for a moment, as if remembering.  
"My father used to regale me with tales about another world.  As a child, they seemed just that:  tales.  As I grew, and my father passed, I regretted having not inscribed them, regretted having not listened more closely when he spoke."  
I nod.  It's the only way I can think of to respond.
"If you did not know Dr. Prescott Prefect," he says, quickly, as if he has suddenly remembered he was not alone in the room, "then how were you able to bridge the gap?"
"This device," I say, as I raise the hem of my t-shirt slightly, just enough to reveal the silver modulator clipped to the waistband of my jeans.
"It is an old design, one which is no longer manufactured."  He examines it from a distance at first, but then hunkers down in front of me to take a closer look.  "How did you say you came by this device?"
"I found it.  Actually...someone else found it.  He gave it to me."
"Where, exactly, was it found?"
"It was buried.  In his backyard."
"Underground?" he asks, astonished.
"Yeah.  Well...sealed in a box...but, yeah."
"Remarkable.  It still maintained a charge after all these years?"
"No.  I charged it.  My husband and I.  My...mate.  We figured out a way to charge it."
"How was that?"
"We ran it through a cat-scan."
He looks up at me, brows pointed, creating a furrow down the center of his forehead.
"A CT-scan?"  I ask. "Computed Tomography?"  
His expression doesn't change.
"Let me guess:  you don't have nuclear medicine on your world."
"Nuclear?"
"It uses radioactivity to take detailed pictures of the inside of the body.  For medical diagnosis."
The muscles on his forehead relax somewhat; I can tell something's getting through to him.  "You have one of these?  These cats-ans?"
"Cat-scan," I say.  How much information is too much information?   Did they have anything that even remotely resembled anything nuclear on Gaia?  Or mummies? The climates were basically the same—according to Prescott and now Reyes, Gaia and Earth were once one planet after all.  Maybe the question should be not do they have mummies, but are they aware of mummies.  And if they aren't, how long was I supposed to sit here explaining the seven wonders to him?  "We had access to one.  Briefly.  We used it to charge the device."  
Reyes gasps.  "It is stunning.  In perfect condition.  As though it just now came directly from the Antiquary."  He reaches out as if to touch it.  "Stunning," he repeats.  
I look down at the device.  "Do you want to take a closer look?" I ask, and I begin to slide it from my waistband.
"No!" Reyes calls, staying my hand with his.  "If it is what I think it is, then to remove it would break the resonance bubble and you would return to your world.  The modulator must maintain contact with your person at all times."
I nod to show I understand.
"May I?" he asks.
I nod once more, and Reyes reaches forward, tracing the perimeter of the device with his forefinger.  At first, he says nothing as he examines the artifact.  When he at last speaks he sounds distracted.  "It is very old, indeed. A prototype."  He looks up at me.  "We retired these modulators after they were deemed unsafe.  Too many incinerations—"
"Incinerations?" I ask.
Reyes clears his throat.  "Yes. Something about unstable radiometric isotopes in the power source.  You really are very lucky you arrived unscathed."
I take a moment to think about this:  what if when I pressed the button on the modulator I had been incinerated in a puff of smoke?  While Prescott had hinted at the possibility of the modulator blowing up, I never actually believed it was probable.  But according to Reyes Prefect, there was a real possibility Palmer could have witnessed my accidental incineration earlier this evening.  
Suddenly it hits me how much I actually miss my husband, how much I want to tell him I'm alright. I wonder what he's doing at this very moment, where he is. 
Reyes is saying something.  I've been so lost in contemplating how close I had come to killing myself I haven't heard a single word he's said.  I ask him to repeat himself. 
"If memory serves," he says, "there was an adaptor that went with it to help convert other isotopes to one more compatible with the original."
"There was no adaptor."
Reyes looks at his hands, clasped together and resting in his lap.  "This is disconcerting."  He shakes his head.  "My father said Dr. Prescott Prefect was a man to be trusted, a man of honour.  Dr. Prescott Prefect vowed to destroy his modulator when he returned.  The integrity of The Pact must be protected at all costs."
"He did...kind of...destroy it, I mean.  He buried it.  I don't think he ever intended anyone to dig it up."
"And yet someone did.
"This does not bode well, not at all," he says, "not for any of us.  Not on either side.  If the integrity of The Pact has been broken—" 
There is a knock at the door; Reyes looks toward it, yet decides to ignore it.  
"If the integrity of The Pact has been broken," Reyes begins again, "we are all at risk.  We—" 
Another knock at the door.  At first it appears Reyes is determined to dismiss it, but then he plants his hands firmly on either side of the chair in front of him and forces himself to a standing position.  He bounds toward the door.  I half expect him to fling it wide open.  Instead, he slowly cracks it open, ever so slightly.  There is a shadow on the other side, a man.  They speak to each other in hushed tones.  Though I can't make out anything they're saying, I can tell they're arguing.
The man behind the door says something and then pauses.  Reyes looks at me guiltily during the pause.  I've been nipping at my lower lip with my teeth.  As Reyes watches, my teeth manage to catch a small flap of skin.  I pull it off and am embarrassed to taste blood. Gross, I know, but it's not like I can control it, and believe me, I've tried.  It's like it's autonomic, like it's my body's way of pinching itself to see if it’s still awake.
Once more, the man says something to Reyes who responds in kind.  Reyes closes the door.  "I apologize, Molly McBride, but I must go momentarily.  Please!  I beg of you:  wait for me.  There is much we must still speak about."
I nod. Reyes smiles and exits.  As he does, I hear the click of a dead-bolt slipping into place.  I rush the door and try the knob. I'm locked in, alright.  
The men continue to argue on the other side of the door for a moment or two, before the fading clack of their heels recedes down the hall to my left.
I resign myself to wait for Reyes, at least for a little while.  The room he's left me in seems massive, especially when the high ceilings are taken into account.  Sky-high windows with California-style shutters stud the far wall.  In between the shutters are glimpses of the prefecture campus which is made up of perfectly manicured lawns dotted by the occasional oak, though oddly enough, no people.  Admittedly, Theran Prefecture is no University of Toronto—it's isolated, secluded, rather than in the middle of a bustling metropolis.  
The rest of the room is typical of most lecture halls:  a wooden table sits on a podium, at the front of the hall. Behind the table is a chalk board, and beside the table a lectern.  
After pacing the room several times, I plop back into my original seat and wait.  Ten minutes.  Fifteen.  Twenty.  Combined with the five or so minutes spent with Avatar, the fifteen or twenty minutes spent in conversation with Reyes, and the twenty minutes spent sitting here waiting for Reyes to return, I've been gone at least an hour, maybe more.  Palmer must be worried sick.  Truth be told?  I want to go home.  To see his face again.  To hear his voice.  To tell him about my trip.  
The modulator.  My ruby slippers.  My ticket home.  One moment it's at my hip, and the next, it's in my palm. And then I press the button.
The light changes.  The air is colder, damper.  The first breath sears my throat.  Palmer sits on a lab stool to my left. His head rests on his arms on the counter in front of him.  His breathing is heavy and slow.  I think he's sleeping.
I take a step toward him, whispering his name as I brush loose hairs behind his ear.  He startles awake, saying my name.  Before I know what's happening, he has me in a tight embrace. He presses my face into his chest, wrenches my neck and practically suffocates me in the process.  We stand like this for a while, neither one of us willing to be the first to let go.
Waking SOHO 
John Rice made his living stargazing.  
Little Johnny Rice got his first telescope when he was ten.  Back then, he'd made a habit of setting his alarm for the wee hours of the morning when everyone was still asleep, save for the farmer a-milking his cows, just to watch the stars.  Through the filter of his telescope lens, John saw everything from satellites to shooting stars, from comets to planets.
 Even all those years ago, John Rice knew. Knew that short of becoming an astronaut, short of being able to literally reach out and touch the stars, no job would ever satisfy him.
It was tough in the beginning, living a life surrounded by people grinning and nodding. Grinning and nodding and replying "Of course you are," in a  condescending tone whenever they asked Little Johnny Rice what he was going to be when he grew up. But soon enough, they came around.
During his undergrad he studied physics and astronomy.  It was sometime during those three years he sobered up and realized a life with his head literally in the stars was not for him.  He was afraid of heights for one.  Needed thick prescription glasses to correct his vision, too, something that could not be achieved with contacts (Can you even wear contacts in space? he often wondered). And he was way too chicken-shit to go under the knife—no way was anyone going to start carving away at his eyes like a Thanksgiving Day turkey.
John soon discovered that being an astrophysicist was almost as good as being an astronaut, as far as the chicks were concerned. And that was good enough for him. 
So that was how John Rice, grad student in astrophysics at the University of Florida, found himself stationed right back in his home town at the Goddard Space Flight Center for his internship, helping some know-it-all post-doctoral student do his research.  
A job in astrophysics, it turned out, was not all it was cracked up to be. More often than not his job was to sit at his desk, staring at bullshit statistics streaming across the computer screen like Matrix code.  When he wasn't staring at the computer screen, he found himself pouring over printouts documenting the same bullshit statistics.  Officially his job was to look for patterns in the data, for evidence of sun spot flare-ups, though mostly what he did was count the hours until the clock said four-thirty and he could go home.  As far as Rice was concerned, even watching the paint peel on the walls of his dive flat was more interesting. 
Rice looked over to his so called "research partner", Henry Osmond III.  The way Rice saw it, Ozzie (as he liked to be called) was most comfortable when he had one finger up his nose and his head up his asshole. Ozzie was supposed to be Rice's partner on the project, even though Rice wound up doing most of the work.  Ozzie was one of those guys who was too cool for school. Had a father in a high place that got him into the program, regardless of his undergrad performance.  No matter.
On that particular day, Rice found himself sitting at his computer monitor, watching the same boring statistics he'd been watching over the past six months, when he noticed a blip.  He re-checked the stats, and sure enough, there it was—a blip.  So Rice called his buddy Ozzie over, quiet-like, so as not to alert everyone in the room, in case it was nothing. 
"What's crawled up your butt, Rice?"  That was good ol' Ozzie, alright:  rude, crude, and heavy on the 'tude.    
"This is serious, man," Rice told him, as if Ozzie'd ever been serious a single moment in his life. "It's SOHO.  I think there's a problem," he said, pointing to the line of data containing the anomaly on his computer screen.  
Ozzie stood behind him, staring at the line of data on the screen just above Rice's fingertip.  Rice figured maybe, if Ozzie'd stare long enough at the screen, something would give—either the stats would start to make sense to him, or he'd pop a blood vessel.  Probably the latter was more likely. Rice was just about ready to share this bit of insight with Ozzie when he said, "So there's an error.  Reload, Ass-wipe."  Rice suspected that for Ozzie, 'Ass-wipe' was a term of endearment. It was almost enough to give him the warm fuzzies.  
"I already have," Rice told him.  "The data's still the same."  
"'SOHO9500'?" Ozzie read.  "What the fuck is that?"
Ozzie's off-color language was an acquired taste, and in that somewhat educational setting, Rice had yet to acquire a taste for it, even after weeks of working with him.  "I don't know," he said.  It was true. More incredible than what the data indicated—a small solar flare originating from Earth as opposed to the sun—was the handle of the satellite reporting the anomaly—SOHO9500. Because, as far as Rice knew, they didn't have a satellite using that handle.
Rice turned to look at Ozzie who was still standing behind his chair.  Ozzie stared back at him, expressionless, a look that was par for the course where Ozzie was concerned.  "Do you think we should call Bob?" Rice asked.
"Fuck if I know," Ozzie replied.
Seeing that Ozzie wasn't going to be offering an opinion on the matter any time in the near future, Rice made the decision for the both of them.  "I'm calling Bob," he said.

Bob Diaz, post-doc at the University of Maryland and supervisor of the work study program at Goddard arrived post-haste.  Rice showed him the data upon his arrival. Diaz was speechless for a moment.  He stood there shaking his head and scratching his scalp.  
"A C1 radiation burst," he finally said.  "And from SOHO Prime, no less.  I'll be damned."
"Holy shit! A C1!" Ozzie blurted.
"Check your manual, Osmond," said Diaz flatly. "C-class solar flares are small and usually have no impact on Earth."
"I know that," Ozzie quietly defended.
"Uh, Bob," Rice said, "what's SOHO prime?"
"The Solar Heliographic Observatory, unit one."
"Unit one?  I thought 9501 was unit one."
"Hence the number one in its ID?" Ozzie muttered, either in an effort to show he was smarter than Rice to have figured out something Rice couldn't or in an attempt at simple sarcasm.  Very simple.
Diaz seemed to ignore Ozzie (as most people at Goddard were wont to do) save for a quick frown in his direction.  He took another long, hard look at the data and then began to fill Ozzie and Rice in on the history of the first Solar Heliographic Observatory unit, SOHO9500.
In the early nineties, Bob explained, NASA, in partnership with the European Space Agency, sought to place a satellite at a point mid-way between the Earth and the Sun in order to observe solar activity.  Shortly after launch, however, technicians detected a problem, a failure in the stage two rocket burn designed to take SOHO Prime into its monitoring position.  The rockets never fired.  Try as they might, the astronomical societies of the planet could not hail her in order to make the necessary corrections to her flight plan.  As a result, SOHO Prime was abandoned, destined to spend eternity in high synchronous orbit somewhere above the planet.
Rice chanced a look at Ozzie.  His eyes were glazed over, his mouth wide open, par for the course when explaining something to Ozzie.  
Almost immediately, Diaz continued, a second SOHO unit was commissioned, an exact clone of the first, with a few minor adjustments to the stage two rockets and the addition of a few more instruments to her payload.  And so—just like that—SOHO Beta replaced SOHO Prime.  SOHO Prime was all but forgotten.  And why not?  Why belabour the loss of a few million dollars worth of finely calibrated, extremely delicate equipment, no matter how useless?
"Anyway, SOHO Prime has remained no more than a hunk of worthless space junk ever since." 
"Why would we start getting readings from her now?" Rice asked. "You said she was shut down," 
Diaz shrugged.  "A large solar flare can wreak havoc with satellites in orbit, maybe it coaxed her into re-booting.  Or maybe it was nudged by a meteorite and that did it. Damned if I know.
"One of the reasons she was put out of commission was because she was in the wrong orbit and couldn't report the required readings." Diaz seemed to consider the possibilities.  "Up until today, scientists believed she was facing Earth, but sometime in the past decade or so, the orbit must have shifted.  
“As near as I can figure, the blast could have come from one of three locations." Diaz righted his baseball cap on his head, pulled over a chair and straddled it backwards, resting his chin on his hands on the back of it.  "The best case scenario is that the satellite just happened to be facing the sun when the C1 was released.  
"Alternately, the blast might have come from deep space."  Diaz visibly shuddered as he considered his final option.  "If the C1 didn't originate from the sun, and it didn't originate from space, that means the only other place it could have originated was on Earth. And if it originated on Earth, well then..." He let his voice trail off, as if he could not bear to finish the thought.
"Terrorism.  Anarchy.  Third World War," Ozzie said, finishing the thought for him.  He smiled. His eyes seemed to gleam, as if energized by the thought of Armageddon. Rice stared at Ozzie for a long, hard minute, surprised to hear anything from Ozzie at all at that point, shocked he was following the conversation, let alone understanding it.
"I want a full work up on SOHO Prime's telemetry," Diaz told Rice.  "I need to know the attitude and period of her orbit.  When you got that, back-trace her telemetry.  I need to know her exact location and the position of her sensors when she detected the C1."  
"Yes, sir," Rice said.
Ozzie shot Rice a glance that had "Ass-wipe" written all over it.
"How long until we have a grasp on that, do you think?" Diaz asked.
"I don't know, sir," Rice said. He thought about it for a moment.  "A few hours maybe?"  
"I want a preliminary report in three."
Rice smiled, nodded, and turned his chair so he was facing his monitor again.  
"Hey, Bob?" Ozzie called.  He caught Diaz as he was about to leave the room.
Diaz stopped dead in his tracks.  Rice could almost hear him groan when he realized it was Ozzie—the Eddie Haskell of the Observatory—calling him.  He turned to face him. "What is it, Osmund?"
"Should I help Rice with the telemetry, Sir?  Or is there something else you'd like me to do?"
Rice believed Diaz was probably thinking about what duty he could assign him, thinking about what might be the simplest job in the observatory, the one thing Osmund’d be the least likely to screw up.  At last he spoke:  "Monitor the television, radio broadcasts and Internet.  See if there's anything about anything about the blast in the news."
Ozzie's face lit up.  He balled up his fist and pulled on an invisible air horn in celebration.  "Thanks, Bob," he said quietly, though he could not mask the wide smile growing on his lips after being sanctioned to do nothing but watch TV, listen to the radio, and surf the Web for the next three hours.

For at least the tenth time over the past few hours, Ozzie cycled through the channels on the small, black and white in the corner of the student lounge.  Springsteen got it all wrong, he thought.  Fifty-seven channels?  Hell, there were over two-hundred in reception at the observatory (they had cable—fucks were too cheap to spring for satellite—go figure) and there was still nothing on.  Hours of surfing channels and stations and sites and absolutely squat on the C1 blast.  
Ozzie looked at his watch and tried to do a quick calculation as to how long had it been since this whole thing began to play out.  Two hours?  Four?  His entire shift?  
Fuck, isn't it over yet?  wondered Ozzie, bored silly.  He switched off the television and turned on the radio making two full sweeps of all stations on the FM dial and one on the AM. There were no news reports on the FM and seemingly nothing but talk on the AM, but nada when it came to anything about any radiation blasts, C1 or otherwise.  He poured himself a cup of coffee and tried to psych himself up for another hour surfing CNN and other news sites to see if there was any late-breaking news about the situation.
Ozzie arrived in the main computer room to see Diaz and Rice hunched over a stack of paper on Diaz's desk. He decided to join them.
Rice was telling Diaz he was pretty sure the orbit was geosynchronous and pointed directly at Earth somewhere over North America. "Good work, Rice," Diaz said.  "Now all we have to do is wait, see if we can't pinpoint any other readings from the satellite if it happens again.
"Ozzie," Diaz called, "you're with Rice on this one."  
Ozzie thought he might blow chunks at the thought of spending another minute, let alone the rest of his shift, working with that homo Rice, but once again exerted perfect control and said nothing.  Having spent the better part of the last three hours channel hopping, Ozzie was done.  He wanted nothing more than to kick his shoes off, order a pizza, pop open a brewski, let rip with the gas he'd been saving for over an hour now, and channel surf some more.  
"That's it, my friends," Diaz announced, clapping both Rice and Ozzie on the back simultaneously.  "With SOHO Prime back on track, there's nothing more to do here but sit back and wait for the next reading."  
Ozzie watched as Diaz retreated to his office, watched through the half-glassed walls as Diaz pretended to work on the stack of reports on his desk.   
Reyes drops in 
Very little sleeping went on at the McBride-Richardson house that night.  Palmer wanted to know every minutia of my "trip" and I could think of nothing but.  By the time I had finished talking, there was nothing left to do but get washed up and report for classes.  To make matters worse, I nodded off on the subway, missed my stop and had to double back. Don't ask me how, but I managed to make it through my classes.  My plan to grab my snail-mail, log-on long enough to check my e-mail, then go home for a long shower, and an even longer nap was derailed almost at its inception.
"There's a man waiting for you outside of your office, Professor McBride," a worried Rosemary warns me as I pass her office on the way to mine.  Rosy's been department secretary forever.  She clucks after us like a mother hen, making sure we get three squares a day, take regular breaks, and have fresh coffee to keep those of us who drink it going.  She hands me a stack of envelopes.
I smile my thanks and flip through the mail.
"He's wearing a purple robe."  Her voice sounds hollow to my ears. My blood grows cold. Goosebumps form on my arms and the follicles at the base of my neck tighten.  My tongue seems like a sponge, swelling as it sops every drop of saliva from my mouth.  
"Molly," Rosy says, touching my elbow, "are you okay?"
"Yeah," I manage.  I peer around the door jamb of Rosy's office.  It's true—Reyes Prefect is sitting on the creaky, slat bench outside my office, hem of his ankle-length, mulberry tunic pooled around his feet, shoulder-length chestnut hair bound loosely at the nape of his neck.  His legs are crossed at the knees. One foot ticks nervously.  It's funny, really, when you think about it—he appears just as nervous as me. 
"Molly?"  Rosy asks once more.  "You should sit down, honey, you're white as a ghost."
I feel numb. She’s right. I should sit down.  Instead, I shake my head and ask, "Is Palmer in his office?"  It comes out little more than a whisper so I clear my throat.
"He's lecturing."  She looks down the hallway toward Reyes and waves. He smiles and waves back.  
"Is everything okay?" she asks.
"Can you try to reach him on his cell?" I can't explain it, but I need Palmer here at this very moment, though whether it's to share in the experience or protect me from it, I haven't figured out yet. 
"Dr. Richardson's left strict orders not to be disturbed during—"
"Can you try him anyway?"  I cut her off, and curse myself for being rude.  Rosy's more than just the secretary of the department—she's a friend and sounding-board, the last person I want to alienate around here.  "Please?"  I add, giving her my best puppy-dog eyes.
Rosy speed-dials on speaker-phone. I hear the recorded wireless operator as she confirms our suspicions about Palmer's availability.  "Shall I call security?" Rosy asks as she severs the connection.
At this point, Reyes stands and begins his approach.  He walks with purpose, taking slow, deliberate steps.  His face wears a relaxed expression.  When he's close enough to touch, he smiles and nods, maintaining eye contact.
"No, it's okay." I force a smile and try to look reassuring.
"Molly McBride Prefect," Reyes bellows.  He says my entire name as though it were a single word.
"Reyes," I say, almost a question.   
"We must speak."
I hold my hand out, motioning him back down the corridor toward my office.  "Text him, please?" I beseech Rosy.
"But his cell's off."
"He'll get it when he turns it back on.  Tell him it's regarding Gaia."
"Gaia?"
I spell it out for her.  "He'll know what it means."
Rosy shrugs and turns to her computer.

Reyes is the first to enter my office.  He stands in the middle of the floor awaiting direction.  I motion for him to sit in one of the two easy chairs opposite my desk, and then sit beside him.  The best approach is a pre-emptive strike, I decide.  I arrived on Gaia unannounced. I was trespassing. I circumvented their security system. When I was questioned for my transgressions, I eluded capture.  Misdemeanours at best, I know.  On Earth that might earn me a slap on the wrist or two. But on Gaia who knows?  For all I know, Reyes Prefect is some kind of trans-universe bounty hunter, come to bring me back to answer for my crimes. I brace myself for the worst.
"Molly McBride Prefect," he says.
"Just Molly, okay?"
Reyes nods.  "Please, what is this place?"
"What?  This place?" I ask, looking around the room.  "It's my office.  I come here whenever I want some privacy."
"We call them, 'chambers'. Thank you, but no, I mean this building, this institution."
"It's the University.  Like your prefecture, I think."
He nods and grins.  "Molly McBr...Molly, you must return to Gaia with me."
"I don't understand," I say, trying to play it cool.  
"For Symposium."
"For what?"
"Symposium," he says, confused, as though he can't believe I don't know what that is.  He adds, "In your honour," which makes the situation about as clear as glass with one hell of a wicked patina. 
"I don't understand," I say, squirming a little in my seat.  No matter how I try, I can't get comfortable.  I'm sure symposium is Gaian for trial.  "What's 'symposium'?" I ask.
"Symposium is a formal gathering of all the first and second prefects on the mass to discuss matters of import."
"And you'd like me to attend?"
"As the guest of honour, yes." 
I breathe a heavy sigh.  Not fugitive at large, but 'guest of honour'. How did I rate that? "I'm flattered, Reyes," I tell him. "Of course I'll attend.  Just let me know when and I'll—"
"Today. Now."
I can't go now.  I have papers to grade, classes to teach, lectures to prepare..."Right now," I ask, more of a statement than a question.
Reyes nods.  "First and second prefects from across the mass wait at this very moment for Symposium to begin."
"I'm sorry, Reyes, I can't just drop everything and go.  I have papers to grade," I reason, "and...and I'm meeting with students later this afternoon."  The next thing I say sounds even sillier coming out of my mouth than it does in my head:  "I can't just...leave the...planet without telling my husband where I'm going."  
Reyes simply grins.  For him, there is no debate.  The choice is simple—Symposium awaits.  "But you must.  The prefects.  They wait for you."  
I exaggerate a sigh which must sound like resignation to Reyes for he says, "The matter is settled?"  He nods with finality before I can respond, rapping on the arm of his chair with a fist like a gavel.  From his pocket he unfolds a black armband which sticks to itself with something that looks a lot like Velcro.  Affixed inside the armband is a silver disk roughly the size of a quarter. He fastens it around my arm just above the elbow.
I grab my suit jacket. Reyes touches the modulator with a pen-sized wand through the material. No sooner has he pocketed the wand than the effects of the shift take me by surprise.  First, the air begins to thicken and grow humid making breathing as difficult as shovel-shining1 on a late day in July, until it is like breathing through Jell-O and I feel as though I must gulp it down to remain conscious.  Black spots laced with silver threads grow rapidly, clouding my vision.  My only thought is to watch I don't hit my head on the way down, when the air begins to thin, the spots subside and I am on Gaia, in the same lecture hall as before. 
Reyes's hand rests on my shoulder.  "It is the effect of the shift," he tells me, "it will pass."
I take another deep breath and manage a smile.  
"Symposium awaits," he says. He stands by the lecture hall door and waits for me to pass.  I poke my head out into the corridor to witness a bustle of activity.  Students—Reyes had referred to them as 'disciples', didn't he?—primarily those in their teens and early twenties, both male and female, rush back and forth across the passageway.  Some carry books in their arms.  Others sling them over their shoulders in heavy satchels.  Each of them wears an unadorned tunic, identical, save for their colour.
As I watch, the older crowd thins and is replaced by one much younger, children of maybe six or seven through about ten. They wear the same tunics as the older students, but in miniature.  The group walks down the near empty corridor, double file.  I watch the children, focusing on each and every face as it passes. One child in particular takes hold of my attention over the others.  The child is female, about six or eight at most, hair the colour of coal hanging loose to a point midway down her back. Her henna-coloured skin is flawless, with the exception of a single scar, the shape of a crescent moon, half-way down on the side of her neck. 
I know this child. I have the distinct feeling I've seen her before.  Somewhere.
But how could I?  This is only my second junket to Gaia. The last time I was here, I saw no one save Reyes and Avatar. 
"Molly McBride?" Reyes says hoping to speed my exit from the room. "The prefects?"
My eyes lock on the girl's for a moment.  As she walks by, her head turns, watching me as I'm watching her.  My lips purse together to form a thin, almost smile as if to say, "Hi." She responds by breaking the gaze, facing forward once more. 
When the children pass, I follow them until Reyes softly says my name to indicate we have arrived at Symposium.
Symposium
Reyes leads me to a large hall decorated in fertile forest green.  Oversized, rectangular tables covered with spicy saffron cloths and accented with luscious aubergine woven napkins dominate the room.  People, mostly men, wearing tunics in a variety of jewel-tones, fill each and every seat around each and every table with only two exceptions. Two empty place-settings remain near the centre of the table on the podium at the head of the room.  
We enter and the tide of a sea of heads shifts in our direction.  A tumultuous wave of whispers grows, voices melding until almost deafening.  I pray my seat is somewhere at the back of the room, where I, too, can meld with the crowd, but no luck.  Just as I thought—the empty seats at the head table are for Reyes and me.  He leads me there, parading me in front of his peers. Though I'm wearing my best pantsuit, I can't help feel self-conscious, like some kind of freak show. I'm not dressed for the occasion—I forgot my bathrobe at home.   
We sit, and a multitude of prefects raise one hand in front of their faces and slap at the knuckles on the hand with the palm of the other.  Applause, maybe? 
The noise dies down somewhat and to my left, a man stands.  "Fellow prefects," he begins, voice reverberating through the room.  He speaks without the aid of a microphone.  With the acoustics here, he doesn't need one.  "We have called Symposium today to honour one person.  A visitor."  He nods at me and smiles before turning back to face the room.  "From another world."
The audience nods in agreement.  Some smile.  Others say, "Here, here."
"But before we begin," the man continues, "let us invoke the words of The Canon."
"Canon?" I whisper to Reyes.
"The words of sacred writ," he tells me.  I want to ask him more, but he holds a single finger to his lips, closes his eyes and bows his head, and I understand.
"Brethren," the man says. "Enlightenment is the key to all worth. Knowledge is absolute. We gather today to exchange dogma, to rebuild old connections and to forge others anew. Today, we pray for fruitful illumination, for unerring elucidation, and for the speedy resolve of Mother Gaia's unrest. Knowledge is truth; understanding divine."
The prefects mumble as they parrot the phrase, "Knowledge is truth; understanding divine," in lieu of a collective 'amen'. They raise their heads. Some of them clear their throats.      
"For generations now," the man continues as he breaks the relative silence, "we have known of the existence of this other world, this...Earth, though few have crossed the boundary between our world and theirs. But today, one traveler has journeyed across the gap.  And it is in her honour in which we gather.  And it is in her honour in which we will audit and review, scan and scrutinize, recapitulate, and quite possibly, revise our current stance on relations between the two worlds.  
"For in our guest, we have been given a formidable opportunity.  And in response to that opportunity, we must revisit public policies, such as The Pact, in light of the wisdom our guest will impart."
Wisdom?  I have to impart wisdom?  I don't have to speak, do I? I look toward the man. He smiles subtly and nods to his audience.  The knuckle slapping resumes.  He turns to me and gives me the same nod and smile before returning to his seat. 
Gradually, the applause dies down and the man at the end of the table to my right stands.  "Thank you, Goren Prefect," the man says. 
Goren Prefect nods in his direction.
"I am Amish Prefect, no stranger to most prefects.  I have been selected for the honour of chairing this evening's Symposium.  My fellow Gaians, it feels extraordinary to be here."  
More knuckle slapping applause follows.  Amish Prefect (pronounced Ay-mish) continues to speak about the tradition of Symposium and I listen for a while, intent on learning as much as I can about this place, so I can give Palmer a full report when I return.  
Palmer.  Now I've done it.  I was okay until I thought about him.  Now I wish he were here.  I ache for him.  I can't help but think of anything but him.  Where he is right now, what he's doing at this very minute; I miss him. 
The applause resumes.  I realize I've missed most of Amish Prefect's speech pining for Palmer.  Focus, Molly, focus.   
Amish introduces the next speaker and Symposium continues.

The history of Gaia, I learn, is parallel to that of Earth until about 100 or so B.C.E. which roughly corresponds to the Greco-Roman period in history. History unfolded similarly in antiquity on both planets:  the Greek Empire was swallowed up by the Roman. Whereas on Earth, the Roman Empire fell sometime around 5 B.C.E., on Gaia, the era prevailed until the middle ages, almost 1,000 years later. This is where the divergent cultural evolution of the planets is most greatly felt.  Gaia continued on a path of literary and educational enlightenment, whereas Earth continued on the path which brought us to where we are today. On Gaia, cities evolved around educational institutions, similar to university towns, only much larger.  Called "prefectures", the cities became cultural and civic centres, providing the outskirts, the land between prefectures, with their political and academic leaders.  The areas between prefectures came to be known as "The Infs", as people living there were responsible for maintaining the infrastructure of both the prefecture proper, the buildings housing the actual educational institution, as well as the surrounding city, the prefecture in general.  This symbiotic relationship was one that had become institutionalized over the millennia.
About seventy-five years prior, a technique known as terraforming was developed, the process by which scientists were able to transform the planet, moulding it into something designed neither by hand of Nature nor by whim of tectonic plate movement, but by man. Terraforming was eventually adopted as an art form. Contests were held in which teams, composed of scientists and terrasculptors, vied to have their creation declared the most beautifully constructed landscape on the continent.
In the Gaian process of terraforming, clouds containing billions of minute, self-regulating drones, what we would call nanites, are released into the atmosphere over the area to be transformed.  Each drone is pre-programmed as to range, and function. For example, if the goal is to improve the air quality in a particular area, a small army of  drones would be programmed to release positive ions into the air to target pre-determined negative ions—anything from toxins to diseases to pollution—and eliminate them.  In this way, they worked sort of like a collective air ionizer. Each drone is programmed to carry out its task and then fall to a pre-determined location where it de-activates.  At the end of the terraforming process, the debris is collected and recycled into the next generation of drones.  Drones could be programmed to do anything from collecting and moving earth or water, to purification of same, to landscaping. 
Shortly after widespread terraforming was adopted worldwide, people started reporting strange experiences.  Each report had a similar sequence of events:  a person suddenly found himself in a different location, one in which the people acted and dressed differently than was common on Gaia.  After a short while, they found themselves in the exact same spot as before the experience.  Like alien abduction reports on Earth, each person told not only of the same sequence of events, but reported the same sensations during and after the experience.  Always reporting the same smells in the air, the same unusual clothing, the same types of strange vehicles and technology.  Also like alien abduction reports on Earth, some scientists took it upon themselves to investigate.
The phenomenon, it was determined, was due to random shifts in the planet's phase, which manifested themselves over small areas.  The more scientists studied the phenomenon, the more they learned about the random occurrences, as well as the strange place people reported being taken to when swept up in an anomaly.  Ultimately, scientists were able to predict where and when a random shift would occur. Once they were able to do that, they attempted to induce random phase shifts at will.  Eventually, they were successful.
According to Motar Prefect, open trade was established between Gaia and the other planet, called Earth, the exchange of scholarship and technology being the primary concern.
Before long, scientists charged with monitoring the frequency of the random shifts noticed a spike in their occurrence. Through Symposium, it was determined the most probable cause in the increase in frequency of random phase shifts was due to the increase in  frequency of deliberate phase shifts.  A moratorium was declared on all deliberate phase shifting.  Likewise, since it was determined the whole phenomenon of phase shifting had not come about prior to the advent of terraforming, a moratorium was also declared on terraforming, until such time as a method might be found for each which would be less harmful to Gaia and her people. Thus was born "The Pact", a document adhered to world-wide, the contents of which prevented deliberate contact with any other world, a radical but necessary move if Gaians were to save their planet. Any person caught breaking the integrity of The Pact would find himself heavily fined, imprisoned, or put to death, depending on the severity of the infraction. According to Motar's story, the threat of punishment, corporeal or otherwise, seemed to have a lot more bite on Gaia than on Earth.  To their knowledge, no one had yet to break the integrity of The Pact, nor, he surmised, would anyone anytime in the future. 
The Pact was drafted sometime after Reyes Prefect Senior's visit with Dr. Spencer Prescott, but before Reyes Prefect Junior and I were born. In fact, Reyes Senior was instrumental in both the formulation and ratification of the Pact.  While the frequency of random shifts slowed somewhat after the ban on terraforming and deliberate shifting, they nevertheless continued, roughly unabated.
Enter me.  I suddenly appear on the face of Gaia one day, in direct violation of a decades old law with teeth. Avatar, the Prefecture's equivalent of a guard dog, alerts Reyes who comes to find me.  Lucky for me, the prefects see me as more of an emissary than a threat.  The scientists have come to the conclusion that the solution to the random shifts lies somewhere on Earth.  They figure if we pool our knowledge, together we can find a solution as to how to put an end to random shifting.

Luncheon begins after Motar's speech. Bowls of fresh fruit are placed at regular intervals on the table.  Reyes helps himself to something resembling a small, black plum.  He takes a bite and then offers me the bowl.  I also take a plum.  The skin of the fruit is taught.  It yields to my teeth with a snap.  Beneath the sour skin is soft, fibrous, yet juicy flesh. I like my fruit hard, as a rule, like an apple, slightly under-ripe and tart.   I struggle to chew and swallow this particular fruit even as I use my tongue to work out a piece of it stuck between my front teeth. 
It's hard to eat gracefully when you're being watched.  The only parallel I can think of that even comes close is a wedding dinner, one in which the bride and groom are forced to show their table manners in front of their entire family, all their friends, and a few strangers. When Palmer and I got married, I dropped my fork on the floor during the salad course and knocked over a water goblet nearly soaking Palmer's tuxedo jacket through and through.  During the main course, I wore gravy on my cheek until Palmer wiped it off.  Okay, so he kissed it off, but lord only knows how long it was there before he did or how many people besides my new husband noticed I was a slob. I swear anyone responsible for dreaming up the etiquette behind dressing someone in white from head to toe and forcing her to eat a multi-course meal under the scrutiny of a hundred or so people had to have been a sadist.  And male.   
The salad course is next, something akin to mesclun mix, which I love, only a little on the peppery side. The dressing tastes like sweet raspberries with a touch of balsamic.  The salad is followed by a cheese and olive platter served with rustic bread, sliced and served on the side, with a ramekin of something that tastes like slightly pungent herbed butter.  This is followed by the main course—chunks of pickled bean curd and onion and some kind of white-flesh meat with more sliced bread. The meal is washed down with a watered-down wine and fruit concoction reminiscent of sangría. 
I start off skewering small, random morsels of cheese and then bean curd with my two-pronged fork, but soon follow Reyes's lead, ripping off small chunks of bread, and layering them with bean curd and onion and some of the remaining bits of cheese, finishing each miniature open-faced sandwich in two or three small bites in between requisite gulps of wine.
The meal is followed by another fruit course.
I'm still masticating a rather large mouthful of tart, firm, Granny-Smith-like fruit when Goren reclaims the dais.
"Fellow prefects," he begins, "we give thanks for the bountiful harvest which we have partaken." The prefects offer up a round of muted applause, Gaian style. "Prefects:  I give you our guest of honour."  He points at me with outstretched hand.
I half-stand and nod, murmuring thanks for the applause.  
No sooner have I settled back into my chair than Reyes grins at me and nods in the direction of the podium.  
I stare at him, dumbfounded for a moment, deafened by the applause, until I realize he means for me to take the podium.  No, I tell him, by shaking my head and tightening the muscles behind my eyebrows. 
Before I know it, Goren's standing behind me, hand planted firmly at my elbow. He tugs upward, but gently so, until I stand.  Maintaining a light, yet firm grip, he leads me toward the dais. Slowly the applause tapers to silence and I'm left alone and exposed at the front of the auditorium, experiencing the naked in a crowd nightmare for real. 
There is a popular misconception that teachers are comfortable speaking in front of a crowd, any crowd.  The truth of the matter is there's a quantifiable difference between addressing a group of students and addressing a group of one's peers.  There's also a measurable difference between an impromptu address and a practiced one.  And so now I find myself the object of the gaze of at least a thousand eyes, a reluctant guest of honour, ill-dressed and unprepared. 
"Thank you," I manage.  It comes out as barely a whisper.  I clear my throat and try it again, hoping the acoustics of the room will work for me as well as they did for Goren.  "Thank you.  Really.  I'm flattered.  Really, I am." The room remains quiet, so I attempt to fill the awkward silence.  "If there's anything I can ever do to help, anything at all, I want you all to know I'm willing to do whatever I can. Thank you." Relief comes in the form of applause and I begin to make my way back to my seat, but Goren intercepts me and re-directs me to the dais.
He leans over my shoulder and projects, "The Podium recognizes Trelon Prefect, Second Prefect of Mexus Prefecture."
 A woman with wavy russet hair that reaches below the breastbone stands.  Her robe is the same colour as Reyes's.  Didn't Reyes say he was Second Prefect as well?  Is that what the colours mean? Rich purple equals Second Prefect? Deep turquoise equals First?
"Matron," Trelon begins, "what exactly do you propose?"
What do I propose about what? "Well, I'm not sure," I stammer.  Think fast, Moll, think fast. "I guess I'd have to learn more about the situation, and take it from there." Can I go now?  
"The Podium recognizes Zesahr Prefect."
"Matron? How do you defend the accusation your planet is at fault for the increase in random shifts?"
"My planet?" I say, incredulous.
"Those who bear witness report horrific accounts of poisoned air and water, of great wastelands, of—"
"Your own prefect just testified terraforming was to blame—"
"These are our transgressions. We freely admit our culpability in the matter. How can you not do the same? Admit culpability? Take some degree of ownership? How dare you and your kind lay the blame solely at our feet?"
"Enough, Goren!" I hear Reyes whisper angrily. "She was brought here as emissary, not as lamb for the slaughter."
I look to Reyes and Goren, my eyes silently begging rescue. I want to go home. Dear God, when can I go home?
"Goren!" Reyes says once more.
At last Goren nods, rises, takes the podium. "Zesahr," he shakes his head. “Hardly in the vein of building bridges, Zesahr, really," Goren mumbles. The congregation responds with a short but quiet burst of laughter, initiated by Zesahr himself before he takes his seat.
I mouth silent thanks to Reyes for coming to my rescue.
"Thank you to Matron Molly McBride, emissary to Gaia from our sister planet, Earth," Goren says. I hold my breath as I pass Goren on the way back to my seat. Once there, I fall into my chair and take a deep breath.
There is sporadic applause and then Goren dismisses the group. Rather than stand and exit immediately as do most of the prefects, I wait for Reyes's lead.
Reyes downs the last of his sangria and stands rather abruptly.  I look up at him.  "Wait here," he tells me.  "This will only take a moment." I watch as he approaches Goren.  The two men have a brief conversation which starts off amicably but ends with Goren fuming and Reyes glum. 
"Please, Molly McBride, let us retire to my room for further discussion."

After Symposium
"This map," I tell Reyes, "I've seen it before." We are back in Reyes's classroom.  At the front of the room hangs a large pull-down map which is an exact enlargement of the map from Stanley's collection, the one inside the small, silver case.
"It is a map of Selene," he tells me, a.k.a. the Gaian counterpart to the continent of North America.
"What happened to California?" I ask.
"I do not know this word: 'California'."
"The south-west coast. Over here." I run my finger along the coastline.  There is a shallow bay extending almost as far north as Oregon, south to San Diego and inland almost as far as Nevada.  In other words, most of California is missing.
"You recall the discussion of terraforming at Symposium?" Reyes asks me.
"Yes.  Of course I do."
"That area was prone to tectonic activity.  Nearly a hundred kalend cycles ago, a rather large seismic event occurred in that region of the mass."
"The Great San Francisco Earthquake of 1906," I offer.
"Earthquake," Reyes repeats as if he's never heard the term before, and I suppose he hasn't. "Yes. As it goes, the prefecture perished.  Many lives were lost, Gods bestow them. Our scientists posited another seismic event was imminent in the next century or two.
"With the advent of terraforming, we were able to prevent the seismic event from occurring. Save lives."  
A pre-emptive strike against Mother Nature.  The thought was both brilliant and horrifying at once.  Plagued by tsunamis in South East Asia?  Terraform the region away.  Land dispute over Palestine getting out of control?  Terraform it with the wisdom of Solomon.
"You disapprove, Molly McBride Prefect." Either Reyes is an astute reader of body language or I'm more bothered by the notion of prophylactic terraforming than I'm willing to admit. "It is but fitting.  It is these same feckless actions which have created this situation. As I am sure you are aware, both terraforming and willful shifting has proven toxic to our planet. As a posit, the proscription against shifting is a solution.  Seemingly the solution. But a poultice only works when applied not only in sufficient quantity, but with sufficient duration."
It takes a moment to decode what Reyes is trying to say.  "You're telling me people still haven't stopped shifting to Earth?" Reyes neither confirms nor denies my hypothesis.  From inside his tunic he withdraws a small, silver object and hands it to me. "What is this?" I take it from him and examine it.
"It is a Geo-link handset."
"It looks like my iPhone."
"iPhone?"
"My cell phone."
“Cell?”
“Short for cellular telephone.”  My brain busies itself trying to think of how I might explain Bluetooth technology and the Apple conglomerate to him, when Reyes shakes his head. To my relief he asks for no further clarification. 
"My purpose in giving you the handset is two-fold. Primarily, it is to answer your last question.
"Secondarily, it is to assist us in learning more about the reciprocal planet.  
“Inside the handset is a phase modulator.  Ensconced on the handset are a series of dates. When you return to Earth, you are asked to query similar dates to determine if events, seismic or man-made, have occurred."
"I don't understand.  Why would an earthquake on Earth have anything to do with what's happening on Gaia?"
"Our planets were once one.  They occupy the same space-time.  As a result, our scientists posit they are inextricably linked.  It is sound positing to assume that a scourge on one planet might affect the other." Reyes stands, nears me and says, "Molly McBride Prefect, can you think of anything on your world—anything—that might put it at risk?" 
As far as human activity on Earth that might put the planet at risk, I could think of about a thousand. "Well...yeah," I said, like, 'duh'. "Pollution. The Greenhouse effect. Fossil fuel gas emissions. Factories releasing toxic fumes into the air and chemicals into the water.  I could go on?"
I half expect Reyes to say, "Please do." Instead he waves a hand to dismiss the question. "These ills must be cured if we are to avoid Cataclysm. If our planets are to survive."
"Cataclysm?" I ask. 
"The pitch of our planet's phase resonance is shifting.  For decades it has been believed the shift is to a phase pitch closer to that of Earth's.  Physics tells us only one mass may occupy any given space-time while emitting a single phase resonance. The posit is that at some point in the future—possibly the near future—Gaia's phase resonance will become synchronous with that of Earth's. This is the time of Cataclysm, when the two worlds collide.  We must do all that is in our power to prevent Cataclysm from occurring." 
On Earth, pretty much every culture has some sort of flood myth. Divergent cultural evolution aside, it stands to reason every human culture would tell of Armageddon as well.  On Earth, the fabled "End of Days" is heavily mired in the Judeo-Christian belief system. On Gaia, however, the concept is rooted in scientific fact.     "I don't know, Reyes. I can check these dates for you, but other than that..."
The thought was sobering.  Two planets on a collision course, each one relying on the other to survive.  My students, conspiracy theorists all, believe the technology for cleaner burning vehicles, electric and hydrogen, exists, but the government is blocking it from wide-spread distribution because of what it might mean for the infrastructure of our planet.  Entire economic systems could be devastated as the result of releasing the new technology—gas stations made obsolete, manufacturing plants having to re-tool to meet the new demand—and that isn't all.  What about the money needed to replace coal-burning and nuclear-based power plants? Or the question of how to go about changing the mindset of billions of people who're reluctant to turn down or turn off their central air, even after the blackout of north-east North America in summer 2003 indicated we were in trouble. These are the real questions behind the issue.
"Look, Reyes," I say, "I'm only one person.  If you're telling me the reason your planet is in danger is because of what's happening on mine, I don't see what I can do to help. Our planet is different than yours. We're not so amenable to change.  All I can do is police myself, recycle and compost, you know? Use public transportation instead of driving.  I can't make others do the same."
I wonder if Reyes understands even half of what I've said. He looks at me, eyes thawing with his sympathetic smile.  He places a hand on mine.  "Small advances, Molly McBride Prefect," he says, in an effort to calm me. "Small advances."
I want to tell him that even in baby steps, I have no power to change the world.  I mean, I teach, and as a result, I imagine, on some level, I am changing the world in some way shape or form, no matter how small. But to change an entire planet?  I'm still having trouble training Palmer to toss his pop cans and water bottles in the blue box instead of the trash can. If I can't change the mindset of one man while we're living under the same roof, then how could I possibly be expected to change the mindset of billions globally? I open my mouth to speak, but Reyes cuts me off.
"These things I speak of, they're merely posits. Ideas that may or may not have any base. Find correlations for the dates first, Molly McBride Prefect.  We shall see what evolves from there."
I nod, in agreement.  At this point, Reyes's doomsday predictions are no different than modern day interpretations of the work of Nostradamus. Freaking out now would be like preparing for the end of the world based on a message discovered reading every eighteenth letter of the Talmud. Without date correlations, without concrete scientific proof, Reyes's posits were just that—posits—theories—and nothing else.
"Are you well?"
"I'm okay," I lie, stomach churning.
"Very well then. Enough about your commission.  I understand you have an interest in archaic civilizations. This...what did you call what you do?"
"Archaeology."
"Yes. This Archaeology.  I have arranged for something you might like, then."
Reyes bids me to go with him.  He leads me out of his classroom, down the hall, and outside the building.  The Prefecture grounds are devoid of people.  The grass glows emerald, the same colour as the leaves on the trees, so vibrant it’s hyper-real. A series of charcoal grey, two-seater cars await in the circular drive in front of the building. Reyes opens the passenger-side door of the nearest one. He waits until I get in and then crosses over to the driver's side. A button press starts the engine. It comes to life with the cadence of an electronic hum. He takes a moment to type co-ordinates using a touch screen on the dash.  The car is steered with a rudder-like control, instead of a steering wheel. "Nice car," I tell him. He looks at me like I'm speaking a foreign language.  It occurs to me, maybe I am. "I like your vehicle," I tell him.
"Appreciated.  But it is not mine, at least, not entirely."
"I don't follow."
"The vehicles are a form of civic transportation. Citizens in the Greater Prefecture Area are welcome to use them as long as they do their part in the greater good.  This can mean participation in anything as long as it contributes to maintaining the infrastructure of the area. Few people are denied the privilege of their use."
As Reyes speaks to me, the car lurches into action.  He uses the rudder control to join the traffic stream, and then flips a toggle switch on the dash. The car moves forward, speed ebbing and flowing with the pool of traffic. I get the idea the vehicle uses auto-pilot to arrive at its destination.  Once he has flipped the switch, he keeps his eyes on me instead of the road. Not once does Reyes busy himself with the drudgeries of defensive driving.
I broach the topic with Reyes and he begins a long-winded explanation of how the cars work.  In a nutshell, the vehicles are equipped with lightweight, electric engines and simple rudder steering to direct them while on the road. Embedded in the road are a series of very powerful magnets. The cars are equipped with similar magnets of opposite polarization. Once the system has been switched from electric to magnetic, the cars are propelled forward by magnetic resistance in a virtual hover over the road. The wheels remain in contact with the asphalt, but barely so.  In this way, the system is similar to magnetic levitation—maglev—systems on Earth, only on a much larger scale. Cars travel forward at the same perpetual speed, which I guess to be about sixty clicks. A snail's pace, considering maglevs on Earth can reach speeds about seven times faster than that.  
Reyes is just about finished talking when the dashboard blips.  "We have arrived," he announces.  He takes the car off autopilot and slides it into place alongside the curb with only a few deft pivots of the rudder. The hum of the electric engine cuts out and Reyes opens his door to exit.  I do the same.  
"This is our destination," Reyes says, sweeping an arm in the direction of a large, three-storey building of grey hewn stone. Stained-glass set in gothic-style windows breaks the cold facade at regular intervals.  A majestic stairway leads to two sets of wooden doors with frosted glass inserts. 
"What is this place?" I ask.
"This is The Antiquary."
"The Antiquary?"
Reyes nods.
"Reyes?" I ask. "What's an antiquary?"
"It houses artifacts from past human civilizations on Gaia.  Our Antiquarians have much the same job as you, Molly McBride Prefect:  they gather archaic remains the world over, revitalize and sustain them so future generations may admire the scholarship which once was."
I can't help but laugh.  I've never heard it described in such poetic terms. "It's a museum," I tell him. "Thank you, Reyes.  For doing this for me."
"It is but my contentment.
"Now," he advises me, "you are in possession of your Geo-link?" I show it to him. "They are expecting you." He holds his hand out to indicate he wants the Geo-link. Once in his hand, he presses a series of icons on the screen and I am struck again by the similarity between my iPhone and the handset.  Reyes's riddle about the poultice back at the Prefecture comes to mind. How did it go? A poultice applied both in sufficient quantity and duration?  The ban on shifting would only solve Gaia's problem if it were followed by enough people for a long enough period of time.  Then he gave me the handset in answer to my question about people still shifting to Earth, had said it was in answer to my question.  The more I think about it, the more I'm sure:  the handset is more than similar to an iPhone. It practically is an iPhone. Palmtop computers like the modern touch screen cells have only been popular for about two or three years, palmtop technology about ten or fifteen at best.  This means, at least in the last two decades or so, people were still orchestrating shifts to Earth or vice versa. Reyes wanted me to check the dates stored in the handset not to implicate Earth, but rather, to rule it out as catalyst.
"You must show them this for entrance," Reyes tells me. On the monitor is a letter from the Prefecture indicating I'm with them and they should let me in. He takes the handset from me once more.
"Keep the handset with you throughout the building.  It will give you access to information integrated in each diorama. When you wish to return to the Prefecture, enter a civ vehicle and press this sequence of images on the control monitor. It will bring you back to the Prefecture Proper—" 
"I can't drive one of those things," I tell him. I sense the onset of another anxiety rush.
Reyes places a hand on my shoulder.  I close my eyes and imagine it's Palmer trying to calm me instead of a relative stranger.  It almost works, but then Reyes speaks and the fantasy dissolves. "Small movements with your hand on the steering mechanism.  The wheels pivot to allow virtual sideways movement.  Ease the vehicle into the passage when there is a break in the flow.  Toggle the switch to enact intuitive mode."
"I don't know—"
"You were able to bridge the gap on your own, Molly McBride Prefect.  Who is better suited to figure out how to manoeuvre something simple as a civ vehicle?  Conjointly, returning to the Prefecture Proper is not your only option.  You may, if you wish, return to Earth whenever you so choose. But if you do, you must remember to simultaneously enact the modulator within the handset as you deactivate your own." Reyes turns, crosses in front of the car that brought us here, and opens the driver's side door.  
"When you have completed your research on Earth, simply re-activate your modulator and de-activate the one in the handset.  The modulators have been primed to return to my chambers.
"Good-bye, Molly McBride Prefect.  Until next we meet." Reyes climbs into the car.  I watch as the car edges itself sideways into the break in oncoming traffic. He waves at me once, through the passenger-side window, before his car accelerates and disappears in the distance.
Once more I find myself alone on an unfamiliar planet, only this time the license to explore is stored in a file on my Geo-link handset. As I’ve said before, archaeology is a sub-discipline of anthropology, the study of the cultural development of human beings, and the rituals and belief systems groups of like-minded people use to make sense of the world around them. It is also about the way the same groups mould the environment and their surroundings to fit their world view. In front of me is a building at least as large as the ROM, warehousing the history of an entire planet of people who seem to have developed an entirely different social and economic base than the one with which I'm familiar. This could be interesting.   
Goren and Reyes Caucus
Reyes arrived at his Prefecture chambers to a summoning.  Three summonings, actually, each one direr than the one previous. Goren insisted on seeing him.  In his chambers. Time was of the essence. Reyes frowned.  Goren had always been insufferable, but he'd been more so as of late. Especially since Molly McBride's arrival on Gaia.
As he listened to Goren's voice grow more and more agitated with each summoning stored in his Geo-link inventory, another came in. Time to incubate the egg and see what hatches, Reyes supposed. 
Goren Prefect was bellowing into his handset when Reyes arrived. He abruptly ended the transmission when he noticed Reyes standing in the doorway to his chambers. "At last," Goren said. The men looked at each other for a moment.  Reyes stood his ground, gauging the situation.  Goren had summoned him, of this much he was sure.  Whether or not he was, in truth, welcome was a squid with a different colour ink. "Well, come in," Goren said, planting himself behind his work table. "And close the door behind you."
Reyes complied.  Reluctantly, he seated himself in one of the chairs opposite Goren across the table. Nardus-scent hung thick in the air and he breathed deeply of it.
"You gave her the handset?" 
Reyes nodded in reply, without emotion. He took umbrage at being summoned like this, forced to answer to this man who took his position of power to heart and was unafraid to exact said power with the precision of a surgeon.  
"You still protest the implantation of the tracking device."
"Molly McBride Prefect is our guest, our ally.  You do not spy on your allies, Goren. It is unethical."
"Listen to you, Reyes, unilaterally bestowing upon her our highest honour (Molly McBride Prefect, indeed). It is you who is unethical."
Reyes stared at the man. "It is a term denoting respect of which she is due," he defended.
Goren leaned his elbows on the work table and steepled his fingers. "You indulge her, Reyes," he said softly, less of an accusation than the statement prior, more like fatherly advice. "It will be your undoing."
"I am simply extending a hand to a friend, Goren," Reyes told him.  "A friend to all of us."
"She is not our friend, Reyes." Goren marked the word ‘not’ by percussing his work table with an open hand.  "Her very presence here threatens our way of life." 
"She is a friend of Dr. Prescott Prefect.  This makes her our friend, as well." 
"Prescott was a thief and a liar.  He took the phase modulator and he swore—swore!—he would destroy it upon his return.  He did not do that, now did he? Her very presence here threatens the sanctity of The Pact.  If the populous knew she were here—"
"If the populous knew she were here they would respect her appearance as a learning experience—"
"The greater body of prefects does know she is here and they are not all quickening at the idea.   
"You give that woman free reign of the mass—bestowing her with a Geo-link handset, showing her how to use civ vehicles, dropping her at The Antiquary—"
"Molly McBride Prefect is—"
"You are not in a position to bestow such an honour on that woman as ‘Prefect’," Goren warned.  "She is an outsider!"  
"She is a scholar of humanity," Reyes said proudly, "which is a noble discipline."
"Do not confuse affinity with honour.  You—above all else—understand the need to maintain the sanctity of The Pact.  The integrity of The Pact must be maintained at all costs.  This...McBride.  She poses a threat to all we hold dear in this world."
"Do not lecture me on the sanctity of The Pact," Reyes said, much angrier than before.  He took a deep breath before continuing on a calmer tact. "My father was instrumental in the drafting of The Pact."
"Your father was instrumental in orchestrating the need for The Pact"
Reyes was incensed.  How dare this man sully the reputation of his father in such a manner? Once a man expires, all that is left is his reputation. "You above all else are aware these random shifts in phase are a natural phenomenon," Reyes said. "My father, a sage who was respected in this world and will be in the next, knew the only way to prevent the phenomenon was to find out what precipitated its occurrence.  He knew if he could induce the occurrence of the phenomenon at will it would provide the key as to how to prevent future occurrences.  And make no mistake—these random shifts affect both worlds. Molly McBride Prefect—"
Goren grumbled something indistinguishable; Reyes continued.  "Molly McBride is respected on her world.  And she has stated a desire to help us—" 
"She is the harbinger," Goren exclaimed, pointing toward the door leading from his chambers to the corridor. "She will bring about the end to all we hold dear on this world. She cannot help us." Goren stood and began quickly pacing the room, pausing only to spit accusations. "She is from a world where they mar the earth to excavate precious minerals which fuel their vehicles and poison the very air they breathe.  Science is used to construct materials which do not occur in nature and which cannot be consumed by the earth.  Whole areas of cities must be designated as dumping grounds, used to store materials in perpetuity as a result.  On her world, environmental altruism waxes and wanes according to the currency value with which it has been tagged.  
"She cannot help her own world, what makes you think she can help ours?" When he was done, Goren loomed over Reyes, challenging.
Reyes accepted the provocation. "You are a fool if you believe this phenomenon to be unique to our world," he said, shooting out of his seat. "These shifts in phase are inextricably linked to Molly McBride's world.  Every account, every, has described the same or similar circumstances.  My father sought to find the cause of the shifts.  While he understood the theory of how they worked and he was able to enact the phenomenon at will, he failed in the one area that really mattered.  The key to preventing any further occurrence is to be found in learning what precipitates a natural occurrence."
"Maybe," Goren said, thoughtfully, but then he shook his head. "It is yet to be proven if her corners are square." His voice had softened measurably since he had last spoken.  Goren seemed to ponder his own last comment for a moment.  At last he began to nod his head. "Your task then is to monitor McBride's data port access through her handset tracking device. Let her actions determine her morality." Goren settled back behind his work table. "I expect detailed reports on the half hour.  Discoveries of import should be reported the moment they occur and not a moment later."
Reyes nodded. He had bought Molly McBride's freedom on the planet, at least for the time being.
"That is all," Goren said in lieu of dismissal.   

At the Antiquary
The interior of the Antiquary is comprised of interminable, labyrinthine, wainscoted corridors strategically spot-lit so as to illuminate closeted dioramas hidden in recesses and corners.  The exception is where the corridors intersect.  In these places, narrow, dark passageways open onto brightly lit halls with a smattering of glass display cases and recessed dioramas around a theme.  Which theme exactly, is anyone's guess, as none of the displays or dioramas have signage of any kind.  There's neither plaque, nor placard, nor label anywhere to be seen in any of the exhibits I visit.  That inconvenience aside, The Antiquary is an amazing way to spend an afternoon.  Half of the fun is in the intrigue of exploration and the thrill of discovery.  With this floor plan, patrons are taken by surprise whenever they happen upon an exhibit. 
Take this room for example. In front of me is a timeline of human evolution.  It looks pretty much the same as ours on Earth, composed of the usual specimens:  Australopithecus, Homo erectus and Neanderthals, followed by Cro-Magnon and modern Homo sapiens.  I studied physical anthropology and the theory of evolution during my undergrad—I had a crush on the professor teaching the course and so was motivated to pay attention—and I remember quite a few of the finds and what they look like by rote, like "Lucy", for instance, still hailed as the most complete Australopithecus afarensis skeleton to date; "Beijing Man", the Homo erectus skull from Zhoukoudian near Beijing, China; or the juvenile Taung child skull, the object of much debate and mud-slinging in the early part of the last century.  But that's on Earth.  Studying the examples on the Gaian timeline, I'm able to identify most specimens based on exterior landmarks of the skeletal remains, but the actual finds are different, which kind of makes sense.  On a different planet with different people digging in different locations, it stands to reason investigations would yield different specimens.  
"Have you a Geo-link handset?" a young man of about twenty or so asks me.  He is tall and solidly built with blonde hair framing a chiseled face highlighting eyes so blue they border on violet.
"I'm sorry?" He’s taken me by surprise and I can't think of another way to respond.
"You've been studying the exhibits.  Forgive me, but I've been watching you for a while now, and not once have you initiated a data link.  You're really missing quite a bit of information without the data link."
Of course.  The missing signage is accessed via data link, initiated with the Geo-link handset.  How in God's name I was supposed to do that was beyond me.
"I'm Samkin Tailor," the man offers, filling the silence which threatens to become quite awkward.  "People call me 'Sam'. I come here often to study.  I'm a candidate.  For the Prefecture." He pauses for a moment, barely enough time for me to respond to anything he's said, not that I'd know how to respond, even if I had anything to say.  Suddenly, Samkin holds up a hand forming a 'stop' gesture.  "I know what you're thinking: grand ambitions for a tailor's son, right? My father was the tailor.  Nothing wrong breaking with tradition come the next generation, now is there?" He looks at me for a moment before he asks my name.  I tell him.
"Forgive me, but what exactly is a McBride?"   
It takes me a moment to realize what he's asking me.  I really don't know what a McBride is, or what one might do.  I tell Sam this and then add, "I'm kind of a prefect." 
"So you do have a Geo-link handset, then."
I fish the handset out of my pocket and hand it to Sam who begins selecting icons on the handset's display screen.
"Forgive me, Sam, but you don't sound like any of the prefects I've met so far."
"My speech.  I know.  I speak a lower version of Verse.  It's something my Lead Prefect has told me I must work on to survive candidacy."  He selects a few more icons and then gives it back to me. Like most cell phones, there is an infrared sensor at one end of the handset.  Sam shows me how to point it at the infrared port on the museum diorama and which icon to press and the diorama comes to life.
Prior to meeting Sam, the display was lifeless, a series of plaster casts of various skeletal remains sitting dully on a number of podiums, arranged in chronological order according to the era of each animal's evolution.  Now, one by one, each piece of bone is animated in turn.  I watch as the first skull grows holographic muscle and skin and then rotates a full three hundred and sixty degrees on its podium.  Following that, the hologram grows a body, a three-dimensional representation of what Gaians believe the animal to have looked like when alive.  The three-D body comes away from the skull on the podium and it, too, rotates full circle.  Lastly, for its magnum opus, the hominid looks me square in the eye and takes a series of steps toward me, leaving the diorama behind.  Once more it rotates a full three hundred and sixty degrees before vanishing into thin air.  It takes almost a full five minutes for each specimen on the Gaian human evolutionary line to cycle through its trip down the runway.
When the last specimen has finished, the gallery is once more still.  Sam takes the handset from me and instructs me how to find and scroll through a series of files the data link has downloaded into its memory.  There are at least a half dozen hypertext files, similar to web pages, complete with full colour photos. "If you see something you like, you can capture the image here." He shows me which icons to press and where I can find the lens. "You try," he says, and he passes me the handset.
"Say cheese," I say, and take a picture of him.
Sam cocks his head to one side and opens his mouth to, I surmise, ask about the expression.
"Never mind," I say, and proceed to stammer through my thanks to Sam and my acclamations for the artisan of the light show I've just witnessed and the technology that allowed it to happen.  Sam seems non-phased by the experience, like it's as commonplace for him as the telephone and television are for me.
Regarding the Gaian evolutionary timeline, and according to the files recently beamed to my handset, someone other than a Leakey discovered hominid footprints, though elsewhere in Africa than Laetoli.  Lucy had yet to be discovered, though several of her siblings had, in and around Hadar, Ethiopia. Because there was no Darwin on Gaia, and the caste system was not based on wealth, or the colour of one's skin, there was no such thing as Social Darwinism, and therefore no need for something like Piltdown to ever have existed on this planet.
When at last I look up from my handset, Sam is gone. I continue wandering through the corridors of The Antiquary alone.
At the next intersection of passageways is what looks to be the gallery of ancient Egypt.
According to the handset data link, the Gaians were aware of the tertiary brotherhood of the Giza plateau, the pyramids of Khafre, Khufu, Menkaure, and the Sphinx. (How could you not know of mammoth structures towering over an otherwise sand-worn landscape?)  These remains were in better states of preserve on Gaia—possibly due to the lack of acid rain on the planet—though still somewhat ragged as the result of repeated sandstorm assaults through time.  The Sphinx had fared best of all.  Rumour on Earth is it was used for target practice at some point either prior to or during World War I.  On Gaia, the troop leader—whomever he was—was never born and so the fate of the Sphinx was changed somewhat. Efforts to restore it to its former glory continued, even on Gaia, unabated. 
Initiated by the data link, an effigy of the Sphinx travels back in time, re-applying the thick coat of paint which would have rendered the structure resplendent over four thousand years ago.  The current reconstruction grows larger until it threatens to fill the room.  It pauses for a moment before rotating and then shrinks back to the same size as the statue in the display before dematerializing.  No sooner does it vanish than a second holographic representation of what the Sphinx might have looked like in its heyday begins its cycle, and then a third.
It's in the next gallery that Sam approaches me again. In a small, hidden corner of The Antiquary is an entire room devoted to Gaia's relationship with Earth. Here, the relationship between Reyes Prefect Senior, Dr. Spencer Prescott and others is documented on the walls and in the data link files. Most people brought into the once secret brotherhood of the Earth/Gaia confederacy were scientists and scholars.  Few were technicians.  They bartered mostly for knowledge and foreign technology. According to the downloads, the process for creating peanut butter able to remain emulsified on the shelf without refrigeration is an example of the many Gaian inventions for which Earth should give thanks.  The ballpoint pen is but one of the myriad inventions Earth had gifted to Gaia.
Once deliberate shifting techniques were established, a spontaneous cottage tourism industry began to flourish in which Gaians were enticed to shift to Earth to take in the wonders of that world:  Niagara Falls, the Eiffel Tower and the Great Wall of China, among others. Earth scientists were brought to Gaia and regaled with similar wonders:  the gardens of Setialpha Prefecture, the statue of Zeus at Olympia, the effigy of Kronos, and the catacombs of Xianchiu Prefecture among others. 
In a lighted glass case in the centre of the gallery is a copy of The Pact, the document drafted in an effort to sever all relations with Earth for the greater good.
"It's here as a cautionary tale," Sam says, startling me.
"How so?" I ask.  To me it heralds a fascinating era in the realm of exploration, space program be damned.
"It's a story of the hubris of man. How if people act blindly and without forethought, it could lead to the ruin of an entire planet...or at least, so says my Lead Prefect.
"You have an interest in ancient history, I see." 
"I do.  In fact, it's what I study."
"And what is that?" Sam's gaze is intense.  I try to hold his eyes with mine, but find it awkward to continue before long and shift my attention back to my handset display.
"My discipline," I say, trying to buy time as I think of how to explain it in terms Sam would understand.  "Technically, I am a disciple of human culture. I study how humans try to make sense of their environment and how they change the environment to reflect their belief system." My understanding is Gaians do more remote sensing, studying sites through non-invasive techniques like satellite photography and ground penetrating radar, than actual excavation. "Formally? My discipline is known as Archaeology, which is a sub-discipline of another known as Anthropology.  It means I dig in the ground to uncover evidence of ancient human settlement."
"And this 'culture' you speak of?"
"Culture's a hard thing to describe.  Generally, it concerns the belief system of a people and the objects and rituals they use to show they're part of a common group. It's the objects they create in doing so that I'm interested in." 
Sam barely lets me finish my last statement before he blurts, "Rituals? Like in a religion?" 
"Religious ritual is a part of it," I say, nodding.
Sam hesitates almost imperceptibly before he asks, "Prefect, would you be interested in experiencing the ritual and artifacts of Gaian religion?" He looks at me, earnestly blinking while I mull over his offer. Up until now, I was under the impression knowledge was the basis for Gaian religion.  At least, that was what Prescott was led to believe.  The way they describe their educational institutions, the way it echoes religious lexicon and iconography, reinforces that idea. When I ask Sam, he says, "It is true, knowledge and education are imperative to the Gaian way of life, but not all Gaians are privy to that way of life on the grand scale.  Most Gaians are responsible for maintaining the infrastructure of the Prefecture Proper and its surroundings.  We use what little information we are able to forage to our advantage, but more commonly, we barter more for goods and services—that which will immediately enrich our lives—than for knowledge, whose value is fleeting once it has become commonplace."
"And you're willing to leave The Prefecture to go to where they practice this religion?"
"As I said before, Prefect, I am but a candidate for the Prefecture.  When and until I am indoctrinated as a Prefect, I am but an Inf—a member of the Infrastructure class—free to leave at any time." He looks at me again, as if awaiting my response. "Will you join me?"
Do I want to join Sam to check out what type of human religion has developed on a foreign planet? To say I'm interested is an understatement.  The only other question I have to answer in the affirmative before beginning this leg of my magical mystery tour is do I trust Sam enough to leave the relative safety of both The Antiquary and The Prefecture with him? How badly do I want to sate my curiosity?
The decision's really a no-brainer. I slip my Gaia-link handset into my pocket.  "Let's go," I tell Sam.
Goren and Reyes Caucus Again
Reyes Prefect pounded on Goren Prefect's chamber door with such fury it vibrated on the hinges. Goren opened the door. It struck the wall behind it with a thud. "You have arrived. Any longer and the sun might go super-nova."
"What is so important you must summon me in the midst of a sermon?"
"Your Molly McBride—"
"Yet again, Goren?  I have a hall full of disciples awaiting my return—"
"It was your idea to allow her to visit The Antiquary unattended.  In her time at that building she has accessed enough information to nearly fill the handset's store."
"How do you know this?  I have yet to deliver the reports you requested."
"I have personally taken control of the situation."
"Was this not the purpose for the invite to this morning's Symposium? An informational exchange? You are searching for problems where there are none."
Goren sat on the edge of his seat behind his work table. He used his hand to indicate he wished Reyes join him in the seat opposite, but Reyes remained rooted to the spot, fists clenched in aggravation.  He hoped this interchange with Goren would be brief.  His disciples waited. "She has accessed information from virtually every mass on the planet." Goren stated matter-of-factly.  "The last link she initiated concerned Gaian relations with Earth."
Reyes had had enough of Goren's facade.  The problem rooted much deeper than a single visitor in their midst. "Let us forget this deception, Goren, and discuss what is really of import where Molly McBride is concerned.  You are angered that I was first to respond when Molly McBride arrived, and that I have taken on the role of First Emissary.  The event only served to remind you that you lost that position to my father all those years ago." Reyes paused momentarily, chiding himself for having vocalized his last statement.  Jealousy at being passed over for First Emissary was the reason Goren seemed always at odds with him, he was sure.  When anger could not be visited on the father, surely it must be justified when visited upon the son.
"This is not about envy—"
"Enlighten me then, Goren. Tell me what this is about."
"You persist in reminding me it was your father who was instrumental in drafting The Pact, thus preserving our planet. Your take on the matter is revisionist history at best." Goren paused to gauge the reaction on Reyes's features. "You neglect to relay it was your father who was part of the contingent responsible for designing the modulator which would make relations with Earth possible. In fact, it was your father who was part of the contingent responsible for the terraforming technology which caused the planet to begin shifting in the first place. Your father was no seraph, Reyes.  Do not paint him as such."
Reyes forced himself to release his clenched fists lest the nails bite through the flesh of his palms. He had to loosen his jaw muscles as well, as his teeth had begun to ache. "While it is true my father was responsible for developing the terraforming technology," he began, slowly, "he could not have anticipated the results would be life-threatening.  None of the contingency could. To repent, he spent the remainder of his life trying to put things right. He gave his life for the preservation of this planet.  I will not remain silent while he is disparaged."
"This is about neither your father, nor myself,” Goren admonished. “The future of our planet is my paramount concern."  
"I concede, Goren." Reyes said, no longer in the mood to argue. In Goren's eyes, Reyes's father was sole arbiter of the events which would lead them to Cataclysm, and Goren was the self-appointed saviour, determined to find the solution where others—Reyes's father among them—had failed.  After a pause, Reyes said, "If that is all, my disciples await," and he took a step toward the door.
"As of fifteen-twenty-three this afternoon, your McBride woman vanished from the Geo-link grid," Goren told him, as plainly as if he had just announced the weather outside. 
 Reyes stopped midway between the door and Goren's work table. "Vanished?" he said, the word coming out as no more than a whisper.  In spite of himself, he was drawn in to Goren's conundrum.  He approached the seat facing Goren across the work table and allowed his body to fall into the padding.
"All is not lost. Bless serendipity, her handset was monitored," Goren informed him.
"Monitored?" Reyes suddenly felt parched. He swallowed and licked his lips before continuing. "How?" he asked. It came out barely audible, so he repeated the question.
"A new technology, courtesy of our Earth brethren. A device keyed into the Geo-link grid is placed in high orbit around our planet. When activated, a tracking instrument implanted in the McBride woman's handset communicates her location to us. They call it 'Global Positioning', I believe."
"And in exchange for this Global Positioning?"
"The Geo-link technology."
"Oh, is that all?" Reyes said with overt sarcasm.  
"Do not mock the judgment of the Cleric Council, Reyes."
Reyes frowned. He felt numb. Goren's admission to him had served to confirm his suspicion that some Gaians had continued to shift willfully in spite of the drafting of The Pact. 
Reyes's father had given his life—his life!—to save Gaia. He had spent long hours sequestered from his family working equations and running scenarios to no avail. And it was all in vain. His father's posits had relied on the cessation of all activities which might hasten the impending Cataclysm. If people had continued to shift at will, his work was doomed to failure. But what angered Reyes most, is that it was with the blessing of the Cleric Council, the governing body composed of First Prefects the planet over.
"Do not look so glum, Reyes.  You should celebrate. With this information, you have been indoctrinated into the Inner Circle of the Clerisy."
Reyes ignored him. Molly McBride was the subject of import. He had invited her onto the planet. She had come with trepidation, but she had come nevertheless, because she had trusted him, Reyes Prefect, Second Prefect of the Theran Prefecture. He had to make sure Molly McBride was safe. "You used this...illicit technology to track Molly McBride?"
"Illicit? Really, Reyes—"
"Answer my question," Reyes demanded.
Goren nodded.  "At precisely fifteen-eleven, Molly McBride entered a civ unit with an unidentified male. Twelve minutes later, she exited the vehicle and headed due north toward the Relen Sector. At fifteen-forty she entered a building in the Relen sector believed to be Sanctuary."
Reyes shook his head in disbelief. "She poses a threat because she entered Sanctuary?"
"She associates with Relens," Goren pleaded.
"I told you before: she is a student of humankind. She studies religion as part of her discipline."
"She has betrayed us. She has left The Prefecture."
"If anyone has betrayed us, Goren, it is you." Reyes bolted to his feet and pointed a finger at Goren as he made his accusation. "You and your cohorts, sanctioning relations with Earth in spite of the parameters of The Pact. I should report you to the Theran Council—" 
"You fool yourself if you believe the Theran Council is not already aware of the matter."
"My disciples," Reyes said, deflated, though not quite defeated. "I must return." Reyes's head seemed to spin. Any excuse to leave was an excellent one.
"You are one of us now, Reyes," Goren told him, almost soothingly, "a member of the Inner Clerisy Circle. You are bound to keep the information covert. You may tell no one."
"Good day, Goren," Reyes said upon leaving the room. Inner Circle, indeed. What Goren and his Cleric Council were doing was tantamount to welcoming Cataclysm. Reyes was not prepared to stand idly by while a self-selected group of prefects doomed the rest of the population.



Sanctuary
The maglev truncates at the Prefecture boundary and Sam switches to battery. No sooner have we left the gated Prefecture than the greenery thins to almost nothing, the road changes from pavement to gravel and then to dirt, and then the battery dies, placing us within two clicks of our destination, give or take. If the Prefecture resembled a compact university town, the area encompassing the Prefecture, which Sam calls the 'Inf Sector', resembles a post-industrial-revolution-era town, one in which the evils of coal power have only just begun to dissipate. Whereas the buildings within the boundaries of the Prefecture have a freshly modern aura, the buildings within the Inf Sector are a mix of Victorian and Georgian architecture, fraught with red brick, slate roofing and wrought iron.
The Inf Sector, Sam explains, refers to the cities whose responsibility it is to supply the manpower for keeping the infrastructure of the surrounding prefectures going. The workers are paid in Units which are used to barter for necessities and can be traded in at double value for education vouchers. Most people subscribe to cottage industries for goods and services, though few who aspire to anything but local recognition are successful.  The exception is the company that produces the maglev propulsion systems popular in most prefectures, as well as the companies which design and implement the backbone for the civ technology.
A half-hour's walk through a burgeoning metropolis later and we approach a wrought-iron enclosed, cut-stone, darkened cathedral. I half expect bats circling in and about the steepled bell-tower.
"Welcome to Sanctuary," Sam says.  
"What is this place, Sam?" I ask, feeling the apprehension of a dozen B-movie queens as they're led down the garden path to the haunted house in front of which their car has just broken down and from which there will be no sane egress.
"You'll see," is his ominous response. I don't like it.  Sam's entire exposition on the way over reeked of 'need to know', like while he was telling me the truth, it wasn't the whole truth. I wait for him to open the front gate, but instead he says, "Over here," and leads me to a small pub across the street.
"I thought we were going to Sanctuary," I say.
"We are," he says.  "This way."
We enter the pub and I follow him past the bar, alive with the sound of a recorder playing a jig, and into the back storage room. Sam moves a pile of wooden crates to reveal a door. He pushes the door open to reveal a narrow cavern with stairs leading down. I am the first to descend the narrow staircase. The muffled echo of the sounds Sam makes as he tries to hide the entrance waft gracefully behind me. The way down is slow going.  It's dark and I have to feel for each stair before I step, finding purchase in the uneven wall in lieu of a rail. Two steps after I touch bottom, Sam bumps into me, apologizes, and takes the lead. Ten paces later we begin an ascent and I realize we have just traversed a hidden passage under the street and into Sanctuary.
"Why the cloak and dagger act?" I ask.
"I do not understand." 
"The underground tunnel? Why not just use the front gate?"
"There are many such entrances to Sanctuary. The underground passages run for kilometres beneath the Inf Sector. The tunnel system has never been mapped.  This is by design. The posit is if one entryway is compromised, there are many others which remain concealed. 
"In our world, it is a tolerated evil to be Relen. To believe in something other than that which is written in the Canon is heretic. We are indulged in the Inf Sector, but barely. Even so, to be identified as Relen is to be forsaken. If I am to survive prefect candidacy, no one must know."
"I don't understand," I say. "No other beliefs besides those of the Prefecture are tolerated?"
Sam nods once, curtly. "Knowledge is truth; understanding divine," he says with sarcasm over his shoulder. The door at the top of the stairs opens into what looks like a confessional booth. Sam allows me to enter first. I have to squint against the light on the other side. 
Sanctuary, I realize, has its parallels to places of organized worship on Earth: the cut-stone walls, vaulted ceilings, chapel with rowed pews and an altar at its head. Stained glass artistry detailing scenes depicting a cadre of Gods and prophets loans some colour to the otherwise lacklustre room. Sam leads me toward the front of the building and into a large, marbled foyer. 
Hurried footsteps echo from deep within the Main Chapel indicating we are not alone. They grow louder as they approach. We peek around the paneled, gothic wooden door of the Main Chapel to see a small, grey woman nearing us. She wears a white tunic, reminiscent of those of the prefects, but adorned with chunky pomegranate brocade at the neck, sleeves, and hemline. She stops about a metre from where Sam and I stand, and checks me out. I feel her eyes judging the length of my hair, the drop of my neckline, the cut of my suit, and the height of my pumps. The look she wears on her face, the pursed frown, wrinkled nose, and slit eyes, the almost imperceptible cluck of her tongue, tells me she doesn't approve of my presence. 
"Samkin Tailor," she says. Her voice is deep and raspy. It echoes from within the far reaches of the chapel behind her. 
"Trozai Prefect," Sam replies. He reaches forward and grasps Trozai's right shoulder with his left hand. Trozai latches on to Sam's outstretched arm at the elbow with her left hand. 
They hold this position for a second, a brief, secret handshake, which Trozai is the first to fracture. They stare at each other, hands at their sides for another second and then Trozai says, "A word." She withdraws into the chapel, taking it on faith Sam will follow.
Sam watches Trozai make her way toward the altar at the front of the chapel. "A moment, please," he says, touching my shoulder as if attempting to initiate another secret handshake.  He follows Trozai midway into the chapel before he turns and they confer. 
Trozai sounds angry, but she maintains a poker face so it's hard to say for sure. It's also hard to make out what they're saying, given their distance and the persistent echo. Seeing as further eavesdropping would be fruitless, I spend my time examining Sanctuary's foyer. 
The walls are adorned with a series of ornate gilt frames, each filled with a large portrait painted in sepia palette, marked with sunless greens, crepuscular blues, and sanguine reds. The portraits form a timeline of Relen fellowship. The wall marks Martal Bakersson as the founder of the movement. He appears to have been in his fifties when the portrait was commissioned.
“Martal Bakersson toiled himself to build Sanctuary nearly a half-century ago.” Somehow, Sam managed to sneak up behind me. No mean feat considering the lousy acoustics. “Some say he used the same bake ovens to fire these bricks as to bake his bread.” Samkin caresses the red brick wall beside Bakersson’s portrait.
"I should go," I tell him. "I'm sure I've overstayed my welcome."
"Trozai will give you audience now."
"Really, Sam, I should go."
"Samkin Tailor," Trozai calls from within the chapel.
"We must go her.  Now," he says, and ushers me into the chapel.

Trozai Prefect sits in a pew toward the middle of the Main Chapel. When we near her, she stands and nods before addressing me.  "I am Trozai Prefect, First Prefect of the Boron Prefecture." 
"My name is Molly McBride.  I'm a professor of Archaeology at the University of Toronto."
Trozai looks as me as though confused.  "It's like being a prefect."
She nods and smiles briefly to show she understands. "Samkin Tailor tells me you bear The Mark."
I give Sam a sideways glance to try to gauge his take on the situation. He appears eager to hear what will transpire. "What mark?" I say, and then I ask Sam what all this is about.
"Every Relen bears The Mark, a small, crescent shape, somewhere on their bodies." He unbuttons his tunic to reveal a small, half-moon, reminiscent more of a scar than a birth mark, just above his sternum. Trozai follows suit. She pulls on the collar of her tunic to reveal a similar scar on her neck, close to the jugular. 
"I assure you, I have no such mark anywhere on my body," I tell them.
"Are you certain?" Sam asks.
"I think I'd know," I say.
"I do not understand," Sam says. He wrings his hands together. "I can feel you are one of us. Even now. Very clearly."
"What's this about, Sam?" I ask, a mix of plea and demand. "I thought you brought me here to learn about the Relens."
"And so you shall," Trozai begins, taking up the conversation when it appears Sam will not. "Relens are different from mainstream Gaians in that the pitch of their phase diverges slightly from the rest of society."
"Though not enough to prevent us from staying grounded," Sam adds finding his voice. "Every Relen emits this altered frequency, undetectable by anyone other than another Relen."
"To celebrate that we are Relen is our birthright, one which would be denied us by the rest of society," says Trozai.
"But if you ask us, it's more than our birthright," Sam says. "It is our destiny."
"Why are Relens shunned by the rest of society?" I ask.
"Gaian society is built on the foundation of knowledge, and philosophy, science and literature," Trozai tells me. "The Relens believe in a higher power, one who directs all that happens in the heavens and on the earth. That we inherit The Mark of The One, True Leader from birth is proof enough He exists.
"It is the duty of every Relen to strive for the truth behind His origin." Trozai described the Relen organization as similar to Freemasonry on Earth, a secret brotherhood devoted to perpetuating the metaphysical belief in a single, Supreme Being.
"I approached you at the Antiquary because I detected the difference in your phase pitch frequency," Sam admits. "I had been following you to determine if I might trust you. Once I questioned you and learned you were a student of Man, that you studied culture and religion, I knew I could approach you in confidence."
"I don't know what to tell you," I say, sitting on the bench nearest to me.  
"She must bear The Mark," Sam insists to Trozai. "We have laid ourselves bare before you," he addresses me, sounding frustrated.  "Why do you resist your destiny?"
The whole situation is starting to get a little weird for me. I mean, here I am, stranded in the middle of God only knows where with a couple of strangers who insist I'm like their long lost child or something. I'm not a religious person. While I'd like to believe in a—quote-unquote—Higher Power, I find it hard to reconcile His existence within the realm of scientific knowledge. If The Bible is to be taken as the one, true gospel, where do the disciplines of Paleontology, Paleoanthropology and Geology fit in? And while my mind struggles with the theories that ensure a weave of Biblical and Scientific theory can yield a tidy mesh, there are times I wonder if those theories aren't a dying religion's way of trying to jam a square peg into a round hole. The bottom line is what Sam and Trozai have just explained to me—a religion based on congenital body markings, a feeling of affinity when in close proximity to each other, a devotion to finding the meaning of life, the purpose for one's being—sounds like as good a foundation as any for worship. More power to them. 
What concerns me more, though, is what drew Sam to me in the first place. A sense I was somehow different? That the pitch of my phase resonance was slightly off kilter? I look from Trozai to Sam, wondering if I should break my cover.  Up until now, I've been able to wander throughout the Prefecture as can any other Gaian. But Sam made me.  He knew. Sam had brought me here, had trusted me with information which might endanger the entire Relen movement if I betrayed their confidence. I think I can trust him.
I slowly unbutton my jacket and remove it to reveal the modulator strapped around my right bicep.
Trozai gulps air through parted lips. Sam doesn't seem to make the connection with my reveal at first. He stares at it for a moment and then looks up at me when realization takes hold.
"Is that...?" Trozai asks.
I nod.
"But it is in violation of The Pact. You cannot...Your presence here..."
"I am in contact with a prefect who believes there is no longer any integrity in The Pact. Hasn't been in at least a quarter century." 
The room is silent save for the heavy breathing of the Prefect and her disciple. The silence lingers for so long I start to wonder if I wasn't out of line suggesting to a devout Gaian that her most sacred document isn't quite as sacred as she might think, but then Trozai says, "How came you by this device?"
"A prefect friend gave it to me.  He brought me here because he thinks I can help your planet."
"Help our planet?" Trozai asks.
"The random shifts in phase. He believes the phenomenon will occur on a planetary scale in the near future."
"Cataclysm," Sam says.
I nod.
Trozai stares at me with her arms crossed. She reminds me of a high school teacher I had once who would sit on her desk, cross her arms over her chest and look at me with this expressionless stare that put a chill in my veins. Even when I looked away, I could still feel the weight of her gaze bearing down on me. I finally figured out I could get her to look away if I asked her a question, any question. Anything to get her to point her evil eye in someone else's direction. When I think of some of the things I asked her, I'm sure she must've thought me the love child of Dumb and Dumber.  
At last, Trozai has an idea. "When you return to Earth, you must investigate the shape of The Mark for us.  Any reference, in history or antiquity will suffice. I seek reference to the crescent moon shape in either a birth mark or a scar, on or near a major artery in the body.  Here," she says, pointing to her own mark, "here," she says, pointing to her breastbone, the parallel location of Sam's mark, "or here," she says, pointing to her inner-thigh.
"I will," I promise, intrigued at the possibility there might be a connection between the Gaian Relens and Earth. And why not? An entire religion had sprung up based on nothing more than the existence of similar shaped scars and a feeling. It reminds me of the countless support groups perpetuated on Earth based on nothing more than unusual body markings and shared memories of alien abductions.
Trozai bids me good luck and Godspeed and directs Sam to return me to the Antiquary where I appropriate a civ car that takes me to the Prefecture Proper. There I meet Reyes who helps me make the transition back to Earth.


Goddard Pinpoints It 

Henry "Ozzie" Osmond III caught Bob Diaz playing trash-can basketball in his office. He cleared his throat in an attempt to get Diaz's attention. Distracted by the interruption, Diaz's foam rubber ball fell short of the metal hoop poised over the small, grey, metal trash can. "Oooh! Missed the free throw shot," Diaz announced. He turned to acknowledge Ozzie, smiling.
"What can I do for you, Osmond?" Diaz asked.
"Rice says SOHO's talking, sir."
Diaz jumped out of his chair and nearly hurdled across the room. He raced past Ozzie to John Rice's desk. "Got a locate for the flare, Rice?" he asked.
Rice pointed to a map on his monitor. "Canada, sir. South-central Ontario, to be precise.” 
"Canada!" Diaz said. Rice read a mix of excitement and surprise in his response. He'd had the same reaction himself initially. Any nuclear activity in Canada had to represent a power facility gone critical. Surely not terrorist activity. Not in Canada, the Switzerland of North America.
Visibly shaken, Diaz placed a hand on Rice's shoulder and squeezed. "Good work, kid," he said. Diaz released Rice's shoulder. "Keep me posted, Rice, you're doing a fine job." He patted him on the back. "Fine job." He withdrew in the direction of his office.
"Uh, sir?" Ozzie called after him.
Diaz turned.
"What about me, sir?"
"Continue to monitor radio and television. I want to know the first sign of anything unusual that might be related to this case," Diaz told him 
Ozzie smiled.  Once more he had been given license to loaf. He couldn't be more pleased.
Diaz continued back to his office. He sat behind his desk, but before he did, he retrieved a soft, orange ball from the waste basket. He knelt, then crawled on his hands and knees to get the one that had missed and rolled under his desk. He contemplated recovering the points lost by the missed free throw, but thought better of it. Securing the balls on his desk behind the stapler to prevent them from rolling, Diaz looked up and made note of the numbers to both Homeland Security and Royal Canadian Mounted Police headquarters, just in case.
Introducing Loman Praetner
Loman Praetner awoke to a gust of air and found he could not fall back asleep for the preoccupation of the origin of the breeze. Had he barred every door and window in the dwelling? Had the house's cooling mechanism recently turned on? Perhaps the source was simply his wife's nocturnal exhalation as she rolled over and away from him?
The air in the room, he noticed, was rife with nardus-scent, commonly known as lavender on Earth. He opened his eyes. Goren Prefect towered at his bedside. "What do you want?" Loman groaned. He struggled to sit up somewhat.
"May the Gods bestow you too, Loman," Goren said, affording the familiar greeting.
"Fool," Loman accused. He motioned toward his mate. "She might wake at any moment."
"And wouldn't you have a challenge explaining? Candidly, I don't know whatever possessed you to take an earther as a life-mate."
Loman didn't know either. Born Loman Prefectson of Mexus Prefecture, he was the last in a long line of Loman Prefects. He supposed perpetuation of the Loman Prefect line was motivation enough to take a mate on either planet, though seeing as he had yet to have any offspring, and his mate was nearing the end of her childbearing years, he could no longer use that excuse to justify the decision. Perhaps it was in an effort to avoid a life of loneliness and solitude on a foreign planet. Ironically, as willingness to enter a union with him—that and tolerance of his demeanor—had been the sole criteria in his selection of a mate, the word 'lonely' best described their relationship.  
"I do not wish to discuss personal matters, Goren. Not now. Not with the likes of you." He glanced at the figure of his mate beneath the bed clothing. "And most certainly not with her in the room."
"Then perhaps another room in this dwelling?"
"Go home, Goren. Leave me to my miserable life on this derelict world." Loman resumed his prone position on the mattress and drew the bed sheet under his chin.
"I demand an audience, Loman. Let us not forget it was I who appointed you to this posting.  I could just as easily dismiss you from it."
It was a threat Goren had used before. He had been a young man when Goren first approached him. Young, impressionable, and scared at the prospects for his planet should phase shifting and terraforming remain unchecked. Goren had presented the posting as an opportunity to make a difference, and Loman couldn’t have been more eager to accept, though, truth be told, it was a tough decision to make. He had been betrothed on Mother Gaia, to an agreeable young woman, the daughter of a prefect, no less. Destined to enter service to the Prefecture within the year, Goren had doomed him to live out his days on this dirty planet instead. He had chosen the name Praetner after seeing it in the paper and because it resembled the moniker of his prefect birthright. How long his service would last was at Goren's sole discretion. So far, his years on Earth had numbered one-and-one-quarter score, roughly the length of a life-sentence in one of these people's prisons. 
As a Second or First Prefect on Gaia, Loman might have lived a modest life with a modest woman as his mate, and produced a modest nurseryful of offspring. On Earth, Loman was loathe to admit, he lived as a king by comparison. His posting as Vice-president of the Gaia Corporation allowed him to live in a dwelling the size of a castle. Earth's system of remuneration allowed him to partake in the finest of food, drink, entertainment and technology. In short, his posting on Earth had allowed him to exploit the very environment it was GaiaCorp's mandate to protect and without impunity.
In truth, Loman's posting on Earth was a double-edged sword. One he wasn't sure he was willing to forfeit to the likes of Goren. At least, not yet.
"Very well," Loman muttered as he lowered himself gently out of bed. "In my chambers."

"Tell me, Goren." Loman poured two fingers of scotch into two crystal, low-ball glasses. He corked the decanter believing he had the upper-hand. "What business is so important you must travel from another planet and drag me out of my bedstead in the middle of the night?" He handed Goren one of the glasses, and rose his own in a brief salute before downing the contents.
"Someone has bridged the gap."
It took a moment for this information to sink in. "What? No." Loman dropped into the padded, executive chair behind his desk.
"A woman. A teacher. A Professor, she calls herself."
"But how? How could an earther possibly—"
"She used Spencer Prescott's technology. She found it. Buried, if you can believe it, Gods bestow us." Goren rubbed his forehead as he sat. "Best if she were incinerated."
"The other prefects?"
"Introduced to her at today's Symposium."
"And...?"
"Her reception was...favourable, I suppose." Goren swallowed the remaining amber liquid in his glass and motioned for it to be refilled.
"Does she pose a threat?"
Goren shrugged. "That depends on what you regard a threat."
"Do not play games with me, Goren," Loman demanded, turning an earther phrase. "I asked you if she poses a threat."
"I would answer, 'No, not at this point'." He placed the glass on the work table before him. Loman reached for it as if to refill it, but Goren shook his head. "She is currently befriended by Reyes Prefect the younger whilst on Mother."
Loman nodded. While he was not familiar with the current Reyes Prefect, he was familiar with his father, a man Loman greatly admired for his body of work. "And whilst on Earth?"
"This lends itself to the urgency of my visit, Loman, for whilst on Earth, the curatorship of Molly McBride falls to you."
"This is her name? The interloper. Molly McBride?"
Goren nodded.
"And what of the day-to-day machinations of running GaiaCorp?"
"That too, remains your responsibility."
Loman frowned. He looked at his hands as they wrung in his lap.
"I need someone familiar with this planet, Loman, someone who might move about freely and undetected. If the postings combined prove too difficult for a man of your accomplishment, I can arrange for your replacement at GaiaCorp."
Loman leaned forward onto his work table and rubbed his eyes as he thought. To spy on this Molly McBride would be favourable to being dismissed from his position at GaiaCorp.  He wondered how his mate might respond to his newly assigned responsibility and the added tax on his time, even as he spoke his next words. "That will not be necessary," he said.

Molly Does Research
Being married to the department head has its benefits, though, as a rule, I rarely take advantage of those benefits. While I know I shouldn't care what the faculty thinks, it's important to me they know I earned my position on my feet rather than on my back. But I'd barely slept over the past forty-eight or so hours and when the radio blared at half-past six this morning it felt like I'd only just closed my eyes. Nevertheless, I was ready to tough out my morning classes, nap through lunch, and finish the day. Against my better judgment and at Palmer's behest, my classes were to be cancelled and I was to sleep in. After a long, hot shower, protein-rich breakfast and tall glass of O.J., I'm beginning to feel enough like myself to boot my computer and start sifting through the information Reyes stored on my Geo-link handset.
	I’m working away maybe four or five hours when the doorbell rings. It registers somewhere in the back of my foggy brain, but only marginally so. I'm so mired in the implication of Reyes's file, I'm not sure I would notice the house if it were filled with smoke, enveloped in flames and burning down around me.
The doorbell rings again, only this time, something sets my mind in motion. Sometime between the back room that houses my office and the journey down the narrow hallway, through the kitchen and to the front door, I've convinced myself the only people knocking on doors or ringing doorbells at this time in the afternoon are solicitors. I should be done with the intruder post-haste and back to Reyes's next file in no time flat.
I swing open the door, my mouth at the ready to blow off the salesperson on the other side when I notice who it is standing on my front stoop.  Though his back is to me, the man's identity is unmistakable: dark brown, thinning hair; sallow skin-tone; thin frame adorned with droopy, woolen clothes.  "Stanley!" I say, in spite of myself. Once more, I feel languor in my limbs. What is he doing here? 
"Professor McBride." He nods. "May I come in?"
"Why are you here, Stanley?" I ask, hearing how rude it sounds even as I'm saying it.  
"I'd rather not discuss it here," he says, nervous, looking over his shoulder, as if someone may be watching.
"I'm kind of busy now, Stanley." Damn him.  What kind of person just shows up at another person’s door? The door of an acquaintance, no less. I know what he wants. Even before he says it, I know. And while I also know I can lay no claim to the artifacts, to what's rightfully his, something rooted deep within my core, is not willing to give them up.  Not yet.
"It's important," he persists.
"Call my secretary, Stanley.  Make an appointment for later in the week.  Today's my day off," I say and I begin to close the door.
Stanley almost lunges at the still closed screen door. He pauses with one hand on the screen the other on the frame, and his nose pressed against the mesh. "It's about the artifacts. I want them back."
There.  He said it.  He wants the artifacts back.  My heart skips a beat. I can't take my next breath.  I may throw up.  I freeze, door poised for closing, gray matter trying to conceive alternatives to letting Stanley in. Truth is, I can think of none. Against instinct, I swing the metal entry-door open to its fullest and then swing the screen door out.  I blink, and Stanley Hume is invading my privacy, standing in the front foyer of my house.
"The artifacts, Ms. McBride.  I'd like to have them.  Now." He says the last word with such forcefulness, I'm reminded of the neighbour's pit bull—small and unassuming, yet likely to show aggression at the smallest provocation.   I size him up, contemplating if his bark will prove worse than his bite.
"I'm not done with their analysis, yet, Stanley," I say, flatly. I flag him into the kitchen and offer him a chair. He sits. I stand by the counter.     
"What's to analyze?" he asks.
"I've spent quite a bit of time cleaning them," I lie. "And I'm still trying to place the metals used.  I have quite a few leads on the cigarette case.  And then there's the tin cigar box."
Stanley seems to weigh my answer before he speaks.  "Again I ask:  what's to analyze?" He props himself up, one elbow resting on the melamine table top, the other on the back of his chair. "You said it yourself. My place was in the middle of nowhere.  A former owner of the property buried the artifacts in the fifties. Probably just a collection of his junk." He tries to stare me down before continuing. "Besides.  The artifacts are mine.  I don't want you to do anymore research.  I'm satisfied you've done all you can.  I want them back."
I have no response.  At this point, I'd love to give the artifacts to him, if for no other reason than to have him out of my life once and for all.  But I can't do that.  The original modulator, the one I first used to go to Gaia, holds a depleted charge. If Stanley were to press the button, the results could be fatal. 
We stare at each other in silence for a moment and then Stanley says, "I read Prescott's memoirs, you know." He pronounces 'memoirs' as 'memois'. I correct him, but only to myself. "I made copies before I gave you the originals," he says, answering the question I have yet to ask. "Fascinating reading," he adds, lips forming an evil grin, like he's just called my bluff and realized he holds the better hand.
"I can't give you the artifacts, Stanley," I tell him flat out.
"Can't or won't?" he asks. The question is moot, for Stanley continues without pausing. "I've spoken to a lawyer friend and he advises—"
"You contacted a lawyer?" I'm not sure whether to read disappointment or surprise into my next statement. "Oh, Stanley." 
"My lawyer friend advised me that, if you were not forthcoming with my artifacts, I should telephone the police and report a theft."
"Come on, Stanley.  You're not serious."
"I'll give you five minutes to produce the artifacts." 
He takes out his cell phone and dials. I need to stall and fast. "I need some time, Stanley. Let me call Palmer to come home and together we can figure something out." 
"Call your bodyguard to try and muscle me into leaving without my things?"
"Muscle you?" I say. "That's not fair."
"You have four minutes."
"We could go to the university together and find Palmer and talk about it there."
"That would take longer than three minutes."
"Stanley, let's be reasonable."
He sits silently at my kitchen table watching the seconds tick past on the kitchen clock. I don't know what to do.  He doesn't like Palmer.  Okay.  I get that. Palmer wasn't exactly friendly to him when they met.  And while I haven't ever really known Palmer to be intimidating (at least not past my frosh year), I can see how someone like Stanley could.  Where Palmer is tall, Stanley is...compact; where Palmer is broad, Stanley is...compressed. During their meeting, Palmer was inflamed yet comfortable on his own turf while Stanley was meek and out of his element. I guess if I were Stanley Hume at this particular moment in time, I wouldn't want to deal with Palmer Richardson either.
Stanley says, "Two minutes," and something in me snaps.  To hell with this pissing game.
"Alright," I shout, resentful in my resignation. "Alright. I'll get you the artifacts." I tell him to stay put, retreat to my office and gather the box from my top desk drawer. "You know," I start as I retrace my steps down the central hall leading back to the kitchen, "I'm not trying to steal your fifteen minutes, or anything."
Stanley says nothing. He stands as I approach, pockets his cell, and reaches for the tin box. I feel him tug softly when he grasps it, as if he expects me to release it to his possession. Instead, I maintain my hold on it. "I need to be honest here with you, Stanley. We did more than clean the artifacts.  We experimented with them."
"What do you mean, 'experimented'?" He tugs on the box once more, this time with force and I let go of it.
"We energized the modulator."
Stanley throws open the lid and peers inside, scrutinizing each and every artifact for injury. 
"We tried to use it but nothing happened."
"So what are you saying?" Stanley asks as he appraises the last artifact.
"I'm saying the results were inconclusive."
Stanley looks up at me as he holds the modulator gently in the palm of his hand.  "No they weren't," he says, challenging. "If the results were inconclusive you wouldn't have needed to keep my stuff as long as you did." Suddenly, his eyes seem to glow with realization. "You went to Gaia, didn't you?"
"No, Stanley," I say, trying to maintain eye contact, sure if I look away, he'll know I'm not telling the truth. "We pushed the button and nothing happened." He looks at me intensely, looking for some kind of tell which will confirm I'm lying. "OK, I felt dizzy for a second, maybe even nauseous, and I thought it was going to work, but then nothing happened."
Stanley watches me for a moment longer and then tosses the modulator into the cigar box. He stows the box under his left armpit. "Good-bye, Ms. McBride," he says, and steps toward the front foyer, but I block his exit.
"If you read Prescott's papers, then you know.  Trying to use the modulator with an improper charge could be suicide, Stanley," I tell him.
"Cut the melodrama, Ms. McBride," Stanley says, plastering on a fake smile which shows too much teeth. "If it didn't work for you when it was fully charged, what makes you think it will do anything if I try to use it now?"
"Stanley..." I say, intending to reason with him, but I can think of nothing to say.  He's right.  Logically, if nothing happened when it was charged, then nothing should happen from that point on. 
"No, Ms. McBride.  As far as I'm concerned, there is nothing more to say. The artifacts are mine.  It is my decision to do with them as I will. If and when my discovery is made public, well, that will be my decision, too."
Screw it.  I'm trying to reason with him, trying to save his life and all he's interested in is controlling the release of the story to the media. I step aside and let him leave.
He walks out onto the front stoop, my outstretched palm the only thing saving the screen door from slamming after him. "Stanley," I call, catapulting myself onto the front stoop, careful to catch the screen with my hand (rather than my face) on the rebound. Luckily, it's the middle of the day in the middle of the work week and the street's a ghost town. Stanley ignores me as he storms across the front lawn to his car parked by the curb in front of my house. "Whatever you do, don't press that button." 
Stanley gets into his car and closes the door behind him. I swear and bring my hand down hard on the wrought iron rail in front of me.  Son-of-a-bitch, but it stings.
After Research
I’m out back staring into dull, gunmetal twilight when Palmer gets home. The moon illuminates the clouds, backlighting them, like some child's Black Magic drawing. It's misting. The wood on the deck appears mossy. It glows shiny with moisture. Nevertheless, it's a nice night. Autumn's chill is warmed with the threat of summer's redux, abundantly welcome, if only for a day or two.
I hear a screen door squeak somewhere. Then the front door of my house whooshes a gust of warm air chased by a whoosh of brisk air through the backyard walk-out screen. It terminates abruptly seconds after the deadbolt slides into place. 
Palmer’s home. The floorboards creak beneath his feet as he travels through the house. When he slides the walk-out screen open and joins me on the deck he brings a fleece throw with him. He wraps the throw around my shoulders and leans in for a kiss. I turn my head half toward him and we connect, one hemisphere of each of our lips meeting with the other’s cheek. I rearrange my legs beneath me and draw from the waning warmth of what was a steaming latte bowl of tea not too long ago. "Hey," I say. The exposed surface of the throw grows slick with dew.
"Hey back," he says over my shoulder. He drags the floor umbrella from the corner of the deck and positions it between my chair and the one next to me. From nowhere, he draws a bath towel and proceeds to cover the patio chair pillow with it. 
I put the teacup down, and wrap myself tighter in the cotton candy coloured throw. 
"You okay?" he asks.
"Uh huh," I say.
"I half expected to find you still glued to your computer."
He knows me too well. Had Stanley not interrupted, had my brain not threatened to explode, he’s right. I’d still be hunched over my computer researching.  I sigh, look at him and manage a smile.  "No.  I've had enough of that.  Too depressing."
"I tried to call—"
"Yeah. I forgot to bring the phone out."
"How long have you been out here?"
I shrug. 
"I thought you were going to call me with your research." 
"I guess I forgot," I say, examining my cuticles. I take a small nip at a piece of hanging skin, but then remember I’m trying to quit. I bury both hands inside my blanket cocoon and look at my husband.
“Unclench.” I trace the furrow between his brows with my index finger. “Unless you want perma-scowl.”
“I clench when I worry,” he says. The furrow shallows when he grins.
“What are you worried about.”
He looks at me as if I should know.
“Don’t worry about me. I’m fine,” I say. I wonder if my brow furrow is showing.
He maintains the look.
“Really, Palmer, I’m safe, I promise.” I can’t say the same about Stanley. 
	“I just,” he says as he digs under the blanket for my hands. “I don’t want to lose you.”
	“You’re not going to lose me. It’s safe, like I said.”
	“I’m not talking about your physical health.”
Incensed at whatever that might mean, I open my mouth to speak, but he cuts me off.
“How long have you been sulking out here?”
“I’m not sulking. I’m thinking.” Okay, so after the way things went this afternoon with Stanley, maybe I’m sulking a little. “There’s a difference.”
“What are you thinking about,” he asks and I begin to tell him of my research.

Though I’d secretly hoped Gaian file protocols would somehow mesh with those on Earth, it became apparent early on that the files Reyes had stored on my Gaia-link had less in common with contemporary computer protocols than Macs had with IBMs. In the absence of a common interface, I began taking pictures of the display. But without fine detail, many of the maps were useless. I had no choice but to resort to good old fashioned pen and paper transcription. I drew sketches. I re-typed entire documents. 
Reyes had most certainly done his homework. The first file I found was a primer on the Gaian calendar, used to facilitate the conversion of Gaian dates to those in Earth's Gregorian time frame. I learned the Gaian calendar year is composed of twelve, thirty-day months called "Kalends". An intercalary month, called Sol, is sandwiched between June and July to make up for the remaining five days in the year. The file noted Reyes Sr. had calculated that, in order to translate Gaian years to Gregorian, a difference of about forty years needed to be subtracted from the Gaian calendar date. 
The next file was composed of dates on a timeline, the earliest of which read: "Seismic activity caused by tectonic event. West-central coastline of Selene. Fourth kalend, 1950".  I applied Reyes Sr.’s conversion factor. I needed to find a momentous event taking place sometime in the spring of the early 1900s. This one was a no-brainer. Reyes and I had already discussed it after Symposium: the San Francisco earthquake, April 1904.
The next entry corresponded to late summer, mid 1940s, over a period of about a kalend. Two events within weeks of each other, one on the continent-slash-mass Gaia calls Ganymede, and a second on Selene. According to the map in the silver case, Ganymede correlates with Japan.  The incidents manifested themselves as a noted increase in random phase shifting on Gaia. I’m sure this refers to what is affectionately known as "The Manhattan Project", and the attack on Hiroshima. Three nuclear weapons detonated over a time period of less than a month. The first, codenamed "Trinity", an episode of nuclear testing in New Mexico, the second and third detonated early August 1945, both over Japan. 
This revelation both astounded and paralyzed me. For a moment, I could do nothing but stare at the computer monitor, dumbfounded. The implications were appalling. Activities on Earth, however damaging they may be to our environment, had implications for a sister planet.  Especially disturbing was the flip side of this discovery, that activities on Gaia must therefore have consequences for Earth. It's like no matter what one planet did, whether to help or hinder its cause, both were doomed to suffer whatever consequence ensued. 
I checked the next entry on the timeline: "Experimental craft lost over south-central Selene. Sixth kalend of 1991". Craft disappears, June, late 1940s. I did the Google search, but found nothing conclusive. It didn’t hit me until hours later when I was sitting outside in the dark watching the sky. A flashing light—probably night lights on a plane—hit it home for me. An experimental craft lost sometime in the late 1940s could only refer to one thing:  Roswell. At that time, Gaia was already experimenting with terraforming. Excessive terraforming was what had initially precipitated the random shifts in phase, the one they called Motar Prefect had said so in his Symposium oration. Was the so-called "alien crash" in Roswell, New Mexico nothing more than a ship of poor Gaian souls who had unwittingly flown through a random phase shift pocket?
That was when my brain threatened to explode. 
I glanced at the next date on the handset, but could not seem to focus finely enough to read it.  
Roswell.
 The first Gaian encounter.  
After all of the press, all of the conspiracy chatter, all of the television shows and movies and documentaries and debunking, blacked-out declassified documents and supposed alien autopsies, the government spinning the folk lore into weather balloons and stealth prototypes and secrecy, and what it all boiled down to was nothing more than some Joe Blow pilot who just happened to find the proverbial shift-bubble needle-in-the-haystack. It's actually comical, when you think about it, how a missing plane spawned an entire counterculture of mistrust in the government.
I scrolled through the file again. There was so much more. The other dates Reyes gave me pointed to a number of nuclear tests or nuclear disasters in the early half of the twentieth century.  Little did German scientists Hahn and Strassman know when they discovered nuclear fission in the 1930s, that they were setting a series of events into motion which would end in Cataclysm—the destruction of not one world, but two, simultaneously. I wonder, if they knew, would it have mattered?
That cinched it for me. Reyes was right—our world was tied to theirs. Not just sisters but conjoined twins. How else could an earthquake occur on both worlds at roughly the same time and in exactly the same place? How else could the date of a major atmospheric change such as a preponderance of phase shift bubbles pinpoint the exact date of atomic explosions?

When I’m done explaining, Palmer looks at me eager to hear more, brown eyes sparkling in the moonlight. I’m spent, I mean, really spent—mind, body and spirit. I want nothing more than to crawl under the covers and flake. But I can’t. There’s more, so much more. What I know so far about Gaia is only the tip of the iceberg. And what I’ve told Palmer barely scratches the surface.
The cadence of the rain drumming on the umbrella overhead becomes more urgent. Rivulets of water begin to flow from the umbrella's spoke-tips. "I have something to show you," I tell him when there is a lull in the conversation. They say confession is good for the soul. And though the story I’ve been researching is not technically mine to tell, I need to slough it off nevertheless.
I toss the cotton candy blanket into the bathroom tub on my way to the office. When Palmer joins me, I’m still shuffling through papers on my desk looking for a hand rendering of one of Reyes’s maps. "According to Reyes there's a spot on Gaia that's been declared kind of a no man's land, to be avoided at all times," I say. 
"Compasses go wild, planes and ships pass through it, never to be seen again."
"Sounds like the Bermuda Triangle," he offers.
I look up at him. "You don't know the half of it" I say. At last, I find the map and pass it to him. 
"The pencil map is what Reyes gave me on the handset,” I explain. The blue represents the same part of the world on Earth." I wait for him to examine the map. "It is the Bermuda Triangle," I say. "Can you believe it? Palmer, they have a Bermuda Triangle, only they believe it's like a region of permanent phase shifting, like a hole in the fabric of space-time on their planet. For all they know, things disappearing there are swallowed up into another dimension—"
"Like a portal to Earth?"
"Maybe. Or maybe the act of being drawn into the shift bubble wrecks the craft and spits it back out to the sea, and because everyone's afraid to go there, no one ever finds the remains," I say. "Reyes claims every eleven years there's an increase in the frequency of random phase shift reports."
"Okay," he says. He stretches out the last syllable, making it into a question.
"I did a search on the Internet. Sunspot activity occurs in eleven year cycles. I checked the Telesat Canada web page. They have hard evidence to support that sunspots wax and wane in eleven year cycles."
"Could be a coincidence," he says, shifting positions in his chair.
He’s right. It could still be a coincidence. Time was I would have believed that. Time was I would have fought anyone who told me differently. But now that I’ve seen it for myself? I’d bet dollars to donuts there is nothing coincidental about it. "Except that peak years of solar flare and sunspot activity on Earth correlate to peak years of random phase shift occurrences on Gaia," I tell him.
Palmer’s stomach rumbles. Instead of continuing to play Devil's Advocate with me, he claps his hands and rubs them together. "Care for pizza?" he asks. "I'm hungry." He gets up and walks toward the kitchen before I can respond.  
I’m not ready to let the argument go yet. No sooner has Palmer turned the corner on his way to the kitchen than I’m up and calling his name. "Wait," I beg, "there's more."
"Pizza's cold and I'm hungry." He opens the white and orange box promising thirty minutes or the delivery is free and peels himself a slice. He takes a bite, rests it on the counter, and then hands a slice to me. "I want to talk about this with you," I plead, "I need to talk about this." 
Pizza is the ultimate soul food. It has the power to heal all wounds from the inside out. Our mutual fondness for pizza was a commonality Palmer and I realized we shared early in our relationship, probably before it could even be classified as a relationship. And though we can never agree on the Perfect Pizza Topping, our willingness to experiment from pie to pie and where and when we consume it, has helped invigorate our relationship. 
I look at the slice in his hand, worried that my mouth isn’t salivating at the prospect. 
Palmer shrugs and sets the slice down atop the pizza box. "I don't know what to tell you, Moll.” He takes a huge bite. “The planets are linked,” he says through it. “ I get that—"
"Did you know that shortly after Chernobyl, Gaia suffered their largest and most devastating episode of phase shifting ever? Over the continent that roughly coincides with the former USSR?" I pick a meatball from my slice and roll it around between my fingers. It’s room temperature. I pop it into my mouth and chew on it a while, hoping it’ll get the stomach juices flowing. Palmer takes another bite, drops his slice beside mine and grabs a cold pop from the fridge. He offers me the first can, but I shake my head. 
"The only thing I can liken it to is Ground Zero on 9-11. A sizeable chunk of a prefecture building was whisked away. In its absence, most of the building—a high rise, fifteen stories—collapsed. The missing piece shifted back moments later but the damage had already been done. It happened on a weekday, late in the morning. Almost a thousand fatalities in total."
Palmer looks at me and lets me speak. I swallow the meatball and I’m deeply regretful. I don’t know if I can keep it down. "Survivors caught in the part of the building that shifted were later plagued with a mysterious illness. The way Reyes describes it, it sounds a lot like radiation poisoning, like when they shifted they were exposed to the radiation cloud formed by the meltdown. Almost thirty of the survivors later died due to complications from the unknown illness." I wipe away a surprise tear streaming down my face.  Palmer looks at what's left of the slice in his hand, opens the box and tosses it in. 
I hand him a piece of folded newspaper, a page taken from a supermarket tabloid. He unfolds it, smoothes the creases and skims. The article is about a farmer who witnessed the corner of a large building materialize in his wheat field. When he looks up from the paper, I say, "Do you see? This kind of thing happens all the time. Just because no-one's around to hear the tree falling in the forest, doesn't mean there's no sound.
"And what about the Gaian religion I told you about? The people who call themselves Religious Enthusiasts? Relens? They all have this crescent-shaped mark near a major artery. That female prefect, Trozai? She asked me to investigate it here, the crescent moon. And I found a connection."
"If you look hard enough for anything, you'll find it. You know that's why the conspiracy theorists have gained such a wide audience lately. You know even the most diverse of data can be skewed to prove the most obscure point—" 
I don’t appreciate he’s taken up another round of Devil’s Advocate. I shake my head. "Just listen to me, okay? The crescent moon? Turns out, it's an attribute of Luna and Selene, transferred to Diana later in history—"
"I'm sorry, Moll, but I don't see the significance—"  
"Selene? Moon goddess?"
He shakes his head and looks confused.
"Theran Prefecture resides on the continent corresponding to North America. They call it 'Selene'."
"Molly—" he pleads with me.
"There has to be something more at work here than coincidence, Palmer, there has to be," I repeat, as if saying it again will make it so. "God, Palmer, don't you see?  We can burn our garbage, compost, recycle, play with hybrid cars, use wind and water instead of nuclear power, but when it comes down to it, none of it matters." I throw myself back into my chair. "We always talked about helping to make this world greener for our children, our grandchildren and their children, but when you look at something like this, there's really nothing any one person can do that's going to matter."
He reaches for my hand across the table. Okay, so a greener tomorrow is more my pipe dream than his. I’m the one who insists we compost. I’m the one who's always on Palmer’s back to recycle. I’m the one who insists we keep bricks in the toilet tank to cut water consumption, sweat it out on the more temperate summer days rather than run the A/C, use bins over plastic bags when packing our groceries, and rely on public transportation to and from work. But the bottom line is that no matter what we do, if the greater public, including that on Gaia, isn't following suit—cutting terraforming and deliberate phase shifting all together—no amount of reducing, reusing, recycling or retrofitting is going to do us any good. 
Palmer holds my hand and rubs the knuckles with his thumb. His eyes are shaded with his other hand, his elbow rests on the table. We sit like that, me staring off into space, Palmer’s unfocussed glare on the tabletop until he says, "There's something else, isn't there? Something more you wanted to tell me."
I want to tell him about Stanley, that he came by today, that he took the artifacts with him. Instead I say, "Did you know there are regular sightings of something like Bigfoot and the Loch Ness Monster on Gaia? Can you imagine?"
"You know that's nothing more than crypto-zoology, pseudo-science mythology, Moll," he points out.  
"Right. But the only thing making it pseudo-science rather than actual science is there's no real evidence to support it.  Don't you think sightings of identical creatures on what are essentially two separate worlds constitutes proof enough for their existence?" 
The problem is scientists have been trying to come to terms with these phenomena on Earth for centuries now. UFOs are quite possibly weather balloons; the Bermuda Triangle an area prone to erratic weather conditions; Sasquatch are either surviving primates of the Gigantopithecus variety, or a hoax; and Nessie, either a surviving plesiosaur, a plesiosaur descendant, or also a hoax. But the chance that two separate worlds having (I'm assuming) very little contact would report the very same pseudo-scientific anomalies is decidedly unlikely. Talking to Palmer about things like UFOs, the Bermuda Triangle, Sasquatch, and Nessie is usually futile. He listens to what I have to say, takes a few pokes at it, and we end the conversation agreeing to disagree. But this time I think things are finally starting to sink in.
We look at each other in silence for a moment or two while I (once more) toy with the idea of telling him about this afternoon’s impromptu meeting with Stanley, but I can’t think of a way to go about it.  How might I tell him I lost the modulator without putting up much of a fight? That I may have endangered the life of Stanley or someone else? That I handed over any proof of the Magical Mystery Tour I might have had? That he should brace himself because once Stanley releases his information to the Media, our credibility as scientists would most probably be in jeopardy?
I decide not to say anything, at least, not for now.
"I guess until I speak with Reyes,” I continue, “there's nothing more to do." I look at the pizza box still on the table in front of us. "I'm sorry. I'm not really very hungry right now." I touch his forearm. "The pizza was a good idea, though. Really.
"I think I'm just going to turn in."
As I change into my pajamas, I hear Palmer in the kitchen wrapping the pizza in Saran and putting it into the fridge.

For or Against?
Motar Prefect sat at arm's length from Reyes on a bench in the Prefecture Gardens. He reached deep into his cloak and withdrew a small satchel, struggled briefly with the tie on the satchel, and, once opened, began to strew its contents on the grass at his feet.
Reyes suppressed a smile at the rustic-sweet scent of the contents of Motar's satchel. Bread crumbs, various cereals and grains, Helianthus seeds, groundnuts and Ribes rubram, tossed with honey and butter and baked until toasted. It reminded him of a simpler time in his mother's kitchen when he and his siblings would assemble the mixture and salivate as the warmth of toasted oats and moldered honey permeated the house. When the mixture had cooled, Reyes and his siblings would break it into gaming-cube-sized blocks, package it, and feed it to the animals and birds which called the Prefecture home.
Most households had a variant of this fodder, usually a closely guarded secret passed on through the generations. The irony of it was that in some prefectures, it was rumoured the birds and animals ate better than the Infs responsible for growing the self same berries, grains and seeds.
A gathering of animals lingered at Motar's feet. "It feels as though we haven’t had a fraternal in a carp's life." Motar spoke to the animals. Reyes had wished this meeting remain as clandestine as possible. To the unsuspecting onlooker, their meeting must appear as happenstance, two unrelated prefects sharing a brief respite on the same bench, or at most, a chance encounter between old friends. 
The weather was unusually agreeable for the time of year, mild, with a quiet chill. The grass remained a delicious shade of green, unaffected by the first bite of frost which had visited whilst everyone slept and had left by dawn following, unbeknownst to the Prefecture populace. "I feel I must apologize for that," said Reyes in low tones. "You and my father were great friends once. Like brothers. I have neglected that relationship since my father's expiration."
Motar chuckled briefly. "You speak as if you bear sole responsibility for our estrangement. Surely Atlas is your patron deity."
	"Careful, Motar," Reyes warned, "or people might suspect you've become a Relen."
"Bach," Motar said, waving Reyes off with his hand. He rubbed the thumb of his waving hand over the pads of his fingertips as if he were just now aware of how sticky the animal feed had made them. Errant seeds took flight as he did. "My point is it is I who owes you an apology, Reyes. I was the adult, I allowed your father to ingratiate myself to you in avuncular fashion. The responsibility to maintain the relationship rested with me after your father expired."
Reyes reverted to proverbs in an attempt to alleviate the old man's guilt. "There are enough broken eggs between us to feed the Prefecture." Motar snorted once by way of a laugh and tossed another handful of feed to the animals. A T. striatus loitering at Motar's feet, no larger than a mouse, undulated its tail as it masticated a cube of feed twice the size of its head. Fascinating animals, those of the genera Tamais. Reyes watched as the animal first gnawed at the cube with its teeth and then switched to hand-like paws to break it into pieces small enough to transport to its burrow.
"You belonged to my father's terraforming contingency. You were my father's confidant, his partner, his brother." Reyes managed to stifle the impulse to look at Motar square on as he spoke. It was hard to carry on a conversation with the person sitting next to you in the absence of eye contact. "It was the two of you who refined the terraforming process. It was you, alongside my father, who discovered the damaging consequences of the process on the environ. When my father writ and ratified The Pact, you were his strongest and most vocal supporter—"
"Bach," Motar said, once more stirring the air with a wave of his hand. "You make us out to be heroes. We were at fault. We caused the problem. Your father and I are hailed—and wrongly at that—as saviours of the planet for our work on The Pact, when in fact we were just accepting responsibility, cleaning up the mess we, ourselves, had made.
"Do not misunderstand, Reyes, in no way do I mean to disparage your father. He was a great man, may he be remembered fondly in this world—"
"And the next," Reyes responded by rote. 
"The technology we developed:  terraforming...phase shifting..." he shook his head."All is one error upon another to lead us here. The integrity of The Pact must not, has not, been broken, yet, as the appearance of your Earth friend suggests, Cataclysm is still impending."
"This is what I wish to speak with you of, my friend. The integrity of The Pact is no longer sacrosanct."
At this disclosure, Motar could no longer avert his gaze. He spoke his next words whilst gazing at Reyes square on, in full view of passersby. "Blasphemy!" Motar paused after his outburst and then, perhaps remembering his earlier jest with Reyes about being mistaken for a Relen, chuckled.
"Suppose I told you I had evidence to the contrary, evidence proving beyond doubt, deliberate phase shifts continue as a matter of course?"
"No," Motar said, shaking his head, "you must be mistaken."
"No mistake, Motar."
"But to what end? For what purpose?"
"Trade."
"With Earth?" Motar asked in disbelief.
Reyes nodded.
"Bach," Motar said as he gestured. "Your father spoke of Earth—of the people, their economy, their indulgence in spite of the consequences—with disdain. He fought to sever all relations with the planet decades ago."
"I know this to be true. Yet if you could see Earth—their system of global communication, their futile, feeble attempts at repairing the environment, their experimentation with fuel sources other than the norm—you, too would be convinced."
"Your father fought against contact," Motar repeated, quietly, and then on a bolder tact, "I fought alongside your father, fought for the indoctrination of The Pact into every citizen."
"My father gave his life for The Pact."
"Sometimes it seems as though I have as well..."
The men sat in silence. A choir of  L. melanocephalus cawed, hoping to prompt Motar's feeding hand back to motion. Tiny T. striatus looked up expectantly hopeful, chirping in anticipation.
"Motar," Reyes said, about to test the waters, "what if I told you there were a small faction of prefects involved in secretive trade with Earth? What if I told you I had been approached by these prefects—in confidence—to join them in the betrayal of my Gaian brethren, to join them in spoiling the livelihood of my lineage and their survival?"
After a moment's pause, Motar said, "I would respond in sorrow, but not in surprise."
"Respond with honesty, Motar: are you a member of this secretive faction?"
"If you mean to ask if I am involved in active trade with Earth, the answer is no. If you mean to ask if I am aware of the existence of this trade, then I must answer in the affirmative."
"How long have you known? Why have you not done something about this?"
"I have not known, not for certain, not until today, but I have had my suspicions for kalend cycles, almost as numerous as your life is long, Reyes. As for why I have not done anything about it? I am old, Reyes. Social upheaval is an appointment for the young."
"But you were once as young as I am now."
"And we fought, your father and I, fought, it seemed, with each and every breath. When you are young, you can afford to wear proud incredulity like a new, expertly woven frock. Then one day, dawn beaks and you realize you have spent more time on this planet than you are likely to have left. The incredulity wears off and the frock seems more of an underdoublet. It remains close to your heart, but hidden, not the primary garment you show to the world."
"I have been approached by this secret faction. They bade me to join them."
"Then you have a choice to make, my friend, as once had I. You must join them, enjoy the fruits of their clandestine, but lucrative labours, or you must let life go on as it always has, convince yourself of the sanctity of The Pact and live as though the doctrine is, in fact, upheld as sacrosanct by those around you."
Reyes considered Motar's advice. "The renegade prefects are led by Goren Prefect."
"A formidable opponent." Motar nodded. "Are you up for the task? A Second Prefect's word against that of a First? If you choose the path of resistance, it will not be easy."
"This is why I ask you to join me in my battle, Motar. You are a First Prefect. Assist me as you assisted my father. Help me stop Goren and his cohort."
Motar shook his head and chuckled once more. "As I said before, Reyes, I am an old man. I am not long to join your father in the next world." Motar cleared his throat. He upturned his feed satchel. The animals between his feet rushed at the crumbs as they fell. "I support you, whole-heartedly, but I cannot join you. You might approach some of the younger First Prefects in the Prefecture for support. Sholan, or perhaps Komar." The old man stood. "I have enjoyed our talk, Reyes. Let us not wait a carp's life to do this again, eh? Perhaps next time we might meet indoors, over brewed chicory in the refectory? Or for a game of King's Court, perhaps? I will bring the cards." He took a step and then turned. "I wish you well in your endeavour, Reyes." He continued a deliberate retreat to the building in the distance.  


Molly Makes the Connection 
I come out of the en suite and turn the television on, find the eleven o'clock news and toss the remote on the bed. I go back into the bathroom for a moment, massaging lotion into my hands, and sit on the edge of the bed to watch the news. Palmer moves toward me, straddling me from behind. 
He kisses the nape of my neck. 
I didn’t think I was in the mood, but I moan in spite of myself and toss my head back so it's resting on his chest, just below his shoulder. 
We kiss. His teeth and tongue taste of mint.
Our lips part company and I lean forward, allowing him easy access to the back of my neck. He kisses it, then works his way across the clavicle and then down toward my breast.
Something on the television catches my attention. I look up. "Oh my God," I say. Palmer looks off guard. It's neither the tone nor the expression I think one would expect at this point in the love making. "I know that girl," I say. I reach over for the remote and turn up the volume.
"...three year old Cecelia Mubari case..." says the news anchor.
"What do you mean, you know her?"
"I've seen her before. Recently." I  can’t quite place my finger on where. Think, Molly, think. It’ll come to me, I know, it’s on the tip of my tongue.
The girl's photograph is replaced with an age-enhanced composite. "...Cecilia has brown hair and brown eyes and was last seen wearing a blue gingham dress..."
"Molly, that's one of my composites," Palmer says. It's something the police get him to do, create age-enhanced composite drawings for cold cases, especially where missing children are concerned. He takes an original photograph, plunks landmark measurements into the computer and the software ages the photograph. "You probably saw the sketch on my computer when I was working on it."
"...call 222-TIPS. Calls are anonymous..." the anchor continues.
Story over, Palmer returns to his neck nibbling, and it hits me. Where I’ve seen her before. "Do you know where the digital camera is?" I ask, shooting off the bed and out the door. A moment or two later and Palmer joins me in the office. When he gets there, I’m standing on a chair and using the camera's zoom to focus on an object on the desk in front of me. I snap a few times and then climb down from the chair.
"Molly?" he says as if he’s unable to fathom what in the world I’m up to now. He almost sounds like Ricky about to launch a tirade after Lucy's dispatched another of her hair-brained schemes. 
"Can you do that aging thing in reverse?" I ask, connecting the camera to the computer. "How good does the quality have to be?"
"I don't know. Good enough to be able to complete a set of measurements." He sits in a chair in front of my desk looking bewildered. When he realizes I’ve been taking pictures of my  Geo-link handset, he looks more curious than confused.
"How's this one?" I turn the computer monitor so he can see the display. The graphic is poor quality, dark and slightly out of focus.
"It's do-able," he says, "but only if you tell me what this is about."
I flash him a look of frustration.  
"Who is he?" Palmer asks.
"Samkin Tailor," I say. "Remember? The guy I met at The Antiquary? The guy who took me to Sanctuary?"
"Okay," he says. "Why did you take a picture of him?"
"I was testing to see if I could capture graphics with the handset."
"Why do you want me to regress his photo, Moll? Why him"
"Something Sam and that woman prefect said to me that's been bothering me." I swivel my chair until I’m facing him. "Sam said he was drawn to me because of the EM broadcast of my modulator. He also said every Relen broadcasts the same frequency as my modulator."
"But Gaians broadcast at the Gaian frequency," Palmer says. 
"But not the Relens. They broadcast on a slightly altered frequency that's the same as the modulator."
"Maybe it's a congenital defect," he suggests. “There are myriad parallels on Earth, people born with a congenital genetic anomaly like Albinism or Hermaphroditism. Both conditions mark the inflicted as perennially different, while allowing them to live long and healthy lives. Maybe some Gaians are born with a slightly altered phase resonance."
"Assuming those with the altered phase resonance were born on Gaia."  The suggestion takes him by surprise. Me too. I hadn’t thought of it until this very minute. 
"Of course they were born on Gaia. Why wouldn't they be?" 
I shake my head and lean back in my chair. "I don't know, Palmer. I mean, think about it: an altered frequency isn't the only thing all Relens have in common."
"The scar," Palmer realizes.
I smile and nod. "The scar. Always the same shape and always near a major artery.
"I know you don't like to indulge in the pseudo-science stuff, but alien abductees frequently complain of strange triangular or scoop-like scars on their bodies that are commonly taken to be evidence of implantation of some kind of device."
"Implantation?"
"Think about it, Palmer.  Why would someone born on Gaia need a modulator to stay on Gaia?"
"Maybe there is a more down to earth reason for the implants—if the scar is evidence of such. If we explore the congenital defect route, maybe it's something more like a pace maker that's been implanted."
"If that were the case, wouldn't someone like a first prefect know the technology existed?" I lean forward in my seat, prop my elbows on the table, rest my chin on my hands and say, "These people haven't a clue as to how they got their scars.  They think they're born with them. They believe so many people born with the exact same scar in one of three exact locations points to proof of God."
"So?"
"So why did that woman—that Trozai—want me to investigate similar scars on Earth if she didn't think there was a connection? What if there's something more sinister at work here? What if their EMFs match mine because the devices creating the EMFs are the same? Same or similar devices utilized for the same purpose—to keep a person on Gaia."
"Again I ask,” Palmer says, “why would someone born on Gaia need a modulator to stay on Gaia?"
"A person born on Gaia doesn't need a modulator to stay on Gaia, Palmer." Having proven my point, I relax back into my chair again.
"A person born on Gaia doesn't need a modulator to stay on Gaia," he repeats.
"But a person born on Earth—" I continue.
"A person born on Earth does," he says. I can't believe we’ve come to this conclusion.  The idea is brilliant.
And then it hits me, "Oh my God," I say. "Cecilia Mubari. The more I think about it, the more I'm sure I saw her on Gaia. At the prefecture. And Palmer? She had a crescent scar. Right here." I point to a spot on my neck near the jugular.
Palmer leans forward in his chair. “So you’re saying that Reyes suspected the integrity of The Pact had already been broken.” 
I nod.  “The similarities between the Geo-link handset and modern pocket PCs like the iPhone, and the data display on the handset and the World Wide Web prove, to my mind, anyway, that trade between Gaia and Earth has been ongoing for at least half a century, maybe more.”
Palmer leans back in his chair looking as if he’s been gut-punched. “I don’t know, Moll,” he says. “Trade in goods and services is one thing, I can see that happening. Look at the drug trade, for example.  The fact dealing is illegal hasn't stopped any number of enterprising persons from turning a tidy profit.  
“Inanimate contraband is one thing, but trading for people?”
He reaches for the phone."What are you doing?" I ask.
"I'm going to notify the police." 
"And tell them what, exactly?  Cecelia Mubari is alive and well and living on another world? Good idea.  Especially if you never want to consult for them again."
He relaxes his hand and we exchange a look. 
"If it were my child, I'd want to know," he tells me.
"If it were my child, I'd want to know, too.  If it were my child I wouldn't rest until she were safe in my arms. But that's not going to happen. Cecelia can't ever come home."
"Why not? You have a modulator. You know where she is.  You can go back for her."
"She can't come back, not if she has an implant. The implants are placed near major arteries in the body for a reason, Palmer."
He nods. "To make their removal impossible. Life threatening at best."
"Reyes already suspects trade between the worlds hasn't ended.  Maybe he can do something to prevent it from continuing in the future."
We sit in silence for a while. Then Palmer says, "Where does your friend Sam fit into all this?"
"If you can regress Sam to see what he looked like as a child, if we can match his picture to a database of cold child abduction cases from fifteen or twenty years ago, if we can prove he was born on Earth—" 
"That's a lot of 'ifs'," he says.
I don’t know what to say. He’s right. The odds are astronomical, at best. 
"And let's say you find Sam's picture in the database.  What then? What would you do with the information?"
"I don't know, Palmer. One step at a time, I guess.  Do your magic with the picture first and we'll take it from there."
‘One step at a time’, my newfound mantra.
He agrees to do Sam's regression starting tomorrow, but only if I promise to go to bed and try to get a good night's sleep. 
Reluctantly, I agree.
Stanley Checks Out
At the foot of Stanley's driveway. In the rain.  Police offer me hot drinks and dry blankets. Refuge from the drizzle in a cruiser. They think they're helping. Won't help take the chill off. 
Three police cars. Two fire engines. One ambulance. Yellow police tape on the property line. Surreal. Like I'm on television. A TV crime show. Waiting on the coroner. Where's Palmer? Time passes in waves. Folds in and around itself. Inconsistent. 
A woman approaches. Uniformed. Tries to get me into the back of the ambulance. Wants to talk.  Her attempt is unsuccessful. Can't move.  Need to stay where I can see Stanley's front door. In case he comes out. In case it's all been a mistake.  Waiting on Palmer. 
Palmer pulls up. Parallel parks. I blink. He's out of the car. Blink again. Halves the distance. Blink once more and he's behind me. His hands rest on my shoulders. He squeezes. "You okay?" I hear him ask.
"Stanley's dead," I tell him. He already knows. Told him earlier. When I called. "I called 9-1-1." He knows this too. His idea. Told me to. Once I had hung up with him.
"I know," he says, voice a gentle caress. He kisses my forehead. "I know." He shudders and pulls his overcoat collar tight. "You're chilled to the bone." He states the obvious. "Why haven't they offered you shelter?"
Hard to speak. Police have been good. Kind. I want to tell him. Can't. 
I let Palmer lead me to the nearest cruiser. He opens the back door and sets me inside. Leaves. Comes back. Brings me a blanket. I discard the old one. Momentary chill. He drapes me with the blanket. "You okay?" he asks again. 
"Yeah, fine," I mumble. Body is numb. Brain is numb. Can't think beyond present. Interwoven with the past. Folding in and around itself. Inconsistent. "Fine."  Palmer's gone again.
Time passes. One minute, one second indistinguishable from the next. I look up. Palmer's in a huddle. With three constables. More time passes. Two figures materialize in front of me. Two men. One of them is Palmer, the other a police constable. 'Detective Constable Allard', it says on his name tag.
Palmer squats on the pavement in front of me, his face at my eye level. He reaches out. Squeezes my shoulder. Twice. "You okay?"
I nod. He rubs my shoulder, a gesture more seen than felt beneath my heavy, woolen cape. "They want to ask you a few questions," he says softly.  "Because you're the one who found him." He speaks slowly. As if contemplating each word before he speaks it. As if he doesn't want to upset me. His voice is cloaked in kid gloves as if handling damaged goods. "I told them it was okay."
I nod. 
"Do you think you'll be okay to talk to them?"
I nod. It's all I can manage.  I try to say, "Yes" but the word gets lost somewhere between my throat and lips. I almost forget why I'm here. Then I remember:  Stanley. Dead. Done with him. Once and for all.  The thought makes me sick.
Allard is at least as tall as Palmer. He has sandy hair, which pokes out from under a hat with yellow brocade. It’s covered with a plastic shower cap. He wears a clear, plastic raincoat over his uniform. "Ms. McBride?" I hear him say.  "My name is Constable Allard."
Again I nod. I'm not ready for this. Please don't make me talk. Not about Stanley. I just want to go home. Change my clothes. Get into bed. Stay there. Forever, if need be.
"Ms. McBride, can you tell me how you knew Mr. Hume?"
"I told you," I hear Palmer answer for me, "he was an acquaintance of my wife's."
"If you don't mind, sir," Allard admonishes, "I'd like to speak with your wife directly."
Palmer nods. Blinks rapidly. Gives Allard the go ahead.
"Ms. McBride?" I hear Allard ask.
"Like Palmer said.  An acquaintance.  I was doing research for him.  Some artifacts he found while gardening.  I came over to tell him what I'd found."
"Artifacts?" says Allard.  "Can you give me a for instance?"
"Some things he found in his backyard.  A photograph, a coin, a cigarette case. Stuff like that."
Palmer smiles uncomfortably. He was probably expecting something a little further from the truth.
"And so you came over to tell him what?  The results of your research?"
"Uh-huh," I say. I nod. My knee insists on bouncing the balls of my feet on the door runner enhancing the general sensation of nervousness. Stops when I think about it.
"And when you came over the door was open?"
"I guess he was expecting me." Invited me in his voice mail.  Said he needed someone to bear witness. 
Arrived mid afternoon. The door closed but open. No answer at the bell. I tried the knob. It turned and opened. Like he was expecting me. Like he knew I'd come. 
"And how would he know you were coming?"
"I spoke to him first," I say, "at least, I tried to speak to him first.  Like I told you:  we were acquaintances.  I wouldn't feel right just showing up on his doorstep like that."
"But you didn't speak."
I shake my head.  "I called him, but there was no answer."  
"But you came over anyway."
"His message sounded urgent." More like manic. Call came in during my classes. Couldn't get there 'til midday. It was tantamount to suicide, pushing the button. Why couldn't he see that?  Voice mail recording final last words, preserved immemorial. He had led a boring life, he'd said, had accomplished nothing. This would put him on the map, so to speak, make his life, and quite possibly his death, seem worthwhile. If he succeeded, he'd be hailed as the first in a new breed of explorers. Discoverer of new sciences. If he failed, people would remember his sacrifice.
Almost missed the message. My computer takes forever to boot. Serendipitously, I got bored waiting and checked my voice mail in the interim. Might have already been too late. 
I waded through my spam and tried Stanley again. Still no answer.
Decided to go over and check on him in person. Don't know why. Last time he'd contacted a lawyer. Threatened me with the police. I was hoping he'd wait for me. He'd waited until morning to call. What was a few hours more?
"So the door was open when you arrived?" asks Allard.
I hesitated before ringing the bell. Then I listened. Waited. Nothing. No movement from within. No creak of warped joists. No banging footsteps. Only silence. Eerie. Foreboding.  
Another ring. Then three quick knocks on the door. Still nothing. No Stanley. More banging. This time with open palm, calling his name. Ear pressed up against the wood. Nothing but silence.   
I tried the knob. It turned and opened. Like he was expecting me. Like he knew I'd come.
A quick nod to Allard.
"Okay.  So the door was open and what?  You just went inside?" asks Allard.
"Like I told you:  he was expecting me.  I went inside the house and I immediately noticed the smell of something burning.  Like meat." Inside was smoke-filled.  Smoggy. Like someone had bar-b-qued indoors. The smell not unpleasant. Like burnt roast.
A man marries a woman. She's a gourmet cook. Husband doesn't appreciate the mealtime effort. One day she falls asleep with the oven on. Burns dinner. Serves it anyway. Hopes hubby won't notice. Man tastes food. Satisfied. Commends wifey. "Just like mother used to make," he says.  
Sick. I stifle a laugh.
"Burnt roast," I say. Thick bile threatens to come up. I swallow.  
A hand comes to rest on my shoulder. Squeezes. Palmer. I shrug him off. He’s way too close. I may barf. He's wearing Hush Puppy loafers. Nubuck is the most difficult material to clean.
Gas comes up instead. Relief. 
"Constable...Allard, was it?" Palmer interjects.  "Can't we do this another time?  My wife is having a difficult time with this."
"No," I say. Knee starts up again. Bouncing uncontrollably. Nervous. Like I have something to hide. I make it stop. "I'm okay.  Let's get this over with." I close my eyes and I'm there again. Transported back.
I go through Stanley's kitchen. I call him.  
No answer. 
I find him in the parlour. What's left of him.
I have enough presence of mind to think, "There but for the Grace of God..." and then I'm running. I make it to the bathroom in time to expel lunch.
"He was in the parlour," I tell Allard. "Smouldering. Like he'd burned from the torso out, toward the extremities, only the fire ran out of fuel along the way. All that was left were his arms below the elbows and his feet."  I close my eyes and breathe. Deeply. The air smells of worms and dirt. A lump forms in my throat. I swallow it. "One leg ended mid-calf," I say, voice monotone. I can see him now, what's left of him. As though it were for the first time. Gruesome vision unfolding in front of me. I open my eyes hoping the film will stop running. "The other leg tapered off about an inch above the ankle.  
"Oh, God," I say. I shoot out of the back of the cruiser. Push through the men, the cop and my husband. Cough up bitter bile. Spit between the trunks of Stanley's shrubbery in front of my feet. I wipe my mouth. Use the back of my hand. Return to my seat.
"Sorry," I say. 
Palmer flashes a smile. Brief. Reassuring.
"We're almost done here, Ms. McBride," Allard says. He looks green, too. After hearing the retching.  
I nod. Pull my legs up. Rest them on the runner beneath the door. 
"After you found Mr. Hume's remains, what did you do then?"
In the bathroom I flush the toilet. Splash cold water on my face. Look at my reflection in the mirror. I look old. Grey. Tired. I look at the water in the bowl as it finishes its flush. Water level slowly rises. Trying to get up enough nerve to go back. To the parlour. To Stanley. What's left of him. 
Smouldering remains. Walls charred, but not burnt. Baseball-sized hole in the Oriental rug beneath him. Beneath where his torso should have been. Blackened edges. Room otherwise unharmed. In the centre of the remains, where his belly button had once been, is a small, circular, soot-covered object. The modulator.
I pick it up. It's hot to the touch. Too hot. It tattoos itself to the inside of my palm. I try to drop it. It sticks. Branded to the skin. I shake my hand. It drops. Takes off skin when it falls. Bleeds.
There's a tea towel in the kitchen, striped russet, chocolate and tan. Masculine. I use it to hold the searing modulator and staunch the bleeding. 
I call Palmer's office. Get Rosy. Leave a message. Try his cell. Unavailable. Takes some time but I punch out a text message. My hand is throbbing. Burning. Is this what he felt? Stanley? After pushing the button?
Palmer calls. All I can do is cry. He urges me to call 9-1-1. He's on his way.
I'm on hold with 9-1-1 for an eternity. It takes almost as long to explain to the operator what's happened. Not every day someone bursts into flames, I bet. Then, at last, they're on their way. 
I look at my feet. "I called my husband and then I called 9-1-1," I say. My voice sounds small.
"You called your husband before calling 9-1-1?" Allard asks. He questions the order of events. He trusts me not to lie. And I'm not. Lying. I'm omitting.
I look at Allard. He should know why I called Palmer first. If he were married, he would know. "Whenever anything happens, good or bad, he's always the first one I think of calling."
Allard glances at Palmer. Palmer smiles, apologetically and shrugs his shoulders.  "Of course you do," Allard says. His tone conveys discomfort. Like he'd forgotten Palmer was there. My husband. Standing right beside him. The man I'd called first.  
"And did you use Mr. Hume's telephone?" Allard asks.  "For either call."
I remember using my cell for something. The text message to Palmer. His call afterward. Did I use it to call 9-1-1? "I don't think so.  The smell.  It was..." I can't finish. I want to say, 'unbearable'. "Overwhelming," I say, then stop. Let the word hang in the air. Until it’s washed away by the rain.
No one else speaks. Then Allard says, "Well then, from where?"
"My cell.  I think."  I say. I look up at the men, long enough to see Palmer smile, masking the worry I read in his eyes. My neck stiffens. I look down again. Back at my feet. At the asphalt of Stanley's driveway. At a worm stretching and contracting. Twisting. Trying to close the distance between Allard's toes and the lawn.
Palmer asks, "Is my wife under arrest, Constable?"
Allard finishes writing in his notepad. Makes a flourish of crossing the last T in the sentence. "No, sir, she's not," he says.  
Not yet, I hear. It’s hidden in his tone, not said outright. 
"One more question, Ms. McBride.  Did Mr. Hume seem depressed lately?  Not himself."
"Like I told you Constable, my wife and Hume were nothing more than acquaintances," Palmer offers.
"I'd like to hear it from your wife, if I may," Allard tells him.  "Ms. McBride?"
"You want to know if this was a suicide," I say. I know this is what he's asking. It's a stupid question. Only someone psychotic would have the temerity to do this. Intentional burning. "You actually think he did this to himself?" 
Allard moves his mouth but no sound comes out.
"I saw no suicide note, Constable." I sound angry. "I found no accelerant."  I look at Allard, then at Palmer. He is pale.  Have I said too much?  Is it better to let them think Stanley killed himself?  Stanley was giddy in his last message. Charged. This wasn't suicide. Reckless disregard? Maybe. Stupid? Probably. But not suicide. "I didn't know him all that well, Constable, but no.  He didn't seem depressed."
Allard writes copious notes. Long pauses germinate between his questions. Set down roots. Begin to bud.  
"Constable?" Palmer asks when Allard neglects to break-off from his scribbling. 
He looks up from his notebook, questioning.
"Is that all?" Palmer reiterates.
"Huh?  Oh, yes.  You can go now.  But Ms. McBride should remain close to home in case we need to question her again.  You know, in case we missed anything."
Palmer nods.  "Thank you, sir," he says.  He holds out a hand for Allard to shake.  
I chance it and look up into Allard's eyes where I find mistrust. I force a smile.  "Thank you," I say.
Palmer helps me out of the police cruiser. Walks me back to our car. Links an arm in mine. Steadies it with the opposite hand.

After Stanley Checks Out
The rhythmic patter of the rain on the windshield has a calming effect. In spite of the fact we're out of the weather, I can't help but shiver. I can sense Palmer considering me, wet puppy, licking her wounds. Stanley's dead, my mind repeats and repeats again, needle stuck in a groove. Stanley's dead and I killed him. Palmer wriggles out of his overcoat and then his suit jacket. He drapes the jacket over me and wriggles back into his overcoat, gifting me his woolen warmth and spicy scent. My hand hurts. The burn bites into the flesh as though eating away at it, cushioning itself with a liquid-filled, pulsing pustule.
"What happened here, Moll?" Palmer asks. He startles me when he speaks. I've been zoning in on the constant drum of water beading on the car's exterior. 
"You heard what I told Allard," I say. "It was the truth."
"What I mean is: how did Hume get ahold of the modulator?"
I hadn't told Palmer about what transpired during Stanley's visit yesterday, or even of the visit itself. It's not that I was trying to hide it from him. I just couldn't figure out how to broach the subject. "I gave it to him."
"You just...gave it to him?"
"He's been calling me all week about the fucking thing." I hadn't told Palmer about the calls either. He tends to assume the role of aggressive male, thrusting out his chest and thumping it loudly to ward off perceived threats to his mate.  "He must've left twenty messages over the last few days alone.
"I thought I could ignore him and he'd go away, you know? Give up. But then he just showed up at the house yesterday, demanding the artifacts. What else was I supposed to do?"
"Call me."
"You never have your cell on when you're lecturing. 
"I told him we were still working on it.  I begged him to let me keep it for a few more days.  I figured if I could just hold onto it until I saw Reyes again, maybe he would know how to deactivate it and then Stanley could have it. He gave me five minutes before calling the police."
"You should've let him."
I shook my head. "Different story, same result. The police would've made me give Stanley back the artifacts and he still would've gone home and pushed the button. Only now there's a police report documenting the altercation and I'm starting to look good for Stanley's murder.
"I guess I figured if I gave him the artifacts, Stanley Hume would be gone from my life for good."
"I guess you got what you wanted then," he says without emotion.
"That's not fair," I say, meeting his lack of emotion with a thrust of mine. "That's just..." not fair, I want to repeat, but can't find the words. 
Stanley Hume's dead. I killed him. 
What's wrong with Palmer? I'm disappointed in him, quite frankly. 
"Stanley's dead, Palmer," I say with deliberation, "and I'm not blind to the role I played in his death. I killed him, as surely as if I'd asked him to play Russian roulette with a fully loaded barrel."  Usually, Palmer's this magnificent guy, always attentive, always thoughtful, a throwback to the time when men respected women and people understood what 'chivalry' meant. Times like this, times of severe stress, I see him for what he really is: just a man. And the realization is frightening. 
"You mean, 'the role we played'," he says, gallant. I shake off his comment. Palmer was at school, where I should have been. It was my decision to give Stanley the artifacts, and mine alone. 
"God, Palmer!" I blurt, "I warned him.  I told him we experimented with charging it.  I told him we were unsuccessful and it would be dangerous to activate it at all." I chance a look at him. He's staring into the windshield. I wish I could feel as numb as he looks right at this very moment. "He had Prescott's papers.  He knew what it could do. And he went ahead and pushed the button anyway."
A knock on the window seems to surprise Palmer as much as it does me. It's Allard. I can't find the tissue box. My fingertips brush away tears from my cheeks and eyes. To my surprise, Palmer sniffles. He blinks. A tiny droplet falls from his lashes and is whisked away with the palm of his hand almost before it lands on his cheek. He has to turn the key in the ignition to lower the driver's side window.
"Everything ok here?" Allard says.
Palmer nods. "My wife's just a little unsettled at the whole thing. You know how it is."
"Sure.  Look, the investigation's ongoing.  You need to be on your way."
"Of course, Officer.  Thank you," Palmer says. He rolls the window up and reaches to start the car. I wait for Allard's shadow to fall into the distance.
"Palmer?" I say. He drops his hand from the ignition to his lap. "I have a confession to make." He turns his head to face me. "I wasn't entirely honest with Allard back there." Before he can speak, I show him the modulator. It sits balanced in the crook of my open palm.
"I don't understand," Palmer says. He shifts his body in the driver's seat, turning his torso to face me. 
"I found it in the middle of the body.  Of Stanley's body.  At about his midriff.  It was still hot.  Burned itself into my hand when I picked it up.  I think I have a blister."  I can't look at him. Instead, I stay focused on the modulator.
"Let me get this straight:  you took the modulator.  From Stanley's remains.  Before the police got there."
I say nothing in response.
	"You tampered with a crime scene, Moll," he says, voice slightly raised. 
"No. Not a crime scene. No crime has been committed," I say, surprised at how angry my voice sounds. Angry at the accusation, at what he's accusing me of. I decide it's finally time. Time to chance a look at him. Is that contempt I read in his eyes? I can't believe he blames me for this. 
I look away. I spend a second or two studying the varied paths the rain takes as gravity carries it down and along the windshield. "Stanley did this to himself," I say after what feels like an eternity. "I told him not to press the button.  I told him..."
We revert back to lost eye contact in silence until I turn my body toward Palmer and see he's shaking his head. He's looking down at his hands writhing nervously in his lap.
"Both of our fingerprints were on it," I say. The bombshell of a confession I've just detonated has formed a chasm between us. "Had the police found it and realized that we might both be implicated."
"Implicated in what, Moll?  You said there was no crime."
"There wasn't.  But because his death is suspicious—"
"That's an understatement if ever there was one."
"There'll be an investigation, you said it yourself. Ultimately we are responsible for his death.  We were the ones who charged that thing in the first place." Across the abyss between the bucket seats he looks pained. As though realization has just set in. And though he said it before, this time he looks as if he actually believes he played a part in setting the stage for another man's death.  
I reach for his hand across the rift between us. I need to somehow close the gap. To know we're still okay. That he and I will survive this. That we can repair whatever it is that tonight has broken.
He flinches as my hand nears his. For a fraction of a second I think he's going to pull his hand away, and tell me tonight has rendered us irreparable.  But then he takes my hand and squeezes. Once. Hard.
Without looking at me he says, "Without the modulator they'll label his death 'unexplained' and they'll let it go." His voice is cold. Distant.
"Think about it Palmer," I say, "think about what might have happened had one of the officers found it and decided to press the button himself.  What if there was just enough juice left in the thing to incinerate the officer as well?  Believe me, taking the modulator was the best thing I could do under the circumstances.  Besides—"
Allard's shadow reappears at Palmer's window. "Allard," I say. I pull my hand from Palmer's grasp. Allard gives two quick raps on the window. Time to go. I bury the modulator in Palmer's jacket pocket and reach for my shoulder belt.
Palmer turns the key in his ignition and lowers the window once more. Delicate drops of rain begin to pepper the vinyl of his door. "Constable," he says.
"Everything all right in there?"  Allard asks as he nods at me.
Palmer glances at me. The chasm has finally closed and we are once more co-conspirators instead of adversaries. "Fine," he says. Then he adds, "My wife's still a bit upset." From this angle I think I can make out an affable smile forming on Palmer's lips.
"That's understandable," Allard agrees.
"Thank you, Constable," Palmer says. He extends a hand through the open window at Allard who accepts it. "For your concern, I mean," Palmer says. 
He waves as he raises the window and I manage a smile, and then Allard is nothing more than a dark, shrinking form through the rear window. 

SOHO
"Sweet son-of-a-bitch!" Bob Diaz said after whistling through his teeth. He focused on the graph on the monitor in front of him. Another C1 spike. And the media and police have been mute about the whole thing. That meant either one of two things. Either there was a massive governmental cover up surrounding some nuclear disaster, or they weren't aware the blasts were occurring at all.  
Subversive nuclear detonations or subversive government plot. The more Diaz thought about it, the more he was certain he didn't know which scenario was the scarier of the two.
"Well?" asked John Rice. He had been the first to discover the most recent blast. And the one before it. He was also the one to catch Henry "Ozzie" Osmund sleeping on the job. Rice had caught him prone on the battered old sofa, snoring louder than a teenager's MP3 player.
"It's a C1, alright," Diaz confirmed. "Roughly the same magnitude as the others."
"It's coming from Canada, Sir. South-central Ontario. Same as before."
"Isn't there a way we can pinpoint it any closer?"
Rice nodded. He clicked around a bit on the computer. "Triangulation's coming in now." He clicked again, fetched something from the printer and took it to the wall map. "Over here," he called to Diaz who joined him in front of the map.
"Right there," Rice said as he pointed to the origin of the flare.
"Toronto?" 
Rice nodded. "What now, sir?"
Diaz lifted the receiver of the nearest phone. "I think it's time I made that call to Homeland Security." He began dialing.
Stanley's Aftermath
I watch Palmer from the doorway of his office for a moment. He's at his desk pouring over what's probably a student's essay. Every so often he frowns and offers feedback in broad green strokes, never red. He's of the mind that psychologically, red marks on a student's work have a detrimental effect. I'm partial to purple, myself.
I stand there afraid to breathe, willing him to sense me before I reveal my hiding in plain sight. Instead, he slides his fingers beneath the frame of his glasses, rubs his eyes, clears his throat and flips the page. 
With every motion, every nuance of his breath, I am heartened by the idea of "us". Our first conversation, our first kiss, our first time together, rush in with extreme clarity, as though they happened only yesterday. Every time he was there for me, every time I was there for him, and all the times between, engulf my consciousness.  I never tire of watching him like this, never get bored of cataloguing every gesture, every movement, every blink, every wrinkle. God, he's beautiful.
When at last it feels as though my heart might burst if I wait any longer, I knock three quick raps on the doorjamb. 
Palmer smiles at me. The skin around his eyes remains slack rendering the exquisite gesture false.
"Hey," I say.
"Hey back."
"Are you ready to go? We should have just enough time to get there if they're quick at the border and traffic's on our side."
"Yeah, I've been thinking about that," he says. He takes off his glasses and rubs his eyes once more. "I don't think we should go."
"But I already got the tickets," I say. It's a lame retort. I bought the tickets a while ago, long before I'd ever met Stanley Hume and his amazing artifacts. Back then, it was an open and shut case of simple hero worship. Dr. Josef Schliemann is perhaps the world's leading researcher into all things pseudo-scientific. I use his books as texts in my classes. Schliemann's legacy of pseudo-archaeology reaches back almost two centuries—he claims to be related to Heinrich Schliemann, the discoverer of the lost city of Troy. I choose to believe their connection ends there, with the goal of transforming legend to history, and that he hasn't inherited Heinrich's entire legacy. Heinrich was known to be a bit of a pilferer of the sites he excavated, rendering priceless ancient stone monuments common lawn ornaments, and selling golden treasures on the black market. Lately I've begun to wonder if Dr. Schliemann hasn't merely exchanged one sensational activity for another. These days his name seems to appear absolutely everywhere: on television, the news stands, in the local book store—there are some in the field who view him as a sell-out, willing to jump on any bandwagon so long as it makes a stopover at the nearest bank. That was why I had originally purchased the tickets to hear him speak. I choose to reserve my judgment of Dr. Schliemann until I hear the passion, or lack thereof, in his voice.
"Allard said we shouldn't leave town."
"Allard said we shouldn't go far. It's not the same thing." We take each other in for a moment. "Besides, Buffalo's not that far."
He looks at me like he's thinking about it. A deep furrow forms down the centre of his forehead.
"The only thing on Allard's mind right now is how much longer before he can go home for dinner. By the time we come back, he'll be fast asleep."
He's still thinking about it. Hard.
"Come on. We can grab some dinner at a different restaurant and go grocery shopping for things they don't have here."
"What if they stop us at the border?"
"Then we'll forget about the lecture and groceries and go for dinner in Niagara Falls." 
Palmer says nothing in response.
"Come on. It'll be fun." I may be trying too hard, but Lord knows both of us could use a getaway. Maybe an evening together is just what we need, time to wash some of the tension between us away. 
He shakes his head. "I don't know, Moll."
	"I can't believe you're doing this to me." I throw myself into the beat-up easy chair opposite Palmer's desk, and try to look sad. My head lolls to my chest, my hand rests with one thumb on my left temple and the other fingers splayed across my forehead as if I'm in a great deal of pain. I pause and then bring my hand to the arm of the chair, slapping it down with force. "I could have hitched a ride with my students. They left hours ago."
Palmer shows no response.  
	"You know how much I hate driving in the States." I sound desperate, a shade away from whining. "You know Schliemann. You were supposed to help me gain audience with him." Palmer and Schliemann are old digging buddies. Okay, not so much buddies as adversaries. Suffice it to say, they tolerated each other whenever they were together. Palmer was supposed to be my 'in', the bait I'd dangle before Schliemann. Based on what Palmer has told me about him, Schliemann wouldn't pass up the chance to challenge him to a game of War with the hands life had dealt them.
"This is about Stanley, isn't it?" I ask, preparing to hit below the belt. "You don't love me anymore." It sounds juvenile to my ears. The instant I hear it, I'm sorry I said it. 
It had been simple hero worship, all those weeks ago when I purchased the tickets. But after Reyes and Stanley, it's become so much more. Now I see Schliemann as an ally, someone who would listen to my adventure and not write me off as a crack. Schliemann is a walking, talking tome of pseudo-scientific knowledge. If anyone on Earth would know where to go from here, it would be him. I have to talk to Schliemann, I have to.
Palmer's expression remains unchanged. I might as well have said I'd just finished gassing up the car.
"I'm late," I say, standing. "I have to go." When he doesn't stand, I turn my back on him to leave. As I do, I hear him leap from his chair. He grabs me by the elbow, spins me around, and draws me close to him. I allow him to hold me for a minute or two, as he strokes my hair and kisses the top of my head.
"To Buffalo and back,” he finally says. “If we stop for food it'll be for something quick on the way. Deal?"
I take a breath in relief. "Deal." 
	 
Meeting Schliemann
Palmer winces when I gush at Dr. Josef Schliemann. He warned me. Before we got here, and every hundred kilometers or so on the road, Palmer warned me that if I swooned, I’d have to pick myself up off the floor. I vowed to him I would be the paragon of civil maturity. And I believed this to be true up until the moment he walked into the bar.
	I see him and my stomach turns aflutter. He smiles our way and the air grows thin. He waves and I giggle. 
	Palmer frowns at me and grumbles. He and Dr. Schliemann used to be digging buddies, long before Palmer was a prof and Dr. Schliemann was famous. Palmer was reluctant to meet with Dr. Schliemann tonight because of that history. He agreed to arrange the meeting, agreed to tolerate their oil and vinegar relationship, for me.
	Truth be told, I think Palmer’s a little jealous.
	My history with Dr. Schliemann, though not as intimate as the two of theirs, is nonetheless more profound. I loved Dr. Schliemann before I loved Palmer, though not in the same sense, of course. I fell in love with Dr. Schliemann and his teachings in my first year. I read one of his books as a curiosity and then I was hooked, reading as many as were in stock in the campus book store and then as many as were in the library stacks until I was up to date. I’d emailed him, too, detailing the focus of my studies, and the interest he’d inspired. He responded, quickly, with a letter that was very warm and supportive and well-wishing.
	My relationship with Dr. Schliemann was nothing more than a severe case of hero worship. I never thought that, when at last we’d meet, the experience would be no less profound than had it been any one of my teenaged Hollywood crushes.
He nears our table, and I realize he is taller than I first thought. I mean, he looked tall, standing on the stage in the church basement in which he’d given his lecture, but now, as we stand to greet him, he towers over me. He wears ovular, pewter glass frames which make him appear more sexy than scholarly. He's traded in the charcoal, double-breasted lecture suit he wore for a royal blue, pinstriped button down under a pale blue, v-neck sweater. It makes him seem friendly, approachable. 
He reaches out to shake Palmer's hand and claps him twice on the shoulder. "Paulie," he says, "it's been a while, eh?" He looks at me and feigns a start as if this is the first time he's noticed me. "And who is this lovely, eh? Don't tell me she's with you."
"My wife. Molly McBride."
"Molly," Dr. Schliemann says, using the same tone as with Palmer, like he's greeting an old friend. He extends his hand. 
	My right hand, wrapped up like a mummy’s hand, reaches out to him and I’m reminded about why I’m here. Stanley. The grotesque imagery of a disembodied foot and the wafting smell of burning flesh come to the forefront. The itch from the heat of the modulator begins to burn its way through the flesh of my palm.  I gasp at the sight, and search for an explanation. "It's a long story," I manage with a smile, and offer him my left hand. "So nice to meet you, Dr. Schliemann."
"Ach! Josef, please. Call me Josef."
As we sit our chair legs scrape on the hard wood floor beneath us and Palmer says of the lecture, "That was quite an impressive performance, my friend." 
"I aim to please." He clenches his angular jaw and turns his attention to me, scrutinizing with eyes so brown they're almost black. "So someone finally managed to win the old man's heart, eh?" He nudges me in the ribs with his elbow, and whispers, "From what I remember, Paulie was quite the ladies' man."
Palmer squeezes my hand again.  Don't believe a word he says.
Dr. Schliemann, Josef, motions to the waitress who responds promptly to take our orders. Josef makes flirtatious small talk with her and then orders a beer and some food.  Palmer, too, orders a beer, a Canadian beer, creature of habit that he is. I'm not much of a drinker. I never could palate the taste of beer. If I order something strong, a mixed drink, maybe, it’ll help dial down the stress, but I'm not sure that's what I want right now. I don't think I've earned the right to be okay with what happened to Stanley, at least not yet. "Coke, please," I tell the waitress.
"Now, where were we?" Josef asks
Stay calm, Moll. Remember why you’re here. "Thank you so much for meeting us like this. I'm a huge fan," I say, gushing once more.
"Really?" He sounds amused.
I nod. "Your courses are required reading in all my books." It takes a moment for me to realize what I've said. Suddenly my cheeks feel hot and I wonder if anyone has noticed I'm blushing. I breathe a short laugh in an attempt to diffuse the situation and continue whilst gazing at my hands in my lap. "I mean, your books are required reading in all my courses."  I chance a look at Josef—he's grinning at me.  
"I'm sorry," I say. "I'm a little nervous." My anxiety plays tricks on me, painting Constable Allard’s face on every sandy-haired, darkly clothed man that saunters past our table. 
"I make you nervous?" Josef grins mischievously. He lights a cigarette.
He enjoys my discomfort way too much. It's my fault, I know. I've dreamt of this moment for so long, dreamt of the chance to converse with the man, imagined what I might say to him. In my mind, I've already scripted every word, what I might say and how he might respond.  Rather than enact that script today, I'm forced to improvise. So much rides on this meeting regarding the future of the two planets, I'm almost rendered mute. I need Josef to believe me. I need him to join me, to help figure out what to do next. In elevating the significance he plays in the situation, I've fed his ego, giving him far more power than he deserves. I look at Palmer, hoping he'll offer some much needed help.
"Molly teaches Pseudo-archaeology at the university," he says. "Her classes are standing room only.  Every semester.  Which only goes to prove she's usually a little more eloquent than this."
A hockey game plays on a projector screen behind the bar while too loud eighties' rock plays above the murmur of the crowd. The corner table was chosen as a strategic move on our part. The positioning of the table, coupled with the rows of booths between us and the speakers, has a dampening effect on the music, enough so we barely have to raise our voices to be heard. Josef continues the introductory repartee, going on about how he hoped the chicken wings and tempura vegetables we ordered would come quickly and how lecturing always made him feel hungrier than either sex or weed. As far as I'm concerned, that's just too much information. I feel my cheeks grow hot as I blush again. Josef laughs and blows a cloud of blue-grey smoke across the table. I nudge my chair a little closer to Palmer's.
At last the drinks arrive. I take a sip from the tall glass and gaze nervously over the rim at Josef. He's grinning at me again. When I return my drink to the table, I make a concerted effort to place the glass directly in the centre of the napkin with which it was served. The action helps to busy my hands and gives me something to look at besides his gleaming black-brown eyes, which are currently molesting me about the chest.
Josef takes a long sip of his beer. "So," he says when he comes up for air, "Pseudo-archaeology, eh?"
I nod. 
"And yet you persist in calling yourself a scientist?" He baits.
I'm not in the mood for a debate right now. I've had to defend my position so many times in the past to the pure science geeks at the university, what I say next comes out as if on autopilot. "A social scientist, yes. I don't see why it should be considered any less of a science because it's social."  Josef leans in a little closer. 
Josef looks at Palmer and smiles.  "I like this girl, Paulie. She's a keeper, this one is," he says proudly patronizing. Palmer looks at me nervously. Under normal circumstances, I might leap at the fact he's called me a girl, but not tonight. Tonight I have more pressing issues on my mind than PC semantics
Josef turns his attention back to me and says, "Tell me, Molly, I've found those with a keen interest in Pseudo-science are either skeptics or believers. I'm curious: which one are you?"
Where is he going with this line of questioning? I answer him, looking for an opportunity to swing the conversation toward my own agenda. "I don't really know," I tell him. It’s the truth. Up until this week, my take on the discipline has always been cut and dried and safe: until I've been given the opportunity to examine the evidence first hand, I choose to remain coolly objective. But now that I've actually seen the evidence? Now that I've actually been to Gaia and practically witnessed a case of spontaneous human combustion? 
"Science supposes its practitioners to have an open mind," I say. "Having said that, I think it behooves me as a scientist to remain skeptical in my findings until such time as the truth presents itself." Under ordinary circumstances, I might relish the opportunity to spar Pseudo-science with Josef Schliemann. The Josef Schliemann. But today I have neither the energy nor the desire to do so. I want the getting-to-know-you-phase of the conversation over with so we can get down to business. "I think I want to believe? But at heart? I'm definitely a show-me-the-evidence kind of person."
"A fence-sitter, eh?" He takes another swallow of his beer. "Well, they say opposites attract. Paulie, I know, is a die-hard skeptic from way back when—" 
"I don't know anymore, Joey," Palmer tells him. "Thanks to Molly, I'm thinking of climbing the fence myself."
I look at Palmer and smile. He replies with a quick hand squeeze of support. I look back to Josef. 
"That's love for you, eh?" he says to Palmer with a calculated tip of his glass.
"What about you, Josef? How do you see yourself fitting into this dichotomy of yours?" He looks at me dumbfounded, as if he'd never been asked to quantify his beliefs. "Are you a believer, Josef?" My voice sounds more confident, more flirtatious than I'd thought possible, given the situation. 
Josef leans in close, balances his elbow on the table, chin in hand. "What do you think, Professor McBride?"
I squint at him as if scrutinizing, as if the contents of his mind were written in small type on his forehead. "I've read your work. You're meticulous. You present both sides of an argument but you rarely weigh in either for or against
"If I had to hazard a guess, I'd say you present as a fence-sitter, you'd have to be." 
"How do you figure?"
"If you weigh in for, if you claim the weird stuff is true, you ally yourself with the religious right—your primary audience—but you alienate yourself from the scientific community. If you debunk the weird stuff, especially the biblical stuff, you could alienate the believers as well as the would-be, sometimes or maybe believers. You retain the respect of the scientific community, but—"
"That and a dollar will maybe buy you a cup of coffee," Josef says. He pauses and then plasters a huge grin on his face. "You see? I knew we'd be simpatico, from the moment I lay eyes on you.
“Well argued." He takes another drag of his cigarette, chases it with a swig of his beer. "Incorrect, but well argued." 
"I don't understand."
"I am neither fence-sitter, de-bunker, nor believer. To say I'm indifferent would be an over-statement." He looks as me for a moment as I try to gauge his sincerity. "Quite frankly, I couldn't care less if aliens exist, or if the Knights Templar are alive and well and harbouring the chalice of Jesus. In truth, none of it impacts my life, so what does it matter to me?"
Stab me in the heart of my beliefs, why don’t you. "You're joking, right?"
He makes me wait for his answer as he takes a slow sip of his drink. At last he shakes his head and says, "No joke."
He’s having one on on me, he has to be. 
I don’t know why, but I take his bait. "But you used to study Anthropology, right? Anthropology's the study of culture, religion, and belief systems, all very non-scientific concepts—"
"Studied as impartial observers, not as participants—"
"But Anthropologists frequently take part in ritual, be it seeking spiritual guidance in sweat lodges, taking peyote, passing the peace-pipe—"
"Participation in ritual is far different than subscribing to a system of belief."  
People dance nearby as if celebrating, smug in the notion there will always be a tomorrow. I wish I could feel that way again. I wish I could take back the events of the past few weeks and go back to feeling blissful in my ignorance.
"So you're saying you don't subscribe to a system of belief?"
"I believe that people believe in the media. As long as it's broadcast on the air or spelled out in print, people will believe. It's my bread and butter, what's taken care of me so far." 
"Okay, then," I say, ignoring the condescension I read in his voice, "What about this?" I reach into my purse and throw my trump card on the table, a newspaper article clipped from a tabloid, small piece of folded newsprint. He picks it up, unfolds it, and takes a quick glance. "You had a very definite opinion then," I tell him.
"Ah! Future glimpse man," he says as if remembering it fondly. I chance a look at Palmer. He seems amused, eager to see how Josef will paint himself out of the corner I've built for him.
"Future Glimpse Man," I confirm.  "So what?  This guy comes to you and tells you—"
Josef shakes his head.  "No, no, no. With Future Glimpse Man it was the reporter who contacted me."
"Okay, so the reporter contacts you, and says what?  That this guy saw a building materialize in the middle of his wheat field?  And you say what?  It's a glimpse into the future?  How do you come to that realization?"
"With the case of Future Glimpse Man the reporter asked me if I thought it could have been a glimpse into the future and I said, 'Why not?'.  That explanation is a good as any other."
"But don't you have to subscribe to some belief system in order to come to the realization what that man saw was actually a look at the future rather than a hallucination?"
"The bottom line is who’s to say what that farmer actually saw. And who really cares? The media contacted me, I gave them their quote, the cheque's in the mail. Unless you have another theory as to what happened—"
"I do, actually."
"You do what?"
"I have another theory."
"What? About Future Glimpse Man?"
I nod. 
"Go ahead," Josef says, challenging me with a smile. "Don't keep us waiting, then." He reclines slightly in his chair and folds his hands over his stomach.  
"Okay," I say, launching into the speech I'd been practicing from the moment I left the house this afternoon. "What if what Future Glimpse Man saw was not an actual glimpse into the future, but a glimpse into another dimension; another world; another Earth?"
Josef stares at me expressionlessly at first, but then he launches into a large smile. He points while he speaks. "You put her up to this, didn't you, Paulie?"
"Forget it," I practically bark. "If you're not going to at least pretend to have an open mind..." I collect the article, stop it from see-sawing back and forth on the table, balanced on the crease of the fold. The paper sounds crisp. It crackles like fire as I crumple it into the palm of my hand. I should leave. I should gather my sweater, my purse, the stupid article and go. 
Screw Josef Schliemann.
Whatever made me think I could save the world? I'm no hero.
"Okay, okay," Josef says, practically a chuckle, "I'm listening, really, I am, ears and mind wide open."
The weight of Palmer's hand on my thigh re-draws my focus. I look at him and he smiles, squeezes my leg, brings me back to the here and now. It's his face, the sparkle in his eye he reserves only for me, that gives me the strength to forge on.
"What your farmer saw was the making for disaster. 
"What happened there? On the other planet? On Gaia? Was the equivalent of what would happen here if a large portion of a busy office building simply vanished. Because it would be missing a large portion of its structure, the building would collapse. Think twin towers on 9-11. When the missing section rematerialized, it would lack footing and collapse onto the rubble of the rest of the building.  For the Gaians? For the people on the other world? It would constitute a disaster on the same magnitude as a Richter-breaking earthquake."
I wait for someone else to say something. Palmer sits in his chair watching Josef. He squeezes my thigh, two quick pulses—Good work, it says.
“Okay, so this…Gaia, was it? What exactly is it?” Josef asks.
“Another world. Another Earth, both occupying the same space-time as ours.”
“Uh huh,” he says.
“But the membrane separating the two worlds is growing thin, so thin, in fact that we can see through it and into their world and they into ours,” I say.
Josef sits, body motionless save for the forefinger on his right hand rubbing his chin. After a moment, he breaks the silence. "I'll say it again, Paulie:  I like this girl.  She's a kidder, this one is."
 "I'm serious," I say.
"Paulie put you up to this, didn't he?"
"You'd rather believe a worm hole opened up in the middle of a wheat field and gave this guy a glance into the future, than in the possibility of Gaia's existence?" I was right. I should have left when I crumpled the article.  
"Why not?" the man asks. "When one theory is just as implausible as the next?  
"Look, my name is on one theory, yours is on the other.  Which one am I most likely to support?"
"What about this?" Banking on the fact that, since Stanley, the power's truly been depleted, I toss the soot-blackened modulator onto the table. 
Palmer noticeably stiffens in his chair. Upping the ante with the modulator wasn't in the game plan. 
Schliemann examines the device, seemingly more concerned with the sooty-residue it leaves on his finger-pads than with the actual artifact. When he's done, he places it back on the table, laces his fingers behind his head and says, "A bangle. Sloppy craftsmanship, if you ask me.
"What is it?"
"Irrefutable evidence of Gaia's existence."
He's unimpressed.
"It's a phase modulator, a device which allows one to travel between the two worlds." Still he looks at me expressionless. "Gaia is real.  I've seen it.  And you would still rather believe..."  I have to stop, to take a breath. My heart tightens. I can't complete the sentence.  
Here I sit, right next to The Great Josef Schliemann, right next to the most popular Pseudo-scientist on the planet.  I'd expected to feel humbled, to bask in his greatness, to be showered in his wisdom, but instead, all I feel is disappointment, defeat, and exhaustion.  
"You know what?" I gather my purse and stand nearly knocking my chair over in the process. "It doesn't matter." My eyes burn. If I don't clear out soon, the tears will come. I don't want Schleimann to see me cry. 
Fraud! I want to say, loud enough so everyone can hear. The DJ will stop the music; the wait-staff will stop serving drinks; everyone on the dance floor will turn to look. You, Josef Schliemann, are a Fraud! Instead, I say, "Spencer Prescott.  Look him up on the Internet.  You'll see." I yank my sweater from the back of my chair.  "And when you do? Have an extra helping of crow on me."
As I make my exit I pass behind Palmer and whisper, "I'll meet you in the car," to him before continuing out of the bar and into the parking lot.

In the car I turn on the engine and crank up the heat. Before long, the silvery wisps that are my breath fade to nothing. I tune into an easy rock radio station, turn the music up, relax into the seat, and hug myself for warmth. What a disappointment tonight has been. I expected to leave the bar exhilarated, having had an in-depth discussion of the existence of another world (Another world!) with one of the only men on the planet who would be up for such a conversation (besides Palmer, of course), and instead, I had left before the discussion barely had a chance to get started.  My eyes begin to burn again. This time I let the tears flow. Damn Josef Schliemann, anyway. Who the hell does he think he is? And where is Palmer? What could the two of them possibly be talking about?
I hope Palmer comes soon. Tomorrow will be a busy day. I need to do some research--it's time to change the textbook for my course. 

The Bar
"Was it something I said?" Schliemann asked.
"Way to go Joey," Palmer told him.
Schliemann downed the last of his beer and then motioned to the waitress to bring another. "She's a spitfire that one. Ah youth; she must really be a hellion between the sheets, eh?" Palmer’s blood set to boil. He stifled an impulse to lunge across the table and squeeze the life out of him. Instead, he took a quick sip of his drink. The waitress appeared with Schliemann's refill and Palmer told her he’d like to settle his tab.
"Gaia is real," he said in his best 'I told you so' voice.
"Come on, Paulie, what does she want with me?  I mean, really want with me.  No doubt she's already published a few articles here and there.  If she wants to get this published, she's quite capable of doing it herself, I'm sure."
"It's not about that," Palmer said. He needed to make sure Schliemann understood Molly’s purpose in orchestrating this meeting. 
The waitress came back and Palmer searched through his wallet for a credit card.  "Molly thinks you're the guru of pseudo-science."
"Me?  A guru?" Schliemann feigned.  If there was one thing to say about Schliemann, it was that he hadn't changed much in the fifteen or so years since Palmer had last seen him. If anything, Schliemann has become more Schliemann-like over the years, if that made any sense:  arrogant, vain, and interested in nothing more than turning a quick buck.
"Misguided, I know. But try as I might, I can't seem to convince her otherwise." And boy how he’d tried. "She just wanted to talk.  For Molly, it's not about getting published, it's not about fame and glory.  That's not what Molly's all about."
"Then what is it about, eh?"
"It's about talking to someone who has the same academic background as you.  Someone besides your husband who's vowed to support you until death do you part, someone with whom you can discuss phenomenal things.  It's about like-minded people getting together to discuss something that matters.  It's about having someone who has a mind open enough to believe rather than scoff.
"You blew it Joey.  You scoffed."
Schliemann seemed to think about this for a moment.  
The waitress returned with the credit slip and Palmer signed the receipt.  
"And what about you, Paulie?" Schliemann asked.  "Where do you fit into all this?"
"Me?" he smiled, trying to look engaged. "I'm just along for the ride."  He got up and wriggled into his jacket. "Spencer Prescott, Joey.  Look him up.  And when you finally come to terms with what you've found, give me a call." He threw his card on the table and left to find his wife.

Palmer could hear the stereo bass almost from the moment he exited the bar. Molly was running the motor, probably for heat. Molly sniffled as he opened the car door. She continued to stare straight ahead as if he wasn’t there.
"He'll call," he told  her. If Schliemann cared to Google Prescott there'll be no keeping him away.
"I don't care," she said.
"I told you he was a jerk."
"The last thing I need right now is an I-told-you-so."
"Sorry," Palmer said.
Molly sniffled and wiped her cheek with the heel of her palm. "How could I have been so stupid?" she asked.
Convincing Schliemann
Josef Schliemann squinted against the blinding glare of sunlight streaming through the cracks in the beat up, horizontal blinds.  It took a moment, but once the floodgate was open, last night rushed in:  beer bombs at the club to impress the hot barmaid for foreplay, then back to this room for the main attraction.  The red and green lighted marquis near his window cast a soft hue into his room, reminiscent of childhood Christmas evenings when he had snuck downstairs after his parents and siblings had fallen asleep to see if Santa had yet to arrive.  And he always had, the cookie platter always held crumbs, never cookies; the glass always half drunk.
Schliemann heard a sigh and turned his head:  the barmaid.  God, but she was lovely.  Her finger and toenails were perfectly manicured, painted a delicate hue of coral. Traces of liner remained on her lips. Leftover mascara formed sooty halos beneath her lids. Her cheeks channeled the essence of white-fleshed peaches, luscious, creamy, and sweet to the taste.
Schliemann cleared his throat and rubbed his hand over his scalp. He supposed he had enjoyed the lovely who shared his bed last night, though the memory of their love-making was shadowy and vague, a word suspended on the tip of his mind's tongue which resisted being spoken. The achromatic linen bed sheet pooled at the small of her back, hiding most of the blue-black butterfly tattoo there, yet revealing skin which was pale, mottled and blemished toward the shoulders. It hiked up around the supple curve of her thigh. He considered leaving her as is, a testament to her beauty, but modesty won out. He pulled the linen sheet over her hips, the small of her back, her right arm, and shoulder, masking the swell of her breast, flattened against the mattress.
Slowly so as not to disturb, he rose from the bed and padded on bare feet to the bathroom. He craved his morning coffee, the burn at the back of his throat of the morning's first cigarette. As he relieved himself, his mind traveled back to the girl. She was the latest lovely in a string of lovelies, a different girl in each city, never the same once twice. He sighed. He'd considered settling down once, but it hadn't worked out for him. Paulie had gotten it right, lucky bastard—marry someone half your age that worshipped the socks off you, and never have to troll the bars for someone, anyone, so you don't have to spend the night alone.
He jumped at the sound of the toilet flushing, and poked his head into the room to ensure he hadn't woken the girl. Schliemann washed his hands with a trickle of water. He needed a shave, wanted a shower, but was afraid of waking the lovely in his bed. He brushed his teeth using his finger instead of a brush and splashed his face with cool water. 
He found his clothes strewn about the room: shirt crumpled behind the front doorway, sweater between the bedside table and bed frame, pants on the faux-leather chair near the window, underwear caught on the corner of the television set, and socks, one beneath the bed, the other cooling on the room-control console. He dressed with haste and minimal movement so as not to disturb the air in the room. As he buttoned his shirt-sleeves, the girl snorted, pulled the sheet over her head and straightened her leg. Schliemann held his breath as he tucked his balled up sweater under his arm. Taking shallow breaths, he pulled a fifty from his wallet and left it on his pillow. A gift, he told himself. Had he more time and courage, he would take the fifty and spend it at an all night deli. Bring back bagels and cream cheese and fresh, full-pulp orange juice, and if they had it, a tin of caviar. He would return to the hotel where they would feed each other breakfast in bed, crumbs be damned.
But this time it was different. This time, Schliemann had somewhere else to be, there was no time for prolonged, apologetic goodbyes, no time for promises broken the instant they were spoken. Perhaps she would find the money an insult, the girl, read it as something other than a gratuity, a peace offering so she would remember him with fondness rather than regret. He considered penning her a note, a sweet memo of sentiment, to explain the gift, but then thought otherwise. Better to make a clean getaway than rub salt in the wound, to give her something over which to pine.
He chanced a final glance at the young thing with which he had enjoyed the night before. Then, he collected his shoes from behind the front door, entered the dim hallway and closed the door behind him, coaxing it gently shut until he heard the click of the latch and knew he was safe.
Schliemann finished dressing in the corridor. He ached for a cigarette and a tall cup of extra hot, super caffeinated, designer coffee. Or maybe a beer. Hair of the dog and all that. Schliemann winced at every floorboard creak as he skulked down the mildewed hallway.  At the front desk, he settled his tab with the clerk and noted to the concierge that the young lady in his suite, such as it was, would need a wake-up call an hour before check-out.
As luck would have it, there was a pretentious coffee house which doubled as an Internet cafe within walking distance of the hotel. At this hour, most people were in a rush to get their day started, and few lingered at the computers. Schliemann slipped behind the Notebook computer the barista had assigned him and wiggled the mouse waking the monitor. He took a gulp of his coffee. The predominant taste was bland milk foam with a hint of bitter warmth and cinnamon finish. Putting down his coffee, Schliemann opened a Google session. He sat for a moment wondering what he should search before he remembered the card Paulie had given him. He took it from his wallet and read. 
On the front was Paulie's personal information: his name followed by a list of letters, his school name, department, address, phone and fax numbers and e-mail address. Schliemann flipped the card over. Written in green ink on the back was a number with a 416 exchange and a name, 'Spencer Prescott', in neat caps.  'Look him up,' ol' Paulie had said.  'And when you come to terms with what you find, give me a call.'
When he came to terms with what he found? What the hell did that mean?  
	Spencer Prescott. 
	It was as good a starting point as any. He googled him. Over a million hits. The first site pointed to an article by Prescott on something written in speech so high it was way over Schliemann's head. Ditto for the second hit. Third on the list was a link to Prescott's Wikipedia page. Schliemann began to read.
Prescott was a scientist specializing in quantum physics. He studied solar flares and sun spots when it was still a fledgling science and the term, "global warming", had yet to be coined. After the war, he moved to Canada, Toronto area, and started teaching at the university where he developed an interest in multiple-worlds theory and was branded a laughing stock in his scientific community when he announced he had visited an alternate Earth.    
Schliemann found cigarettes in his pocket, tamped one out of the package and brought it to his lips. He patted his torso in search of a lighter. His eyes hunted for an ashtray. Finding neither, his eyes drifted to the barista at the front counter. She stood with crossed arms over plumped breasts, sweet, ruby lips puckered into a frown, russet locks hovering to and fro as she shook her head. He smiled wryly at her and chuckled then plucked the cigarette from between his lips and slid it back into the package. What was this world coming to when a man couldn't light up whenever he damn well pleased? No one ever spoke of smokers' rights. If he wanted to kill himself slowly, he should be allowed to do so on his own terms. And he would enjoy it, too, one butt at a time.
He gulped his cooling latte. Quantum physics? Multiple-worlds theory? As crazy as it sounded, Paulie's wife might have been on to something. But it was a huge leap from the study of quantum physics as a theory to believing it as fact. No one, least of all Josef Schliemann, was going to admit believing a farmer in a corn field was blessed with a glimpse into a future world, but how much more plausible was it he was given a peek into an alternate reality?
Schliemann googled Paulie's wife. She taught at the University of Toronto, and had published a smattering of articles, the usual doldrums of archeological analysis and site reporting, save for one, an article extolling the virtues of public and educational archaeology. In that article, she discussed the advantages of employing students and the general public in the archaeological process to engage them in the task, and foster respect for buried resources, with joyful exuberance. Ah, the enthusiasm of youth. No wonder Paulie was attracted to her. Schliemann imagined what it must be like for Paulie to arrive home to that kind of energy every day, to say nothing of the love-making. He imagined that, for aging, business-by-the-book Paulie, it must be tiring at times, if not downright annoying.
He continued his search on Paulie's wife and found an article written about her in a neighbourhood paper. The item gave accolades for her work on a local site in which school children, supervised by university students, were invited to dig. A picture accompanied the article, depicting Paulie and his wife grinning as they pandered for the camera. Schliemann remembered such impromptu poses, because he had been the one to be interviewed, or because he had the sheer dumb luck of doing something interesting when the photographer had arrived. Poses like that were self-conscious at best, staged to look candid, always embarrassing. 
How life had changed. Schliemann had left archaeology, a world in which ass-kissing the media was paramount. It was how the money was solicited, how the public was rallied to preserve a site, how the bulldozers were halted. Without the media, the construction conglomerates wouldn't think twice about sacrificing centuries old sites to the God of urban sprawl. Through his writing and television appearances, Schliemann had become an icon, the paragon of Pseudo-science. Reporters world round called him for quotes or confirmation on a regular basis. Paid well, too. Much better to have the media pander to him than the other way around.
But Paulie's wife intrigued him, in a way most women did not. That she was unavailable to him, married to another man, didn't faze him. He wasn't interested in bedding her, at least, not anymore, not since the barmaid. He was much more interested in her enthusiasm, her passion, the enigma she brought forth. She, like Prescott, had claimed to have visited another world. And she had broached the topic seriously, though tentatively, as though she had cared what he thought, as though what he thought had mattered to her. 
One thing was for certain: she was either sane, or a card-carrying lunatic. Schliemann found it hard to believe Paulie would drive all the way to see him if he believed his wife to be insane. And if Paulie's wife was sound, it meant her story was real. 
Schliemann finished his coffee. It was settled. He would pay the Richardsons a visit. If Paulie's wife had discovered a way to travel between two worlds, she would need a scribe, someone to document her story, someone with credibility. And Josef Schliemann was up for the task. 
Before he logged off the computer, he sent an e-mail to Paulie's wife: "I believe," it said. He clicked 'send' as the man slipped into the booth opposite him.
"Give me just a few more minutes eh? Then the booth's all yours," Schliemann said without looking up.
"Dr. Schliemann?" the man asked.
Schliemann peered at him over the top of his Notebook. "Do I know you?"
"Dr. Josef Schliemann?"
Something about the man was off, something about the comb of his hair, the kilter of his tie, the cut of his suit—Schliemann couldn't quite put his finger on it. He smiled. "You have me at a disadvantage, friend," he said.
"My name is Loman Praetner, sir, and I believe we have some business to discuss." He leveraged a small, chocolate-coloured brief-case onto the table between them and flipped the latch.
Is this Cataclysm?
Reyes's appearance is preceded by a gust of air. I'm in my school office, grading papers abysmal enough to make me question my choice of career when he arrives. His wind takes the papers from my desk and throws them angrily about the room.
"Jesus Christ, Reyes," I say once I've determined the source of the breeze, "when are you going to learn to knock?" Reyes's draft was strong enough to throw several essays onto the floor and across the room. One droops over the arm of the easy chair opposite my desk, fanning precariously courtesy of a lone staple. Before I can rescue it, the staple fails and it covers the area rug under the easy chair like a blanket of newly fallen leaves. 
Reyes bends to collect a gathering of papers at his feet. He rubs them between the palms of flat hands. "This is papyrus?"
"Paper. We call it paper. 
"I would ask for them digitally," I say mildly annoyed as I scoot about the room collecting papers as I go, "but if I did I guarantee you most of them would get intentionally lost in cyberspace."
"Cyberspace?"
"Never mind." Reyes follows me around the room, swooping to get the papers I miss. How I'll ever figure out which page goes where is beyond me. 
When we're done, he hands me a thin pile. I take it from him a little more roughly than I’d intended.
"Why are you here, Reyes? What do you want?" 
"You have been summoned to Gaia."
"Fine. How does sometime next week sound?"
"You have been summoned to Gaia now."
"I can't go now." I exhale loudly and plop into my chair. "I have papers to grade. I'm on a deadline." As I survey the pile I notice a few have survived the ordeal seemingly unscathed. They're the first to be pulled from the pile.
"But you must come," he says, as he takes a large step forward. "It is Goren who has done the summoning—"
Partial essays are next, the ones retaining their staples if not all their pages. I speak still concentrating on my essays. "Oh, well, if it's Goren..."
"Please, Molly." Did he just call me by my first name? 
He extends his arm to hand me one of those newfangled modulators. The arm strap hangs between his fingers like a fistful of cooked lasagna. "Not now, Reyes. Give me a few hours. Once I've made some headway with these assignments—" 
"Have I done something to offend?"
How do I answer that question? Why has my heart quickened since Reyes's arrival? What exactly is it that has stressed me so? "I just want things to return to normal, Reyes. Before you started coming around, my biggest problem was motivating my students or finding down time with my husband." I chance a look at him and take a deep breath before continuing. "And now? Now I haven't been able to eat or sleep properly. I can't concentrate because all I can think about is Cataclysm." Before I can stop myself, I say, "Go away, Reyes. Leave me and my planet alone."
"I cannot do that, Molly McBride." Reyes speaks his next words with deliberation and without eye contact: "I have been sent to bring you back to Gaia. The matter is grave." He pauses and then says, "I have been instructed to take you by force if necessary," as if he's embarrassed at the admonition.
"You've been sent to abduct me? You would do that, Reyes? Take me by force?"
"I would do whatever is necessary to save our worlds." He extends the modulator to me once more. "Please, Molly McBride Prefect. We have much to discuss."
He's right:  we need to talk. Besides, it's not like I really have a choice.

Our arrival on Gaia is in a swoosh of dust. The air is acrid, and faintly sulphurous. "What is this? Where are we?" 
"These are the harbingers of Cataclysm," he says, cryptic.
"I mean, where on the planet are we?"
"The mass of Nemea. Goshan Prefecture," he says as though it will clarify.
A pile of smoking rubble rises in the distance. The breeze is charred, thick and sooty. The space between us and the ruins is dotted with huddles of survivors. Their cries, hopefully mournful, lilt skyward on the breeze.
Reyes motions for me to follow him as he walks toward the ruins. "Space is premium in Goshan Prefecture. They are in the habit of vertical growth rather than horizontal sprawl. 
“Late yesterday morning, a phase bubble opened beneath Goshan Prefecture Proper. The structure collapsed. Several thousand prefects and disciples, and a smattering of infs and their families called this prefecture their home. Fewer than half were accounted for when I was asked to collect you."
The horror that is the remains of the Prefecture building is clearer now. What I thought were small pockets of debris are actually sheet-draped bodies. Reyes and I side-step one, the body of a female. Her blackened hand pokes out from beneath a grey, woolen blanket. The rubble of Goshan towers several stories above ground, casting a shadow in our direction. Warily we cross over the outer boundary of the shadow, into the territory of the disaster, into the realm of Cataclysm. 
"Why am I here, Reyes?" 
"It is imperative you see this, so you will know of the impending Cataclysm and all it brings. True Cataclysm will make these incidents seem folly." His words are slow, trance-like.
 Sheets of obsidian-like solar paneling atop the crumpled hull of what was Goshan Prefecture reflect the sunlight when they are able to make contact through the smoke and cloud cover. "I'm already on your side, Reyes. I didn't need to see this."
"What Goren asks of you will test your mettle. You must use the horror you feel to fuel your resolve in the days to come."
Reyes stares out and over the ruins. He says no more. I touch him on the arm and he starts.  He clears his throat, sniffles, and wipes tears from his cheeks before he speaks. "You found correlations in your research?"
"I did, but there's something else—" He already knows about the trade happening between our worlds, he'd implied as much in our last conversation. What he needs to know about are the people, about Cecilia, Samkin, and the others like them.
"It is as we suspected, then? Each of the harbingers is precipitated by an incident on Earth."
"Yes, but Reyes—" I have to tell him. Enough of the Earth-bashing. He needs to know Gaia is not entirely innocent in the affair. 
"Goren asked me to bring you here today to witness the inevitable, to witness the onslaught of Cataclysm. To force you and your people to do something before it is too late."
"You speak as if all of this is Earth's fault. 'My people'..." I say, grudgingly. "You told me the whole phase shifting phenomenon was a side-effect of your terraforming—"
"But there has been a ban on terraforming for decades—"
"You also said there was a direct correlation between an increase in random shifting and continued deliberate shifting. It stands to reason then, that every time you drag me over here you are compounding the problem."
"One must do what one must to avert Cataclysm."
"The end justifies the means. Yeah. I've heard that one before." We stare at each other for a moment while I struggle to catch my breath. My heart feels as though it might leap from my chest at any moment. 
Reyes says, "I am aware of what you speak. Aware of all this and more."
I continue, slowly, "You know, you and I are not the only ones doing the deliberate shifting."
"Of this, I am also aware, but I am paralyzed to inaction in the matter."
Paralyzed to inaction? What the hell did that mean? "You also know our worlds are engaged in trade?" 
Reyes nods. "I am but a Second Prefect, Molly McBride. I have no power in the 
matter—"
"What if I told you I had evidence our worlds were trading in more than technology? What if I told you they were trafficking children as well? Children, Reyes," I plead. "Someone is taking children from their parents on my world and bringing them to live on yours."
 Up until this moment, Reyes had met my gaze on every point I'd made, but now he looks away, first to the ground and then into the distance.
At last he looks directly into my eyes and says, "I would say that is preposterous," very calmly. Too calmly. If it were me? If I were to find out my government was engaging in bartering with children for capital gain? I'd be outraged. But there's something in the way he says it, in the way he quickly averts his eyes the moment he's done, that tells me he's hiding something. 
"You know, don't you? Oh my God! And all along, I thought you were one of the good guys." I don't know what to do anymore. The part of my brain that governs reason, rational thought, seems to have shorted out. The only thing I can think to do is to walk away.
Reyes calls to me, but I ignore him. 
The arm-band modulator! Like Dorothy, I forgot the power to return home has been with me all along. I roll up my sleeve in preparation to remove the modulator when Reyes grabs hold of my shoulder. "You are mistaken, Molly McBride," he says, with deliberation. "I know nothing of the trade in human chattel."
"But you know more than you're telling me, don't you?"
He looks at his feet. "What I know, or do not know, is a matter of confidence."
"No," I tell him. "No way. It doesn't work that way. If you want my cooperation, I need full disclosure. I need to know what you know or I'm out."
His lips move as if they're fighting with his tongue either to tell me what I want to hear or to remain silent. I wait a few moments to give his conscience the opportunity to decide on which side of the fence it feels most comfortable, but then I say, "Good-bye, Reyes. Don't call me again," and I continue the struggle to roll up the sleeve of my shirt.
"As I have already stated, Molly McBride, I am but a Second Prefect. I do not know much outside of the role I play at the Prefecture."
"But you do know something, don't you?"
Reyes nods. "I have recently been made privy to some information."
	"What information?"
"I have always had my suspicions, but now it is confirmed. It is as you say. There is a faction of First Prefects who have built a system of barter for trade between the two worlds. I have been assured it is purely for technological advancement. But to trade in people? I cannot believe—"
"This Goren. Who is he? How well do you know him?"
"Goren is a man to be reckoned with. He wields great power both on the Theran Council and within the Brethren of First Prefects.  In truth, it is this power which has made Theran Prefecture the most prosperous on Selene, if not the world over. He is not a man to cross."
"He told you about the trade with Earth?"
Reyes shakes his head. "He and his brethren have formed a covert society composed of a number of First Prefects. He bade me to join their cohort. He called it the 'Inner Clerisy Circle'. He presented it as an honour, one which is rare to bestow on mere Second Prefects."
"Did you accept?"
"My father killed himself working toward a posit which would reverse the ill effects of the terraforming technology he created. What Goren and his 'Inner Circle' propose trivializes my father's work. His life. When I join my father in the Next World, I want to be able to meet his gaze head on, not cower at his feet begging forgiveness."
"But did you accept Goren's proposal?"
"No. Not in my heart. Though I believe Goren thinks I have."
"Good. This is good."
Reyes looks at me with horror. "You would have me join him? You would have me open the door wide and usher in Cataclysm?"
"No. I want to help you stop Cataclysm. But if you're a member of Goren's Inner Circle then you'll also have information that we might be able to use against Goren when the time comes."
"You would have me carry out covert intelligence on Goren?" Reyes waits a moment and then answers his own question. "No. I cannot do this." He shakes his head and paces. "It is unethical. I will not do this."
"Reyes!" I stand in front of him, blocking him mid-pace. "How can you expect to stop Goren and his Inner Circle and avert Cataclysm if you don't know what you're up against?"
"No," he says. He makes a gesture that looks like an umpire calling a runner safe at the plate. "There must be another way."
"This is the only way."
Reyes shakes his head and looks off toward the still smoking rubble of Goshan Prefecture.
"Right now you have to make it seem like you're with him. Like you've accepted your fate as a member of the Inner Circle." Like you're comfortable sleeping with the enemy, I almost add. 
Reyes is once more mesmerized by the broken bodies that lay in the shadow of what remains of Goshan Prefecture, of the hurried attempts to dig out the survivurs, of the hovercraft flitting about the wreckage, like bees during pollination.
"Goren is expecting us. If we're late, he might suspect something, question our loyalty. We should go."
Reyes agrees. He makes an adjustment to both of our modulators and in a blink, we're inside Theran Prefecture, just outside of Goren's office.



What Happened in Goren's Office
"I can't believe you're placing the blame solely on Earth," I snap. Reyes and I are in Goren's crypt-like office. Goren sits opposite us, his large, chestnut-mahogany desk the only thing keeping him and me a safe distance apart. He has asked me here to get me to host a symposium on Earth, ostensibly to discuss potential solutions to our collective problem.
"Earth has exhibited apathy beyond the pale regarding the upswing in what you call 'greenhouse gas emissions'." Pretty modern buzz-words for a pencil pusher stuck on this side of the divide. 
"From what I understand, phase shifting began as a byproduct of your terraforming technology," I tell him. How dare he? None of this would be an issue—none of it—had they not practiced the very same apathy for the fate of their own planet. "Once identified," I continue, "the problem was compounded by willful shifting—"
"Which was further compounded by the upswing in greenhouse gas emissions on Earth." Goren leans forward as he says this, his eyes as lifeless as spent coal.
"If willful shifting serves to decrease the phase variance between our two planets, then all of this traipsing across the divide, has to contribute to the problem," I persist. I'm not about to let him off so easily. "I've been here three times now. That's six shifts, and those were with Reyes, which compounds the danger even further." Not to mention all of the umpteen shifts carried out by Goren's minions to trade in goods and human chattel.
"I'm sorry," I say, unapologetically whilst shaking my head. "I refuse to help you until you cop to your culpability in the matter." After lobbing that bomb, I can think of nothing more to do but lean back in my chair and await retaliation.
"What does this mean? To cop?" Reyes asks.
"To admit." This last statement is said by me and Goren in tandem. Son-of-a-bitch! As far as I'm concerned that's tantamount to a confession of his involvement in the backroom dealings between Earth and Gaia.
"You've been spying on us," I say, more amused than accusatory, "collecting intelligence, sending people to Earth. You do realize you're further compounding the problem, God knows how many times over, in doing so?"
I wait a moment to gauge Goren's response. He sits statue-like in cool repose behind his desk, forearms resting on the burnt-umber wood, fingers tented. "You don't need me," I continue when it seems like there will be no other response but silence. "You could easily find a politician with influence and tell him your plight. Thanks to your intelligence, I'm sure you could make an educated decision as to which politician to choose."
"We thought of that," Goren says at last. "But your people are lunatic. What you call 'security'? It is impenetrable."
"But with your phase modulator you could beam in, bring him to Gaia, show him what's happening first hand and have him back before anyone realized he was gone."
Goren smiles a little. His teeth glow green-gray in the dim light. "You would have me give the directive to abduct a government official?" he asks, as if satisfied I'm as corrupt as he.
"You gave Reyes the directive to abduct me. And while we're on the subject, why me? Why not find yourself someone who actually has some influence and capitalize on that?"
"Your husband is a Prefect, is he not?" Goren asks, serpent-like. Reyes tenses in his seat as though Goren's just hit a nerve.
"Well, sort of," I say, quickly adding, "but it's not the same as—" 
"A First Prefect, no less?"
It's not the same thing as on Gaia, I was going to say before Goren interrupted me.  "He's not a politician," I say, trying again. "He doesn't have—"
"He maintains reign on his own fiefdom, does he not?" 'Reign' is a strong word. In his position at the University, Palmer's no better than a glorified professor. His decisions have no ultimate bearing on the way the University is run, let alone the city. In his position, there is nothing he could possibly do which would have an effect on the well-being—or detriment for that matter—of the planet, as does Goren Prefect. I attempt to explain this to the man.
"There are others above him that—"
"You are a Prefect's mate," Goren says. He stands and creeps around his desk toward us.  When he reaches his destination, he leans back, half sitting on the desk. Piked at the hips, he leans his face toward me. He smells vaguely of citrus and coffee. Not coffee—chicory. When I first arrived in his office, Goren offered me a cup of brewed chicory. "Honestly," he continues, "why a First Prefect chooses to allow his mate to carry on his business is beyond me. A First Prefect must maintain the confines of social order, as he maintains Pact integrity." The irony woven into the fabric of Goren's statement renders it almost laughable.  Based on my conversation with Reyes in Goshan, Goren cares no more about Pact integrity than he does the annihilation of Earth, so long as Gaia isn't taken down with it. 
"Nevertheless," Goren continues with smug intensity, "your mate has endowed you with power in allowing you to rise to the stature of Prefect. This tells me we have been blessed with our choice for emissary." Goren relaxes his pose somewhat, posture more erect, hands at his sides pressed down and around the edge of the desk, shoulders hiked close to his ears. "Either that, or your husband is a poor authority indeed." All this posturing to do no more than issue a couched insult? Smart man, drawing Palmer's integrity into question. He had to have known I would defend his honour, had to have known it would goad me into action. 
Whatever his purpose, to curry me into cooperation, or repel me and paint me the scapegoat during the ensuing supernova, Goren has won, as I am sure, he's so used to doing. As it is, having insulted my husband's integrity and tearing my honour to shreds, I have no choice but to acquiesce, if for no other reason but to save face. "Alright," I say, "I'll organize a symposium on Earth for you to present your cause. But on one condition," I challenge.
"Which is...?" Goren asks, smiling like the Cheshire cat. And he might as well be in this lighting.
"That you agree to step down as First Prefect when it's done."
Reyes gasps as if about to speak, but he says nothing. Instead, he rights his posture in his chair and awaits Goren's response.
Goren nods, once, unflinchingly. "Done," he says, without hesitation.
"And no more intentional phase shifting either." I want to see how far he'll go to get me to do this Symposium. "If Earth is willing to sacrifice to save the planets, Gaia must be willing to do the same."
"Also done." 
I don't trust him. Surely a request as mammoth as this deserves further deliberation. "I'm serious," I tell him, voice surprisingly confident. "Reyes is here as witness. He'll be the one to enforce this agreement once you return to Gaia." 
Reyes looks hurt. He winces at my statement as if what I've asked him to do far outweighs what he and Goren are asking of me and their Earth Symposium.
"That will not be necessary," Goren says. And then, the man who professes to keenly enforce the integrity of the sacred Pact, the man who assumes the honour of uttering words of blessing from the consecrated Gaian Cannon, chases these words with more irony: "I am a man of my word."
Schliemann Checks In
I hear them the moment I open the front door—two voices, one Palmer, the other sounds like Josef Schliemann. I can hardly believe my ears. Not only had the bastard the nerve to show his face after his asinine conduct the other night, but Palmer had the audacity to invite him into our home. 
What was he thinking? 
I follow the voices to the home office. The two of them are standing over my desk, pouring over Prescott’s research notes. I am frozen on the spot, able to do little more but stand and stare, my purse dangling in one hand, computer attaché suspended in the other, jaw slack.
Schliemann looks up at me and nudges Palmer. 
“Hey, Moll,” Palmer says. 
My right temple begins to pound.
"You didn't get my e-mail," Schliemann says to me. He looks at Palmer and says, "She didn't get my e-mail," deadpan, quite possibly taunting.
I can’t believe my eyes. There he is, the Great Josef Schliemann, sitting at my desk, pawing through my things, Palmer standing hunched over him, allying himself with him. I should feel elated at the prospect of a celebrity in our midst. Given last night’s events, I feel sick to my stomach instead.   
"She's angry," Schliemann says to Palmer. He turns to me and says, "You're angry."
Palmer kicks Schliemann’s chair.
"What's going on?" I say. I drop my bag on the seat just inside the door. "Josef? Why are you here?"
"I had an epiphany this morning. I did as you asked, as Paulie asked. I looked up what's his name—Prescott?—on the Web and couldn't believe...I mean, I do, I believe. That's what my e-mail said. That's what it will say when you get it.
"I went by your office first, at the University, but you weren't there. I waited a while and then I finally came here. I waited until Paulie came home and we've been looking over Prescott's memoirs ever since, waiting for you."
"I...was called away...for a meeting," I say, not without considerable effort. "Palmer, can I speak to you for a moment?" I point to the bedroom in a backhanded way.
"Sure, Moll," he says, sounding worried. Or curious.
"I mean...alone?" 
"Sure."
"Sorry, Josef," I say.
"No," he bellows, spinning the 'o' so the word sounds more like 'new'. "I've plenty of reading material to keep me busy while you're gone."
I turn as he speaks. We’re practically down the hall and behind the closed bedroom door before he finishes. 

I peel off my jacket and throw it, and then myself, on the bed. I rub my burning eyes, sliding my hands beneath my glasses to do so and then I say, "What's he doing here?"
"I talked to him after you left last night and gave him my card. I never expected him to come."
He never told me he gave Schliemann his card. We talked—or rather, I talked—most of the way home. I felt betrayed by Schliemann, still do. It was as if he’d possessed the philosopher's stone of Pseudo-science, but refused to help me use it to translate the meaning of life. Palmer always maintained Schliemann was nothing more than a hack, and that he'd sold his integrity when he became a panderer to the media, but I never believed him. Not until last night. 
"Why would you do that?" I ask him.
"I thought he might get curious," he says, tentatively.
I say nothing, so Palmer says, “Look, I didn’t tell you because I thought you were finally done idolizing him and I didn't want to give you false hope.” He thought he was protecting me. Damn, but I hate when he does that. 
 "You said you had a meeting?" he says quickly, changing the subject.
"I was with Reyes. He—
"Was that the doorbell?"
"I didn't hear anything,” he says. “Were you on Gaia? What—” 
I shush him. I hear voices. Together, we listen to what's being said. It sounds like Schliemann’s introducing himself to someone. There's more to the conversation, muted behind the closed bedroom door, and a brief moment in which Palmer and I exchange a look, and then the two of us race out of the bedroom toward the front door.
Schliemann’s crammed into our foyer with four other men. Each of them is dressed similarly in black suits, narrow black ties and white shirts. Cliché, but one of them wears Ray Bans. The Men In Black. Government agents whose sole purpose is to show up whenever something paranormal or extraterrestrial occurs. I’m suddenly aware of the fact that I’m wearing my shoulders hiked up around my ears.
"—I'm a friend of the family's," Schliemann says.
"A very old friend,” Palmer says. Mindful of the formality of the situation, he says, “I'm Dr. Palmer Richardson." He shakes each of their hands as they introduce themselves: agents Jonas Down and Marshall Savant from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and Fred Poston and Luther Thomas from CSIS. As if having the American federal government show up on your doorstep isn’t disconcerting enough. This can't be good. 
"That makes you—"
"Molly McBride," I say to Down. I show them my bandaged right hand and stave off another round of handshakes.
He asks me about my relationship with Stanley. I’m scared, reticent, but Down is insistent. I choose not to challenge that they could have easily gotten my statement from the police. Better not to draw attention to the fact we're telling a skewed version of the truth. He forces me to retell Stanley's death, forces me to relive it. I find my arms folding over my sternum as I speak, and my hands begin to fidget on my shoulders and neck. I force them to rest, still, behind my back instead. Better to keep my posture open and to appear relaxed with the questioning process so as not to draw suspicion.
I glance at Schliemann, ire rising in tandem with his amusement at the spectacle. The process is torture for both Palmer and myself, as neither of us has yet to come to terms with the guilt we share in the scripting of this atrocity. Palmer insists his role in this tragedy is that of The Enabler. He says that, were it not for the part he played in charging the modulator, I would still be locked away in my office pondering the validity of Prescott's work and Stanley's final act would have years, decades, to pen itself. 
Though I would like nothing more than to place the blame on someone else, I can’t do it. Call it self-pity, call it wallowing, whatever. I own sole responsibility for our current situation, I accept this. The sooner Palmer can do the same, the sooner we can both turn the page and move on. 
"Ms. McBride, Dr. Richardson," Thomas says, "our American counterparts are concerned. The Space Flight Center in Goddard? Down there in Maryland? Well they've been tracking a series of small radiation blasts. They've traced them to us and we're bound to investigate. According to the coroner's report, Mr. Hume's body exhibited abnormally high radiation levels." Thomas performs magic, pulling a Geiger counter from thin air. "We could clear this up very quickly. I propose we sweep the house. If there are no abnormal readings, then no harm done—" 
"No," I insist, near panic.  "This is our house. This is where we live. You can't just come in here and—"  
"It's okay, Moll," Palmer says, sounding too calm. He rests an arm on my shoulder and pulls me close. "We have nothing to hide." 
I crane my neck to look up at him, but he refuses to meet my gaze. I can’t bear the thought of giving strangers free reign in my house. I’m afraid the modulator might still emanate enough radiation to lead them straight to it, besides. "Palmer, no,” I say, “It's not okay. It's an invasion of our privacy. They can't just come in here and rummage through our things."
"It's fine," he tells me. 
"If there are no abnormal readings," Thomas offers, "then we can rule you and your husband out as suspects, Ms. McBride. You will no longer be a part of this investigation."
"Go ahead with your radiation sweep, Agent," Palmer says. "Like I said before, we have nothing to hide."
"Do you have a cellar?" Agent Down asks.
"Right this way," Palmer says. He takes a step toward the basement door.
 "If you don't mind, sir, I need you to wait here until we're done."
The men begin to explore the house. The steady beep of the Geiger counter fades as they move down the hall and into the basement. They've left silent Agent Savant, still wearing his sunglasses, to baby-sit.
I sit, mute, on the coffee table in the living room, hunched over and staring at a spot on the carpet just in front of my feet. I can feel Schliemann, Palmer, and Savant watching me. Schliemann takes a breath as if to speak, and I look up to see Palmer scrunch his eyebrows and shake his head at him. He makes himself comfortable in an easy chair across the room.
After what seems like an eternity, the trio of agents returns. "The house is clean," Down tells Savant. He turns to Palmer and says, "Your turn, Dr. Richardson." I look at Down, horrified. I feel faint. Palmer smiles, and nods—things will be alright—he’s trying to tell me. It doesn’t work. How can Palmer maintain such a calm façade when I’m freaking on the inside? He holds his arms out. Down runs the Geiger counter up and down Palmer’s body, both in front and behind. When he's done, he nods at Savant.
"Your turn, sir," he says to Schliemann. When he's done, he nods; another clean reading.
He takes a step toward me. "Ma'am?"
I look at Palmer. Beads of sweat form on my upper lip. Palmer nods at me and smiles, as if trying to alleviate my fright before it degrades to downright panic. Down sweeps the Geiger counter in front of and behind me like he did the others. I hold my breath, but it's another normal reading. Once more, Down dips his head to Savant. 
"They're clean," he says.
"Thank you for your cooperation," Thomas says. "Just one more question before I go, Ms. McBride." I look up at him, in response. Any relief I might have felt at the clean reading is lost. "How did you injure your hand?"
"My hand?" I ask.
"Yes. Why is your hand bandaged up like that?"
"I burned it," I say. I look at Palmer to save me. 
"She did it on the stove. Turned on the wrong burner and then put her hand on it."
Thomas nods. "Might I see it?" he asks.
I can't for the life of me imagine why. Maybe he hopes to find a secret message branded into the skin. I look to Palmer for direction. He nods and I unwrap my hand to reveal a large, water-blister on the surface of my palm. Smaller blisters have formed on the lower and middle joints of most fingers. It begins to sing the second it is exposed to the air.
"That's one hell of a burn, alright," Thomas says after a prolonged grimace, "one that looks like it needs medical attention."
"We'll do that. Thanks," Palmer tells him. Thomas shakes his hand and then Schliemann’s.
"We'll be in touch if we need anything more," Thomas says. He pulls a thin, engraved, pewter case from his jacket pocket and hands Palmer his card. "Please don't hesitate to call if you remember any more about that evening." 
Thomas sees the other agents out before he turns and says, "Good day, sir."
I hear the front door close as I head for the bathroom and slam the door behind me. Before I do, I hear Schliemann say, "And I thought settling down would be boring," and then I begin to retch. 
I hear Schliemann question Palmer between coughs. Once my stomach settles, I sit with my back against the tub. Though their conversation is muffled, I can still make out what they are saying.
 "What's this?" Schliemann asks.
"Directions to a hotel. You need a place to stay tonight. Anyplace but here.” Palmer takes a beat then says, "Don't take this the wrong way, but you need to go. I need to speak with Molly and you need to go." 
Schliemann begins to protest, but Palmer cuts him off and then I hear the front door slam. 

Molly's Meltdown
My head is swimming, my stomach churning. Bile rises at the back of my throat. Saliva pours into my mouth. The tub porcelain is cool against the small of my back. If I turn my head far enough and lean against the tiled backsplash I can feel the same sweet relief at my temple. Concentrate. I am not going to throw up. I am not going to throw up. Not again.
Two quick raps at the bathroom door. It's open. Palmer comes in. He dampens a face cloth and hands it to me without saying a word. I use it to sponge away the sweat from my face, and the nape of my neck, and hand it back to him. He takes it, dampens it once more, and passes it to me. He joins me on the floor with a groan.
"Where's Schliemann?" I ask.
"He's gone."
"For good?"
"I sent him to a hotel," he says.
"It doesn't matter," I say, holding the folded face cloth to my forehead. "I don't care anymore."
"Yes, you do," he says.
"No, I don't," I say, feeling angry. How dare he tell me what I think, what I feel?
"He's here because you invited him."
"Well, now I uninvite him."
"At any rate, I don't think he'll go after tonight's performance."
My stomach does a flip-flop. I re-fold the face cloth in an attempt to find a spot that's still cool, and then readjust my position, hugging my knees close enough to rest my forehead on them. "I feel sick," I tell him.
"It's not every day one has upper-echelon law enforcement in her living room."
"I just want to go back to a time before all this," I say to the floor, "before Stanley and Reyes."
"You know what they say..." he says, "'Ignorance is bliss'."
"That's not what I meant," I say, angrier than I had intended. "I know all about global warming. I know the planet's dying. I just don't like knowing when."
Palmer puts an arm around my shoulders and squeezes. "You say you saw Reyes today?" He says after a pause.
"I went to Gaia today." I say, feigning pride. "Goshan Prefecture, on the mass of Nemea, wherever that is. They lost a building the size of a small city because of a random phase shift bubble yesterday. It was like beaming into the middle of a war zone." I stop short of describing the sounds and smells in detail. I've smelled enough of that smell, that burning flesh smell, to turn me off bar-b-que for a lifetime.
"Any idea what caused it?"
"I don't know. I haven't seen the news lately. I've been kind of busy being suspect in a murder investigation, you know how it is."
In response, Palmer slaps his thighs and slowly stands, one hand pressing into the small of his back for support. Once on his feet, it takes a moment or two for him to unfold to full stature. 
"Where are you going?" I say glaring up at him.
"I want to hear all about what happened to you today, but I can't do it while sitting on the bathroom floor." He holds out a hand to help me up, and I can't help do anything but stare at it. I'm not ready to leave the quiet, insulation of this room, not yet. Finally, Palmer shrugs and withdraws the hand. "I'm going to order a pizza."
"I'm not hungry," I say, distractedly.
"Maybe by the time it gets here—"
"I don't think so."
"Look, Moll," he says. He expels air as he squats to meet my eye level. "You can't do this to yourself."
I shake my head. "Homeland Security and CSIS were just at our door. I'm a suspect, Palmer, in a murder investigation. And believe it or not, that's the least of my worries. The fate of the worlds—not one, but two—may rest in my hands. If the Gaian posits are correct, the worlds are going to end. And they've appointed me their saviour. Lucky me." I take a breath and continue on a calmer tack. "It doesn't matter. The fact is Cataclysm is going to come. Who am I to think there's anything I can do to stop it?"
"Wars have been won or lost on the actions of a single man, Moll—single person." He shakes his head. "You know what I mean." He takes a breath. "Look, the Gaians chose you—"
"Like getting a job because you were the only one to submit a resume is being chosen—"
"The Gaians can come to Earth at will; have been able to do so for some time now. They could have chosen anyone at any time in the past, present or future. They chose you because they believe in you, and so do I. And believe it or not, so does Joey."
"Joey," I say, resentfully.
"Now," he says, forcing himself to his feet once more. "How about that pizza?"

Molly Tells Palmer
There's still enough natural daylight to flood the room. My face, especially my cheeks and the tip of my nose, is bright crimson. Almost the same colour is the skin around the circumference of my palm. It rings a large water-blister, a rosy membrane on a sheet of single-bubbled bubble-wrap. The onion-skin-like derma appears thin. At some point in the future, maybe a day or two, possibly three from now, the blister will pop. The skin will dry and peel to reveal a new layer of skin, roseate and shiny, a constant reminder of this juncture in time. I poke at the bubble a few times, daring the taut, alien, outer carapace to break. When it does nothing but yield to my touch several times over, I rinse it with cold water, pat it dry, and re-dress it. 
Burst blood vessels, pomegranate pin-pricks, ring my eyes. A thin layer of foundation powder would dull the effect somewhat, but what's the point? 
My hair needs attention. With the elastic out, it looks as if I've just woken up. The brush feels awkward in my left hand. I manage to brush out most of the tangles and re-tie it into a passable bun.
I smell the pizza the moment I open the bathroom door—has it been over thirty minutes already? Palmer's in the kitchen tossing a small salad in the large wooden bowl. When he sees me he takes a moment to sweep it into the centre of the bowl before serving it. "There you are," he says. He removes two cans of pop from the freezer and sets them on the kitchen table. "I was debating whether to come and get you or leave you to your space." He sits at the table. "Veggie and anchovies on whole wheat okay?"
"I'm not hungry." 
"You need to keep up your strength." His hand feels cool at the juncture between my neck and shoulder. He plants a butterfly kiss on the crown of my head. 
Palmer drops a slice of pizza on a paper plate in front of me nevertheless. It smells like lonely teenaged Saturday nights, not totally uninviting. 
He takes the first bite of his pepperoni and sausage and chews in silence whilst avoiding eye contact. I pick at the onions on my slice.
"So, Goren wants me to hold a symposium on Earth," I say when it appears he's not going to ask. "He wants to bring the plight of the Gaian people to Earth's masses."
Palmer looks at me over the rim of his soda can. "I think it's a great idea."
"What? No! It's a terrible idea." He opens his mouth to say something but I cut him off. "I can't invite scholars and politicians to an event and tell them we're going to kill ourselves and this...alternate world if we don't mend our ways. I'd be made a laughing stock." I pause to take a drink. The bubbles burn going down.
"It's all in the framing of the situation, Moll."
"The fact that we're killing the planet's not new. People have better things to do than to spend a day beating a dead horse." I start in on the cheese, having already picked off most of the onions.
"Won't they be surprised if it turns out global warming's nothing more than a part of Earth's warming trend as she bounces back from the last ice age?" Palmer asks. "Do you know the scientist who supports that theory has actually received death threats for it? I saw the story on the news just the other day."
He takes a drink of his pop and helps both of us to another slice.
"I don't trust Goren," I say.
"He's the Prefecture bigwig, no?"
"He would have Gaia believe Earth's totally at fault for their predicament. He figures if he demonizes Earth then he can continue his behaviour unabated." The crust is crisp, chewy, and slightly salty having melded with the anchovies.
"His behaviour?"
"The trading he's doing with Earth. I know he's the one responsible. Reyes practically said as much when he showed me Goshan's ruins."
"But you trust Reyes."
"Yeah. I mean, I think I do. He seems to be straight with me."
"So get him to help you plan this symposium."
"I'm not hosting a symposium."
"Sure you are. You just don't know it yet."
"Not funny, Palmer," I say as I push my plate away.
"Come on, Moll. You know you want to. I'll help. So will Joey, I bet. I'll bring the idea to the Dean, see if we can't drum up a little funding."
"I'm not doing this," I say, firm. The muscles in my neck grow taught. It's all I can do to maintain my temper.
"Come on, Molly. It'll be fun."
"No. I'm not doing this," I say standing. "I'm not." I'm done. Ignorance is bliss. It truly is. I begin a hasty retreat back to the bathroom. I'd really rather crawl into bed and pull the covers over my head, stay there, and let the world come crashing in around me. And according to the Gaian prefects, it soon will. The fact is the bathroom's really the only room in the house with a lock on the door, the only place I can lock out the world. With the exhaust fan on and the water running, I'm pretty sure I can drown Palmer out, too.
"Molly," Palmer calls. I can hear him lumbering down the hall behind me. He grabs my arm just as I'm about to corner the bathroom door and pulls me close, burying my head in his chest. I try to pull away, but his grip is firm. He begins to stroke my hair. 
I gasp for breath and realize I'm crying. Palmer's shirt grows cool and damp beneath my cheek.
"Shhh," he tells me. "It'll be fine, I promise. You can do this. We can do this. Together."
Of course I could do this, plan a symposium, if I wanted to, that's not at issue. What is at issue is whether I want to do this, philosophically. I know Goren's up to something more than anyone's willing to admit. Maybe if I invited more than just businessmen, politicians and scholars in key positions on Earth. Maybe if I invited prefects and whatever they have on Gaia resembling businessmen as well. What if I used this opportunity to out Goren to his own people? Now that might make a difference.    
Palmer pulls away from me and smoothes my hair. "You okay?" he asks.
I manage a nod. 
"Had enough pizza for one day?" He smiles and I know everything will be okay. 
More Earth Radiation Flares
"What is it, Rice?" Bob Diaz asked. Diaz must have virtually teleported to John Rice's desk; he'd barely had enough time to re-seat the phone's handset in its cradle.
"More C1s, sir."
"More of the same?"
"No, sir. SOHO Prime's picked up one originating in the downtown core and several more north of the city, sir."
"Several?"
"Yes, sir."
"And you say, north of the city?"
Diaz sighed heavily. More C1s meant more trouble. His men would have to log more hours to efficiently monitor the situation putting a significant dent in his operating budget. Never mind the fact that so many large radiation bursts originating from the surface of the planet smelled like trouble no matter how you sliced it. He'd also have to call the authorities again. 
"I'll send you the GPS co-ordinates ASAP."
Diaz nodded. "Good work, Rice." His voice sounded more deflated than encouraging. 
Having noticed activity around Rice's desk, Ozzie decided to investigate. "What's that? Rice sucking up again?"
"Shut up, Osmond," Rice told him.
"Rice has discovered two more points of origin for the C1 flares."
"No shit!" Ozzie said. "What can I do?"
"Osmund: Continue to monitor all media channels.  Rice: Keep a close eye on SOHO transmissions. Hourly reports."
Molly Finds Out
Another lazy Sunday topped off by another lazy Sunday evening. Palmer's invited Schliemann over for a brainstorming session with me. He sits at his desk, perusing a number of digital spreadsheets detailing his last few summer budgets. In the midst of all this, Palmer's planning the university's summer archaeological field school. It's ironic, really, trying to preserve the past when we're not even sure we can preserve the future. The television's set to a twenty-four hour news station with the volume turned down. Josef Schliemann sits in the easy chair by the door with his laptop, as do I behind my desk. Both of us are trying to figure out who to invite to Symposium.
"Is anyone hungry?" I ask. Before anyone can answer, I add, "I could go for anything but pizza. I'm all pizzaed out."
Palmer looks up from his monitor. "Anything, Moll. Whatever you decide is fine with me."
I'm not really hungry, not yet, but I'm starting to feel like I might be in the next hour or so. It's a good sign—the first time since Stanley's death that I think I might be able to have a proper meal. "Does anyone feel for Chinese?"
"Molly, please," Palmer scolds. He looks at me and his face softens somewhat. When he speaks, so has his voice. "I have to finish crunching these numbers tonight. If I don't get the proposal done, we won't be digging anywhere anytime soon."
Schliemann makes a face at me showing we've goofed once Palmer's attention returns to his monitor. I shake my head at him and watch the news. The lead story is the latest oil tanker to spring a leak in the Pacific. Greenpeace members work in a gentle frenzy to save the wildlife. Dish soap bottle logos figure prominently in the shameless photo-ops that ensue. A tickertape scrolls across the bottom of the television screen detailing Friday's activity on the Toronto Stock Exchange, all gobbledy-gook to me with one exception. Amidst all the short forms for the businesses, one seems to stick out, a stock named 'GaiaCorp'.
"GaiaCorp?" I say.
"What?" Joey asks.
"GaiaCorp. On the TV. It's a stock on the TSX." I open a Google session on my computer and search for reference to GaiaCorp. Google returns ten hits—the first a web site for a company formally called Gaia Corporation. "Here it is," I say. "They make green products." I click on the link.
Joey says, "Seeing as Gaia is the Greek Earth Mother Goddess, it stands to reason an environmentally friendly company would—"
"They're an R and D firm."
"What do they R and D?" Palmer asks, interested in spite of his budgetary concerns.
On their homepage is a list of their research. "Solar panels...fuel cells...alternate energy sources..." I can't believe the technologies on the list. I have to stop and read it again.
Palmer asks, "Are you ok? You look pale."
Schliemann nudges the wastebasket beside my desk in my direction with his foot. It catches my bare baby toe and stings. I read them the list again, this time, in its entirety:  "Solar panels, fuel cells, alternate energy sources...magnetic levitation transportation systems and terraforming."
"No way," Palmer says. He rushes behind my chair and reads the webpage over my shoulder. "There's a link," he says, pointing to the text. "Click on it."
The hyperlink opens to a diagram of a small, charcoal grey, two-seater car. A rudder-like steering mechanism in lieu of a steering wheel is visible through the open window. "Oh my God!"
"What? What is it?" Schliemann says as he jumps to his feet and tries to get a glimpse at my computer screen.
"That looks exactly like a civ vehicle."
"What's that? A 'civ vehicle'?"
Palmer explains while I continue to study the image and the text following.
Schliemann laughs when Palmer's done. "Surely it has to be a coincidence, right?"
"Who's on the board of directors?" Palmer asks.
I go back to the homepage and do a search. "CEO is Loman Praetner." I go back to Google and type the name into the search window.
"What are you doing now?" asks Schliemann. He sounds upset by the whole thing, almost panicked.
"I'm searching for Loman Praetner."
"Why are you doing that?"
I shrug. "To learn more about him?"
"Why?" Schliemann asks. "Why him?"
"Molly thinks GaiaCorp is exactly that: a Gaian corporation," Palmer explains.
"Here?" Schliemann laughs. "On Earth? But you said there's been no contact with Gaia since the fifties."
"That we previously knew of. Now we know better," Palmer says. He reads the website on display over my shoulder.
"Because of the name of the company?"
"Because of the technology they're into," I tell him. "You sound frightened, Josef. Why all the questions?" This is exciting. Our first real evidence of Gaian activity on Earth. I'd think Schliemann would want me to follow the lead, to do the research, not question my motivation at every keystroke.
"Me?" he says. He straightens his posture and squares his shoulders. "Frightened? No, not at all. I just don't see—"
"If you want out, Joey," I threaten, "just say so and—"
"Nothing on Loman Praetner that I can find," Palmer says. As Schliemann and I duke it out, Palmer co-opts my mouse and continues the search.
Schliemann and I glare at each other for a moment. Try as I might, I can't seem to get a grip on his attitude, why he's here, why he came back, if he's not so gung-ho about our research.  "Try another search engine," I tell Palmer.
Three hits turn up, each of them directing us back to the GaiaCorp website. "Nothing," he says.
"Go back to GaiaCorp," I tell him, "I want the company's address."
"What for?" Schliemann asks.
"I'm going to pay them a visit tomorrow. I want to speak with this Praetner guy first hand."
"He's the CEO of the company, Molly. Do you really think they're going to grant you audience so readily?" Schliemann says.
"I can go one better than the address of GaiaCorp," says Palmer. "Cyber-411 has Praetner's home address. I'll get directions." He plunks the address into MapQuest and prints out a map and directions for me.
"So much for a lazy Sunday evening," I say. I wriggle my way between the men and head for the office door.
"You're going there now?" Schliemann asks, seemingly horrified.
"You have something else you'd rather do?"
"And you're going to let her go?" he asks Palmer. "Alone?"
"I assumed you'd want to go with her, but if you're chickening out—"
"Of course I'll go with her. Of course."
"Good. I've got my budget to tend to," Palmer says.
"Then it's settled," I say. "Give me a moment to change."
Meeting Loman Praetner
My phone rings its default ring indicating a call from an unknown number. When I pick up, Schliemann’s on the other end. "Where are you?" I ask.
"In the car behind you." I turn and he flashes me his brights. We're parked outside the Praetner residence. It's an Edwardian knock-off on a park-sized lot, built sometime in the mid 1900s, in a prestigious suburb of the city. 
"Get out of your car, Josef. Let's go." 
I reach for the door handle as Schliemann says, "Wait a minute. Before you go..." and I relax back into my seat.
"What is it, Josef?"
"Do you really think this is wise?" he asks. "I mean, bothering the man at his place of residence? Maybe we should wait until tomorrow and see him at his office."
"You're the one who said he wouldn't see us without an appointment, and that he was unlikely to grant us one anytime soon."
"Yes, well, I've had some time to think since then and—"
I press a button disconnecting the call and get out of my car. Who cares if Schliemann’s had a change of heart on the drive over?  I had time to think while I was driving, too. The bottom line is no one told me Gaia had a permanent base of operations here on Earth, not Trozai, not Samkin, not Reyes, and certainly not Goren. The drive helped to clear my head, and the more I think about it, the more I'm sure: I'm being played for a fool. If Loman Praetner truly is working for the Gaians, then he would have his own contacts. He or someone from his company could have easily executed the Earth symposium. Why did they need me? 
Josef Schliemann or no Josef Schliemann, I have to get to the bottom of this.
Schliemann catches up to me on the sidewalk. He grabs my elbow and forces me to stop. "Think about what you're going to do, Molly. We'd be trespassing. He could call the cops. Do you really want to get into it with the police after what happened the other night?"
I shake my arm free from his grasp. "I have questions I need answered, Josef. If you don't understand that, if you can't understand that, then wait for me here."
I begin the long walk toward Praetner's house alone, but Schliemann joins me mid-way. "What if this guy's not from Gaia? He'll think you certifiable."
"Have you ever done an Internet search on yourself, Josef?"
"Of course I—"
"And how many hits did it turn up?"
"I don't really remember how many—"
"Don't you think it odd the only links for Loman Praetner are on the GaiaCorp web site? It's like he doesn't exist outside the company."
"There could be a lot of reasons why—"
"You don't get to be the head of a company like GaiaCorp without an education, without proving yourself first. You'd think he'd be documented somewhere. Anywhere."
Schliemann takes a beat before responding. "I just think that if you wait until tomorrow, when you've thought about this a bit and had some time to formulate a plan, you might get further with Praetner." 
"I've had a chance to think, Josef." And I have, really, I have, and what I've decided is that I have to get to the bottom of this. Now. It's perhaps my greatest character flaw. When I need something taken care of, something important, I need to do it right away, otherwise it eats away at my psyche, picking at me until I do.
 At last we stand on the darkened doorstep. Surprisingly, it is Schliemann who rings the doorbell.
The lights come on. A diminutive red-head cowers beneath the door chain, between the door and the jamb. "Yes?" she says with great effort. 
"We'd like to speak with Loman Praetner, ma'am," Schliemann says. "Is he at home?"
She nods quickly and closes the door. Heavy footsteps precede a man who opens the door wide a few moments later. He is tall, broad and muscular. His jaw is square. He wears a smoking jacket, which he ties tightly around his torso, protecting him against the bite of the air.
"Are you Loman Praetner?" I ask before he has a chance to speak.
He nods. "Who are you?"
"My name is Molly McBride, Mr. Praetner. Does that name sound familiar?"
"Should it?" he asks. The silk sash on his jacket unties and his jacket falls open. He shivers and pulls it close to his body once more. In the mere seconds it takes for the jacket to open and for Praetner to re-tie it, I'm given a flash of his body, of the pale skin made to look even paler against the white of his undershirt, of the coarse, dark hair on his chest, and of the small, crescent-shaped scar on his neck, bright and gleaming against the pink of his skin.
"Nice scar," I tell him.
His hand moves to his throat. He rubs the scar with his fingers. "Hockey accident. Took a puck to the throat when I was a kid."
Liar! my brain screams. He has to know about the scar and what lies beneath, of this I'm sure. At least, I'm pretty sure. I suppose it's possible that, not unlike those with implants on Gaia, he may have no idea of the significance of the scar. What if he's just as big a dupe in Goren Prefect's scheme as am I?
Then again, how could he not know? I told Schliemann it was like Praetner didn’t exist outside of GaiaCorp. If he came to Earth as an adult, he'd have to know about the implant. I also said someone like Praetner didn't get to be the CEO of a company like GaiaCorp without first proving himself. What if he earned his stripes, not on Earth, but on Gaia? Of course Praetner knew. Being CEO of the company, he'd have to have contact with someone on Gaia who also knew of the endeavour. According to Reyes, only those in the Inner Clerisy Circle were privy to that information. And Goren was the apparent leader of the Inner Clerisy Circle.
"Tell Goren I demand immediate audience with him," I say, and then my back is to them—to Praetner and Schliemann—and I'm on my way back to my car.
"What is going on here?" Praetner demands of Schliemann.
"Tell Goren he's been summoned," I call. As I do, I hear Schliemann’s nervous footsteps hasten on the walk behind me. 
"What was that all about?" Schliemann asks once he's caught up to me.
Struggling to keep my wits about me, I say, "Praetner was born on Gaia, Josef. He has an implant."
Schliemann looks stunned, like he hasn't a clue about a thing I've said. "The scar. It's because he has an implant. Take it out and poof! he disappears back to Gaia."
"You're sure of this? You're sure Praetner's from Gaia?"
"Yeah, Josef," I say, rather calmly, "I'm sure."
"Fascinating!" he says to himself.
I bid him goodnight and continue the long walk to the street.
Back in my car, I grasp hard at the wheel, breathing deeply until I see Schliemann’s tail-lights disappear around a corner in the distance. When I'm sure he's gone, and Praetner's not coming out to find me, the tears begin to fall.
Slowly, with my forehead resting on the steering wheel, I begin to sober. With any luck, Praetner will give Goren the message and Goren will honour my request. Time to go home and decide exactly what I need to say to him.
Joey and Loman
Josef Schliemann circled around the block a few times to put distance between himself and Molly. The first time he circled round the Praetner residence, her car was still parked by the curb and he slowed his approach. For a horrifying moment, the car looked empty and he was sure she had gone back in to taunt the man some more. But then she moved and he realized she had been in the driver's seat all along, leaning forward against the steering wheel. When he passed, she sat up and started the car, and he was sure he was found out. She followed him to the corner. He turned right and she followed. His heart raced as he approached the next juncture in the road, certain she knew it was him and that she would shadow his route until he returned to the hotel. Rather, he went right and she continued straight ahead. Josef breathed a heavy sigh and continued forward to the Praetner home. He drove past and around the corner two more times until he was certain she had gone and would not return before he stopped his car, got out, and retraced his steps to the front door.
Outside of his visit with Molly, Josef had never before been to Praetner's home. Outside of their one meeting at the coffee shop in Buffalo and again with Molly earlier in the evening, he had never seen Praetner before in his life. Of course, he was sure he would see him again, sometime in the future. He had a verbal contract with the man and Josef was a man of his word. At some point in the foreseeable future, the men would have to meet to discuss the scope of his contract and firm up the finer points of Josef's remuneration. Who knows? Perhaps tonight would be the night.
Surprised at how much his hand shook in anticipation of another meeting with the man, Josef rang the doorbell. This time, Praetner answered, tentatively peeking at him through a crack in the door and over the door chain, much as his wife had earlier in the evening. When he'd identified Josef, he released the chain and let him in. 
"Loman?" the mousey Mrs. Praetner asked in a child-like voice. She sat on the spiral stairway holding her knees, playing with a lock of near copper-coloured hair. 
"Don't wait up," Praetner told her. He led Josef to his study, a large room with dark oak paneling and jewel-toned accents.
"You brought her straight to me," Praetner accused once he had closed and barred the door.
"Molly found you out on her own, her and that husband of hers." The reference to Paulie Richardson left a bad taste in Josef''s mouth. Paulie expected Josef to betray him, to take advantage of his good nature, as Josef knew he had so many times in the past. And while he hadn't set out to betray the man and his wife, Josef supposed that on some level, the fact he was standing in Praetner's office meant he already had.
"Still, you allowed her—"
"You don't know very much about the female persuasion, do you? Not that you would learn anything from that mouse of a woman of yours—"
Praetner advanced on Josef as he spoke: "You will speak of my mate with respect."
Josef continued as if the man hadn't spoken. "You never told me you were from another planet," he accused.
"Would you have agreed to our contract had you known?"
"Is she also—"
"My mate was born on Earth."
"Does she know?"
"What my mate knows or does not know is none of your concern." Praetner walked to his desk and opened a small, wooden humidor. From it, he withdrew two fat cigars and held one in Josef's direction. Josef shook his head and Praetner returned the cigar to the box. Next, he walked to a bar set up in a wall recess, poured a scotch and offered the glass to Josef who held a hand up to indicate he wasn't interested. Praetner’s gestures were cliché, as though he learned of how to strike clandestine deals through watching black and white gangster films. Even though he craved the nicotine and could probably use a good buzz from a few shots of good booze, Josef felt it better not to dine or drink with the devil when making deals with him. 
It hadn't felt like that, not at first, making a deal with Loman Praetner. The agreement had been simple. In exchange, Josef would earn coveted stocks in GaiaCorp, enough to make him a wealthy man should he decide to cash said stocks in, sometime in the near future. As well, Josef was guaranteed the position of Praetner’s personal scribe, a position which had little value initially, but now? To be the official scribe of all things Gaian, in the event of a successful Symposium, could prove very lucrative indeed, if Praetner could be trusted. He had lied to him, after all, at their first encounter in the coffee shop in Buffalo, the morning after his first meeting with Molly and Paulie, even if it was by omission. Then, he had introduced himself as a Canadian businessman, one whose company produced "green" products.
It never occurred to Josef to ask why Praetner was so interested in Molly McBride or how he had learned of Gaia in the first place.
"As you wish," Praetner said in response to Josef's refusal of his goodwill. He made himself comfortable in the large, padded chair behind his desk and lit the cigar. "Now then," he put his feet up on the desk, "it is imperative no one be aware of our plan for Symposium. It should go without saying my place of origin should remain secretive as well. Symposium will take place with the McBride woman as co-ordinator. It will take place with or without your continued participation."
"Why is Molly so important? Why her?"
"Are you slighted you were not the chosen one?" Praetner chided. 
Josef did not answer. Perhaps, at times, the thought had crossed his mind, especially during the times when she was obstinate or moody. Of all the people who could be chosen to head Symposium, why Paulie's wife?
Having made the assumption Josef was not about to respond to his question, Praetner continued. "She is The Emissary, the one who bridged the gap. It is only natural she be included in the necessary protocol."
"If you've got Molly, why do you need me?"
"My sources tell me the McBride woman has an agenda of her own for Symposium. It is of the utmost importance the Gaian imperative be heard at this Symposium. You must keep the McBride woman on track, make sure she does not de-rail Symposium to her own benefit."
"You want me to spy on her? That's it?"
"Not spy, no. To use the word 'spy' might taint our objective. I merely ask that you watch and listen and keep me informed."
"You want me to spy on her."
Praetner nodded, then took a sip of his scotch. "Remember: wealth and fame greater than you have ever known if you do as I ask. If you refuse, or you are ineffective, there will be no reward. You must do all in your power to persuade the McBride woman to leave us, leave The Gaian Corporation and by default Goren, out of it. Barring that, you must use any means to stop her."
Josef felt sure Praetner was a master at hyperbole. While he wasn't adverse to increasing the number on his bank account, nor would he ever shy away from publicity, the more he spoke with Praetner, the more Josef was sure he was hiding something. No matter if or what Praetner was hiding, he was a much stronger ally than Paulie and his wife. What could they offer him past the spotlight of keynote speaker on Symposium day for nothing more than a paltry honourarium? The more he thought about it, the more he realized he had the best of both worlds. He was privy to information from both sides. It was at his sole discretion how much he divulged to either Loman Praetner or Molly McBride.
Josef smiled. "You know, I've changed my mind. I believe I'll join you in that cigar, after all."   
GaiaCorp 
Loman Praetner straightened the knot of his tie. It was his best tie, given to him as a gift by his superior and mentor, Goren Prefect when he'd received the appointment as Chief Executive Officer of the Gaia Corporation on Earth. Though the tie was attractive, as far as ties went, Loman loathed it. Point of fact, Loman Praetner loathed all ties in general. The very idea of wearing a noose made from the glandular secretion of blind, flightless moths and calling it 'high fashion' was far beyond the scope of Loman's ken. Even so, he managed to swallow his distaste daily, looping the garrote around his neck, knotting it about the larynx, and pulling thusly. 
The intercom buzzer again. His receptionist was getting anxious. Loman peered between the horizontal blinds which formed the only means of privacy between his chambers and the reception area. Catherine, his receptionist, stared meekly at the four men standing just outside his door, unsure if she should continue to go about her business and ignore them, or if she should give them attention and if so, how much.
Time to relieve her of her pain.
Loman opened the door. "Gentlemen," he said, and he guided them in with a flourish.
The men introduced themselves to Loman—Down and Savant, Homeland Security and Poston and Thomas, CSIS—and Loman introduced himself to them, trying hard not to cringe as he spoke.  The nomenclature of Earth surnames was lost on him. Loman had "won" the surname Praetner in a lottery during GaiaCorp's inception. Try as he might, he could not imagine what a praetner was or did. And whilst "Praetner" sounded, in its first syllable, similar to "Prefect", his true surname, the moniker, nevertheless, remained alien to Loman's ears and tongue.
He asked the men to sit in the lounge area, a comfortable area of excess, situated in the corner aslant from his worktable. It boasted overstuffed, rubicund chesterfields of cured cow's hide, something prized on Earth and worth a great deal in their currency, but considered repugnant on Gaia. Still, the office had come furnished and, once his initial distaste for the material of manufacture had been overcome, he had to admit, it was quite comfortable. 
"So," the man called Down said as he pulled his suit jacket out from beneath his buttocks and smoothed his trousers, "What exactly do you do here at GaiaCorp?"
"R and D," Loman said, "Research and development." The agents looked at him blindly. "Green materials?" Loman added. Earth had its way of making everything sound cute and cuddly, whether it be the act of producing excrement, or of maintaining the environment.
"Can you give me a for instance?" asked Poston.
Loman shrugged. "PVs as well as—"
"PVs?" 
"Photovoltaics? Converting light energy into electricity, as with solar panels." The men on the couch opposite Loman nodded or made affirmative noises, so he continued, "As well as the discovery and implementation of other new, affordable, environmentally friendly fuel sources."
"Such as?"
"You know Fred," Thomas said, "Hybrid and electric cars, wind power, and the like."
Poston shot him a look.
Loman wanted to add non-invasive terraforming and auto-initiated phase shifting, and the processes by which these activities might continue without blowing up or otherwise destroying the planet, but thought better of it.
"Anything nuclear or radiometric going on?"
Loman smiled. He couldn't help but let out a small chuckle. "Nuclear waste and other hazardous materials are what we're trying to avoid here at GaiaCorp, gentlemen. To harbour such materials would be counterproductive to our mandate.
"Photovoltaics use various forms of silicon which are used to collect power. Our focus here at GaiaCorp is to figure out more efficient ways in which to channel the energy our fuel cells collect."
"Be that as it may," Poston said, standing, "We'd like to take a look. If you don't mind, that is."
"Might I ask: why the interest in GaiaCorp, specifically?"
"Some of our satellites picked up unusual readings in this area. Radiometric blasts in the order of small solar flares. It seemed disconcerting, given the magnitude of the blasts, and that the main focus for your company is research and development—
"We do plan to investigate other businesses in the area, pending the outcome here, of course." Poston glanced at the other men who stood as if on cue.
 It was the new mantra of American officials: guilty until proven innocent in matters involving homeland security. Loman smiled smarmily. "I'm sorry, gentlemen, but I can't let you do that." He stood to gain footing with the men, to put him on the same level as them. Being over six feet in height, he was comforted to know he towered over each of them instead. "Competition being as fierce as it is nowadays, you can appreciate why our research is strictly 'eyes only'."
"All the same," Homeland Security Agent Down said, "Uncle Sam would like to take a look."
Once more, Loman flashed his smarmy smile. "If I'm not mistaken, Uncle Sam carries no jurisdiction here." This was one of the reasons Goren Prefect, founder of GaiaCorp chose to locate the company in Canada: their flavour of homeland security was lax. Though Canada made noise as far as how their security had tightened since the so-called 'terror attacks' in New York several years ago, not much had really changed for the Canadian way of life, save stepped-up interrogation tactics when Canadians tried to cross their southern border.
"What about the Queen Mum?" Thomas asked. "I'm sure she'd be just as curious as good old Uncle Sam."
A telephone ringing in his outer chambers took Loman's attention briefly. When he looked back, the one calling himself Poston was holding a folded piece of paper. Loman took it, unfolded it, and began to read, trying to make sense of it. Gibberish all. The one thing which was clear was that the paper was a warrant to search the premises.
There were two quick raps on the door and Catherine, the receptionist, let herself in without invite. "Excuse me, Mr. Praetner, sir," she said. "I think you should take a look." Loman's glass-enclosed office was typical of most in the building. Catherine nodded in the direction of the 'wall' which looked out over the lobby below.
A small army of people, men and women both, stood in queue, two-by-two, at the ready, each a carbon copy of the next, wearing black suits, white dress shirts and thin ties, each of them carrying a silver tool kit with the blue, red and gold CSIS emblem on prominent display.
It was that McBride woman. He had warned Schliemann to keep her on a short leash. Whatever the distance, it wasn't short enough.
Tell Goren she demanded immediate audience with him, indeed.
Goren would hear about this. That he would be tolerant of the invasion was preposterous. 
Loman took a deep breath. On Earth they had a saying: You reap what you sow. 
All tallies will be paid at the end of the day, or so his mother used to say. 
Goren would take care of the McBride woman. And of Schliemann, too, if need be. 
Loman focused on the paper hanging limply in Poston's hand. Nothing untoward here, he told himself. Just a bunch of offices, and small labs. That there were any nuclear or otherwise radioactive materials on the premises was preposterous. Let them conduct their search. Short of entering one of the private offices at the exact time a Gaian official decided to shift over, they would find nothing suspicious.
Poston forced a smile. "Now, about that tour, Mr. Praetner?" he said.
Molly and Reyes
I look up in response to a knock at my door, grateful to have a momentary diversion from the papers I'm marking, to see Reyes standing, forlorn, in the doorway. Remembering I had chastised him for shifting directly into my office the last time, I smile.
"May I enter?" he asks, sheepishly.
"Come in," I say. I dial Rosy's office. When she answers I tell her I'm in an important meeting and am not to be disturbed under any circumstance, with the exception of Palmer. "Have a seat," I tell Reyes. 
"So," I say, "I ask for Goren and I get you instead."
"If I were you, I would much rather speak with me than with Goren," he says earnestly. 
"I would too, if I knew I could trust you."
He recoils as if I've just slapped him in the face. "I have been honest with you from the day we first met."
"I don't know, Reyes. I don't know you, I mean, really know you, who you are...what you stand for—"
"Why do you now choose to question my loyalty?"
"How do I know you're not in league with Goren?"
"I told you I would join the Inner Clerisy Circle. You, yourself urged me to join to gauge the pulse of Goren and his activities in this manner.
"Goren sent me as his emissary because he knows you trust me—"
"See? That's just it. I'm sorry, but I...I don't know if I do anymore."
"Molly McBride: I have been nothing short of transparent with you since we met. I have remained steadfast as your adversary to Goren and his cohort since that day—"
"Why didn't you tell me about GaiaCorp?"
"I had no knowledge of The Gaia Corporation until today. Goren told me of it this morning. I believe he only told me because you became aware of its existence."
"And what, exactly, did Goren tell you of GaiaCorp?"
"You will not be pleased to hear what I have to say." He watches me for a response, but I'm numb, have been since he waltzed into my office.
Reyes rests his elbows on his lap and leans forward as he speaks: "The Gaia Corporation was founded on Earth roughly seven kalend cycles ago. They selected Canada because the political climate in the United States was too volatile at the time. Goren feared it might prevent him from carrying out his business unfettered—"
"Which was...?"
"To devise a safe method of terraforming and phase shifting where it would not harm the planet."
"You mean, where it wouldn't harm Gaia."
He leans back into his chair. "Yes, of course."
"So it doesn't matter if Earth is harmed as long as Gaia's protected."
"It is not like that. Most of GaiaCorp's experiments are theoretical in nature. Those which are more practical are carried out in a room with protective shielding. Goren is devoted to the restoration of the planet but he is not reckless. He is aware that any degradation in the pitch of Earth's phase resonance may be visited upon Gaia tenfold. Whatever experimentation taking place on GaiaCorp's premises is for the greater good of mankind, both Earther and Gaian."
I don't buy it. I met Goren Prefect. He struck me as being more ambitious than altruistic. Whatever I may think about Goren, it doesn't matter as much as what Reyes thinks about the man. "Do you believe him?" I ask.
"I believe those involved in the project strive toward devising methods by which Cataclysm may be halted. I believe they feel if Earth's environment can be helped, it would mean huge strides toward that end. I am not sure experimenting with terraforming and phase shifting on our sister planet is the most expedient way to do so."
"I find it hard to believe that as a member of Goren's Inner Circle, you knew nothing of a Gaian stronghold here on Earth."
"I swear to you, Molly McBride. I knew nothing about The Gaian Corporation until Goren told me about it this very morning. I aver that, had you not discovered its presence on Earth, I would still not be aware of its presence on Earth." He looks at his hands and lowers his voice and says, "Its existence is troubling, to say the least."
"I'd say it's a little more than troubling, Reyes."
"What is even more troubling for Goren is he believes you exposed the company to your authorities."
"What?" I can only imagine what atrocities to Earth's environment Goren carries out at GaiaCorp, Reyes's statement to the contrary aside. The last thing I need is for 'the authorities' to connect me to him. Since Stanley, the less contact I have with law enforcement, the better. "I'm sorry, but if anyone told the police about GaiaCorp, it wasn't me."
Reyes thinks for a moment. "We must walk softly, Molly McBride. Goren has convinced himself you pose a threat. He sent me here to insist you follow his purpose for Symposium."
"That being?"
"To present Gaians as penitent for the role they played in initiating Cataclysm, yet dedicated to working with the citizens of Earth to halt its onslaught."
"Penitent, huh? You call continuing your experiments on Earth penitent? You call unabated willful shifting—which, I remind you, hastens Cataclysm—penitent? I wouldn't be surprised if it's all your shifting that attracted the authorities to GaiaCorp in the first place."
"You are not supposed to be aware of these things, Molly McBride."
"But I am, Reyes. I can't just turn a blind eye to what's been going on to satisfy Goren's agenda."
"Nor should you have to." He walks to my office door and shuts it. "I have been in contact with Motar Prefect, a man who was an old friend of my father's. He introduced me to a movement dedicated to stopping Goren and his cohort. He has enlisted my assistance to do so, and I, in turn, wish for your assistance as well."
"Assistance with what?"
"Motar's people are dedicated to stopping Goren and his cohort from destroying our planet and by default, yours. They will be present at Symposium. They will hold Goren's people at bay until you are done revealing Goren's true meaning as well as the existence of GaiaCorp."
"And the members of Goren's Inner Circle who are in attendance?"
"They will be taken into custody and secured on Gaia for all of eternity."
"You can do that? Stop them from ever shifting again?"
"We have a posit which may provide us with a solution, yes."
"And what about this Motar? Can you trust him?"
"Motar Prefect and my father were like brothers, may my father be remembered fondly in this world and the next. I trust him as I would trust a beloved uncle.
"In order for this to work, Molly McBride, you and I must form our own Inner Clerisy Circle of two. No one must be aware of our true meaning save you and I."
"My husband as well. He knows. And another man. Someone I've trusted with my whole looking glass story, although I don't know why."
Reyes looks uncomfortable. "Please. It is imperative as few people as possible are aware of our plan. The more who are aware, the closer it may place us to danger."
How did this happen? One moment I'm filling in for my husband at an innocuous artifact night and the next I'm being investigated for murder and involved in a political coup on another planet? 
"Continue with your plans for Symposium. What shall I tell Goren of your progress in this matter?"
I tell Reyes we've finalized our guest list. I've also contacted a few venues and caterers, but have made no commitments as of yet. Symposium should take place sometime in the next three to four months, depending on who we go with.
Reyes nods. "I shall tell Goren, as far as I am aware, you have no knowledge of Gaian activity on Earth other than my visits to you. I shall also tell him you are satisfied with my explication of GaiaCorp's agenda. That should satisfy him.
"Do you need anything from me, Molly McBride?"
I can't think of anything directly, so I shake my head.
"For future reference, demanding office with Goren or myself through Loman Praetner is not a good idea." He takes a beat and then says, "With reference to Loman Praetner: how did you know he had connections to Goren?"
"I had a hunch."
"A hunch?"
"Well, that, and his scar." Reyes questions me about the scar.
"My father had such a scar," he tells me once I've explained. "Right here," he says as he touches the side of his neck."
In the split second before Reyes begins to speak again, I wonder if his father wasn't born on Earth as well.
"He had not always had it. He became sick whilst working on the terraforming project. He had a lengthy convalescence, or so it seemed to a lad who missed his father. We were not permitted to visit him during that time and my siblings and I feared he had expired when at last he returned to us bearing that unusual scar."
A Gaian born on Gaia given an implant after an illness? Was it possible the crescent-shaped scar was no more than just the preferred pattern for surgical incisions on Gaia?  
"I will make regular contact with you on a weekly basis to offer my assistance," Reyes continues. "Until then, Molly McBride," he says with a smile and a nod. He leaves my office and closes the door behind him. I feel a draft beneath my door. When I open it, Reyes has gone.
Malaron's Story
Malaron Tinker earned his living fixing things.   As long as he might continue tinkering, he would be a wealthy man.  Manarit, the medic's wife, refuses to scrape the plates prior to washing.  She calls him once a fortnight to drain the sink as a result.  Roshan, the greengrocer's wife, who doesn't know how to cook, calls him nearly as often to repair their cooktop and salvage their meal.  She promises him double credit if he remains discreet.  The Tinker family was all set.  Between Roshan and Manarit, they would survive both famine and the plague.  
	  Malaron had been waiting exactly two minutes thirty-nine seconds by his pocket chronometer in the sombre laneway at the rear of Southern Sanctorum.  He paced the width of the laneway, retracing his steps back and forth, forth and back, awaiting his contact.  Said contact was Goren Prefect, First Prefect of Theran Prefecture, a formidable man, to be sure, barring his diminutive exterior.  To be summoned to meet with Goren was alarming in itself, but to acquiesce to the summons to meet with Goren, behind Southern Sanctorum rather than inside it, was madness. Malaron coughed at the chill in the air and pulled the collar of his thin tunic closed. He resolved to make acquaintance with the tailor and his wife should he survive this ordeal.
Agreeing to meet Goren was folly under any circumstance.  In his initial contact, he had alluded to Malaron's craft, had said he had a lucrative proposition for him, one which would be both fruitful and satisfying, one which appealed to his particular talent, his particular area of expertise. And while that might imply almost anything, being a diplomat of the prefecture in the field of mechanization, Malaron had an idea as to what he had meant.  
Back in the days of terraforming, Malaron had a brief, yet profitable arrangement with the prefects of Theran Prefecture.  It seemed terraformers working on the project had developed a cohesion problem.  Long term exposure to the technology which made terraforming possible caused a variance in the pitch of the terraformers' phases. Malaron was hired as a member of a team of scientists charged with devising ways to counteract the phenomenon.  It took some time, but they eventually did it with the invention of a radical implant.  The implant was small—the size of a coin—and was installed just under the skin of the afflicted, a small, crescent-shaped scar the only evidence which remained of its existence. Once activated, the device monitored the patient's pitch resonance and corrected variances as they occurred.
Quite a milestone discovery, indeed, yet news of the breakthrough remained a secret.  No one, save the members of Malaron's team, the First Prefects of Theran Prefecture, and the thankful terraformers, ever knew.  Malaron was promised a comfortable dwelling and schooling for his children for his participation, and his silence.
If this were the purpose of the meeting, Goren would be the second person in a short while to enquire about the technology. Even more unusual was that the call had come from Goren himself—not a Junior Prefect, nor from one of Goren's disciples. This was disconcerting to Malaron, primarily because the meeting was to remain confidential.  As a result, no one knew where Malaron was at this particular point in time.  Depending upon Goren's intentions, that could prove problematic if not fatal.
At last, a small figure in stygian dress appeared at the far end of the lane.  He grew larger as he approached, but inappreciably so.  It was Goren, Malaron felt sure, even at this distance.  The figure continued to approach, periodically checking over his shoulder as he did to ensure they were alone, or to ensure security was in place before he proceeded, Malaron was unsure as to which.  After a moment, the man stood practically toe-to-toe with Malaron. 
Goren Prefect looked as he had all those years ago, thinning gray hair and yellowed teeth aside.  When he spoke, his voice was also thinner than Malaron had remembered (or was that simply the effort made to keep their communion undetected?).  When he spoke, Goren had forgone all the usual niceties of standard conversational etiquette and seemed to begin mid-discussion.  "I need a modulator," he whispered.
"What?" Malaron asked, uncertain if he had heard correctly.  Modulators had been unauthorized during a widespread effort to maintain the integrity of The Pact.  Possession of such outlawed materials was punishable by whatever tariffs the first prefects of a prefecture decided to impose.  In keeping the consequences of breeching The Pact ambiguous, the prefects could impose whatever disciplinary action they felt suited the crime.  Immediately Malaron felt sure Goren was leading him to ruin.  Should he continue the conversation, Malaron might indict himself in wrongdoing.  
"You are Malaron Tinker, are you not?  The same Malaron Tinker who participated in the Terraforming Initiative two-and-a-half decades past?"
Malaron glared at him, dread preventing his lips from forming a reply.
"Come, come now, Tinker.  The penalties outlined in The Pact are not retroactive.  You cannot be levied for crimes committed in retrospect."
"It is I," he squeaked with parched tongue.
"Good, then.  I need a modulator.  More specifically, I am commissioning you to fabricate it."
"The fabrication of any device to invoke deliberate phase shifting is an act of treason, an intentional breach in the integrity of The Pact, punishable as outlined in The Pact Treaty."
"Do not quote semantics—" Goren began, but then stopped himself abruptly.  He continued to speak in hushed tones.  "Do not quote semantics to me.  I was involved in the drafting of The Pact.  Quoting The Pact to me is akin to quoting The Iliad to Homer."  The lecture in history, as well as the condescension in Goren's voice, ended.  "Will you build me a modulator, yay or nay?  If yay, then I am prepared to speak to you of remuneration schedules; if nay, then we must part and go our separate ways before this meeting is detected."
Until now, Malaron had been wary to look Goren anywhere but in the boots, or the buckle of his belt.  At last he chanced a look into his cornflower eyes, and saw no warmth.  Goren had no love for Malaron, a simple tinker by profession, nor would Goren care if Malaron's wife and children were provided for should Malaron cease.  Did Malaron have the free will to refuse Goren's proposition?  Or did the mere fact he had the knowledge that someone—a first prefect, no less—had planned on compromising the integrity of The Pact mean his death certificate had already been endorsed?
"Very well," Goren said.  He turned to leave.
Malaron surveyed the empty laneway in which he had stood.  He looked up to the rooftops which flanked the alley above.  Was that it?  Could it all be as simple as that?  Would Goren leave him to carry on life as before without repercussion as the result of the rebuke?  Malaron watched Goren slowly slink down the lane.  He no longer felt alone.  Suddenly, he felt the weight of a thousand eyes as they peered at him from behind the compost retainer, around the corner at the terminus of the laneway to his rear, atop the pylon on the roofs of the buildings which formed the alley.  They would wait for Goren's egress and pounce, exterminating him like a house rodent, destroying all evidence of Malaron's refusal of the proposition.
In the end, it was the thought of his wife and children left with no protection or means of subsistence which forced him to action.  "Yay," he called.
Goren continued to walk as though he had not heard.
"I say, 'yay'," Malaron called again, advancing on the dark figure in the distance.
Goren stopped walking.  Without turning, he waited until Malaron had caught up to him.  The men continued, Goren with Malaron in tow, down the laneway and into the vehicle waiting at the head of the alley. 
Three months later...
The Saving the Worlds Symposium has been the main topic of conversation in our household over the past few weeks. It usually occurs in fits and starts. One of us begins to discuss the possibility of Symposium's success and the other takes up discussing the probability of its failure. We’ve spent hours going over menus and venues and itineraries and making lists of all the politicians and actors and activists and scientists and educators we might invite.
The hall was the first to be booked, a small venue north of the city in an old Victorian mansion turned bed-and-breakfast and conference centre. The meal selected was totally vegan to satisfy the hunger of the animal activists we'd invited. We settled on tofu steak in filo with organic, locally grown—not transgenic—steamed vegetables. We arranged for tap, over bottled, water and cloth, over paper, napkins. In lieu of an honourarium, each speaker would receive a certificate stating a tree had been planted in a tropical rainforest in their honour. 
The conference came to be known as "Saving the World Symposium", but those involved in its planning on Earth knew it as "Saving the Worlds Symposium", for this was its true purpose. On Gaia, it was known simply as "Earth Symposium".
Palmer, Josef, Reyes and I did most of the planning with some input from Goren via Reyes. Palmer and I realized early on that in order for Symposium to be a success, the proper framing of the event used to entice those invited to attend was paramount. As well, the keynote speakers had to be strong, people who had a loyal following comprised of the politicians, actors, activists, scientists and educators on our guest list.  It was a given that Goren Prefect needed floor time. I needed time too, if Reyes and I were to expose The Inner Clerisy Circle's hidden agenda. Pragmatically I had to concede Goren and myself were unknowns and unlikely to draw anything past local attention—if that—as a result. Josef Schliemann was the first to sign on as "celebrity" keynote speaker, and though he couldn't fathom why on Earth we'd need a stronger fellow-speaker to draw greater attendance, we booked a world-renowned Canadian environmentalist as the other speaker.
Keynote speakers were not the only items on the itinerary. Several breakout sessions would also be scheduled, in which small groups of participants each would tackle a different, impending environmental disaster. Each room would draft a solution, steps necessary for all in attendance if the ensuing disaster were to be avoided. In a risky move, we implored people not to attend if they were not willing to take the suggestions outlined for each scenario to heart.
The invitations went out. 
Over the next few weeks the responses trickled in. I had to contact a few key invitees myself when it became apparent they weren't going to reply on their own. Few of these were in the affirmative. Nevertheless, our guest list continued to grow.
At present time the Saving the Worlds Symposium is exactly one week away. On this evening, I quickly get tired of channel-surfing and convince Palmer to build a fire in the living room fireplace. Once more we begin to speak of Symposium. After a while I excuse myself to get my Symposium Planning Kit, a large cardboard box in which I keep all items pertaining to Symposium. Because it’s fun to review, and I'm a little compulsive when it comes to planning, I take out the returned invitation folder and begin to spread the responses out on the floor in front of me.
"Sting declined," I tell Palmer, probably for the ninth or tenth time since I received his RSVP.
"But Bono's still coming, right?"
I nod.
"Too bad we couldn't get him to speak." This lament has been expressed before, by each of us in turn. Truth is, none of us thought of asking him until it was too late.
"Cameron Diaz, Jamie Oliver, Daryl Hannah—"
"So far as I know the celebrity role call hasn't changed, Moll. You've read it to me so many times already, I almost know it by rote," Palmer teases.
"You know, celebrities are Pied Pipers for paparazzi—"
"Which means good press, I get it—America's royal family."
"The royal family declined, by the way." He looks at me as if he's forgotten we had the gall to invite them in the first place. "Late RSVP."  
"Is this the politician list?" He picks up another set of papers.  He reads the roll unnecessarily—I've already committed it to memory. "The Liberal party's sending representatives. Party leaders are coming for Tories, NDP and Green parties.
"Twenty or so senators from various nearby states, and from a variety of political parties, and...a party of representatives from the White House." He purses his lips and nods. "Impressive."
"Thanks," I say, doubting his sincerity and grab the list from his hand.
"Who's left?" he asks.
"Some activist groups:  Greenpeace, World Wildlife Foundation, Friends of the Earth, Earthroots, NAFTA, and a number of smaller, Ontario green groups—" 
"Don't forget The Metro Zoo and Science Centre and representatives from virtually every university in the province."
"Them too." I find another list. "Okay: Press. Virtually every local station's sending a reporting team or at the very least, a videographer."
"How many guests at last count?"
"One-hundred-and-twenty-three from Earth and another forty-two from Gaia."
"Forty-two!"
"Their list keeps growing every time Reyes comes by."
"And you've confirmed the venue? They've made the necessary green adjustments?"
We review the "green" list which includes replacing every light-bulb in plain sight with energy efficient ones. When we're done, we review the menu and agenda.
"I can't believe this is actually going to happen, that we're actually going to pull this off." I gather the papers into small piles with Palmer's help. When we're done, he shimmies close to me and strokes my hair.
"Not we—you. You're going to pull this off, Moll." He smiles at me. "It's the Molly Saves the Worlds Symposium."
"How do you think it would look if I got that on a T-shirt?" I turn away from him to close the box. As I stroke the lid, the reality of the situation hits me like a wave and I feel like I'm drowning. Over one-hundred people converging to discuss the environment, important people agreeing to work toward saving the environment. And forty Gaian wild-cards.
"I'm scared, Palmer," I tell him, barely a whisper. 
"Molly?" he asks, and he takes my hand.
I can't speak. All I can think about is the look on Goren's face and the faces of his men when I expose their tightly-knit circle and their precious Gaia Corporation. 
"What's wrong?" he asks.
"What are we trying to do here? I mean, have you thought about what we're really trying to do here?"
"We're making people aware of the state of the environment, trying to kick their butts into action. The Powers That Be have to realize that doing nothing about the situation is just as bad as contributing to it." He strokes my cheek with his free hand to brush away a tear that's fallen. "If they know we're going to follow up, publish our results, they might be more inclined to get off their asses and do something about it."
"And what about the political climate on Gaia?"
"I don't give a damn about the political climate on Gaia and quite frankly, that's none of our business," he says.
"But it is our business, don't you see? We plan on exposing Goren's duplicity at Symposium which is almost as good as overthrowing their government."
"Don't you think you're exaggerating a bit, Moll?" He switches positions on the floor. "At best you're like the guy who exposed Clinton's sex scandal. And what happened there? Clinton admitted he was in the wrong. He took some bad press but finished his term. People forgave him the transgression and he stayed in office, and whoever it was who first reported on the scandal faded into obscurity."
"So you're saying it won't matter. Politics on Gaia will remain status quo."
He nods. "For a little while, yeah. Until it's had a chance to sink in.
"Clinton didn't survive another election. Maybe Goren won't either—"
"Gaian officials aren't elected—"
"It doesn't matter. Once people have thought about it, once Reyes's friends have had a chance to leak some more information, something might happen.
"My point is you're just disseminating information at Symposium. It's up to the Gaians what to do with it."
I look to the floor and shake my head. Hot tears blink from my eyes.
"Look: what you're doing is monumental in its scope, in the effort and the energy and the bravery you're expending on this project. Look at what you've done, Moll. The Saving the Worlds Symposium is yours. When people look back at it, they'll admire your work for the sheer scope of your guest list, if for nothing else." He laughs. He's trying to make light of the situation, hoping I'll forget my fear.
"And then I'll fade into obscurity like the guy who exposed Clinton."  
"That's the spirit!" He stands and carries my planning kit to my desk. I linger alone in the living room for a few moments, still drowning under the weight of the situation. If politics on Gaia do change, if Goren is eventually overthrown, it will be because of me, because of what I do or say at Symposium. While I'd like nothing more than to see Goren behind bars or his title stripped to Second Prefect or banished to the Inf Sector, or whatever punishment a breech in the integrity of The Pact might warrant, I can’t forget that I'm not untouchable, none of us are. Goren and his men possess the technology to find us at will. They could shift to Earth in secret anytime and anywhere and harm us (or worse), and shift back undetected. They possess the security I crave more and more with each day of Symposium's approach.  

Saving the Worlds Symposium
It is Saving the Worlds Symposium day in the GTA. Palmer and I arranged for a room overnight so we could be on site when the preparations began. The dining hall is set and meal preparations have begun. We're watching the sound check underway in the auditorium. They told me to stay close so they could get a reading on my voice. 
Palmer taps my arm and points to a group of men standing in the far corner of the auditorium. One of them talks into his shirtsleeve.
"Men in Black," I say.
He nods.  "Homeland Security," he says.  He nods at another group of men wearing black suits with pencil-legged pants, narrow black ties, and close cropped hair. "CSIS," he says.  "And look over there."  He pivots me by the elbow and points to another group of men dressed almost identically to the first two groups.  "MI6," he says.  
British intelligence? "Cool," I say in awe of the attention we've garnered.  
"Very cool," Palmer confirms.  "You did it, Moll.  You made this happen.  You brought the world together to save it."  
	"No," I say, "we brought the worlds together."
	"Very cool," he says again.

Palmer slips away to make a few phone calls while I wait for my turn at sound check. The place is jumping. People buzz around arranging flowers, moving chairs on the stage, or checking lights. I sit near the back of the theatre, watching the activity. At some point my eyes close and I doze.
"Professor McBride?" a man says into the microphone on the stage waking me. Then, muted, "Can someone find Professor McBride?" he says to someone off stage and returns to the microphone which screams a chorus of loud feedback.  "Professor McBride?" he says again.  
I stand and wave my hand at him.  
"Ready for a sound check soon, Professor.  Don't go too far."  
I give him the thumbs up and plop back into my seat.  
"Hello, Molly," someone says from behind me.  Josef Schliemann. I recognize his silken croon before I turn to face him. 
"You scared me," I say.  It's a little unnerving to find out someone's been lurking in silence behind you when you thought you were alone. "How long have you been sitting there?"
"This symposium cannot continue, Molly," he tells me, face and voice devoid of expression. 
"Are you okay, Josef? Because you're starting to freak me out."
"I'm fine. And so will you be. And Paulie. All you have to do is reconsider what you plan on doing here today."
"I don't know what you're talking about, Josef. You've known what Reyes and I have planned from the beginning. Why the sudden cold feet?"
He raises the hem of his shirt to reveal a gun. It's smaller than I thought a gun would be, though heavy and awkward when he handles it. He leaves it exposed long enough to let its icy, metallic necromancy nibble away at my confidence. When he judges I've received his message, he hides it with his hand.   
"What are you, crazy?  Secret service from practically every country that has a secret service is here in this room.  What do you think would happen if they knew you had a gun?  You'd never get out of this room."  My voice sounds surprisingly calm. Popular culture tells you to be frantic at the mere sight of the weapon, but it's not like that in real life. The onslaught of fear brought about by being held at gunpoint is one of slow realization, like tiny fingers scratching away at the edge of bravado.
"Five minutes, Professor McBride," the man on stage says into the microphone.
My eyes remain fixed on Schliemann’s and I say nothing in response. 
"Professor McBride?" he says again. It feels good to know he's monitoring my whereabouts. It's like someone's got my back.
"Give them the thumbs up like you did before," Schliemann says. "Like nothing's wrong."
I can't take my eyes off Schliemann. His eyes, warm and playful when we first met, have grown stony. In a single motion, he cocks the hammer on the gun without lifting it from his lap and fear gains some headway. 
I swallow the lump that's formed in my throat. Loathe to turn my back on Schliemann, I nevertheless manage to give the thumbs up to the man on the stage.
"The integrity of The Pact must be maintained at all costs," Schliemann says.
"Christ, you sound like that radical Goren."  I do a little half-turn in my seat so I can face him fully as I speak. "What the hell do you think this day’s about if it’s not to maintain the integrity of The Pact?"
"You sad little thing. You have no idea, do you?  You're so busy with this save the world crap you have no idea what this is really all about.  Do you have any idea how different Earth and Gaia really are?  Do you know how much knowledge and technology is available on both sides?  And it's there for the taking, there for someone like me to broker both knowledge and technology on both sides.  Enough there to make me a wealthy man."  There's something about a gun which makes the holder think his target won't survive long enough to repeat what he says.  As a consequence, the holder of the gun tends to espouse all sorts of truths.  
"You bastard, you're the one who has no idea," I say to the sellout.  "Do you have any idea what today's about?  What it's truly about?  The prefects have a theory about what's been going on.  They think Gaia's the original world.  Gaia was cloned when the meteor hit, creating Earth, an exact duplicate.  Gaia was knocked out of phase, but over time the phase has been returning to normal.  When it does, Gaia will be the dominant one and Earth will suffer.  When the worlds collide, Earth will be more heavily hit with casualties than Gaia, if it survives at all.  If we don't stop this now, or at least slow it down, the results will bring new meaning to the word 'cataclysm'."
"And this cataclysm of which you speak.  When will it happen?"
"No one knows."
"Not in my generation, right? Nor in that of my children, or my children's children."
"Probably not, no."
"Then why should this bother me?  I'll be long dead and forgotten.  But I will have lived large while I was here."
"I'm not changing my speech. Goren and his Inner Clerisy are going down." Palmer's words about politics and the pace of change ring in my head, something about the actions of a single person winning the war. "If not today, then one day soon," I tell him, brazen. 
The gun practically glows in his hand. 
"If you shoot me, how long do you think it'll be before you're caught? Minutes? Seconds? Are you really willing to risk your life to turn a buck?"
"The question is, are you?  You may very well be willing to risk your own life, but what about Paulie? Are you willing to risk his life, too? 
"I've been given this." He holds up a phase resonance modulator, like the kind I wore in the armband the last time I went to Gaia. "I won't be arrested. If anything happens, I can be safe on our sister planet in the blink of an eye. And then what? Paulie will be injured or dead and you'll be left to pick up the pieces."
"You son-of-a-bitch. How dare you?"
	Schliemann inhales deeply. "I dare because I'm essentially invincible. Tends to make one feel one has power."
	"Three minutes, Professor McBride," the man on the microphone says.
	"Give him the thumbs up once more," Schliemann demands.
	I stand and give him the thumbs up. When I sit back down, it is so I can face Schliemann. I fully intend to finish our conversation, but he's gone.
I find Palmer backstage. "Josef’s here.  He's got a gun—"
"What? Are you okay?" he asks. He runs his hands up and down my arms.
I nod. Bastard just waltzes in, threatens me, threatens Palmer, threatens the world and then waltzes away as if nothing ever happened. "We should notify security," I tell him.

       

Josef and Loman at Symposium
They met in a dead-end corridor as far away from the auditorium as they could be without leaving the building. The gun was tucked into the back waistband of Josef's pants, as he had seen it done so many times in the media. It felt heavy and cold against the small of his back.  He prayed his jacket would cover its bulk. 
Loman Praetner was waiting for him when he arrived in the corridor. Josef's heart beat loudly in his chest and temples and he found it hard to catch his breath. What he had done—what he had just done—to hold another human being at gunpoint like that, was unconscionable, not to mention illegal.
"It is done?" Praetner asked.
"No," Josef practically spat. "Nothing is done."
"You were supposed to convince her to back down, to tame her oration."
"I reasoned with her. I tried to frighten her into submission." He stopped short of admitting he had unwittingly confessed to her instead. He had gone there to prevent her from exposing the company but had wound up doing exactly what he had set out to stop. "Nothing was accomplished."
Praetner was visibly shaken. "This will not bode well with Goren."
Though he had never met Goren Prefect, he had heard both Molly and Praetner speak of him. "Tell me about it," Josef mumbled.
"Goren delegated the McBride problem to me. I, in turn, delegated it to you."
There was great wealth to be had in the discovery of a new world, so long as there was technology to share, and there was no shame to be had in helping yourself to a piece of the pie, either. Or so he had tried to tell Paulie's wife. If she weren't so damn set on saving the planet, she might've figured that out for herself. "I spoke to her. I asked her to reconsider. She declined."
"Molly McBride must not be allowed to speak of Goren or the Gaia Corporation or of any matter pertaining to Gaia during the course of Symposium."
"I'm sorry," Josef said, but he didn't feel sorry. He had shown her the gun, had cocked the bloody pistol. And what he'd said! He'd threatened that poor girl's life! And ol' Paulie's life as well. He hadn't meant to, he reasoned. He had nothing against them, other than they were poor, idealistic saps who actually thought they could do anything about the state of the world's ecology. 
This wasn't him. This wasn't the way his parents had raised him. He had been sent to the finest schools, given every opportunity, attended church each and every Sunday until puberty. His parents had taught him to respect the world and its citizens, each and every one, no matter the colour of their skin or social status. Sitting in that auditorium, bullying Molly like that, went against everything his parents had stood for, had shat on every hope and dream they'd ever had for him. And just like that, Josef was struck by a rare attack of conscience. "I'm so sorry," he said again, directed more to his parents in the heavens than the stranger standing before him.
"You are sorry?" Praetner said, raising his hands to his temples. "I am the one who must now break the news to Goren. If you have pity for anyone, pity me. Do not gorge on it yourself."
Reyes is detained
"I charge you to do whatever is necessary to ensure Molly McBride does not deliver her Symposium oration."
Reyes took a moment to respond. "What do you mean, 'whatever is necessary'?"
"I have it on good authority the McBride woman intends to expose our business on Earth at Symposium," Goren said. "She must be stopped. By whatever means necessary—"
"Barring termination of her life."
"Whatever needs be done, Reyes, must be done. For the good of the Gaia Corporation. For the good of the planet—"
"Barring unnecessary and unlawful death," he repeated. "Goren! Surely you do not condone—"
Goren placed a small, metal box on the edge of his work table, in front of where Reyes sat. 
"What is this?" Reyes asked.
"Open it."
Inside was a silver hypodermic inoculation device about the thickness of his thumb. Reyes resisted the urge to cringe. He hated inoculations from the time he was a child, had nightmares of the tip going in too far and scraping bone. "What is this?" he asked again.
"An implantation device," Goren said. 
 "An implantation device? Implantation of what?"
"Phase correction modulators."
"Phase correction modulators?" 
Goren nodded. He grinned as if pleased with himself.
"So small." Reyes picked up the device and examined it. "I was unaware such technology existed," he said.
"It does. It has, in point of fact, for many kalend cycles now.
"Your father was one of the first to receive such an implant, did you know that? Repeated exposure to experimental terraforming backwash followed by years in the Phase Resonance Project caused minor instability in the pitch of his phase. He commissioned a tinkerer to fashion the very device you now hold in your hand, based on a plan of his own devise. A wise man your father was, may he be remembered fondly.
"And so now, I bestow the honour of this device on you, not as a keepsake of your father's genius, but to painlessly, and humanely carry out the task as you are charged."  
Reyes turned the device over in his hands as he pondered Goren's last request. For several kalends now, he'd led a duplicitous life. On the one hand, he watched over Molly McBride, emissary through happenstance and Honorary Prefect, mostly from afar. The times they met were magical, a time to converse with a sibling from another planet, to learn of a culture so similar, yet so far removed from his own, the likes of which never occurred in most people's lifetimes. On the other hand, there was Goren, First Prefect of Theran Prefecture, self-proclaimed First Prefect of the mass, if not the world. They had bullied her into setting up their symposium on Earth. Though Reyes had always told Molly the truth, he was complicit in the lies Goren told her until he himself had learned of the truth and then he was angered. 
"You ask me to abduct her. Hold her here, on Gaia, against her will."
Goren nodded, deeply.
"And what of after Earth Symposium? What happens to me, to us, when she is released? She is not like Prescott. She has a family. Parents. A husband who holds her dear."
"You assume she will be released back to the planet of her origin."
Reyes glared at Goren, disbelieving his ears.
"The implant must go here," he said, pointing to a spot on the right side of his neck, midway between his jaw and the juncture at which his neck met his shoulders, "either side, so as to compromise the venous material in the neck upon attempt at removal. This way, the implantation will be permanent.
"Once she is on Gaia, she will be detained until Earth Symposium has been completed."
"She will speak once she is released from detention—"
"Really, boy, you try my patience. If I did not know better I might begin to question your allegiance."
"But if she speaks?"
"If she speaks and will not listen to reason once she is released from detention, the matter will be dealt with then."
"You would terminate her life?"
"Really, Reyes, what is at issue here? We speak of the life of a single Earther versus the lives of all of Gaian civilization. Whatever needs be done, must be done, however distasteful."
Reyes stood abruptly. He tossed the implantation device at Goren which hit him square in the chest. It rolled down his torso into his lap where he stayed it with his hand. Not once did Goren flinch. "I will not be party to assassination," Reyes said.
"Assassination!" Goren shouted. "I never said word one about assassination. No, as I recall, Reyes, it was you who brought about that discussion."
"Only at your suggestion—"
"Yes, of course. But should any of this fall into the public purview at any time in the future that is what I shall say."
Reyes shook his head in disbelief. Never had he ever believed Goren would stoop so low as to blame the transgressions of the Inner Clerisy Circle (if such an organization did, indeed exist) on him. "That is dishonest," Reyes sputtered as he tried to find the right words, "it is...it is...treachery—"
"Maybe so, maybe so," Goren said as he stood. He placed the implantation device back into its box with ceremony and then neared Reyes. "Listen, Reyes, Second Prefect of Theran Prefecture," he placed an arm on his shoulder (Reyes shrugged to coax the arm free, to no avail), "what is the point of being Second Prefect if not to rise to the title of First?" Goren winked at him and smiled in a feeble attempt at ingratiation. "Do this," he materialized the box, seemingly from nowhere, and pressed it into Reyes's midsection. His hands came up to support the weight of it through reflex only. "Do this and I will see to it you will reap the rewards of First Prefect in a timely manner, refuse, and I will see you banished. Banished from study, banished from the Prefecture, and if I can manage it, banished from all of Selene."
There it was, the lifetimes of all once and future Reyes Prefects, negated in a single threat by a man with misbegotten power.   Ultimately the decision belonged to this Reyes Prefect and this Reyes Prefect alone. Stand by Goren, do as he asked, compromise all that decency holds dear for the betterment of a small faction of men and hasten Cataclysm, or stand by Molly McBride and compromise his freedom and the livelihood of his birth line for the potential betterment of two planets. 
He could agree with Goren and take the device, yet neglect to use it. With her mate's help he might be able to cloister Molly McBride until the moment of her oration. Once Goren shifted to Earth, Reyes might shift back to Gaia and ready Motar's men to intercept Goren in his office once he returned. But what if the plan failed? What if Reyes returned to Gaia only to find Motar's men had been detained? Reyes reasoned he would then also find himself detained, but at least their agenda would be heard.
But what if Goren's people expected to see Molly McBride on Gaia? The deception that he had used the implantation device would be simple enough. He would merely supply Molly McBride with a separate modulator, which she would use until Goren was satisfied Reyes had remained loyal. Once Goren had shifted to Earth, so too would he, with Molly McBride, and once more, emerge at least semi-victorious.
The matter was settled. 
"I have made my decision," Reyes told Goren. "I will take the device. I will use it to implant Molly McBride and detain her on Gaia for the duration of Symposium, after which, you will abdicate your position as First Prefect as per our agreement. I will assume responsibility for Molly McBride until such point in time as she is able to return to Earth."
There were three short raps at Goren's closed chambers door. "Enter," Goren called. Three men wearing ecru Enforcers' uniforms filled the newly opened doorway.
Reyes's heart brimmed with fear. "I do not understand, Goren," he said. "What is happening? I agreed to carry out your task for you. Is this really necessary?"
"You hesitated, Reyes," Goren said, calmly. "Hesitation is a sign of indecision. I had hoped, as Earth Symposium drew near, you would begin to see the merit in what my cohort is trying to achieve." He began to grandstand somewhat at this point. "And now here we are, mere hours from the event. What I asked you to do was not simply 'my task', but an act of solidarity. Had you accepted the device and said, 'Yes, Goren Prefect,' it would not have come to this."
"Call off the Enforcers, Goren," Reyes said, trying not to beg. If he could maintain his freedom, be allowed to travel once more to the sister planet, his plan would work. Molly McBride would appear detained and Goren and his Inner Clerisy Circle would be thwarted in the end. "I will detain Molly McBride for you, I have already said as much."
"I am sorry, Reyes Prefect," Goren said. His voice actually sounded remorseful. "Your father was a righteous man, may he be remembered fondly. It is a shame his son's actions have brought me to this."
To the Enforcers, Goren said, "Detain him."
"No!" Reyes said, shaking his head. He could not be put in detention, not now. Molly McBride relied upon him for support on this world. His job was to rally Motar and his men, to put them in place in order to intercept Goren and his men when they returned from Symposium. If Reyes were detained, all would be lost and Cataclysm would rain down with the force of Zeus's thunderbolt. 
Two Enforcers secured him, each placing a hand under an armpit. Together they lifted Reyes out of his chair with the effort of a child flinging a rag doll across the room. "Goren," Reyes began in an attempt to reason his way out of the situation, "this is not necessary. I will do as you ask—"
"You cultivate Molly McBride to take her place as a member of your cohort. You pity all Earthers, paint them as innocent, when you should be damning them for their role in hastening Cataclysm. They are the enemies Reyes, not I."
The Enforcers took two steps toward the door. Reyes struggled against their grasp. "I see that now, Goren, really, I do."
"I am sorry, Reyes. It is too late."
He shooed his hand at the Enforcers who carried Reyes out of the room.
The Banishment
Loman Praetner was on the guest list for Earth Symposium, special guest of none other than Goren, himself. As a result, he had free license to roam the venue at will. At present, he felt his presence warranted backstage in the auditorium where the McBride woman was doing a sound check, counting forward and back, repeating "test one, test two," and so forth ad nauseam.  
His task was loathsome to be sure, but there was no other choice, thanks to that accursed Josef Schliemann. There was a saying on Earth with parallels on Gaia: 'If you want a job done right, do it yourself'. He should have taken it upon himself to persuade the McBride woman to alter her oration. Either that or detain her himself. But as CEO of the Gaia Corporation, he had subscribed to another Earther motto: 'A good manager knows how to delegate'. And so delegate he had, albeit to the wrong person, and now he was left to clean up the mess on his own accord.
The backstage was a hub of activity. People ran forth and back as if the area were a portal or conduit between sections of the building. In one corner, a man and a woman spoke. The man was McBride's mate, one Dr. Palmer Richardson. He’d recognized him from the photograph Schliemann had shown him. The woman wore the conference centre's staff blazer. She and Richardson were reviewing papers she had on her clipboard, their backs to the drawn curtains which separated the stage and backstage areas. 
Momentarily the McBride woman came through the curtains. Having sighted her husband, she made her way to the refreshment table at the back corner of the stage, conveniently located at the opposite corner to where her husband was standing.
Loman approached her. "Hello, Ms. McBride," he said with slippery precision. "Or do you prefer 'Professor'?"
"Mr. Praetner," she said, quite taken aback by his presence. 
"It is so hard to tell with Earth women. Now on Gaia, it is much simpler, a woman is either a daughter or a mate, less ambiguous as far as nomenclature goes, do you not think?" 
"What are you doing here?" She took a step away from him, toward centre stage.
"You know what I am doing here," he said. "Dr. Schliemann's agenda has yet to be mitigated. Someone must finish the task."
"What task is that?" The McBride woman took another step toward centre stage. Loman wondered why she had not as of yet cried out to her mate. Perhaps she feared retribution might be visited upon him in her stead?
"Why, to get you to change the oration you plan to make later today. Or prevent it entirely."
"Like I told Josef: that's not going to happen." She took another step back, butting up against a structure obscured by the velveteen stage draping.  
Sensing an opportunity, Loman stepped toward her and did what needed to be done. He grabbed her by the flesh of the bicep and pulled her to him. He'd intended to draw her near, hold her back to his body, reach over with the implant device he'd secreted into his suit pocket, and inoculate her with the tiny modulator, on her neck, just below the jugular vein.
As he advanced on her, she tensed. When he grabbed her, she started. He let his hand slide from her bicep to her wrist, but as he tried to spin her so her back was to him, she pushed.
Loman had a fraction of a second in which to act. Left hand still locked on her right wrist, he withdrew the implant and proceeded with the device, injecting the modulator into her right bicep.
With a barely perceptible gust of air, Molly McBride vanished.
Loman breathed a heavy sigh. Mission accomplished. Earth Symposium could continue unfettered by the McBride woman's remarks. The Gaia Corporation would be introduced to the world today, but as an institution devoted to bettering the Earth as well as the lives of her insignificant charges. GaiaCorp stocks would go up and Loman would reap the benefits as a result. Without the McBride woman there would be no accusations foisted upon Schliemann and he would be allowed to remain on Earth as the official Gaian scribe, generating pulp for the publicity mill.
Gaia and her existence would be protected and her people would prevail.
Goren will be pleased.
Back on Gaia
First Joey threatens me. Next Praetner shows up, grabs me, I can't breathe, and darkness begins to close around my head. My lips form Palmer's name, but without breath I can't vocalize it beyond a dry whisper. At last, the air clears. I suck it in greedily and prepare to call Palmer once more, but then I realize the atmosphere itself is different. 
Backstage at the conference centre, we were breathing artificially chilled air, the lighting was muted, walls seemingly upholstered in deep mulberry, so dark they were almost black.
Now, the temperature is ambient. The room is white and devoid of furniture save a simple wooden, shaker-style table and two wooden chairs, upon one of which sits Reyes Prefect.
"Molly McBride," he says, startled and he almost leaps out of his seat.
"Son-of-a-bitch!" I say when I clue in to where I am. "What is this place?" I ask of the stark room. 
"You are on Gaia," he tells me.
"I know that—where on Gaia? What is this room?"
"Theran Prefecture," he continues, "Detention Room Nine."
"Detention Room?"
"Yes." He sighs and sits down again. "I am afraid we have been detained."
"We've been...?"
"Yes."
"But how?" I ask, but I think I already know. I examine the cauterized crescent-shaped scar on my right arm, the source of a newly persistent ache. "Son-of a-bitch!" I say again, loudly.
"The detainees in Detention Room Nine will separate and cease conversation," says a forceful voice over a loudspeaker in the ceiling. In the corner behind me stands Avatar exhibiting no real physical presence and making no sound, not even breathing noises.
Reyes jumps up, grabs my arm at the elbow and secrets me to the edge of the room, kitty-corner to Avatar, as if the lack of proximity might prevent him from hearing our conversation. "The crescent-moon," he says, surprised. "The scar. It is just like my father's."
"It's an implant, Reyes," I tell him. "Son of a bitch Praetner implanted me." 
"What is 'an implant'?"
"A sub-coetaneous phase modulator."
"Of course," Reyes whispers in sudden realization. He continues more or less to himself, "So much experimentation with terraforming and then with phase modulation. It stands to reason he would be affected before long. Brilliant! 
"And so this implant—my father—he needed one to help keep him from drifting off?"
"Probably," I mutter. I'm not in the mood to talk now. I need to figure a way out of here, to get back to Earth and warn Palmer, to see Symposium through. 
"And now you have got one too."
"The detainees in Detention Room Nine will separate and cease conversation," says Avatar. His lips move as he speaks though the voice emanates from the centre of the room at a point just beyond the projection.
Reyes takes off his shoe—really more of a sandal—more like a leather thong—and throws it at him. Avatar shimmers, but stays put. "Data stream, interrupted," says a familiar, female voice from the same point of origin as Avatar's. The shoe bounces off the wall behind Avatar stopping short of passing through him on the rebound. "We are being monitored, Molly McBride," he states the obvious.   
Reyes pauses and then asks, "How did you receive this...implant?"
Praetner. It had to have been. I tell this to Reyes. "I've got to get it out," I say, "I have to get back to Earth. I have to warn Palmer, and notify the police."
 Reyes nods once, deeply. "I have recently discovered this Loman Prefect of which you speak, your Praetner, has been in contact with a man, someone in whom you have misplaced your trust. This man—"
"Schliemann."
"Yes, this Schliemann has been keeping Loman apprised of your intention to reveal the Gaia Corporation's true intention on Earth. Loman, in turn, has been keeping Goren apprised of the same information. It was a job I believe Goren had first intended for me, but then he grew distrustful of me when I reported your agenda for Earth Symposium was in line with our own." 
"The detainees in Detention Room Nine will separate and cease conversation," says Avatar again. Reyes takes off his other shoe and throws it, too, at Avatar.
"Data stream, interrupted," says the female voice. Avatar shimmers but remains as 'solid' as ever. 
Reyes continues in a softer tone, "At last, this man, this...Schliemann, told Loman of our true intention for Symposium, as well as of my duplicity and he detained me. I have been here ever since."
"How long is that?"
"I am unsure. Nearing the end of the second cycle of Sol, I believe."
 "Two days? Here? In this room?"
"I am taken to sleeping quarters in the evening and brought to this room during waking hours."
"To do what?"
"To be questioned. Periodically. By Goren or another member of his cohort."
I think for a moment and then say, "We have to get out of here. We can't stay and let Goren take over Symposium. I've been through too much to get to this day to let him do that."
"Impossible," Reyes tells me. "Detention rooms are designed to keep the offenders in. This is the reason for Avatar. Once the threshold has been breeched, the Enforcers are not long in their arrival."
"How long? After Avatar sounds the alarm. How long before the Enforcers arrive?"
"Minutes. Maybe three, perhaps four. Possibly less if they happen to be closer once they have been notified."
The scar on my arm burns. Damn modulator. I have to get it out. The exact logistics of how I might go about doing this have not been lost on me. There are no staples or stitches I can remove to withdraw the device. I have come to understand, with sick realization that it has to be cut out. 	
The question is, with what? 
I've been studying the room during our conversation and there is nothing I can see that might serve as a weapon, let alone a scalpel, except maybe the water pitcher and drinking glasses on the wooden table. One thing that's nice about glass is the way it fractures, if it's not tempered, that is. Because of this, it may be knapped, like flint, producing an excellent sharp edge. Bless the First Nations for figuring this out; thank God the Gaians never developed a formula for plastic. 
"If we have only a few minutes, we'll have to work quickly, then," I tell Reyes.	
"The detainees in Detention Room Nine will separate and cease conversation, or the Enforcers will be notified," says Avatar.
"Whatever happens, you have to make sure I get the modulator out," I say.
Large rivulets of condensation slide down the exterior of the pitcher making a puddle on the platter. Two drinking glasses are poised at opposite ends of the platter. Without warning, I grab the pitcher and hurl it at Avatar. It passes through him and shatters against the wall behind him. Small shards of glass rebound half-way across the room. 
"Data stream...terminated," says the female voice and Avatar shimmers out of existence. 
Three minutes, Reyes had said of our time, maybe four. "Find the base of the pitcher," I tell Reyes. He tiptoes through the glass in bare feet. Before I can stop him, he calls me and I turn. 
"God, Reyes, your feet!" 
He goes pale when he sees the bloody footprints marking his movement about the room. "Do not worry about my feet. They will heal. They are unimportant at this juncture in time." He hands me the base of the pitcher. "Of utmost importance is that you find your way back to Earth."
I take the glass from him, wrap the bottom of my blouse around the edge of the shard so I can hold it, bring the other end to my arm and press hard. The glass bites into my skin. It takes a moment or two to for the air to penetrate the wound. When it does, the pain is searing, bright white, and hot. 
I apply pressure to the shard until it hits something hard and then I pull it across and through the muscle of my bicep. Large rivulets of cherry-red blood slide down my arm to my finger making a tacky puddle on the floor. At last it hits me, the weight of what I've just done—or maybe it's the loss of blood—and I swoon. 
I am distantly aware of Reyes helping me to the nearest chair. Dark circles kaleidoscope before my eyes, nausea tickles the base of my brain and I know I have only precious seconds of consciousness left in me.
"You have to finish this," I whisper to Reyes. "Take out the modulator."
"Are you alright, Molly McBride?" he asks.
"I'm fine," I say. "Just get it out. Don't worry about me." 
Reyes winces. 
"You have to do this, Reyes. You have to take it out." Suddenly, the pain which had dulled skyrockets and I realize his finger is in the wound and he’s trying to leverage the modulator out.
"I cannot grasp it."
"Open it some more. Cut it out." I hand him the glass and tell him to use the hem of his gown to protect his hand.
Pain flares once more, just this side of tolerance. I close my eyes and hold my breath until the wave subsides.
"Molly?" he asks.
I open my eyes half convinced that when I do, I'll see Palmer. Instead, Reyes glares at me through horrified eyes. How much time has passed? How much longer before the Enforcers arrive? Minutes? Seconds? The air grows thin and the silver and black kaleidoscope begins spinning anew.
"Take it out," I manage in a thin voice. Once more the pain intensifies. My ears begin to ring, the atmosphere grows ethereal and the lighting changes. 
Palmer and Joey
Palmer Richardson looked out over the auditorium once more. Molly was nowhere in sight. Worry set in. 
Joey was handcuffed to the aisle seat in the first row of the theatre, had been since Palmer and Molly had notified security that he was carrying a weapon. They searched him and had found nothing.
After another search of the backstage area and yet another customer unavailable drone when he dialed Molly's cell, the anxiety began to build. Convenient for her to disappear the moment Joey was arrested. Without her to tell her story, he won't be charged. 
Wait a second. What was he saying? He didn’t really believe Josef Schliemann had a lethal bone in his body, did he? True he was a media whore. True he was full of hot air. True he was pompous. But was he homicidal? As badly as Palmer believed Joey wanted the fame, he couldn’t believe he'd stoop so low as to harm another person—at least, not physically—to achieve it. Palmer found it hard to believe he'd know where to get a gun, let alone use it.
And yet...
And yet Molly—whom he loved deeply and trusted implicitly—said Joey’d had one, said he'd held it on her, said he'd threatened to use it on him if she didn't comply and pull out of Symposium.
He found the theatre chairs comfortable enough, if not a little too close to the ground, and he settled into the one next to Joey, but said nothing. He didn’t have to wait long before Joey began to speak, seemingly prepared to do most of the talking.
"You're probably really pissed at me now," he said.
Palmer leaned forward in his chair and looked at his hands clasped on his lap as a response.
"I think Molly's a great kid, really I do, but she's got to learn to look at the bigger picture."
Joey paused as if to let Palmer add to the conversation. When he didn’t, Joey  continued.
"The issue we're dealing with here is far greater than either you or I or the sum of us put together. We're talking global scale here, Paulie."
Arrogant little shit, Palmer thought. He’d heard enough. "I'm going to ask you this once and only once,” Palmer said, “and you're going to answer me truthfully, as if your life depended on it, because, so help me, if anything's happened to Molly I'm holding you fully responsible." To Palmer, Molly was more than 'a great kid'. She was his life. As far as Palmer Richardson was concerned, his life began the day Molly agreed to be his wife. And though he knew  how melodramatic it sounded, he nevertheless believed that if Molly were gone, he didn’t think he could recover.
"Where's Molly, Joey? What's happened to her?"
"Something's happened to Molly?"
Palmer resisted the urge to rip him out of his seat and strangle him within a breath of his life, but barely so. "Cut the crap, Joey. You threatened my wife; I'm not in a very good mood." That was one hell of an understatement, if ever there was one.
"Yes, and for that, I am deeply, deeply sorry."
Palmer tried to sublimate his anger by taking a deep breath. It didn’t work.
"What's happened to Molly?" Joey asked, innocently enough.
"I already told you I'm not in the mood, Joey. Don't pretend you don't know what's going on."
"What you say is true. I threatened her, okay? I'm not proud of it, but I did. I left her at the back of the theatre and went to ditch the gun. When I returned to the auditorium they arrested me. I've been chained here," he said, raising his hands, jangling the cuffs, "like a dog to a tree ever since."
"I'm going to ask you one more time and you need to think about your answer and make sure it is the truth before you say it. Where...is...Molly?"
"I swear to you, Paulie, on my soul—I don't know."
That was enough for him. Palmer was done wasting time with the guy. In fact, he was done with Josef Schliemann for good. He stood and said, "If I find out you're lying, so help me, Joey—"
"Wait," Joey said, his face brightening, "there is one thing. Loman Praetner. He put me up to all this—"
"What do you mean, 'put you up to it'?"
"He promised me things—money, book permissions—if I could get Molly to drop out of Symposium."
"You could have refused."
"Absolutely right. I could have, and I didn't. I have to live with that transgression for the rest of my life. But you might want to check with Praetner. He was adamant Molly not participate in today's Symposium. She's planning on outing the Gaia Corporation. A lot of people on the other side are pissed off at her because of it."
Palmer walked away. Joey, he firmly believed, was instrumental in the organization of the entire debacle. He didn’t  deserve his thanks.

Backstage Palmer found Praetner quite by accident, huddled over a clipboard in the corner. Palmer advanced on him, attempting to formulate his game plan as he went, but nothing came to him until he reached the weasel. He batted the clipboard out of Praetner’s grasp and stepped toward him. Praetner backed himself against the wall trying to avoid him. Before Palmer knew what was happening, he had Praetner pinned against the wall, his forearm planted firmly against his neck.  Palmer leaned on the wall behind Praetner to steady himself in order to control the amount of pressure he placed against his larynx. Praetner struggled to free himself, even slapped a little at the arm threatening to cut off his air supply, but after a few seconds, he acquiesced and went almost limp against Palmer’s restraint. 
The men were unevenly matched. Praetner reminded Palmer of a mole, with his round glasses, teeny eyes, and sallow skin. In the mood Palmer was in, he felt more like a hunting dog with rabies. There was a faint moment in which Palmer was able to evaluate his situation. Palmer Richardson was not a violent man. He’d never laid hands on another person this way before in his life. But desperate times called for desperate measures. Molly was missing and Palmer would bet dollars to doughnuts Praetner knew where she was. 
"What..." Praetner said, struggling to catch some air, "what do you want?"
"My wife. Molly McBride. You know her."
"I don't—"
"Don't lie to me!" He emphasized the word 'don't' by slamming his hand against the wall, centimetres from Praetner’s head. Praetner jumped as if he'd been tasered.
"I'm only going to ask you one more time: where is my wife?"
There was a gust of wind, a thud, and a gasp from behind them. Palmer chanced a look and saw a woman huddled over someone lying on the floor.
"Is she breathing?" someone asked.
"Call 9-1-1," someone shouted.
A sinking feeling began to form in the pit of Palmer’s belly. He released Praetner and rushed to the person on the floor. Sure enough, it was Molly, stage left, just in front of the wings. Her eyes were closed.
"My God! Molly!" Palmer said, and he dropped to his knees at her side. Aware she might have a concussion and shouldn't be moved, he resisted the impulse to take her in his arms, and stroked her hair out of her face where she lay instead.
"She wasn't there, and the next minute, there she was," Palmer heard someone say.
Molly groaned and opened her eyes.
"Hey there," Palmer said, trying to remain calm. He managed a smile. Though he was relieved she was there and she was alive, the amount of blood on her clothes was troublesome nevertheless. "You had me worried." He scanned her body to find the source of blood. It seemed to be everywhere. 
Molly returned the smile and closed her eyes.
"Can you sit up?" It took a bit of doing, but slowly, with Palmer’s help, she half-sat, propped up on one elbow.
"Where are you hurt?"
"My arm." Her voice was hoarse, barely a whisper.
Her bicep looked as if it had been mauled by a dog. "Call 9-1-1," Palmer called into the crowd. "Has anyone called 9-1-1?"
One of the centre's staff, a young man, put a hand on Palmer’s shoulder. "They're on their way, sir." He assured him by squeezing his shoulder.
"What happened, Moll? Who did this?"
"Praetner. It was Praetner." She licked her lips and tried to sit up further.
"Don't move, Moll. Help is on the way." Someone handed him a bottle of spring water which he open and offered to Molly who shook her head.
"It's contraband," she said.
How could he have forgotten—no bottled water was one of Molly's Green Rules for Symposium. "Will you just take a drink?" He said. He supported her head and tilted the bottle so she got the water in a slow trickle. 
A commotion ensued behind them as security took Praetner into custody. He eventually wound up cuffed to the row of seats behind Schliemann in the auditorium until the police arrived.
"Better hide that before the guests arrive." Molly said of the water bottle.
 The paramedics arrived and gave her the once over. They taped gauze around the wound. "It'll have to be stitched," he told Palmer. "We have to take her to hospital to do it—" 
"I can't go. My speech!" Molly said.
Palmer squeezed her hand and glanced hopefully at the paramedic.
"We'll see to it you get the V.I.P. treatment. In and out, quick as humanly possible." 
Temporarily placated, Molly nodded.  
"When was her last tetanus?" the paramedic asked Palmer. 
Since archaeologists root around in century old garbage, including discarded rusted nails and a variety of other potentially hazardous materials, as a rule, archaeologists regularly update their tetanus shots. Unable to remember the date of either his wife’s or his own last tetanus shot, Palmer shook his head.
"A few years ago," Molly whispered. "Two, maybe three."
"That's fine, ma'am," the paramedic said, turning his attention to her. "Can you sit up, ma'am?" 
She started to move. The paramedic got behind her and supported her from behind. He motioned to his partner who wheeled over a gurney. "Help me now," he said to Molly, or maybe to his partner, but together, the three of them got her up off the floor and onto the gurney.
"I'm coming with you, Moll," Palmer told her.
"No," she said as the paramedics buckled her to the stretcher for the trip. "Speech too important. If I'm not back in time, you do."
"My place is with you at the hospital, Moll."
"Promise me, Palmer." She grappled for his hand and then squeezed. "You'll do the speech. Promise me."
Palmer kissed the knuckles of her hand, ignoring the dried blood there. "I promise," he said, reluctantly.

After Saving the Worlds Symposium
The rest of the day played out as would be expected after that. The EMS team brought me to a very busy emergency room and if they had told someone I was a rush job, no one was listening. Every tick of the clock seemed like an eternity. I moved around the assigned examination room, alternately pacing the crowded corridor, unable to relax knowing Symposium, my baby, the one event which had consumed virtually every aspect of my life for the past three months, was happening in my absence. The fact that Palmer was just as capable as I of pulling it off was lost on me.
At last the doctor came, froze my arm, cleaned the wound, and stitched me up. It's healed rather nicely, slightly lighter than my normal colouring, in the shape of an ankh, the ancient Egyptian hieroglyph for life. It looks like a tattoo from a distance and consequently ups my cool-factor with the students.
I was released into the starting thralls of rush hour, hailed a cab and chewed at my cuticles all the way back to the conference centre. I entered the theatre as Palmer was stammering the opening remarks of my speech. He stopped, cold, when he saw me, and glared, a look of sheer adoration beaming at me, the likes of which I haven't seen since I walked down the aisle at our wedding. Taking Palmer's cue, everyone turned around and the hall filled with surprised and horrified gasps. I must have looked a sight, like a survivor crawling from beneath a train wreckage. My blouse was torn, dried blood forming copper blooms over most of the fabric.
When Palmer's smile could grow no larger, I moved toward the stage. He met me at the stairs and hugged me tightly. People began to applaud. Over the din, I heard Palmer ask if I was okay. I nodded. 
He wanted to know if I was able to do my speech. I assured him I was. He kissed me on the forehead and I took my place behind the dais.

Josef and Praetner were taken to a room in the convention centre for questioning before the guests arrived. When Goren finally showed up, he and his entourage were detained and put in the same room as the others. By the time the police had gotten around to questioning them, everyone had disappeared but Josef. A search of the building proved fruitless. Unable to figure out how a half-dozen, handcuffed men were able to vanish from a locked room, the policemen shrugged their shoulders and scratched their heads and pinned Josef as the mastermind. But in the absence of a gun and my absolute affirmation it was Praetner responsible for my injuries, the police couldn't charge Josef and he was soon set free.
Having escaped from custody on Earth, Goren, Praetner, et al arrived on Gaia to a cadre of Enforcers instructed to detain them until they could be interviewed. Motar Prefect's old friend, Malaron Tinker was contacted and offered absolution for his part in the debacle should he agree to manufacture additional phase shift modulator implants, one for each member of Goren's Inner Clerisy Circle in order to secure them to Gaia and end their phase shifting proclivities for good. According to Reyes, it took some restraining, but eventually, all were implanted, including Goren and Praetner. Convinced they were no longer a threat to Earth, all were released save Praetner, whose body could not resolve the fact it had two conflicting modulators within it. Loman Praetner, a.k.a. Loman Prefect, was buried the next day with little fanfare.
Goren was stripped of his First Prefect title and banished from the Prefecture to the Infrastructure sector. Reyes lost track of him shortly thereafter and could no longer report on what happened to him.
The media reported GaiaCorp Company CEO Loman Praetner had abandoned the company and had most likely left the country taking with him much of the company's finances. A government auditor came in and the province wound up appropriating the company and buying out its shareholders. Beyond that, all the public knew was that GaiaCorp was involved in developing cheap modes of greener power, such as solar and wind. The government announced it would continue GaiaCorp's research and development, and shortly share the fruits of their labour with the public. 
We followed up with the politicians as promised. The Americans failed to commit to paper anything with definite timelines or specific reductions. Some pledged to increase funding for research into cleaner-burning fuel and vehicles, while others agreed to look into renewable power sources. Ontario dipped its toes in the water but stopped short of taking a full-body plunge. The government pledged to shut down its coal power plants within four years and build more nuclear plants to compensate. How could they not understand that nuclear anything is an accident waiting to happen? Slowly it began to offer rebates for more efficient vehicles and houses, but not enough to make the conversion sexy enough to entice the bulk of the general populace. The city mandated the switch to fluorescent bulbs, limited our trash, and insisted each home compost and recycle its waste. The fact Ontario and other governments were only willing to put forth Band-Aid solutions was infuriating. 
Life pretty much returned to normal for Palmer and me except I now lived the life of a minor celebrity in and around the university community. Films of my lectures, especially if there were even the slightest reference to Gaia, began to appear on the Internet. In fact, a whole Gaian sub-culture began to form online, from videos of people, reputedly from Gaia, vanishing into thin air (some of them actually looked real), to strange objects hawked on E-Bay.
My lectures were overcrowded at best to the detriment of registered students. Palmer was forced to hire extra security as a result. Their orders were that no one be allowed entrance without a valid timetable and student card. To say Palmer wasn't happy at the wrinkle this put in his budget would be an understatement.
One day, shortly after security had been hired, during a full-house lecture, I noticed a registered student standing at the back of the class which pissed me off to no end. There should be empty seats in each of my classes, in fact, there should be quite a few of them. I stopped my lecture cold, cleared my throat and said, "This lecture is a closed proceeding.  If you are not registered, please leave."
No one moved. A flash of light was my only response.
"I didn't give my permission to be photographed," I said.
A man suddenly stood up, almost dead centre of the lecture hall and said, quite loudly, "Ms. McBride, is it true you hired a homeless man to play the part of Reyes Prefect?"
Outraged, first at the intrusion, next at the interruption and lastly by the sheer gall of what he was implying, I couldn't find the words to retaliate.
"Ms. McBride?" He paused and I glared at him. "Ms. McBride, is it true this whole Gaia thing was a hoax perpetrated to drum up enrollment in your department and make your husband look good?"
"That, sir, is a sexist remark," I tell him, finding my voice. "I assure you, if I were to have gone to such trouble to perpetuate a hoax of this magnitude it would be to make myself look good." There was some laughter which broke the silence in the auditorium. I had regained the upper-hand in the attack which made me feel confident, strong.
"Ms. McBride, how—"
"I'm sorry, but you must leave now. All of you. If you aren't registered, please leave before security arrives." A few stood and made their way out of the auditorium as I called for security on the campus phone.
By the time security had arrived, enough people had filed out, the audience was once more peppered with empty seats and I had continued my lecture. 

Eventually, my fifteen minutes was up and we let the additional security go. I don't miss the flash bulbs going off as I try to eat my morning cereal or sneak out for the paper while wearing my pajamas. I like that when the phone rings, there's a better than average chance I'll know the person on the other end. Every once in a while I'll hear news stories about another greenhouse gas reducing initiative by our government or by another elsewhere in the world and I cluck my tongue and shake my head at the futility of it all. Why can't they see it's not enough in order to survive? In order for the human race to survive?
I often find myself looking out my office window, or sitting on the porch out back, wondering about Reyes, if he's still Mexus's lead First Prefect, or if, like Goren, he's already been deposed by the next leader. I hope Reyes's initiative—an outright ban on terraforming and deliberate phase shifting—will be enough to avert Cataclysm. I wonder if dramatic changes on one side are really enough to stave off the demise of both worlds. 
As for me? Most days I just sit around and wait—for the semester to end, for spring to arrive so we can begin this year's archaeological excavations, for the fall term when I enter the Doctoral program. But mostly, I wait for Cataclysm. Can you feel it? It's coming. Don't worry. At the rate we're going, it shouldn't be long now.

About the Author…
Elise Abram, English teacher and former archaeologist, has been writing for as long as she can remember, but it wasn’t until she was asked to teach Writer’s Craft in 2001 that she began to write seriously. Her first novel, THE GUARDIAN was partially published as a Twitter novel a few summers back (and may be accessed at @RKLOGYprof). Nearly ten years after its inception Abram decided it was time to stop shopping around with traditional publication houses and publish PHASE SHIFT on her own.
Abram has published several scholarly articles in archaeology journals and magazines. In 2010 she won first place the Newmarket/Aurora District’s Community Living Poetry Contest. She also successfully completed Nanowrimo 2012, with her young adult novel, THE REVENANT, which she hopes to publish by the end of 2013.
Other publications by Elise Abram to date include novellas THE MUMMY WORE COMBAT BOOTS and THROWAWAY CHILD, both featuring Molly McBride and Palmer Richardson. Both are available for download at kobobooks.com and amazon.com. Other samples of Abram’s writing are available on her website, http://www.eliseabram.com.


