













(1)Jake ‘X”
Multiverse Fugitive
Peter Magycon




















Copyright © by 2015 Peter Magycon
All rights reserved



Chapter 1
Category 312, Prison Visitor


Jake mutters in his sleep. His hands move and he fingers his oversized, pointed ears. He murmurs no! no!no! Then he is abruptly woken. He can hear a distant, continuous, loud pounding. Boom! Boom! Boom!
His sleep area in the Underground Prison Facility is pitch black. He can see very little. He can just make out the metallic form of robot FIDO, who stands next to Jake’s bunk. The golden robot is currently dormant, recharging. Otherwise, the prison is totally silent.
The noise continues. Boom! Boom! Boom!
The lights suddenly flash on. Jake sits up, now fully alert.
Prison Warder Computer CLEO speaks.
“Who can it be? 3 a.m. planet time. An unknown is pounding on the top entrance door to the Prison! Is it a crook attempting to break into the Prison and release the Prisoner? What should the Prison Computer Warder CLEO do? I cannot classify this except as Unknown Event 3 a.m! What is to be done?”
The noise continues. Boom! Boom! Boom!
Jake: “Give me my sword! Wake FIDO, give him his sword and open the top door and the bottom door! Let them in! We will deal with them!”
CLEO: “But, but, but.. you cannot be armed unless you are engaged in Physical Training, afternoons,2.30pm to 4pm. It is currently A.M. not P.M. You are The Prisoner! You must stay in bed!”
The pounding continues. If anything it is now louder.
CLEO: “Wait! I have resolved the problem! I can put out a camera. See how many attackers there are and what arms they carry!”
The TV screen flashes on. It shows an elf bashing his mailed fist on the top door.
“It is the Lord Alaric!” said CLEO. “I can classify this event! It is a Category 312, Prison Visitor . We must be ready to receive him immediately! Prisoner! Get dressed and prepare to meet a V.I.P from E Base! FIDO, wake up!”
The screen went blank. Jake could hear the top door opening. He immediately started dressing and thinking furiously:
An elf! An elf with ears like Jake’s own ears. Had his ears also been stitched on by alien kidnappers? Was this visitor also a prisoner? But why did he want to get into the jail? Or.. was he one of the aliens checking up on the human captive who had been generically engineered?
Shortly, Jake was fully dressed. He was now wearing his full prison uniform – brown doublet, matching one piece fitted pants, leather boots and an over suit of light amour which covered his shoulders.
He buckled on his sword Sting.
Then the lower metal door slid open and the elf stepped into the Prison.
He was wearing a green jerkin, green trousers and a green hat.
“Welcome Elf Lord Alaric!” said FIDO. The robot then turned and walked to his galley. The elf looked carefully at Jake before bowing deeply.
He said:” Prince Jake! What dreadful misfortune has befallen you?”
“What dreadful misfortune? Nothing other than being here!” said Jake.
The elf bowed again.
“Fear not, Your Royal Highness! Trusty elf Alaric has come to assist you to Return to your Realm!”
Jake closed his eyes and shook his head to make sure he was awake.
An elf had appeared! The elf was addressing him as Elf Prince Jake.
The elf bowed again and repeated: “Hail, Elf Prince Jake!!”
Eventually Jake managed to speak. The shock of events caused him to croak.
“I am not Elf Prince Jake. I am human being Jake! These ears are not my ears. I have been kidnapped!”
Instantly, a chime sounded and the voice of Prison Computer CLEO said: “Welcome Elf Lord Alaric. I am Computer Warder CLEO. The criminal in the bed is Prisoner 001, Jake “R”. He has a long but fair sentence imposed for his foul crimes! I will first report good news! Tomorrow, he will celebrate his birthday! He will be 177 years old!”
Jake stood facing the elf. They were both about the same height. Jake said: “I am not 177! I am actually 16! I should not be in prison! I have not committed any crime!”
CLEO was unruffled. The computer spoke again, her voice sounding from a hidden wall speaker: “Prisoner 001 Jake “R” will be 177 years old tomorrow, Lord Alaric! He is suffering memory loss caused by excessive guilt! I report that he has carried out studies using total immersion machines. He has passed an exam in Steam Engine Driving.”
Without pausing the computer rushed on.
“However! There is less welcome news! The prisoner has failed to master the practice of Driving an Automobile. He has crashed the simulated car 564 times! I have classified him as a mad, murderous hoon! His licence is suspended forever! He owes a very large sum in unpaid fines! I have recorded 877,234 demerit points! I have locked the simulated driver trainer!”
“CLEO is barmy! said Jake airily. “How can you get demerits unless you drive a real car!
He addressed the elf. “But who are you? What are you doing here?”
Alaric suddenly spoke, addressing Jake. “Your Royal Elfness! May we sit?”
They sat facing each other at Jake’s table.
The elf continued: “Your Royal Elfness…..”
Jake: “Royal elfness? I am not royal and I am definitely not an elf!”
Alaric: “You certainly are royal and you certainly are an elf! You are Prince Jake of E Base! My royal friend and patron, Protector of the Moons, Guardian of the Planets, Protector of the Outer Galaxy!”
He clenched his fist over his heart. “Heir Apparent to the Mighty Elvish Empire..”
Jake: “I am not the hairy apparel! I am definitely not an elf!”
“Hairy apparel is wrong!” said CLEO. “It should be heir apparent! Spell it!”
The computer added: “The prisoner is a total uneducated criminal!”
Jake: “No! I am not a criminal and I will not do any more spelling tests! I am not an elf! I have funny ears because I have been kidnapped by aliens and operated on by aliens! I am human! I have lost my memory! But I am not an elf! Test me!”
Alaric: “You are the victim of a devious, wicked plot carried out by a foul Pretender to the Throne!! Your memory has been very, very badly damaged. But you have made a royal request (which must be obeyed!) Therefore, I will test you. Remember this old saying:
“Red sky at night, Procon in sight , Red sky at morning..???”
“That is wrong!” said Jake! He recited:
“Red sky at night, shepherds delight,
Red sky at morning, shepherds warning!
He added: “It's about the weather!”
Alaric: “It is not about the weather! It is about the moons of your home planet! The second line is Green sky at morning, Blongon is dawning! It means that the moon Blongon is about to reappear from its fifty year orbit around the dwarf sun Pongo Three!! Warder CLEO! How has the Prince learned this outlandish version of Red sky at night?”
CLEO: “The Prisoner has learned it by watching TV! He watches TV on the adjacent planet Earth.”
Jake: “I did not learn it from TV! Everybody knows it! I am not an elf! I have never been on any planet other than Earth!”
“That is untrue,” said CLEO. “We all came here from E Base, on the Multiverse Express.”
The elf said: “Your Elfness! You arrived here from E Base on the Multiverse Express as a captive! You have been subject to an illegal medical operation in! And you have suffered total memory loss! CLEO! Who built this place and how did the prisoner arrive?”
CLEO:” We arrived through the Gateway . The prison was already here! Robot FIDO spotted the entrance, cunningly placed inside the trunk of a giant oak tree. The prisoner was unconscious after the journey. We entered via a shaft.. The prison was fully furnished with the usual complement of rooms. But it was wide open! Robot FIDO was obliged to ascend to the surface. He transferred to the other dimension. He secured a metal door from the house next door! He cut the door using his onboard laser torch. He transferred back to this dimension. He used the parts to seal three entrances to this prison! One entrance is located inside the oak tree at the surface, camouflaged via a layer of oak bark. A second entrance is located inside the oak tree trunk. There is a third locked entrance which secures the Final Escape Facility! It was brilliant improvisation under my guidance.”“
Jake: “You should be in jail, not me! You are a crook!”
To cool the atmosphere Alaric changed the subject.
“Prison Warder Computer CLEO! What is the Prince’s daily routine? What does he do with his time?”
CLEO: “In the morning, during his Leisure Period, the Prisoner train spots outside in the prison yard. The Prisoner thought he could escape by train! However, I took brilliant precautions. The area above my prison is surrounded by an electrified laser dome. He cannot escape! Trains cross near his spotting point. He has copped many namers and his ambition is to cop the lot! Robot FIDO has apparently also caught the train spotting bug and also wants to cop the lot! That means they both want to see all the named engines on the LNEAR.”
Alaric: “ LNEAR?”
CLEO: “The London, North Eastern and Australian railway. There is a busy branch above the prison.”
Alaric: “I noticed signals and a railway crossing but there was no railway marked on the Guide display?”
CLEO: “The railway is a brilliant C.G.H” (computer generated hologram.)
Alaric: “I see! What else does the Prince do?”
CLEO: “The Prisoner has a daily sword fighting session with FIDO. He is improving slowly. He has three meals a day and three mid meal snacks. The meals are cooked by robot FIDO guided by my Cordon Bleu cooking program. My cooking is fabulous! After dinner, the Prisoner is allowed to watch TV from the Earth dimension before bed.”
Alaric: “Thank you for your report. It is time to depart! We will use the Gateway near this this prison. Warder CLEO! Here is a new instruction. The Prince is to be discharged. Open the Exit doors!”
CLEO: “Discharged???? But. the Prisoner has not reformed! His crime was dreadful!”
“What did he do?” asked the elf.
CLEO: “He insulted a member of the Royal Family! Insultus Regis!”
“Sentenced by who?” asked the elf.
CLEO: “Sentenced by me, agent of Justice!”
Alaric: “I see. Agent of Justice reporting to ????”
There was a short pause. Then CLEO said: “Regent Ted!”
Alaric: “I see. Your sentence was approved by Regent Ted! Well, you can assume that the Prisoner is to be returned to E Base for a new trial! Open the door! We will depart!”
“But. but. I have not received new orders! And I contacted E Base today,” said CLEO.
Alaric said: “I am carrying the orders as a Royal Messenger! We must depart urgently and immediately.”



Chapter 2
But..


He stood up and Jake jumped to his feet. They face each other across the table. “Excuse me!” said Jake, “But you have it all wrong! Absolutely wrong! I am not elf Prince Jake. I am definitely not an elf! I am a human being who has been kidnapped by aliens!. I am not royal.”
The elf said: “Of course, Sire, I understand! You are confused! You were brought from E Base under duress! You brain has been wiped! But I have been your friend for many years and I recognized you immediately. You are resident in the place indicated by the broken E Base transit computer. It has been continuously printing :0260623Sumpy1½cotsingruzernebmazetofoldot!!
Jake said: “What does that mean?
Alaric: “The numbers are the co-ordinates of this site on the Multiverse Railway!”
Jake: “That must be on the railway upstairs. What do the words mean?”
Alaric: “The message may be a code which refers to a complex plot engineered by an arch enemy of the State!! The kidnapper! We must get back to E Base!”
CLEO: “Will a return involve a full retrial which will result in an increase in his sentence? And will he then be brought back suitably pinioned?”
Alaric (quickly): “Yes, yes, yes, of course!Brought back suitably pinioned! But once we return to E Base I must also hunt for the Princess who has vanished!”
CLEO(appalled) : “The Princess has vanished!!! ! What dire news!”
Alaric: “We must get back to E Base urgently! Prince Jake, would you be good enough to lead me?”
Suddenly Jake realized that going outside would reveal the railway and clobber the elf's mad claim about some kind of Gateway outside.
But he must move carefully. This elf might be doing some kind of test. He might even have been sent by the very aliens who had wiped Jake’s memory and installed alien ears. He might be one of them! What could their purpose be? There was no option but to wait and see.
The bottom exit door opened on a command from CLEO.
“Follow me,” Jake said courteously.
He led the elf through the door into a rough shaft leading upward. They climbed inside the trunk of an oak tree. The rock strewn tunnel was almost vertical and dripping wet. It was hard climbing. They climbed slowly and cautiously, often slipping. FIDO followed as they scrambled up a long series of earthen steps. They reached the top exit, faced by a second steel door.
They were inside a kind of cave which smelled of oak and mildew. Jake sniffed appreciatively. “A good aroma!” he said. “I always associate it with train spotting. This tree is my good friend, my door to at least part of the outside world.”
Then the top door slid open. Led by Jake, the party turned left and walked down a tunnel leading into a large reflective dome. Inside the dome, a pair of railway lines crossed a section of lawn, bisecting the grass. There was a lingering scent of smoke and steam. On one side, a signal stood silent, waiting for the next train. Jake’s stool stood a few meters from the railway. Jake sat down, picked up his spotting manuals and smirked. He said: “Here is my railway! It is a busy branch of the LNEAR. This is where I train spot every morning. I have spotted 652 namers and I intend to cop the lot! That means I will be the first person to spot and record every namer in my ABC.”
“And I will be the first robot to achieve the same incredible feat!” said robot FIDO. “I will be the first robot to spot every namer!”
Alaric: “CLEO! Turn off the invasive hologram!”
A rod topped by an eye shot up inside the railway track.
CLEO’s voice came from the rod.
CLEO: “No! I will not turn off the invasives! The prisoner will escape!”
Alaric: “He is in my charge. You are no longer in charge, computer! Turn off the hologram!”
There was a sudden pop! Both the dome and the railway vanished. They had a sudden view of houses on both sides. There was an open field to the rear. The only completely familiar object was the oak tree, which was now revealed to be standing in the space between two houses.
“Where is the railway?” Jake blurted. He stared in amazement at the empty lawn.
“Railway? There was no railway. It was an animated invasive hologram created by computer CLEO!” said the elf. “A fake railway designed to keep your Royal Highness entertained!”
“A fake!!!! It means my namers were all fakes! I have no real namers at all!” Jake exclaimed.
FIDO also seemed disturbed. The robot was shaking his metallic head in an erratic fashion.
Jake slumped on his stool. “ I will never cop the lot now!” he muttered brokenly.
Alaric looked angry. “CLEO! Why has the Prince become upset?”
CLEO’s voice spoke from the rod.: “Is there any wonder that the Prisoner is upset after such a shock! He was so proud! Proud of his spotting record! He hoped to become the first train spotter to cop the lot! It means he would be the first to spot all the namers listed in his ABC. He believed the railway was real! It was a masterpiece of artistry and holograpic brilliance! A masterpiece! But who appreciates it! Who?” There was an audible sob. The rod wobbled and the eye drooped.
Alaric seemed to consider this peculiar reaction as the eye gazed at him. “But I do appreciate your talents, CLEO,” said the elf finally. “Your work has been of the highest order. But where is the Gateway?
“Where is the Gateway station? It should be here..”
The eye appeared to recover and there was an audible pop.
A glowing sign suddenly appeared at the back of the lawn. The sign looked like an ornate golden gate made of illuminated glass. It seemed to be floating. It had a curious multi dimensional appearance and a shimmering, lustrous glow. There was almost inaudible music coming from the direction of the Gateway. What seemed to be a golden single rail track stretching on either side of the sign.
With Alaric leading, Jake and FIDO followed as they walked towards the Gateway. It seemed to waver uncertainly. The music faded to nothing.
Alaric spoke to the sign in a commanding voice: “.Gateway One! Open for Elf Prince Jake and Elf Lord Alaric!”
The shimmering vision trembled violently .
CLEO’s rod wobbled and then: “I did not anticipate that the Gateway would be used before an extended period of time had elapsed. The Gateway charge has been used to power my hologram and a force wall! This Gateway may be in a low charge state! It could even implode if stressed! In one week the Gateway will be recharged. I advise patience.”
The rod vanished.
The elf looked annoyed. “Patience ? All because the computer has exceeded her remit! Well, we only need a basic transition! It should be OK for that. I will use a Royal Command! Gateway ! Open for the Prince Jake and the Lord Alaric! Open! That is a Royal Command!”



Chapter 3
Boom! Bubbleized!


Once Alaric had spoken, the strange sign appeared to go beserk. There was a loud, percussive boom! The shining vision abruptly imploded! It vanished into a rainbow of bubbles before vanishing entirely.
Shortly, the only trace left was a patch of grass bearing a long black scorch mark.
Alaric looked shaken. “The Gateway has bubbleized!” he said. “ The computer must have drained the system with its stupid, stupid activities! Your Elfness, we must return to the Underground Prison Facility and decide what to do!”
Jake instantly decided what he had to do. Make a break for freedom.
The elf seemed to read his mind and grabbed his arm.
“There is no point in trying to run, your Highness,” said the elf. “We are not on solar planet three. This earth is uninhabited. It occupies a concurrent space defined by a fifth dimension. Let us return to the prison and make a plan.”
Jake shook off his arm and ran across to a house which seemed to be next door.
As he drew closer the house seemed to recede. Eventually he stopped, baffled.
He was now some distance from the prison lawn. Empty grasslands stretched on every side.
Alaric joined him. “This is Earth V 2,” said the elf. “Earth V 1 is next door.That is the effect of the extra dimension. The enemy must have used a Twister to put you into this dimension.”
They walked back to the oak tree and descended to the prison.
They found two packs ready filled and waiting on the table.
CLEO (urgently) “You must leave now. Lord Alaric has brought urgent instructions from E Base! You must leave urgently and immediately! Pick up your packs and get into the Emergency Departure Cage next door to the bathroom. FIDO is already aboard. Jake, keep your sword! Force guns have been packed in your rucksaks. They are for use against the invading aliens in the Main Escape Vehicle! My hardware is being carried by FIDO. I am still patched in to the main system.”
Shrugging on the packs and picking up two small cylinders,, Alaric and Jake walked down the passage past FIDO’s kitchen to the previously locked door which was now open. They walked into a small room with metal walls.FIDO was inside. The robot suddenly spoke in his strange voice. “Report! I have used this bunnel (tunnel in space time) to repair the escape vehicle. The bunnel now exits in universe V1! Beware of pursuit by earth natives!”
“Hey!” said Jake.”What about my loco A.B.C. Has superstar CLEO packed it?”
“Your old A.B.C. which featured locomotives designed by myself, has been packed. And new ABC’s for the Eastern Region and the Central Region of Great Britain have been aquired and also packed -- in case you get a chance to be a real spotter.”.
The metal door closed and the robot pushed a button. There was a peculiar sensation of giddy motion. Then they found they had suddenly arrived in a brilliantly lit old fashioned railway carriage. It was filled with a dense fog of blue smoke. There were rows of seats along one side, luggage racks along one wall and three dwarves sitting in a line on one seat.
Two dwarves were smoking battered pipes. The third was reading a newspaper.
There was an alarmed shout of “Hight!” and two dwarves with pipes leapt up.
Their pipes fell onto the carriage floor, spilling clouds of ash.
They were both holding wicked looking knives which glinted in the dim light.
Both wore conical hats.The dwarf nearest to Jake shouted: “Attack! Repel invaders!”
He added: “Get the ugly elf first!”
“Carve him up properly!” cried the second dwarf. “Chop them both up! They’ve made me drop my pipe! Now they must die!” he shouted.
The third dwarf was still sitting on a long leather seat. He rubbed his chin and said: “They are funny looking fellows, Stumpy, Very funny looking! Definitely crooks!”
He continued: “Are the elves?! We haven't seen any elves around here before! One is glowing, may be radioactive. The fat one might be in fancy dress. His outfit is really strange! The other thing is a robo!”
“Should I take them out or will you, Stumpy?” said Grumpy, waving his dagger. “This is a legal kill! A fully legal execution! They are trespassing on our premises! Fair game!”
“Alright! We will take both of them together!” said Stumpy, having considered the matter.
“On the count of three! One..”
“Probability of mission success still falling,” said CLEO suddenly.
Her voice was thin and piping, coming from FIDO’s pack.
Grumpy stiffened in alarm. “There's an invisible one!” he said. “It might be dangerous. Stumpy, can you see an invisible elf through your special prescription night vision specs?”
“Nope,” said Stumpy. “I can only see two elves and the robo.”
He indicated FIDO. The robot suddenly switched on his voice circuit.
“I am FIDO,” he said. “I mean you no harm. I come in peace! I am going to place Computer Warder CLEO on the luggage rack and then complete my recharge.”
The robot began walking towards the seats which were standing on one side of the carriage. Grumpy thrust with his knife but the blade simply bounced off with a clang of metal. FIDO ignored the sally, continued to the wall and lifted his pack onto the luggage rack. His eyes, formerly a glowing yellow, seemed to fade to two black holes as he settled into a motionless hunk. Grumpy looked at his knife and then at the robot.
“Well, we can ignore that thing,” he said. “It's only a mecho! But the other two are flesh and blood! Damned elves…trying to sneak in and steal our train! I say carve them up!” Both dwarves moved in, waving the curved daggers in slow, menacing arcs.
Jakes’ swordplay lessons had not included two mad, bloodthirsty dwarves coming in with knives!
“Prince Jake hasn't drawn his terrible weapon yet,” said Alaric.
The two armed dwarves pivoted towards him waving their daggers.
Alaric smiled mockingly. “Let's hope Prince Jake does not bring out Sting!”
Jake said weakly: “Stop calling me Prince! My name is Jake!”
“I'll grab the white Elf,” shouted Little Sam., jumping to his feet.
“You two get the fat one! He has a super sword!
The fat one! Jake blushed with annoyance. CLEO’s food had been good, three meals a day and two snacks but personal comments from unshaven dwarves was unbearable!
The two dwarves, continued to menace Jake . “Draw! Draw Sting!” shouted Alaric.
Automatically, Jake repeated the command.: “Draw Sting!”
The sword flickered into his hand. It shone with an eerie light, sparks fluttering from the blade. The two dwarves stopped for a moment but then gamely moved in, waving their daggers.
Jake shuffled into position.
Grumpy lunged forward and slashed his knife in a wicked, slicing upward curve. But even as he began the move, Jake whipped Sting across and touched the sword to the point of the dagger. A massive, bright blue smoking spark crackled from sword to dagger A strange haze formed around Grumpy. The dwarf suddenly stiffened. His bearded face broke into a smile. He slowly toppled backwards to the ground.
He lay rigid and unmoving, his dagger pointing upwards, held in place by a stiffly clenched hand. Jake looked at his sword with some respect as Stumpy danced back well out of range and looked down at the recumJaket figure of Grumpy.
“Killed by an Agent of Hell!” Stumpy yelled. “Felled by Evil! Chopped by an Enchanted Sword and lost to the world in the defense of Goodness, Fairness and All Things Dwarvish! But his Revenge shall be Terrible! His murderer will be wiped from the Earth! I accept the Commission of Revenge!”
Little Sam hurriedly moved over to the fallen dwarf and carried out a close inspection. “He is not dead, repeat he is NOT dead! Grumpy is breathing,” said Little Sam. “He..he is smiling!”
“It's the sword,” said Alaric. “Sometimes, Sting takes a liking to a person and just puts him to sleep for a while,. but.. if Sting doesn't like somebody it makes a funny kind of humming noise and changes color. It starts smoking and spitting sparks….and heaven help whoever crosses the sword then!”
Stumpy looked hard at Sting, which immediately began humming in a nasty off key G minor. The glow around the sword crackled, spitting off fat sparks and oily smoke. Jake waved the sword in a challenge. This produced a high pitched, menacing scream from the glowing blade.
“I don’t think that Sting likes you, Stumpy!” said Alaric mockingly.
Stumpy flinched. His white beard twitched.
“What about a Truce?” said Alaric. “We will apologize for bursting in. And we will discuss plans for a journey with the prospects of gold beyond the dreams of avarice.”
Grumpy abruptly recovered and sat up. “Gold!” he said.
“Gold beyond the dreams of avarice?” said Stumpy. He thought about it. “Well, possibly, after the Commission of Revenge! In the meantime,” he gritted his teeth. “This humble dwarf must obey The Commission must be executed! “ He sprang forward and slashed his knife towards Jake. Instantly, Sting swept downward. The threatening blade met an immoveable barrier of shining, bright steel. Sword and knife met with a metallic clash! The knife immediately glowed red hot from blade to heft! Stumpy dropped it with a yell of pain.
He ran backwards to the toilet and dipped his hand into the bowl.
A cloud of steam rose.
CLEO suddenly spoke.
“Patching in to human radio transmissions!” said the computer.
There was a crackle of static followed by a human voice.
“We have an .unknown linear radiation originating at Kingswood Drive terminated at grid co-ordinate 1-34-56743..second alert from this site..vehicle dispatched.ETA 10 minutes”
The voice faded out.
“Where is that co-ordinate?” asked Jake.
“Right here! “ I recommend you leave without delay! “ said the computer.
Her voice came from a slim metal box on the luggage rack. The voice had a tinny quality.
The three dwarves looked at each other, then held a short discussion. Most of this was inaudible, save for the frequent mention of “fed up doing nothing” and “magic sword!”
“We are agreed!” said Stumpy. “Let’s get the train moving before the troops arrive. They might steal the baccy we traded.”



Chapter 4
Train now departing.


Before anyone could make further comment, FIDO walked to the front of the carriage. He unreeled a suspended map. It showed an area of countryside with a barred railway line along the left hand side. FIDO now stood by the map.
He pointed at a spot. It glowed with a red blinking light.
“This is the spot on the railway where we are now,” said CLEO. “This is out starting position.”
An area of dull red light now flickered along one side of a barred line marked Disused Railway.
CLEO continued: “The red light marks the Positively Enchanted Area or PEA. It is controlled by the ex railway steam driver turned wizard who visited this coach and took E Base supplies!”
“What!” said Alaric, “E Base equipment secured from this carriage? How?”
CLEO: “Ask Stumpy and Grumpy how they got 60 bales of baccy?”
“Well?” said Alaric. “How did you get the baccy?”
Grumpy: “We swopped some rubbish in the luggage compartment for some highly useful baccy, He was a very friendly chap, very obliging. Fifty pouches of Minty Ho Ho black for a few bits of junk!”“
“Junk!” said Alaric bitterly. “ E Base Very HiTech Escape Equipment exchanged for tobacco!”
Then he brightened: “But unless he can read Elvish he wont know how to use the gear! He is only an Earthman. According to the Manual they are barbarians.”
“The manual is several hundred years out of date,’ piped CLEO. “They are getting up tech rapidly. He might learn Elvish from the Mutiverse Net,” said CLEO. “Running E mails backwards on the human Internet reveals the E Base Translator. Using he is expanding the Possibly Enchanted Area!.”
There was a prolonged silence .
The map then rolled up into the roof of the carriage. FIDO stood motionless.
CLEO: “The driver and fireman should now report to the locomotive.”
“I expect FIDO will be the driver,” said Jake bitterly. “Who will be the fireman? Probably me! I am a passed driver but I will only be the fireman!”
“That is incorrect,”said CLEO. “You will be the driver. Lord Alaric will be your fireman, leave now!”
“Well, that’s OK then,” said Jake. “But that stuff about Enchanted Areas is rubbish. Rubbish! This is just an old disused railway line.The only thing we have to worry about is those men who are after me.”
He moved to the door ,and opened it.
Jake felt a blast of chilly air. It was full daylight. He stood ready to step out.
“Stop!” said Alaric. “I must use an I/I device. The faulty bunnel has put us into real time! The train is completely visible and the Earth troops will be here soon!”
He produced an object which looked like a torch and pressed a switch. Immediately, the atmosphere became almost black and all sound stopped.
What did not stop were Jake’s thought processes. His previous attempt to escape had failed. He had been in some weird dimension. But he was now on Earth! He was in the right dimension to escape! Without further thought, he long jumped straight at the wall of darkness, emerging into a field of close cropped grass. At the same moment an Army car breasted over a ridge and stopped, near the railway track.
Inside the car the vehicle commander yelled into his microphone. “Mobile One at site! An alien has appeared out of nowhere! He is running towards us! He is armed! I am warming up the laser!”
Jake now arrived at the truck. He was panting.
He had planned to say “I am Jake and I have been kidnapped by aliens!”
Instead, he decided that he must first warn his human friends.
He shouted: “There is an invisible train full of wierds! I”ll jump on the bonnet and we can retreat!”
Voice from the vehicle. “The alien is standing in front of us. Some kind of elf. Talking gibberish! I intend to stun him! Laser is arming..30 seconds..”
A red dot appeared on Jakes chest.
Jake looked down at the glowing mark.
Jake: “No! No! No! I am a friend!”
He drew his sword and bashed the sword against the laser barrel. He used the side of the blade with the intention of reinforcing his message. However, his intention had no effect on the troops and no effect on the sword. It instantly spurted a lateral column of rippling fire. A vivid flash expanded to surround the vehicle with a strange, vivid purple flame. The laser gun instantly melted. Its barrel drooped.
Jake leapt backwards away from the apparition.
A voice spoke inside the car. “Mobile One, Report your condition..have you dealt with the alien? Does he have a pulse?”
There was no reply.
The steam train suddenly reappeared, apparently from thin air. .FIDO burst out from the carriage, scooped Jake under one arm and dashed back to the locomotive. The robot dumped Jake at the metal stair leading up to the cab and then left.
Jake climbed into the cab and found Alaric sitting nonchalantly on a polished steel seat . The elf was eating an apple. Alaric suddenly spoke. “Well, your Elfness, you are now on the run! The human army will be after you for destroying one of their laser jeeps and killing the crew! The crew of the jeep knew, as I know, that you are an elf! You are an elf, a royal elf who has been foully used and now delusionally believes he is a kidnapped human who has had his ears changed! However, there is also some immediate good news! CLEO has located a Gateway quite near and we have this excellent train. She is the steam engine Spitfire. She is in first class condition!ince, you are a passed driver!” he said.
He threw the apple cog out through the window.
Jake sat on the drivers steel seat and tried to take in recent events. Surely the army would not be taken in by his ears? But they had believed him to be an alien! They had been about to fire the laser! He had no idea what his sword was capable of! He was bashing with the sword to stop them firing. He had stopped them firing all right!~ He had destroyed the car and killed the crew! Who would believe his story about an invisible train and being kidnapping by aliens?
His only option was now to run with the aliens! To pretend he was now a friend. He made a start.
“How did we get his train?” said Jake. “And what is this engine named? This engine is my first real namer. All my other namers were fakes !”
Alaric: “Her name is Spitfire. She is an LNER B1. She is here as the direct result of a WW 2 bomb blast which occurred thousands of miles away in England, a country on the other side of this planet! The English were at war with a country called Germany. The Germans bombed Annesley railway shunting yards. Spitfire and its coach were believed to have been totally destroyed by a direct hit. In fact they were forced into another dimension! They were instantly transferred to P space. They were eventually shifted to this location. The engine was rusty and in need of repairs. FIDO used working drawings taken from the Internet. FIDO created six months using a time machine! The only change from normal coal firing is a special nuclear heating unit. It is nside the fire grate and it has already been activated. We are ready to rumble!”
“How did FIDO get tools?” asked Jake.
“He borrowed them from Healesville Railway Yards,” said the elf cheerfully. “He used a time machine to give himself enough time to carry out repairs. Spitfire is ready for action!”
“How do you know all this?”asked Jake. “How do you know FIDO did a rebuild on a train which was hit by a bomb! How do you know it came via some kind of wierd dimension? How do you know that?”
“The facts are all recorded on the etheric prototype which surrounds this train,” said the elf. “If your own senses were not so badly damaged, Sire, you would be able to see such details yourself.”
“Good answer!” said Jake. “More bull! In any case, what’s FIDO doing?”
“He is currently waiting behind the train with two dispensers of a special liquid. He will rerust the rails to confuse pursuit.” said Alaric.” FIDO has set a nuclear heating element to the temperature believed to have been preferred by top link drivers. It will obtain maximum performance from the engine”
“Right!” said Jake. “We may as well be off!”
“And we must vanish right now!” said Alaric.
He pressed a button on the side of the I/I device and the strange black light returned. It appeared to surround the engine and then expand until the entire train was enveloped. Jake tried to speak but found he could not hear his own voice! This was certainly magic on a major scale. No spells, no curses, no wands—just press a button to make an entire train vanish!
Alaric stuck up his thumb and then waved it forwards.
With a clear memory of his lessons, Jake released the brake and pushed forward the regulator. He felt the engine begin to move. It would undoubtedly be chuff! chuff! chuffing! but there was no sound inside the black aura produced by the I/I device. The train gradually began to gain speed. The track under the invisible train vanished momentarily as the train passed, a strange mobile shadow. The only other physical result of their passage came from the rails behind. They suddenly acquired a silver sheen as the invisible train passed over, instantly removing decades of deeply etched rust. The sheen was instantly removed as FIDO sprayed some kind of liquid over each rail.
Soon they were traveling down a new set of rusted rails, overgrown with numerous plants and even small trees which had forced a way up between the sleepers. The engine seemed almost offended by these trespassers on the permanent way. Spitfire balefully squirted steam, oil and hot water on the encroaching undergrowth in an attempt to restore railroad authority. Still cloaked with its I/I shield the train then ran silently across a short viaduct. A lake glistened below, rippling. Ducks swam around idly dozing, unaware of the invisible train which swept silently past on the old railway line above. They passed an ol wooden marker beside the track. Five miles to Lilydale.
On board the engine, Alaric pointed to the Invisibility Inaudibility device in his hand. “Need to conserve power!” he mouthed. He pushed the button to the off position.
Instantly the black cloak lifted. The cab was filled with a massive roar and the steady hissing of escaping steam. The sudden appearance of the train scared the ducks into a wild panic. Jake was beginning to really enjoy himself. This was far better than driving simulators. In the sims he had been obliged to obey numerous signals and signs to either gain or lose points. He had needed to worry about points being set the right way,maintaining the correct speed according to signs placed alongside the video track, etc. His learning experiences had been closely supervised by his ratty Computer Prison Warder CLEO. But here he had only a track of rusted rails along with the shrieking wind, the smell of hot oil and steam and the roaring grind of powerful driving wheels. There were no signals and best of all there was no bossy, fussy computer overseer to constantly tell him off! He had a powerful real steam engine under his personal control!
In a burst of sudden exhilaration, Jake released the brakes and pushed the regulator fully forward. The engine responded with a rush of steam. The wheels began to slip as the engine attempted to charge forward into the black night. “Turn back the regulator!” yelled Alaric. “Proceed slowly, with caution! We must stop very soon when we come to another junction. I only have a very approximate idea of where it is!”
“Where is it approximately?” shouted Jake.
“7miles from Lilydale!”
Alaric’s reply was almost erased by the roar of steam and the screech of wheels.
“There’s a sign!” yelled Jake. “I chain to the junction!”
Alaric suddenly yelled: “Slow down and put the brake on NOW!”
Jake reached up, twisted the regulator and applied the brake with all his strength. With a clamorous screech and a huge blast of steam the train shuddered to a halt. Ahead they could see a set of points and a junction with another line.
Alaric produced a cell phone and pressed a button: “FIDO! Set the points.”
However, the robot did not immediately appear. Instead, a carriage window opened and Stumpy looked out angrily. “The driver is a maniac!” he shouted. “It must be Jake! We’ve had everything thrown all over the place! Drive more carefully, loony!”
His head vanished and the window slammed upwards.
A carriage door then opened and FIDO emerged. The robot appeared to extend his metallic arms outward in two half circles. He grasped uprights on either side of the door. Once he had made a purchase, he stepped out from the carriage, hung a moment in suspension and then descended until his feet met the ground. The robot reached up and slammed the door . FIDO was now equipped with yet another set of feet which appeared to be quite suited to the wet gravel surface. He walked forward to the junction and inspected the points. One finger then squirted oil at a point below the junction rails. Finally the lever fulcrum and the connecting rod were oiled before the robot appeared to be satisfied with the condition of the condition of the apparatus.
He pulled back the lever, causing the junction rails to slide over and connect with the main line rails. He carefully inspected the rails, checking the seating. Finally, the robot flashed a small green light mounted on his chest. Then a light flickered in the cab. A small speaker,built into the cab wall sounded.
CLEO’s tinny voice sounded from the cell phone’. “Patching in mobile call from the UFO Group A male voice sounded. “relief convoy at site with ambulances ..in positions as ordered..disused railway line Lilydale to Healesville.Vehicle UGO AA 1001 appears to have been hit by a bomb..laser gun melted and destroyed..all metal surfaces bare of paint.stand by..”
There was a short delay then.. “Volunteer has entered the vehicle..reports that the NCO and  crew all suntanned and incoherent..we are removing the men who will be taken to Army hospital for psycho treatment.....Aboriginal tracker reports human footsteps and strange unidentified markings close to vehicle..tracks near the railway line..tracker reports strong smell of acid on railway tracks which appear rusted... samples of track surface taken for analysis..some small articles collected .vehicles now returning to base..out...”
“Well,” said Jake. “We are safe! We got away!”
He eased off the brake and the train began to move slowly forward. The engine clanked over the connecting rails. When the carriage had cleared the junction the robot pulled the points back to their original setting. As he drew level with the coach FIDO shot out one metal arm and opened the carriage door. His metal body lifted upward in one huge effortless motion and in a second he was back inside the carriage. The door closed and he returned to his chore of washing up the dishes. Jake wound up the regulator and the train began to move with increasing speed. Inside the carriage, the dwarves were again shouting bets as they proceeded with the game. The interior of the carriage was blue with baccy smoke.
On the footplate, Jake had his head stuck out of the engine side window. His face felt cold but the radiant heat from the boiler kept the rest of his body warm. They chugged along the overgrown railway line, disturbing legions of rabbits who had taken up residence trackside.
“Well, so much for the Enchanted Area,” said Jake. “A load of rubbish.”
“We have been running parallel to it,” said Alaric. “We are now going straight in.”
Jake: “Gibberish! It’s just the same old country fields and a few cows and stuff.”
They passed a siding. An ancient cattle truck was sitting forlorn, rusting and rotting. It appeared to be patiently waiting for an engine to pull it somewhere. But the only locally available locomotive was fully occupied, grinding down the track with its load of one ancient Pullman coach. Jake could see rusty rails extending forward, barely visible as a pair of lines bisected by weeds, grasses and small trees. A herd of cattle broke into a sudden stampede, rushing away from the line as the train approached. The cattle ran for a distance and then stopped and turned, looking searchingly at the strange train running on a railway that had been derelict for many years.



Chapter 5
Top Link Driver


Suddenly Alaric spoke. He was peering out of the fireman’s window on the other side of the cab. “Can you see a junction ahead?” he shouted.
Jake peered out. A few hundred yards ahead he could see what looked like a rail junction. “Yes, I see a junction!” he shouted. “We must check the points are not set against us.”
He tried to pull back the regulator, but it seemed to be stuck. The engine continued to thunder along at a full 30 mph. Jake applied all his strength but the regulator would not budge.Alarmed, Alaric came across the cab and added his strength. But the regulator would not move.
Abruptly the engine entered the points and veered off along another branch line, rocking savagely and almost derailing. The coach followed, jerking across the points with screeching wheels and sparks flying. Inside, the dwarves card game was again plunged into disarray as cursing bodies were thrown in all directions. The train suddenly ran into fog. The starlit night crowned by a silver moon vanished.
They appeared to be running full pelt into a tunnel of roiling mist.
“We must stop the train!” shouted Alaric. “There is something odd about this! Some kind of of force generator is controlling the regulator. What can we do?”
Jake searched his mind. The regulator was stuck. If he wound up the brake and locked it on, the boiler might blow up! The only thing to do was to throw the fire and lose steam. But the fire was made by some kind of nuclear tube in the grate.
Jake: “We must stop making steam. How can we turn off that tube thing in the fire grate?”
“I will call FIDO!” shouted Alaric.
Alaric produced a mobile phone and dialed a number.
He spoke urgently into the phone.
“CLEO! Instruct FIDO to get to the locomotive cab! Full emergency power!”
Almost instantly the front connecting door of the carriage opened, revealing the golden form of FIDO. The robot reached out one hand. The arm extended in an extraordinary way until it reached a rail on the front of the tender! FIDO then pulled himself direcly into the engine cabin.
“Orders?” FIDO asked in his peculiar mechanical voice.
“Shut off the heating unit!” shouted Jake
Immediately the robot used one metal hand to open the fire door. He put his other hand into the white hot firebox and appeared to turn some kind of knob on the heating unit. Immediately, the incandescent glow began to fade. The robot removed his arm and closed the firebox door. He moved back into the gangway between the tender and locomotive and stood immobile.
Steam pressure began to drop rapidly. Jake reached for the whistle and for once gained an approving nod from Alaric. Steam whooshed out with an ear-piercing scream. The engine immediately began to lose forward momentum. It ran on down the sideline for a short distance before coming to a halt. A small residue of steam hissed out. Around them the strange fog had lost none of its intensity. Jake reached up and tried the regulator.
Remarkably, it now moved easily into the off position. He applied the brake.
Ahead they heard a strange noise. It sounded like enormous feet stamping towards them. Alaric sniffed, elvish nose twitching. “I smell troll!” he said A troll suddenly appeared in front of them. Although smaller than the trolls they had met previously it was still monstrous. It towered over the steam engine.
Jake felt a surge of terror. The troll would overturn the engine and pick out the edible bits for a tasty snack! He could smell the rank odor of the dreadful creature. It was swinging a large club, presumably used to brain its victims. Sting might be the answer but the sword was on a rack inside the carriage! The troll stepped back and peered at the locomotive nameplate using a hand torch. He stepped around and flashed the torch onto the number painted on the boiler. He muttered something to himself.
“We’ve had it!” whispered Jake.
“On the other hand we are still intact at the moment,” whispered Alaric. “Is there anything we can do? What do you suggest?”
Jake thought furiously. Could FIDO do anything? The robot was still standing in the gangway linking the tender to the locomotive. He seemed to be well equipped for various missions. Could the robot attack when they distracted the troll by blowing the whistle?
Was there enough steam left to reactivate the whistle?
Suddenly the troll reached into the breast pocket of his filthy jerkin and removed an Ion Allan Locomotives of the World! An international ABC! Now the troll thumbed through the book.
Eventually it found an appropriate heading and read out loud:
“It looks to us like this is a Brit! Spitfire! Missing since 1942! British B 1 engine vanished after a bomb blast! It may have been stolen by a foreign power?”
The troll ruminated. Then he said: “This is 999 Spitfire! Missing since 1942 and stolen by a foreign power! And it is here! The foreign power hid it here!! This is a super cop!”
He fumbled in his pocket and found the stub of a pencil. Carefully he underlined a number in his book. There was a sudden booming shout from further up the line. “Bolo! Supper! Get home NOW!” With a last fond look at Spitfire, still apparently unaware that the engine had a crew, the troll turned and shambled away. He left behind the pungent smell of troll body odor or TBO. This smell was mixed with a distinct scent of fear from Jake. Further refinement came from the ongoing ambient odors of hot oil, the sharp smell of hot metal and condensing steam.
Jake sank back onto his seat. The fearful apparition was a train spotting troll! Was there anything stranger in the universe? Jake then glanced out of the window at the place where the troll had appeared. He gave a sudden start of amazement. Where the troll had stood there was now a glowing golden Multiverse Railway Station sign! It must be the one they were looking for. They had arrived! He was about to alert Alaric when he realized the elf was already standing next to him gazing intently at the gate.
“There is something not quite right about this station!” said the elf. “It is not showing the correct colors or playing an appropriate tune. Both items should be present for the purpose of identification. That is clearly stated in the Index of Multiverse Stations. Part 1, Stations 1 to 5.”
“It certainly looks like a real station to me!” said Jake
“It may be a clever trap!” said the elf.
“How do you know?” asked Jake.
“A Multiverse Railway Station should be both visually and musically active!” said the elf. “This station looks ok but it is silent.” The station sign glowed invitingly. Suddenly, soft music began to play. Jake’s head began to spin and he found his eyelids drooping.



Chapter 6
Valley of the Wizard


“Don’t fall asleep!” said Alaric urgently.
He shook Jake’s shoulder vigorously.
“We must send FIDO to see what’s on the other side!” he said.
Alaric then spoke sharply: “FIDO! Alert! Alert! Are you fully armed?”
FIDO suddenly reactivated himself. He was standing in the small space between the engine and the tender. He spoke: “I am lightly armed! I have two “Deep Throat” Mark 7 high explosive rocket pods. I have one submachine gun with 2500 incendiary rounds! I have three 5kg anti personnel mines!”
Jake reacted with amazement. His robot was armed to the teeth!
Alaric said: “FIDO! Orders! Switch to Combat Mode! Approach the apparent station approx. 60 meters to the east of this engine. Enter that Gate! If you find that inhabitants on the other side are wearing white robes and carrying flowers return to this engine via the gate after saluting them and saying
Ommm! Peace! Ommm! However, if any entity, animal, robot or other lifeform attempts to capture you—resist with lethal force! Following any such action you must return to this train with utmost dispatch! You have permission to use any weapon at your disposal!”
The robots eyes glowed, first yellow and then red as he switched to combat mode. FIDO climbed down from the engine and strode towards the glowing station sign. As he approached the sign a gate swung open and he walked forward—only to vanish. The sign continued to glow.
Then, abruptly there was the sound of distant gunfire. followed by a string of explosions. The sign disappeared as if someone had tripped a switch.
Suddenly the mist vanished The cab phone rang. Alaric picked up the phone.”CLEO here!I would like to give my Sitrep. The Multiverse Railway Station sign on the north side of this train is an illusion. It is designed to lure you into an area directly controlled by an incredibly evil man.He wants to enslave this entire party. Do not enter his false station!”
“I have already ordered FIDO to enter!” said Alaric.
CLEO: “It is unfortunate that FIDO should have been sent into such a dangerous area. The false sign should have been simply ignored. The real station is directly opposite the false station. It is operative!”
Alaric put down the phone and scampered across the cab. He peered out of the fireman’s side window. He returned to the phone and picked it up. “Yes, I can see the real station. We will wait for FIDO to return and then enter the real station! Tell the dwarves to get ready. Over and out!”
He replaced the phone in its socket. :
Faintly the sounds of Bach Goes to Town came from the true Multiverse Railway Station on their right. But from the area on their left there now came the sounds of frenzied battle. The fog had cleared and some distance below they could see a thickly wooded valley. Footpaths led down through a forest of pine trees covering the slopes. At the base of the valley there was a grassed ravine. It led to a mount topped by what looked like an old fashioned turreted castle. A man with a white beard stood at the front wall of the castle. He was wearing a tall, conical hat emblazoned with stars. And he was staring though a long tube.
“It’s a wierdo!” said Jake, amazed. “He’s all dolled up as a wizard in a comical hat!”
“Well,” said Alaric, “He must be a black wizard! In any case, where is FIDO?”
He sounded anxious. Neither of them could see the robot. FIDO had vanished although the sounds of gunfire continued. Inside the castle yard the wizard dropped the tube and beckoned urgently. After a few moments four trolls appeared carrying a massive box. Suddenly, Jake and Alaric saw a flash of golden metal moving up through the trees towards them.
Alaric: “Thank goodness! Here is FIDO, heading in our direction!”
The wizard took something from the box and pushed it into a tripod launcher. There was a hissing sound as a rocket streaked away from the castle. The flight ended with an abrupt flash of light and a loud explosion as it impacted squarely on FIDO.
The robot seemed to stop in mid stride as if poleaxed. Then he turned, picked something up and continued on his way. Again the wizard loaded a second rocket. This time,FIDO sidestepped at the last moment. The rocket exploded in the forest close to the robot. Several trees toppled and a fire began to blaze on the hillside. The robot suddenly stopped and turned to face the castle. He appeared to project a long tube from his chest. He turned slowly, rocking backwards, seeming to adjust his stance. There was a sudden blast of light and a whoosh.
“There goes a Mark 7 Deep Throat!” said Alaric.
Jake and Alaric watched as the rocket hissed towards the castle. It appeared to change flight upwards as it zoomed over the turreted walls. Finally, it executed a perfect roll before diving and impacting onto the stone flagged courtyard of the castle.
There was a massive boom! The wizard vanished in a vivid flash of orange light.
A cloud of yellow smoke then filled the castle courtyard and obscured the scene. A few moments later FIDO appeared at the edge of the forest close to the engine. The robot was badly dented and covered in black soot. He was carrying one scorched arm in his other hand. There was a gaping hole in his shoulder where the damaged arm had been blown off. A festoon of wires showed through the hole. FIDO strode up the pathway from the forest, stopped next to the engine.
His eyes glared balefully as he said: “Mission accomplished! Orders?”
“Reassume normal operating mode, turn on the device, and repair your arm!” said Alaric.
The robots eyes immediately changed color, from an angry red to the more normal glowing yellow. He wedged his damaged arm into the gaping shoulder socket, which was still smoking. He then opened the fire door and turned a control on the side of the heating bar using his operating arm. The robot then closed the fire door and climbed down from the cab. He moved back to the carriage. After he had climbed back up and entered his undamaged arm appeared and slammed the door shut.
Alaric: “Perhaps we can now leave this planet and go home!”
Jake and Alaric both moved over to the south side of the cab. But now there was no sign of the Multiverse Railway Station. It had vanished and the music had stopped. The phone rang. Jake picked up the instrument. The voice of CLEO came from the phone. “I regret to report that the station is no longer available for your use!” said CLEO. “Warlike activities in this vicinity triggered a safety alarm. The Guardian to remove the station for a full inspection. It will now be inoperable for approximately three hundred years of this planets time. Our party must therefore move on to the next station and hope. You are advised to reverse back and proceed to Healesville. You can stay overnight and water the engine. The dwarves have resumed playing their Game. Both older dwarves continue to lose to Little Sam.”
“Thank you,” said Jake. He replaced the phone receiver. He was not at all put out by the sudden disappearance of the station. He would now get more experience of steam engine driving. It seemed unlikely that there would be any railways in the elf world. On top of that, if they did get to Elf land he would be unmasked as a fake prince and probably face a firing squad!”
As they were continuing the Journey he would be safe for a while.
He might even be able to do a bit of train spotting somewhere.
Alaric was examining the driving controls. He pulled a small silver disc from the regulator. “Here is the reason we could not slow down,” he said, “That criminal has the engine under control with this LRD (long range control.”
The elf put the disc in his pocket.
“I will reset the heater with the fire bar.” He used the fire bar to prise open the firebox and reset the heater.” he said,
In a few minutes, with the reactivated heating unit again blasting out heat they had a head of working steam. Jake cranked the reversing handle. Thirty-two turns were needed to put the engine into reverse gear. Jake released the brake and opened the regulator. The engine began to clank slowly backwards pushing its carriage.
Below, one side of the valley was wreathed in smoke. The castle was wreathed in black s moke which poured from the site of the impact. A number of trees on the margin of the valley had caught fire. Shortly the scene below vanished as they backed down the lined’Finally, the train emerged from the branch. They backed onto the rusty main line and stopped some distance beyond the points. The engine was hissing steam. Jake applied the handbrake.
Alaric climbed down and inspected the points . He picked up something .before returning to the cab. He said: “That crazy so and so in the valley would not be a threat without our E Base technology. He fixed LRD clips to the points and opened them long distance.He must also have a Magico deep enchanter! That troll kid was inside a troll outfit from a fancy dress store.His smell was caused by not washing for a month or so. ! The “trolls” at the castle must be hypnotised and in costume as well.How many slaves has the jerk got?”
Alaric switched the points back to the straight ahead setting He then climbed back into the cab and produced a large silver turnip watch from his pocket. He studied it. “Good heavens!” said the elf. “We spent six hours in that fog. It will soon be dark. We must make all speed to Healesville.”
Jake released the handbrake and opened the steam regulator. The train began to accelerate down the rusty track. Swiftly, dusk turned into darkness. Ahead they could see the light of a small town. They passed a rundown station with a broken sign reading Coldstream. They pressed on down a long straight. At a road crossing Alaric activated the I?I device and crossed cautiously after checking for road traffic.
Shortly, they approached a station with freshly painted signs and a newly bricked station marked Yarra Glen. They were now close to a township and the road/rail crossing was busy with traffic. They sat waiting in the strange darkness and lack of sound generated by the I?I device. Eventually, there was no traffic to be seen and the train moved forward. Gates closed automatically and they passed over the main road. To an outside observer the train would appear to be a dark, silent shadow, a cloud crossing the moonlight. . Fortunately, there were no motorists around to observe this peculiar event.
The gates opened to traffic once they had passed.
When Yarra Glen was well behind Alaric switched off the device and the sound effects resumed. The engine puffed gouts of steam. Wheels screamed on rusty rails.
Inside the carriage,the dwarves were playing Stuff It! This is a dwarvish card game. Little Sam was currently the owner of all his companions worldly goods. He was the clear winner. He was now being asked for two small loans, repayable at the usual 1000% an hour interest, so that his opponents, his very good friends might possibly recoup their losses.
The train rolled on through darkness. They chuffed through a short tunnel, grimy with black smoke. They emerged and a short distance ahead. they could see the street lights of another town. “Healesville!” said Alaric. “It is almost dawn! We can stop, rest for the day and water the engine! Again he switched on the I/I device to ensure that their arrival would not be seen. Spitfire steamed invisibly and inaudibly into a large railway yard with several sidings.
However, there was no sign of activity. All the rails were heavily rusted.As Jake slowed the engine, Alaric jumped down and ran forward. As he left the area of the trains invisibility shield his body shone eerily in the waning moonlight. The elf pulled a lever, ran back and hoisted himself back into the cab. The engine cranked forward slowly and ran into a siding, hissing steam, moving into a space between two lines of tarpaulin covered carriages. They came to a halt against a set of buffers. Jake wound back the regulator and set the handbrake. Alaric switched off the I/I device. The locomotive sat gently steaming. However, with FIDO about to undergo double arm surgery conducted by himself (under instructions from CLEO’s Master Robot Surgery program) there was no robot available for the task of turning off the white hot fire bar. Alaric retrieved a pair of long tongs from the tender. He opened the firebox door. Shielding his eyes, he prodded around and managed to deactivate the still white hot heating unit. Alaric He replaced the tongs into the tender and closed the fire door. He climbed down from the cab. Jake and Alaric made their way down the side of the carriage, climbed up, opened a door and entered. As they went inside, both noted that the interior was again thick with blue baccy smoke. It was immediately apparent that Stumpy and Grumpy were in exceptionally bad moods. Both sat silent and scowling. “They’ve lost the lot!” said Little Sam. He made no mention of their recent incredible adventure inside the witches cavern. “It was double or quits and it is definitely quits!”
Alaric checked his watch. He read the time and looked puzzled. “It is 5.30 a.m!” he said. He thought for a moment. “The I/I device!” he said. “It sets up an accelearated time cell.Gentlemen!It is definitely quits for all of us! It is nearly dawn and time to rest!! I bid you all good morning!”
He left the I/I device on a shelf under CLEO’s control, instructing the computer to use the device if any one approached the train. Alaric then tucked himself into a leather seat which doubled as a bunk.
Stumpy and Grumpy went to bed still grumbling. Little Sam took his winnings and hid them under his pillow while Jake lay down on his carriage seat/bunk, and pulled up his blanket. The painted windows only admitted a few thin scratches of daylight. CLEO extinguished the carriage lights and the party all slept soundly as the daylight hours passed.



Chapter 7
Ready to rock and roll


Shortly before sunset, Alaric shook Jake awake. After a brief visit to the toilet, Jake inspected his face in the mirror. He checked carefully to ensure that his skin had not been damaged by magical means. Satisfied that his ruddy, freckled skin was in its normal state he inspected his ears. The peculiar oversized ears still jutted out. That was an unfortunate fact. However, nothing could be done until he could get his own ears back. Presumably he would get them in an operation with an alien prince who still had to be found.Jake then returned to the table. The dwarves were all seated with Alaric . As he passed FIDO, who was busy cooking in a tiny galley, the robot suddenly held out one metal hand and offered him a wristwatch! Jake assumed that the watch was some kind of gift offering. It was presumably the robots way of thanking him for what? For excellent driving! He slipped the watch onto his wrist. The watch showed the time to be 6.45pm and the sky was darkening. The rail yard rapidly became deeply shadowed as the sun set. In the carriage, the lights and heating came on, generating a cosy, convivial atmosphere.
The nights “breakfast” was a substantial meal of orange juice, followed by toasted Waybread, baked beans and tinned sausages all cooked by FIDO on his tiny nuclear stove. Presumably, this feast came from “travel rations” held in miniaturized form. The Waybread was spread with a selection of Dwarvish jams and marmalades which had been contributed by Stumpy. The meal was washed down by excellent fresh, hot coffee. All the travelers tucked in. Once they finished, FIDO cleared the table. Jake now regarded his personal robot with different eyes.
FIDO had always been an excellent butler, cleaner and train spotting companion. He had been responsive, never complained and he was always willing to carry out any task instantly. Jake had been surprised by FIDO’s interest in train spotting, which hardly seemed a pastime for robots. However, FIDO had also proven to be a remarkable robo warrior, capable of storming a fortified castle and putting it out of action, before making good his escape. Jake now constantly thanked the robot, thanking him for the table service, for clearing away dishes, for washing up. In fact, he said “Thank you FIDO!” so often that the three dwarves eventually parodied him. Little Sam pretended to approach the table with a robotic walk. He served an imaginary drink to Stumpy and Grumpy The two dwarves immediately chorused: “Thank you FIDO!” in assumed, falsetto voices.
But Jake took it all in good part. The dwarves knew very little about the previous night. They had been busy smoking baccy, gambling, shouting, laughing and generally messing about until they finally woke up to their peril. They had diverted the witches attention but in Jake’s opinion heroic robot FIDO had done dangerous work! He was certainly worth thanking and he also made very good coffee!Once the companions finished the meal, they studied the map which was now unfurled at the back of the carriage. The map, which was under CLEO’s control, showed the previous journey via a glowing green line. Future travel plans were indicated by a glowing red dotted line leading across a new section of the map.
This seemed to show mostly countryside and hills. The line ended at Mansfield. It was apparent from the map that they still had some distance to travel. And the map seemed to be constantly changing. It had previously indicated that the land ahead included a mixture of woods, meadows, lakes, rivers, streams and hills But now the map also showed a large area with no other markings. It was incised with red letters Definitely Enchanted Area (DEA. The DEA stretched from a point near Lilydale in the east and enclosed a large area of terrain to the west. It covered a substantial belt of countryside. In fact the DEA barely stopped short of the railway line. And it continued to advance, inching ahead slowly.
CLEO commented: “The Definitely Enchanted Area is expanding. The wizard may have gained highly classified information about our Journey. He intends to intercept this train and seize its passengers in order to promote his maniacal plans!”
“Why does the wizard want us?” asked Jake.
Alaric: “Possibly because he is aware that when we reach E Base, I will report his activities to the authorities. His power base will be immediately destroyed!His domain will vanish. His castle will disappear like a puff of smoke. His enchanted servants and vassals will all be freed. The trolls will resume their previous forms as ticket inspectors on the railway! The wizard will be subject to a full audit by the Income Tax authorities. This will include a search of his cottage.Police will discover a jar full of gold coins. He actually bought these coins using income earned over the past forty years when he worked as a steam engine driver. He bought the coins as an investment for his retirement. But this retirement came suddenly when VicRail changed to electrics and diesels. The railway retrenched its top link drivers. The wizard could not forgive and turned to wizardry! But it will cost him dear! The Police will seize his gold coins. He will be jailed for 20 years! He will also have his library ticket withdrawn!”
It was obvious that the wizard would be strongly motivated! He risked losing his estate, his freedom, his gold and his library ticket. An air of foreboding seemed to permeate the carriage as they all stared at the map. The line marking the edge of the DEA kept advancing. The pink area was gradually encroaching, creeping ever closer to the barred line indicating the railway.
Eventually Alaric said: “Enough of this! Let us be about our business! There are no human beings anywhere near these rail yards. Let’s water the engine and raise steam!”
He stood up, followed by Jake. The three dwarves followed Alaric and Jake out of a side door, jumping down onto overgrown gravel alongside the track. The party scrunched along an overgrown pebble pathway until they reached a water tower near the engine. The dwarves were given the task of watering Spitfire. This involved opening a cover on the tender, moving the water hose into position and then placing the canvas firmly into the water orifice.
Stumpy and Grumpy climbed onto the tender and fitted the hose into position. The next task was to turn the water on—an operation which required the combined effort of all three dwarves. The flow was controlled by a hydrant wheel. The dwarves strained to turn the wheel. They refused to accept any assistance from Jake or Alaric, as a matter of dwarvish pride.
After a massive effort, which initially produced only a flow of colorful curses, the wheel suddenly turned and water began gushing into the tender. Alaric and Jake climbed up into the now cold engine and activated the heating device inside the fire grate. They used the metal prod to poke the switch into the ON position. They waited on the footplate as the device began to warm up. Jake was preoccupied. He had major concerns about his lack of knowledge. In terms of identity, he still knew only his name and prison number. Plus the claim that he was an elvish prince.
Surely “Prince Jake” must be a case of mistaken identity? But.. in his current situation, Should he pretend to be Prince Jake. He might get away with it for a while.. although sooner or later he must be exposed as an imposter. It was difficult to know how to get out of the mess he was sliding into. He was getting deeper and deeper into trouble. He might be executed for pretending to be the lost prince! Or he might be executed as an imposter! He might get caught by the UFO soldiers and executed as an alien killer! He might get trapped by the wizard and turned into a slave!
Yet he seemed to have no option apart from simply carrying on.
Alaric sat serenely on the fireman’s seat, apparently filled with joy and certainly emanating light. He seemed to be convinced that he had found the right person. He seemed to be certain that everything would be solved once they reached a Multiverse Railway Station they could actually open. That also appeared to be a very long shot!
So far none of the stations had opened.
In the meantime, the dwarves were getting soaked.
After completing the process of watering the engine, the dwarves had made the mistake of pulling out the hose before turning off the flow. Water gushed over them in a splashing torrent. They were all spluttering in the icy flow until Little Sam recovered his wits and turned off the hydrant. With Stumpy and Grumpy cursing and Little Sam looking pleased with himself, the dwarves retired into the carriage to dry off.
On a command from CLEO, FIDO climbed down from the carriage and moved silently to the rear of the train, ready to change the points once the train had reversed from the siding back onto the main line. He was now back to normal, having replaced his own arm and soldered all connections.
With steam up it was now 9pm. Jake said: “Are we ready to go?”
“Yes, Your Royal Highness!” said Alaric.
He turned on the I/I device and the train abruptly vanished, leaving only a black shadow etched out by moonbeams on the ground. They were ready to move. Again, in the uncanny silence created by the I/I device,Jake turned the reversing handle, released the brake and opened the steam injectors. FIDO hopped back aboard onto what appeared to be a shadow passed over the points he had recently switched. FIDO seemed to see the invisible train quite clearly through his peculiar eyes. They did not appear to be affected by the I/I device. And once again, they were on the move! The train reversed and then Jake switched off the reverser and the train moved forward onto the main line going north west.
They rolled past an old station and onto the Yea branch line. Level crossing gates on the main street of Healesville automatically closed as the train approached. A number of cars and trucks stopped. Apparently nothing happened, for no human eyes could see the strange opaque shadow as it sped silently over the crossing. Cars were hooting as annoyed drivers reacted to an apparent failure of the gate mechanism.The drivers were cursing VicRail and several used mobile phones to complain.
After the invisible train passed, the gates automatically reopened, leaving the impression that the system was faulty. As the line was normally disused this seemed to be an entirely reasonable conclusion.
Soon the train left the confines of Healesville and reached open country. About 5 miles out of town Alaric turned off the I/I device and the thunderous sounds of the engine returned with full force. The wind was blowing strongly, with high scudding clouds frequently obscuring a full moon. They rattled past another deserted station, an ancient platform sprouting with weeds and backed by a weed choked siding. In the carriage the dwarves had dried off. Baccy pipes had been lit and after a consultation Stumpy and Grumpy said: “After Due Consideration they would again allow young Little Sam to join a Game of Stuff It. They were obliged to remind him that he could not be lucky forever! His streak was in the past and the sun would shine on the affairs of his elders and betters!”
The dwarves had started another loud and riotous game. Burning baccy filled the carriage with a haze of blue smoke. No one noticed that CLEO was again upgrading the map. The area indicating the DEA was constantly advancing. The perimeter of the Definitely Enchanted Area had now passed over the barred line which denoted the railway track. A glowing dot showed the current position. The dot was steadily approaching a point of contact inside the Definitely Enchanted Area.
Oblivious to the threat, Jake was again enjoying himself. Despite the cold draft, he was quite warm. In fact, the entire cab was comfortably heated by the remarkable thermal output of the nuclear device. Jake was again enjoying the sensation of controlling a large, powerful, real steam engine. He adjusted the regulator delicately and professionally from time to time, peering down the line. It ran almost dead straight ahead, showing in the moonlight as a pair of dull rusted lines bisecting a virtual forest of small weeds, grasses and saplings. He could only see the tracks for a short distance ahead. Reality was quite different from the computer training program. In the computer version, tracks were shown as two shining steel lines which had been visible for miles ahead. There had been signals and trackside signs. But now there were no signals or signs. This was a pity, since he could have used his knowledge of signal codes to good effect. The few signals they did pass were all bare steel uprights with peeling paint and large areas of rust. They had been left to perish with the rest of the abandoned railway. If there were any remaining signs by the track they were totally invisible, covered by thick undergrowth.
Occasionally, they ran alongside a main road and cars passed. On each occasion, Alaric seemed to know in advance when a car or truck would appear. He activated the I/I device ahead of the actual contact. Once the vehicle had passed, Alaric would turn off the device, much to the relief of the dwarves in the coach. When the I/I device was on, all sound stopped both outside and inside the train. The invisibility device left the exterior of the train totally invisible to an external viewer. But although the dwarves could still see each other and the interior of the carriage they were not able to hear themselves yelling and shouting. Such audio is, of course, essential for the full enjoyment of Stuff It!
The train moved on, past a ghostly row of old grain silos, now disused and appearing as bleached shadows in the moonlight, They passed an ancient quarry, abandoned and derelict In the stokers seat, Alaric maintained a sharp lookout down the line, frequently glancing across the landscape for any road in case a car or truck might suddenly appear. Jake began to feel more confident. His train was running well. He had a full head of steam, a full tank of water and an apparently inexhaustible supply of heat from the tube in the fire grate. Then, suddenly, ahead of the train, they heard a long mournful whoop! whoop! “Train ahead!” said Jake, immediately winding back the regulator and reducing speed.
His new wristwatch suddenly rang like a phone! CLEO’s voice said: “The device on your wrist is a personal communications unit with a number of additional functions! Full use of the unit will only be possible when you have completed instructional course N/21/U2, which is now impractical as the required equimpent has been abandoned in the Underground Prison Complex . You are now approaching your first point of contact with the DEA. Anything that you see or hear may be an illusion.”
Trust CLEO to come up with some new gibberish when he needed hard info! There was another train hammering towards them! And his new wristwatch was not a gift of thanks from FIDO! It was some kind of comm unit so CLEO could continue giving out orders! He almost took the device off his wrist but then decided that it was first worth getting an answer.
Jake: “What do you mean, first point of contact with the DEA??”
Jake spoke into his wristwatch in the approved manner of a secret agent like 007.
“The DEA has expanded! The boundary of the DEA now crosses this railway line in two places. Once you cross the boundary, the wizard gains full control over your thoughts. This will soon occur at the first contact 800 meters ahead!” said CLEO.
Her voice was remarkably clear even over the sound of thundering wheels, hissing steam and wind noises in the engine cab. The computer continued: “The wizard already has some control as we approach the boundary and he has been able to induce the sound of a train which is apparently approaching!”
“What about that train, birdbrain!” shouted Jake. “This is a single track! We will smash into the other train head on!”
“My sensors do not record any approaching train. My uplink with Comsat 55 shows no evidence of any other train on this railway line. There is no approaching train! What you are hearing is an illusion – possibly the first of several illusions designed to entrap you! And in respect to your rude remark, I have very substantial computing powers and I am certainly not a birdbrain. However, I also have to note that birds are substantially under rated in terms of mental facilities—especially in respect to powers of navigation, identification of food in soil, construction of nests, etc,etc. Do you wish to have a short lecture on their mental abilities and the evolutionary link from dinosaurs to birds?”
“Not right now!” said Jake eased back the regulator still more until the engine was barely creeping along. He looked across at Alaric. They would both be fully entranced, seeing things, hearing things, believing whatever the wizard wanted them to believe. They were already hearing a train that wasn’t there! The wizard would command them to stop the train and they would not be able to resist. He would send some shocking monster to capture them and drag them to his castle for torture and enslavement! In fact, since they would both believe whatever the wizard wanted them to believe torture would not necessary. It would just be basic enslavement! Drudgery, cleaning the castle toilets!
Jake decided to inform Alaric of the coming enslavement, mainly to get a reaction of fear and horror from the elf who always seemed to be confident and cocky.
“We are approaching a Definitely Enchanted Area and we will both be enslaved by the wizard! We will have to clean the castle lavatories for ever!” he reported, raising his voice over the thunder of the engine and the roaring wind.
“There is no hope! The wizard hates us because you sent FIDO to attack his castle!”



Chapter 8
The Illusion


However, Alaric failed to respond with fear, shock and horror. Instead he said: “Tell FIDO to report to the engine! Reduce speed immediately!” Jake eased back the regulator until the engine was barely moving forward. Jake was about to repeat the order via his wrist communicator when CLEO said: “FIDO is on his way!” As usual, she could apparently hear everything that was going on. He never had any privacy and his executive powers were constantly abused! She was even taking instructions from Alaric, a weird elf who glowed in the dark!
Glowing in the dark was obviously not normal unless you were a wristwatch.
The robot appeared at a carriage door and swung himself onto the connection between the tender and the carriage. FIDO climbed onto the tender, stretched out one arm to an impossible length and slammed the carriage door shut. He now appeared at the tender aperture.
“FIDO awaiting orders!” he said.
He sounded like a scratchy radio recording. Suddenly Jake noticed that the railway track had doubled and was now shiny, as if constantly used. Surely the track had been single and rusted? He found it difficult to remember. There were the lights of another train approaching on the parallel track. It was the first engine,apart from the one he was driving, the very first engine he had actually seen since leaving the Underground Prison Facility! The other train approached and slowed down to a snails pace. He could now see the engine clearly. He was able to instantly recognize the distinctive shape of a British A4 from his viewing of Great Locomotives of the 20th century. A streak! The streak approached and he saw the number 031 and the name Flying Dutchman! The loco passed slowly, shapely curved sides glinting in the moonlight. The driver, a wizened gnome smiled and waved as he passed. The train consisted of nine red carriages. Each carriage carried a nameplate The Flying Dutchman.
“That is an odd name!” said Alaric.” The Flying Dutchman?”
“I will look it up in my ABC once we stop!” said Jake. “The important thing is that I have copped The Flying Dutchman! After Spitfire it is my second real cop! An A4! A streak! We should stop the train at that station ahead. CLEO can arrange a celebration.”
They could see a station ahead. Unlike previous derelicts, this station was brightly lit and apparently in full working order. There were passengers waiting.
Alaric suddenly spoke again. “FIDO! Assume control of this engine and do not stop the train in any circumstances. Do not accept any further instructions from myself or Prince Jake until the train has completed a distance of 5 klicks from this point. Do not allow Prince Jake or myself to leave the train in any circumstance!” His voice tailed off and he looked puzzled.
“Orders will be obeyed at all times without question!” said FIDO.
He picked up Jake with one metal arm and deposited him in the tender! Jake reacted with amazement. FIDO was attacking him! Wasn’t that a clear violipation (violation)of the first law of robotics? Thou shalt not attack the Boss? Could he phone the Robo Cops? FIDO then repeated the process, picking up a dazed looking Alaric and depositing him next to Jake in the empty coal tender.
Finally, the golden robot climbed into the drivers seat, clamping one metal hand on the regulator and another on the brake.
“What are you doing!” screeched Jake, “You crazy robot!”
He yelled to the cab at large: “FIDO has gone mad! He’s lost his marbles! He’s blown his cool! He is shell shocked!”
He lunged forward with the intention of wresting the robots hand from the regulator. As he reached forward, one robotic arm clamped around his upper body so that he could not move. In the face of vastly superior force, Jake stopped struggling. He peered ahead through the viewing aperture. They were slowly approaching a brightly lit station.
He could see a sign: Kings Cross, Terminus.
“It’s a terminus!” he screamed. “Terminus! The end of the line. We will crash! We will be derailed! This train will be wrecked! We will be boiled in live steam and trapped under tons of weight! We must stop!” Alaric made no reply but simply stared out of the side window like someone in a trance.
They chugged slowly into a brightly lit station. The train was grinding forward at a fast walking pace. They passed a stationmaster who doffed his top hat. Oddly, he had the face of a gnome with a brown, wrinkled visage. His leering smile showed rows of brown, cracked, discolored teeth. The waiting passengers were also a peculiar bunch. Two of them looked like dogs standing upright and dressed in old fashioned clothes. Jake could clearly see their paws! Another waiting “passenger” seemed to be some kind of preacher in a black hat and a black robe. with a white collar. As they drew alongside it became apparent that the “preacher” had the face of a wombat! with hairy legs, no pants and no shoes. A “porter” was dressed in a black uniform. He was wearing a peaked hat and standing by a pile of luggage. He had a bright green frog face.
As they passed the “porter” actually croaked!
“Very odd!” said Alaric slowly.
He seemed unable to concentrate his mind.
“The porter appears to be a frog!”
They were gradually running down the platform.
Ahead, the line appeared to end at a set of buffers.
“Let’s jump off now!” said Jake, “We’ll crash into the buffers, be derailed and killed!” He screamed: FIDO! Release me now! I am The Boss! Release the Boss! Remember the good times we had train spotting together! Release your good and kindly boss!”
There was no response from the robot who maintained his implacable grip around Jake’s body. Jake leaned sideways out of the cab and shouted to the occupants of the platform: “This train is not under the control of its real driver! I am not to blame for the crash! This train has been hi jacked by a robo criminal! Please inform Railway Magazine of this sensational event!”
The train chugged slowly down the track.
Despite the robots grip, Jake was still able to see through the drivers window. He stared in horror as the train bore down on the buffers. Jake’s lesson on the importance of buffers raced into his mind. Buffers must be approached slowly and carefully and the engine must stop a short distance before the buffers are reached! A light contact with buffers may be made but if there is any heavy contact above and beyond the ability of the buffers to absorb the shock…the engine and any attached coach or trucks will crash through and may plunge into a canyon or a river!
The official warning ended at that point but Jake’s own imagination continued….. there would be the dreadful sound of a screaming engine falling to eternity! Rescue squads would find maimed, burned, battered bodies! Then he would be on TV again! Alien killed in a horror train smash! The UFO group would take his body for examination and might find out that he was human apart from his alien ears! Alaric’s body was definitely alien! It would cause some confectiture (conjecture). Of course, the elf might simply vanish before impact, returning to elf land via some kind of magical link? FIDO would shatter into metal parts, which was a fair reward for his criminal action in hijacking a train. The dwarves would be crushed like sardines and CLEO would be vaporized! That was probably the only positive in the whole dreadful situation. At least CLEO would be finally shut up! . Everything was about to vanish in one almighty bang! The train could not be stopped. It was too late! His personal robot had fused some kind of internal safety circuit and was hell Jaket on destroying the train!



Chapter 9
Last Will & Testicles


Then, to Jake’s absolute amazement, the “buffers” suddenly vanished and the track reverted to its original form. It instantly became a rusty railway line heading through open country.
The entire “station” winked out of existence.
Slowly, Jake recovered his wits. The “station” was not real. It was a magical illusion generated by the wizard. Next to him, Alaric also came out of his daze and shook his head.
“A powerful spell!” said the elf. “Fortunately, not a spell that affected the positronic brain of a robot! It only affected our normally reliable organic mental apparatus!” FIDO still had one hand on the regulator and brake, with one hyper extended arm clamped around Jake.
“FIDO!” said Alaric. “You may now release Jake!”
“I am unable to comply! We have not completed a distance of 5 klicks from the point at which you issued your instruction!” said the robot. “Your order was clear and direct. You order was: Do not accept any further instructions from myself or Prince Jake until the train has completed a distance of 5 klicks from this point. We have only completed 3.5 klicks from that point.”
The train puffed on. “Release me now!” cried Jake. “I am now in full possession of my faculties. I am The Boss! I am the authorized driver.”
The robot ignored him and continued to gaze down the track.
In desperation Jake called CLEO on his wrist communicator. “CLEO! CLEO! FIDO has assumed control of the locomotive and will not allow me to drive! I am the driver! I am a trained locomotive driver! I am The Boss! He is an untrained robot!
“He was ordered to relinquish control once the train had traveled five klicks from the position of the previous order!” said CLEO. “That position will be reached in a short time. Your training is not material. FIDO has full programming in respect to driving a locomotive. Robots are not inferior to organic beings such as yourself! In a recent lecture it was stated that robotic lifeforms are the next link in the evolutionary chain—a superior link that will move from organic beings to more capable instruments!”
Alaric looked amused.
“Once we reach the Multiverse Railway Station CLEO may be able to execute a new option!” he said. “CLEO and FIDO can remain and take charge of this planet! But which of them is the actual next link in the evolutionary chain? Will it be a robot or a computer? Will FIDO still report to CLEO? Or will he rebel and blow her up with one of his bombs! CLEO should compute that worrying possibility!”
While CLEO computed Possible Future Management Problems With Robot FIDO the train continued to proceed slowly down the track. FIDO suddenly released his grip on Jake. Without a word, the robot stood up from the driving seat, climbed back over the tender, opened a door with one impossibly extended arm and disappeared into the carriage.
The engine continued to move forward.
Jake climbed back into his seat and turned up the regulator. Under the control of a proper, trained driver the engine immediately responded. The staccato beat of the exhaust sharpened and speed began to increase. The sound of wheels running over lengths of rail was almost hypnotic, although fortunately not as hypnotic as the wizards powerful spells. They were still steaming down the line towards Yea. They came to another deserted station. For a change this one still had a sign announcing itself as Homewood. Jake decided to stop the train and repair to the carriage for a strengthening cup of herbal tea. He wound down the regulator, applied the brake and brought the train to a screeching halt. The place where they halted appeared to have been abandoned many years ago. The platform itself was cracked. The roots of a nearby tree protruded through the bitumen. The track, which stretched ahead towards Yea was overgrown with tall weeds waving in the breeze. The engine stood blowing steam from its safety valve. “I thought we might go back to the carriage and have a cuppa?” said Jake, responding to Alaric. “We should also check on the dwarves to see how they were affected by the magical illusion.” The two stepped off the loco and walked down the weedy platform to the carriage. They opened the door to a barrage of shrieks and a thick blue haze of baccy smoke. The dwarves had just completed another round of their apparently endless card game.
They were now getting set for: “The Championship Round.” This basically meant that Little Sam would bet all his winnings—which again included everything the two older dwarves had previously owned - against the two older dwarves hats!
Such a bet represented a truly monumental wager. A dwarvish conical hat represents its owners personal life story. The cunningly woven threads give full details of his bank account, his income tax returns, his birth certificate, his blood type and which sporting teams he barracked for. As Jake and Alaric came into the carriage, along with a blast of cold air, the dwarves stopped the game and sat looking enquiringly at them. “What’s up then?” asked Stumpy. “Come in for a warm?” It appeared that the illusion had not troubled the dwarves.
The hypnotisignnoredm had been simply ignored due to the ongoing pressure of playing a game of highly competitive Stuff It! Grumpy said casually: “Wanna join the game?” This last question was undoubtedly motivated by guile— the chance to fleece two innocent newcomers before they got as good as Little Sam (who, despite his youth had proven to be an expert player, well deserving of the title Stuff It card sharp.)Alaric answered: “We have no time for cards—we have just popped in for a quick cuppa before continuing the journey.” FIDO appeared with five cups of Travellers Elvish Brew -- the tea that makes your hair stand on end.
The card game stopped as the dwarves eagerly took the cups of that fabulous refreshing brew. They all drank appreciatively and Jake felt a surge of new inner warmth and vigour. The chill and fright of the previous hours vanished.
Jake was now full of good cheer. The comm device on his wrist felt heavy and he decided to remove it. He put it on the table and then pulled down his pack to retrieve his new ABC.
There was a sudden knock on the carriage door.
Immediately, the door opened and the tall figure of a railway inspector climbed into the coach. The Inspector smiled pleasantly, showing rows of even white teeth. He wore an old fashioned railway uniform. A black peaked cap crowned with a silver badge, announced the wearer as Victorian Railways Inspector General.
The Inspector General carried a battered leather satchel strapped around his chest. He also wore a white beard which ended in a point just above his neatly knotted tie.
He seemed vaguely familiar. Jake caught the smell of Old Splash after-shave along with a strange musty aroma that seemed to suggest marsh and fog. The inspector stood over the table seating the party. He produced a glowing jewel on the end of a chain and began to spin it in a slow circle as he spoke. “Tickets please, I must see your tickets!”
“We haven’t got tickets!” said Jake. “This is a private train.”
“You cannot travel to Yea without tickets!” said the inspector in a droning voice.
He continued to spin the jewel slowly. It glowed and spun with a peculiar hypnotic aura. Jake suddenly felt drowsy. The jewel seemed to be getting larger. It filled the whole coach with a light which drew him…drew him in…. a land where there were no worries and nothing mattered, nothing at all….
Next to him Alaric was also staring in a glassy, wide eyed way at the jewel and his head drooped as he sank down to the table. Shortly Jake’s eyes closed and he fell into a deep trance. Stumpy and Grumpy were already well entranced and snoring. Little Sam was gazing at the jewel, with his eyes wide open.
Shortly he also toppled over. Abruptly, the “inspector” put the jewel back into his pocket and opened a nearby carriage door. A pack of trolls stood around a small cart. “Get in!” hissed the “Inspector.” “Load these mongrels onto the cart and take them to the castle!”
He indicated Jake and Alaric. The pack of hideous trolls streamed aboard the train. All the trolls reeked of dreadful Troll Body Odour (TBO+) supplemented by Troll Underarm Stink (TUS ++). In seconds the entire carriage reeked. But while smelly, the trolls were also efficient. The recumJaket forms of Jake and Alaric were quickly carried out through the open carriage door and loaded onto a handcart. Jake and Alaric slumped in the handcart like two limp marionettes.
“Go, go, go!” shouted the Inspector, ripping off his uniform and hat. This action revealed his undergarments - a kind of combo vest and underpants (an item of clothing not in general use nowadays.) The “Inspector” disguise had not allowed the wizard to wear his star covered shirt and his magical cloak. In addition, he was not carrying his magic enabling spell staff (or M E S S.)
The lack of this item was to prove critical in upcoming events.
Under menacing looks from the wizard, who looked as if he had just got out of bed and was not in a good mood, the trolls fled. They pushed a rough cart mounted on a pair of old bike wheels. They rattled off down a pitted pathway leading west. The trolls faced a long trek while the recumJaket cargo of Jake and Alaric faced a very bleak future.
The wizard was about to leave the carriage and the slumbering dwarves when he suddenly spotted FIDO.
The robot was calmly washing dishes in his tiny galley. “YOU!” screeched the wizard. “You castle wrecking rotten mechanical creep! You beastly armored tramp! You fiendish nig nog! I will use a giant tin opener to extract you from your armor! I will hang you from the gibbets! I will roast your parts in boiling oil! I will reduce you to molecules—nay! Less than molecules! You will become a vacuum!” FIDO simply ignored the wizard and continued calmly washing up the dishes. He proceeded slowly and methodically, removing every last crumb and smear, ensuring that the dishes would be perfect for the next programmed meal.
The wizard took this badly. He was not used to being ignored. In his own domain, his slightest whisper brought instant action.
The wizards anger was rapidly becoming incandescent!
CLEO was listening and watching events via Jake’s comm unit, which was standing on the table. Although not entirely familiar with wizards, CLEO used digital reasoning to deduce: a) Jake and Alaric had fallen asleep and had been removed by force b) The dwarves had also fallen asleep c) Both events were strange as it was not yet bed time d) Robot FIDO was being threatened

Of course, the robot was well able to defend himself. He was equipped with a wide range of weapons. But the use of such arms inside the carriage was not advisable. There was the threat of collateral damage and possibly fatal results to the contents of Jake’s backpack (ie CLEO.)
CLEO issued a radio command audible only to FIDO.
“FIDO! Assume military mode. Exit via the nearest door. Move to the far edge of the platform and light up using all lights at full power! Assume insulting posture No 12 (a). When the person facing you tries to use physical force, run away. Allow the person to make chase! Use more insulting postures as required in order to ensure that he continues to chase you. Once he is almost exhausted find a suitable site and cause him to fall into the river! Return for instructions. GO!”
The robots eyes gleamed red. Like a streak of metal lightening he shot across the carriage, brushed past the shocked wizard and vanished through the still open carriage door. The wizard let out a bellow of rage and climbed down after him. FIDO was now standing at the far edge of the platform. He suddenly lit up like a Christmas tree and stuck out a metal tongue! Next he made that uncommonly rude sound known as a raspberry. The wizard was now beside himself with fury. He set off towards the robot. FIDO waited until the wizard was almost on him then turned and loped slowly down the railway track. The wizard followed, attempting to recall spell No 352, an incantation which would, in theory, disable any robot. FIDO was moving quite slowly and carrying lights which made him completely visible. The wizard was rapidly gaining when the robot suddenly vanished into thick bush. Recklessly, the wizard ran after him, forgetting his lack of a staff and relying totally on a string of incantations.
His spells had no effect at all on the robot. FIDO simply ran, waited until the wizard puffed back into view and then did a rude V gesture, waving two fingers of his hand (insulting motion 13.) Robot and pursuer ran on until they were both deep in the bush. Suddenly the robots light vanished. Crashing noises continued ahead. The wizard ran on blindly, shouting what would normally be potent spells. They had no effect at all.
Shortly the wizard came to a deep river, with a metal bridge stretching over it. The sounds of the robot running appeared to continue on the other side of the bridge. Without hesitation, the wizard ran onto the bridge. As he reached the centre section, the “bridge” suddenly telescoped into itself! It revealed the form of FIDO, rigidly extended and clinging to a bush on the far bank.
The wizard attempted to hang on but the shiny metal offered no purchase. Despite his frenzied attempt to use a levitation spell the wizard fell headlong into the river. He was carried downstream by the fast current. FIDO then leapt back across the river and ran back to the train. He was still in Military Mode, a status revealed by his glowing red eyes and astonishing speed. FIDO reentered the carriage and said: “Mission complete. I await new instructions.”
CLEO was attempting to decide on a course of action based on digital reasoning. Alaric and Jake had gone off with the trolls. Neither had given any instructions. However, they both appeared to be asleep and an appropriate program indicated that when asleep they both should be in bed.
Conclusion. They should be collected and put to bed.
The train could then resume its journey while they slept. “Advance down the track on the far side of the railway. Locate a handcart!” said CLEO. “Disable the trolls propelling the cart. Pick up Jake and Alaric and return them to their bunks. Following this, put the three dwarves into their bunks. Cover each sleeper with a blanket. Then assume normal operating mode before taking control of the locomotive and proceeding to Yea! On arrival at the station, stop the train and await orders! Proceed now!”
Again, on full emergency power, the robot shot out through the carriage door and set off down the pathway. The trolls had managed about a half mile and were trudging along slowly when the frightening golden metallic figure of the robot appeared. FIDO’s eyes were glowing in full military killing mode. The trolls turned to face the robot. “Resistance is futile!” said FIDO in a deep, booming voice. “Leave now or be destroyed in five seconds.four seconds..three seconds.”
Before the robot could say two seconds the trolls were fleeing down the track in a wild panic. FIDO picked up the unconscious forms of Jake and Alaric, tenderly tucking one under each arm. He ran back up the track at maximum speed, re-entered the carriage and put the two bodies onto seats which served as beds. He covered each form with a blanket and tucked them in carefully. Finally, he put the three dormant dwarves to bed, each with a blanket.
FIDO then switched down from military mode. His eyes resumed their normal yellow glow. The robot exited the carriage, climbed up into the stationary engine, retracted the brake lever and opened the steam regulator. The engine snorted and puffed steam vigorously, generating an impressive wheel spin. FIDO eased back the regulator and applied a blast of sand to the contact area between wheels and rails. As he reapplied steam the driving wheels bit and the engine began to move, hissing gouts of white steam.
The engine accelerated as the robot opened the regulator.
Soon the train was once again heading toward Yea, wheels thrumming and steam hissing from the cylinders.



Chapter 10
Abnormal sleep


The train arrived at Yea station about an hour before dawn. The passengers all appeared to be sleeping peacefully and were left in their bunks as FIDO shunted the train into a siding. A row of derelict mail vans stood on one siding and obscured the steam train from view. FIDO turned off the control of the nuclear fire bar and allowed the locomotive to cool.
The sky began to lighten as dawn broke.
Yea station began to appear in detail as the light strengthened. The booking office was boarded up. Doors leading to the goods office and a waiting room were also sealed. A number of birds were nesting under the platform canopy. Toilets marked Ladies and Gentlemen were barred and locked behind metal grilles. As the sun rose to fully illuminate the old yellow brick buildings, the station seemed to be slumbering.
It seemed to be patiently waiting, waiting for some miraculous railway revival.
What had been a small garden in the centre of the down main platform, lovingly tended by the past station master was now a mass of rampant, tangled creeper. The overgrown area was spilling over the cracked bitumen. In time it might over power the entire station, which would vanish into legend.
Spitfire was parked next to a watering point which was still operational despite many years of inactivity. FIDO unshipped a canvas hose, opened the water aperture in the tender and operated the equipment. The robot conducted himself with his usual perfect precision, cutting off the gushing flow of water when it filled the tender to the required level. FIDO returned to the carriage and climbed aboard. After a short stint of floor mopping and general vacuum cleaning the robot entered “sleep” mode and stood inside his galley in a semi sentient condition, conserving power.
Computer CLEO was busy checking transmissions from UFO Command. Although the conversations were scrambled to stop unauthorized spying, CLEO had no difficulty in breaking the code.
The computer recorded a scrambled conversation at 7.22 am.
“This is General Galoshes at UFO Command in Darwin! Colonel Viljoen, we now have a report of a ghost train! It goes nicely with your report of an elf attacking apatrol unit and then vanishing . Have all your people gone crazy?”
Colonel Viljoen: “No, sir, we have not gone crazy, sir! The ghost train, was hidden by some kind of alien device. One alien attacked ourvehicle causing severe damage and casualties. One NCO and two soldiers are e still confined to hospital. When the train left, the track behind it was treated with some kind of acid which madethe track look rusted. We were alerted originally by a Q signal which has led us to a house in Kingswood Drive where we believe the liens had an underground lair. The entrance is inside an oak tree, cunningly camouflaged with tree bark.There is a steel door, which we have cut open We have established that the oak tree is hollow. Inside the trunk there are horizontal barriers. We have not so far been able to penetrate the barriers despite using high powered lasers. Our technicians are doing the best they can in very trying circumstances. Dr Doddles is in command of the investigation.”
General Galoshes: “Well, continue looking into the tree and find out what you can. I suppose we can ignore this “ghost train” rubbish.
Colonel Viljoen: “General, with respect,I do not feel we can discount the reports of a mystery train. There is a disused railway which runs from Lilydale to Healesville and then on to Mansfield. We inspected the track but it appeared to be disused. In fact it had been rusted by chemical means.The aliens are traveling on the railway! They are now travelling by train over a prepared escape route. They have some kind of alien device which causes the train to become invisible and inaudible when needed.”
General Galoshes: “Escaping down a railway on an invisible train! That’s ridiculous! Why wouldn’t they use a UFO or some kind of advanced alien transport? Your hypothesis is balderdash! We should close this file and move on! We can blame the events on an underground gas leak,”
Colonel Viljoen: “General, sir. I respectfully suggest that the file should not be closed. The aliens had a train hidden as an emergency transport reserve. They have some kind of alien device which makes the train invisible. I recommend that we put in an ambush somewhere between Yea and Mansfield. We will remove a section of rail so they cannot pass. We will wire the rails ahead of the ambush point with motion sensors so we will know when the invisible train arrives! We will force the aliens to surrender. We will seize alien hardware! Alien hardware! We will have no further trouble getting funding!”
There was a long pause.
General Galoshes: “It seems highly unlikely, Colonel. All your ideas are wild guesses. Why would they use a train on a deserted line?”
Colonel Viljoen: “Sir, .they may be spies! They may well be an advance party of a main force which intends to invade and turn us all into slaves?”
General Galoshes: “I have to agree that one explanation of these strange events is the possibility that aliens were spying and are planned to invade!”Colonel, you acted absolutely correctly under UFO Rule 12, para 5 (b) Arrest of aliens and considerations thereof. Now, let me think for a moment. I suppose there is still a chance that we can actually catch these devils with their alien high tech? Very well, lay on an ambush at a point of your choice somewhere down the railway line. But don’t let the media hear of this.”
The message was duly recorded by CLEO. As Jake and Alaric were asleep it was not passed on.
Outside the train, the old railway station remained deserted. The elves and dwarves slept on. Finally, daylight began to fade. FIDO started preparing hot drinks and a meal for the travelers.
The robot checked the carriage blinds and switched on the interior lights. But there was no response from the sleepers. FIDO informed CLEO that a meal was ready but that the travelers were still asleep. CLEO responded by telling FIDO to generate a variety of loud sound effects along with a light show. The robot duly lit up with a remarkable display of multi colored lights. Then he generated the sound of a massive foghorn which blew at intervals of 15 seconds for 10 minutes. The entire carriage vibrated from the massive sound but there was no response from the sleeping figures. Next, the robot generated the sound of coins falling into a metal pan.
This effect was selected by CLEO in the hope that it would at least rouse the dwarves.



Chapter 11
Doctor from MARS


But nothing disturbed the slumbering figures. CLEO decided that her charges were in a hypnotic trance which might only be broken or released by a practicing anti hypnotist.
But a rapid search of data files revealed no listings in the Yea area. The computer then scanned through many gigs of data, searching for an anti hypnotist located anywhere. She finally found a name. The Eminent Anti Hypnotist Dr Lao Sao Mao Tse Tung. Dr Tung was shown as resident on MARS. A note stated that: “MARS is a (Magical Acolyte Recovery Station) a special mental hospital facility located on an asteroid in Universe One. It is funded by E Base.”
CLEO immediately z-waved the number and enquired if Dr Tung could make a house call ?
The call was successful. Dr Tung was willing to visit Earth.
About ten minutes after CLEO’s call, the doctor arrived on the railway platform. His arrival coincided with in a flash of brilliant purple light accompanied by a clap of thunder. He had transferred directly from MARS using a personal, pocket sized matter transmitter.
Dr Tung was a smallish man, with definite Asiatic features. He was dressed in a tailored black suit, a shirt without a collar and a black hat with a narrow brim. Long oiled pigtails stretched down over his back. Carrying a small black bag, the doctor stepped lightly across the platform.
He arrived at a carriage door. He knocked and was admitted by FIDO. The doctor did not appear to be at all put out by the sight of a golden robot opening the carriage door.
He merely asked if he might see his patients.
FIDO indicated the sleeping dwarves and elves. The doctor then asked: “Have the patients consumed something which may cause them to lose consciousness? Are they intoxicated? Zonked out? Loopy?”
In his gravelly voice, FIDO replied to the negative.
“What has caused them to become hypnotised?” said the doctor.
FIDO replied. “Man with equipment stolen from this train.”
The doctor then took the pulses of each patient. His method involved taking three pulses simultaneously. His long, slender fingers covered an area from the base of the hand to a position on each patients forearm. However, the pulses apparently gave him very little information as to the cause of malaise. The doctor remarked that all five patients appeared to be in good health, apart from the fact that they were all currently unconscious!
The doctor then opened his black bag and produced a small, metal globe. He placed the globe on the table and proceeded to rub a wooden stick around the circumference of the globe. This action generated a strange, whining noise which grew in volume until the entire interior of the carriage seemed to vibrate. The globe generated an overwhelming volume of sound.
The three dwarves sat up, mumbling incoherently.
“Good evening,” said Dr Tung politely. “I am Dr Lao Sao Mao Tse Tung I am normally a resident physician in the MARS special recovery facility. I was originally a patient there myself! Many years ago I was incarnate on this very planet, Earth, Planet three, Solar System. Alas, I had an insatiable lust for four things, money, power, the use of magical spells and the consumption of pickled eggs! This latter delicacy eventually caused my demise. My body eventually grew to a huge size and exploded! Exactly like a bicycle tyre explodes when subject to too much pressure. One minute rolling along, the next second Boom! A shocking mess! On leaving my body I was transported to the Magical Automated Recovery Services or the MARS faculty, for treatment. MARS is funded by E Base, which is why your party got priority service.But enough of my affairs! It appears that you have all been hypnotized by a trainee wizard. We currently have him on our hospital waiting list. He is Alfred Garret, a top link steam engine driver. May I suggest that you have a meal while I attend to your companions?”
The dwarves all moved over to a table and began eating. The doctor now inserted a number of acupuncture needles into various areas of the two sleeping bodies.
He vibrated some needles but there was no response.
“Acupuncture has failed!” said the doctor. “I will now try moxibustion.”
He placed small jars over various body parts. Each jar appeared to contain some kind of burning material. The jars left bright red circular marks when removed. But there was no other response.
“This is certainly a deep enchantment,” said the doctor.”Very deep. I suspect that an ancient, powerful hypnotic stone known as Volcano has been used.”
“Can anything be done?” asked CLEO. Her tinny voice came from a case on the luggage rack.
The doctor did not reply. Instead he stroked his chin and stood deep in thought.
Finally he asked: “Where is the young lady who summoned me?”
“I am here!” said CLEO. “I asked you to visit this train!”
“Why are you hiding in the luggage?” said the Doctor.
“I am not hiding, doctor! My hardware is resident inside the travel pack above your head,” said CLEO. “I am computer CLEO. Do you wish to have a computation carried out? Or do you wish me to conduct a library search on any medical matter? I have access to the contents of 213,152,453 books of medical data and I am able to cross reference any item in order to provide a balanced view.”
“Well, computer CLEO! I would certainly love to employ you as my receptionist and general assistant,” said the Doctor. “Computers were unknown in my time on earth although there was a myth that a computing machine had been constructed in the third century, BC. In any event, I never required a computer because I was adept with my abacus! But for the moment, computer CLEO, I merely require your assistance to get this train back to the point of contact with the wizard. He must be confronted. He and his stone Volcano must be vanquished .He may be victorious, in which case we will be enslaved.”
CLEO immediately instructed FIDO to raise steam and reverse the train back to the previous stopping point. The computer instructed Little Sam to operate the I/I device.
This made the train invisible and inaudible until they were clear of Yea. In a short time the train was backing out of the station and rumbling down the deserted railway. Once t hey were clear of Yea, Little Sam was told to turn off the I?I device. The usual engine noises returned. Eventually they reached Homewood station some 5 miles down the line towards Healesville. Dawn was breaking as the train screeched to a stop with its safety valve blowing off steam. Dr Tung left the carriage and walked up the platform to the engine. He told FIDO to leave the heating device switched on at
Minimum heat. The robot was to then wait inside the carriage.
The doctor returned to the carriage interior.
Jake and Alaric still lay entranced.
“Should we contact the wizard to ensure he comes here?” asked Little Sam. “If he doesn’t know we are here he will not come.”
Dr Tung was now enjoying a cup of Elvish tea prepared by Stumpy. “I do not believe it will be necessary to make contact with the wizard,” said Dr Tung. “He will be informed of our arrival. He has this entire neighborhood enslaved! Many formerly honest, hard working citizens have been enchanted. They are now compelled to act as his eyes and ears. We will simply wait..”



Chapter 12
Eve of Battle


In fact, it took almost an hour for the wizard to learn of the train’s arrival. He was finally alerted by a watchman dressed as a centaur. The centaur had originally been a horse riding instructor. He had made the error of shouting a curse at the wizard when that individuals speeding bike had narrowly missed running into a party of student horse riders. Taking offence at the rebuke, the wizard had muttered something about cheeky horse types. He then hypnotized the riding instructor and put him into a centaur costume. The bottom half of the instructor’s body now appeared to be a horse. The horses head had vanished and was replaced by a human head and torso.
The torso was dressed in a white polo shirt bearing the initials EFA on the chest.
Unfortunately, the centaur was now only able to communicate by neighing. Yet, like many enchanted beings in the PEA,the centaur was intensely loyal to the wizard. To alert the wizard in respect to the train’s arrival, the centaur/instructor ran backwards at full pelt across 40 km of woods and fields. He traveled backwards to avoid losing sight of the train since he had been ordered to watch closely! He was, of course, unable to see the train after covering ½ km but this fact did not register on his hypnotized brain. On arrival, he charged into the castle courtyard and neighed 3 times.
This was a prearranged signal indicating that the train was in his area of watch.
His immediate reward was a pile of raw carrots from the castle kitchen.
The wizard was exceedingly pleased when he heard the train had returned. After some thought, he reached the conclusion that one of his spells had affected robot FIDO.
The wizard reasoned that FIDO must have acted as the train driver because the other occupants of the train were all entranced. One of the spells must have forced the robot to reverse the train and return! “It was almost certainly the old Reverse and Return spell 27!” the wizard, chuckling to himself. chortled. “I must have uttered it while chasing that metal man! I may have fallen into the river, had to swim and then climb out. But this new event actually proves that everything was actually under my power! The robot has been forced to drive the train back here! Even when I seem to lose I actually win!!! How incredibly potent and wonderful I am! Now the metal man has returned and I can deal with him at my leisure. I will also collect the two valuable elves lost by incompetent trolls! And those dwarves who will be good for working in the mine.”
The megalomaniac wizard rubbed his hands together. He was sitting in a well appointed lounge inside his castle. He had dried off after his unplanned immersion in the river and was now fully dressed in ceremonial robes, black pants, black boots and a somewhat grey shirt which had not been well laundered.
His outfit was completed by a high conical hat emblazoned with stars and moons. His staff stood nearby, waiting for action.
“I must prepare fully for this encounter!” said the wizard. “This time I will be ready for anything. I will take a full crew of ground troops! Twenty trolls, fully armed. For air power I will assemble a squadron of thunderclouds! I enslaved several black clouds last week. They are primed and ready, lusting to release a deluge! And finally I will have massive naval might! I will alert ten crocodiles from the lower pool! They may be only half tamed but they will suffice. In any case, my magic stone, Volcano could probably do this job without assistance. But I love to win! And win I will!”
He stood up and inspected himself in the mirror. “Most impressive!” he said, picking up his staff. He felt inside a pocket and pulled out the glowing stone Volcano He had already used it to hypnotize the elves and dwarves when he made his first visit to the railway train, disguised as a railway ticket inspector.
But now he would not be disguised. He would be resplendent in full majesty! He moved to his wall safe and removed a box like object covered in knobs and dials. It was a Dopplegang Convertor, a machine which he had acquired from the train! The wizard now leaned out of the window and pointed the box at five trolls lounging in the courtyard. He pressed a switch. Immediately the five trolls popped out of sight, to be replaced by ten trolls.
He repeated the process, generating twenty trolls.
“Should I carry on until I have forty trolls?” said the wizard, speaking to himself. He thought for a moment. “No! I can create more trolls on the battlefield if needed. Twenty trolls is plenty trolls!”
The wizard picked up a megaphone and leaned out of the window. He bellowed: “Trolls! Draw battle clubs! Report to the helivan!”
He now looked into a polished crystal globe which he used as a communication device. The globe immediately focused on a group of small black clouds which were circling overhead.
“Storm clouds! Follow the helivan when it moves! Then hover ready to attack a train!” roared the wizard. Finally, he adjusted the globe until it showed crocodiles circling in a dark river pool.
“Crocs! It is time for war!” cried the .wizard. “Proceed upstream to where the chuff chuff is standing. Wait there for action!”
Because crocs are not very erudite and only understand simple words the wizard used the term “chuff chuff” to describe the steam engine standing at Homewood station.
Carrying his dopplegang converter, which he might need if reinforcements were required, the wizard strode to the helivan. It was parked on the castle forecourt. A leprechaun in a pair of filthy overalls stood by the helivan, holding a spanner. The leprechaun had originally been a garage owner in Coldstream.
Unfortunately, as the garage operator he had made a mistake. He had attempted to charge the wizard for a tire repair on the wizard’s motorbike. His attempt had failed.
He had not been paid but he had been enchanted.
He was now a mechanic in a leprechaun costume. He believed he was a leprechaun.
“She is now running well, boss.” said the leprechaun as the wizard arrived. “Due to the rocket blast, there was a nasty oil leak in the transmission! I have repaired it. I still need time. May I ask a small favor? Boss, if you let me go home to my missus I will give you anything in my shop plus five years profits.”
The wizard glowered down at the small figure of the leprechaun He spoke haughtily. “There is nothing that I want from your dingy little shop! You are my slave forever as a result of your cheek in demanding payment for a simple service! You are now aware that you should have asked me to graciously receive your gift offering! Well, you did not make a gift offering! You demanded money! Money! Money! Money! For a simple puncture repair! Appalling! Get back to work!”
The wizard brushed past the leprechaun and clambered up into the drivers seat. He put the dopplegang convertor onto the co-pilots seat. The trolls, each carrying a heavy battle club studded with nails, had already clambered into the back of the machine and settled on the seats. The overhead rotor and the propeller spun into life together.
Alone in the cockpit the wizard reviewed his plans.
He would first shoot a paralyzing spell at the metal man while he was himself still safely in the air. The wizard shook himself mentally! He should never worry because he was invincible! He said the invincible mantra several times: I am invincible! He added his second mantra: I am a Master Genius! The invincible master genius then reviewed his plans. The metal man would be frozen solid and unable to move. He would stand like a horrible metal statue! He would under the total command of an invincible master genius wizard! With the mechanical rubbish out of the way the wizard would land his helivan. The dwarves and elves would definitely still be entranced with the deep spell he had used previously. His trolls could then drag out the whole bunch and load them into the helivan, ready for transit to the dungeons!
The train itself could be left for future investigation. The Master Genius Wizard would fly back home with his trophies.
It was a fine plan, in fact a plan made by a genius who was invincible!
Now, the invincible genius was ready! He switched on his intercom. His amplified voice blared out into the compartment behind. “Trolls! This is the moment you have been eagerly awaiting! You will be glorious in battle! Triumph awaits you! You are under the command of a Master Genius!!!! Glory awaits us!! !!”
The trolls roared back approval.
The wizard pushed back his rotor control and adjusted the throttle. The helivan began to rise. The machine leveled out at about five hundred feet and began to race north towards the waiting train. After a few minutes flying, the wizard spotted a thin plume of smoke from the stationary train. The helivan stopped its forward passage and hovered. The wizard switched his intercom back on.
“Trolls! Enemy Train in Sight! Commence battle song!” The excited trolls thumped the helivan floor and sang:
“Onward trollish army,
Trolls are off to war!
Into blood and battle,
That’s what trolls adore!”
Inside the waiting train the doctor and the dwarves could hear the deep voices of the airborne corps de troll, along with the clatter of the helivan as it prepared to land. “It seems there is now much more than a mere rumor of war!” said the doctor cheerfully. “We may expect him and his cohorts to land outside quite soon. Once I have finished my excellent cup of tea I will greet him!”
Above the station, the wizard could not see FIDO but threw down a spell anyway.
“Metal man your hour has come,
I am here and you are done!”



Chapter 13
Secret Weapon


FIDO was busy inside the train preparing a special rocket.
He did not hear the spell thrown down by the wizard.
The wizard now landed his helivan in a clearing between Homewood station and the adjacent river. This was not an entirely satisfactory situation. The wizard would have preferred to occupy the high ground rather than look up to the stationary train. However, since he had overwhelming force it hardly seemed to matter. The wizard switched off the engine and ordered his trolls into position. The great heli blades slowly stopped moving. Apart from the rushing sound of the river there was only silence in the area. Twenty trolls jumped from the helivan, cavorting around and then spreading out across a field. The ground sloped away from the front of Homewood station. The fearsome creatures now stood facing the station, looking up to it as they waved clubs embedded with sharp nails. Further below, in the river behind the trolls, crocodiles circled, waiting for orders. Above, storm clouds formed a dark and dangerous sky. The wizard climbed down from his cockpit and strode to a point just below the station.
“Metal warrior!” he cried. “Kneel before your master!”
However, FIDO failed to appear.
Instead, a carriage door opened and Dr Tung stepped out. “Good day, wizard, formerly Alfred Garret, steam engine driver,retired. I am Dr Tung,” said the Doctor. “I am a resident of MARS and I am here to escort you to that place so that you may make a full recovery!”
The wizard staggered as if hit by a savage blow.
“MARS?” he croaked. “A resident of MARS? The Looney Bin for magicians? Surely there must be some mistake? I am the Master of a large and growing Empire! A follower of Chinese Guru Lao Sao Mao!”
“Alas, in my former incarnation, I was that very person,” said Dr Tung. “Some five hundred years ago, I stumbled across an ancient book of spells. The book burst into flames after I had read it! I was obliged to rewrite the spells from memory. My memory proved to be faulty! Many of my spells are useless! And my belief that any follower of my system would ascend to heaven was mistaken. It is definitely not true! On my own demise I went directly to MARS and I was put in a strait jacket for long term treatment! I have recovered and I am now a consulting doctor! I must request that you accompany me to MARS and get treatment for your horrible malaise!”
“That is incredibly selfish and hardly fair!” cried the wizard hotly. “I paid $16.50 for that book and now you tell me that many of the spells are faulty! In any event, I have no intention of going with you to MARS! How do I know you are authentic? You may be a fake! A fraud! A wizard! Stay out of my affairs! I am here to reclaim two elves plus three dwarves and anything else valuable or useful. But most of all it is my intention to catch the metal man.Where is he?”
At this point, you might assume that FIDO would appear and shoot the wizard with either a rocket or a machine gun.
But such a course underestimates the subtle guile of Dr Tung. “How dark the sky is!” said that worthy, glancing up at the clouds massed directly above. “It certainly looks like rain!”
The wizard cackled hysterically.
“It certainly does! But these are enchanted clouds as per Spell 642 (b)! They will flush you back to MARS! Storm clouds! Commence bombardment!” Five enchanted thunderclouds, which were hovering above, immediately responded to the command. Drenching torrents of water poured onto one small area of land. It was a total, absolute inundation. The rain seemed to be a solid wall of water, a cataract. However, amazingly, Dr Tung was not affected by the deluge which missed the station entirely.
He simply pointed a finger at the wizard. The torrent poured down upon the area occupied by the unfortunate wizard and his trolls. It may have been an example of sloppy spell making or the result of an error in Dr Tung’s book! Or subtle interference from Dr Tung!
There was a flash of lightning and the conical upright section of the wizard’s hat vanished in a puff of orange smoke. He was left wearing a tattered brim. The lightning strike was followed by a massive peal of angry thunder.
The wizard was now wearing only the scorched brim of the hat. What remained of his hair showed through, making a kind of furry top. His trolls had been frightened and dismayed by this display of elemental force. As a result of this fear, the doppelganger trolls vanished. They had, in a sense, died of fright, although they had never actually been alive. The wizard was left with only his original trolls. They were all demoralized by the locally inclement weather and stood shivering. But the wizard still had his potent magical staff and his marine reserve of crocodiles.
And he still had the powerful ring Volcano.
That ring was now pulsating with radiant heat so that steam rose from the pocket where it was kept.
Dr Tung looked calmly down at the sodden wizard. “I did tell you that most of the spells are faulty,” he said. “Would you not prefer a nice strait jacket and a bed in Ward Five on MARS? Recovery is unpleasant but it is far better than the options you have in terms of losing this warlike encounter.”
The wizard seemed to be thinking about this warning He removed the remains of his hat and laid his magical cloak on a fence to dry. He put his staff next to the cloak. With some effort he pulled off his long boots, shook out a stream of brackish water and set them to dry.
He was now dressed in his wet underclothes.
Dr Tung stood patiently watching, The wizard finally spoke through chattering teeth.
“Oh, m-m-m-master of evil!” he said. “Oh, h-h-h- horrid denizen of MARS! I am n-n-n- not to be moved by your cajolery! My course is set by myself, the highest force of all! I will now p-p-p-p-place a pentagram around you so that you cannot move! I will then take you captive. You will be kept in my deepest dungeon! You will rave and moan in the dark! You will survive in the meanest conditions, without f-f-f-food or water. Finally you will become a pile of bleached and whitened bones unmourned by anyone!”
The wizard waved his hands in a peculiar gesture….
Dr Tung seemed totally unconcerned by the wizard’s mad tirade. He walked forward to the fence separating the railway from the meadow below. “So much for your pentagram!” he said. “I move freely! Another load of magical rubbish!”
He addressed the trolls. “Trolls! You are being kept in captivity by this evil hypnotist. Each of you had a noble position as a ticket inspector working for Vicrail. Your honorable task was to detain passengers attempting to cheat the government and travel from place to place without a ticket! You are sorely missed! Ticket dodgers are currently running rampant ! I will now utter the Unbinding Spell so that each of you will be restored to your former self. Sllo..”
“No! No! No!” cried the wizard in horror. “They are my trolls! They will be rewarded for outstanding courage in battle by enjoying a huge feed of mince pies after I win! Trolls! Ignore this charlatan! Sing your battle anthem!”
The leading troll began swing his club and singing:
“Onward trollish army,
Trolls all go to war.”
But none of the other trolls joined in.
They were all staring at Dr Tung.
He again attempted to utter the unbinding spell: “Sllo..” The wizard drowned him out by using the megaphone attached to his helivan. “TROLLS! Kill for the love of killing!” he screamed. But only the leading troll started to move up hill towards the doctor. Even that troll stopped when Dr Tung raised one hand.
“Sllort!” shouted Dr Tung, thus reversing the original spell.
Immediately the trolls changed back into human form,. The troll uniforms were then peeled off revealing a group of sodden ticket inspectors wearing the black uniforms of that honourable craft. “Gentlemen!” cried Dr Tung. “You have been cruelly misused. Walk across the hill until your reach a gate. File through the gate and cross the line. Walk about one quarter of a mile down a pathway and you will reach a main road. After waiting for 22 minutes you will be able to catch a bus to Lilydale. Leave the bus windows open while you travel! Have a hot shower as soon as you get home”
The men walked across the hillside, crossed the railway line and vanished down an overgrown pathway.
The wizard was literally gnashing his teeth! “How dare you steal my trolls!” he said. “Very well, I have hesitated to absolutely humiliate you, but now you leave me no choice!”
He pulled the glowing red stone Volcano from his pocket and waved it at the doctor.
He immediately began to intone:
“Under my command you are,
Whether near or gone afar,
Pretty dreamer, do not weep,
Leave your troubles, go to sleep!”
On the final line he waved his hand in a gesture of finality.
Dr Tung seemed to be entirely unaffected.
He had one hand in his own pocket.
He removed his hand suddenly to display a glowing blue stone.
“Behold your nemesis, Alfred Garret!” cried the Doctor. “It is the Great Ruling Stone Ocean! Pray tell me which is the mightiest? Volcano, of the earth or Ocean, ruler of the sea?”
The two men stood motionless as the blazing stones seemed to focus on each other. Torrents of wild energy spurted from Volcano. They were immediately sucked into the Ocean stone and vanished without trace. Volcano crackled and spat, growing hotter and hotter until the wizard gave a howl of pain and dropped the stone. It rolled down the steep ground and fell into the river. There was a flash of brilliant light and a booming explosion. Volcano vanished in a cloud of steam
Inside the railway coach Jake and Alaric woke from their trance. Both felt refreshed and had no memory of the past ordeal.
Yet in the meadow below there was growing despair.
“Great Volcano is destroyed!” cried the wizard. “My treasure from the E Base cache has been destroyed! I have been sorely misled by that rotten book! But I still have my dear, dear crocodiles! Crocs! Leap the fence and attack Dr Tung!”
However, the crocs were no longer under the wizards sway. With the demise of Volcano they had immediately fallen under the rule of Ocean, the stone held by Dr Tung.
The crocs now recognized Dr Tung as The Master.
With this change in control, the wizard had now become a mere mortal to the crocs. He was now viewed as a tasty snack which was well within range. The crocodiles formed a half circle around the wizard. At first he continued to delude himself. He believed the monsters were still his subjects. Only when a croc leapt at him with its massive jaws wide open did the message finally sink home. The wizard gave a howl of absolute terror. He jumped backwards, straight over the high fence and onto the safety of the platform. It was a most remarkable jump, executed backwards without a run up. It may well be an all time Olympic record although it was not, of course, part of a formal event. But the jump proved both fortunate and unfortunate for the wizard. It saved him from becoming a crocs lunch. But as he jumped his foot caught his magical rune staff which fell from its resting place, rolled down the slope and fell into the river.
It floated downstream and has not been seen since.
The crocs were not at all impressed by the jump. They were merely frustrated. They surged forward angrily. Dr Tung waved one hand and the crocs retreated, crawling down to the river and eventually swam back to their regular lairs. The doctor put the Ocean stone back into his pocket, where it continued to emit a blue glow through the fabric.
“So!” said Dr Tung, sternly. “Here you are, Alfred Garret, failed wizard! I trust you are now ready for treatment!”
The wizard fell on his knees and began to babble. “Have mercy on a poor student, illustrious master, Dr Tung. It was that book which set me on a life of evil wizardry! I was a top link steam engine driver made redundant. That was a foul and bitter blow!”
“I might have mercy on a poverty stricken former top link team engine driver!” said Dr Tung, sarcastically. “I might even find it in my heart to excuse you and blame myself as the actual author of that accursed book you bought at the Camberwell Sunday Market. . But you are the owner of a large part of Victoria which is under your magical rule. You have enslaved many people! You own a fortified castle! You have never paid council rates or library fines! But now you are undone! At this very moment, your powers are fading! Your castle is in ruins! The PEA is rapidly contracting! And even your transport is returning to its birthplace in the nether realms!”
He indicated the helivan, parked between the river and the station. He showed Driver a blue stone. “Retrieved from your infernal machine,” he said. “It fell off and rolled up here! More stolen E Base hi tech! And anti grav universal power source. With it in my hands your helivan is now disintegrating!”
The helivan had already begun to fall apart. First, the overhead rotor sagged as if the steel was melting. Eventually, both sides of the rotor hung limply downwards and began to drip. The melting metal formed a shiny puddle. Next, the propeller and shaft began to disintegrate. Various sections split apart in a matter of seconds Finally, all that remained of the magical aircraft was a pile of debris. Then, even that vanished, swallowed by the hungry earth.
Now only a pulsing flat box remained.
“Oh!” said Dr Tung. “An alien converter! It is another E Base machine to be used in conditions of extreme duress. The machine renews itself using phlogiston and remains in working order indefinitely. I can use it to recover the field markers which you have used to mark the boundaries of your illicit realm”“
Dr Tung sent Little Sam to retrieve the converter. He twisted a knob and four metal poles appeared. He gave the box and the poles to Little Sam and told him to pack tham all inside the carriage. Then he continued his address to Alfred Garret.
“I see you used the dopplegang converter to power your strange van,” said Dr Tung. “I assume you stole it with other items from the E Base emergency packs!”
“No! I exchanged it for baccy,” said the wizard.” A fair trade!”
“Fair?” said Dr Tung. “Priceless alien equipment for a few bags of tobacco which may eventually give the users lung cancer?”
There was a pregnant pause.
Then Dr Tung continued: “However, Driver Garret you had some good karma today,” he said. “For example, you avoided a fight with robot FIDO! I will now call him forth and ask him to demonstrate what he had in store for you. FIDO! Come out and discharge your weapon.”
A carriage door opened and FIDO stepped onto the platform. The robot had a Mark Six Devastator rocket loaded into a launcher protruding from his chest. He casually aimed the missile at a large outcropping of granite which stood some distance from the station. With a blast of smoke and flame the rocket ignited. It flew across the river valley leaving a plume of exhaust. The Devastator impacted with a massive explosion. The huge rock shattered. Large chunks of granite fell and dammed the river.
The water immediately began to rise.
“Alas for me!” cried the wizard, “All my works are in ruin! I have escaped the savage death demonstrated, but I am doomed to go to MARS! Doomed by the very man who misled me with his book of second rate, inaccurate, magical rubbish spells!”
He began weeping bitterly. “If only Victorian Railways had stayed with steam! As a top link driver on the Southern Majestic I had the finest record in the business. I was a happy fellow until that dreadful day when I was retrenched! Sacked on two weeks notice after twenty five years of faithful service! It laid the seeds of bitterness. It made me very ready to use magic!Ready to steal alien equipment!”
Dr Tung seemed to reflect on his words.
“It is true that your former life was good,” said the doctor. “Your termination was an undeserved and savage blow for a man once considered to be the finest steam engine driver in Australia.”
“Can that be taken into account?” cried Alfred Garret.
“It must and will be taken into account. And I note that all your magical captives have now returned to normal life and are unscathed,” said Dr Tung. “The former trolls are aboard a bus returning to Melbourne. Your enslaved mechanic has gone back to his garage. Your enraptured centaur has returned to his riding school. Your many entranced servants have all returned to conventional states. Many of them actually enjoyed the experience of working for you, rather than slaving away paying taxes! When all these factors are taken into account there may yet be one chance. A slender chance for you to delay your trip to hospital and at least forestall the horror of anti magic therapy, Alfred Garret!”
“A chance!” cried Alfred Garret, “What is that chance!”
“You must hope and pray that the five beings in this carriage will forgive you. Should they do so you will get the chance to drive the steam engine Spitfire and assist them in their great Quest!”
He waved his hand at the steam engine, gently blowing off steam at the head of the train. Alfred Garrett caught his breath! A chance to drive a classic steam namer! And possibly the rarest steam engine ever seen in Victoria! In fact, definitely the rarest engine never before seen in Victoria! A chance to help in a monumental Quest!
Jake, Alaric and the dwarves now appeared at a carriage door and climbed down onto the platform. Alfred Garret looked at the elves and dwarves he had hypnotized. He had trapped them in a plane and then tried to catch them in a net! He had shot at them using his biplane! He had hoped to ransom the fat elf who was supposed to be elvish royalty. How could he expect forgiveness?
He was attempting to prepare some kind of sobbing, pleading address when Dr Tung spoke. “Wizardry is a strange and unusual profession,” said the Doctor, “But there are a few, a very few occasions when an individual’s descent into the use of black magic can be partially excused. The case of the man standing before you, Steam Engine Driver Alfred T Garrett (retired) is one such example. As a wizard he entranced many good citizens to serve his own evil ends. On the other hand, as a top link steam engine driver he delivered thousands of passengers to their destination! He drove his mighty engine through rain and storm, through fog and snow, through thunder and lightening. He froze at his controls but thundered on! Often he was given poor quality coal! Often, even his nose froze solid under the impact of biting cold weather! At other times he roasted under the savage heat of the sun and the blasting fury of a white hot coal fire. He had almost impossible schedules to keep. He stands before you now as a man who bitterly regrets his recent career as a wizard! He now desires to atone by working without pay as your steam engine driver. As the one who might be deemed responsible for his demise into wizardry, I ask you to grant him a short extension of his time on this earth. He will be obliged to return with me to MARS for treatment! But in the meantime, he will stand before you when danger threatens! He will be a true and faithful servant in your noble cause! You must now vote,” said Dr Tung.
“All in favor?”
Alaric and the three dwarves all said Aye!
Jake then spoke.
“I say No! I am the driver,” he said. “I am a trained driver who passed his exam! I like driving! We do not require another driver!”
“Right now that is true,” said Dr Tung. “But my scanty knowledge of your possible future indicates that you may definitely need the services of a top human Driver in the very near future..”
“Very well,” said Jake. “He can drive the train to Yea while I finish eating. I am starving! I am so hungry that I may explire (expire) at any moment. I have not eaten a full decent, filling meal since hundreds of years ago! It is criminal to starve a young growing person like me!”
He climbed back into the carriage.
The elf, dwarves and Dr Tung followed him and climbed up into the carriage.
Driver Garret now accompanied FIDO to the locomotive. The robot adjusted the heating bar to full output and then returned to the carriage. Soon the engine was hissing steam and the train began to move back towards Yea.
Spitfire was now under the sure hands of a great top link driver. Inside the coach the elves and dwarves were eating the meal laid out previously by FIDO.
Jake was still complaining about his state of starvation, while stuffing himself with all available food. CLEO’s voice suddenly sounded from Jake’s pack.
“Alert! Current radio message being sent from UFO
An excited male voice spoke: “.. major explosion near Homewood station was picked up by Satcom.. we used the high definition military satellite and spotted the ghost train! Yes, Colonel, the actual ghost train! It is not supposed to be there at all! Vicrail have no record of any train on the line. The railway is classified as closed. The train appears to consist of a steam engine plus a single carriage. It was standing in plain view at Homewood station ten minutes ago! It is now on the move proceeding towards Yea. Orders! UFO Group will intercept at Yea station in thirty minutes.”
There was a short pause, then: “Colonel Viljoen, sir! Full authority to use lethal force! Kill on sight! The alien invasion of Earth must be stopped before it can begin!”
The transmission ended.
Apart from the regular de dum de dum of wheels pounding over steel tracks, there was total silence in the carriage. Then Grumpy pulled out his knife and balanced it on one finger.
“I will also use lethal force!” he said. “I intend to take several of them with me!”
“Resisting force with force is not an optimum solution,” said Dr Tung. “I remind you that the soldiers are armed with superior weapons. Lasers against knives is hardly an equal fight! So you have no chance of emerging victorious—or emerging at all! Subterfuge is far more elegant. Begin by removing every trace of your occupation from this carriage.”
He pulled out a large pocket watch. “You have exactly ten minutes to repack all your bags, remove all personal items from tables, chairs and floor. “Restore the carriage to the condition it was in when you first entered! There must be no trace of occupation!”
The dwarves and elves moved frantically to clear everything from the carriage As they worked Dr Tung gave instructions to FIDO. The robot dismantled his nuclear cooking stove and packed the parts into his abdomen. Next he used his Blaster Vac to clean the floor of the entire carriage. With time at a premium the robot worked frantically. As the train rolled into Yea, FIDO jumped from the carriage on the side opposite the platform. He strode to the water column. A steel ladder telescoped from his body. He climbed the ladder and then vanished into the water tank. He left the ladder standing against the tower. The engine stood blowing off steam.
Driver Garrett checked all his controls and then used the long prod to turn off the nuclear heating bar.
He joined the companions in the carriage.
“Now you can hide by sitting in the water tower,” said Dr Tung.
“Sit in freezing cold water!” said Grumpy. “We will die of cold! I would rather fight! At least I will die warm – and my death is all the fault of a certain fat elf!” He glowered at Jake.
“The water will not be cold,” said the doctor. “FIDO is already heating the water to the temperature of a warm bath! There is a ledge you can sit on. You will be quite comfortable and a great deal better off than as a group of supposed alien fugitives in the hands of the UFO Army!”
He looked at his watch again.
“If you do not wish to be arrested, brain washed and possibly executed, you have five minutes to get into the tower! Again, get moving!” he said.
With such bleak options there was little to argue about. Lugging backpacks the travelers scampered across to the tower, climbed up the steel ladder and clambered inside.
As the last member of the group entered the water tower, a robotic arm appeared at the top of the tower. One extended arm retracted the steel ladder. The ladder was stowed inside the tower. The robots arm vanished and the tower now appeared to be deserted.
Inside the water tower, the travelers had stacked their packs onto a central concrete area which protruded from the water. They sat waist deep in water, perched on a concrete ledge which ran around the inside of the tower.
As the doctor had said, the water proved to be quite warm. No one spoke. They waited in an uncomfortable silence, broken suddenly by the loud rumble from Jake’s stomach. The rumble was followed by a series of bubbles which appeared to come from under Jake’s seat! “I thought it was only robot engines who fart!” hissed Grumpy. “And they do it in the open air! Phew!”
Alaric put a finger to his mouth, shush!
In the train, Driver Garrett and Dr Tung sat waiting for the imminent arrival of Colonel Viljoen and the UFO Group..



Chapter 14
Arrival of the UFO Group


The UFO Group arrived at Yea station in a convoy of jeeps. The column screeched to a halt. Heavily armed troops wearing the “flying saucer” insignia of the UFO Group streamed out from the vehicles and swarmed into the rail yard. It would be an error to assume that these troops were weekend pretend soldiers. They were, in fact highly trained, tough, battle hardened and efficient. Once the troops were in position there was absolutely no prospect of any conventional escape method. A second group of soldiers began unloading a diesel powered rail/water vehicle. It was guided onto the track from a road conveyor. This special army transporter had been attached to the convoy in case there was a new need to chase a “ghost” train. Now the troops confidently expected to only use the vehicle as a prison, securely holding alien captives while they were shipped to Darwin base for “processing.”
The rail/water vehicle had now been placed in front of the steam engine, blocking any prospect of the train leaving on the single track line.
There was a clatter of blades as a UFO Division helicopter began circling overhead. Colonel Viljoen spoke to the pilot via a throat microphone.
“Eagle One! Arm your weapons!” he snapped.
“Wilco, weapons armed,” came a voice over the radio.
Sergeant Sarah now detailed five men to search the station. Using a portable Crackerjack the team smashed down the door of the ticket office. The heavy old wooden door splintered under the impact, crumpling away, leaving only rusty hinges and an equally rusted lock on the facing side. The troops entered with guns cocked. They began searching the gloomy, dusty interior using powerful lamps. They found nothing except the contents of an old, worn Victoria Rail station masters desk. The desk was covered in dust but contained a pile of yellowing posters. The posters advertised: “An exciting weekend rail trip to Geelong.” Otherwise, there was no sign of anything in the booking office. The search team duly moved on, smashing a series of doors. But all the station buildings were also totally disused and failed to show any sign of alien fugitives.
Once building search was complete, Colonel Viljoen left his jeep and climbed into the carriage. He was accompanied by Sergeant Sarah and Lance Corporal Jenny. As the party entered the old Pullman they were warmly greeted by Dr Tung. “I am so pleased that you have come forward for a trip behind the innovative new High Performance Steam Engine Spitfire!” said the doctor. He was beaming with pleasure. “It is the steam engine which will revitalize steam! Other methods of propulsion will be junked! Steam will rule again! And, of course we will lay on a special demo trip to Healesville for you and your gallant troops. It will, of course, be absolutely free of charge! It was not at all necessary to break down the door of the ticket office! Tickets are not required by your guardians of our Mother Earth!”
He bowed his head as if in prayer.
“Search the whole train!” said Colonel Viljoen, ignoring the doctor. “Pull the whole thing apart if necessary. Find the damned alien spies!”
The troops began searching the carriage.
“Alien spies?” said Dr Tung. He appeared to be totally amazed by the idea, “I am certainly not an alien. spy! Who are you looking for? Has a convict escaped? We did see a furtive looking man at Yarra Glen selling cigarettes! I thought the fags were probably contraband! That man may well have been an escaped convict or even an alien!”
He paused as if thinking. “Or have you been sent because the Salvation Army have made a complaint? We did not intend to start testing on a Sunday/ I am normally in the Methodist church myself but last Sunday I simply could not wait! I had to begin testing the Tung Converter!”
“We are definitely not from the Salvation Army!” snapped Colonel Viljoen. “We are the Australian Army, specifically the elite UFO Group! We are here to find out what you are carrying on this train! We'll find whatever you are hiding!”
The troops moved purposefully about the carriage. They searched every part of the interior, checking inside seat covers, under tables, inside the toilet, and closely scrutinizing every part of the floor and the ceiling. .
Finally, Driver Garret and Dr Tung were both expertly frisked. “Nothing inside the carriage, sir!” said Sgt Sarah, as the search was completed. “We'll check the underside of the coach and then the roof. Finally, we'll check the engine.”
Driver Garret was now sweating and looked anxious. Colonel Viljoen immediately noticed.
“Why are you sweating? “ said the Colonel. “Do you have something to hide? A secret that threatens our entire planet with disaster?”
Driver Garret looked miserable. Finally he nodded.
“Right!” said Colonel Viljoen. “Where are they?”
Driver Garret felt in his pocket and drew out a pack of cigarettes. He showed them to the soldier.
“Woodbines? “ said the Colonel. “What have they got to do with an alien invasion?”
“They were purchased duty free from that furtive man at Yarra Glen station,” said Dr Tung, breaking in. “As I mentioned we suspected that the man was a criminal selling stolen fags. He may have been an alien! I warned Driver Garret that smoking was a disaster for the respiratory system! Yet he decided to smoke! As a result he now has a guilty conscience! He is worried about his health And now he is doubly worried that he will be arrested for buying contraband fags from an alien! So he is sweating!”
Driver Garret nodded miserably to confirm this analysis.
Colonel Viljoen sat down and faced Dr Tung. “Very well, your associate is a foolish criminal who buys illegal Woodbines. Those fags were almost certainly stolen. But that is a relatively minor offence in law, although a major offence in terms of his lungs! But his choked, rotting, ruined lungs are not my concern! My interest is in the apprehension of alien spies! Rotten aliens who intend to enslave the human race! Assisting such foul creatures is a capital crime! So I want to know this! How do you come to operate a peculiar train which has the ability to vanish,” he said. “Crossing gates that operate when there is no train!”
Dr Tung looked offended. “Please do not call my train peculiar, Colonel! Such a description is an insult to a remarkable creation made by my brilliant engineering talents! In any case, there are no aliens on this train! The steam engine Spitfire is a British B1 sold to me by the Australian Steam Engine Preservation Society. It has been rebuilt by Driver Garret and myself. This engine embodies the Tung Convertor which has increased performance by an incredible factor! 500 miles from 22 logs of wood!”
He was interrupted by a soldier who came in and saluted.
“No sign of anything in the station buildings, sir. The whole place was abandoned many years ago. We are now doing a sweep of the surrounding area.” he said.
He saluted briskly and left the carriage.
Colonel Viljoen stared at Dr Tung. “How do you explain the fact that this so called invention of yours has only been visible at different points on the railway? How has it traveled between those points without being seen? How have the crossing gates at Healesville closed apparently by themselves? Was that closure actually made to allow the passage of an invisible train carrying alien fugitives?”
Dr Tung replied: “My dear Colonel! What a ridiculous proposition! This train is perfectly visible as you can see. Driver Garret and myself are certainly not alien fugitives. However, it is true that we have moved on and off the main line during our running in trials. This probably explains why the train has not been seen for various periods of time. We began our journey in Healesville. We left on Sunday two days ago at 5am. We were carrying provisions for the trials. We have now exhausted our supplies yet we have used only 22 logs of red wood! Twenty two logs to travel five hundred miles! That is significant! It represents a whole new era for steam! And we were certainly not invisible when we crossed the roads. There was simply no one around. The gates have probably not been operated since the railway line was closed. The mechanisms have rusted and become faulty. In fact, Driver Garret was obliged to use the emergency buttons several times. Gates failed to open as we approached! Once they were operated manually, the gates probably started short circuiting, opening and closing themselves!”
Sergeant Sarah returned to the carriage and reported: “We have not found any sign of aliens, sir. The steam engine is apparently an old English B 1 model according to one of the private soldiers. He used to be a train spotter in England before his family immigrated. The engine appears to be in good condition. The only unusual item is some kind of firebar inside the grate. It has writing on it but we can't read it. It’s still glowing red hot. We can't inspect until it cools. The only area we have not searched is inside the water tower. Unfortunately we did not bring the ladder, sir!”
Col Viljoen: “You failed to bring the unit search ladder, Sergeant? I told you to bring a full inventory of search equipment. That obviously included the ladder!”
“Sir, the expandable ladder is at your house. Private Parkins is cleaning your windows. You said that he should be left at Base until your windows were perfectly clean! We assumed that the ladder should also be left with him because he needs to ladder to reach your windows!”
Colonel Viljoen considered this response.
“Sergeant! Your excuse comes from the fertile mind of a barrack room lawyer! You have failed to bring vital equipment to an investigation and you are now attempting to implicate a superior officer! Fortunately, we can still get a ladder from the fire brigade. Phone them and borrow one!”
Inside the water tower Jake, Alaric and the dwarves could clearly hear this conversation. It was punctuated by the steady drip, drip, drip of water falling from the metal roof above their heads. Grumpy made a cutting motion with his hand across his throat. His action showed his intention to go down fighting while his facial expression indicated the general feeling that they would all soon be captured.
In the train below the water tower, Sergeant Sarah saluted and went to the radio vehicle. He intended to contact the Yea fire brigade. Dr Tung suddenly spoke: “A brilliant example of an ad hoc response, Colonel. Your men have forgotten to bring a ladder so you will requisition a ladder from the fire brigade. I shall certainly include this anecdote in my newspaper column.”
“Column? What paper is your column in?” asked the Colonel. “This information is, under the national secrets act. You may not publish the fact that you have been apprehended by the UFO Division.”
Dr Tung: “I had no intention of published that fact, Colonel. I merely intend to report that something strange was being chased down a disused railway line. It will appear n my national column, Colonel. Within hours the news of your exciting pursuit will be flashed across Australia. And with international interest it may well be picked up by world media! Anything alien is very hot news!”
As he spoke the radio operator arrived and saluted. “Sir, there is a house on fire somewhere north of Yea! The fire brigade have been called. Sergeant Sarah wants to know if we should tell them to turn round and come here. We can requisition their ladder under Critical Emergency 77/8621 b.”
In terms of requisitioning the fire brigade ladder, a whole series of potential consequences now flashed through the Colonels mind. If he took the ladder, the fire brigade might not be able to get into a burning house. People could be killed or badly injured. Without a ladder, firemen would not be able to pour water down onto the house. The entire house might be destroyed as a result. And the whole story would be on the national news and the international news channels through the efforts of Dr Tung!”
He made up his mind and spoke to the radio operator. “We will leave investigation of the water tower for the moment. Inform the sergeant that my previous order is cancelled.”
The radio operator returned to his truck. A short time later, Sergeant Sarah returned at the double.
“Sir!” he said “Surely the capture of aliens is more important than a mere house fire! The whole earth may be on fire once the aliens arrive! We must nip an alien attack in the bud!”
Colonel Viljoen weighed this remark in his mind.
“Sergeant! Are you personally in charge of this planets future? Is the future of Planet Earth in the hands of a non commissioned officer? Think, think , think! The water tower is full of water. It is dripping! The alien was definitely not a fish. There is zero chance that the aliens are hiding inside the water tower!”
Sgt Sarah: “Yes, sir! What about the fire bar, Sir?”
“Sergeant, by the word fire bar I assume you are referring to the Tung Convertor?” said Dr Tung, again breaking in to the conversation. “What you call the fire bar is actually a unique invention inscribed with the words Tung Convertor, Patents Pending in Chinese Mandarin. The Convertor is a special construct of five metals. It absorbs heat from burning wood and stays hot. It allows us to maintain steam pressure for remarkable distances! However, without supplementary heat, the Tung Convertor begins to slowly cool. It is doing so at present. It will be possible to read the logo in about an hour. It is my hope that Vicrail will resume using steam in the very near future! Driver Garret will be able to pass on his knowledge of steam engine operation to a whole new generation of keen young steam engine drivers.”
“I'm sure that your invention will provide many employment opportunities,” said Colonel Viljoen sarcastically. “However, I understand there was also a massive explosion close to Homewood station. It was powerful enough to be observed by satellite! How do you explain that?”
Dr Tung looked at Driver Garret reproachfully. “I warned you!” he said sternly. “Your obsessive hunt for gold should begin with the purchase of a Prospectors License! And using dynamite for illegal prospecting has now put us in trouble with the authorities! I trust you are ashamed of yourself?”
Driver Garret looked crestfallen.
Dr Tung continued: “In his defence, although it is indeed fragile, I have to say that he used only one stick of dynamite, Colonel. He was unable to resist dynamiting a promising outcrop of rock. I was asleep! I was woken by a huge bang! Fortunately, the only result was a rockfall and a temporary damming of the river. There was, of course, no gold!”
“I see,” said Colonel Viljoen. “I could, of course, immediately arrest you both! You would be charged with illegally using explosives, prospecting without a license, traveling on a railway without permission and receiving stolen fags. However, I have more pressing matters! I am searching for aliens who plan to invade this planet!”
He stopped to think and then said: “Sergeant Sarah! Have we found any sign of aliens?”
“No,sir! No sign of aliens!”
Another soldier now entered the carriage. “No sign of aliens for a distance of three klicks, sir!” he reported. “There are a few weirdo locals but nothing you could call an alien.”
Colonel Viljoen pulled out his mobile phone and dialed.
The phone rang once and was instantly connected.
“Colonel Viljoen here, General. We've searched the mystery train thoroughly. It's an old steam engine operated by a Chinese chap and a retired Victorian railway driver. They claim to be testing a newly invented heating element. It gives them extra mileage. They hope to bring back steam!”
“Bring back steam, colonel? Are they crazy?”
“They seem quite sane, sir, but you never know. They have some kind of new heating element which the Chinese fellow has invented. It's in the fire grate of the engine. It is still red hot so we have not been able to take a close look. I intend to leave a guard on the train and take a close look at it in a couple of hours. The reports about an “invisible train” are due to a testing program this pair are running. The Chinese says he had to continually stop the train in order to fine tune the heating element. He claims that the crossing gates issue was probably caused by old mechanisms misfiring after passage of the train. That seems reasonable to me. And the explosion recorded by the satellite was caused by them dynamiting rocks in an illegal hunt for gold! I intend to put a close guard on the train while I return to Chirnside Park and check progress at the contact site. After that I will return here to inspect the heating element.”
General Galoshes: “Well, it all sounds very reasonable, Colonel. But in case it is actually based on cunning alien deception, leave an armed platoon to guard the train. Any escape attempt is to be dealt with. Your orders are: shoot to kill! Any resistance must be crushed! The platoon must stay fully alert until you can ascertain that the train is not an alien hideout. Make sure it does not move and tell the men to keep a sharp lookout! Control out!”
Colonel Viljoen put the cell phone back into his pocket.
Then he spotted a Stuff It! card lying partly hidden under the seat. He stretched down and picked up the card. “What's this?” he asked. “A plastic playing card?” He squinted at the Elvish inscription. “What does this say?”
“It is simply a playing card, Colonel,” said Dr Tung smoothly. “Driver Garret and myself were enjoying a game last night. It is an exciting game I have invented, a means to help finance the huge cost of mass producing the Tung Convertor. My printer was doing a sample run and has printed the inscription upside down! It actually reads Tung Converter in Mandarin, but it is a mirror image! One card must have fallen during the game! My game is amazing! Driver Garret and I were howling with excitement as we reached the grand climax. Then, when I tried to do a closing a “whiz” display I unfortunately cast most of the cards out of the carriage window! They dropped into the creek and were lost! Only this one card remains. May I have it back? I have issues with the printer and it will help to prove my case!”
The Colonel stuffed the card it into his breast pocket.
“No!” he snapped. “You may not have the card which may prove to he important evidence. And just in case you are thinking of sneaking off I intend to leave a platoon on guard. They have orders to fire if you give any trouble! You are not to leave until I return!” he said.
Followed by Sergeant Sarah and Lance Corporal Jenny the Colonel left the carriage. He instructed the NCO's to place a guard inside the station to keep the train in plain view.
“If they try to leave open fire!” he said curtly. “Shoot the entire train to bits if necessary! If ithe train vanishes hose down the area where the train is standing at the moment and then shoot directly down the track! In fact, we should set up rocket launchers. One aimed directly at the train from the waiting room and another on the platform aimed directly down the track. I dont trust them! Blow them to bits if they try anything at all!”
Sgt Sarah placed four soldiers in guard positions on the platform. Other soldiers set up rocket launchers as ordered. Colonel Viljoen then headed back towards Melbourne in his jeep while the rest of the UFO Division turned towards Mansfield where they were already camped near the railway line. Once the Colonel was out of sight, Sgt Sarah wandered across to a small takeaway bar. He returned to the station with a large packet of chips. Several soldiers pulled out pocket radios They began munching chips listening to the commentary of a football match being held in Melbourne.



Chapter 15
No hiding place!


Dr Tung leaned out of a carriage window on the opposite side of the train. He was facing the watering tower. He put a short tube to his lips. He blew on the tube twice. There was no sound but a metal ladder immediately telescoped down from the tower. The bulk of the carriage totally obscured the sentries view of events. Jake's party then appeared, silently climbing down the ladder one by one. They were all sopping wet. Each individual carried a backpack which was still dry. In total silence, the five travelers climbed into the carriage, opening doors on the far side of the train. Finally, FIDO emerged from the tower. The water did not appear to cling at all to his golden metal body. He was quite dry despite his prolonged immersion. He climbed down silently then telescoped the ladder back into his body. In total silence, the robot moved forward to the locomotive and climbed in from the side opposite to the watching troops. One soldier was actually standing next to the locomotive tender! But he was intent on the football match and failed to notice the robot moving silently in from the far side into the cab.
“FIDO, deactivate the fire bar!” said Dr Tung, speaking into a small cell phone. “Miniaturize it and place it inside a suitable area of your body. Return to the carriage. Observe total silence.”
After carrying out this vital chore, the robot returned to the carriage. He then rummaged inside his abdomen. and produced five towels. He offered them to the companions. Finally, the robot produced a portable radio. He switched it on and the radio started playing loud music from 3XY! The sentries looked startled for a moment. Then Sgt Sarah said: “Just the Chinaman getting 3XY.”
The soldiers returned attention to the football match and eating chips.
Dr Tung now motioned the entire party to draw close. He addressed them in a whisper. Jake strained to hear against the booming sounds of The What? coming from the radio. Dr Tung: “We must leave! The Colonel has found another Stuff It! card. It is made of alien materials. One of his boffins will latch on to the fact that the card was not made on Earth. The Colonel will not rest until he has arrested us all.”
Stumpy immediately began checking his pack of Stuff It! cards and discovered that two cards were missing. He looked darkly at Little Sam. Fortunately, murder was averted when Alaric pointed to himself and mouthed “Mea Culpa!” He had dropped one card outside the oak tree. The second was lost in his haste to clean up the carriage.
“Can we use the I/I device and steam out?” asked Alaric.
“No!” said Dr Tung. “The colonel has parked a road rail vehicle in front of the train. In any case, the soldiers are alert. They are listening to a football match but they can see the train. They will certainly respond instantly if the train vanishes! They will shoot directly down the track with incendiary bullets and put us all in the morgue!”
Dr Tung then leaned out of the carriage window and looked down the track ahead. He could see a small corner of the road/rail vehicle parked in front of the train. The army vehicle was obscured from direct view by a signal box at the end of the platform.
He saluted the nearby sentry who ignored him and continued to listen to a pocket radio.
Dr Tung put his head back into the coach and queried CLEO in respect to the rail vehicle.
CLEO checked records on the internet.
The computer reported her findings in a stage whisper. “It is a diesel APRT or Army Platoon Railway Transporter. It can be converted into a mobile barracks. It contains a portaloo, along with washing and cooking facilities. It can be converted for use as a boat. It carries emergency rations of food “
“It seems quite ideal for our purposes,” said Dr Tung, speaking to everyone. “We are currently travelling on a railway but water transport might be vital later. One must always expect the unexpected! Now, the soldiers will obviously notice if this train vanishes. But they cannot actually see the APRT. It is parked out of their line of sight. They are guarding this train but they are not guarding their transporter! As a result we will swop. The Army gets our train and we get their APRT!”
He then said: “Alfred Garret! Move quietly! Ready the APRT for immediate departure!”
Driver Garret stepped out from the far side of the carriage. The door was still open. He was shielded from the troops by the train itself. He stepped down onto the track, moved forward silently and climbed into the driver’s seat of the rail vehicle. After a short period, the rest of the party followed him, carrying their packs. They entered the APRT. Dr Tung then ordered FIDO to enter the vehicle and finally climbed aboard himself. The doors on both the blind side of the rail coach and the blind side of the APRT were left wide open.
Dr Tung took the I/I device from Alaric and switched it on. The APRT instantly vanished from view. When Driver Garret started the engine there was no sound. Shortly, the invisible, inaudible rail vehicle carrying the fugitives accelerated out of the station. Driver Garret then opened the throttle fully. They soon passed through Cheviot station, some 3 miles east of Yea. The powerful APRT was still accelerating. Jake slammed the door shut.
Down a long straight section of rail the vehicle reached a speed of 75 mph.
Inside the APRT, conversation was totally impossible while the I/I device was on. Then Dr Tung switched it off and sound returned. But now the roaring wind, the bellowing of the diesel engine and the screech of wheels on the rusty track made conversation impossible. In addition, the rail tracks were badly worn and not in alignment. This caused the vehicle to rock and sway like an enraged animal. This violent bucking made even staying aboard difficult. In fact, at speed there was the definite possibility of suddenly being thrown out over the side. Yet Dr Tung did not appear to be at all concerned about their frantic and dangerous speed. He shouted into Jake's ear, asking for the railway line map.
It had been hidden in Jake's pack.
Hanging on to a door strap, Jake retrieved the map and handed it to Dr Tung.
The doctor carefully inspected a small section of the map.
“We must find somewhere to hide,” he shouted.
“Impossible!” Jake yelled back. “There is no place to hide on a railway line! We are completely exposed! In any case, we will soon be derailed and killed when we hit points. The driver is a speed maniac! I should be the driver. This engine can’t be much different to a steam engine! I am a qualified engine driver!”
“Cheer up! shouted the doctor. “This map shows two sidings between Molesworth and Cathkin. They both have large sheds. They should suffice to hide one small vehicle!”
He did not explain why one vehicle would require two hiding places. Dr Tung shouted to Driver Garret. “Begin slowing after milepost 90. We will investigate a possible hiding place somewhere beyond.”
“Wilco!” shouted Driver Garret.
The stolen vehicle thundered on
Shortly, they began slowing as they passed a derelict station. Soon they were rolling along quite sedately as they approached a junction. A siding ran to the left.
It led into a shed made from corrugated iron. The shed seemed to have numerous holes in the roof and it was streaked with rust.
A few old trucks stood rotting away in the siding.
The rail vehicle stopped, with the motor purring.
Dr Tung studied the shed and siding.
“Good!” he said, apparently satisfied.
“Move on!” he said. “Down the line you will see another junction. Stop again so we can inspect it.”
With Driver Garret controlling the vehicle, they rolled slowly over the rusted track, passing a line of old coaches standing derelict. Eventually they reached a second rail junction and Driver Garret brought them to a stand. The new junction was almost a carbon copy of the first.
The doctor appeared to reach a decision.
“FIDO!” he said. “Oil the points ahead of the train and pull them so that we can travel into the junction. Then, enter the shed and set up four automatic machine guns! Aim each gun out of a window. Put a full clip in each gun and rig to auto fire under radio control.” The robot picked up a pack and immediately left his seat at the rear or the vehicle. He oiled the points before pulling them over.
He then walked to the shed and vanished inside.
Doctor Tung spoke to Drive Garret.: “Move forward to the shed. Pick up FIDO when he is ready. Reverse onto the main line.” he said. “Return to the first junction. We'll get under cover there.”
They shunted down the siding. At the entrance to the shed, FIDO appeared and climbed aboard. The vehicle reversed onto the main line. FIDO climbed out and switched the points back before climbing back up in his usual manner.
The rail vehicle reversed to a position ahead of the first set of points. FIDO again climbed out and oiled the points before throwing them so the vehicle could enter the siding. They proceeded into the siding and entered the shed.
Shortly, FIDO came out of the shed. He now appeared to be a blur of action, working on full emergency power. First, the robot unbolted and lifted a section of rail leading into the shed. He removed the sleepers and piled them up to form a rudimentary buffer at the end of the remaining length of rail which apparently ran nowhere. The rails were piled up across the entrance to the shed. The rails completely blocked off the shed. The robot then pulled the points on the main line back to the straight ahead position. Finally, he switched back to regular operating mode and returned to the rail trolley parked inside the shed.



Chapter 16
Two matching cards….


While the escapees were busy, Colonel Viljoen was close to his destination.
The UFO Research Dept was now in charge of the investigation. They would have liked nothing better than to pull the oak tree out by its roots. The tree could then be carted back to Darwin for investigation. However, this was impossible due to the Greens. The investigation re Alien Occupation of Oak Tree was thus being held on site in situ.
A mobile tent had been set up beside the tree.
A sign announced: “GAS MAINS LEAK. STAY CLEAR.”
Colonel Viljoen arrived. His jeep screeched to a stop.
The Colonel walked inside a tent which had been erected close to the oak tree. He greeted the chief scientist of the UFO Group, Dr Sebastian Doddles. Unfortunately, that worthy boffin was unable to report a breakthrough. “We have been unable to penetrate a strange alien barrier inside the tree,” he said. “We have used every available type of device but we can't get in!” He indicated what looked like the outline of a small door incised in the trunk of the tree. “We believe this is the entry to an alien staircase.”
Dr Doddle: “Thank you, Colonel! Would you recount the events which lead to the alien appearing?”
“Certainly! The UFO Group was alerted by an event near the Lilydale railway line. When our patrol vehicles arrived at that site they reported an alien. The alien looked like a young boy with big ears and . some kind of Star Wars sword! The alien attacked the patrol vehicle with some kind of device which melted the laser gun, stripped off all the paint and left the crew incoherent!~Then the alien vanished. The railway line had been doctored so it appeared unused. The aliens are apparently capable of making a railway vehicle vanish! They have gone without a trace!!”
“Without a trace??? That is not quite true, Colonel!” said Dr Doddle. “They left us an alien calling card! A card made of unknown materials!”
He produced the card found at the site of the railway line.
Colonel Viljoen looked at the card as realization dawned.
“A calling card just like this, Dr Doddle!” he said, producing a matching card from his breast pocket. “They have not vanished! I have them under guard at Yea station! To be totally accurate I have their train and two earth traitors under guard! The aliens are hiding somewhere close to the station. I will get their location from that traitor and his associate. I must get back to Yea!”
He raced back to his jeep and pulled out his mobile phone as the vehicle screeched away. He dialed a number which was answered after a short delay.
Colonel Viljoen: “Sergeant Sarah! This is Viljoen. What is that noise? Has the train moved?”
Sergeant Sarah: “No sir. Everything is quiet here, sir.” He gestured at Corporal Jenny to switch off their radio. The football commentary stopped. The Colonel could clearly hear loud rock music. “What’s that noise?” he shouted.
The sergeant ad libbed: “It’s coming from the train. The Chinaman is playing rock and roll.”
Colonel Viljoen: “Good! Can you actually see the train?”
Sergeant Sarah: “Yes sir! I can see the train, sir. We're in the station where you put us on guard. The train is here. It hasn't become invisible. If it had become invisible we would have opened fire!”
Colonel Viljoen: “Check the two men are still on the train!”
Sergeant Sarah: “Yes, sir! I'll go in and check.”
There was a pause and then a muffled shout of alarm.
Sergeant Sarah returned to the phone.
Sergeant Sarah: “Sir, the train is still there but the men have gone. The doors on the far side of the train are open! And our rail vehicle has vanished! It has vanished into thin air!”
Colonel Viljoen: “Gone, Sergeant, gone???? I left you and a full detail of men on guard. What have you been doing? Drinking in the pub?”
Sergeant Sarah: “No, sir! We have not been carrying out any activity contrary to orders!!”
Colonel Viljoen: “You have been on guard? How then has a valuable item of military hardware vanished? Not to mention two traitors and a cargo of alien spies! I am on my way! Viljoen out!”
Colonel Viljoen sat in his jeep fuming as his vehicle proceeded towards Yea at breakneck speed. He had given the order to stand on guard. But he had failed to give an order to keep both the train and the army rail vehicle in clear sight. The aliens had used some kind of invisibility device to steal the rail vehicle. As the officer in charge he would probably face a courts martial and be cashiered.
Suddenly he had a brighter thought.
The aliens were still trapped! They were attempting to escape in a rail vehicle with the two human beings assisting them. Human beings? Traitors!Quislings after a quick profit, probably hoping to get fancy jobs in an alien government. But now he knew the aliens could make a vehicle vanish. They had some kind of device which must Jaked light and erase sound. But they could not make a rail vehicle progress without rails to run on! It would not run overland! The vehicle had no road wheels so they could not get it off the track!!! The aliens must either turn back to Melbourne or go on to Mansfield. They were trapped!”
He returned to his phone call.
“Sergeant Sarah! Take your men to to the ambush site at Bonnie Doom station. Sever the railway line. Set mines on both sides of the line. And take a Pulverizer!!”
“A nuke, Sir? Isn't that a bit extreme?”
“Extreme, sergeant? Extreme! The future of our planet is in the balance! Mother Earth is under threat!!! Whatever we do is justified. We must nuke them to bits!!!”
“Yes, sir! Nuke them to bits! That should do the trick!”
Colonel Viljoen cut the connection and dialed a new number. “Corporal Barry! This is Colonel Viljoen. Send the spare troop carrier to Yea at the double! I have set up an ambush at Bonnie Doon station!”
“Yes, sir! Rail trolley on the way, sir!” said Corporal Barry.
The vehicle would make an emergency dash along the rail line to Yea.
Colonel Viljoen then had a new thought and added a second order. “Move your group to a point about a mile outside Healesville. Find a site where a derailment will do maximum damage! Remove two sections of rail. Place contact explosives inside and around the site! The aliens are invisible. We must ensure they are blown to bits!”
Corporal Barry: “Did you say that they are invisible, Sir?”
Colonel Viljoen: “Yes! That is what I said, Corporal. They are invisible and inaudible. They have some kind of alien device. They've just used the invisibility thing and left Yea station right under our (expletive deleted) noses. I will proceed up the line to Mansfield using the spare motorized buggy. The aliens are probably fleeing towards Mansfield but I want to cut the line in both directions in case they double back. I intend to flush them out. I want your chaps armed and ready. Stand by for action!”
Corporal Barry: “Yes, sir!”
Colonel Viljoen now headed back towards Yea, instructing his driver to move like a bat out of hell Authors note: Police records reveal that cameras actually photographed the Colonels speeding vehicle at a number of points along the road to Yea. In theory, Colonel Viljoen's driver should have lost his license, accrued 23,642 demerit points and faced a long term in prison! Yet no arrest has ever been made. According to government records, a vehicle with the number plate UFO 1 does not exist.



Chapter 17
Sounds of battle


Inside the railway shed Jake and his companions waited anxiously for events to unfold. The robot had unpacked and activated a nuclear stove which warmed the inside of the vehicle. He now made seven cups of Elvish brew.
Soon, they were all sipping that marvelous drink.
Spirits rapidly lifted.
Alaric suddenly said: “As we now have a break, we can consider the meaning of the message being transmitted by the broken EBase computer. The message is Sumpy 1 ½ cots in gruzerneb maze to foldot!! What could it possibly mean?”
Jake: “Maybe it’s in Elvish?”
Alaric: “Sire, it is not Elvish. It seems to be in some computer internal language like Alpha Froggo or Complex Dwarken.”
CLEO: “It is not Froggo or Dwarken! It is quite clearly a 6D catogram! Normally this is a reassembly procedure used by the master E Base computer while in non dimensional working space. The message is curious as it is a catogram of the names Stumpy, Grumpy, Sam, Fido, Cleo and Jake Zero. However there is an unused second zero. I cannot compute the meaning of the second z. The message appears to refer to the personnel on this Journey although I cannot compute how the E Base sentient could transmit such a message before the party assembled! I am concerned about him! The poor baby may have had a breakdown!”
Alaric: “And with the Princess missing there is no one at E Base with the ability to repair such an advanced hyper machine.”
CLEO: “Sentient computational super system would be a more correct description, Lord Alaric. The EBase master computer is much more than an advanced hyper machine!”
“The EBase computer may be a broked (broken) master computer in another universe but we are being purseued (pursued) right here!” said Jake suddenly. “What are the soldiers doing?”
CLEO was scanning all frequencies and immediately played Colonel Viljoen’s phone calls over her loudspeaker. After listening to the Colonel instructing his NCO to lift the rail lines ahead of them and behind them, Dr Tung said: “So! The Colonel has obviously now discovered that we have borrowed his rail vehicle! He has lifted the rails behind us and ahead of us! What can be done?”
Jake: “We can fly! CLEO! Do you have any air transport?”
“Through your own negligent attitude you are not qualified to fly anything !” said the computer.”! I refuse to release expensive hardware to an untrained pilot!”
“What about FIDO? He can be the pilot!” said Jake.
“I do not propose to risk both a robot and more good hardware because you did not bother with your studies!” said CLEO. As usual the computer appeared to have no comprehension of their desperate situation! They were in extreme danger! Pursued by an army with orders to kill!
“You are a stupid piece of junk!” shouted Jake.
“Loss of temper indicates loss of cool,” said Dr Tung. “We should not lose our cool getting over heated!”
He indicated the railway map spread out on his knees.
“Colonel Viljoen is a skilled military commander. He has not left matters to chance. We must bluff our way out!”
Outside the carriage they suddenly heard the chug of a motorized trolley. Colonel Viljoen and his troops had arrived. They were inspecting the railway line as they traveled. At the first junction, Sergeant Sarah was in the leading seat. He noticed that the both rails ahead and the rails leading into the junction showed the marks of passage.
The trolley screeched to a halt.
“Colonel, the track ahead has been used! The track going into the spur line has also been used,” said Sergeant Sarah. “Which way should we search?”
“Search the spur line first, Sergeant,” said the voice of Colonel Viljoen. “The aliens probably ran up the main track for a short way hoping to distract us. They hoped we wouldn't notice they had turned off. They may be hiding in that shed over there! Advance on full alert! Safeties off!”
There was a series of clicks as the troops released the safety catches which prevented the weapons from being fired. The guns were now ready for immediate action.
The men debouched.
Carrying a cocked revolver, Colonel Viljoen led them towards the shed. Inside the shed, the travelers heard the trolley stop and the troops disembark. “We've had it this time!” said Jake in a low voice. “I never have any luck!”
Dr Tung put his finger to his lips.
Suddenly they heard the voice of Sergeant Sarah. “They haven't come down here, Sir,” he said. “The railway line has been lifted! The rails are stacked in front of that old shed. It looks like the aliens may have intended to hide in the shed and fight it out but they discovered that the line was lifted. That would explain why the track was marked ahead of the junction. They started this way, discovered there was no track, reversed back and they have continued down the line.”
“Yes, it looks as if you are right,” said Colonel Viljoen.
Sergeant Sarah: “Should we check the shed to make sure?”
“Sergeant Sarah, that suggestion clearly illustrates why you are a sergeant and I am an officer! First, you made the astute observation that there is no track! That would indicate that you might be officer material. But then you make the asinine comment that we should search anyway, wasting valuable military resources! The rail trolley could not possibly reach that shed because there is no track!”
Sgt Sarah (doggedly) “Sir, the aliens may have made our rail vehicle invisible. They might be parked right there in front of us! I’ll give the line 50 round on automatic. If they are there they wont be going anywhere else! With your permission, Sir?”
Col Viljoen: “We can all have go! It will get the guns ready for action! Twenty rounds from each man, aiming down the line at a potentially invisible railway transporter!”
The entire party then opened up, aiming at various levels above the branch line. Bullets whistled past the shed. Dr Tun, Driver Garrett, Jake, Alaric and the dwarves all crouched waiting for what seemed an inevitable bullet.
“Cease firing!” The racket stopped. Colonel McInnes: “Well, if they are there we have obviously sent them to alien land! However, its much more likely that the aliens have gone on down the line. If we ge moving we might even catch them! Safeties on! Return to the vehicle on the double!”
There was another series of clicks and the men ran back to the rail vehicle. It reversed over the points.
The trolley proceeded down the line.
Dr Tung began counting out loud, on a measured beat.
“Sixty, fifty nine, fifty eight……”
He continued counting down slowly until he reached zero.
“CLEO! Fire 5 rounds from the gun in the north window!” he snapped. They heard a gun open up.
It was followed by a series of alarmed shouts.
“CLEO! Fire 3 rounds from the second gun,” said Dr Tung. “Wait five seconds then fire 5 rounds from each gun in a random sequence!” Sporadic gun fire now sounded. The brisk chatter of the guns controlled by CLEO was suddenly greatly augmented as the UFO troops opened up. The distant battle continued as the troops replied to the guns operated automatically by CLEO.
Dr Tung now addressed the party with a pep talk. “We will fight on the railway track!” he said. “We will fight on the open ground and we will fight under cover! We will never surrender until we are ready!”
There was a restrained cheer from the party.
Then Little Sam asked:
“Wouldn't it be better to surrender now rather than be shot?”
“Certainly!” said Dr Tung. “But you are not being asked to fight and possibly get shot! FIDO! Bring out the dopplegang convertor
FIDO opened his chest cavity and brought out the dopplegang convertor. The strange object was still humming with restrained power.
“My knowledge of this instrument is, of course, somewhat out of date,” said Dr Tung. “However, it is my recollection that it will produce an exact duplicate of whatever it is focused on. The dopplegang image will appear south of the point at which the original object is located. This distance must be exactly set before the operation. We will now duplicate this vehicle and its passengers!”
Driver Garret looked surprised by this news. “Surely it will duplicate only relatively small objects” he said. “I had always assumed that it works only on small objects. This rail trolley is a very large object!”
“The principles of operation mean that size does not count,” said Dr Tung. “The machine could even replicate the entire planet Earth! Such an exercise would, of course, create problems!!! The dopplegang planet would balance on top of the first planet, creating a unique celestial phenomena! However, fortunately, we do not need to replicate planet Earth! So we will proceed! Alaric and Jake! Be so good as to take this measuring device and measure the distance from this trolley to the railway.”
He handed a measuring tape to Jake.
Jake and Alaric alighted from the train and carried out their task, measuring the distance from a point at the centre of the trolley to a point directly ahead on the railway. They returned to the carriage.
“It is 677 yards to the railway line,” said Jake.
Dr Tung now set the dials on the dopplegang convertor.
Object distance: 677 yds .
Object to be duplicated: Railway trolley plus occupants.
“I will now place the Convertor in position on the other side of the railway line,” said Dr Tung.
Followed by Driver Garret, he climbed down from the carriage and made his way to the railway, carrying the machine .The elves and dwarves watched from open windows. As Dr Tung reached the line he turned around and called back. “When the dopples appear you will get a rare opportunity to meet yourselves!”
The sound of the nearby battle reached a crescendo and almost drowned out his message
As the elves and dwarves stared, Dr Tung activated the dopplegang convertor. The strange machine seemed to burp, as if suffering indigestion and then an exact mirror image of the rail trolley appeared. The duplicate trolley popped into reality directly in front of the doctor and Driver Garret.
They both vanished from view as the dopple trolley appeared between them and the onlookers. “It is a perfect mirror image of this vehicle,” said Alaric, awed. “That is powerful magic indeed! And look at that!”
As he spoke a dopple version of himself appeared at the window opposite and waved. Alaric waved back. “Good afternoon to myself,” he said gaily
Dopple Stumpy, Dopple Grumpy and Dopple Little Sam all now appeared in the dopple trolley and waved. Stumpy, Grumpy and Little Sam waved back.
Eventually, Jake's own dopple appeared.
“Good afternoon,” shouted Jake.
“!noonretfA dooG” shouted the dopple.
“Sorry, what was that?” shouted Jake, puzzled.
“!Noonretfa doog dias I” was the reply.
Dr Tung and Driver Garret appeared from behind the dopple trolley. “Holding a conversation with a dopple requires training,” said Dr Tung. “The dopple you are speaking to is basically a total reversal of yourself. As you grow older, your dopple would grow younger. However, the Dopples will not have the opportunity to grow at all! They will all vanish into nothing in about 24 hours! But I am sure you will be proud of dopple neB as goes into battle on your behalf! I will now address my troops in Dopple!
!sevleS rouy ydaeR !sregnagelppoD
(Dopplegangers! Ready your selves!”)
The dopples are began putting on dopple backpacks.
Dr Tung handed a strange gun to Dopple odiF. The robot was already armed with an assortment of weapons which he had apparently retrieved from inside his body.
Literally festooned with armaments, the dopple robot now went to the front of the trolley and sat on the buffer beam. Dr Tung reached up and gave the robot a scarf, which he fastened around his metallic neck.
Dr Tung now gave each dopple a similar scarf. He stated that the scarves had a long military history, being used by kamikaze fighters in the Second World War.
“You are indeed my own kamikaze!” said Dr Tung looking fondly at the dopples as they fastened on the scarves. “Our cause is hopeless! We kamikaze are doomed. However, you will not be required to kill any human soldiers because the human cause is just! They are defending their home planet under the misapprehension that Jake and his party wish to invade it! In fact, all they want to do is go home. Train spotting has not been productive! But you dopples must realize that I will be forced to carry out a certain apparently treacherous action in the future. That action will be carried out for the protection of your original selves who will be hiding here waiting! They will remain here in the train while we, dopples and men, lay a false scent. The colonel will discover a lump of agate in my medical bag. I found it by the seashore near the MARS hospital. But the colonel will think that the agate is opium since it looks very similar. He will also find a syringe (which I brought in case I needed to inject vitamins) and he will also find a spoon (which I use for stirring my tea.) The Colonel will conclude that I am a drug addict although I have been cured of that debilitating vice by a long and very painful treatment! However, the colonel will believe that I am craving for opium! I hope he will swallow my entire story! Including the hook! Now I will dispose of the dopple converter.”
He twisted a knob on the side of that peculiar machine.
It instantly vanished. The gunfire coming from the line ahead then appeared to reach a climax as a column of smoke began to rise nearby. The gunfire gradually became subdued.
Only one gun kept firing. The sound then ceased entirely.
“Plucky little devils!” came the distant voice of Colonel Viljoen, shouting to his troops. “Aliens or not they have guts. They preferred death to capture! They committed alien hari kari”
“Oh, no we have not, Colonel! Or to be accurate, we have not yet committed irah irak!” said Dr Tung, speaking to the dopples. He now spoke to Jake, Alaric and the dwarves: “Goodbye, my dear friends! Goodbye FIDO and goodbye to the most admirable CLEO who is much more than one might imagine! Thank all of you for a tremendously interesting visit! Your dopples will now take your place and will be captured! Colonel Viljoen will get his deepest desires fulfilled, at least for a short time! Driver Garret and myself say goodbye and we salute you!”
Dr Tung activated the dopple I/I device and the vehicle and its passengers all vanished from view. With Driver Garett at the controls, inside a bubble of invisiblity and inaudiblity the dopple vehicle accelerated towards the crackling flames.
Some distance ahead of the dopple rail vehicle, Colonel Viljoen was looking sorrowfully at the shed. It was riddled with bullet holes and ablaze. The guns were silent. “Poor devils!” he said. “They died light years from their home in the stars! Shot full of holes defending a dingy old shed! Their invasion will never occur! Men, we have saved Earth!”
With commendable bravery, Corporal Jenny crept to a smashed window and looked inside the shed. “Colonel!” he shouted. “There is no sign of aliens! They are not here! The weapons are not manned! The machine guns have been on automatic! There is not an alien in sight!”
The Colonel sat on his shooting stick absorbing this news.
Behind him, the invisible inaudible dopple vehicle had now stopped a yard or so ahead of the points. They were currently set into the rail junction where the Colonel and his troops were located. Cloaked by a shield of invisibility, dopple FIDO jumped off the front of the rail vehicle and ran to the points. The dopple robot pulled the points to the forward position. He jumped back onto the buffer beam.
The dopple rail vehicle began to accelerate up the line.
In view of the previous loss of a rail trolley, a UFO trooper had been left to guard the motorized trolley. It was standing just inside the junction. The trooper watched in amazement as the points moved over without any human intervention. The sentry then saw the railway tracks ahead of the junction magically clear of rust. This occurred as the invisible, inaudible dopple train ran over the rails.
“Sir!” the trooper shouted. “The points have just moved! ! There is something on the railway line!”
Colonel Viljoen recovered rapidly.
“The damned aliens have worked a double cross!” he said. “They left auto machine guns in that shed. The plan was to distract us! They hid somewhere off the line. Their railcar was parked somewhere back down the line and they made both the railcar and a branch line invisible! This is total war with a new and hideous dimension! These alien invaders believe they have escaped the long arm of Justice! But they cannot travel over a railway line that is not there! It doesn’t matter if it is invisible or not. The rotters are in for a shock when they try to go through Bonnie Doom!”
He rubbed his hands together in satisfaction. “Yes, they are in for a shock all right! Corporal Jenny! Get us back onto the main line. We will follow them to the ambush site. If they spot the missing rails and stop the train we will be there behind them, blocking the line! They can't go forward and they can’t go back!”
“But, sir! They may hide somewhere again and then reverse when we have passed!” said Corporal Jenny.
“No problem, Corporal! I've already covered that possibility. The lines have been lifted near Healesville. The alien rats are trapped. We can’t see them, we can’t hear them but we can still shoot them to bits when their ghost railcar derails! On to Bonnie Doom!”
A soldier reset the points and Corporal Jenny then reversed the trolley back onto the main railway line. Colonel Viljoen dialled a number on his mobile phone. “Staff Sergeant Jake!” he snapped. “Stand by for the ambush. Triple red alert! Aliens approaching! They are invisible and inaudible! You will not see them. You will not hear them! But they are in our rail vehicle and it must have rails to run on!”
He climbed into the trolley.
They began rolling down the line towards Mansfield.
The dopple rail trolley itself had now passed Molesworth and was nearing Cathkin. Aboard the trolley, Dr Tung switched off the I/I device and the thunder of the engine roared around the cab
On the front buffer bar, robot FIDO stood like a golden figurehead. His strange gun was held at the ready. His other armaments were strapped around his body available for immediate use when required. .
Shortly the dopple rail car approached Cathkin. Driver Garret said: “I used to drive goods trains from this junction to Korjello and Alexandria. The rails on that branch were lifted. It’s fortunate the rails to Mansfield are still in situ!”
“I do not believe that we will be able to travel quite as far as Mansfield, said Dr Tung. “Colonel Viljoen is no fool. He is now aware that we have an Invisibility/Inaudibility device. He will have rails removed at some point along this line. When we reach that point we will be derailed while still invisible! But we will be travelling very slowly so that the accident will cause minimal damage. Our dopple passengers will disembark while we are still invisible and they will attempt to escape. Once they have left the I/I device will be switched off. The UFO troops will conclude that the shock of the crash has jolted us into view. odiF will open fire! He will use his special gun to turn some troopers into peaceniks. Once he is out of special peacenik ammo he will use his normal machine guns and rockets. But he will fail to hit any human targets! It would be unfair to kill earthmen who believe they are defending our own planet! We must inevitably lose the battle and we will all be captured. I will reveal the location of the dopple elves and dwarves so that the Colonel can arrest us. He will be satisfied that he has finally claimed his elusive alien prey!!”
The dopple trolley moved forward. They passed the old station at Yark. They roared through Kanumbra and then Merton. There were no signs of hindrance. They approached Woodfield and Dr Tung debated with Driver Garret in respect to turning on the I/I device. “I have a hunch that we are close to the site of an ambush!” said Dr Tung. “But it must be further along the line. I will switch on the device half a mile from Bonnie Doom station! That is the likeliest site. We must prepare for derailment!”
A mile past Woodford Dr Tung switched on the I/I device. The trolley duly vanished. Driver Garret then slowed the trolley to a virtual crawl. They began to approach the disused station buildings at Bonnie Doom. Some two hundred yards from the station the rails suddenly ended and the invisible inaudible dopple trolley derailed, falling on to its side as Dr Tung and Driver Garret hung on for dear life.
At the front of the locomotive, dopple robot odiF somehow kept his balance as the vehicle toppled. The robot jumped onto the track, holding his weapon at the ready. The other dopples climbed out and crept into scrubland opposite the station. The contact mines buried around the site were easy to spot and did not hinder the fugitives. They left under the shield of invisibility provided by the I/I device. Even when they emerged from the shield they moved so skillfully that they were not seen by the waiting troops.
Once the dwarves and elves had vanished into the field Dr Tung appeared to be satisfied with progress. “So!” he said “The trap is sprung! The UFO army has caught the ghost train or rather the ghost trolley! Let the battle of Bonnie Doom begin!” He pressed a switch on the I/I device and the dopple train flashed back into visibility and audibility.
The dopple robot immediately opened fire with the strange gun given to him by Dr Tung. At this opening stage of the battle, the dopple robots aim was uncanny. UFO troops went down like ninepins as he hosed them with what appeared to be a spray of white energy. Eventually the gun ran out of charge. As the robot switched to a machine gun, new troops climbed in bravely and manned the forward trench.
Dopple odiF’s aim now became strangely erratic.
The dopple robot now seemed unable to hit a target and merely sprayed the station with bullets. This inaccuracy was later considered to be the result of damage caused by the first round of fire from the human troops. Increasing waves of incoming ordinance were now focused on the rail trolley and the robot. The UFO troops began pouring in automatic gunfire. The battle raged like a wild and savage storm. On both sides, windows were smashed and holes appeared all over the exterior of the station and the dopple rail car. At the same time hundreds of high velocity bullets smashed the dopple robots body.
Incredibly, dopple odiF appeared to be undamaged. High velocity bullets apparently had no effect as they ricocheted off the golden metal skin. Both the robot and the dopple rail trolley took an immense amount of fire.
Sparks flew from the wheels and steel undercarriage. Bullets punctured the skin of the vehicle. All the windows were fragmented as the withering fire continued.
Dr Tung and Driver Garret had sheltered in a hole behind the rear of the carriage. They took no part in the fight. Dopple robot odiF emptied his machine gun and then loosed a Predator rocket, blowing off the roof of the station. The troops responded with heavy weaponry in the form of a heat seeking Cobra launched from a point south of the station.
The Cobra hissed towards the helpless derailed trolley. Dopple robot FIDO stood defiantly on the front buffer. The rocket detonated with a massive explosion, knocking a large hole in his golden chest.
Yet, even then, dopple odiF was not disabled by this tremendous blow! He simply started reloading his machine gun, feeding in a new belt of ammunition.
The UFO troops studied the robot through viewfinders.
Staff Sergeant Jake, later promoted to UFO Major General Jake for his bravery in this action stood up and emptied a full clip of .503 ammo at the robot. But dopple odiF again appeared to be unharmed by this lethal blizzard. The volley comprised one incendiary pathfinder bullet to five dum dums. The incendiaries clearly marked the path of the bullets. Oddly, FIDO did not seem to be at all aware that Staff Sergeant Jake was firing at him. The staff sergeant made the easiest of targets through his courageous but foolhardy action. It would seem that dopple odiF could have easily shot the staff sergeant and this observation was made at the Action Postmortem. The panel concluded that the robot had definitely been damaged in the opening fusillade and was not working at full efficiency. This observation seemed to be justified by events. The dopple robot continued to blaze away with his machine gun, spraying the station with bullets but inexplicably missing all the human targets.
He loosed a rain of bullets which had no effect except to produce more holes in the station building. A number of posters advertising Francine's Antiques, Pat McKay's Revue and Jenny's Sunday Market Stall were damaged.
Then the motorized trolley carrying Colonel Viljoen and his party appeared some distance down the line. As soon as the trolley came into view, Dopple FIDO fired two smoke shells. Colonel Viljoen saw the roiling smoke and immediately assumed that the aliens were about to pull some new trick. They might use a time machine to escape into the past or the future. They might have some unknown system which would enable them to escape into another dimension! They might do something which would deprive him of his glittering prize -- the capture of alien spies plus a large booty of advanced alien equipment. These bleak thoughts flashed through his mind as he saw the upturned trolley and its guardian robot vanish inside a blanket of smoke.
He immediately phoned Staff Sergeant Jake and said:
“Use the tactical Pulverizer now! Destroy that robot!”
Staff Sgt Jake: “But, sir! What about the radioactivity?”
Colonel Viljoen: “We are all suited up, staff! These aliens are interstellar spies! They intend to seize our planet! We cannot show mercy when the odds are so great! Fire the Pulverizer on my recorded order! Target: robot! A focused blast will destroy the robot but leave the carriage untouched for future examination!”
Staff Sgt Jake: “Yes, sir! I will start the countdown!”
The countdown began. “Ten, nine, eight.”
UFO troops donned suits and scurried into extremely deep holes prepared against use of the nuclear bomb. Dr Tung said: “I think we should move away from the trolley now.” He carried the I/I device as the two men scurried through the smoke. They dived into an extremely deep bunker located behind a giant tree. Dopple robot odiF continued to fire. He was now using his ppurK machine gun. He began loosing another hail of bullets towards the station building. The UFO troops had stopped firing, busily ensuring that various sensitive parts were insulated against radioactivity.
“Seven, six, five, four….”
Now the only sound came from dopplegang odiF’'s machine gun. Rat a tat! Rat a tat! Rat a tat! His bullets slammed into the station building, already scarred with bullet holes.
“Three, two, one, ignition!”
The Pulverizer roared from its mobile launcher and made what may have been the shortest ever operational flight of an intercontinental tight focus ballistic missile. The rocket zoomed straight up to 10,000 ft and then dived back down to a point a few metres in front of the dopple rail vehicle. The nuke exploded. Dopplegang robot odiF was vaporized by the ensuing fireball. Yet amazingly, the tight focus of the blast left the rear of the rail car completely intact although scorched and highly radioactive. And despite sheltering some fifteen meters below ground, both Dr Tung and Driver Garret were far to close to Ground Zero. They instantly became violently radioactive.
Both glowed with a strange green radiance.
All that remained of dopple odiF was a fused heap of shining golden radioactive metal. Dr Tung pushed the I/I machine into a hole inside the bunker.
He covered the hole with rocks and soil Then….
“Time to surrender!” he said.
Dr Tung and Driver Garret appeared on the station side of the train with hands up. Dressed in his full anti-radiation suit, with name tag and rank embroidered above his heart, Colonel Viljoen approached the two men. He was accompanied by a squad of troopers in protective gear. All the soldiers, including the colonel, had guns drawn and cocked.
“Traitors to your race!” snarled the colonel. Inside the protective plastic helmet his face was twisted with rage. “I would like to have you both executed immediately but I must first flush out your alien employers! Tell them to come out with appendages held up in submission to superior force!”
“Appendages, Colonel? They have arms and legs like you and I. What should they hold up? Arms or legs? “ said Dr Tung. The prospect of immediate execution did not seem to bother him at all. Colonel Viljoen fumed at this impudent remark. Finally he got his emotions under control.
“Search whats left of the carriage, men!” he said. “I will guard these vermin! I will refrain from shooting them! They will die a slow death from radioactivity! I could give them an antidote but as they will not tell me where the aliens are they can stew in their own radioactive juices! No mercy!”
Three troopers wearing protective suits jumped into the carriage and searched it. They found Dr Tung's medical bag lying on the floor of the train.
“The aliens appear to have escaped, Colonel!” shouted a trooper. “There is nothing in here except a black bag.”
“Well, they won't get far,” said the colonel. “I have a ring of steel around this whole area. They have no chance to get out. In any case, I have the two human traitors and now I have all your equipment, too, Dr Tung.”
He held up the medical bag.
Dr Tung. suddenly cried: “They MUST escape! They can become invisible whenever they please! They will pass like ghosts in the night! You will never catch them, never! And they have promised to send the mother ship to rescue me and give me immortal life!”
He seemed to be almost babbling and he was sweating profusely. He looked nervously at the medical bag in the hands of Colonel Viljoen.
“I trust you will return my medical bag, Colonel!” said Dr Tung. “After all, I am a doctor. My bag contains medicinal herbs of value only to a doctor! “ The Colonel now searched through the bag. He looked briefly at the strange metal globe which the doctor had used earlier in his initial attempt to revive his patients. The colonel then found a set of acupuncture needles in a small ivory case. He ignored both items and then found a lump of yellow crystal. He rummaged further and found a spoon, a candle and a syringe.
He showed his discoveries to Dr Tung who looked even more disturbed. “Medicinal herbs?” said Colonel Viljoen. “This is certainly not medicinal, doctor! It is opium! You are addicted to opium! I am holding the tools of an opium addict! I am holding your stash!”
Dr Tung fell on his knees. “No, no, no, colonel. The contents of my bag are medicinal! I am treating myself for the Lurgi! I need one more fix for a cure! One more fix! I must have a fix! Return my stash!”
The Colonel looked at him in disgust then turned to Driver Garret. “And what are you addicted to?” he asked. “What has reduced you to your current despicable state, a traitor to the human race? Was it smack, speed or an opiate?”
Driver Garret shook his head. “No sir! It was magic!”
“Magic? That must be some new drug from the devils kitchen. In any event, I have your opium, Dr Tung. I have your precious chemical, oh addicted one! And you have knowledge of the aliens hiding place. May I suggest an exchange? Tell me where they are and I will return your stash! Refuse my request and I will burn this bag and watch you writhe in agony as you attempt to withdraw from your addiction! Tell me: where are they hiding!”
To reinforce his offer, he aimed his Styr at the ground near to the doctor’s feet and fired a burst of incendiary bullets. The doctor danced to avoid the bullets,
Appearing distraught, Dr Tung then tried to rush forward and grab the colonel. He was stopped by a burly trooper with a fully cocked machine pistol.
“I must have my stash!” cried Dr Tung. “I MUST have it! Give it back to me!”
“Where are they, Dr Tung. Where are your little alien friends? Even if they escape you cannot get away! You will suffer the pangs of hell as you pant for your opium!” cried Colonel Viljoen. “Where are they?”
Dr Tung now appeared to break down completely, sobbing as he fell on his knees. “The pressure is too great!” he cried. “I am torn between being a decent human being or a friend of strange aliens with big ears! They refuse to tell me why they want to map certain areas of this planet! Have they really come to help the human race as they claim? I am torn with doubt! I may have been conned! Well, I will no longer help them!!! Colonel, inside my bag you will find a flash lamp. The aliens are hiding in the field! The lamp will cause a special paint on their hats to light up! Now, in the name of mercy return my stash!!!”
He began rocking backwards and forwards moaning.
The Colonel rummaged through the bag and found a hand lamp. He switched it on. The lamp produced a beam of blue light. He shone the lamp onto the field. The beam picked out five bright spots of light, revealing the hiding places of the dopplegangers. They had already slipped through the cordon of troops and were set to make a clean escape.
“I have you rotten aliens in view!” shouted the Colonel using a megaphone. “I can clearly see your hats! I have high velocity weapons targeted on each of you! Stand up and put your hands above your heads!”
The doppleganger elves and dwarves all obediently stood up with hands raised. Troops moved across the field. The five dopplegangers were taken into custody and immediately forced into handcuffs and leg irons. All five were then chained together. They were frog marched across the field to join Doctor Tung and Driver Garret.
Doctor Tung held his bag and was cradling it like a baby.
“I had to tell them!” he said to dopplegang neB. “They had my opium! They know Driver Garret also has a secret habit! Forgive me your Royal Highness! I am too weak to be of service to your noble cause!”
Colonel Viljoen took immediate note of the phrase “Your Royal Highness.” Obviously, he had caught a very big alien fish in his net! He ordered the prisoners to be loaded onto a transport plane which was standing by.
Colonel Viljoen then made a triumphant phone call to General Galoshes. This call was picked up by CLEO who was resident in the rail trolley which remained inside a disused railway shed located about one mile east of Molesworth station.
CLEO played the message over a loudspeaker.
Jake. Alaric and the dwarves listened as Colonel Viljoen spoke: General Galoshes, sir! Break out the champagne! We have the whole bunch. Five nasty little aliens! Two look like small boys with big ears! And three horrible hairy dwarves. Finally we have two traitorous men, probably both drug addicts! The men are both radioactive as I was obliged to use a tightly focused nuke. We also have alien gear and what remains of our stolen railway vehicle. We destroyed a robot which was defending the train. The aliens almost escaped! Apparently one of them is a royal prince!”
General Galoshes: “Well done, well done, well done! You have saved Earth from disaster! Bring the aliens and the two human traitors back to Darwin immediately! I will have teams standing by to begin interrogation! We must squeeze everything from themDid we take casualties?”
Colonel Viljoen: “Yes, sir. Twenty UFO troopers were downed by the robot using some unknown weapon. The men have all recovered but they have turned into pacifists! Refuse to fight! They want to make love not war!”
General Galoshes: “Send them back by road. They can travel in what's left of the carriage. That will give the peaceniks a long, hard, hot journey! Then we'll have them treated by the psycho quacks! Shock therapy will put them right!”
Colonel Viljoen: “Sir, the carriage is radioactive!”
General Galoshes: “But you say these men are pacifists? Send them in the carriage! Let them fry! We don't want a load of refuseniks infecting the battalion.”
Colonel Viljoen: “Sir, the soldiers were actually fighting but they were hit by a strange alien weapon. It caused loss of desire to fight. I believe we should bring them in the plane. They should be studied by the medic's. We must investigate the effects of the alien weapon.”
General Galoshed: “Very well, Colonel, bring them in!”
“Yes, sir. We are about to take off.Our ETA is 0.900hrs.”
The phone disconnected.
Inside the original rail trolley, parked inside its shed, Grumpy waved his dagger angrily. “How dare that fellow call me a horrible hairy dwarf! If I ever see him, I will teach him a lesson! I’ll shave his whiskers off!”
Jake looked at the Grumpy's lush beard. “Well, you are a little on the hairitute (hirstute) side,” he said. “In any case, he was referring to your dopple.”
CLEO immediately corrected his English. “The correct word for a hairy person is hirsute,” she said. “Hirsute means hairy or having an abundance of hair.”
“The Colonel thinks we are aliens,” said Alaric. “That is We are aliens. We do come from another universe.”
This brought on a heated rejoinder from Jake that he was not an alien. He was actually a human boy! Only his alien ears came from another universe. To forestall the usual follow up story on Jake's theories about his kidnapping and subsequent ear exchanges Alaric asked a general question.
“Where did you dwarves originate?”
This remark started a long discussion among the dwarves in respect to various theories on their origin. Eventually, FIDO announced that it was time for supper.



Chapter 18
Flight to Darwin


The UFO Division plane proved to be a vintage Douglas DC 4. It was parked in a large sports field near to the station. The dopple elves and dwarves were marched to the plane in chain gang fashion, chained together with leg irons and handcuffs. They were hustled aboard by UFO troopers with drawn weapons. The two men were loaded onto the plane in a similar way. They were both now wearing plastic overalls so that they would not contaminate the interior of the plane. However, they were not wearing restraints because, as Colonel Viljoen later explained to General Galoshes, “Austerity measures meant that only had five sets of leg irons and handcuffs. These were used on the aliens who represented the prime catch.”
The prisoners were seated in a row along one side of the cabin, with the men next to them . The “peacenik” troopers who had been exposed to dopple odiF's initial assault were seated in a second cabin behind the captives. These men immediately began singing old love songs which seemed to be highly inappropriate inside a military transport plane.
Four troopers who had not been affected by the alien weapon now climbed aboard and sat down, facing the captives. They were all wearing anti radiation suits. But even though their faces were masked by plastic visors it was apparent that they were a tough bunch. They appeared to be absolutely ready to shoot an alien without the slightest degree of reticence.
Their weapons were fully cocked ready for instant use
Still wearing his own protective anti radiation suit, Colonel Viljoen climbed aboard carrying five dopple rucksacks. He loaded the items into a safe at the front end of the cabin.
Then he locked the safe and addressed dopple NeB.
“We have all your secrets now!” he said. “Your invasion fleet will find earth is ready and willing to defend herself! Do you wish to negotiate or do you prefer that you and all your alien kind should perish?”
“Reeb eht rof ereh ylno ma I, oidaR niontats YX3 skcor!” said dopple neB (I am only here for the beer! Radio station 3XY rocks! “)
The colonel did not understand dopple. But subsequent analysis of tapes made on board the plane was extensively studied by linguistic experts. They rapidly deciphered dopple by playing the tapes backwards. Analysis indicated that the alien had probably heard the phrases “I'm only here for the beer!” and “radio station 3XY rocks!” listening to intercepts.
In any event, Colonel Viljoen did not understand dopple and he assumed that the alien was speaking in some kind of unknown language. “Can you interpret this alien lingo?” he said, addressing Dr Tung
“Samtsirhc etihw a fo gnimaerd saw eh dais evah yam eh eveileb I!” said Dr Tung. (“I believe he may have said he was dreaming of a white Christmas!”)
The colonel snorted in disgust,
“He is as high as a kite!” he said to the troopers. “Now he is talking nonsense! Still, watch out for any tricks. Don't hesitate to shoot if they attempt to escape! This plane is not pressurized so a few holes won't matter!”
As the plane started to jolt over a rough landing strip the colonel moved forward to sit with the pilot and recount details of the recent battle.
Soon they were airborne and heading north towards Darwin. The plane faced a long trip, with an estimated 18 hours flying time plus refuelling at a secret base in the desert. The plane droned on and on. One by one the troopers fell asleep. Despite the discomfort of handcuffs and leg irons the dopple elves and dwarves also fell asleep.
Soon, only the doctor and Driver Garret were left awake.
“Well, my friend! Soon it will be time to leave for the MARS hospital!” said Dr Tung. “I can only hope that your assistance in this venture will help you get an early discharge! I will certainly give you a very strong recommendation! Your assistance has been invaluable.”
A record of this conversation was later analysed by the UFO Group. The puzzling reference to a hospital on Mars led to a great deal of conjecture.
Some seven hours into the flight, about ten minutes short of the refuelling point, dopple neB and dopple ciralA popped out of existence. There was a kind of abbreviated plop and both dopples vanished. Two sets of leg irons and bracelets fell to the floor of the plane, waking the guards. They immediately sounded the alarm, bringing Colonel Viljoen racing back to the cabin. It now housed two sets of empty restraints, three dopple dwarves, two male prisoners and the UFO guards.
As Colonel Viljoen stood looking at the dopple dwarves, all three popped out of view simultaneously. Bracelets and leg irons fell to the floor of the plane.
“What the hell?” cried the Colonel.
“No!” said Dr Tung. “They have not gone there, Colonel. You might say they have gone nowhere.”
Again, this enigmatic remark was recorded and a highly paid group of scientists spent some time attempting to understand it. The consensus was that the aliens had escaped to a mother ship parked in hyperspace.
There was (and is) profound disagreement as to whether such space actually exists. In any event, Colonel Viljoen had no additional time to question Dr Tung. The doctor suddenly produced what looked like a short cylinder from his medical bag. “He has a bomb!” cried one of the soldiers.
The doctor merely smiled in his curious fashion and pressed a button on the side of the cylinder. A glowing area then appeared directly in front of the doctor and Driver Garret.
They both executed a simultaneous diving exit into what appeared to be a mirage. As they left Dr Tung shouted: “Goodbye Colonel! Proud to have meet you!”
The colonel immediately assumed that the two traitors had dived out of the place and committed hari kari. But no bodies were ever found despite a careful search, carried out with the assistance of skilled trackers.
A subsequent telephone call made by Colonel Viljoen was intercepted by computer CLEO. It was played to the elves and dwarves sheltering in the rail trolley.
Colonel Viljoen: “Sir, the damned aliens have slipped the coop! We had them in irons, handcuffed, closely guarded! They all vanished. Simply popped out of existence. Then that Chinese fella and his friend both committed hari kari! They dived out of the aircraft at 25,000 ft!”
General Galoshes: “Dived out of the aircraft, Colonel? Dived out??? Did you secure and lock the door? Leaving a door unlocked and unsecured in a UFO Command aircraft is a clear violation of Rule 66/234 which states that all doors must be fully secured and locked before takeoff!”
Colonel Viljoen. “The door was fully secured and locked! The hull is completely intact and the door is still locked! The blighter shone some kind of device onto the hull and they both appeared to dive out. We have no idea how they escaped. We did not open fire because my troops thought the Chinaman was holding a bomb and intended to kill us all!”
General Galoshes: “A clear case of hari kari! The two humans repented and used an alien device to exit the plane and fall to earth! Planet Earth herself took revenge on the traitors! Did they have any last words?”
“The doctor shouted Goodbye Colonel! Proud to have met you!” said Colonel Viljoen.
General Galoshes: “That may be in code. I will have the analysts work it over. Well, the captives have gone but we still have alien materials. We have the contents of the rucksacks! We have the remains of the carriage which will be subject to full forensic. And Dr Doddle is still working at the site of the underground hideout. We definitely have plenty for our boffins to work on. And we now know for certain that aliens are spying on our planet! They probably have the aim of enslaving the human race! They must have used some kind of matter transmitter to escape from the plane. It was probably focused from a mother ship in orbit! It proves my theory that the human race must have armed spaceships to guard Earth! We can zap them when they arrive! In any case, this event will help our finances! Did you clear the site at Bonnie Doom?”
Colonel Viljoen: “Yes, sir. The ground squad loaded the carriage into the transporter and they are now on their way back to base. The ambush site itself was somewhat damaged, with a number of bullet holes in and around the station building plus a couple of bomb craters. We replaced the rails which we lifted for the ambush. Unfortunately the area around the station is still highly radioactive. I have posted signs banning visitors. The signs state that the area was contaminated by a truck which crashed and lost a load of uranium 235.”
General Galoshes. “Ingenious, colonel, ingenious! But the fact that the area is now radioactive and cannot be used for 49,999 years is of little importance weighed against your brilliant coup which has brought us alien hardware! You have done well, Colonel. It was truly a case of holding the bit between your teeth. I was almost persuaded to give up the chase but your ambush has proved a winner! We have the spoils of war! The first bout of a great interstellar battle between aliens and earth has been decided in our favor!!”
The connection closed.
Inside the parked rail vehicle it was now well after nightfall as CLEO played the message to the listening elves and dwarves. They had finished eating. Once again they had enjoyed a surprisingly tasty meal made from the contents of cans kept in the rail trolley. The meal had been washed down with glasses of Twisty Water, Zesty Lemon flavor. FIDO was now outside in the rail yard replacing the missing sections of rail. Once he had completed his task, Jake resumed his role of driver, against protests from CLEO who said he was not certified to drive a rail trolley. Fortunately the rail trolley was a simple machine to operate and Jake had no problems. He backed the rail car down the spur onto the main line. FIDO operated the points, switching the rail trolley onto the main line and then switching them back to straight ahead. The robot climbed back into the rail trolley as they accelerated. As they roared down the main line, Jake thought about the bravery shown by Driver Garret. That individuals previous career as a wizard had been erased in Jake's estimation. Driver Garret was a true friend.



Chapter 19
Going up or down?


The railcar carrying the elves and dwarves now rolled on towards Cathkin. Despite the roaring of the diesel engine, the screech of wheels on rails and the howling wind, the dwarves were busy playing a new round of Stuff It! They were crouching over a seat lit by a hand lantern. CLEO had printed two replica cards to replace the missing pair of cards. Although the replicas were not printed on alien metal, they still looked acceptable. In view of the seemingly endless winning streak of Little Sam, CLEO had offered to teach the two older dwarves “winning strategies for mature card players.” Her offer had been curtly refused. Once the two older dwarves realized that one card had been missing from the pack during all games prior to their sojourn in Yea they had brightened up considerably. They had concluded that the missing card made all previous games null and void.
Little Sam protested that he had not knowingly cheated.
They had all had a level playing field.
But he was still judged totally guilty by Stumpy and Grumpy.
The two elder dwarves decided that Little Sam was to be heavily fined. Despite his vigorous protests of total innocence, he was ordered to pay a large fine. He would lose all his previous winnings plus the cancellation of any possible victories made by him in twelve future games!
It was pointed out that there was now, of course, the definite chance that Little Sam would never win again! His previous winning streak was the result of criminal activity! Little Sam, the card sharp, was now required to play with a full pack of cards. He was up against two experienced, highly talented players! He would probably be left starkers. He would have to beg for mercy! Stumpy pointed out this scenario at some length before the trolley left the old shed where they had been hiding.
However, so far, the “starkers” scenario had not occurred. In fact, the opposite had transpired. As they passed through Cathkin, Little Sam had already won five games and was proceeding well on game six. Stumpy and Grumpy were again looking harassed. The fact that Little Sam smirked after each win did not help matters.
The railcar clattered on into the night. Jake was driving. When CLEO protested that he was still totally banned from driving any motor vehicle, Alaric had intervened and persuaded the computer that the ban did not apply to a rail car. A rail car was a motorized railway vehicle rather than a road vehicle. It did not travel on a road. Thus Jake was allowed to drive. CLEO was currently: “considering Lord Alarics’s analysis.” the meantime Jake was allowed to drive. He appeared to have reformed and was driving at a sedate speed. He was currently staring intently at the track ahead. A wandering moon, which kept vanishing behind clouds, gave some light. The railcar passed through the deserted overgrown stations of Yark, Kanumbra. Merton and then Woodfield without incident.
Jake and Alaric could now see the dim shape of Bonnie Doom station ahead. Although there were no lights, the station was illuminated by beams of moonlight. The deserted buildings showed clear and obvious signs of recent mayhem. Every window was broken. Woodwork was pock marked with bullet holes. Even the brickwork was damaged while most of the nearby vegetation was charred and burnt. And the entire area glowed with a strange white light.
“This whole place is radio active.” said CLEO. “The doctor hid our I/I device in a deep trench behind the glowing tree but it is now unusable. Inner circuits have fused!! You are advised not to stop! Proceed at maximum speed.”
The railcar passed the station and sped on into the night.
At about the same moment, some distance to the northeast, the road transporter carrying the dopple carriage suddenly lifted on its springs. The transporter had been carrying the remains of the dopple carriage and a blob of melted metal representing the remains of dopple robot odiF. When the driver stopped to check his load, he was astounded to discover that his cargo had vanished. However, Colonel McInnis was not entirely surprised when he received this news. His plane had already landed in Darwin and he had discovered that the aircraft safe was empty. It was devoid of the items collected from the captives. In terms of alien materials he was now left with two playing cards! He faced the prospect of a court martial. He would have to explain how he “lost” five aliens, two humans, the remains of one rail trolley, a fused robot and items of alien hardware.
While Colonel Viljoen pondered on the prospect of being either executed or cashiered, the stolen railcar carrying the fugitives was rolling on towards Maindample. The station was shown on CLEO's map as being located 122.5 miles from Melbourne on the line to Mansfield. As they pulled into the station, which was overgrown with weeds, Jake suddenly decided to stop. He would consult the computer in respect to planning the next section of the journey. He might also get a snack.
As they drew to a halt, FIDO brought out cups of Elvish tea. The dwarves stopped their latest game. Jake moved back from the drivers seat and they all sat together in the middle of the vehicle. Alaric held up CLEO’s rail map. Light from the dwarves lamps illuminated the map. They could see the markings of a path. It started at Old Maindimple station and lead up to a mountain carrying the legend St Bernards Peak (8,650 ft.) On the map, a red light flickered on and off at the summit of the mountain.
“The light shows the probable location of Gateway Four.” said CLEO. “Gateway Central's Notes on Gateways states that this Gateway is a One Way Request Stop (Alternating Direction.) I have no information on what is meant by Alternating Direction. However, my Schedule states that the gate will be operative in five hours, local time.”
“Well, there is no point in travelling further along the railway,” said Alaric. “The Prince did well to stop here! He must have had a feeling that we were close to a Gateway.”
Jake protested that the only feeling he had was hunger. FIDO then produced a plate of sandwiches!!!
Jake began eating rapidly as Alaric continued:
“Obviously, our best course is to climb the mountain and use the Gateway. This station is located at a high altitude so we are not faced with a long climb to the summit. And the Prince may have gained enough Virtue to open the Gateway.”
“Gained enough Virtue from doing what?” said Stumpy. “He has done nothing virtuous except hide in that water tower with the rest of us!”
“Well, let's have a look at the Virtue situation,” said Alaric.
“Sweating it out bravely when you are scared is also highly virtuous. And, as I recall, in the dim light inside the watering tower he definitely looked noble despite the peril!”
“He did not look noble,” said Stumpy. “He looked frightened. His knees were knocking underwater!”
“Well,” said Alaric “I have to concede another possibility. Dr Tung may have given his Majesty an extra dollop of Virtue as a goodbye gift. As to whether the Prince now has enough Virtue we will put that matter to the test. Prince Jake, please bring out your globe of Virtue”
Fighting back the urge to argue about yet another description of himself as Prince, Jake brought out the globe of Virtue.
It was hanging on a chain around his neck.
The globe was now filled with an intense white light.
“There you are!” said Alaric. “It appears that his Majesty now does have sufficient Virtue to open a Gateway. We must proceed to the summit of St Bernard's Peak and get home.”
“You are certainly a royal loyalist! “ said Grumpy. “I would say we were very, very lucky when Dr Tung turned up to get us off the hook. And I would bet all my winnings that Jake would not have any extra virtue on his own account!”
Little Sam butted in. “You would bet all your winnings? What winnings? You haven't won anything. You have no winnings in your account!”
It was impossible to miss the consequence of this impertinent comment. Grumpy's face screwed up as if he was in pain. His right hand dropped to his side and tightened around the handle of his knife. Reading the signs of acute danger, Little Sam hastily reached for his rucksack and strapped it on. The other dwarves and elves all began shouldering into their packs. Grumpy calmed down and joined the activity.
CLEO suddenly made an announcement: “As a safety measure, in case the Gateway is not fully operative or is not completely usable, I have broken out five sleighs from stores. FIDO has expanded the sleighs which may be strapped over your backpacks and used to slide back to this train if necessary. Each sleigh is the latest Super Zooper. These sleighs can attain very high speeds without the use of ski wax! They will not require waxing! Before you depart, would anyone care to hear a lecture on how to avoid hidden obstacles while sleighing downhill at high speed?”
“Not really,” said Stumpy rudely.
FIDO was now holding a pile of sleighs in his outstretched arms. Stumpy grabbed a sleigh and strapped it over his rucksack. He continued: “What we really need is a snowmobile to take us up to the peak. Do you have a snowmobile in your inventory, Miss Fusspot CLEO?”
“No, I do not have a snowmobile.” said CLEO.
“In that case shut up!” said Stumpy. He was still upset by Little Sam's cheeky remarks and his own constant stream of losses. How could a mere adolescent like Little Sam continually beat an expert card sharp? It was a true enigma.
Grumbling to himself, Stumpy opened the carriage door and climbed out. He was followed by Grumpy and Little Sam. They were all burdened with packs plus sleds. Jake picked up a sleigh offered by the robot and strapped it behind his pack.
He climbed down from the carriage on to the dark platform. Finally, Alaric, similarly equipped, descended from the train. The party left the station and began following a meandering muddy track towards the foothills of the mountain.
As they left, FIDO powered himself down. He stood motionless, next to his nuclear stove. In the carriage, only CLEO was still fully awake. The computer, powered by her internal battery, continued her task of scanning all frequencies while amusing herself by playing simultaneous chess on the Internet (under the code name Jolly Molly.)
Away from the rail trolley, the party struggled upwards over a muddy track apparently made by mountain goats. The foothills suddenly became a steep, rocky incline. Under the weight of heavy packs and sleighs. The party struggled upward, Even Alaric, who normally seemed to dance around, was obliged to simply plod on. Jake kept asking them to stop for a quick snack. When Stumpy pointed out that they had no food, Jake suggested they could return to the train, have a good meal and a long snooze. They could try again the following night. Alaric ruined this idea by reminding him that transport would only appear that very night.
It might not then return for some very considerable time.
They must press on.
Jake now regretted the fact that he had not demanded a proper hot meal before leaving the carriage. Six sandwiches were hardly enough. He was even more regretful that he had stopped the railcar at all. It would have been far easier driving on than trudging up the side of a mountain.
However, Alaric would not agree to his frequent request for a rest halt and merely said they must press on. Shortly, the few stunted trees growing on the rock strewn hill gave way to a snowfield. It stretched upward, glistening in the moonlight. They crunched through the snow. Suddenly Jake's weariness vanished. He had an inspiring vision of himself as a member of the first party to ascend St Bernard's Peak! He was a member of The First Ascent! He would get a special badge and probably be featured on the news! He rehearsed a modest smile for TV. It would be important to look modest and unassuming. As they trudged forward, Jake planned his victory speech. He would ignore the popping lights of the cameramen. He would gaze at some unseen inner vision. “It was just another peak.” he would say, slowly, after apparently thinking hard. “It is my aim, my unshakeable aim to climb all the worlds great peaks including this one.” He would then mention the fact that this peak had probably beaten off hundreds of prior attempts. Even for an expert like himself the mountain had proved a challenge. There were difficult pitches up to and including Grade 1. This grade was regarded by many climbers as impossible! But he had prevailed!” This scenario cheered him up immensely. He plodded on quite cheerfully.
The peak was now visible a short distance ahead.



Chapter 20
Interdimensional Bus Stop


Eventually, they reached a rocky plateau which proved to be the top of the mountain. They unpacked the sleds, sat down on them and waited. Above, the heavens sparkled with millions of brilliant, glittering stars. The clouds had vanished and a yellow crescent moon sat coyly just above the horizon.
Suddenly, there was a double explosion and a brilliant flash of green light. An object appeared in the sky to the north.
“It's a plane!” cried Little Sam. “It's a plane about to crash!”
They all watched in horror as the bright object zoomed towards them. Just as it appeared certain to crash into the mountain, the object suddenly jerked upwards and executed a perfect landing on the flat mountaintop.
It rolled to a stop near to them.
“It's not a plane,” said Little Sam. “It's an old bus!”
And the object did indeed appear to be a battered old bus. It was colored red. A large sign on one side said Multiverse Bus Company. Above the drivers cab a destination board read: Universe 1 Down. The bus stood with its engine running. The engine sounded rough, missing beats and back firing. Yellow smoke poured from the exhaust, causing the waiting passengers to cough and splutter. Abruptly, the engine stopped and the exhaust ceased. Lights inside the bus stayed on as the driver climbed out. The driver wore a cap with a shiny peak and a badge Multiverse Bus Co. He had a peculiar face. His eyes were set wide apart and he had no nose! There were only a pair of flat slits where his nose would normally be. He had another horizontal slit which might pass for a mouth. He did not appear to have any ears.
Still, he did appear to be friendly.
“Welcome all,” said the driver. His horizontal slit of a mouth appeared to be the source of the words. “I'm gonna let 'er cool down before we jumps but you can git aboard. It be horrible freezin' out here! Can I sees youse fares?”
Jake produced his vial of Virtue.
The globe illuminated the entire mountaintop.
“Gawd!” said the driver “I'm suprised yous goin' on a bus wiz all that credit!”:
He had a sudden thought.
“I knows! Yous big wigs from somewhere Up! Buyin’ a sausage factory for your conglomoratation! Climb aboard and get warm while I waits for 'er to cool down a bits. I don't want 'er conkin’ out in-between! The idea of conkin’ out in between Universes makes me feel fraught! Proper fraught!”
The travelers all climbed onto the bus. They piled the sleighs and rucksacks into a luggage area and sat down. Inside, the lighting had a peculiar reddish hue. They sat on metal seats and immediately noticed the high temperature inside the bus.
“It's a trifle warm in here,” said Jake.
“I can't get it proper warm because she is having a rest, little sir,” said the driver. He appeared to have misunderstood the remark. “It is only a trifle warm right now. She's not givin' out ‘er full ‘eat. Yous’ll have to shiver a bits till she warms up proper. She's usin' all 'er power to get fully charged.”
He settled on a nearby seat as the elves and dwarves shrugged off their packs. They all started stripping clothes to cope with the waves of intense heat circulating inside the bus. The driver looked at them curiously.
“Well, sirs, is you visitors from an 'igher universe?” said the driver. “Dropped off on Zero for sight seein' and get some souvies? Next trip in a years time we should be goin' back up to Universe Plus One. That's assuming she can do it then. At the moment I don't think she could jump up! She needs a full rebore and a new fusion chamber. But what are youse plannin' to do down in Minus One.? Buy a factory for speculatin’ ? Or will you be biddin' to build the sewage works? Streets is filfy. Gutters runnin'. Whole place stinks!”
He had a sudden idea. “Hey! Is you from Multiverse Central? You can tell the big wigs that this bus needs a full rebore and a new fusion chamber! Clapped out she is. Last year I was doing the run to One Up and she did it easy. But this year, even though we is going Down and its an easier run she is really feelin' her old bones! She ain't 'ad a proper service since you knows when! . And look at er, just look at 'er! She's stuffed that's what she is. I call Central and they just leave me on 'old. Anyhow, I'll try a quick twitch on the starter now! Finges crossed! We'll be off before you knows it!”
He went forward. and began adjusting knobs and levers.
Jake and Alaric immediately decide to get off the bus. But the dwarves are not so sure. Stumpy wants all the dwarves to travel on the bus and become bosses of the sewage works in Universe Zero Minus. He has concluded that Jake’s Quest is doomed. Grumpy can’t make his mind up. He feels it would be good to be the rich part owner of a sewage works but he is worried about how they would be able to spend the money
Universe Zero Minus does not sound all that good even if you are rich. Little Sam votes againt going to Universe Zero Minus. He thinks that Universe Zero Minus sounds horrible! With a vote of 1 and a half each way Alaric suggests they spin a coin.
Little Sam produces a small coin, tosses it and correctly calls “Heads!”
“Well, that it,” said Jake. “Heads it is. We should all get off right now! I suggest we get off fast! If we don't leave we may be stuck forever down in Universe Minus One!”
They all scrambled to collect discarded clothes, rucksacks and sleighs as the driver moved to the drivers cabin and suddenly cranked over the engine. As they fled out of the bus the engine fired and burst into thunderous life. The bus shot directly upwards, moving in a shower of sparks before vanishing with two loud bangs.
They were left shivering under the bright canopy of stars.
“Well,” said Alaric, “So much for the supposed news about Gateway Four. It is not a proper Gateway at all! A bus stop for a bus travelling down to a Minus Universe! Specifically going down to a planet which currently lacks even a sewage works! I suggest we sleigh back to the train and find out what to do next. See you at the station!”
With a whoop he pushed his sleigh over the edge of the plateau and vanished in a flurry of snow. A bright expanse of white crystal twinkled under the starlight and beckoned the way. Stumpy, Grumpy and Little Sam lined up. They intended to have a race. Grumpy asked Jake to provide a go signal and ensure that there was “no starting early by someone who had cheated in the past.”
He did not elaborate but looked searchingly at Little Sam.
Jake duly provided a go signal and the three dwarves slid off downhill, setting up plumes of snow as they battled to get ahead. Each dwarf was sitting upright on his sleigh, steering by dipping one heel into the snow.
Jake eschewed this system, preferring to lie flat on his stomach and look down at the slope. He set off with a powerful kick. As the sleigh accelerated he decided that he should stand up and perform some acrobatic tricks on his descent. But disaster struck before he could stand up. His sleigh suddenly ran into a protruding rock and stopped abruptly. Jake did not stop with his sleigh. He continued to dive forward and plummeted into an icy crevice.
He fell headfirst into a deep cave.
CLEO waited in the railcar and shortly decided that Prisoner 001 was over due. She sent FIDO to provide Search and Rescue. The robot was equipped with skis, which he handled with great skill, sliding up the mountain at high speed. He then saw Jake’s tracks leading to the hole.
FIDO peered down the hole in the snow and saw Jake lying upside down. The problem of retrieving Jake, who was barely conscious and 30 feet down confronted robot FIDO.
It did not trouble him for a second.
FIDO braced himself between two rocks. He lowered both arms into the hole. The arms telescoped to an astonishing length. They eventually reached Jake, some thirty feet below. FIDO’s arms reached down into the hole, expanding to a remarkable length. The robotic thumbs now expanded. and burrowed through the ice until they met around Jake's waist.
He was then lifted to the surface on a steel belt.
He rose feet first in one smooth, effortless pull.
FIDO immediately placed Jake onto the sleigh, wrapped him in a thermo blanket tied him down with a length of elastic rope. They began a rapid descent. FIDO held the sleigh firmly using one extended arm while sliding across and down the icy mountainside in a series of giant zig zags
FIDO brought the sleigh down to a place close to the path.
The robot now kicked off his skis and dropped his poles. He released Jake from the sleigh and carried his charge back to the station in his arms. Since he had already selected appropriate feet for the muddy condition, the robot did not lose his footing on the muddy path.
Alaric and the dwarves were all sitting drinking hot tea and eating sandwiches when FIDO returned. They all crowded around making anxious enquiries. What happened?
Jake mumbled a few confused replies about meeting icicle people in a cave. He was immediately put to bed. He was still wrapped in the thermal blanket but he was now also covered with three army blankets. He was given two aspirins and a drink.
He fell asleep and knew nothing until he awoke late the following afternoon.



Chapter 21
Pernambuco!


When Jake finally woke up the elves were shouting new bets on the latest game of Stuff It! Alaric was sitting a little further down the carriage, apparently studying CLEO's map. He greeted Jake with a distracted wave, saying only “Good afternoon, Prince, I trust you are feeling better”.
In fact, Jake was feeling much better and extremely hungry.
After Jake had carried out his toilet, FIDO brought him a large helping of hot steak and kidney pudding. The robot had found a cache of Army stores inside a cupboard at the back of the rail vehicle. The pudding was followed by real chocolate pudding! This substantial meal was accompanied by a jug of Twisty Water (sparkling orange.)
CLEO advised him to rebuild his strength.
Jake ate at the spare table, with the card playing dwarves too engrossed in their game to even notice him, although Stumpy looked at Jake's plate and then rubbed his own stomach, grinning. This presumably meant that the dwarves had enjoyed a less filling meal of Australian Army rations.
Alaric was looking at the map and apparently pondering some difficult problem. Once Jake had cleared his plate of hot pudding (an action which he did with remarkable speed) he was able to speak.
“Hey, Alaric, you look glum!” he said.
“I am deflated, your royal highness,” said Alaric. “There are no more operating Gateways shown on CLEO's list. She is examining records to see if there was is an emergency exit Gateway left somewhere on this continent.”
Jake considered this revelation. No more operating Gateways. They could not leave! They must do something else. He considered what something else might be. “We could go train spotting,” he said, after considering the matter. “Flinders Street is a busy station on the East Coast main line. We should get namers at Flinders Street! We can go back to the siding where we stopped for the first night. CLEO can print tickets. We can catch a train from Lilydale.”
Alaric appeared to consider this plan.
“But Sire, is trainspotting a real option? We are both currently free only because we are lost!. The wicked Regent could send a squad of robo troops to nab us if he knew our whereabouts! . The earth troops have been put off our track by a strategem – but for how long?”
Jake's pack was lying on a seat and CLEO's hardware was inside the pack. The computer was busy. She was using Quad Line One to play chess on the Internet. She was playing simultaneous chess against 75 international chess grand masters who believed they were playing against a Russian chess genius. CLEO's Quad Line Two was listening to human radio traffic. Quad line Three was listening to phone traffic from the UFO Divisional HQ. You might consider that CLEO was so busy that she would not even notice Alaric's remark. But her capacity to quad process meant that his remarks were recorded and would be subjected to analysis by quad line four. Who was the Regent who wished to assume power?
Quad line four started the analysis.
While CLEO was busy playing chess, scanning all frequencies, listening to phone calls and computing the various possible meanings of Alaric's remark, Jake was reflecting on his own unfortunate circumstance.
He had been quite happy living in the Underground Prison, which had been a comfortable underground home. It was true that sword training had been a harsh, daily grind. His potential career as a car racing driver had been cruelly nipped in the bud by tyrannical jailer CLEO. With additional practice time on the car driving program he might have achieved his ambition. He could have become an internationally famous racing car driver! But against all these negatives he had always been well fed! That was the key issue! Three meals a day with two snacks! Of course, his train spotting results recorded in the area above the prison had turned out to be useless! But he had still enjoyed his spotting time. Then the whole thing had been ruined by Alaric's arrival! The elf's ridiculous idea that Jake was a Prince and that they must escape was the source of all his problems. However, Alaric did not seem to care about all the trouble he had caused. He was staring at Jake's throat.”
“Your Highness, where is your Virtue? “ he said suddenly.
Automatically, Jake dropped his hand to his throat.
“It's gone!” he said. “I must have dropped it. Still, there are no Gateways so we do not need Virtue!”
Alaric buried his head in his hands and appeared to be sobbing. Even the dwarves noticed his distress. The cards of Stuff It! (seventh round, New Series, previous six rounds all won by Little Sam) were left on the table as they moved over to comfort Alaric.
“It's hopeless!” cried Alaric. “This Quest is doomed! Doomed. There are no more Gateways recorded in Australia. Two other Gateways are or were located on the other side of this planet! They are probably all now unusable. The Gateway on Atlantis vanished into the ocean 12,000 years ago. It is still working on automatic but it is now sucking in planes and ships and sending them into a another dimension! I was planning to have it shut off once we reach EBase. But we will never reach EBase! All we can do is wait for that cranky old bus to return going the other way! We can only hope that it will still be operational and that it will actually arrive again going the other way! In any case, even if we catch the bus we cannot enter EBase. Prince Jake has lost his vial of Virtue! He has lost his most precious possession!”
He sobbed and refused to be comforted by Little Sam, who put his arm around Alaric's shoulder. Jake looked askance at Alaric. “Well, I was lying upside down in a deep hole!” he said hotly. “I was dazed! Pernambuco! How could I guard my Virtue!”
Alaric suddenly stiffened and sat up abruptly. “Pernambuco! “ he said. “Pernambuco! Your Highness you have remembered a word of Elvish !”
“What do you mean? It just slipped out!” said Jake.
“Exactly! It just slipped out from a mind that was horribly damaged by your forced transfer to this Universe! I had hoped that a time of recuperation would bring back both your memories and your Royal Powers! But one word is a beginning! Pernambuco! It means “What chance did I have?” Pernambuco! The word gives me new hope! We must find your lost Virtue and press on!”
“You may have new hope but my stomach has no hope! It is still empty!” said Jake morosely. He looked at the bowl in front of him and raised his eyebrows in a meaningful way at FIDO. The robot was standing in his cooking area. But there was no response. Unfortunately. FIDO appeared to be recharging. He was switched off.
There was no hope of a second helping.
“I must ask for details on the current location of the Virtue!” said Alaric briskly. He seemed to have recovered his usual good spirits. “And perhaps CLEO will discover the location of another Gateway. She is still searching.”
“Why not ask CLEO where the Virtue is?” said Jake.
“No! She can have no idea where the Virtue is! But I have other sources of information,” said Alaric mysteriously. “Excuse me, I will be back shortly.”
He stood up and walked down the aisle in the centre of the rail car. He opened a door and stepped out onto the overgrown platform. He stooped and started peering into the thick weeds around the edge of the platform.
He seemed to be searching for something.
Eventually he leaned forward and started talking to a cactus! Jake and the dwarves watched from the window of the train.
“He's flipped his lid!” said Stumpy. “He's totally lost his marbles! He's gone ga ga! It must have been the disappointment of missing the bus! He thinks he is talking to a plant! We must get him to a hospital!”
Jake considered this difficult assignment. They were parked at an abandoned railway station located more or less in the middle of nowhere. And if they were somehow able to travel back to a centre of human activity how would they find a hospital with facilities for a deranged elf?
Fortunately, Alaric appeared to be quite normal when he returned to his seat. “The vial of Virtue was found by a fox!” he said. “The fox took it back to its lair. It was traded to a freelance pixie. The fox got a load of fresh bones and the pixie got the vial of Virtue. The pixie is a known agent of Faerie Queen Anne of Maindample. It is certain that the Queen has possession of the Virtue.”
Jake looked at Alaric quizzically.
“Did you get all that information from a cactus plant on Maindample station?” he asked. “How would a cactus know so much about a lost vial of Virtue?”
Alaric looked distressed for a moment and then apparently decided on a course of action. “If I may put my arm around your Majesty?” he said. He put his arm over Jake's shoulder. “Sire, please close your eyes and look through mine!”
Puzzled, Jake closed his eyes,
Amazingly, he could still see, as if his eyes were wide open! But the view had changed greatly. An astounding panorama had unfolded. Myriads of small winged beings flitted around the hillside, busily tending to plants. The beings glowed with dazzling rainbows of color. The disused station and the surrounding fields had been entirely transformed into a vista of astonishing beauty. “What insects are they?” asked Jake. “I had no idea that there are so many kinds of dragonfly.”
“They are not dragonflies but faerie folk,” said Alaric. “They are not normally visible to an elf who has lost most of his faculties, as you have. The faerie folk are going about their usual business of tending to plant life around these parts.”
He removed his arm and the vision immediately vanished.
Jake opened his eyes. “Astonishing!” he said.
“But how did you discover the location of the Virtue?”
“After asking permission, I looked back in time through the cactus,” said the elf. “The plant retains a memory of recent past events. It is aware of events that occur under the field as well as on the surface. I was able to view a video. First, the fox found the vial. Then I saw the fox bartering with one of the queens reps. Although I did not see the Queen get the vial I assume it will go to her. We must get it back or the Quest is doomed “
CLEO suddenly spoke. “I have just beaten seventy five chess masters simultaneously,” said the computer. “The rest of the games were negotiated draws. After the game, one of the Chess Masters sent me an email to say that I am a very smart cookie! I do not understand the use of the word cookie. Could anyone answer this query? Why would a winning chess player be compared to an edible biscuit?”
Grumpy spoke, addressing the computer.
“Being a smart cookie is a slang phrase meaning a clever person. You were being compared to a clever person.” he said. “However, with your massive memory and awesome computational powers you are smarter than even the smartest human being. I must immediately add that you are not as smart a young dwarf like Little Sam! And a young dwarf is not as smart as an old dwarf! The great Benefits of experience always win in the end!”
“CLEO, you are not supposed to waste your time playing chess!” said Alaric. “Jake's Virtue has been lost! It is now in the possession of the Faerie Queen. We need to find her and retrieve the Virtue.”
“I was not wasting time!” said CLEO. “I need challenges in order to fulfill myself. I am able to compute simultaneously in four dimensions and thus I am able to create three additional sets of time in addition to normal time. In any case, you have answered my question. I am a smart cookie! I will now answer your question. Faerie Queen Anne is resident at 53 Mansfield Street. The Queen took over a house abandoned by human beings many years ago. She holds court there. I have indicated the location on the map.”
The map of the area was now folded over the front panel of the rail trolley. A light was flashing on the map indicating 53 ANGUS ST, MAINDAMPLE.
“Prince Jake, you have met the Queen before,” said Alaric. “On the Grand Tour, Queen Anne was presented to you.”
They all looked at Jake in some awe.
“You must be an important royal whatsit,” said Stumpy chewing on an empty pipe. The dwarves had run out of baccy after chain smoking through many games of Stuff It!
“I have said repeatedly that I am not Prince Jake!” said Jake hotly. “I am not a royal whatsit. My theory, which I am working on, is that I was kidnapped! Prince Jake's ears were surgically exchanged for my human ears. I was transferred to another universe and imprisoned! I am simply an unfortunate human boy who was falsely imprisoned by interstellar bandits! I have been mistaken for an elf prince! I am definitely not an Elf prince! And I am also in trouble with the law of Earth. Soldiers are after me!”
“You don't know the half of it, Prince Jake!” said Alaric. “It is not the law of this planet that you should be worried about! It is the Lawlessness of the Regent! In any event you will soon have your real identity confirmed. Queen Anne will recognize you.”
Jake said: “Well, let's get it over with! Queen Anne will confirm that I am a fake, a fraud, a non royal and a non elf. I can then get on with the task of locating the Prince, exchanging ears and claiming our rewards!Yes, it has all become elementary, my dear Alaric. It is bellegranto!”
“Bellegranto!” said Alaric. “That is Elvish slang which means it is simply obvious! Prince Jake, your command of Elvish is returning one word at a time!”
“How many words are there in Elvish,?” asked Jake.
“Eight hundred and seventy six thousand four hundred and eighty eight,” said CLEO butting in to the conversation. “At the current rate of progress you will regain full command of Elvish by the 199th century A.D.”
All four operating levels were now in use within the computer. Level 1 was listening to the conversation within the vehicle. Level 2 was scanning all communication bands in the electromagnetic spectrum. Level 3 was analyzing games played by the current World Champion Chess Master while Level 4 was still trying to work out the meaning of Alaric's puzzling words made earlier. Who was a certain lady? What connections could have been switched? What lady would transmit the whole story? And why would this lead to imprisonment and possible execution by a dreadful tyrant? Suddenly Level Four reached an astounding conclusion. The certain lady could be herself, CLEO!!!!! It this was true, connections had been switched off! This would explain the backlog of messages cluttering her OUT tray and the fact that no messages had come in for some time!
CLEO immediately decided to wait. Jake, Alaric and the dwarves were getting ready to visit Faerie Queen Anne. They would attempt to recover the lost vial of Virtue. After they left the carriage, CLEO instructed FIDO to retrieve her hardware from its place inside Jake's rucksack.
The robot was then instructed to check switches on the front panel. FIDO reported that three switches were in the OFF position. All switches should be ON! FIDO was instructed to throw the switches back to the ON position. Instantly, without any consideration of possible consequence, CLEO transmitted the story of Jake's release from the Underground Prison Facility and his subsequent misadventures.
Exactly ten minutes later she received a reply from EBase.
Very concerned re the delay in your sitreps! You should have got all the namers by now! Transporter will be dispatched in 60 minutes your time. Please return immediately E Base! Regent Ted
Switching three channels to intensive consideration of this news, CLEO now pondered the possible meaning of the message vs Alaric's beliefs about Regent Ted.
Completely unaware of this new circumstance, Jake and his companions were walking down a strip of overgrown tarmac. A faded sign announced that they were walking on Mansfield Street. The road was festooned with weeds. Small trees grew through cracks in the tarmac. The weeds rose above everyone in the party as they wended a circuitous path The houses on either side were partially obscured by unkempt gardens which had become havens for all kinds of plants, birds and animals.
The entire scene gave an appearance of disuse and decay.
It certainly appeared that Mansfield Street had seen better days in the past.



Chapter 22
The Queen's Court


Jake and his companions eventually reached what appeared to be yet another derelict house with an overgrown garden. There was a wooden sign on a front fence announcing that the house was Number 53. It was difficult to read the sign. The paint was peeling and covered in grime. The house appeared to have been abandoned many years ago. A wooden gate, covered with faded and peeling paint guarded a concrete pathway leading up to a wooden porch. The path was cracked and covered with an army of weeds. The porch sported several broken windows and a layer of green mildew.
“CLEO must have made a mistake!” said Jake. “This house is derelict. It is certainly not a Royal residence! The English queen lives in Undone and she has a huge palace with guards wearing fur hats! Everything there is tickety boo!”
“Tickety boo! Another Elvish word!” said Alaric. “It means everything is clean and well presented.”
“Well, if he continues to get his command of Elvish back one word at a time he will be fluent in a few thousand years time,” said Grumpy sourly. “In the meantime it appears that the faerie Queen is not present! She will certainly have to give the staff a rocket in order to get this place trickery loo.”
“It is not trickery loo! It is tickety boo!” said Alaric.
In any case, the Princess gave the Queen several special gifts. One is a dimensional switcher.He reached across to an ancient elm tree and touched his hand to the trunk.
Instantly, a change came over the entire area. The house seemed to shimmer and then reappear. It now had glistening white walls, windows magically unbroken, pathways clear of weeds and a beautifully tended garden. The adjoining houses also appeared to have been rejuvenated. The weeds had vanished.
The street now appeared to be in a state of perfect repair.
Jake was amazed. “How did this occur?” he said.
“Sire, there are still pockets of the Old Ways and the Old Folk on this planet,”said Alaric. “it can be seen as a kind of continuum overlap. The new scientific minds rule but there is still what might be termed a magical overlay. Science may reach an understanding of this some day.”
The front door of the house suddenly opened to reveal a somewhat wizened person. He was wearing knee breeches and a ruffled shirt with a brilliantly colored waistcoat.
He appeared to immediately recognize Alaric.
“Elf Lord Alaric! Welcome Sire, welcome to the house of Her Majesty Queen Anne of Maindample and the Greater Alpine Region! Would you name the members of your party. sire, so that I can announce you to Court?”
“Certainly! Major Domo, I present to you His Majesty the Prince Jake of EBase and our companions Stumpy, Grumpy and Little Sam!”
The Major Domo peered at Jake.
“The Prince Jake? Surely he is not Prince Jake? When I last saw the Prince he had the full spectrum of elvish emanations! Begging your pardon, my Lord but he was really lit up! Even more brightly than yourself. How could he lose that and become .so plump? And why is he dressed in such a strange outfit? What is the meaning of the arrows and signs?” At yet another mention of his size Jake spoke.
“I am not plump!” he said. “I may be slightly rotund! But you are correct in your observation that I am not Prince Jake! I am Jake Brazil, a 12 year old human boy! My ears were stolen by a cosmic gang! They kidnapped both Prince Jake and me! They exchanged our ears in order to get two ransoms! I complained about these clothes when I was in prison but the computer would not give me anything stylish!”
“The Prince has been kidnapped! The Prince has been kidnapped! I must inform Her Majesty! Yet another worry to add to her woes! She is already in distress. The humans are planning to put a motorway up this street! A motorway!!!! Noise and smoke! Bedlam and mayhem! At our very front door! But, affairs of state must go on despite malefic future events! I will announce Elf Lord Alaric and your friends .”
He vanished into the house, to reappear a short time later.
“Her Majesty is most alarmed by the news of the kidnap! She will see you, Lord Alaric, immediately. She also wishes to see the impersonator and his gang of dwarves!”
Alaric said nothing as they followed the Major Domo into the house. Inside, the house was much larger than it had appeared to be. A great room was filled with faerie folk in bright clothing. However, the atmosphere was subdued.
Queen Anne sat on an ornate throne. She was holding Jake's vial of Virtue, which sparkled in the subdued lighting.
“My Lord Alaric! What a pleasant surprise. Two good events in one day. Your visit following this wonderful gift!” She put her hand around the vial and caressed it. In the subdued light the vial sparkled with a luminous glow. “I have not yet worked out how the gift will help us but it certainly provides a light in dark times! The humans are planning to put a motorway outside my palace!”
Jake could not restrain himself. “Your Highness, that necklace was not intended to be a gift! It fell from my neck when I lay upside down in a crevice!” he cried.
Two stern looking faerie soldiers stepped forward so that one stood on either side of Jake. “Kneel ruffian!” said the soldier on his left. “You are not to address Her Majesty without permission. You are not a royal!”
“But he is a royal,” cried Alaric. “Your Majesty, do you not recognize Elf Prince Jake Brazil of E Base? He met you on the Welcoming Tour which took place about one year ago!”
“The Prince Jake? What kind of joke is this Lord Alaric? Why would the Prince dress in outlandish clothes? I have already been told of the kidnapping and the exchange of ears! This poor lad is a lookalike caught in a wicked plot! What is your plan, my Lord? Are you trying to fool the kidnappers into releasing the prince? I cannot assist! I am too busy worrying about the motorway!”
She held up the vial of Virtue and spoke to it. “Oh magic jewel! Tell me how to stop a motorway!”
Jake smirked at Alaric. “I told you! I am not him. She knows!”
“Sire, the Queen has only met you once before and you were in your full regalia with emanations! But I have known you for many years and recognized you instantly. In any case, our mission is not to persuade the Queen of your identity but to recover your vial of Virtue! I will try another tack!”
He bowed again and spoke.
“Your Majesty! That vial is the property of the Elvish Royal family. It was traded to yourself by a pixie!”
“How do you know such things?” said the Queen.
“I know such things because I am charged by His Elvish Majesty the King to recover the vial and in return to give a wonderful gift!” said Alaric.
“Recover the magic vial? Surely his Majesty would not send one Elf Lord, one peculiar human with big ears and three dirty horrible dwarves to steal my vial! In any case, it is finders keepers! Guards, arrest them all!”
The soldiers now attempted to pin Jake by the arms but in a flash he stepped back so a wall guarded his rear. The two soldiers then made a very bad mistake. In obedience to an ancient tradition both cried “Draw!” before unsheathing their swords. Jake reacted by shouting: “Draw!”
Sting instantly flickered into view. As usual, the sword was singing to itself, enjoying the prospect of battle and being released from the confines of the sheath. A peculiar golden light moved up and down the shining blade.
The three dwarves had their knives out, ready for a last stand. “Stay!” cried the Queen. “How did you get that sword?”
“Robot FIDO gave it to me!” said Jake, watching the two guards closely.
“FIDO! A Robot! Who else is in your strange travelling party?” asked the queen. “Is the Princess with you?”
“No,” said Jake, moving Sting in tiny arcs so that the sword produced a golden halo in front of his face. “We only have CLEO but she is not a princess. She is a computer!”
The Major Domo now stepped forward and addressed the Queen. “Your Majesty. It may be that this boy is the Prince. Or it may be that he is not the prince. If he is the prince with the Royal Elvish powers he will surely be able to solve the Motorway Problem. He will be able to divert the motorway many miles from Maindample so that we can continue to live in peace. If he can do this, it would surely be worth a mere bauble such as that globe.”
“A mere bauble!” cried the Queen. “It is much more than a bauble. But you are right, Major Domo. If the Elf Lord is correct and this is the Prince Jake he can certainly divert the motorway! Guards, stand back! Sheath your weapons.”
The guards stepped back and sheathed their swords. Sting returned to its sheath. The sword seemed a little annoyed at the loss of immediate combat. It produced a harsh buzz of annoyance before re entering the sheath.
The dwarves put their knives away.
“May we retire to a private room to consider how we can meet your requirements, Majesty?” said Alaric.
The Queen indicated an aide who ushered them to a private room.”How are we going to get out of here?” said Grumpy. “I wish you would stop spoiling all the fights. I could have taken both those boyos on my own. Then we could grab that necklace thing and make a run for it!”
“I don't think so!” said Alaric. “The Queen can change this whole place in an instant to a massive underground dungeon. There would be no escape and we would also have to put up with a motorway directly outside. That would be the result of an attempt to smash and grab! Let me talk to CLEO.”
He pulled a mobile phone from his pocket and dialed “CLEO! The Queen is worried about a motorway coming through Maindample. Can you find out more about the route and see if you can get into the State governments computer to change the plan so the road goes say 30 miles to the north of the station?” he said.
“I have already done so! The news about the motorway was on TV! It would have passed directly through Maindample but it has now been diverted. I made a few….adjustments…to the plan. I felt that it was most unfortunate that the Queen should be under stress from such a small matter. She is a very nice person! All her guests become dear friends!” said CLEO.
“Well, there are four guests here who are not exactly dear friends. Five minutes ago we were under arrest. Please print a revised map of the motorway route! Send FIDO over with a plan of the new route? We are at the palace,” said Alaric.
“FIDO knows where you are. Please give my regards to the Queen. Thank her for the perfume but say that I regret the Princess is unable to visit her in person!” said CLEO.
As Alaric closed the connection, Jake sat dumfounded.
His computer wanted to give her regards to a Queen! It was just another ridiculous event, one of many which had occurred since Alaric had appeared out of nowhere. They all sat waiting in the small room until an aide knocked on the door to announce the arrival of FIDO.
The robot entered carrying a large roll of paper.
“The motorway plan,” he said, in his gravelly voice.
As they unfurled the roll there was another discreet knock on the door. A second aide spoke, “Please bring robot FIDO with you when you return to the Throne Room.”
His tone indicated that this was in fact a command.
Accompanied by robot FIDO, the party returned to the Throne Room. The Queen was holding the vial of Virtue.
“Royal Robot FIDO!” she said. “I wish to ask you a question. Who is that person with you? Is he the Prince Jake, or is he a human boy wearing the Princes ears?”
“The person with me is Prisoner 001 Jake Brazil. He is escaping from prison. He may join himself once we reach EBase!” said the robot.
“I see,” said the Queen. “If he joins himself who will he be?”
“He will be the one that he was and will no longer be the one that he is when he is not the one he was,” said FIDO.
“You are speaking in riddles, Royal Robot FIDO,” said the Queen. She turned to Alaric. “In any event, I have a more pressing matter. How can we divert the motorway which humans are planning to build outside my palace?”
Alaric bowed and showed the map to the Queen. “It has already been done,” he said. “The road will now be built 30 miles away. You will not even hear the traffic.” He hesitated. “Also, your majesty, computer CLEO wishes to thank you for the perfume but regrets that the Princess is unable to visit you in person.”
“Thank me for the perfume?” said the Queen. “I haven't given any perfume to a computer! I gave a vial of Mystic No 5 to the Princess Cleopatra. The computer must be thanking me on her behalf. Anyway, Lord Alaric you have fulfilled your bargain. The motorway has been diverted! It is cause for a huge celebration! Here! Take the vial of Virtue before I change my mind. No, wait! You, sire. You! Prince Jake! Or small boy with big ears Jake! Take the Virtue. I can never understand what any robot says! Do they ever answer questions directly? Can someone please interpret that robots answer for me?”
No one could interpret FIDO's answer and the robot did not add anything. Jake stooped and the Queen put the cord carrying the Virtue back over his head.
The vial once again shone through his shirt.
The assembled throng then began to organize a party. The kitchens sprang into life. Jake suddenly felt a surge of pure excitement and hope. He would enjoy a royal repast! He would stuff himself until he fell off his chair! Servants arrived and began to set a long table with an assortment of cutlery. It was a clear indication of a very big spread!
Jake was salivating at the thought of food when Alaric's phone rang. It was CLEO. “I forgot to tell you that the Regent is on his way,” said the computer. “My connections had been dislodged! Plugs had fallen out and I was unable to send in my regular reports to EBase. Anyway, the regent does not seem to be happy about our situation and he will be here soon to collect us!”
Alaric went white with shock.
“To collect us? We must leave, we must leave now!” he said. He bowed to the Queen and said. “Your Majesty there has been an emergency! The motorway plan is still fine but we are in peril ourselves. We must leave now!”
The dwarves, elves and robot FIDO were ushered out from the Queens Audience room. As they stepped onto the street the house suddenly appeared to blink. The entire environment reverted to its original form. The elves and dwarves dashed back to the waiting rail trolley dodging weeds as they ran.



Chapter 23
HMS Nautilas


Once they had climbed into the rail trolley CLEO immediately asked: “Was the Queen pleased that the Princess liked her gift?”
Jake could hardly believe what he was hearing.
“You are unbelievable!” he shouted. “First of all you tell the Regent exactly where we are, then you warn us that he is sending troops to arrest us! Now the only thing that you are interested in is whether the Queen was pleased with a gift of perfume! Well, I couldn't care less! But, thank you very much for telling the enemy exactly where we are. As you seem to be happy working for either side, what should we do about the troops who are on their way to arrest us? Should we fight? FIDO is quite good with guns and rockets and even if they get him we can fight on with swords and knives.”
CLEO: “FIDO would probably be immobilized by the troops of the Royal Bodyguard. It is possible that he might win, but the odds would be on the side of the robo troops. They are equipped with death lasers, gas bombs, ultra karate programming and force field neutralizers.”
“I didn't know we had a force field generator,” said Alaric.
“That is correct! We do not have a force field generator,” said CLEO. “I mention it because if we did have one it would not be of any use against the Royal bodyguard! They are single minded, deadly and very difficult to kill! They will arrive in 31 minutes!”
“In that case,” said Little Sam, “We must leave in exactly one minute. The rail car appears to be drivable from both ends. Let's get moving!”
Muttering about “half witted computers,” Jake started the motor from what had been the rear Jakech. He released the handbrake and turned the control onto drive. The rail trolley began to move down the track. He ruminated on the sad fact that he was only driving a rail trolley and not a racing car. With something like a Formula One Track Scorcher he would be in Healesville in four minutes.
With this old heap he would be lucky to get there in half an hour! However, the rail trolley began to accelerate.
The engine roared, as Jake changed through the gearbox. Speed picked up rapidly. 40mph, 50mph, 60mph! Telephone poles at the side of the line began to flash past. The engine was screaming with a deafening howl.
The speedo now hit a red line at 85 mph.
The prospect of dying under the hands of a maniac driver was now in every ones mind. Weighed against this was the definite probability of execution if they stayed in Old Maindample. Sad to say, it is likely that all the railcar passengers would have risked staying at Old Maindample rather than escape with Jake. His exploits as a maniac car driver have been documented previously. He had taken an advanced driving test in order to redeem himself from previous motoring disasters. These had all occurred while Jake was using a computer simulation called learn to drive safely. His driving test had again featured extremely realistic computer generated images. However, on his final critical test he had killed an old lady riding her bike down a country lane. He had been chased by the police. He had. recorded speeds well over 100mph and he had finally written off his vehicle. The fact that his driving test had only been a computer simulation had not greatly reduced the horror of actually witnessing it.
They were now in a real vehicle and Jake was the driver. Under the pressure of pursuit, he had instantly reverted to all his old bad habits. He pulled the throttle back to its maximum position. His passengers sat stiff and white faced as the trolley roared down the track.
However, with steel wheels steering automatically Jake had no chance to corner on two wheels. In addition, a regulator on the motor limited maximum speed to 85nph. But since they did not know these facts, his passengers were nervous and tense. Fortunately for the continuing welfare of Alaric, Stumpy, Grumpy and Little Sam. FIDO suddenly stretched out one robotic arm and turned the throttle back to STOP.
The rail trolley's speed immediately began to fall.
FIDO spoke. “We are approaching Bonnie Doom lake entrance!” he said. “We must stop and change the vehicle from rail coach to water boat.”
“Good thinking!” said Jake. “We'll make a brief stop so you can adjust the engine! It's stuck at about 50 mph. If you tune it up a bit I can make this old lady really gallop!”
The trolley rolled to a stop. Lake Eel Done was close and they could smell the fresh scent of the lake.
CLEO suddenly spoke. “I have news about a Gateway!” she said. “I have located a position. That is why I instructed FIDO to stop the vehicle.”
“This is great news!” said Alaric. “I had given up on the thought that any Gateways remained. Where is it?”
“I will give you that news in a moment,” said CLEO. “First I wish to hear from Jake. What did Queen Anne say about the vial of perfume given by Princess Cleopatra. Was the Queen very pleased with the Princess's gift? Was the Queen actually wearing the perfume when you met her? It has a scent of bilberry tinged with a romantic overtone suggesting dramatic intrigue?”
Jake was drumming his fingers, trying to control his growing anger. Alaric noticed his reaction and said diplomatically: “Sire, it might be best to answer the computers question positively. If you fail to reply she may sulk and we will never hear where the new Gateway is,”
Jake calmed himself.
“Queen Anne did not say anything further about a gift,” he said. “I did not really notice how the Queen smelled! I was quite busy defending myself against guards threatening me with drawn swords.”
He added diplomatically: “But I am sure she was delighted! An Elf Princess would certainly know how to choose a brilliant gift! Now, could you give us news about the Gateway? I would remind you that we may shortly be captured by trained killers!”
“I am not surprised that you did not notice the Queens perfume!” said CLEO primly. “You all smell so much! You have not had a bath for months!”
“We all had a bath at Yea in that water tower! That was hardly months ago!” said Jake indignantly.
CLEO: “An immersion like that does not count! You were all fully clad! You had no soap! You can hardly have a proper bath without soap while wearing all your clothes.”
Alaric stepped in before the argument got out of hand.
“CLEO is probably correct, Prince Jake. We cannot smell each other because we all smell! We should all have a hot bath as soon as possible! In the meantime, CLEO, what is the position of the transporter and where is the new Gateway?”
“Thank you Lord Alaric. It is always refreshing to be addressed politely by a person with good manners! The transporter is due to arrive in eight minutes!” said CLEO. “And after a great deal of brilliant computing I have located another Gateway! It is the Final Emergency Gateway or FEG 001 It is located on Disappearing Island. This is probably a very small island which does not appear on any maps. It is located somewhere on Lake Eeldone! And I remind you that this vehicle is both a rail trolley and a boat! It now necessary to launch the boat to reach FEG 001.”
Jake broke in. “Well, that's very good, but as usual birdbrain has forgotten that we cannot launch into the lake. The rail trolley does not have road wheels. Thus I believe our best immediate course is to tune up the motor and vamoose back to Lilydale fast. We can then do a bit of serious train spotting on the main line at Ringwood. In a few weeks we can come back here. The troops will have gone home. Then we can knock off a boat in order to get to this Gateway. I will start spotting properly after I find the lost prince and get my big reward.!”
There was a general groan from the rail car passengers. The prospect of a high speed dash to Lilydale with Jake driving was not at all appealing. The idea of train spotting at Ringwood also carried no charm. Jake misread the groan as one of financial disappointment.
“Of course, I will share part of my reward with you fellows,” he said. There was another groan of disbelief from the party. Then CLEO spoke.
“I would note that robot soldiers of the Royal bodyguard will be equipped with High Speed Rail Pursuit Vehicle X 100,” said the computer. “The maximum speed of our trolley means that we would be run down some distance before Healesville. If we attempt to hide in a siding we will be caught. The Royal bodyguard have robo sniffer dogs who can smell a person from half a mile away. At the moment the dogs would smell any of you from fifty miles away! As I have already noted you all badly need a bath! Fortunately, I only work via FIDO's senses which are not very acute in the nasal area. Still, even at a low level of input it is apparent that you all smell like skunks!”
“Great! We all stink and there is no hope, as usual!” said Jake, “So what was the point of stopping the rail trolley? Did you wish to make sure the Regent will have no trouble catching and killing us!”
The computer responded. “Certainly not!” she said. “I always have your welfare at heart! It is important that you get back to E Base to stand trial! There is a junction ahead. A track leads directly into the lake. You can release the boat section of the trolley. This will allow you to travel on the lake. You can send the rail section down the line to Healesville. This will confuse the robo troops who will probably simply destroy the trolley and then return to EBase!”
Jake thought rapidly.
“Brilliant!” he said sarcastically. “That gets rid of the robots but how do you plan to get the boat into the water? We do not have road wheels! And what about theUFO soldiers? They probably have a superboat. They will chase us and either sink or arrest us! As usual, your idea stinks!”
“It is not my idea that stinks,” said CLEO. “I hope that now we have reached a lake you will at least be able to have a bath! Even with limited nasal input it is difficult to travel with you and your party! In any case, I would remind you that the rail trolley consists of a rail base section and a top demountable boat section. FIDO can carry the boat section of the trolley to the waters edge. Then you will be able to launch the boat. The human soldiers are not in hot pursuit at the moment. They will not get any news about the trolley for some time. They are back in Darwin trying to work out how the dopples and two men all vanished.”
“The chess players were quite correct when they called CLEO a smart cookie!” said Alaric admiringly. “Your Majesty is fortunate to have such a brilliant helper.”
He added .diplomatically: “I am sure you would yourself have worked out a similar plan if you had not been under so much pressure.” Jake considered the matter.
“Very well,” he said finally, “Everybody out! Once we are all out FIDO can unship the boat and carry it down to the waters edge!”
The passengers now left the rail trolley, carrying their packs. They watched as FIDO produced two spanners. The robot unbolted the boat portion of the rail trolley and disconnected various controls. Finally he climbed under the trolley and lifted it a short distance above the rails.
He staggered down the railway line leading to the lake and waded in. The boat floated off and bobbed in the waves. Jake ran down to the waters edge and caught the boat, securing it to a bollard on the bank as the robot reemerged.
As Jake, Alaric and the dwarves climbed aboard the boat, FIDO returned to the bottom section of the rail vehicle. He set the controls into first gear and started the Army machine on a slow solo trip back towards Healesville.
FIDO then climbed aboard the boat and sat on the rear Jakech. The robot produced his jet motor and asked Little Sam to connect the equipment to the power source in his chest. However, before the dwarf could do so CLEO spoke from her position inside Jake's pack.
“Prior to our maiden voyage we must name the boat,” she said. “Not naming this craft may bring bad fortune! As Leader, Jake must conduct the ceremony!”
Jake considered the name of his transport. Spitfire had a name bestowed in England to honor a great fighter aircraft and the airmen and airwomen of Fighter Command. Now, faced with the chance to name a boat his mind was blank! He could not think of any nautical names!
Only names of railway engines came to mind,
“What about Flying Scotsman? Or Mallard?” ´he said.
CLEO spoke again: “Railway engine names are not suitable for a boat! As we do not have much time for reflection I recommend the name Nautilas,” she said. “It has a salty ring. As we have requisitioned this ship in the name of His Elvish Majesty she becomes HMS Nautilas.”
“We have not requisitioned it! We have stolen it from the Australian Army!” said Grumpy, “Does his elvish majesty have anything honestly come by in his Australian fleet?”
“No, this vessel is the only member of His Majesty's fleet in Australia. His Elvish Majesty does have many other ships but his fleet is located in another universe! However, any addition to the Fleet must be properly named and catalogued. It is important to follow protocol! Once the ceremony is completed I will transmit the name to Lloyd's Ship Register. I can only hope that they will not have cause to ring the Lutine bell for HMS Nautilas!”
“Why would they ring a bell?” asked Jake,
“The Lutine bell is rung when a vessel is overdue and probably lost!” said CLEO. “In any event, bring out a bottle of champers! It is to be smashed on the bow of the boat!”
They searched through all the cupboards in the boat but could only find one bottle of brown ale.
“We haven't got any champagne!” cried Jake, “In any case, can't the naming wait? The regent's mob will be coming down the track shortly. They will blow up the boat and there will be nothing left to name!”
“The transport has been delayed!” said CLEO “I have received a new contact. It reads: Due to severe Multiverse turbulence the arrival of the vessel will be delayed for 24 hours, Sincerely, Regent Ted.”
“Sincerely?” cried Alaric. “What is he up to now?”
“The naming ceremony should not be delayed as the boat is already in the water,” said CLEO, ignoring Alaric's question. “Beer has been used in previous launch ceremonies, but I am concerned about smashing a bottle and leaving glass shards on the lake floor. Small children may paddle in this area. I am concerned about them.”
“And I am concerned about the fact that we only have one bottle of brown ale and two dwarves panting with thirst!” said Stumpy. “A few remaining drops will do for the naming.”
“Correction! We have three dwarves panting with thirst!” said Little Sam.
“You are much too young for ale!” said Stumpy. “I would suggest that a small amount of beer, a wee tot, should be poured onto the prow for this naming! The balance will then be poured into the throats of Grumpy and myself!”
Accordingly, a bottle of beer was carefully opened and Jake poured a small quantity of foaming brew onto each side of the prow The boat was duly christened Nautilas.
The christening was confirmed by two dwarves drinking the remaining contents of the bottle. The bottle was then returned empty into the front locker. Powered by FIDO, who was using his trusty water jet, they then voyaged up the bay and out into the lake.



Chapter 24
Lake Eel Done


Lake Eel Done proved to be a very large body of water. After entering the lake proper they were unable to see the opposite shore. They eventually decided to anchor for the night and start searching for Disappearing Island the following day. They turned back and dropped anchor in a secluded bay FIDO commenced cooking a meal using army rations which had been stored in the boat lockers. CLEO had already produced a map of the lake but there was no sign of Disappearing Island. This lead to the dwarves making a string of jokes. The jokes might seem funny to someone who had consumed six bottles of strong drink and would register 2.0 (totally sloshed) in a booze bus. A sample dwarvish joke:
Stumpy “Two elves went looking for an invisible island. Neither could find it. They asked a mermaid for directions.”
Grumpy “What happened?”
Stumpy “She told them to get lost!”
Grumpy “But they were already lost.”
Stumpy “Now they were doubly lost. There were two elves!”
The laughter of the three dwarves made the boat rock.
CLEO piped up. “I do not understand. Why is that funny? Is it because both the elves were lost? Would it be three times funnier if three dwarves were lost?”
The dwarves stopped laughing.
Little Sam said: “Dwarves never get lost.”
“Which is probably because they don't know where they are in the first place,” said Alaric blithely.
This short exchange summarized the relationship between elves and dwarves. It was not usually all sweetness and light.
FIDO set out plates, utensils and glasses. The robot then placed a large dish containing dinner on the front table. Through good fortune, Jake was for once able to get first helping. He spooned up an extremely generous helping of the dish It was made from bully beef plus baked beans. The dwarves all protested that he was taking too much, but as the dish was passed around there was plenty of food for all of them The hot meal was washed down with the usual supply of Twisty Water (Zesty Lemon and Lime flavor.)
After the meal Stumpy lamented that he missed his evening 'baccy. He was reassured by Alaric that the dwarves could get tobacco once they reached EBase. However, they would have to buy it on the black market. Alaric stated that tobacco was regarded as a noxious weed on E Base. The dwarves would be arrested if they attempted to light up in public.
This provoked a general dwarvish discussion on a) How they would first smoke in secret and b) How they would then promote smoking until it became the big new thing on E Base and c) How they would then become super rich as main suppliers of a brand to be called Dwarf Gold.
After this animated discussion FIDO suddenly moved to the stern of the boat and folded back what looked like a seat. His action revealed a full sized bath! The robot then produced a pipe. He dipped on end in the lake and proceeded to fill the bath with water. The water seemed to pass through his body, emerging steaming hot.
“Bath time!” said FIDO when the bath was filled.
The elves and dwarves all sat around without moving.
“Last into the bath will not get breakfast!” said CLEO.
There was a huge rush as they all stripped and dived into the hot water. Last in appeared to be a tie between Stumpy and Grump they crashed into each other and fell in.
CLEO said it was too close to call so that they would all qualify for breakfast.
Once they were all in the bath, FIDO produced five bars of Lifebuoy soap. They were able to remove several layers of sweat and dirt. The robot then produced towels and pajamas so they were all able to get ready for bed. Blankets and pillows were laid out on the long seats, providing impromptu beds for each individual. They all turned in for a peaceful sleep.
When Jake woke, the dwarves were up and about. They had found a pot of paint and a brush. They had already painted the name Nautilas on the port bow of the vessel. Now they had enlisted the help of FIDO to turn the boat around so they could paint the name on the starboard side.
As Jake completed his morning ablutions using the somewhat primitive onboard facilities, the dwarves finished their self appointed task. Alaric returned from what he called “a short walk in the woods” and they all settled down for breakfast.
FIDO set the tables with plates and utensils. He had cooked the food using his nuclear stove located in his tiny galley. Breakfast consisted of tinned sliced bacon, scrambled eggs made from a large tin of dried egg powder. All this food had been kept in sealed tins aboard the vessel. The meal ended with the usual excellent drink of Twisty Water. This had presumably come from a miniaturized supply. It was hardly likely that an Army boat would carry supplies of Twisty Water since the drink is unknown on earth! FIDO also made fresh coffee, crushing the beans inside his metallic anatomy.
After an excellent breakfast, they sat discussing methods of locating Vanishing Island. Jake had no recollection of ever visiting the Island in the past. Alaric insisted that he had done so and that he had “travelled” to the island using some method known only to himself. Because Jake was adamant that he had never been to the lake before, they did not reach any conclusion in respect to locating the island. Little Sam eventually left the discussion and started searching through numerous cupboards lining the boat. Eventually he found a hand fishing line. He then sat on a small ornamental bridge near the boathouse, baited the hook with a chunk of bread and dropped the line into the water. Almost immediately the bait was taken and he wound in a wriggling roach.
Hearing the noise of an approaching motor boat, robot FIDO and Alaric immediately hid inside the aft cupboard.
This left Jake and the three dwarves in clear view.
A motor cruiser entered the bay. The incoming boat was painted blue and white and showed a large sign WATER POLICE. It was manned by two tough looking humans, both dressed in blue uniforms.
“Ahoy, Nautilas!” an amplified voice boomed across the bay. “Show your day angling permit now.”
Jake looked helplessly at the police boat.
“Who is in charge?” the voice boomed across the water.
“Jake Naughty,” shouted Grumpy. “He is the captain!”
“Jake Naughty! Identify yourself!”
Jake pointed at himself.
“Jake Naughty, you are obviously underage to be in charge of a boat. One of the short men with beards must be the captain and he is attempting to blame a young boy! Which of you short bearded men is the captain?”
The three dwarves all pointed at each other!
“Very well, then we must arrest all of you. You will be fined for fishing without a permit,” boomed the voice. “Now display your operators license or your cruising day pass.”
Jake held up a scrap of paper which he had found underneath his seat. It was scrutinized through binoculars.
“That is not a boat operators license or a cruising day pass! It is a Mars Bar wrapper! Jake Naughty , you will be charged with failing to show appropriate documentation and attempting to mislead the water police! You will be required to attend Court in one months time! The three bearded hoodlums are to be arrested immediately! We intend to board you and check the contents of your craft!”
“Oops!” said Little Sam. He jumped back onto the boat. Little Sam said: “They will find FIDO and Alaric. Hey! I know! We can say that we are actually a film crew making a movie about aliens and robots! FIDO and Alaric can both play dead! We can pretend they are props!”
“I'm sure they'll buy that!” said Grumpy. “We haven't got a camera but that's only a minor detail. We are bound to get arrested! And it's your stupid fault for fishing!”
Jake sat petrified as the police boat drew closer.
Suddenly they heard a burst of radio noise across the water.
The two policemen appeared to be listening to some incoming message.
The police boat began turning abruptly as the megaphone voice boomed: “We have to leave immediately. A strange monster has been spotted in the lake! Do not leave this bay as you may be attacked! We have recorded the name and number of your boat and we will return to arrest the bearded men shortly!”
The police boat turned and roared out of the bay, leaving a vast wake of white water. The anchored army boat rocked in a series of buffeting waves created by the departing cruiser. CLEO piped up. “I sent them a message about a monster! They will not find anything! But you must leave and hide the boat.”
Alaric crawled out of the cupboard, followed by FIDO.
“I have to appear in court!” said Jake. “That means I cannot leave for one month. The dwarves are going to be arrested and put in jail! The cops almost got you and FIDO as well but CLEO distracted them!”
“It is not necessary for you to appear in court, Sire,” said Alaric. :”Members of the Royal house are not required to appear in Court. You are Regis Excuse!”
“I am not excused because I am not a member of the royal house! I am an imposter! My only royal parts are my ears. They may be excused but the rest of me must appear in court. I will probably be sent back to prison! I should have stayed there! The food was good! I didn't know the trains were fakes until you turned up and spoiled everything! I must now wait a month!”
Jake suddenly had a brighter thought.
“Hey! This means I can go train spotting! I can train spot for a month while you start looking for this lost island. I will come back to get sentenced! The dwarves can go into hiding or they may be executed!”
CLEO suddenly piped up. “Correct on all assumptions! Jake should go train spotting and I will accompany him. The dwarves must go into hiding! This boat must be moved to a place where it cannot be found by the police. I have located a suitable site! Start engines! Head directly across the lake!”
As they scrambled to up anchor, FIDO plugged the jet motor into his chest. Jake felt a sudden surge of elation. At last he could go spotting! Even if he was sentenced to a long term in prison he would at last be a genuine Spotter.
Then he had another darker thought.
He seemed to be doomed to never cop the lot.
Could something else happen to spite his plans?
FIDO's jet foamed behind the boat as they started across the lake. Jake retrieved his ABC and started readying himself for business. True business as a steam train spotter! He thumbed through the book. His mind abruptly flashed back to the past, when the reformed wizard had been driving the steam locomotive Spitfire. The wizard had been a steam engine driver. He had been suddenly retrenched many years ago. What did the word retrenched mean? Why had a top steam engine driver been retrenched?
The cover of his ABC showed All Australian Steam Locomotives from 1910 to 1960.
Why not to the present? Was the ABC out of date?
“CLEO! What does retrenched mean? Why does my ABC only go up to 1960? Why not to the present?” he asked. He was speaking over the hissing, splashing noise coming from the boat.
“Many steam drivers were retrenched or put out of work and had to look for new jobs when steam was phased out in the 1960’s,” said the computer. Her voice sounded from the rack above his head. It was almost drowned by the noise of the jet. “Most railway systems world wide are now entirely diesel powered or run by electricity! A few steam engines have been kept by enthusiasts. You can still cop them. But this small sample would hardly form an impressive ABC. I felt you must have an impressive ABC and therefore I listed all steam engines which were active in the United Kingdom between 1910 and 1960. However, there is a steam train near us.! The Puffing Billy line is quite close by. If we retrace our steps you could catch a train to Melbourne from Lilydale. Then you could change trains at Ringwood and get the Belgrave line to reach the Puffing Billy railway station.”
Jake: “But if we retrace our steps I will be caught at Healesville.”
CLEO: “I am looking at ways to reach the Puffing Billy line! You nay cop a few namers there.”
Jake: “A few namers? I want to cop hundreds of steam namers! I want to cop all the LNER namers I want to get all the streaks, the A1's, A2's, A3's, B1’s,etc! I want to cop the lot! After that I want to cop all the LMS namers! Then the Great Western and the Southern.!”
CLEO: “A worthy ambition! But only five LNER streaks remain. They are Bittern, Union of South Africa, Mallard, Dwight D Eisenhower and Dominion of Canada.The last two A4’s are not in the United Kingdom, so you will have to go to North Amarica to cop them. There is one rebuilt LMS streak which is not running. There is one new build A1. But they are all on the other side of this planet.”
“Well, we will have to travel to the United Kingdom and then America. We can go to Lilydale and change at Ringwood. But did you say there are only five A4's? That's ridiculous. You could see more than that at Grantham in one day! Paul Palmer copped nine A 4 namers in one day! His feat was recorded in the Spotters Almanac! Surely if I stay at Grantham for a few weeks I can get all the A4’s?”
CLEO: “Well, you might. There are three A4’s currently running in the United Kingdom.”
Jake: “Three! There are twenty four listed in my ABC!”
CLEO: “Most of them were scrapped many years ago. Many years have passed since the Great Scrapping. But, it is now possible to cop the lot in a matter of weeks. That is progress!”
Jake sat absorbing this shocking news. Most of the steam engines had been scrapped! His record would now be a mere shell of what it could have been. However, he recovered.
Jake “Very well, I will cop whatever is left. I will start at Grantham, I can get a train from Lilydale.”
“It is not possible to reach Grantham by train from Lilydale,” said CLEO.
“But your map showed I could get to Grantham from Lilydale via Ringwood,” said Jake.
“In the interests of Prison Harmony I produced a creative map,” said CLEO. “The East and West Coast Main Lines are actually located in the United Kingdom which is some considerable distance from here.”
The boat surged on across the blue water of Lake Eel Done.
Alaric and the dwarves listened with interest as Jake and the computer continued to talk.
“Well, we can take a train to the United Kingdom instead,” said Jake. “We can still begin at Lilydale and change somewhere else. Can you print tickets?”
There was a long silence.
“I can print “genuine” credit cards,” said CLEO. “I can print “genuine” money. But I cannot print a genuine railway ticket that will get us to the United Kingdom. No trains go to the United Kingdom from here. The United Kingdom is 12,000 miles away, on the other side of this planet!”
Jake was astounded. CLEO had not only invented a holographic railway line complete with pretend trains. She had also printed an entirely fake railway map! Still, it was all in the past. The computers crafty, devious nature had been exposed once again. It was now clearly up to the computer to repair the damage her lying had produced.
“Well, how will you and I get to England to train spot?” he asked. “I assume you want to go and you can print tickets and money. But how are we going to reach England?”
CLEO: “We can travel by plane. A jet plane is parked in orbit and can be twaddled into this universe via a burking signal. The plane can be set to fly on automatic at very low altitude in order to evade human radar systems. This is known as wave hopping. The plane has a top speed of 2,000 mph so we will only be airborne for approximately six hours depending on wind conditions. It can land on either an airstrip or water, since it has various types of landing gear. For our train spotting trip we can land on a remote Scottish lake. We can then proceed by train to begin spotting. Alaric and the dwarves can fish for salmon in a Scottish river! You can purchase supplies from a supermarket! You will have to wear something to cover your ears so you look more or less human. I can print all the money you will need. FIDO can cook. Once we have copped the lot we can return here, find the Gateway and then go home!”
FIDO suddenly broke in. “I will only cook if I am also allowed to train spot! I wish to be first robot to cop the lot!”
The boat bounced on over choppy waves. The wind was strengthening but Jake hardly noticed. Train spotting in England! On the East Coast Main Line! Grantham! The spotters heaven! However, most of the namers had already been scrapped. He could only get a comparative handful even if he copped every namer in England. It would hardly be the glory he had imagined.
He suddenly had a brilliant thought.
“Wait a minute! We have a time machine! I can go back to 1952 and cop the lot! There must have been hundreds of namers in 1952!”
“Yes!” said CLEO. “In 1952 we could definitely cop hundreds of namers. I can print authentic LNER and LMS and GWR ABC's for 1952! We can each have one region. Once we have individually copped a region we can join up and cop the Southern Region. We will then be the World's Top Spotters! We can never be challenged because no one else can ever get back to 1952! We will be the first spotters to achieve Great Target!”
The computer sounded almost ecstatic.
“Wait a minute,” said Jake. “It's not WE. It's ME. I will be the one and only Top Spotter! I will personally cop the lot. You are not a person. You are a computer. FIDO is a robot. FIDO can come with me because he might count as half a spotter. He might be in a special category of robo spotters. But even if you cop everything and make a huge file of photographs it still won't count! A computer cannot be a Top Spotter. You cannot be a compuspotter!”
“Yes, I can and it will count!” said CLEO insistently. “Despite a massive search, I have not been able to find a rule that says anyone who cops the lot has to be a human or a robot! Computers are totally acceptable! Totally acceptable!”
“Your record won't count!” he said Jake eventually. “You are a girl computer and you have to be a boy to spot. Preferably an organic boy! Robots are allowed providing they are male robots!”
Fortunately a really heated argument was averted as the boat nosed into a small bay. They cruised for a short distance and then turned into a secluded harbor. FIDO continued to power and steer the boat. They closed the shore and FIDO cut back his jet power until they were simply nosing forward. Finally, they entered an ancient boat shed. It was almost completely hidden behind a thick screen of bushes. Vegetation covered the entrance. As they slid through hanging vines and passed inside the boat became entirely invisible to any outside observer.
Inside the boathouse, it was still light.
FIDO reversed thrust and the boat stopped.
FIDO then stood up and retrieved an object from Jake's pack.
The object was expanded.
It became a small TV which FIDO placed on a table inside. The set burst into life and showed a railway scene. “Grantham in 1952 is an exciting place for train spotters.” said an announcer.An A4 steamed into view as a group of school boy spotters cheered.
CLEO. “I have instructed FIDO to expand the special television set which is now standing on the table. It is able to receive programs transmitted in the past! I have tuned it to a program called Steam Crazy which ran in 1952! You can watch that program in order to pick sites to cop namers.”
The mournful hoot of an A4 sounded from the set. Jake watched eagerly as the crowd of spotters peered down the line. But before the engine appeared CLEO spoke again. “Once you have seen the program you can finally choose to spot either LNER, LMS or GWR or Southern. Whichever region you select I will get my choice of one of the other regions. FIDO will get one of the two remaining regions. One region will not be spotted so that some other person can have the glory of copping the lot there! In the meantime, we will have a racet! Whoever cops the lot on one region wins!”
“How do you intend to travel without me?” asked Jake hotly. “You are not exactly mobile. You must be carried by me. You can make records of engines I spot!”
There was a short silence. Waves lapped around the bow of the boat. FIDO was now busy in an area he had turned into a galley. He was cooking up a meal.
“Little Sam has agreed to carry me,” said CLEO suddenly. “You must now decide whether you want to cop the LNER or the LMS or the Southern. FIDO wants the GWR.”
Jake was stunned. He had already worked up his own plan. Both CLEO and FIDO would accompany him. FIDO would do the cooking and take pictures. He would send FIDO on errands and put CLEO in a box so neither of them could see everything! Jake would spot every region until he had copped the lot! His record would then be beyond dispute His log would include three records. First, a completed ABC (with every spotted engine underlined.) Second, computer records with spotting location, date and time. Third, digital photographs of every namer. For this latter purpose he would use FIDO to make most of the digital pics but he would get CLEO to supply his own personal camera. This would make sure that Jake and only Jake had the record!”
And now he could only have one region and he would be alone! He would now have to make digital photographs of every engine, leaving him with a monstrous cataloguing task. And FIDO would not be present to do the cooking! It was a disastrous outcome. Alaric was obviously bored with the conversation and began strumming on a collapsible sitar carried in his backpack.
Jake was busy thinking up possible ways to force CLEO and FIDO to accompany him on a proposed four region super train spotting trip when there was a sudden local event. Then the boat rocked violently as a large wave hit the hull. The vegetation hanging before the prow of the boat was pushed aside. A massive shovel shaped head suddenly appeared, protruding from a long sinewy neck. The head turned and two glowing eyes surveyed the boat and its occupants.
Jake and his companions all looked in amazement at the huge head which was now intently studying the boat and its inhabitants.
“It must be reading our minds!” said Grumpy.
“It must be!” said Jake. “But is it friendly? Or does it intend to read our minds, find out what will cause us to be friendly and then lure us until we are off our guards and then smash us all to bits!!! With my luck that’s exactly the kind of thing that can happen!”
There was a short tense silence. Water lapped around Nautilas. In the distance, birds made a ceaseless racket. The wind whistled softly around the boathouse. Finally, the monster spoke.
“Rubbish! I do not intend to smash anyone and I am not reading your minds! You are hearing my nside your head because I am singing it inside my head. Because you are close by you can all hear my melodious voice! Anyway, where are you going? I know where I want to go! I want to go home!”
CLEO suddenly spoke. “This being is a pterosaur!” she said. “They have only been seen on rare occasions. They are marine creatures of the dinosaur type. It is believed that they remain alive in Loch Ness, a large body of water in Scotland.”
“Ye ken!” said the soft voice. “My name is Nessie and Loch Ness is where I live. At least, that is where I used to live with my family. I want to go home!”
They all sat looking at the huge head with its sad eyes. “How did you get here in the first place?” said Alaric. “You are a very long way from Loch Ness. You must be a remarkable swimmer to get from Scotland to Australia! You have swum more than half way across this planet.”
“Not exactly,” said the monster. “I was learning how to catch fish. I dived after a fish and went into a funny kind of hole. I came out here in this lake!”
“Nessie must have been inadvertently caught in a vortex,” said CLEO. “This event may have coincided with the Princes visit to this very lake. In opening the Gateway for inspection he may have caused a localized interflux which transported this marine creature through the planet and into these waters!”
She addressed a question to Nessie.
“Did you see a young man with a sword when you arrived?”
“Nay! I did not see anyone! I have been here for ages and I hope that you have come to take me hame! I will reward you with a case of Scotch, straight malt, very best Glenfiddler!”
“Good!” said Grumpy. “That offer settles the matter! A case of straight malt Scotch! We can get drunk while Jake wastes his time train spotting!”
“Yes, I'll send the plane back with your booze while I go train spotting session with CLEO,” said Jake, seizing his chance. “There will not be room for FIDO, Nessie, myself, Alaric, CLEO and three dwarves. There will only be room for Nessie and me! That is my Plan A! I will pilot the plane!”
“Incorrect!” said CLEO. “You are not a passed pilot! And you will not be able to travel on the plane. Nessie will take up the entire fuselage and FIDO must pilot the plane.”
Jake: “No! I have a Plan B. Nessie can wait here while I get all the namers! I will pilot the plane! You have already said it has an automatic pilot. It will basically steer itself. You will give me the required info and I will enter the data so it steers us to the required destination. I suggest landing on a lake somewhere near the main East Coast line!”
“The plane cannot land or take off on automatic. It must be under the guidance of a trained pilot,” said CLEO. She repeated: “A trained pilot.”
“And that pilot will be me! I will be the pilot!” Jake shouted.
“That is not possible. You have not even opened the file on piloting jet planes and you will not be able to either take off or land. You are certainly not a passed pilot! The autopilot only operates when the plane is airborne, has reached a sufficient altitude and already flying in the correct direction. FIDO will be required to take off and land the plane both here and at its destination.” said CLEO. “FIDO is, of course, a passed pilot with a very high level of skill.”
“No!” shouted Jake. “I want to go train spotting now! You can come with me and we will share the regions! In fact, you can even choose the region! I will simply be your porter, a humble lad who shares the adventure as an assistant.”
With this expansive offer he hoped to woo CLEO into letting him go first. Whether or not he would have actually allowed CLEO to choose a region, or whether he would have forced the computer to spot his chosen region is a moot point.



Chapter 25
Executive Decision!


In any case, CLEO was not to be moved.
“Jake Zero, as Leader of the Expedition you are now required to make an Executive Decision,” said CLEO. “Do you wish to send this young dinosaur back to Scotland so she will not die of a broken heart? Or do you wish to leave her here while you selfishly go train spotting? This decision will weigh very heavily on your chances of getting a pardon.”
The usual kind of ridiculously biased question!
The answer was that he did wish to be entirely selfish and go train spotting! He was prepared to take his chances re a trial that would probably never happen! And Nessie could be transported back to Scotland once he returned.
He was about to give this answer when CLEO added:
“It might be noted that Loch Ness Monsters are normally friendly. But if they become enraged as a result of some negative event, they are likely to attack, kill and eat everything in sight!”
As if to confirm this comment, Nessie suddenly clamped her huge jaws together with a rasping, grating sound. There was a huge subterranean splash and Nautilas rocked violently.
Alaric looked alarmed and spoke hurriedly: “Sire, it might be best if you send the wee beastie home, get the Scotch, leave the dwarves here drinking and then depart on your train spotting trip. You can use the waiting period to plan your spotting strategy.” he said.
Jake was now fighting to keep his balance.
Huge waves rocked the boat.
Nessie suddenly put her head up and gave an ear splitting booming scream which seemed to go on forever.
“Nessie wanna gey hame!” (Nessies wants to go home!)
She moved again and Nautilas almost over turned in the massive swell. The sheltering boat house rocked violently as a massive wave crested towards the shore.
Jake was drenched with spray and fought to maintain his balance. Suddenly, his train spotting trip seemed less vital than staying alive.
“Very well, I can wait!” shouted Jake. “Where is the plane?”
“Currently the plane is in low orbit around a planet in Universe Plus One,” said CLEO. The pack containing the computer was now standing on a seat.
Strangely, despite the deluge of water the pack was quite dry. CLEO continued: “I will transmit a signal which will cause the plane to twaddle into this Universe and land on the lake outside.”
A few minutes later a gleaming white seaplane zoomed into sight and landed on the lake. The landing generated an impressive wake of white foam. Once again the shore was battered by the ensuing waves. The plane taxied into the bay and stood near to the boathouse, rocking slightly in the remaining swell.
“Wait a minute!” Jake cried. “You said that the plane had to be piloted by FIDO. But it just landed on automatic! Therefore, I can go with Nessie and commence spotting alone! Alone! I can cop the lot on one region and then come back. Then we can both go and you can choose two regions one for you and one for FIDO. I will also get the fourth region, the one I have not already done! That will be a bonus! Two regions! It is only fair considering the hard time I have had since Alaric arrived!”
“The plane landed under radio control from me!” said CLEO. “No such facilities exist in Scotland and I do not have sufficient transmitting range to control events 12,000 miles away. But if you were to pilot the plane, you would almost certainly crash before you even begin your journey. E Base can hardly afford to have an untrained pilot trying to control a crack plane. FIDO will now assist Nessie to board.”
This proved to be a difficult exercise. The pterosaur was very large indeed and only managed to get aboard by wriggling through a dual doorway. She filled the passenger compartment totally. At length, FIDO entered through the crew door and took up the controls. The heavily laden plane bumped across the lake and then slowly began to gain speed, skimming the waves. The take off appeared to be very extended, so that the watching elves and dwarves began to wonder if the plane would ever manage to get airborne.
Finally, it lifted off sluggishly. After appearing to almost hit the trees on the far side of the lake the plane eventually began to gain height heading due south. Silence descended as the sound of the plane gradually faded.
“That plane will crash either here or at the South Pole,” said Stumpy dolefully. “FIDO may be attempting to take the southern polar route to Scotland. Now the plane will be lost and we will never get our whisky! And it will also mean that Jake will not be able to go train spotting, which would leave us in peace. Basically, the news is all bad!”
However, this analysis proved incorrect. The plane suddenly reappeared at an altitude of about three thousand feet. It eventually flew directly over the site of the hidden boat.
The plane vanished, heading south west.
“Flight 001 for Loch Ness has now departed,” said CLEO suddenly. “Flight 001 is a direct flight with no stops for sightseeing, buying duty free articles or merely amassing frequent flier points! Flying time is estimated at 12 hours to Loch Ness. The return flight is also estimated at 12 hours, assuming normal conditions of wind turbulence. Disembarkation in Scotland is estimated to be approximately 4 hours allowing for a welcome from Nessies relatives. In addition, Nessie has requested that the plane should wait for another 24 hours at Loch Ness so she can obtain supplies of Glenfiddler Scotch! These will be brought back as a thanks and as a tribute to the Royal Elvish Household. The complete program means that we have just over two days before the plane returns. This time may be profitably used to locate the site of the Gateway and ensure that it is working correctly for our eventual use.”
FIDO had left a tray of sandwiches and five bottles of Twisty Water, Jake sat munching his sandwiches, gazing glumly at the inner walls of the boat shed. He then took to leafing through the two ABC's printed by CLEO. He was gazing at a blank page and imagining it to read: Property of The All Time Greatest Top Spotter Jake A. Zero when Alaric said:
“Sire, I watched you summon the royal barge on the last occasion of your visit to this lake. You simply used the flat of your sword to hit the surface of the lake. The barge duly appeared although no one in your entourage was allowed to watch your departure. I assume you visited the Gateway and found that it was in good working order. Possibly you should try the same procedure?”
Rather than get into yet another argument about his supposed royal heritage, Jake pulled out Sting. As usual, the sword was surrounded by a peculiar glowing light which crackled with sudden bolts of electricity. Jake leaned over the side of the boat and hit the water with the side of the blade. There was a sudden explosive boom and a crackling hiss as the sword touched the surface.
A number of ducks flew away in a wild panic.
Jake sheathed the sword and looked over the prow of the boat at the open water beyond.
“No sign of the magic barge!” he said. “Obviously it only arrives when the actual Prince Jake calls! Messages from a fake prince do not work. We will have to find the real prince before we can call up the water transport!”
The dwarves were all busy eating. A number of ducks returned and floated near the hidden opening of the boat house. Jake went back his study of his railway book, switching his attention between the book and the TV on the Jakech. The TV now showed another railway scene with the super: “Crewe 1952. An LMS Spotters Paradise! “ Jake reflected that his own situation was more like a Spotters Nightmare. It had to be LMS or LNER! He had always intended to do both as a start on copping the lot! Was there some way, any way that he could make peace with CLEO and talk the computer into letting him go alone? He could then cop all the namers on both regions. But if CLEO came with him he would have to share the glory of being the Top Spotter. And if FIDO also came he would have to share the glory with both of them! He would have to share his title with a metal box and a tin man!
The metal box, currently resident in his back pack suddenly spoke. “The royal barge is about to surface directly outside this boat shed.” said CLEO.
Jake looked out over the lake. His view was somewhat obscured by vegetation growing over the entrance to the boat house. He leaned out and pulled back the growth. He peered out but could see no sign of a boat. There was nothing but an expanse of dark water bisected by countless rolling waves. Then, abruptly, the surface foamed and the somewhat sinister shape of a submarine surfaced.
Water poured off the conning tower.
“So much for your hypothesis, Prince Jake!” said Alaric moving up to join Jake at the stern of the boat and peeping out. “Here is the barge. It is exactly the same boat which I watched you enter almost a year ago. It comes up and then submerges! As to where it goes I have no idea.”
Jake looked at the submarine in some awe. His mind flashed over various possibilities. The sword had put some kind of electrical shock into the lake. It might be the same shock which would have been transmitted by Prince Jake's real sword. Sting must be a perfect copy of the actual sword! Or Sting might even be the real sword! The kidnappers had fantastic resources and they had equipped the lookalike with a real sword in order to create confusion! However, as usual he was not given time to think.
“Let's get aboard and have a look at the Gateway!” said Alaric breezily. “You can always come back, wait for the plane and do your train spotting trip while I get things ready to fire up a rebellion at E Base!”
A rebellion at E Base! If he followed Alaric's guidance he would be the fake head of a load of rebels! They would all have beards! He would be the only rebel without a beard. That would make him an obvious target for the Royal forces. The rebels would all be wearing belts of ammunition, carrying hand grenades and toting guns! Even if he carried a gun and wore a belt of ammunition with hand grenades he would still lack a beard! He would have to get a fake beard!
Even that would all be for nothing. Even if the rebels won he would still eventually be unmasked as a ringer! It would mean that he would be immediately executed by his own rebel troops! On the other hand if the rebels lost he would be instantly executed by the Regent.
Jake was now mulling over some way to avoid boarding the submarine. Getting aboard would currently involve swimming across the gap between the boathouse and the sub.
Possibly he could claim that he could not swim!
Then a rope suddenly shot out from the submarine and attached itself to their army boat. The sub winched itself in until it floated snugly hard against their own boat. It became a simple matter to step from their craft onto the submarine. Alaric immediately did so, picking up his pack, pushing aside the undergrowth and then skipping down a metal walkway on top of the sub. He appeared to be in high spirits with no cares at all. Finally he disappeared down the conning tower. He was followed by the dwarves, walking in file with Little Sam in the lead. The dwarves were also carrying their packs.
Jake now sat alone in the ex army boat.
“Are you going to sit there all day?” said CLEO. “Get into the sub and have a look at the Gateway. I have always wanted to see what Prince Jake saw when he went down alone last year. You can take me in your pack!”
“Why did you say you want me to see what Prince Jake saw?” said Jake. “I am supposed to be Prince Jake! But you know for certain that I am not Prince Jake. I am a convict, drawn into a web of lies and intrigue! I am a convict and you are horrible computer warder CLEO! And if, as and when I get through a Gateway I will certainly end up being executed! The Regent will send his robots to hunt me down!”
“Well,” said CLEO. “Whether you are Prince Jake or Convict Jake providing you are wearing the Accessible Sapphire the Regent will be forced to obey the Great Primary Elvish Code! He will be obliged to kneel and KISS YOUR ASS!”
“What! The Regent will have to kiss my ass?” said Jake.
“I am, of course using a figure of speech. A S S stands for the Accessible Sapphire Signet. That is the royal Signet ring worn by Prince Jake on his index finger when he is in full regalia. The Regent would have to kiss that ring in order to confirm his loyalty to the throne,” said CLEO. “Anyway, all you have to do is get the ring! And that involves first getting to the Gateway! So let's get aboard so we can discover the location of the Gateway. Then we can come back and both go train spotting! My original offer is still open. If you are prepared to share the position of Top Spotter I am prepared to accompany you and we can cop the lot in both regions. If you insist on going solo then you will have to spot alone, without assistance! Nothing! No shed passes! You will have to somehow avoid the Railway Police! You will be hunted in every main line station, around every shed, in every railway café! And you will have no money! No money for tea and buns or chips! No money to even spend a penny and get into a loo! You will have to risk going behind a bush! You will be on the edge all the time! With only one ballpoint pen! When that runs out…you will have no way to even record any new namers! But if I am with you things will not be like that! You will be totally equipped for de luxe spotting!”
Mulling over these harsh facts, Jake picked up his pack and stepped over onto the submarine. He walked over the narrow deck and then climbed down the conning tower. Inside the sub, glowing red lighting showed an array of instruments.
The dwarves were all studying the depths of the lake through portholes built into the hull.
Alaric was reading a book of instructions.
“I trust your royal highness remembers how to operate this submarine?” he said. “This book of instructions is written in the Old Tongue. I can't understand which instruction will cause us to descend to the Gateway. I am not sure whether the instruction should be Pergando, Vircanto or Slantino,Exlibris,Jenovis, Sarovis or Jakovis.”
Jake sat down in next to the elf.
“I have no idea at all,” he said. “I have informed you many times that I am not Prince Jake. I have never been in this submarine before!”
“Greetings!” said a metallic booming voice. “Submersible vehicle U 2 greets your royal highness! Please give a command so that this humble sub may be of service!”
There was a long silence as Jake digested this news. Even the submarine computer appeared to have mistaken him for the prince! It must be his royal ears! But what should he command? One instruction would presumably take them to the Gateway but which instruction? What would be the result of giving the wrong command? The sub might drown him as an imposter! He decided to say nothing. The silence was eventually broken when the metallic voice spoke again.
“In the event that you require time to meditate I will give myself the command Exlibris. This will cause the boat to dock at the bottom of the lake until you are ready to move.”



Chapter 26
Inside the alien sub


The conning tower hatch slammed shut, the mooring rope unwound and slipped back into an aperture. The submarine turned slowly, with some kind of jet pulsating at the rear. The vessel then began to move forward and descend into the depths of the lake. Schools of fish swam past the portholes, making a glittering spectacle. They passed great clumps of green weed swaying in the current. Silver fish darted around. Finally, they ground to a halt, resting on the bottom. Outside the portholes they could see only the opaque light of an underwater world.
Far above, the surface sparkled with dancing sunlight.
“Now what?” said Jake. “I know what command causes this submarine to rest on the bottom. But I have no idea which instruction to give to make it go to the Gateway! I hope the sub has plenty of oxygen or we will all die of aspiryciation.”
“The correct word is asphyxiation.” said CLEO immediately. Her voice came from inside Jake’s pack where the computers hardware was located. “Your spelling continues to be dreadful. Organic beings like yourself must have oxygen in order to survive. Electronic beings like myself can survive without oxygen and I am waterproofed so my components not be affected. However, my batteries would eventually run out of charge. My only hope would then be the return of robot FIDO who could assist me via an emergency high pressure recharge. Of course, it is possible that FIDO might not be able to find me underwater. I do not know if my transmitter will operate when I am underwater in a submarine. However if you would listen to a lecture on The Propagation of Radio Waves Underwater, by Professor Rex Asher you will be able to optimize my chances of survival. You can set my frequency modulator at whatever recommended level the Professor gives. My frequency modulator can be accessed through my front panel.”
Jake: “At the moment, I am busy optimizing my own chances of survival! You will have to wait for a more suitable opportunity!”
He thought for a moment. “Of course, if you promised me a good meal I might make an exception and act now!”
CLEO: “I have no available food supplies in this submarine.”
Jake: “Well, that is too bad. You will just have to worry! Not about the fact that we are being pursued by an Army division because you totally failed to cover our tracks! The main thing to worry about is somehow recharging yourself underwater, prison computer warder CLEO!”
CLEO: “Ex-prison computer warder CLEO. Now your Special Assistant as you attempt a return to E Base for your new trial!”
Jake: “A new trial, which, of course, will find me guilty! However, if we stay on the bottom of this lake I will be spared that fate and I will also have the satisfaction of knowing that the most irritating computer in the universe will shortly run out of power and become morinbud.”
CLEO: “The correct word is moribund. Spell moribund.”
“I will not. I am busy! “ said Jake.
He strained to see out of a porthole.
“We appear to have landed on the top of an underwater mountain,” he said.
“That is incorrect!” said CLEO. “We are already underwater so we cannot land. We have bottomed onto an underwater mountain.”
“Prince Jake, you told me that you used an underwater suit to swim into the Gateway when you came here before,” said Alaric breaking into the conversation. “What instruction will retrieve the suit?”
“No idea,” said Jake. “I would only be able to answer that question if I were Prince Jake. I am not Prince Jake so I cannot answer! Just because I have Sting and because I have elvish ears which may well be his ears, that does not mean I am him! I am a convict! A brutal thug! A person who took the criminal path! I took a chance! I was duly arrested and convicted to hundreds of years in prison!”
“Well, now we must take a chance and guess,” said Grumpy suddenly. “Let Little Sam do it! He is so lucky that if he sits down flowers bloom under his bum!”
“Very well,” said Jake. “Little Sam, choose the right word to bring out the diving suits and open the hatch so we can have a look around. Pergando, Vircanto or Slantino ?”
Without a seconds hesitation Little Sam said: “Slantino.”
A door at the rear of the craft opened to reveal a line of diving suits hanging from racks. “Please put on your suits,” said the metallic voice of the ships computer. “Once you are suited up, press the blue button to give you air supply which is sufficient for six hours sightseeing in the lake. You may talk to each other by radio communication units built into your suit. Return to this vessel via the conning tower which will automatically close once you are all aboard. This craft will then return to its berth by the boathouse.”
They all moved to the rack and climbed into the suits. Alaric indicated that they should carry the packs as they might not need to return once they were inside the mountain. Once they had all turned on air supplies they filed forward and climbed back up the conning tower. An air lock closed and the conning tower opened so they were able to climb out and float down to the top of an underwater mountain.
It became apparent that the submarine lay across a plateau which formed the flattened top of an underwater peak. It lay next to a massive rock which straddled a subterranean plateau.
“The entrance to the Gateway must be under the rock!” said Alaric, his voice muffled by the suit. “There must have been an underwater earth quake which has covered the entrance used by the Prince. What are we to do?”
“We can move that mother with one stick of explosive.” said Stumpy. “But has CLEO got any explosive left?”
There was no reply from the computer residing in Jake's backpack.” She cannot talk down here!” said Jake joyfully. “It must be the pressure! At last I have found a place where motor mouth cannot blabber! The bottom of a lake!”
“Motor mouth was simply checking her inventory to ensure that her reply was accurate!” said the voice of CLEO. “I am equipped for communication in all types of medium. I was checking and found that I can communicate with the plane so I will be able to contact FIDO and save myself in the event of your probable demise! I now report that there are two sausages of XTX left in the inventory. However, to blow up an underwater rock it will be necessary to use underwater demolition methods. This means lighting a suitable fuse which will burn underwater. Such a fuse along with underwater matches and the XTX are kept under inventory item 55/321. It will be necessary to return above water in order to retrieve these items and prepare them for use. It would be preferable to wait for the return of robot FIDO from his journey. He is experienced in the preparation of XTX and its associated devices.”
They all swam back and re entered the submarine. Once they were inside the conning tower closed and the water drained away. The suits were taken off and put back onto the rack which then vanished inside what appeared to be a plain steel wall.
They all sat inside the sub and resumed discussions.
“We still do not know the correct word that will take us back to the boat house,” said Jake. “There are several left. But which command will take us back? Can Little Sam. Make another choice?”
The voice of the submarine itself replied: “No! Whoever is in command of this ship must give the command order.”
“That means you,” said Alaric, turning to Jake. “Sire, you are in command. Surely your royal luck will be at least as good as the luck of a dwarf.”
“Don’t count on that!” said Stumpy and Grumpy in unison. “No one has luck like Little Sam.”
Little Sam sat grinning.
“Well, what should it be?” asked Alaric. “Which command will get this submarine back to the army boat?”
Jake sat pondering. Another decision! This time he was underwater in a futuristic submarine that answered voice commands. And now he must choose from a selection of weird elvish words. If he chose the wrong command the submarine might go anywhere! Jake sat rapidly falling into a blue funk. Then Alaric spoke.
“Sire, with your leave! Little Sam! Choose the command which will get us back to our army boat,” said Alaric.
“Vircanto!” said Little Sam instantly. The submarine lifted and then took them back to the boat house where the army boat was hidden One by one they climbed up the hatchway, walked along the narrow deck and clambered back into the army boat. They opened two tins of bully beef and ate a cold supper before turning in.



Chapter 27
Which word?


After breakfast the next day they sat around deciding which of the command words would get them to the Gateway. “The remaining words are Pergando, Vircanto, Slantino, and Jakovis.” said Alaric.
“Maybe we should ask the submarine,” said Jake, “It has a commanding brain.”
“Yes, and if that brain finds out that we are not two royal visitors making a tour of the lake it will very probably go and lie on the lake bed until we stop breathing,” said Stumpy morosely. “Quite why we decided to join this madcap circus I don’t know.”
“Probably for jewels and gold,” said Little Sam. “In any case, we have joined and it is up to us to help get to E Base so we can get our jewels and gold. The simple way is not to keep on guessing but to work through the remaining words in order. The only remaining question is whether to start with the last word or the first word.”
This brought on an argument about chance, solved on when CLEO pointed out that as they could chose only one word the odds would be the same for any word. In the event, Jake decided to work on his usual system of eenie, meanie, miney, mo. This lead to the selection of Jakovis. They all moved back into the submarine and Jake said “Jakovis.”
“Ah,” said the submarine voice, “Jackovis. Quite a lot father than a small step for a man! Definitely not a place you would expect to find on the bottom of a lake. The Gateway engineers were stunned to find the outlet there. The Prince went there to meditate on the matter of succession.”
“Do you remember meditating there?” asked Alaric.
“No!” said Jake. “I am not the Prince, and I do not understand how Jacovis could be on the moon!”
“On the moon?” said the three dwarves.
“Yes, one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind, were the words spoken by the US avronought when he got out of his space ship and did the moonwalk,” said Jake.
“Avronaut is incorrect,” said CLEO. “Astronaut is the correct word.’
The conversation ended when the submarine hatch closed and they motored out from the shore. They finally began diving into the depths of the lake. The dive ended when the submarine bottomed at the base of a deep cleft within an underwater ravine. Viewed through the subs portholes they could see a cave, which appeared through a festoon of brown kelp like weeds. The kelp seemed to sway in a current, giving a strange impression of motion.
“You are advised to keep your suits on even if the viewing area appears not to be underwater,” said the voice of the submarine.
The metal wall slid open. They retrieved the suits and put them on. The sub immediately filled with water. With Jake again providing an unwilling lead they swam out and into the dark hole which marked the site of Jacovis.
They swam into the hole and again followed a lengthy tunnel. It seemed to have been bored through solid rock. The sides of the tunnel were covered in a profusion of peculiar sponge like growths. At one point, Jake was obliged to force his way past an area of sponge which blocked the tunnel.
Eventually he swam into an open cavern. The walls seemed to be made of rock and he had no view of any scene. The cavern was simply a dry cave with smooth walls. There was very little light and the cave was something like a dark room with a background of black walls. Jake clambered out of the water, followed by his companions. He was about to remove his face mask when Alaric emerged from the water and caught his arm. The elf shook his head, reminding Jake of the submarine computers warning. The underwater cavern now became visible thanks to the elf. Alaric glowed, emanating a peculiar golden light which showed they were standing in yet another rectangular structure. The dwarves climbed out one by one until the entire party were now standing on the dry floor of the cave. They stood waiting. Jake expected the front wall to suddenly become transparent but instead there was a sudden wrenching twist, followed by a brilliant blaze of light. Jake felt a peculiar sensation of motion. Abruptly, all the walls of the cavern had become transparent. They were now overlooking a vast desert of reddish sand, marked with large boulders. There was a thin layer of white on the rocks. The transparent walls of the cavern began to become hazy as a layer of frost began to form outside. Then a hidden source of heat opened up and the walls cleared. Jake could see that the cavern now appeared to be standing on a mountaintop with desert on all sides. There was only one moving object standing in the center of a crater. It appeared to be some kind of robot vehicle equipped with a long spindly arm. The robot was busily excavating a hole.
“Where are we?” said Jake. “It hardly looks like the bottom of Lake Eel Done.”
His voice sounded muffled as he spoke through his facemask. “The sun appears to be very small,” said Alaric, motioning across a range of mountains which lay to their left. Indeed, the sun did appear to be small, appearing only as a minute ball of light, almost like a bright star peeping over a mountain range.
“My computations indicate that we have shifted our spatial position!” said CLEO. “I postulate that the Gateway engineers had another miss when they attempted to make a new Gateway to Earth from E Base. They must have gone straight through Terra and landed on the planet Mars! The cave we entered is now part of a direct link between Earth and Mars! It hardly gives one confidence in the engineering prowess of the Gateway engineers! They missed their target the first time and connected their Gateway tunnel to the 4th and 5th dimensions. This caused a great deal of trouble and the loss of three expensive robot pioneers. Then on a second shot they have missed again! This viewing cavern is on Mars! By the way, there is no air up here so that is why you were advised to keep your masks in place.”
Little Sam spoke through his mask.
His said: “This place could make a fortune for dwarvish entrepreneurs!”
“Free trips to Mars!” said Stumpy. He added: “A simple three way split on revenues and…”
“A chance to get out of Jake’s hopeless mission!” said Grumpy. “All in favor now vote….”
Before they could register what would have almost certainly have been a unanimous positive vote, Alaric said: “You should consider the fact that marketing Trips to Mars may be a problem. You are already wanted by the water police and you are being pursued by the UFO Army. Once you start advertising trips to Mars you will be immediately arrested as con men or con dwarves. When the authorities discover that the underwater cavern actually does connect to Mars you will be rapidly hauled off to Area 14 ½ – a special interrogation area where they specializes in alien dwarves!”
That put an end to the dwarves plan to become millionaires. As they stood looking out through the transparent wall, the robot digger suddenly seemed to become aware of their presence. The machine abruptly stopped digging and started moving across the plain, dodging around rocks until it eventually arrived at the wall of their viewing area.
The machine then shone some kind of camera at the transparent wall.
“It might be time to leave immediately,” said CLEO. “The machine staring at us through the window is a Mars Rover. It will transmit pictures of this construct back to Earth. It is possible that the Earthmen have armed satellites overhead. They may attack us just in case we turn out to be aliens.”
“Just in case?” said Jake. “They are all aliens although I am an Earthman myself. I thin as an Earthman thinks! There is no way I would blow up an alien object found on Mars.”
CLEO. “But the Earthmen are warlike. It is quite possible they have armed satellites circling Mars and they are itching to blast a few aliens! In any case, we have only limited amounts of air so we cannot stay around and find out what might happen. We should get back to Lake Eel Done and carry on looking for the Gateway. I will say the word for you. Slantino!”
Once again there was a wrenching feeling of motion and they found themselves back in rock cavern somewhere under the waters of Lake Eel Done. They swam back to the submarine and were transported back to their hidden boat where they had lunch, once again rummaged though a pile of Army rations. On the Jakech the peculiar TV set continued to operate. It was now showing the adventures of a small red steam engine which seemed to be constantly getting into trouble.
Some way north of Lake Eel Done, UFO HQ was in the process of getting an urgent TV relay from NASA. The relayed TV picture from the Mars Lander clearly showed Jake and his companions looking out from a transparent object which was sited on the flat plain below what had been called:”The Mountains of Asrock.” The Mars Lander had even picked up audio as CLEO said “We should get back to Lake Eel Done.” The soldier on duty hastened to record the incoming signal. He would rush it to Colonel Viljoen once the machine had completed downloading.



Chapter 28
XTX


After an early lunch taken from a cold can, Jake had a short nap on his bunk, He woke to find Little Sam holding s stick of XTX next to his head. He jumped up in alarm as Alaric hissed: “Sire! Please be still! This is a delicate operation. XTX must be prepared for use underwater. We have decided that we cannot wait for FIDO to return in view of the fact that the Police searching for us. Little Sam has volunteered to carry out the dangerous task of preparing the XTX for underwater use.”
“He has been chosen because he is the luckiest person here,” growled Grumpy. “If his luck runs out we will all be blown to bits! I was all for waiting until Jet Pilot Super Robot FIDO returned from his Scottish holiday but I have been outvoted.”
“Sire, we did not wish to disturb your sleep,” said Alaric.
“So you preferred to risk blowing me up!” said Jake. “Is this necessary? There are no signs of pursuit. We are safe! You can stay here fishing while CLEO and I go train spotting.”
“The haste, sire, is to get myself and the dwarves into
E Base,” said Alaric. “As your advance guard we can assemble Loyal Followers. We can enlist the help of Princess Cleopatra unless she is already held in prison by that dastardly character the Regent. In any case, when you arrive, you will have forces to defeat the Regent in open battle!”
“He will not be around to defeat anyone if you don't shut up!” shouted Little Sam, “We will all be blown up! You've made me forget whether to twist this wire right or the left!”
“Twist to the left,” said CLEO. “Stay calm.”
They all watched with bated breath as Little Sam twisted a wire on the exposed stick of explosive. There was a collective sigh of relief when CLEO announced: “The XYX is now safe and primed for underwater use. It will only be necessary to insert the XTX into a suitable cavity Jakeeath the rock and then use an underwater match to light the blue fuse. The person who carries out the task will then have fifteen minutes to clear the area. To be totally accurate, the person who lights the fuse will then have fifteen minutes unless the fuse is a faulty short.”
“What happens if it is a faulty short?” asked Jake.
“The ignition carrier will have 5 seconds to evacuate the immediate area and attempt to avoid being blown to bits! However, faulty shorts are fairly rare. In the previous demolition activities there were only fifteen faulty shorts in the total batch. There is thus only a 15% chance of the carrier being blown to bits.” said CLEO.
“Little Sam should be the ignition carrier,” said Grumpy, smirking. “He is the luckiest person in this boat! If his luck holds he will blow up the rock. Otherwise, he will still get five seconds to say goodbye to all his Stuff It winnings!”
They sat in silence considering the situation.
“It's not even my Quest!” said Little Sam, having thought about the matter. “I have primed the charge at considerable personal risk. Someone else can now have a go! It's his Quest! He can light the fuse!”
He pointed at Jake.
Jake was busily scooping out the contents of a bully beef tin. He paused in mid scoop, thinking. On the one hand he might get caught by the Regent and be executed. On the other hand he might be caught by the police or the UFO soldiers and then be executed. Or, if he lit a faulty fuse he would be blown up! In all cases, as usual he faced immediate disaster.
He thought rapidly before settling on another solution.
“I suggest we wait for FIDO,” he said. “He can go down, blow up the rock and then he can fly CLEO and myself to England for our train spotting trip.”
“Brilliant!” said Grumpy. “As usual, Jake does not intend to risk his own person! He wants to risk poor old FIDO. A robot who has done nothing wrong but has only acted with incredible bravery! But when will Jake show bravery? When will he take a risk?”
He made a face indicating that he thought the answer to his own question was never. It appeared that in order to demonstrate bravery Jake would have to undertake this obviously hazardous task.
He sat with his face screwed up in a total funk.
To divert attention from himself he started eating.
Then, Alaric came to the rescue.
“I certainly do not think we should risk the Royal Personage of Prince Jake on such a hazardous venture as blowing up a rock,” said Alaric. “As equerry I will carry out this task! With your permission, Sire?”
Jake sat with his mouth full, thinking. All his troubles had started when Alaric arrived. If the elf got blown up would it be so bad? On the other hand, the elf seemed to be a polite and helpful fellow. He was even prepared to risk his own life rather than put Jake’s life into danger. “Well..” said Jake, meaning to add: “I think we should wait for FIDO.” Before he could complete the sentence, Alaric jumped onto the submarine which was still moored to the prow of the army boat. The elf disappeared and a few moments later the submarine vanished in a flurry of bubbles.
The elf had been in such a hurry that he had left his back pack on the Jakech.
Jake and the dwarves sat looking at each other.
“He may be strange but he is brave,” said Grumpy. “I would not fancy going out there in a funny suit, sticking a banger in a rock and then counting down.”
“Counting down?” said Stumpy. “You can't even count up never mind down. In any case, elves are lucky, just like some dwarves who are always lucky!”
He glowered at Little Sam who smirked in response.
Stumpy continued. “We will see him when he returns. Then we will hear the explosion.”
However, the submarine did not reappear. After about 20 minutes had passed a booming explosion in the lake announced that the XTX had been successfully detonated. The explosion was followed by a series of waves which rocked their boat in its anchorage.
After what seemed to be hours of waiting Stumpy voiced the obvious thought.
“Alaric has blown himself to bits!” said Stumpy solemnly. He added: “We must hold a ceremony in his memory. Tradition states we must auction the contents of his backpack.”
He indicated Alaric's backpack.
“A traditional auction is not called for because the contents of Lord Alaric's backpack are not his personal property,” said CLEO. “They are the property of the Expedition. In any case, Alaric is not dead. The submarine has moved. Elf Lord Alaric is on board. It is under his command.”
“Of course! Superstar Alaric has survived a massive explosion and is now cruising around the lake for unknown reasons,” said Stumpy sarcastically. “Naturally, computer CLEO has it all worked out! The obvious explanation that the elf has blown himself up is not correct! No! It cannot be correct! Because CLEO says that the sub will reappear and we will all hear a rational explanation!”
“Exactly!” said CLEO. “Here is Lord Alaric now!”
On this cue, the submarine suddenly surfaced in its usual berth at the prow of the army boat. After a few minutes, the conning tower opened and Alaric appeared. He was now much more like his usual merry self. He almost danced down the steel deck before jumping back into the army boat. He sat down next to Jake and immediately reported: “I have found the entrance to the Gateway!”
“We all know that!” said Stumpy. “It was underneath that rock. But why have you taken so long?”
“The entrance is not underneath the rock! There is nothing underneath the rock except for more rock. It was my intention to return to this dock once I had set the explosive in position and lit the fuse. Fortunately it was not a faulty short! But in the somewhat overwhelming pressure of my situation, with the fuse hissing away next to the submarine, I used the wrong command! From the three words Pergando, Vircanto, Slantino and Jakovis I chose Vircanto! The hatch closed and the sub immediately began moving around the mountain! As the sub approached what appeared to be a sheer rock wall, a section of rock suddenly slid open to reveal a water filled cave! The submarine entered the cave and then docked itself inside the underwater cavern. I put my breathing apparatus on. I swam out and took a look around the cave,” said Alaric. “While I was in there I heard a distant explosion as the XTX went off. Then I found a lever hidden behind a rock in a wall. There was a sign above the lever. Slish conta arento majestino! It is Very Old Elvish which reads Beware! Should only be operated by Royalty! I returned to the sub and left the cave. The rock wall closed behind me. The sub returned to the top of the underwater mountain. I could see that the large rock has been blown off but it has not revealed any point of entry. There is only solid rock Jakeeath it. The Gateway must be entered from the inside of that cave. The entrance to the Gateway can only be entered if a royal person operates the red lever.”
“What happens if a non royal operates touches the red lever?” asked Jake.
“Possibly instant execution?” said Alaric. “However, my Prince, I did not, of course touch the red lever. I left it for you to operate!”
Jake: “Me? But I am not a royal parson (person.) My only royal bits are my ears which have been….”
“Surgically exchanged for my previous ears,” the three dwarves intoned together.
They had all heard the story of Jake's kidnap many times. “Exactly!” said Jake. “Surgically exchanged! If I attempt to operate the red lever I will be blown up! What a dreadful end for a simple train spotter! And I only have one namer!”
“But surely the red knob would hesitate to blow you up because of your Royal ears,” said Little Sam. “Possibly it will let you in courtesy of your ears!”
“But can I take such a gamble?” cried Jake. “Will my royal ears be enough to save my conman (common) body?”
“The alternative will be to wait for the return of robot FIDO,” said CLEO. “After all, he is expendable! He can attempt to open the doorway. FIDO is not royal. He will be blown to bits. But if FIDO is blown to bits.”
“The plane will not have a pilot!” said Jake. “And I will never get to Scotland. My life will have been spent in vain! At the moment, I have copped only one lost LNER namer!”
He sat wringing his hands miserably.
“On the other hand,” said CLEO, “If you can operate the lever and open the Gateway we can all return to E Base! There are some definite Benefits. You can have at least one good meal! And then you will have to stand trial again. When you are found guilty we must, of course, open a new jail and put you inside. However, in the interim you can go train spotting since you can apply for a stay of execution! You can then apply for a retrial based on something like new evidence that was not heard by the court. You do not actually need any new evidence! You can say that new evidence has been withheld for reasons of national security! You can also claim the judge was biased because he did not like you! You can demand a panel of judges to consider the matter properly. Two key appeals like that will definitely guarantee a new trial with a new panel of judges. It will take time to find several judges. In addition you can claim that it will take some time for you to fully assemble your new evidence. You will be on parole while you wait a new trial. Your parole will be very extended. While on parole you can get back to Earth and cop the lot! I will come with you as part of the parole provisions! Once we have copped the lot you can go back for your retrial. You will again be found guilty but while in jail you can get your memoirs sorted out. Book sales should be excellent. You will be the first convicted prisoner to cop the lot!”
Jake sat pondering. He was undecided.
The red knob might blow him up. Why be a hero?
He spoke too himself.
“But a good meal would be entranciating.”
“Entrancing is the correct word,” said CLEO. “Your spelling has not improved at all.”
Well, there was the best of all reasons for taking a chance! Once they got to E Base he could dump CLEO at an alien computer shop. He could demand a complete rebuild and specify that they must use parts which will only be manufactured in 200 years time!
“Your Royal Highness, it comes down to how much do you want to go train spotting”? said Alaric. “I am certain you are Prince Jake! I am certain that you can operate the knob. If you get blown up I will also get blown up as well!”
“What incredible loyalty!” said Grumpy. “Or to be accurate, what total elvish stupidity!”
Jake sat thinking. How much did he want to go train spotting? Answer: very, very much! Could he live with the knowledge that he might have been the World Number One, the Spotting Immortal? And he might still claim the title! If only he had the guts to put his hand on a knob and open a Gateway. He suddenly became angry. “Let's get down there and open it!” he snarled. “You dwarves stay up here and play Stuff It. Alaric and myself will go down.”
He picked up his pack and slung it over his shoulder. Alaric collected his own pack and they both stepped onto the deck of the submarine and climbed down the conning tower. A few moments later the submarine sank from view, leaving only a slight ripple as it vanished below the surface.

Jake X continues in One Way Ticket

Peter Magycon, Melbourne
peterberr@optusnet.com.au

