



KINGS and CLANS Series 
This book may be read as a stand-alone novel, or as a sequel to the novel, KINGS and CLANS of the Midwest, also by Den Warren.
KINGS and CLANS of the Midwest is set in the near future.  The US dollar becomes worthless and the economy collapses.  Society breaks down and characters try to survive when resources are diminishing and hostility is increasing.  Don't you hate it when half of the storyline is laid out in the synopsis?  Your enjoyment of reading the novel will not be spoiled here.
Ayanna, and Kings and Clans of the Midwest are available in paperback.

All Characters in this book are fictional, any likenesses are coincidental.





 




KINGS and CLANS Series
AYANNA

Copyright 2015 by Den Warren
Smashwords Edition


https://denwarren.wordpress.com/




Smashwords Edition, License Notes Thank you for downloading this ebook.  This book remains the copyrighted property of Den Warren, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes.  If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer.  Thank you for your support.


 

Chapter 1
Crawfordton, Ohio
November
It was like Angela and Ayanna were two completely different little girls.  
Angela was taught by her adopted parents to be considerate of others, to always tell the truth, and to love Jesus, her Savior.   Now she was surrounded by kind and selfless people. If Angela would not have had those caring folks, especially Amy and Phil, in her life, she could not have lasted a day on her own.  Even though Angela had such good examples for caretakers, Angela was filled with latent anger and hostility. Her aggression was beyond mere moodiness.  Her enmity with the world was not just some occasional irritability, but an abnormal opposition to everything and  everyone. 
Ayanna was dark, brooding, and silent.  Ayanna had been exposed to the worst kinds of evil imaginable.   Ayanna did not participate directly the murderous actions of her clan.  She saw and did things that no child, or even an adult should ever have seen or done.  Now with her new family, she was surrounded by people who she sometimes blamed for killing her parents.  She was not completely sure if they would yet kill her because of her past.  
Other children in the neighborhood called Ayanna the "Zombie Princess".  The verbal torments were  frequent reminders of the hostility others in the Community had for her.   Ayanna had grown up confused by what was right and wrong.   She wanted to be a good girl, but saw no examples of any good little girls to follow. 
Angela and Ayanna were names given to the same confused little girl.   She was born Ayanna.  Everyone who knew her as Ayanna was dead, except for Phil.  She told Phil that her real name was "Ayanna" in confidence.  Ayanna felt a bond with Phil unlike anyone else.  Phil was old enough to be her grandfather.  Phil saw Ayanna as a top priority in his eyes.   He was the only one who would give her the unvarnished truth.   Ayanna was always trying to parse what the real meaning was behind what was being told to her by cryptic adults.  After all, Angela had lived seven hard years with the last couple being horrific.  Angela wasn't a baby anymore and sought after some straight talk.
Ayanna was dubbed "Angela" only because she refused to speak to her new caretakers, and they had no clue what her given name was.  Ayanna was rescued by the man who they called "Angel" because of his spiritual nature.  So Amy, Phil's wife, named her Angela.    If it wasn't for Angel, she would be dead, but if it wasn't for his military involvement against her parents' clan, they would be alive.
Angel was the leader of the Crawfordton Guard Platoon who wiped out Angela-Ayanna's cannibalistic clan.  But he refused to let anything happen to her, while his men wanted her left to fend for herself.
The residents of the house where she now lived were all seated at the dinner table  in the darkened room.  There had been no electric power for a couple of years and the windows were boarded up with scavenged constituent bits of shanties leftover from the Battle.
"Angela," Phil said at the dinner table.  "You with us here?"
She nodded her head yes.  She always  sat next to Phil at the large dining room table, and he wouldn't have it any other way.
Angela only recently started speaking to certain people.  Then it was only in single words or sentence fragments.  Phil was the exception.  She would converse with Phil.
There was not much to eat after two years of total collapse of the US economy that included all out selfishness and violence.  But Phil would praise God for anything they had to eat every single day.  Today dinner was some soup made by Amy with some squirrel broth.  The soup du jour had some sliced up turnips in it along with a couple of carrots.  Some green onions and garlic were added for more taste.
Angela-Ayanna had lived at the Crawford house for about a year.  
Phil and Amy Crawford had adult children of their own, but they were unable to have any contact with them since the United States fell apart, including all of the transportation and communication infrastructure.  Now Amy and Phil lived in the town of Crawfordton, which had sprung up around Phil Crawford, because of his masterful leadership during the onset of the crisis.  So the town was named "Crawfordton" after him.
Although Phil was not liked by many, he had the know-how and the drive to help everyone around him do their best to survive.   A relatively stable micro-economy had sprung up around Phil and his friends who lived in the House.  Soon their rural housing development, turned into a settlement for many displaced people, and many moved in and the result was the growing shanty town of Crawfordton.
Crawfordton  was part of the Ohio Confederation.  The Confederation was an irregular-shaped area about a third of the size of the original US State of Ohio.  The Confederation was part of the large Continental Army Alliance.  The Continental Army had been at war with the Homeland Security-UN Axis.  The conflict had presently cooled off for a respite.  But the unresolved festering tension behind the war had not been resolved in the least.
Crawfordtonians tried to normalize their lives as much as possible.  They tried to seize every opportunity to improve all aspects of their lives.
 With Phil's help, Amy ran the local public school.  They tried to individualize the curriculum to each student.  Angela was on a super fast-track of learning, with Phil as her mentor.  If a subject was important to Phil,  Angela thought, then it must be worthwhile to learn.
Angela knew a lot about politics and military science for a seven year-old.  Much of her awareness of these topics were because the Crawford's House was the Constabulary of Crawfordton.  There was plenty of interesting talk to be overheard on a nearly daily basis.  Amy always tried to get Angela to play with boring dolls, instead of her plastic soldiers.  Since Angela rarely spoke, she had been overlooked by military officers preoccupied with their sensitive discussions as a security risk. 
Instead of being a kid, Phil would feed Angela stories about how the real world worked.  She loved it because it was all secret between her and Phil.  Amy would have had constant fits if she knew the diverse and distasteful adult-world topics Phil was telling Angela.
Angela returned to slurping on her soup.  Phil gave her the "I know your real name is Ayanna" wink.   She loved it every time, since it was a secret only Phil and her knew.  And Angela was  comforted knowing that her wishes of confidentiality were being observed by Phil.
Jayden Phipps, the Constable and leader of the local Guard and his wife also Ella lived at the House.  They were okay people, Angela thought.  Angela didn't say too much to them, and that was how they treated her.
Logan "Angel" Howard also lived in the house.  He liked wearing his do-rag.  After Amy committed to taking care of Angela, Angel no longer wanted the responsibility and became pretty much hands off with Angela's care.
Wesley Crawford also lived at the house.  Wesley was Phil's nephew.  He was in his late 30s, so like most all of the other men, had a full beard and long hair.  Wesley was at the scene when Angela was brought back from the woods.  Wesley was totally against Angel bringing her back, and particularly against her living in the house.  There was no way Angela was going to forget that one.   She despised Wesley and saw him as an enemy.
Angela sneered at Wesley, who was slurping his soup and stopped to munch on the root vegetables.  Wesley had that gross hand on his spoon that had the finger shot off.  Too bad it wasn't his whole head.  Wesley didn't see Angela glaring at him with daggers coming out of her eyes.
"Angela," Amy said. Trying to disrupt her obviously hateful mood.  "You get enough to eat?"
She shrugged her shoulders.  There was not much point since they didn't have much food anyways.
Amy picked up the soup pan.  There was a little bit left in it.
Amy said, "Here Phil, pour the rest into her bowl there."
Angela didn't refuse it, but never asked for it so she stubbornly thought she did not owe anyone a "thank you".
As Constable, Colonel Jayden Phipps was the de facto leader of the burg.  He looked at Phil with a smile.  "The Ohio Confederation is sending two more platoons to the fort."
"Nice," Phil said.
The Confederation had finally finished building the heavy fortress on the north side of Crawfordton.  The wall of the Fort enclosed a huge area, about half the area of a football field.
Jayden added, "The Fort construction crew came over here to the House, they secured the garage so it didn't collapse when they pulled out the wrecked armored vehicles.  Then they took those big steel boxes and incorporated them into the Fort design.  That damn thing is one thick skinned son of a. . ."
"Jayden," Amy said.  "I'm out of soup." 
"Thank you," he said, reminding himself that Amy wanted to keep the vernacular clean.
Ella chuckled.  They all got a chuckle.
Wesley said, "I'd like to see those Gofinns mess with us now!"  "Gofinns" was the slang name given to the fascist Goldfinch Coalition, who were founded upon killing and stealing.  "If they try anything, they'll be wiped out."  
Angela sneered at Wesley again and said, "You're stupid!"
Wesley quickly looked at Angela in surprise.
"Angela!" Amy said.  Amy hated to stop her from speaking because it was so rare of an occurrence.  "Why did you say that?  Say something nice."
Angela looked at Amy.  Angela said, "Now the Axis bastards will just send a bigger army here."
"Phil!" Amy said, looking at him.
"What?!"  Phil looked surprised, "I didn't tell her that."
Amy huffed.  "Maybe not, but you are the cause of it!  What little girl talks like that?"
No one chuckled this time.
Phil stopped slurping and stared as if he was looking into his soup for a sign.  The others realized that Phil had taken the substance of Angela's words seriously.
Amy was still going on about the rough language.  "This poor child will never have a chance to live like a normal little girl.  What if she talks like that at school, or outside?  Phil, you've got to stop it."
Phil said, "God help us if she is right."

 


Chapter 2
Sidney, Ohio 

It was early morning.  Elijah had just came out of an abandoned car he slept in, that was left in the middle of the southbound side of Interstate-75.  Elijah walked southbound down a four-lane highway that once was a continual river of car and truck traffic, flowing in unison like a massive moving parking lot.  
Those days were gone.  Now the freeway was quiet.  There was no traffic, because the gas had long ago ran out.  Even if there were some gas, the road was blocked with thousands of abandoned vehicles.  By now most were inoperable.  If the vehicles were not burned out, then there was typically a hole punched in the bottom of the drained out gas tank.  There was a period of time when gas became completely unavailable, that people would kill to get just to get a gallon.
Looking back on those extremely violent days, what did it gain the killers?  Those who they killed, often innocent, died a horrible violent death.  Meanwhile, the killers were able to live a little while longer.  Their ill-gotten gain was probably soon squandered just to make their murderous life a little less problematic for a short while.
Marauders were still out there.  Everywhere; and Elijah knew it.  Thieves and killers were always watching.  That is all they had to do with their time.  Look for someone to kill, rob, and perhaps, to eat.
Surveying the road up ahead, Elijah pondered whether to continue on, or hide out until nightfall.  The road was elevated compared to the built-up city on both sides of the road.  He would be clearly visible on both sides of the road.  If he chose to walk on the far side of the road, he may only be visible on that side.
Elijah knew how it would be if he hid out.  He had done it before.  He would lay around all day tormented by boredom and hunger.   He knew that if he chose to lay under a car or in a culvert then he would be arguing with himself all day which was worse; boredom, or death. 
Elijah had provisions in his backpack that his friend, "Angel" had prepared for him, but the pack was intentionally packed light.  The load  was heavy enough with all of the extra water he packed.   The quantity of provisions were at best only good for a one-way trip down to Cincinnati, which was the goal.
Back when all of the trouble really started to get serious, Elijah and his wife, Aliyah, wanted to leave Detroit, and go to Cincinnati.  In fact, Cincinnati was going to be their retirement destination all along, even before the trouble.  They wanted to go there, because Cincy was where their daughter, Rene, and her husband Matt lived.  If only they had left for Cincinnati a day sooner, because they never made it.  
The Dollar became worthless and the wheels totally fell off of the economy.  The complex economic system started to unravel, with no one left on the payroll to fix it.  People started running out of gas.  They abandoned their cars in the middle of the busiest highways because they had to.  So more cars were blocked on the road with no way out.
The cities became enveloped in violence.  People who lived under the notion that they were to be taken care of by government felt as if they "deserved"  food, a comfortable home, and all creature comforts, on the basis that they simply didn't have any of it.  These needs were seen as an entitlement that would be vigorously pursued, even if they had to use violence to take from all of the other have-nots.  The days of depending upon government were over.
So they Elijah and Aliyah, along with their friend, Henry, were running out of gas back then and had to stop somewhere, they wound up in a little place called Crawfordton.  It was supposed to be a one night emergency visit, but the night turned into a sojourn, which turned into a permanent residence.
Then Elijah, Aliyah, and Henry got caught up in various armed conflicts and war.  The wars started out as a million tribes in the US who were killing each other just for the chance to try to survive on things not being made any more.  Now many of the clans were consolidating into larger, but still weak and untrustworthy factions.  
Most Americans had perished in all of the violence before they had a chance to starve to death.  Those who remained were those who were either of a strong breed, or exceedingly evil, willing to violate any taboo.
The most intolerable thing to Elijah was that Aliyah was still there, back in Crawfordton.  Elijah knew that everyone thought his journey south to Cincinnati was pure folly.  In his head he could not mentally argue with them.  His heart, his love for his daughter, said "go on".
If they could have just travelled a couple of more hours in the car. . .  
Elijah noticed a man up ahead walking on the road.  The man clearly had seen him.  The guy was wearing a coat and. . . some kind scarf on his face.  Was this some guy a lone bandit?  Elijah reasoned that bandits did not need to hide their identity since there was not much in the way of law enforcement for any bandit to worry about.  
The guy up ahead was also carrying a rifle.  But being armed only made him normal.  Elijah could see the guy in the distance, and realized that when he compared the man's position to an abandoned car along the road, they were walking in the same direction, at roughly the same speed.
Maybe if there was trouble up ahead, the scarf guy would run into it first.  So maybe it would be good to keep a fair distance, to stay away from predators, or perhaps even the scarf guy.
This tactic continued for what seemed like a couple of hours.  They were both walking at about the same pace.  The road was warming up in the sun and felt good on the old, tired feet.  But each step forward was another one that would have to be taken to get back.
There was a cluster of cars up ahead in the middle of the road.  Scarf guy was just walking in among them.  It would take five minutes or so for Elijah to progress to that point.
Elijah thought of the reports he had gotten from the area directly south long before he left on the journey.  The stories were sobering.  It seemed the chances of Rene and Matt being alive was fairly remote.  Was he throwing his life aw. . .
"You lookin' for me mister!?"  It was scarf guy pointing a gun at Elijah's face.
Elijah froze in place and tried to catch his breath.  "Not really."
"Well, it seems like you've been following me pretty close for the longest time."
"We're just going the same way, friend."
"How do I know you're a friend?"
"How else would you expect me to talk, given the gun and all."
"At least you are honest about that."
"C'mon man, you aren't carrying anything.  You're not much of a target to rob.  On the other hand, you do look like a robber to me."
"If I was a robber, you'd be robbed."
"So, you're not a robber?"
The man moved closer.
"Easy now," Elijah said.
"Shut up and keep your hands up!"  He moved even closer, wary of Elijah having a weapon.
Elijah didn't warn him again.  But Elijah didn't grab his own pistol, which was holstered on a belt under his long coat.  Instead he grabbed the stranger's rifle.
They both tried to seize control of the rifle.  Both of the men had both hands on it.  Elijah was driven backwards into one of the cars with a slam.  Items in his back pack dug into his back.  Both men refused to let go of the rifle.   Elijah gathered himself.  He was pinned up against the car. 
"Let go. . . of. . . it!"  the stranger commanded.
Elijah had no leverage to push back.   But when he looked into the eyes of his adversary, he saw no real fight in him.  Elijah relied upon his hand-to-hand combat training as a Iraq War veteran and a Detroit Police  officer to out maneuver his much younger assailant.   He pulled the rifle down with one hand and up with the other, spinning the rifle so the stranger crossed his arms and had to let go.
This move caused Elijah to turn his body, and his hip was exposed to his foe, and his coat opened.  As the man let go of the rifle, he easily reached down and pulled the pistol out of Elijah's holster.  The stranger then pointed the pistol back at Elijah. 
Elijah quickly pointed the rifle back  at the long haired panting man.  Elijah realized that his trusty method of taking the gun should have been done in the opposite direction so his pistol would have been out of his opponent's reach.  Elijah said, "We aren't making much progress here."
"Au Contraire.  That rifle is empty."
Elijah pointed the rifle to the ground.  Click.  "So, you couldn't have shot me anyway, but now you have the gun and you still didn't shoot me."  Elijah put the empty .22 rifle down and started walking down the road away from the man.  "Okay, we're good."

"What?!  Hey!. . .No!  You better stop!  I'm the one with the gun!  Hey!  I said get back here!"  He tried to keep up with Elijah.
"I want that back, by the way,"  Elijah said.
 "No!  It's mine now!"
Elijah said, "You should go get your rifle."
The man scrambled back to get the rifle, while trying to point the pistol at Elijah.
Elijah asked, "Are you weird or something?  That scarf is nasty looking."  The white scarf had dried blood all over it.
"No, it's not a scarf.  It's a bandage."
Elijah stopped and took a good look at it.  "Sorry.  It's not very well wrapped for a bandage.  Let me fix it."
"No!  Keep back!"
"Have it your way."  Elijah was not sure how much effort to invest in this stranger.  "Where you headed?"
"I gotta go to Kentucky."
A short while later, Elijah asked, "So what's your name?"
"Does it really matter?"
"That's a weird name."
"Jason."
"I'm Elijah Williams."
They walked several more minutes in silence.  The interstate took them through the industrial part of Sidney, now all abandoned.
Elijah said, "Maybe once we get out of this section, we could go get some road salad."
"That's all I ever eat.  I'm surprised I'm not green now, on top of everything else."
"You mean your neck?"
"Yea."
"What is it?"
"I have no idea."
"I bet my wife would know.  She's a doctor."
"Really?  Where is she?"
"Well you'd have to go back the other way about twenty miles."
"Maybe I should.  This thing on my neck might kill me.  But I'm trying to get to Kentucky."
"Family?"
"Yea."
"Well, Jason, you can go north and see the doctor and then convalesce, then walk back, maybe healthy.  Or, you can keep going south and would be at least forty miles further south and still have who knows how far to go."
"You got me thinkin'."  Jason kept walking southward.  "Your wife got the medicine to heal me up if she does know what it is?"
"Not likely."
"Well then."
So they kept walking.  They reached the southern side of Sidney's former industrial area.
"Over there looks like a good place to forage," Jason said.
"Okay."
The men were able to find some greens worthy of consumption.  This time of year any vegetation found that was leftover from summer was bitter, but tolerating some of the bitterness was something that could be gotten used to.
Jason said, "I'm tired."  An abandoned luxury car along the road provided an inviting place to bed down for a nap.   He got into the back seat.
"Mind if I join you?" Elijah asked.
"It's a free. . .State," Jason said.
Elijah figured out how to recline the passenger seat in front and sat down.
 




Chapter 3
Crawfordton
At the school, Amy was busy working with the twenty-two students in the class.  Even though the schooling was provided for free, most people did not send their children because they wanted them to work on the farms.   There were a couple of other such functioning schools outside of town.
Phil was not being the kind of help at school that Amy expected.  Phil told Amy that he was busy working with Angela on her Chinese literature, which Amy found impressive, but said Angela should do some Bible reading.  Angela was keen on studying the easy to understand, Sun Tzu's Art of War, and enjoyed the discussions with Phil that accompanied it.
After school, Phil went with Jayden up to the fortress on Dan's Hill.  He took Angela along.
The Chief Construction Engineer stopped by.  "What do you think, Phil?"
"What's not to like?"  Phil said.
"Yep," the engineer said, "This will be quite a tribute to Colonel Wicox."
"Wilcox?" Phil asked.  He had been at odds with Wilcox in the past.  "You know, I find it quite strange that Wilcox. . ."
Jayden interrupted, "We are all sorry about Wilcox being killed in action up north.  It was no surprise to us that he acted with gallantry."
"Umm. . .no surprise at all.  Our hats are off to him," Phil said, unaware of his demise.  Phil wanted to change the subject.  "So. . . the garrison is coming here pretty soon?"
"Officially, I don't know, but I suspect any day now."
Jayden said, "Let's go inside and take a look."
Angela was trying to pull Phil aside.  He leaned toward her.
"What's a garrison?"
"I'll tell ya later."  Phil wanted to have adequate time for their usual in-depth discussion on military topics.
 
Ethan Mentzer and his Scouts came riding into Crawfordton.  The five horses drew the attention of the townspeople.  Ethan, the Viking-Cowboy was a tall blonde with an angular build and face.   He was dressed like a mountain man, but wore a Hollywood version of a cowboy hat.  
Unlike his previous visits, he now had the female warrior, Jackie with him on the beautiful chestnut colored ride.   
Jackie had softened her appearance from the tri-Mohawk hairdo she sported at the Battle of Crawfordton.  Her hair was growing out.  Like the other Scouts, she was wrapped up in heavy clothes for the weather.
Ella saw Ethan and his rider out of what was left of one of the front windows. Most of the windows were shot out during the Battle.  "Amy! Come here!  Look who's back!"
Amy joined her at the window.  "Ooooh."
Ella said, "That chick sure knows how to get the hot guys."
Amy said, "It's not that tough.  Back in the day, Phil was a pretty big catch."
Ella looked at Amy and wondered how accurate her version of history was.
The other riders had the look of people who were not to be trifled with.  The entire Troop was well armed and well supplied, Mentzer's  Scouts were one of the keys to victory in the Battle of Crawfordton.
Jayden contorted himself around the women to get a look out the window.  He finally got a peek at who the women were looking at and rolled his eyes.  "I hate it when he comes here.  He always wants something."  He looked at the women and shook his head.
A couple of Guard sentries met the Scouts.  All the members of the Crawfordton Guard were too young, or too old to do their mandatory service with the Ohio Coalition.  The Guard was a force that had shrunken down to about 50 members after the Battle of Crawfordton.
Jayden went out the front door to greet the scouts.  "Ethan."
"Colonel,"  Ethan said, with a salute.
"Give me a full report."
"Sir, the Shanesville Raiders are requesting assistance in dealing with a band of marauders.  The marauders have no known heavy weapons in particular.  In fact, some of them are armed with medieval weapons."
"Really?"  Jayden said.  "You mean like, archers and spearmen?"
"Affirmative.  Some of these groups are running out of ammunition."
Jayden thought that if they waited a couple of weeks, maybe the Fort Wilcox Garrison could help Mentzer.  This problem sounded more like a nuisance than a perilous operation.  Jayden turned to one of the teenaged sentries.  "Private, go over to Captain Miller's house with my instructions for him to gather two platoons to go to Shanesville."
"Sir!"
Jayden turned to the other private.  "Toll the rally bell."
"Yessir."


 

Chapter 4
Interstate 75 - Near Piqua, Ohio
The two men had been travelling together on foot for about three days.  The wind was cold, but Jason was still sweating.  His skin had a sickly paleness to it.
"I'm tired," Jason said. "I gotta stop."
"There's a pickup truck up there ahead.  You can rest up there."
They got about half way to the truck and Jason collapsed on the road, face first.
"Damn!"  Elijah ran to help him.  He took his pistol back from Jason and slung Jason's rifle over his shoulder.  Elijah walked with Jason until they got next to the pickup truck.  
"Oh hell no!"  Elijah looked into the truck and saw that the previous owner had committed suicide with a bullet to the head.  He thought about scavenging the truck for a pistol and some ammo, but the chances of success were small and he wanted no part of opening the door.  That would be too much multi-tasking.  "C'mon.  That truck is too small.  We can make it down the hill to that car over there on the northbound lane."
They crossed the median.  It was becoming increasingly difficult for Elijah to help Jason.  Jason was unable to help himself much anymore.  They found a full-sized luxury car that was comfy warm inside with the solar thermal heat.  Jason's eyes were shut.  He was out of energy.  
Elijah wanted to get a look at Jason's neck.  He held up Jason's head so he could unravel the bandage.  "Dang!"  With all of the swelling, Jason really didn't have a neck.  The bulbous swollen neck had a massive lesion that was seeping. 
The infection was obviously too great for Jason's system to fight off without modern medicine.  It was only going to be a matter of a short while before the malady claimed him.  Jason wondered what he could do for his new found friend.  Reason won out over compassion.  Elijah made the conscious decision to abandon Jason.  
If only Jason would have permitted him to look at that boil earlier, maybe he could have worked on it and improved his chances.  Maybe. . .It was too late for maybe.
A small voice in his head said to leave the poor guy some water or something.  Another cynical voice said there was nothing to put any of his valuable water in.  "Dangitall." The only liquid container Elijah had was the one he was carrying.  Elijah left Jason in the car and didn't look back.  He had to avoid self torment by pondering something other than the poor soul he left behind.
Only a fraction of the journey was completed.   There was comfort in the fact that the load he was carrying was heavy.  Angel loaded him down with a heavy amount of drinking water from the well.  Angel said that water was the most valuable commodity on a trip like the one Elijah was taking.  Angel said the pack would get lighter soon enough.
Elijah couldn't help it.  He thought about the people in Kentucky who would never see Jason again.  But who knows?  Maybe they were dead too.
Elijah continued the journey.  He tried his best to put Jason's suffering out of his mind.  Over the last couple years there was no practical way to have any empathy for all those who were truly suffering.  He looked into the sky.  It was blue.  The sky was always blue behind the clouds.  Millennia ago the sky was blue.  It will still be blue tomorrow if he lived to continue his journey or not.

Captain Henry Miller chose Lt. Kowalski's Platoon-A and Lt. Murphy's Platoon-D for the expeditionary force to Shanesville.  Platoon-B, the strongest, and most autonomous, was being held in Crawfordton.  
There was no longer any Platoon-C.  It was wiped out, to the last man, at the Battle of Crawfordton, only a few months earlier.  
During the Battle there were also many civilian casualties, and irregular fighters.  After the Battle so many homes were destroyed that they left for less brown grass anywhere else.   Moving to nearby Delburg was always an option for anyone who was desperate.  In Delburg, there was free housing, but that meant living under Gofinn rule.  The local Gofinn government was tyrannical and unpredictable.    
Platoons A and D and the Company Squad soon began the ten mile hike to Shanesville.  The Shanesville Raiders were the Crawfordton Guard's best ally.  The Guardsmen were ready and willing to return the help for past favors done for them by the Raiders.
Captain Miller did not pass along information about the strange fighting capabilities of their adversary to his men.   The Guard was used to asymmetrical warfare, except they were the ones who were used to using the inferior force tactics.  Miller did not want his men to underestimate their foes.
On the positive side, it was refreshing for the men to be able to leave the confines of the Crawfordton defense perimeter.  They had spent weeks and even months at a time without seeing the outside world.
The expeditionary force took a break halfway through the hike.
Pvt. Ella Phipps, the Colonel's wife, who a short while ago was looking out the window with Amy Crawford at Ethan's scouts.  She sat down on the damp ground with her pack.  Next to her, was her best friend in platoon-A, teenager Martin Preston.
She told Preston, "Ain't you tired of doing this stuff?  Don't get me wrong, it is great for us that you are dedicated to our town, helping thin out the baddies and all, but you are going to be a seasoned veteran before you even go into your mandatory OC service."  All 20 year-olds had to go into five years of mandatory service with the Ohio Coalition Force.
Martin was staring into space.  "I don't know.  I don't really know any difference.  I could be working on a boring farm or something, but you know how it goes.  We will all end up fighting for our lives anyhow.  At least this way I can make a little money for fighting."
Ella said, "Yea, I suppose so."  Ella thought about what a geeky looking thing Martin was.  When he volunteered for the Guard, he could barely carry the Mosin-Nagant rifle they gave him.  Martin had been in several skirmishes and had seen comrades fall.  

Now after a couple of years Martin carried his captured AK-47 with confidence.  Otherwise, he was still a quiet young man, who at least on the outside seemed emotionally stable.
"Come on you lazy maggots, let's get going," Sergeant Yamakawa said to Ella and Martin.  
"Shut up Ken!"  Ella said.  Ella Phipps was almost old enough to be his mother.  The age difference made it all that much easier for her Sergeant to give her the business.  Ella could have been promoted numerous times before, but she had no interest in getting into a bunch of politics, being the Colonel's wife.  Ella was content to be the number one sniper in the Guard.  They liked to tease her that she had a "built-in bipod" on her chest for when she was prone on the ground.
The Sergeant started laughing.  "Get going Phipps."
"This pack is heavy, ass."
Yamakawa couldn't help it.  "Yea, but you've got plenty of counterweight in front to balance it out."
Private Martin worried that the highly personal sex based goofing could turn serious.  It sure wasn't the way he would run a squad if he were a Sergeant.
Ella yelled, "I'm gonna beat your skinny ass!"  She hopped up and started to chase him.  Quickness was not her best attribute.
The Sergeant hopped away and was laughing, "That's more  like it Private!"
Martin and some others started laughing at the scene.  He looked for Lt. Kowalski who was preoccupied with other soldiers.
The force began readying themselves to continue the trek.  The typical grumbling started.
Lt. Murphy saw Captain Henry Miller inspecting a ring he held in his hand.  "Oh!  Is the Captain finally getting ready to make his move?"
The Captain stood there for a couple of moments pondering his answer to the question.  "Yea.   It's time.  As soon as we get back.  Tonight, I hope."  Henry thought he better not wait any longer.  He couldn't bear the thought of Tammy being with anyone else.
"Well that's great," Murphy said.  "Life needs to go on, you know."
"Yes it does.  That's what we fight for."
 

Chapter 5
Crawfordton
Phil was listening to the hand crank-power shortwave radio.  He spent hours every day scanning the world band for news from anywhere he could get it, and trying to parse the propaganda, considering the source, to determine what was really going on.
The Continental Army controlled a far-flung piece of ground from the east all the way somewhere into the plains.
From the best he could tell,  it sounded like the Continental Army had been successful in holding the Homeland Security - United Nations Axis in check.  The Axis controlled the entire northeast.
The southeast of the US was now a mess of apocalyptic proportion.  There were no organized entities in the southeast.  No one to stop the killing.  So the killing went on for all reasons, any reason, and no reason, all the time.  Undoubtedly, some power from outside the region would wait until southlanders beat themselves down, then easily move in and take over.
With Chinese backing, the Mexican Army had encroached into the southwest, seizing most of New Mexico, Arizona, and southern California.
The Republic of Texas and the Mormon Republic were the natural allies of the Continental Army.
Many in Washington and Oregon and throughout the northwest were trying to form the nation of "Cascadia".  Many in that region were also in favor of uniting with Canada, as Alaska already had done.  A large contingent of pro-Axis people resided there as well.  Almost no one liked the status-quo.
Hawaii was an independent country, the last that Phil knew.  Whether or not it was still that way, was unknown.
Angela came in to bug Phil.  She was carrying her new favorite book, The Art of War.  As long as Angela was studying and learning, or otherwise keeping busy, she was less likely to see haunting memories of the past in her mind's eye.
"Phil," Angela said.  "Soonzoo says 'all warfare is deception'.  Deception is tricking, right?"
"Sure is."
"So is war strategy a bunch of lies?"
Phil thought for awhile, "I never thought about it like that.  But you know, God's People used deceptive war strategy in the Bible.  So I guess it's all good.  You want to win; I mean; in a war, right? "
"We always win."
"We do okay.  God lets us win.  We have to pray."
"We pray at deception?"  
"We pray they will fail, and we won't."
Angela was perplexed by the paradox.  "What if the Axis bastards pray?"
"You know you got me in trouble with that one.  Personally, I don't care, but you got Amy thinking I'm teaching you to talk like a sailor, not a little girl."
"I don't know nothing about sailing.  You aren't teaching me to be like a little girl."
"I'll give you that.  Can you hide it a little better?"
"You mean deceive?"
"There's a difference between lying and telling all kinds of truth that people don't like to hear.  You used to be pretty good at it.  Now you have a knack for saying the worst. . . stuff."
"Is it still okay if I ask you anything I want?"
"You know you can, but don't get me into trouble."
"Did you ever see that Ella has big boobs?"
"What?!  Uh. . .yea, how can you not?"  
"Boys look at them, don't they?"
"Yea. . .so?"
"Why do you boys like them?"
Phil wanted to send her to Amy but Amy would only shut down the conversation anyway.  "God made. . .boys so they want to do that."
"So God wants boys to stare at boobs?"
  Is all that talk in that book you got there?"   Phil wanted desperately to change the subject.  
"No.  I thought you read it already."
"You better NOT bring up anyone's boobs at the dinner table.  I swear. . ."
"Do you think I will be pretty?"
Phil was surprised once again by the turn in the conversation.  "Child.  You are beautiful now.  Don't waste any time thinking about something like that.  Even if you turn out to be as homely as a toad, some crazy boy, or a bunch of them, will want you for a wife anyhow.  I can guarantee that much."
"Toads aren't that homely.  Boys always talk mean to me."
Phil sighed, resigning that he could never win with her.  He knew that Angela's past carried a stigma among the townspeople.  Little boys were no doubt saying vile things to Angela's face that they had heard coming out of their own parent's mouths.  "Little one, you gotta put up with their crap as much as you can, then a little more, but don't get over reactive when the time comes to put a stop to it."
"I won't.  I will do what Soonzoo would."
That comment sent Phil's eyelids fluttering.  He was trying to mentally cross-reference what was in Art of War with Angela's unpredictable little mind.

Elijah was at the Troy, Ohio exit on I-75.  He was getting tired.  Real tired, and never ate very well.  Would he wear himself down and end up being afflicted with something like Jason did?  Getting a boil from hell on his neck like his friend Jason?  Then he wondered how much it really mattered.
He saw a guy on a bicycle coming his way on the northbound lane at a good clip.  Travelers on the highway kept to their traditional right-hand lane to help keep their distance from other travelers.  
As the bike rider got closer, Elijah could see that the guy was wearing a red ball cap.  He had a large pouch.  He was a mailman.  
Elijah never heard back from the letter he sent to Rene and Matt.  That must have been months ago.  It was close to a certainty that they were not in Cincinnati any more.  Was this trip even worth it?
That red hat meant you better not screw around with that guy, or a relentless Postal Inspector would make sure you regretted it.  The Postal Union Inspectors were starting to get the distinct reputation of being extremely tough.  Maybe with brave and dedicated people like them, civilization had a chance.  Or maybe it was all futility, doomed to perpetual zombie bandenkrieg.
It seemed like most people had never learned to get out of their normalcy bias, even after all that had happened.  People went on  thinking the collapse of the US would never happen no matter what,  because it had never happened like that.  Now it seemed like people would never accept the idea that the Ohio Coalition might someday collapse because society was starting to stabilize over the past couple of years.  There were no guarantees about anything.
The road going through Troy seemed dead.  Most of the City was to the east of the road.  It was always a wonder to pass through cities.  What could be going on over there right now?  So much unspeakable horror had happened.  God only knew what depravity had taken place.  What was national news before was commonplace now.
Elijah was startled by a dog barking behind him.  He turned, and there was a pack of five feral dogs.  Dogs were returning to their natural wolf-like behaviors.  Eventually they would probably micro-evolve back into a type of wolf.  Dogs also had a difficult time finding something to eat.  A couple more of the dogs were growling, creeping closer.   
Elijah thought, the white and black one is too small.  That big one, the alpha hound looks like he would be tough.  Here we go, you there. . . look just right. . .BLAM!  . . .for dinner.
One shot was all it took to drop the mutt.  The alpha hound lunged at Elijah while the others ran away.  Elijah beat the dog in the mouth with his pistol before it could do anything to him.  Then it also ran away.   Elijah could have easily eliminated all of them, but those canines would make a nice meal for someone else.
Elijah looked around.  Didn't see anyone.  He pulled the dog off to the side and pulled out his pocket knife.  Looks like eating was going to be pretty good tonight.
 


Chapter 6
East of Shanesville, Ohio
One of the Shanesville Raiders greeted the Guards on the road to Shanesville.
The Raider saluted Captain Miller, who was recognizable to all of the Raiders .  "Sir, we think we know where the Hexmen are."
"Hexmen?"
"Yea.  I mean, yes sir.  That is the name of their clan."
"Okay.  You wouldn't happen to know why, would you?"
"They put tattoos of hexes on their faces.  You know, like a honeycomb.  It is another few miles from here.  South.  They are in a fairly large woodlot."
Captain Miller had experience with this type of scenario around a rural woodlot.   He had experience as  part of the anvil component of the hammer and anvil tactics used on a murderous cannibalistic clan.  The tactic worked flawlessly on the clan.
The walk took them down a less travelled county road.  People were coming out of their homes.  The houses were few along the road.  The few people who were seen were waving and cheering at the troops, and bringing them water and food.  Those seeking deliverance from the Hexmen knew why the troops were there and were happy to see an effort being made to rid themselves of the dreaded scourge.
Captain Miller was greeted by his friend from Shanesville, Major Tom Zimmer.  The Raiders and the Guard both observed each other's rank.  That protocol started months earlier in Delburg by Major Zimmer and Colonel Phipps. So Captain Miller saluted the Major.
"Thanks for coming, Miller," the Major said.
"Our privilege, sir."
"Here's the situation;  We think the entire Hexman Nation, or Tribe, Mob, whatever, is in that woodlot over to the northwest.  We have not tried to evacuate the woodlot.  Every time we try to move in, they use indirect fire with their archers while using firearms."
"What's so tough about that?"
"You ever try to advance out in the open against armed men who are under cover while arrows are falling down on you from the sky?"
"No sir."
"Well, the arrows are more of a terrorist weapon, but they did hit a couple of my guys and killed one of them.  Meanwhile three more were gunshot casualties.  I don't know if they are dead or not.  We can't get over there to help them, but they will be for sure.  Bastards are just leaving them there as bait."
"Oh.  Yes, I can see your casualties on the ground out there."  Henry Miller wanted to suggest sending their Raider Medic out there.  The one who he heard had eyes for Tammy.   But that wouldn't be very nice.  "Any ideas, sir?"
"None that I particularly like.  We must get these guys out of here.  They are brazen and tenacious.  They are making life hell for everyone around here."
"What about burning down the woods?"
"It's too wet, Miller."
"Our practice, that of the Guard, is that unless we have some kind of unfair advantage, we don't assault.  It's way too costly."
"So, what do we do?  Nothing?"
"Yes sir, siege warfare, sir."
"Well, I need to rescue those Raiders out there.  Evans!"
"Yes sir."  Lt. Evans said.
"Take your men to the south side of this woodlot.  I am leaving you with the fewest men.  If they come out in force get out to the east immediately.  Understood?"
"Yes, sir."
"No heroics, just get out of their way."
Zimmer said, "We've got all sides covered now.  At least if they do get away, we will know where they are.  Miller, your people have been on a long hike.  You can keep them here in reserve for now."
"Yes sir."  Henry just wanted more and more to get this over with so he could go back home and see Tammy.

That night was not a good night for Angela-Ayanna.  She tossed and turned in her bed, which consisted of a couple of folded over blankets on the floor.  There was too much idle time.  Too much time to think about. . .being out in the woods.  It was dark.  The pungent smell of rotting protein. . .bodies.  That smell was something that a person could never get used to, nor should they ever have to.
The sole function of the clan was to exist.  They did so by living off of the flesh and blood of those who they kidnapped and murdered.  They carved up their victims into portion-sized bits, then consumed them.  The inhibition to partake in the appalling behavior grew less and less over time.  In time, those who reacted negatively to cannibalism were seen as the weird ones.
Bodies sliced up, bones piled up.  But the worst thing, the most unforgettable thing was the head.
A guy's head was cracked open and people from the clan were getting in each other's way to scoop out the gray matter with their hands and shoving it into their mouths, a la tartar.  Meanwhile, the eyes of the head.  They were wide open.  They were staring right at. . .her!
Angela screamed a blood curdling scream that was bad enough to wake the dead.  The scream was not once or twice, but repeated one after another.
The dream was more real than the dark room she was in now.  It really happened.
Amy and Phil came from their bedroom to her.  Phil held her tightly to his chest, which still carried some pain from his nearly fatal gunshot wound.
"Hush Baby," Phil said.  "It's okay.  It was just a bad dream.  It's not true.  We won't let anything happen to you."
Sadly, Ayanna knew it was not a dream.  She was awake the whole time.  And it was all too true.  Her parents were evil.  She thought herself to be evil of the highest order.  

 
 

Chapter 7
South of Shanesville
"Sir!"  A lookout alerted Captain Miller. "There are some Hexmen waving a white flag!"
Captain Miller looked at the three-man party through his field glasses.  He saw one of them holding a small white flag of truce. They were not carrying any bows or rifles.  They had their hands on top of their heads.  Captain Miller found Major Zimmer.  "Sir, what do you think it means?"
"It means they don't think they can win.  Let's go greet them Miller.  They got three, so I'll take Lt. Harper along."
Miller was confused.  "What is there to talk about?"
"What, Miller?  You want to just wipe them all out?"
"Affirmative.  It would make the world a better place.  No one would ever have to worry about Hexmen again."
"They got families.  No, I'm not authorizing that."
"Yes sir.  Ready to meet and greet."
The three men approached the Hexmen who were out in the middle of a treeless field.  The Hexmen had a terrified look on their faces.  One of them said,  "We unconditionally surrender."
The three long-haired unshaven men each had a single one inch hex tattooed on their left cheek.  They wore multiple layers of clothing.
"Get down on the ground!"  Henry Miller ordered them.  "Keep your hands where we can see them!"  He had been through this  hundreds of times as a Detroit City Policeman.
The three Hexmen slowly squatted down with their hands on their heads.  They slipped their hands down the back of their necks and pulled out hand guns that were stashed in their back collars.
"Gun!"  Captain Miller Shouted as he noticed the Hexman opposite the Major was brandishing the weapon.  Zimmer and Harper were caught too flatfooted for the situation.   They were casually holding their guns, not ready for such an attack.  Miller, who was ready, fired at the assailant, but it was too late.
The Hexman opposite of Major Tom Zimmer fired three shots at the Major, hitting him twice.  The Captain's shots then hit the Hexman, who dropped.
The Hexman opposite Lt. Harper had trouble getting his gun out, and Harper unloaded three shots into him.
Before Captain Miller could get fully turned, the Hexman opposite of him shot at him  Captain Miller was hit square in the face, killing him instantly.  
Miller's treacherous killer was Lt. Harper's secondary target and Harper did not miss.  All three of the Hexmen's "surrender" party were eliminated.
Harper stood there in a daze, staring at his fallen superiors in rank.  Both of the officers were now clearly dead.  He heard a whistle from the woods.  Hexmen were pouring out of the woods toward him.
Lieutenant Murphy, back at the line saw the treachery.  "Chaaaaaaarge!  Move! Move! Move! On me!"  Guard Platoon-D were moving out to the oncoming attack.
Kowalski didn't like it.  It was not their way to be fighting on Hexman terms.  But Kowalski couldn't just leave Murphy go it alone.  Kowalski ordered privates in the Company Squad, "Get a message to the other groups!  Send them into the woods!"  Then he ordered his Platoon-A to follow Platoon-D.  "Let's go!"
Once the Guardsmen got within shooting range of the Hexmen, a couple of whistles were heard.  They turned and retreated back into the woods.
The momentum of the action carried the Guardsmen toward what was sure to be a vicious confrontation.  Kowalski couldn't bear it.  "Hit the deck!  Take Cover!"  Platoon-A was out in the open, but they made themselves as small of a target as possible.
Murphy noticed Kowalski's action and reconsidered.  "Pull back! Pull back!"  
As the platoons turned, a salvo of about thirty arrows came out of the woods, along with some gunfire.  One of the Guardsmen was hit in the back with an arrow.  He stumbled and went to the ground.  He slowly got up and was then hit by gunfire.  Two more Guardsmen were hit by gunfire and laid injured out in the field.
The rest of Platoon-D joined Platoon-A at their position.  From their vantage point, Kowalski could see that one of the Raider platoons had entered the woods unopposed, from the east.
There was gunfire happening within the woods from the Raiders, and what sounded like return fire.  This only went on for a short while, then it stopped. 
Murphy said, "Okay men, let's advance, slowly."
Kowalski gave the same orders to his men.  The platoons got closer to the woods and finally entered the woods with no opposition.  The Hexmen had evacuated.
Then sporadic gunfire was coming from the south.  The Hexmen had chosen the path of least resistance.  As ordered , the small southern contingency "got out of their way."
Murphy and Kowalski linked up with the Raiders.  The Hexmen had escaped to the south without taking many casualties.  The Raiders captured one of the Hexkids.
There was no more morale left in among the Guardsmen.  The loss of Captain Miller was too much for them to go on.   No one else was killed in action, but some of the casualties were serious. 
Ella asked Martin, "Why didn't we just shoot those worthless pukes?!  Oh my God!  This is so not right!  Why did we come here anyway?!"
Martin said, "He was just a good man.  He was doing the right thing."
"Right for who!?" Ella snapped.
Martin just shrugged his shoulders.  
"Preston!"  Sergeant Yamakawa barked.
"I'm on it."  Troops had to take turns hauling Henry Miller's remains back to Crawfordton.  He knew it was his turn.
 

Chapter 8
Elijah built a fire at night to hide the smoke, and take some of the chill out of the air.  He couldn't wait until daytime so he could camp out in a warm car.  He could only hope that tomorrow would be a sunny day.
Cooking dog on the open fire at night was not the most convenient arrangement, nor the safest.  He was able to fashion a rotisserie out of some sticks that worked fine.  "George Foreman has a grill.  Now Elijah Williams has one. "  He chuckled at his own humor.
The dog wasn't the tastiest thing to eat, but it was filling.  Elijah put some salt on some of the leftovers to extend the shelf life a bit.  There were a lot of leftovers.  It made no sense to leave anything that was edible behind.  Yet, carrying any extra weight would take more energy.
At daybreak he was back on the road.  The throbs of fatigue were setting in, but it would soon be nap time.  
"Crap!"  It was starting to rain.  It was going to be cold.  "Oh hell no!"  It was going to be icy.  It became terrible to walk on the road.  He started taking small steps to keep his balance.  Then he decided it was better to walk along side of the road, in the grass instead.
Progress was slow but steady.  He thought that if he walked for a few hours in the morning, maybe things would warm up later.
There were some people up ahead, resting under an overpass.   They didn't try to hide the fact that they were staring at him.  It was two women a guy.  Next to them were some smallish packs and they each had a canteen.  Compared to Elijah, who's resources were limited, theirs were inadequate at best.
As he got closer, Elijah could see them bundled up and huddled together shivering.  Their faces were somewhat skeletal.  
"Hi."  Elijah said.
They did not return the salutation.  The young woman stood behind the man while trying to see Elijah.
"Hey, I've got some food here,"  Elijah said, moving closer, pulling the dog's leg out of his pack.
"Stay back!"  The man said, pulling out a pistol.  
The young woman saw the food and ran toward it.
"Get back here, Terri!"  the man ordered.
Terri chomped down on the cold dog leg, tearing it up in ravenous fashion.
"Thank you," the older woman said.  She started crying.  "Thank you so much, sir."
"I've got more here, enough for everyone."
The women moved toward Elijah's helping hand.  They thanked Elijah for the meat and the man put down the pistol.
The man looked at the meat.  "That is not chicken!  Hey!  This guy is a cannibal!"
The women looked up at Elijah.  Then back at the man.
Elijah held up another dog leg.  "Okay folks.  Here is what you are eating.  You ever seen a human with a joint like that?  This is a dog, okay?"
The women went back to eating.  The older one said, "Shut up Dale.  Eat the dog."
Elijah handed Dale the other dog leg.
"Thanks. . .sorry.  Where you from mister?"
"Detroit, then Crawfordton."
"Never heard of it."
"It's kind'a new."
"Sounds to me like you are making it all up."
"Dale!  Don't be stupid!  Shut up!"
They were too busy eating to talk very much.  
The older woman said,  "Thank you, mister. . ."
"Elijah."
"I'm Pam.  This is my daughter Terri."
"Whoa!"  Elijah said,  "That's your daughter?  You are very young looking."
Dale rolled his eyes.
"Thank you mister," Pam said.  She broke a bit of a smile as she glanced at Elijah.  "I swear, you saved our lives today.  I was on my last nerve."
"You're welcome.  It was my privilege to help.  What are you folks doin' out here on this fine morning?"
"That's kind of. . . personal," Dale said.
Pam said, "Oh, were just on our way to take that one," she pointed at Dale, " to the mental ward."
"That ain't funny," Dale said.
"Seriously," Pam said, "We're going to Cincinnati to find our son.  He was off to the University of Cincinnati on a scholarship."
Elijah realized how hopeless that story sounded.  Maybe his own story sounded just as bad.  "You must really love your son."
"Yes," Pam said.  "What about you?"
"Same thing.  I'm trying to find my daughter and son in law."
Dale said, "Well, good luck to ya mister."
"Don't be rude, Dale," Pam said.  She looked at Elijah and said, "We want you to travel with us.  Don't we Dale?"
"Well. . ."  Dale looked at Pam, who was communicating with her eyes.  "Yes we do.  You should travel with us Elijah."
"That sounds good.  Hey, I got some plastic sheeting.  Never let a good rain go to waste.  Let's collect some rainwater.  Then we can warm up."
 



Chapter 9
Crawfordton
The body had already been laid to rest.  But Logan "Angel" Howard wanted to conduct a special memorial service for Captain Henry Miller.
The service took place in the usual place, Mrs. Welch's garage.  But it was called "church", not "garage", because that was who met there.  The church was an organization of people, not the name of a building.  But naturally, many started calling the garage a "church" and others scoffed at the idea of a garage being a church.
About 200 souls were present for the church service.  This was a number higher than anyone in Crawfordton had ever seen; even though the population had decreased from its high; and even though the weather was cold with some snow and rain mix.
Tammy White was in the front row.  She was especially distraught, unable to find any meaning in the event.  
Next to her was her friend and co-worker, "Doctor" Aliyah Williams.  Aliyah knew Henry for a long time.  She wondered if her husband, Elijah was dead, alone somewhere, or if something would happen to him.
Colonel Jayden Phipps and his wife, Ella were both near the front.  Colonel Phipps had always felt inadequate in his role as a military leader.  And now Henry, who was a great asset, would no longer be around to be counted on.
Everyone from the Crawford House was there, including Angela, who was on her best behavior.  She wondered if there were tactics that were not followed or a prayer that was not offered, resulting in Henry's death.  Ayanna believed that somehow, Henry's death could have been averted.
The service opened in prayer.  Thanks was given that God had sent Captain Henry Miller to their Community, and that Henry was a blessing.  The preacher gave further instances that Henry was a good man and gave of himself for others.
Angel said to the congregation, "But no one gets to God's Heaven by works!  In other words, you cannot earn your way into Heaven.  This is because no one is perfect.  People like to say that 'church people' are a bunch of hypocrites.  Well, some are.  But that should not keep anyone from becoming a Christian.  In these times it is more important than ever.  I want every person here right now to listen closely."
"I want to read to you from the Bible, from the Book of John, Chapter 3.  'Nicodemus said unto Him, How can a man be borne when he is old? can he enter the second time into his mother's womb, and be borne? '
'Jesus answered, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.
 That which is born of the flesh is flesh; and that which is born of the Spirit is spirit.
 Marvel not that I said unto thee, Ye must be born again.'"
Angel finished the scripture reading.  He paused for a moment, gathering himself.
"Ladies and Gentlemen, You must be born again!  I am happy to report to you that I know Henry Miller believed on the Lord Jesus Christ for his own Salvation.  Last year Henry made his confession through prayer, led by our beloved Brother Tim Crawford, who is now with Brother Henry Miller right now in Heaven!"
Several "A-Men's" were heard through the congregation.
Angel continued,  "Our loss is Heaven's gain!  But what about you?!  Will you accept God's free gift of Salvation?  He sent His Son Jesus to die for you on the Cross.  What will you do?  Every person who was ever created was meant to accept Jesus.  Seem too good to be true?  Satan wants you to think that.  Put that stinking thought out of your head right now.  You don't know more than God.  I am asking all of you who would like to have someone pray with you to come forward."
Several people made their way to the front of the crowd wanting to settle their spiritual accounts with God.
A prayer was offered again for thanks for Henry, that souls came to salvation, and that God protected many others.
Tammy was clearly heartbroken with Henry's passing, yet from her spiritual side, she felt deep down inexplicable joy that she was one of those who was instrumental in helping to bring Henry to the Lord.  When she thought of Henry from any of those perspectives, it led to more tears.  There is never a guarantee on anyone's future, no matter what the plans are.
 
A few days later, the widow Sophia Thomas and her two young boys came calling to the Crawford House looking for Phil.  In the past she had looked upon Phil with plenty of suspicion, and did not like the direction he was allowing her boys' education to go.

Phil stepped outside the House to greet her.  Phil knew that Sophia's husband, Noah, was killed in Delburg.  Sophia came back to their Crawfordton home just before it was going up on the public auction block.  Their House, directly across the road from the Crawford's place, was also severely damaged during the Battle of Crawfordton, but anything was better than living in the tyrannical people's republic of Delburg where her husband was murdered and she was badly beaten and raped.  If she were to return there, she and her boys would be in grave danger.
"Sophia."
"Hi Phil.  Phil. . .I just want to say, I know you don't want us to ever ask you for anything, and you say we are liberals, but. . ."  She couldn't continue.
"Yes?"  Phil was steadfastly not interested in handouts to anyone.
"My boys, Phil. . .I lost my husband to . . .I don't know. . .,"  She started crying.  
Phil had to hold her as she was practically doubling over.   Phil was afraid of what she may want.
"Phil,  will you train my boys?"
"Train them?"
"Yes.  Shooting, army stuff, growing food.  Everything.  I don't want my boys to go down without a fight."
"Yes.  Yes I will.  If they want to learn, and if they do what I say, send them over every day."
The next day Phil told of the agreed upon plan to Amy.
"Phil, I thought Sophia didn't want anything to do with that sort of thing."
"You crazy women like to change your dang minds."
"It sounds like to me that you are starting to run some kind of ROTC in our little school.  Is that really what you want?"
Phil looked stunned.  Then he realized that the notion was a perfect idea.  "Yes.  I am going to run a military academy.   Except it won't be in our school.  Oh, they can get their regular classes there, but then they will get their military schooling over at Fort Wilcox."
Amy didn't know what to say.  She knew that after his injury from the assassination attempt God had some bigger purpose for the old rascal.  Her old rascal.  
Within a couple of days the newly organized garrison for Fort Wilcox arrived.  This would change everything.  One way or the other.  Phil was a little concerned about Ayanna's conceivable "big army" scenario.
The new commander of the Garrison was Captain Mark Anderson.  Anderson walked with a serious limp and dressed sloppy, even for an apocalyptic disaster. 
Phil was not impressed; so far.  Why would the Confederation send that guy to their best Fort to garrison.  But Phil had an open mind.  "Captain,"  Phil said, "I am looking to start a military academy here.  I want to allocate an area in the Fort for that purpose."
Captain Anderson had a hacking cough.   "You mean, bring kids here?"
"Yea, future soldiers."
"No way.  No kids."
"Fine, let's not work together and see who looks like they can't get along."
"Let me tell you something gramps!  Are you threatening me?"
"How stupid are you?!  You'd look like quite the wimp when they found out an old man laid you out!"
Just then Angela came to join Phil, like usual.  She saw the red-faced roosters.  She asked the Captain, "Are you ready for the big attack yet?"
"What?!"  Anderson asked.
"You got a big fort here.  If the Axis bastards want to attack, do you think they are going to ignore this place?"
"Whaaaaat?"  Anderson asked.  He felt like he was listening to one of the Confederation Generals in a little girl's body.
"You're screwed.  We might as well start digging your damn graves right now."  Angela said, walking away shaking her head.
"Cadet!" Phil said to Angela.  "Show some respect for your Captain!"
Angela stood at attention and saluted Anderson as she had seen so many do at their house.  "Sorry Captain, for telling you things you don't want to hear." Angela held her salute.
Phil sighed.  "Including that!"
"Sorry sir."  Angela was happy that she was being treated like a real soldier.  Albeit that she was catching hell like one.
"Dismissed," Phil said.
Angela dropped her salute and turned away.
"Her eyes," Anderson said, swallowing hard. "They are like they are looking right into you.  You. . .You tell her to say all that?"
"Friend, I have no control over her at all.  Where do you want us to put our stuff?"  Phil asked.
"She talks like she's possessed by some General."
Phil said, "You mean a sixth century Chinese one?"
Captain Anderson was half listening while he stared at Angela, who was walking away.  He said, "Um. . .over there.  Put your stuff over there will be fine, for now, I guess.  The Colonel is coming in a couple of weeks and we'll see what he says about having kids in here."
The area Anderson picked out was at the back wall.  Phil thought it was probably the same place he would have chosen.  Phil left, happy over the acceptance of the Academy.  He looked for Angela. "Cadet!"
Angela turned and saluted the most casual of salutes.  "Yes sir."
"Cadet, I can't be calling you "Cadet Angela".  It just sounds bad.  What is your real last name?"
"Cadet Crawford, sir."
Phil was tired of everything being called "Crawford", but he would make an exception on this one.  He gave her a hug.  She hugged him back and they both started laughing at the scene that they had caused.

  



Chapter 10
North of Dayton, Ohio
Elijah kept thinking, with each step, he was getting closer to finding out something about Rene and Matt.  Something that he might not want to know.
First they  had to get around Dayton.  Or through it.  All Elijah could think of was the words of Trevor C. Banks, who wandered into Crawfordton from Dayton maybe a year ago.  He remembered Trevor saying, "People down there would eat the bark off of this here tree.  They would eat this here grass.  They eat road kill, and rats.  They eat each other.  They eat their own children or swap their children with somebody else to eat.  They sell human meat for water.  I don't know how Cincinnati is, Chicago is, Columbus is,  man I used to love Dayton, but I ain't gonna lie to you, Dayton is some kinda hell on this earth up in there. I thought about doing it, eatin' the dead. . . but I didn't.  I caught a damn buzzard.  I ate some glue."  Not the most encouraging of recollections.
Elijah's travel mates helped him keep up a decent pace.  Traffic on the road was nil.  Elijah thought that there was not much to feed off of in downtown Dayton.  That equation left only cannibals in the city.  Pretty much like Trevor C. Banks said.
"Dale," Elijah said, "You sure you want to take your wife and daughter down there?  It is plenty scary for us, let alone for unarmed women."
"That's what I tried to tell her!  You think she would listen?"
Pam said, "Dale, I didn't want our family to separate.  Is that so bad?"
Elijah said, "No, it's not bad."  He thought of Aliyah back in Crawfordton.  Was he a bad husband?  Was Dale a bad husband?  Maybe his thinking was becoming cloudy because of malnutrition.  He thought back over the span of the day.  He was on autopilot, plodding forward without much caloric intake.  "What about hiding the women here?"
Terri said, "No Mom!"
Pam said, "Elijah, we'd just as soon go with Dale.  He could use our help.  If we go down, I would rather go down together."
Dale said, "Me 'n Elijah got weapons.  We can make it."
Elijah said, "The hand guns don't mean nothin'.   We gotta travel at night so no one with a rifle can scope us out.  I think there are the worst kind in the City there who will  jump at the chance to shoot us.
"We're wasting time," Dale said.
Elijah said, "We got to play it smart, Dale.  It don't do no good to hurry up and get shot."
"You listen to Elijah, Dale.  He knows about this stuff."  You're just a chicken farmer.
"Chicken farmer?" Elijah asked.  "In my book, chickens are vital.  Let's go find somewhere we can get out of this wind and take a nap until nightfall.   You can tell me all about how you raise chickens.  It won't be but a couple more hours of daylight this time of year anyhow."
They went off of the highway.  After hopping a fence they came across an old building that stored an old tractor.  They were getting ready to go into the building.
Pam said, "Hey Dale!  Look.  Wild parsnips."
"Sure enough," Dale said.  "Let's dig them up.  They are good the year round."
"Nice work, Pam," Elijah said.  "I would have never, ever seen that."
"Thanks, city boy."
Elijah remembered how much he absolutely hated parsnips.  There were a lot of them growing there.  Wild ones certainly wouldn't be any better than the garden variety.
They each got their knives out and got some dug up.  Dale went and washed them in a ditch by swishing the bunch back and forth really fast.  They looked as clean as the ones from the grocery store.  At least the dirty water had to be a lot better than the chunks of dirt that were on the white root vegetables.
"Mmm. . .yummy.  These taste just like. . .kerosene carrots," Elijah said.  He found himself missing the iconic Crawfordton soybean soup.
"Yea," Dale said.  "They ain't real bad.  Wanna hear about chicken farming now, Elijah?"
"Of course," Elijah said.
"Well, we got forty thousand head.  Well, we did anyhow, but we had to take them all out of the cages."
"You took forty thousand chickens out of cages?" Elijah found this incredible, but he was too tired to think about any of it and fell asleep while Dale told him how his farm went down the tubes."
It seemed like only minutes until Dale woke Elijah up and told him it was dark out.  So they went back up on the highway and started heading south again.  It was very dark and quiet.
Dale said, "We gotta remember where we got those parsnips for on the way back."
Elijah was grateful for the meal, but was not going to commit too much of his gray matter to recalling the exact location of the nasty things.  "Okay," Elijah said, "we've got to be as quiet as possible."
It took what seemed to be over an hour from where they started to get to the downtown part of Dayton.  It was an eerie feeling, walking on the interstate in the dark among the tall buildings.  There was no lighting, but they could still make out the silhouettes of the massive buildings of downtown Dayton against the sky.  It was a feeling of smallness and vulnerability.  Yet, if it were daytime, this walk would be dangerous to the point of being foolhardy. 
"Elijah," Terri whispered.  There's another road over here.
"What?"
"Yea, look.  Which way is the exit?"  It was so dark that they could not tell which lanes were the thru lanes and which ones were the exit.  Normally, the exits were on the right, but not always.
Pam said, "We have to walk across and see which direction has the most lanes and follow it."  Typically, the exit was one or two lanes while the main path was at least four lanes.
"Good idea," Elijah said.
This extra measure took extra time, but they definitely did not want to get off of I-75.  That could mean a very long amount of extra walking and many added miles to the trip by going the wrong way.
"Listen," Dale whispered.
"Yea,"  Terri whispered.  "Sounds like shooting.  This is suckish."
Elijah said in a hushed tone, "I think we're going to be okay."
Within a couple of more hours of walking they found the correct path south on I-75 and had managed to avoid any problems.  Elijah would definitely remember to go  through Dayton only at night on the way back. 
Elijah kept thinking, It would be a very long walk back if it was bad news in Fairfield, where Rene and Matt lived. 

Chapter 11
Crawfordton
"Hey zombie!"  Zach, a kid who was about Angela's age in the neighborhood yelled at Angela in a hateful tone.  Zach had made taunting and calling Angela names a daily habit.  "You eat anybody today?"
"No," Angela said.  "Man.  I am really hungry right now though."
"What?"
"Nothing.  It's just dinner time.  I haven't had a nice piece of meat in awhile."
"So?  Why you tellin' me, zombie?!"
"You asked, didn't you?"
"You're stupid!"
"Can you do me a favor?"  Angela moved closer.
"No!  I hate you!"
She moved closer.
"Get away!"
Angela said, are you too chicken to show me your big arm muscle?"
"No stupid, why would I be?"
"I guess you must be chicken, or just don't want to show off."
"What are you talking about?"
"Well, you just seem a little wimpy for a boy."
"Shut up!  I'll show you, zombie!  I ain't afraid of nothin'!"  Zach took off his coat and rolled up his sleeve.  He raised his arm and flexed his bicep.
Angela pulled her hand out her coat pocket and produced a salt shaker.  She started shaking the salt on Zach's bicep.
"Hey! What's that supposed to do, stupid?"
Then with her other hand she pulled out an opened pocket knife.
"Hey!  No!"  Zach jerked his arm away and went running without his coat.  "Help!  Zombie!  Help!"
"Hey!"  Angela yelled.  "You forgot your. .  . brain.  'The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting'."  She stood there awhile, feeling  quite supreme, and was thinking about what creative thing to do with Zach's coat.
 The children in Crawfordton all had free schooling available to them.  Attendance was not compulsory, and many did not attend.  Beyond the free schooling, Crawfordton now had the Military Academy.  The goal of the Academy was to train children discipline, and make sure they got a top-notch education and leadership skills.  Military Strategy and Tactics was also to be taught.   Phil had a personal collection of US Army and Marine Corps manuals that served as lesson plans.
Admission to the Academy was by application only.  The first cadet was a no-brainer; Angela.  The next one was Hunter Thomas.  Phil had always thought a lot of Hunter and believed he had great potential, while others only saw an overly exuberant continually distracted little kid.
Phil promised Sophia Thomas that he would help train her boys, but he was not so sure if he would be able to do anything with Liam.  Liam seemed like he was kind of "out there", and a little too young.  Nevertheless, Phil still made him a Cadet in the Military Academy.
The only other cadet was Mike.  Cadet Mike was a quiet kid, from  Christian parents who worked nonstop.  His parents were proud that Mike would study under Phil at the Academy and considered it an honor and privilege.
One of the first things the cadets were taught was to be in uniform.  The "uniform" was just a do-rag in the fashion of Lieutenant Angel Howard, the best soldier that Phil had ever personally known.  The rule was that at all Academy functions, the do-rag was to be worn, unless the cadet was on a spy mission.
Rule number two was that the cadet had to salute any officers while in uniform, whether they be Crawfordton Guard, Ohio Confederation, or Academy Officers, which meant Phil.  Phil also wore a do-rag while at the Academy.  Phil didn't salute anyone.
One of the first things the Cadets got to do was shoot.  But they started out with a kid-sized BB (Ball Bearing) rifle.  All the firearm safety rules were safely taught to children using this barely lethal weapon.
Liam became impatient and started whining and pouting that he had to wait his turn to shoot.  Phil told him to wait his turn and he whined some more, so Phil sent him home.
Hunter said, "Mom is going to be so mad."
Phil said, "You saw what he was doing, we won't have that here."
"No Phil. . .Commandant,  Mom said we better listen, or she would make us regret it."
Sure enough, Liam came back about ten minutes later, whimpering.
Phil said, "Is there a problem, Cadet?"
"No,  Commandant."
"Get down there and start doing some pushups!  Then you can shoot the gun!  Let's go Cadet!  Next time you better listen or I'll make you clean toilets!"
Liam got a smile on his face and the other Cadets started giggling.
"Keep going Cadet!  I feel a big stinky one coming on and I need someone who doesn't listen to clean the toilet!  Is that you, Cadet?"
"No Commandant."
"Louder!  Don't stop!"
"No Commandant!"
Hey!  These other Cadets had some stinky food while you were gone kissing your Mom!  Now they have to crap really bad!"
The other Cadets were doubling over with laughter.
"Are-you-the-toi-let-clean-er?!"
"NO COMMANDANT!"   Liam was struggling hard with the pushups, and was cheating badly to keep going.
"Now get up, you sorry excuse for a Cadet!  Mike!  Help this Cadet out!  Get over there and shoot before I change my mind!"
"YES COMMANDANT!"




Chapter 12
One Week Later - North Side of Greater Cincinnati

There was a small road sign that had its original message spray painted over in white.  In black words, it read, "Ohio Confederation Post.  WARNING: Show Your Hands!"  
"Look," Terri said, "there's Confederation troops up there!"
"That's good, right?"  Pam asked.
"Maybe," Elijah said.  "But we better do like the sign says."  They raised their hands.
They could see one guard watching them, then a half dozen more popped their heads up behind some fortifications in the middle of the road.
Dale said, "Those guys are pointing their guns at us.  I don't know."  
Elijah said, "I guess we should expect them to act that way, right?"
A soldier advanced toward them, "Where you folks planning on going?  
"Cincinnati," Pam said.
"Fairfield," Elijah said.
The Soldier looked them over. "You can put your hands down.  I have to advise you that this is the southern end of the Confederation.  Beyond this is unorganized territory.  I can't recommend going to either of those places.  Especially Cincinnati."
Pam said, "We gotta try and find out son." Her voice was breaking a little, fearing the journey would end without finishing.
"Ma'am,  I'm not going to stop you, I'm just advising you.  Just be advised that we won't even go down there ourselves.  We would like some information about what is going on down there, but we have seen quite a few people go south beyond this point and have not seen a single person return."
Pam started crying.  Dale held her close.
"Pam," Dale said, "at this stage of the game, we gotta go.  If we go down, we go down together."
"No Dad!" Terri started crying.  "You'll both die!"
Dale said, "We made it this far."  He told Terri,  " I want you to stay here and wait for us to come back."
"No, Dad!  Is Bobby more important than me?"
"No Terri.  Please don't say that."
Terri said, "What if Bobby's not there, or . . ."
The soldier spoke up, "We don't provide any provisions or special protection for people who choose to stay here, sir."
"Never mind that!" Dale said, "Just make sure no one tries any funny business with her!"
Dale pulled Terri's head close to his.  "I love you."
Pam joined them in the hug.
"Elijah," Dale said, "I want to ask a favor of you."
"What's that, Dale?"
"When you come back this way, if Terri is here, I want you to take her back with you to that fake town up north."
"Crawfordton."
"Yes, Crawfordton."
Elijah asked, "What if you are just a bit behind me?"
"Never mind that, we'll come up to Crawfordton and get her.  I want her to stay safe.  She's our treasure."
"Okay.  I promise."
Terri started crying as if she believed she would never see her parents again.
Pam said, "Thank you Elijah, for all of your help."
"You too," Elijah said.  "Hope you find Bobby."
"Good luck with your Daughter," Dale said.
Elijah shook Dale's hand and hugged Pam.  Then he turned to the west toward Fairfield, Ohio.
A feeling of exhilaration pulsed through Elijah's old body.  He was a half day away from being at Rene and Matt's.  One minute he was happy, the next minute he was totally afraid.
Now was not the time to get careless.  It was time to heed the warnings of the Confederation soldier at the end of the line checkpoint.  Fortunately, this area was largely undeveloped.  This was the main reason Rene liked it here so much.
The topography was flat with small hills in places.  There was not much tree growth covering the hills.  The bottom line was that there was not too much of a threat of being bushwhacked in the area at point blank range.
It was starting to get late.  Elijah was thinking about finding a cozy spot to hide out for the night.  He could not approach any homes in Fairfield at night.
He had a can of Beefaroni in his pack he had carried all that way.  He was thinking about opening it.  Maybe this would be his last chance to partake of such a delight.
A bullet whizzed by his head and he heard a pop.  He immediately went to the ground and was trying to look around.  "Dang it!"  He could not see where the shooter was.  There were so many possibilities.   That shooter was going to get another shot at him and he couldn't do anything to stop it.
Elijah ran down the hill towards a single tree next the road.  He could only hope he was running in a favorable direction.  He tried to zigzag enough to make another shot as difficult as possible, but still maintained some speed.  He made it to the tree.  He was looking around, waiting for another shot.  He couldn't see anyone anywhere.  His line of sight was clear in all directions.  He waited for the longest time.  There was no one.  Now he wasn't sure it was a gunshot in the first place.  He feigned leaving the tree sanctuary a couple of times then jumped back to see if  the assailant was still trying to get a bead on him.  Nothing.  Just to play it safe, Elijah started running off toward his originally intended destination.  He was concerned about expending too much energy, since he did not have much in the way of food, except the Beefaroni.
Elijah came to a small cluster of intentionally planted trees and ran into it to try and scramble his trail, just in case the ghoul was stalking him.  Once among the trees, he decided it was a good opportunity to get reacquainted with the Beefaroni.  He pulled the tab and ripped the lid off of the can.  Even at room temperature the aroma was exquisite.  The pasta texture was a little soft from being so old, but it was still commercially sterile.
Elijah savored every nostalgic bite.  After finishing the treat he reflected on years gone by.  How people took their daily meals for granted.  How America was blessed with so much, yet chose to throw it all away by their neglect.
Finishing the can was another small weight off of his pack that would no longer need to be carried.  Also, it was another bit of loot that someone else would not be rewarded with if the next bullet found its target.
It was getting very dark.  Elijah wanted to finish the journey so bad that he couldn't contain himself.  But it was too risky.  He would have to sit in the trees until morning.
Now Elijah was wide awake.  He thought he would never be able to get any sleep.  It turns out that he made a huge pile of pine needles and burrowed into it, and it was comfy warm.  The next thing he knew it was morning.
All this way Elijah came.  He was within a couple of miles from the destination.  He started passing some apartment buildings on the edge of town.  One was burned out.  He could see people looking down on him.  Potential trouble lurked all around him.  Elijah knew that some might try to kill him just for a chance to see what was in his pack.
As usual, the side of the road was lined with abandoned cars.  The last thing he wanted to do was to get off of the street and be attacked by either fearful or opportunistic assailants.
He saw human remains in the middle of the street.  Not all of each of the body's remains were there.  He looked up at the apartments and condos to see if there were any imminent threats.
He was in the neighborhood.  It was incredible to think that he accomplished it.  He wished he could phone Aliyah right now.  Was this the building?  They all looked the same, but a little different.  Hmm. . . not yet.
There it is!  Apartment 413!  Their apartment was on the second story.  Elijah went up the walkway.  He saw a sign on the door, but it was too far away to read.  He went up the stairs on the side and was at the door he had been looking for, and thinking about all this time.  The sign read, "Keep Out!"  It was written badly.  It looked like a third grader had written it.
Elijah knocked on the door.  He did it harder and harder.  "Dang it!  Rene! Open up! It's me!"  He hated to make so much noise and end up drawing unwanted attention.
He beat on the door some more.  Whawazat?  He thought he heard a voice.  Maybe it was an animal.  Elijah couldn't just stand outside and let everyone in the neighborhood contemplate the best method of robbing or killing him.
Guess it was time to act like a cop and bust down the door.  Busting doors was a lot easier with the proper equipment.  Here goes. . .

 


Chapter 13
Crawfordton
The four Cadets were on their way to the Fort Wilcox Military Academy from the Crawfordton Public School.  
Every time Angela turned around, Mike was uncomfortably close.  He didn't say much, but was about as consistent as a shadow. 
 Hunter was always trying to be in the middle of whatever was going on.  Hunter's younger brother Liam was always looking around dreaming about something.
"Hey rag-heads!"  It was Zach and two of his friends.  The boys were older and bigger that the cadets.
The Cadets looked at them, and just kept walking.
"OOOO!  Look at the badass rag-heads, with their zombie."
"Hey!  Shut up!" Hunter said.
"Hey!   Why don't you make me, wimp!"
Angela walked up to Zach.  Mike followed.  Then the others.
Angela said, "Hey Zach.  Remember the knife?"
"So?  How do you know we don't have knives?"
Angela said, "Do you really know how to use a knife you ignorant bastard?"
"Hey!  I know how to cut!"
"Really?  Do you know how to carve up a body and take all of the flesh off of the bone?  Do you know how to bust open the skull and suck the brains out of a head?  Do you know how to chew up the flesh and crap it all out the next day?"
The older boys winced.  One of them held his stomach and said, "I'm outta here."  Then they both walked off, hoping to be forgotten.
"Hey, where you going?"  Zach said to his wilting allies.
Angela got closer to Zach.  She put her hand in the same pocket that produced the knife the last time.  "That's you I'm talking about, you stupid son of a bitch.  I promise you I am going to turn your ugly face into manure for our garden if you come anywhere near any of us.  Do you follow what I'm saying?"
Zach was speechless.
Mike got in front of Angela.  His nose almost touched Zach's nose.   He said, "I'm hungry too, bitch."
Hunter chimed in, "I'm starved!"
Zach backed up slowly started walking fast in the direction of his demoralized friends.
Angela said, "Supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy's resistance without fighting."
"Huh?" Mike said.
"That's out of Art of War.  It's a book.  If you do what is in it, you will win every time.  None of you guys tell Phil about this?  K?"
Mike told Angela, "What's that guy's deal?"
Angela said,  "He don't like me much.  Can't you tell."
"Well. . . I like you."
"Why?"
"'Cuz."
"'Cuz why?"
Mike just shrugged his shoulders.
Angela said, "You don't make any sense."
Mike asked, "You really didn't eat people, right?"
Angela said, "What do you think?"
"Umm. . .I don't know."
Angela said, "The important thing is that he believes I would do it, right?"
"Yea, I guess.  You're pretty smart, for a girl."
"C'mon Mike, I'm smarter than you."
"No you're not."
"Mike.  Seriously?"
"You just think you are."
"I think I am, because I am."
"Whatever."
They walked quietly toward the Academy.
Mike said, "If someone did eat another person, do you think they would taste. . .yucky?"
"I know Zach would taste yucky," Angela said.
They started laughing.
Hunter said, "Yea, he would give me the runs."
Liam started laughing.  He swatted Hunter, who swatted him back.
Commandant Crawford was waiting at the Fort on the Cadets.   There were no clocks in use in the community, so the delay caused by the confrontation went unnoticed by Phil.  "We got work today, Cadets.  Let's start building our Academy.  We have to go out and scavenge for building materials.  We'll get whatever we can and bring them back here." 
Liam said, "Can we shoot again?  I want to shoot!"
Phil said, "First, we get some of the building started.  If that goes okay, we may do some shooting.  I've got some lunch here from Amy for everyone."
Liam saluted, "Okay, Commandant."
Hunter said, "Liam wants to clean toilets."
The Cadets started laughing.
"Crawford!"  It was Captain Anderson hobbling along.  You missed the Colonel.  Actually he was pretty happy with our Academy.  Next spring he wants to send some more students to it.  He'll get some money to pay for it."
Phil was taken aback by the notion that the Academy somehow was the work of both Anderson and himself.   "I thought he wouldn't want any kids?"
"He says your kids can stay, but he will be sending mostly officers candidates, you know, real cadets to the academy.  He is also going to send a couple more instructors."
"We really got something going here, huh?"
"I'll say.  The Colonel talks like I can expect a promotion."
Phil wondered how this would all work out, but time would tell.  He could always revolt later.
 

Chapter 14
Fairfield, Ohio
Elijah successfully kicked the door in on the second try.  He quietly walked entered.  The apartment had a nasty sewer smell to it.  Kind of like rotting protein, or a dead body.  The apartment was a mess.  The mess was an organized mess.  It looked like it was being lived in, not ransacked.  
"Rene.  You here?  it's. . ."
At that instant Elijah felt a sharp pain on his upper back.  He had been struck by a blunt object.  He kept on his feet.  Before he could get turned around to see what he was up against he was hit in the back of the leg.  He went down.
He saw a young boy standing over him with a baseball bat.  He saw that the boy had the bat raised for another swing.
"Wait!"  Elijah held up his hands.  
Another young boy pounced on Elijah with a butcher knife.  He held the knife to Elijah's throat.  Then he found Elijah's pistol and removed it from the holster.
The boy with the bat said, "Can't you read?!  Keep out!  I am really mad with you.  I am going to kill you!"
  "No!"  Elijah said.  "I'm only here looking for my daughter."
"Why?! So you can eat her?!  Or did you come in here to eat us?!"
"No, I don't eat people, I never have.  It's like I told you, I'm looking for my daughter, Rene."
"The boy with the knife screamed, "How do you know her name?!"
"She's my daughter."
"Yea, right!"  He raised the baseball bat.
  Elijah held up his hands, "Boys, now you've got this all wrong.  I'm only here to find Rene and Matt."
The younger boy with the knife said, "He does kind of look like Rene, but he doesn't look anything like Matt."
"I'm not Matt's father, I'm Rene's father."
"Prove it!" the older boy with the bat said.
"Her name is Rene and she is married to Matt!  Now how else would I know that?  It's not written on the front door, you know."
The boy with the bat said, "Well you're too late!  You should have been here a long time ago!"
"Why!?  What did you do to her!?"  
"Not us!  We had nothing to do with it!"
Elijah grabbed the kid's arm that was holding the knife and twisted it.  The kid screamed, and the knife dropped.   The boy rolled away, holding his arm in pain. 
Elijah sat up. "Okay, now.  You mind tellin' me what happened then?"
"Raymond and I, we lived a few apartments down.  We came here to Matt for protection.  And Rene had a gun that she got from her. . ."
"Me.  I gave her the gun.  Now go on."
The boy relaxed and sat on the couch.  "They tried to get us.  There were a lot of them.  They broke in and Rene kept shooting at them.  They were shooting back."  Matt was hitting them with this ball bat.
Elijah looked at the back of the "Keep Out" sign and saw that the sign covered a couple of bullet holes were put into the window.
Rene and Matt fought them and killed them all but they were both hurt.   They got shot. They both died.
Elijah hung his head.  "No.  My baby.  My baby.  Are you sure?  They both. . .are gone?  He started crying.  "Why!?  Why did they want in here so bad?!"  He didn't want to think about what happened to their bodies.
"Waaaaa!"  a baby cried.
Elijah was confounded by the situation.  "What?  Who?"
The oldest boy said, "Katy!  It's okay!  You can come out now!"
Katy, a scared little blonde haired girl slowly came out holding a baby.
The boy on the couch said, "This is your grandbaby."
"What?  I got a grandbaby?"  Elijah fell flat on the floor and lost it, trying to take this overload of information all in.  He held his eyes and let the tears out.  Then he got back up.
I. . .I.  You boys here. . .and girl, you saved my grandbaby?  Let me see. . .her."  
"Him," the older boy said, "They never got around to naming him."
Katy pulled the baby away.
"It's okay, Katy," the boy said.  "Let him see his grandson."
Katy brought the baby to Elijah.  The baby stared at Elijah.  He gazed upon the eyes of his grandson.  For an instant he had the feeling that he was looking into Rene's eyes.  
The baby appeared to be in good health, maybe a little lightweight, probably ready for some solid food.  It was so surrealistic.  Did all of this really just happen?
Elijah asked the older boy, "What's your name, son?"
"Mitch."
"And you're Raymond?'
Raymond nodded in the affirmative.
"I'll call the baby, Mitchell Raymond Mayweather, after you, men."
"You are naming the baby after me?" Mitch said.  "Wowwww."
"And me?" Raymond said, in amazement.  "His name is bigger than he is."
"He should be named after you, you men are heroes.  You know that, don't you?  I guarantee Rene would be so proud of you boys and eternally happy that you saved Mitchell Raymond's little life.  And you know what?  So am I."
"Wow!  'Mitchell Raymond!'  You hear that Mitchell?"
Mitch said, "I didn't really think I was a hero, I just felt like a mommy."
"Mommies are heroes too, you know. How did you do it?"
"Well, Matt went down to the messed up store and there was a couple of crushed cases of powdered baby formula still there so he grabbed it all, along with some regular food that was buried under the mess, and brought it here.  We used mirrors and the sun to warm up the baby formula the best we could.  We kept the door locked and just lived with what we had."
Elijah asked, "What did you do for water?"
"When things started going bad, Matt filled up the bathtub full of water and started filling up everything he could with water.  He knew the power was going to go out and there would be no running water to drink.  That lasted quite awhile, but it ran out, so then we would drink dirty water off of the roof.  You get used to it."
"Good work, Matt," Elijah mumbled.
Elijah now realized the context of the smell in the place.  Just old fashioned dirty diapers.  "You boys are amazing.  Now we have to get out of here."
"We can't do that," Mitch said.
"Why not?"
"It's not safe.  And we got nowhere to go."
"You can't stay here.  You will run out of everything, then what?  You have been in here so long that you can't imagine anything else.  I'll take you all back to Crawfordton with me."
Mitch said, "You can't trust anybody."
"I know, but we'll leave at night so no one can see us.  We'll be okay.  I wouldn't have come here if I didn't think I would be able to get here and back.  Don't you want to get out of here?"
"Yea," Raymond said.  "I'll go to Crawfordton.  It has to be better than here."
"Atta boy."  Elijah could barely move from his battering when he tried to get up.
Mitch said, "Sorry about that. . ." 
"Elijah.  No no. I understand totally, you were just being protective, but I ain't gonna tell you it doesn't still hurt."
Mitch helped him up. "Here, lay on the couch."
"Oh, great.  I haven't had the privilege for a long time.  Let's all get some rest for now, then we'll pack up and get out of here."  
It was not so impossible to believe that Rene and Matt had perished, but he would have never guessed, that he would be napping on a couch with his grandson when he got to Fairfield.



 


Chapter 15
Crawfordton
January
It became evident that someone had been abducting people from Crawfordton again.  There was some evidence that the perpetrators were the Hexmen.
It was thought by some that the disappearances  was the work of the Gofinns getting rid of any possible rivals.  But Constable Colonel Jayden Phipps had a spy in Delburg working under the alias of Rocky Smillen.  Nearby Delburg was controlled by the Gofinns.  Smillen seemed to know everything about Delburg, but Smillen saw no evidence that the Gofinns were involved in any such activity.  In fact, the Gofinns never seemed to go anywhere near Crawfordton.  So Delburg was ruled out in the matter.  
However, Smillen said people were also coming up missing from Delburg, a fact that could not be accepted. It was reported to Jayden that someone tried to, but failed to abduct a woman.  When the woman's husband got a brief look at the man, the perpetrator had some kind of "symbol" tattoo on his face.  This suggested that the perpetrators could be the Hexmen.  
Since the Crawfordton Guard did such a good job of helping the Raiders to dislodge the Hexmen out of the Shanesville area, the Hexmen may have relocated closer to Crawfordton.  
 It was the coldest day of the season.  It was so cold that school was cancelled and the around the clock sentries at the House were only sent out to do an occasional patrol.
Everyone in the House was staying near the fireplace.  Both of the doorways leading into the room had blankets tacked up over them to keep the warm air in the room.
Angela was reading by firelight.  Angela said, "It says right here, 'When the enemy is at ease, be able to weary him; when well fed, to starve him; when at rest, to make him move. Appear at places to which he must hasten; move swiftly where he does not expect you.'"
"Aren't you sick of this book yet?" Phil asked, trying to take a nap.
"No.  Why do you keep saying that?"
"Oh, I don't know. . .maybe because you have read that thing for half a year."
Angela quoted again, "The general who wins the battle makes many calculations in his temple before the battle is fought. The general who loses makes but few calculations beforehand."
"So you're a General now, and this House is a temple?"
Angela said, "If we hit the Hexmen now, they will be easily destroyed."
Phil sighed, "But also, we have to know when to fight.  It is too cold out.  Our people will freeze to death out in that.  And I don't know if anyone knows where the Hexmen are.  Those Hexpukes are suffering a lot worse than we are right now."
Angela said, "Fine!"
Phil asked, "What?"
"Nothing.  I'm going to Hunter's house."
"Just stay here.  It's too cold out."
"Fine.  Let's talk some more."
"Okay, okay.  Go ahead and go out.  Don't stay too long?"
"Why not?"
"I want you back here, that's why."
Angela went to her clothes pile by her bed on the floor and found more garments to put on, adding multiple layers.  Then she put on her warmest coat, gloves, hat and boots.
She went across Harris Road to the Thomas's house.  The snow had piled up over the past couple of weeks and none of it had melted.  Angela wondered what everyone's big deal was with the cold.  As long as you dressed for it, the cold wasn't that bad.  
Much of the Thomas house was not habitable because of the destroyed roof.  Angela knocked on the door.  Sophia came to the door and let her him.  They had to pass through the front room that had a partial roof over it.  Snow was all over the floor.  They made their way past some crude makeshift repairs to an inner sanctum of the house. 
The house also had a fireplace.  The room was packed with heat seeking people.  It was nice and warm in the room, almost hot.
Angela waded over the people, many who gave her a hostile glare, until she found Hunter.  "Hunter!"
"What are you doing here?"
"We have something important to do."
"Me too.  Stay warm."
"Its business." She gave Hunter a token kick in the butt.
"Okay. Okay."
She motioned for him to go into the snowy living room.  He put on his coat and followed her.
Angela said, "We gotta go do something."
"Why?"
"Do you want to keep the Hexmen away?"
"I dunno. Are they here?"
"No, but what if they come here?"
"Today?  They gotta be near a fire somewhere."
"I know.  That is how we will find them."
"Find them!"
"Shhhhhhh! Shush!"
"Why would I want to find them?  You don't make any sense."
"So the army can get them."
"Why don't they do it themselves?"
"They're a bunch of babies."
"No they're not."
"Come on."
"Let me tell my Mom first."
"No. You can't"
"She's gonna be so mad."
"She'll get over it.  Go get some more warm clothes, let's go."
"Okay.  Hang on.  Man, what a . . ."
"Soonzoo says, 'If fighting is sure to result in victory, than you must fight, even though the ruler forbid it.'"
"Sounds like Sunzoo got into a lot of trouble."
"No.  If you win, people forget about it.  I think."
The days were very short and the two Cadets headed out into the darkness straight north up Harris Road,  which was more of a random first place to look than anything else.

 Amy nudged Phil, who was getting a nap.  She asked Phil, "Where's Angela?"
"She's over at Thomas's."
"Well go get her.  I want her over here now."
Phil grumbled. "All right."  Phil didn't dress overly warm since it was a short trip, but before he got across the road he regretted it.  He knocked on Thomas's door.
Sophia opened it.   "Hi Phil."
"Hi."  
"Come in and get warmed up."
They meandered through the baffled mess until they got to the heated area.
"Thanks. Where's Angela?  I want her to come back home now."
"Angela?  She's not here.  Neither is Hunter.  Liam!  Have you seen Hunter?"
"No."
"Phil.  What's going on?  Where's Liam?"
"I don't know.  Dang it!  This really gets me!  Don't worry Sophia, I'll get to the bottom of this."
Phil returned back at his house and burst open the door. He let a big burst of cold air into the House.  He was welcomed with a chorus of "Shut the door!"
"I can't find Angela!"
Amy said, "Whaaaa. . ."
"Sophia can't find Hunter, either.  Check the House!" Phil said.  "Angela!  Angela!  Get in here!  Dang it!"
They looked through the house. 
" Jayden!" Phil said,  "You gotta sound the rally bell!"
"Now wait a minute, Phil.  We can't just send everyone out in this.  Just because this is your kid. . ."
Phil snarled, "If this was any other kid, what would you do?"
Jayden dropped his head.  He told a sentry who was spending his outside time warming up inside instead, "Private, go toll the rally bell."
Amy said, "Phil, can't we get the Confederation to help out?"
Jayden interrupted, "They won't help with this.  This is our problem."
Amy pleaded, "What if someone took her?  What good are they?"
Jayden said, "Oh maybe you're right.  I'll go talk to Anderson."
Throughout the town, grumbling and groaning was pervasive as the Guard members heard the bell and readied themselves to meet at the rally point at the House.
After they arrived at the rally point, each platoon was given an area of the town to check for the children.  Once completed, each platoon was to report back to the rally point.  If no one had seen the children, then all the platoons were to head out of town in an assigned direction the distance of not more than three miles.  If they saw nothing, they were to come back.
Jayden still had not promoted anyone to Captain yet to fill Henry Miller's position.  Jayden thought that appointing a Captain may not be necessary at this point, since the Guard was now a smaller force.



 

Chapter 16
Guard Platoon-D, under Lieutenant Murphy, was in charge of searching for the missing children in the north section of town.  Murphy was glad that they were down to the last couple of homes to check.  Sadly, they were disappointed to find that an older man had frozen to death in his shanty.  Most of the shanties were abandoned and people were stuffed in front of fireplaces.  Not this guy.  He was too pigheaded to get help with anything, so he died of hypothermia.
"Lieutenant!"
"Yea, Sergeant."
"There is a pair of kid-sized tracks going due north up the road."
"Take your squad and follow them.  Bring them back.  Good work.  Everyone else, let's head back to H.Q.."
Murmurs were heard through Platoon-D's troops. Some were relieved to be able to go home, while others disappointed that they had to suffer in the miserable cold at least awhile longer.
Sergeant Benson thought that at least his squad would not have to go the full three miles if he could catch the children.  Some of the men suggested that they jog to try and catch the children a little quicker.
The squad kept up the pace.  The men were about a mile up the road.
"Sergeant!  There they are!"
Benson called out to the children, "Halt! Stop!"
Angela and Hunter stopped and turned around.
"Hold it right there, kids!"
Angela and Hunter stood there waiting for the squad.
Sgt. Benson said, "You kids caused a lot of trouble.  What are you doing out here?"
"Looking for Hexmen," Hunter said.
Benson was confused by the answer.  "You're done looking now, you're coming back to see Phil Crawford.
"Crap," Angela said. 
"Crap is right," Benson said, breathing heavily after the jog in his heavy clothes with his rifle. "Let's go, kids."
Angela realized that these guys were tired.  The first moment no one was looking she took off running to the north.  Hunter didn't even see her leave.
One of the privates said, "Hey.  Where'd she. . . awww come on."
Sergeant Benson turned around, "Well!  You let her get away, now go get her!"  
The Private chased her a ways up the road he wasn't getting any closer, but he saw that she stopped.  Now he was catching up.
"Okay, you done runnin' now?"
Angela held her finger over her mouth, then pointed down on the road.   
The Private said, "Oooh Noo."
It was almost dark but for as far as they could see in the light, there were hundreds of tracks all running in the same direction across the road at a right angle to their path and into a woodlot that ran alongside the road.
The Private quietly said, "Run."
Angela and the Private both took off together.  A couple of spears flew out from the woods at them.  Misses.  Then some arrows.  An arrow hit Angela in the back.  She kept on running.  The Private was hit in the calf by an arrow and fell to the road.
Angela turned toward the screaming Private, Hundreds of Hexmen rushed out of the woods towards her.  She resumed her escape.   "Help!  Help!  God help me!"
One of the Hexmen ran a spear into the injured Private's chest.
A Hexman leader shouted, "No guns!  No guns!"  He did not want to draw attention.
It was too late.  Sgt. Benson and his squad heard the commotion and commenced fire.  Some of the Hexmen dropped.
The Hexman leader commanded, "Fire! Fire everything!"
Hexmen started firing and hit two of the Squad members.
Pull back! Benson ordered.  They all started running south.  
A couple of the faster ones were catching up to Angela.
Sergeant Benson turned and fired from a prone position while his men were escaping.  He was hitting some of the faster Hexmen.
One particularly nasty Hexman grabbed Angela by the arm.  She spun around and buried her pocket knife blade into his wrist.  She withdrew the bloody blade and resumed running.
The Hexman held his cut wide-open wrist and was screaming in fear and pain.
Benson kept low and was hitting the Hexmen.  The rest of the Hexmen stopped rushing forward.  Benson told Angela to keep going.  He had effectively single-handedly pinned them down, but there were so many that there were scores of them running alongside the road on both sides.  They were outflanking Benson, and moving in towards him.  
Then a salvo of semi-automatic gunfire erupted from the rest of Platoon-D who came to the rescue.  Angela came running by them with the arrow sticking out of her back.
The Hexmen gathered themselves into a defensive line and were firing back.  Platoon-D was pinned down.

Back at the rally point in town, all of the other platoons were still there waiting for Platoon-D and cussing out Angela in absentia.
Ella was standing near Jayden listening to all of the idle chatter.  "Hey listen!"
They all got quiet.  You could barely hear it.
Jayden said, "That sounds like World War Four going on over there!  Everyone!  Entire Guard Company! On me!  On me!"
The entire Company suddenly was moving toward the battle.  
Jayden said, "Ella!  Go tell Anderson!"
The Company ran past Hunter who was not far from town.  Then they five minutes later they ran past Angela who was running crazy fast toward town.  Angela was no longer the priority.
The Guard got to the battle to relive Platoon-D.  It was difficult to make out friend from foe in the dark.  Not much more shooting took place.   When it did, the shooting was generally at point blank range.  Preston Martin was able to surprise a Hexman by plunging his combat knife into him.  The encirclement of Platoon-D by the Hexmen was broken.
Before the Confederation Garrison got to the battle, the Hexmen had already broken off.  They were ducking back into the woodlot.

Amy's face turned ghastly white when Angela came into the House with an arrow sticking out of her back.  Amy almost passed out.  "Ph. . .Phil."
Phil came into the room.  "What the hell!?  We gotta get you over to the clinic!"
The clinic was always opened by Dr. Williams whenever the rally bell tolled.  The candles were already lit.
"Whoa!  What in Devil's name?!"  Dr. Aliyah Williams studied the arrow into her back.  "Is this hurting you at all."
"Not much."
The Doctor touched the shaft of the arrow.
"Oww!"  Angela said, and squirmed.
Dr. Williams said, "It doesn't seem to be bleeding much.  I'm going to try and cut around it and see what we got.  What about your arm here?"
"That's not my blood."
"Hmmm. . .Is that a fact?"
Dr. Williams started to cut around the arrow and the arrow fell on the floor.  "That was pretty easy."
"Let's get this coat off so I can take a look."  She took the coat off and lifted up the numerous layers of clothes.  "Sorry, I know it's cold in here."   The inspection revealing a small bloody scratch.  "Well, at the risk of being called a 'band-aid station',  I'm going to put on a band aid on it."  She put on the band aid.  "You're good to go."



Chapter 17
It was too cold to talk outside.  Once they got back home the interrogation began in the radio room.
Phil said, "You almost scared your mother. . .Amy to death.  I'm serious.  She was worried sick over you.  Then when you came home with. . . oh, what was that?  An arrow, sticking out of your back?   I thought she was going to have a stroke or something."

Angela said, "I am so sorry, but I was only doing the right thing?"
Amy interjected, saying, "How can any of this be the right thing?  Did I miss something here?  Let's get serious here.  You had an arrow sticking out of your back when you got home.  I hate to keep saying the same thing over and over Angela, but I wish you would act more like a young girl instead of some foul-mouthed pioneer or something."
Angela said, "Amy, I hate to keep disappointing you, but being a little girl is boring."
Phil sensed he was next on Amy's list.  He asked Angela, "So why did you do it?   Why did you go out?"
"The Art of War says 'If fighting is sure to result in victory, than you must fight, even though the ruler forbid it.'"
Phil said, "You are not a soldier, you are a child.  Children should not be in war.  None of that is your responsibility anyhow."
"Should anyone be in war?  Someone had to lead and take the victory, but everyone said it was 'too cold' to go out.  It sure wasn't 'too cold' for the entire Company to come out looking for me 'n Hunter.  It wasn't 'too cold' for the Hexmen to be within two miles of our house."
Amy said, "Phil, I'm fed up with it.  You keep making her worse and worse and now she is stirring up all kinds of trouble.  What am I going to say to people?  I want that 'Art and War' book burned, and I want that Academy shut down!"  Amy left the room.
Phil looked at Angela in the eyes and said, "You knew you would get into a lot of trouble, didn't you?"
She nodded yes.
"I have to say, I respect your bold decision, but I don't like it. And even though you took a couple more years off of my lifespan, I am proud of you.  It really is a weird sort of way for a young girl to act, or even a boy, but we won the battle, right?"

She nodded yes again.
"Never, be afraid to talk.  Especially to me.  No more quiet stuff."
"Yes Phil, we won the battle.  We killed lots of Hexmen tonight, and we taught the rest of 'em not to screw around with us."
"We?"
"Yea, I had to cut one up pretty bad to get away."  She showed the blood on her coat to Phil.
"What was that like?"
"I know you want me to say 'awful', but it was pretty dang good, to tell you the truth."
"How did you know to look north?"
"I didn't.  I was just going to try there first because it was easy.   But then I could smell them."
"You could smell the Hexmen?"
"Yea, maybe because there were so many  of them.  So I went toward them."
"I'm having a hard time taking all of this in.  Why are you so concerned with winning wars and all?"
"I dunno.  Maybe I just like to fight." 
"You are an enigma."  Phil gave her a hug.  "I'm glad you come home safe.  Please get that coat cleaned up and try not to get me into any more trouble.  At least for awhile.  You're starting to drive Amy nuts now."
"Okay, Phil.
"And let me hang on to 'The Art and War Book' for awhile.  I won't burn it."
"Okay, Phil.  I'll go get it."  Angela knew most of it by memory anyway.   "Are you going to shut down the Academy?"
"I think we need to take a couple of weeks off.  It's billy hell cold out there anyhow."

The next day Sophia Thomas came knocking on the Crawford's door.  Amy answered and invited her in.
"I would like to speak with Phil," Sophia said.
"Oh I know, dear, I hope you give him all kinds of the business.  That's awful with the kids and all."
"Well Amy, I don't look at it quite that way."
"No?  Some of our own people died, you know."
"I know, that was a shame, and the Cadets shouldn't go off on their own, but I asked Phil to train my boys so they would turn into capable men.  I have to admit that some of what they have to do is tough for us mothers to accept, but now Hunter is already considered some kind of a war hero in town here."
Amy said, "He. . .uh huh, yes, I think. . .yes he is.  It is really great, but you give Phil way too much credit."
"Oh no.  All the boys talk about is their 'Commandant'."
"The Commandant?"
"Yea, that's what they call Phil."
Amy turned to the room being warmed by the fireplace.  "Commandant!  Someone is here to see you!"
"Hi Sophia."
"Phil, I just want to thank you for the great job you are doing with the Academy.  I am so proud of Hunter."
Phil said, "Really?  I was just thinking about closing it down." 
"What!?  You better not!," Sophia said,  "We need that place."
Amy sighed.  "No, we ain't shutting down anything.  Maybe we ought to ban girls in it though."
"Amy no.  That would be a bad idea.  You know those boys have a lot of respect for Angela.  They never say anything demeaning about girls now.  To them, she is an equal.  Well, I just came by to say 'thank you'.  They really ought to let you know if they are doing something risky though."
"I totally agree.  I'll see to it."  Phil smiled, "You stop by any time."




 




Chapter 18
Dr. Aliyah Williams lived in their house alone now that Henry Miller had passed and Elijah was gone.  Henry bought the house with the money that he and Elijah had earned.
The house had no fireplace, but on a normally cold winter night, she could bundle up in heavy clothes and blankets and end up being quite cozy.   On colder nights, it was a real struggle to keep warm.  
Aliyah missed having Henry around.  There was no limit to the amount of suspicious characters who might try to invade her home.  At times, Aliyah worried about Kevin and Todd, who lived in the William's old non-functioning van in their driveway.  At best they were unscrupulous and unpredictable.
Colonel Jayden Phipps gave Aliyah Henry Miller's  9mm pistol for protection, but kept Henry's valuable automatic rifle for the Guard.  Aliyah knew that her shooting skills were below weak, but she felt she could always "spray and pray".
She heard the door rattle.  Her heart pounded.  She couldn't find the pistol!  She scrambled.  
There were voices. . .The door opened!
"'Liyah."
"Oh my God!  'Lijah!"  Only Elijah called her "'Liyah".
Elijah rushed to her in the bed.  "I'm back 'Liyah."
They held each other tight.  
Aliyah said, "I didn't think you would ever come back.  I was so worried.  Who else is with you, Rene?  Rene?  Is that. . ."
"It's not Rene, baby. . .Rene. . .and Matt.  They didn't make it."
"Oh no, 'Lijah.  Not our baby.  Why?  Damn it all."
She cried for several minutes.  It's sad, but I ain't got no more tears.  I guess all my hope was already gone.  I knew it already.  You should have listened."
"Hush now."  Elijah held Aliyah close.  He hated bringing her the bad news.  "We got some friends here.  Can we put on the candle?
"There's a lighter on the stand next to the candle.  Go ahead."
Elijah flicked on the lighter for a moment and started the large candle.
"You got some friends here?"
Elijah introduced Terri, the young woman abandoned at the Confederation Guard Post.  Then he introduced Raymond, Mitch, and Katy.
"You sure make a lot of friends."
Elijah rolled up the black suitcase on its two wheels.  
"You can unpack tomorrow. . ."
Elijah started unzipping the zipper, which was partway open.
Then he pulled back the blanket revealing the precious cargo in the suitcase.  "I want to show you something."  He unzipped the bag just enough to reveal Mitchell Ray's face.
"Ohhhhhhh!, that's not something, that's someone.  it's a little one, Aliyah asked Terri,  "Is this your baby?"
"No."
Elijah pulled out the baby.  "Meet your Grandson, Aliyah."
"What?!"
Elijah nodded yes.  He had a big smile on his face.
"No!?"
"Yes!"   
"Oh you can't be serious!  Oh my God!  He looks like Rene!  He is!  'Lijah you get him out of there and  give me my child right now!"  Aliyah took the Baby and snuggled in the covers with him.  
"'Liyah, these young people saved Mitchell's life.  I named him after Mitch and Ray.  Katy here and Terri also helped.  They saved his life 'Liyah."
"God bless you all .  That was. . .was a miracle.   I can't thank you enough.  I want you all to stay here as long as you want."  
Elijah said, "Where shall we put them  up?"
"Sorry, 'Lijah, but Henry has passed on."
"What?!"
"He got killed in a fight with a clan."
"I can't believe it.  How could they let that happen?"
"I know.  It was a real shock.  These days we are all getting all kinds of shocks.  Guess we have to appreciate when something goes right."  She couldn't take her eyes off of Mitchell.  "So some of our guests can stay in Henry's room, or wherever else they can find a place.  Thank you all.  God bless your hearts.  I'm sorry now it is not a good time for us to chat.  Tomorrow will be better.  Elijah, Mitchell Ray needs some solid food right now.  Go start a fire so we can get some soybeans started for him."  She gave a half-hearted smile at the entourage.
Elijah started a fire outside to cook the beans.  Cooking the hard beans was a long process.  He took the beans in to Aliyah to feed Mitchell Ray with.  
Then after the fire burned down, he shoveled hot embers into a metal garbage can.  He brought the can into the small bathroom to warm a smaller amount of air for Mitchell Raymond.  Aliyah and Mitchell Raymond made a bed in the bathtub.  It was cozy warm in the room.  Aliyah invited Terri and Katy to sleep in the bathroom.
Elijah realized his home was completely different now.


 

Chapter 19
May - Crawfordton

After the long, frigid winter, Phil jumped at the chance to start getting his garden ready.   Phil had baby plants already up and growing from seed.  Each new season had the potential for a bumper crop, even after following a poor crop like the year before.  At least they didn't consume all of their seeds during the winter months.  No one was thought to have any extra food stock left, except maybe the Gofinns, who still had a large canned food stockpile.  
Phil started the plants the month before and grew them in front of a southern facing window.
Phil taught the Cadets about gardening as well.  Angela liked gardening, or doing anything for that matter, as long as Phil was involved.
Phil said, "Napoleon said, 'An army travels on its stomach'".
Hunter asked, "You mean they crawl?"
"No, son.  I mean they have to have food to move.  So if you have a big army it takes a lot of food to move them."
In spite of what Amy thought, the town started to accept Angela a little more.  She was still considered some kind of crazy girl, but she had her place.  Phil kept telling Angela that "People know when you like them, so she should start making an effort to like them first."  Angela took the advice to heart, and the advice was starting to bear its fruit.
Angela loved gardening, but her true love was military science.  She missed her Art of War so she tried to read The Prince, by Machiavelli, but it was too difficult for her to follow.  But there were also some other military books in the library, such as ones covering battles in the War Between the States, and WWII.
Hunter and Liam were pulling weeds in the garden.  Phil was digging small holes with his hoe and Mike was pouring a couple of dollops of water in the hole.  Then Angela put baby plants into the wet holes.  
"Phil, do you think I can get my book back."  They both knew what book she was asking about.
"I don't know.  Do you think you could read it responsibly?"
She sighed, "Yes, but it would be nice if someone would listen to me for a change."
"You gotta remember.  Adults don't have to listen to what children say, even incredibly smart ones like you.  But I can tell you this much, they will listen better now than the last time.  Angela, you have to understand that Sun Tzu talks about doing 'many calculations' before taking an action."
"How do you know I didn't do that?"
Phil said, "I take that to mean that you talk it over with the other brains of the outfit."
"I did talk it over with you."
"But how does that count when I said it was a bad idea.  You know the Bible says. 'In the multitude of counselors there is safety.'  Just talking to me is not 'multitude'.  Before all of our battles you know we would have meetings with all of the leaders.  I know you heard them talking."
Hunter said, "Angela said before we went looking for the Hexmen that as long as we were right, no one would say anything."
"Big mouth," Angela said.
"Fine," Phil said, "But there are different amounts of being right.  Angela couldn't have been a hundred percent right when she ended up getting an arrow in the back."
Hunter said, "I was more right than her.  I didn't get hit."
Mike said to Hunter, "No you were just more scared."  Mike looked at Angela.  "How come you took Hunter along and not me?"
"I don't know, Mike.  I just did."
Mike said, "You should have asked me."
Angela said, "Yea probably, Mike.  Because if you were there, you pr'y would have taken my arrow in your back, because you are always following me." 
Phil chuckled at the exchange.   He thought of how he and Amy must sound at times, so those two must be made for each other.
Mike said, "Don't you like me around you, Angie?"
Angela turned red.  "I'm not Angie!  I got too many names!  I'm not Angela!  I'm Ayanna!  Mike!  Call me Ayanna!"
Phil's jaw dropped.  Hooray!  He didn't have to keep the secret anymore.
Hunter said, "How come you're Ayanna now?"
"Because that's my name!  I never said my name was 'Angela', did I?"
Mike said, "Phil, is her name really 'Ayanna'?"  
Phil just shrugged his shoulders.  "Welcome to talking to women, Mike.  Keep me out of it."
Liam said, "My name's Randy!"
Hunter rolled his eyes.
Mike asked, "Phil, can I go now?"
"I need you here another hour or so.  Just kidding.  Sure son, go on."
Mike stomped away, clearly not happy with the discussion.
Hunter and Liam ran off to their home across the road.
Phil said, "Are you through being mean now?"
"What?" Ayanna said.
"You know, the reason you were named 'Angela' was because Amy named you that after someone we really think quite a lot of.  As I recall, we couldn't get you to say much of anything.  Now you want to act mean about it to your best friends.  You better make it all right, starting with Amy.  You better get into the House and tell Amy before she hears it from someone else, or she will be plenty hurt."
"Yea.  I'm going right now.  Then I'll talk to Mike, if I have to."
"If I were me, I'd make sure I did it.  That 'crazy boy' thinks a lot of you for some dang reason."
Ayanna went into the House and looked around for Amy and didn't find her.  Then she heard some clanking around in the back yard and found her there building a fire to make some lunch.
"What's for lunch," Amy?"
"I got some eggs down at Burkett's Store.  You want some green onion in them?"
"Yea.  Amy I want to tell you something."
"Yes, Baby.  I'm all ears."
"Well, I know you named me Angela, which is okay, but I want to go by my real name now."
"Are you finally going to spit that secret out?"
"My name is Ayanna."
"Oh, Angela. . .I mean, A-yanna, that is such a beautiful name."
"Why did you keep it  a secret for so long?"
"I thought that if no one knew my name they wouldn't know. . . you know.  It didn't really make much sense.  We good now?"
"We good now?"  Amy gave her a hug.  "Oh little darlin', thank you for telling me.  I love you."
"I love you too.   I told the boys that they should call me 'Ayanna', but you can call me Angela if you want, on account that you are special."
"Okay. . .Ayanna.  You know I just love that name.  It's a beautiful name for a beautiful young woman." 
"Okay Amy, I'll be back for lunch.  I gotta go see somebody for a minute."
"All right.  You got some time."

 

Chapter 20
July
It seemed to most that Ohio never really had much of a spring.  You go from winter right into the hot, humid summer.  But the hot weather was good for making the garden grow like a jungle.  
The bean fields that the majority worked on were doing better than the previous year, which was the initial manual labor year.  
Those who tried to develop corn from the progeny of the hybrid seed had struggled the previous year.  The hope was that the plants would be less of an unproductive mongrel than the previous year. 
 The overall wretched crop production caused a famine that was felt worldwide, since there was no exporting at all.  Now the historically productive "corn belt" was keeping all that they produced.  So the shortages were far worse elsewhere. 
In Ayanna's eyes, the world was starting to fall into order.  If anything, her new name was almost as if she was coming out with the new and improved version of herself.  So instead of keeping it a secret , revealing her name was actually a kind of a reset to her reputation.
Ayanna had school, Academy, and her books.  Phil gave her back her literary masterpiece, which was like her own twisted security blanket.  She was reading The Art of War.  "If you know your enemy and you know yourself you need not fear the results of a hundred battles. If you know yourself but not the enemy for every victory gained you will also suffer a defeat. If you know neither the enemy nor yourself you will succumb in every battle."
Ayanna found Phil in the radio room.  "Phil, we got three main enemies, right?"
"Yea.  Gofinns, Axis, and Hexmen."
"Well we know a lot about the Gofinns and Axis, because we have spied on them.  But what do we know about the Hexmen?"
"Not enough really.  We don't know what they will do next.  I think you are right, I better talk this over with Jayden."
"Hey!  Why can't I talk it over too?!"
Phil started squirming.  "Okay, let me think this over for a day and I'll get back with you."
"Phil. . ."
"No, I promise.  We won't have another 'arrow in the back' outcome, so don't do anything stupid, or rash.  I'll think of something."

The next day Phil woke up Ayanna, "Come on.  We got something important to do.
"What?"
"We gotta go work on the farm."
"The farm?"
"Yea, hush now and get ready."
"Nobody ever listens to me," Ayanna said.
They walked out heading north from Crawfordton.  There was a farm that was just past Fort Wicox.
Angela saw a man out in a field at the farm.  The guy looked familiar.  He had kind of an unusual shape.
Phil said, "See that farmhouse?"
"Okay."
"Go in that door right there."
"Why?"
"Do it."
Ayanna approached the house, looking around.  The man out in the field did not look at her at all.  She looked back at Phil who was walking back to town.  All of this gave her an uneasy feeling.  
She went up the steps to the door, which was the back door of the house.  She opened the door.  At the kitchen table she saw a familiar face, Elijah Williams, who was sitting at the table staring at her.  In front of him was a chessboard.
"Have a seat, Ayanna."
He knew her name.  Not really a big surprise, but noteworthy, she thought.  She sat down.  
"It's your move."
"Is this some kind of test?"  Ayanna asked, making a move.
"Would it be okay if I ask the questions, Ayanna?"  Elijah moved.
"All right."  She studied the board a bit and made a move.
"I know all about you."
"You do?"
"I think we are wasting your abilities.  Would you agree?"
"Yes."
"But you are just a kid." Elijah said.
She looked up from the board at him in the eyes.  Waiting on a negative comment.
Elijah continued, "We are in no position to waste any human assets, but you being a kid; most men, especially Guard or Confederation officers would never allow themselves to be advised by a kid; especially a girl."
"Yea, I definitely get that."
"I am different than them," Elijah said.  "Right is right no matter who it comes from.  So, I want to make you an offer."
"You do?"
"I want you to join my team."
"What?  You want me to be a spy?"  Ayanna knew Elijah was in charge of spying. "I want to be a field marshal or general."
"You would be more than perfect as a spy.  No one thinks a pretty little girl will be a spy.  You can always be a general later."
"I'm not so pretty."  She held up her ratty, uncombed long hair.
"You would have to let Amy fix you up if you want to work for me."
"So you want me to be a spy?"
"Maybe.  But before you can do it, I need you to do some things."
"Like what?"
"You have to quit the Academy, and you have to start acting more 'girly'.  I'm serious about that, it is critical."
"Hey!  Did Amy put you up to this?!"
"I know how it sounds, it is not a trick.  Look at this chessboard.  Aren't you trying to get me to move my bishop over here?  I won't because I know your rook is over here.  What I want you to do, aside from this game, is to hide your own personal rook so no one can see it.  If you think about it, it all works out."
Ayanna said, "It says in the Art of War, 'Pretend inferiority and encourage his arrogance.'"
"You got it."  Elijah realized that Ayanna was a sharp as everyone had said.
"Ayanna asked, "Suppose I do what you say, then what?"
"We give you a job here on the farm, which you come to every day after school.  You might work outside a little, but most of the time you will be getting training, but also we talk intel and give our info to Jayden.  Phil tells me you are really good at keeping a secret, which is for your own protection, and the team's safety as well.  Secrecy is an absolute must.  No exceptions."
Ayanna said. "Sometimes you look at the chessboard and you have to make an obvious choice."  She laid down her king.  "You got a deal, Elijah."
"Good, let's see how it goes.  I want you to start effective now."
"All right."
Ayanna got back to the house.  She saw Phil outside hauling some water from the rain water cistern to the garden.  "How was work?" he asked, indicating that he was not going to be discussing any "farm" business.
"Good Phil.  I love it."
"I really happy for you."
"Thanks Phil."
Ayanna went inside to Amy, who was trying to clean the floor with a brush and water.
"Hi Amy."
"Hi."
"Can you do my hair?"
"Absolutely!  I thought you would never ask!  Want to do it now?"
"Okay."
"Sit right here and I'll get my supplies."
Amy got a brush and was trying to undo the horrible ratty mess on top of Ayanna's head.
"Ow!"
"Sorry 'Yanna, but it is pretty messy."
"I know."
"Soooo. . ." Amy said, trying to concentrate on her work.  "What made you want to get your hair fixed?"
"Umm. . .You know, people change."
"I think I'm going to trim it and pull it back a lot.  Is it because of a boy, maybe?"
"No Amy!"
"Hold still now.  I can't do a moving target."
"I'm not so sure I want to be in the Academy any more either."
"Really?"
" It's kind of boring.  You know. . .all boy stuff."
"Yea, I knew a girl when I was little.  She acted just like a boy, I guess because she had three brothers who picked on her.  But then she grew up and had five kids.  She really knew how to handle those kids.  The one boy grew up to be a podiatrist."
"Podiatrist?"
"A Podiatrist is a foot doctor."
"They had doctors just for feet?"
"They had everything."
"There,"  Amy said, "that looks really nice.  Go look in the mirror."
Ayanna went to the mirror.  "Oh my gosh!  That looks really like a girl.  Hey, while you're at it, could you find me some girl clothes."
"I'll send Phil up in the attic.  We might have some old clothes from our daughter up there."  

 

Chapter 21
Phil brought down a couple of boxes of old clothes from the attic.  Amy found an old skirt and top for Ayanna to wear at school. 
 After wearing the skirt, Ayanna finally figured out why Mike was hovering.  The hovering only intensified.  Now she was drawing all kinds of attention.  Ayanna's new look in school was a hit.
Amy was still the school's teacher, and Phil was an assistant, but only on occasion.  While at school, Amy noticed the various reactions to Ayanna's makeover and told her, "Maybe the skirt was a bit too much."
Later that day at home, Ayanna told Amy, "No. I like it.  I want to keep wearing it."  All Ayanna knew was that she was fulfilling her commission as an underground operative.
Amy said, " I think it needs let down a little.  Phil might not like it."  
"Why not?"
"We can talk about it later."

Phil invited Mitch to take Ayanna's place in the Academy.  But Mitch wanted to learn to be a doctor so he chose rather to study with the doctors at the clinic.  The doctors saw promise in him because of the way he took care of Mitchell Raymond Mayweather.  In a couple of years, Mitch might have to do mandatory military service with the Confederation, but Phil thought maybe Mitch would get an exemption with his medical studies.  
So Phil invited Raymond to join the Academy, and Raymond accepted.  After school, Phil and the Cadets were on their way to the Academy at Fort Wilcox.    The boys saw Ayanna on her way to the Farm.
Phil glanced at the boys.  Every single one of them were gawking intently at her with a young predatory gawk.  Phil shook his head.
When they arrived at the Academy they were greeted by Captain Anderson.  The Cadets all gave him a salute.  As promised, the Confederation supplied six additional students from around the Ohio Confederation.  Funds were being provided by the Confederation to construct a barracks next to the Academy for the out of town students to live in.
The incoming Cadets were older than the local ones.  Phil thought that this new mix of students might ruin the already established chemistry among the students.  He thought about his commitment to Sophia Thomas.
Phil introduced himself to the new Cadets.  As he got to know them a little he found that they were excited to be there, and enthusiastic about their future in the Ohio Coalition Army.  
But there was an exception.  He spoke to Patrick, who just wanted out of the Academy and out of the Confederation Army.  As a 20 year-old, Patrick Kelly was in the OCA because of his mandatory service obligation.  His father wanted him to apply for the Academy, so he did, but his father's wishes was his only reason for applying.  Patrick passed the entrance testing that was conducted easily, getting the top score.  Already Patrick had gotten off on a bad foot with his fellow Cadets, who viewed him as toxic.  He was so disengaged that Phil wondered if he was a possible suicide risk.  All that potential, going to waste.  Phil found this troubling and he couldn't stop thinking about him.  They could not afford to lose such a potentially  brilliant human resource.
To make matters worse, Phil found out that Captain Anderson was getting a promotion to Major.  At least he would get re-deployed somewhere else.

When Ayanna showed up at the Farm, Elijah was pleased with the new look.  "Good Work, Ayanna."  
"Thank you, sir."  She brought all of her military equipment and books with her in a bag, in an effort to change her image at home.  "I'll just read gardening books at home." 
"The only problem right now is with the skirt.  You are here to work, so the skirt is out."
"Got it."  She figured she could either change after school, or just wear pants to school.
"But today is fine, we will go out and do some shooting."
"Really?"  
"Of course."
"The other thing is your ideas about the Hexmen.  We can discuss them over another game of chess."
"Okay."  Ayanna liked Elijah.  Was going to the Farm supposed to be this much fun?  She wondered how distasteful this 'work' was going to be, but it turned out to be extensive training in cop martial arts and army martial arts from Elijah.
Ayanna asked Elijah who the farmer was out in the field every day when she got to the Farm.  All he would say was "What farmer?"

The next day Phil went up to Fort Wilcox to get ready for the classes.  It had started to seem more like a job now.  But today would be different.  He was going to first pay Major Anderson a visit.  He found him eating in one of the blockhouses.
"Major."
Anderson just looked at Phil, annoyed by the interruption.
"Congratulations on your promotion."
"What's up?"
"So I guess you'll be leaving soon."
"You guess right."
"I imagine that your claim that you started the Academy and your claim that you won the great victory over the Hexmen had quite a lot to do with your promotion."
"What's your point?'
"You know I don't really see it that way."  Phil held up a piece of paper.  "In fact, I've got a letter here, addressed to the Chairman of the Ohio Confederation that states you were negligent in your duties letting a clan of marauders so close to town and also how you were against the Academy from the get-go, and how you took credit for the design of the Fort.  I have no idea why they would believe that whopper. "
"Why would you say all that. .  . it's all lies."
"I fully intend to walk over to our one-legged Post Office Clerk and mail this completely believable letter unless you do the right thing."
"Oh really.   What the hell is the 'right thing'?"
Phil held up another piece of paper, "Here's another document, 'Major Liar', from Doctor Williams of the Crawfordton Clinic that states Patrick Kelly is unfit for duty."
"What?  Who's the liar now, Crawford?"
"The way I see it, this is a true statement.  You obviously don't know, or care anything about any of your men here.  Hey. . .I could add that to the letter."
  What kind of hocus pocus are you trying to pull here?"
"Here's the deal.  If you release Pat Kelly from the OCA, and the Academy, then I don't mail the letter.  If you don't, I hope you like your new post in West Virginia on the front lines with the Axis."
"Why do you want Kelly so bad?"
"Never mind that.  Deal?"
"What do I tell Kelly?"
"I'll tell him myself that he is being re-deployed to special service with the Crawfordton Guard."
"What if the Headquarters finds out?"
"Then it would look really bad on you, so I guess they better not find out."
Anderson said, "I'll do it; on one condition."
"Which is?"
"I want you out of the Academy, no 'Commandant' no nothing."
Phil thought about it.  "Kelly and I will go get our stuff now."
Phil never thought of himself as a quitter, but in the last few years, he was deposed as a King, then refused the title of Constable,  now he was giving up being a Commandant.  Yeesh.   But Phil did not live for titles and accolades.  So he was now concerned with the Junior Cadets and his promise to Sophia.
Phil found Kelly, who was up early working on the barracks.  "Kelly!"
"Yes Commandant."
"Get your stuff.  All of it.  We are out of here."
"Huh?"
"That's right.  You're being reassigned."
"Oh great.  Now what?"
"Let's go.  I want to get out of here."
Pat Kelly had a backpack that held all of his worldly belongings.  It was a short walk, to the Farm.  "Where are we going?"  Kelly asked.
Phil said, "You see that farmhouse over there?"
"Okay."
Phil stopped, so Pat also stopped.  "Go in that back door of that house."
"Why?"
"This is the last time I will say this to you;  I think. Because I said so."
Kelly walked up to the house.  He saw a peculiar looking guy and a young girl out in a field with large hats, working the soil with hand tools.  Neither of them looked up at him.
He looked around and went into the house.  A middle aged, balding, black man was sitting at the kitchen table.  In front of him was a chess board.
"Have a seat, Pat.  My name is Elijah."
"Why am I here?"
"So we can have a friendly game of chess.  It's your move."
"I don't. . ."
"I said 'move'.  All people as smart as you plays chess.  You do play, don't you?"
 "Well, yea, I'm pretty good."
"Please."  Elijah held his hand out toward the board.
Both men made a few moves.  Elijah could feel that Pat was experiencing some tension.  He wanted to see how Pat would act under at least a little pressure.
"Tell me. . . Pat?  Patrick?"
"Either way."  Patrick made another move.
"Tell me Pat, what are your dreams?"
"Umm. . .What?"  He looked up from the board at Elijah.
"What do you want out of life?  Everyone wants something."
"I wanted out of the OCA."
"Why?"
"That's my business.  What is this anyhow?"
"What if I told you I was your friend?"
"You would have to prove it."
"How would I prove it."
"By doing something for me."
"Like what?"
"I don't know."  Patrick looked back at the chessboard and contemplated his next move.  "I just want to survive?"
"Why did you hate the OCA so much?"
"Why are you asking so many questions?"
"That's a fair enough question," Elijah said, "but I choose not to answer it.  Why do you hate the OCA so much?"
"I don't really hate it, I guess.  It was not really my idea to join you know, service is mandatory."
"The OCA took part of your life away."
"Yes.  That is exactly right.  I'll always hate them for that."
Elijah made a move, and was waiting for Patrick make a move.  "So, you had something you gave up to be in the OCA."
"Yes."
Elijah turned and pulled out a piece of paper and a pencil out of a drawer and set it in front of Patrick.  "Who was she?"
Patrick froze in place.  Elijah could sense that Patrick's breathing paused a moment. 
"Is any of this any of your business?" Patrick asked.
"Yes.  Go on.  Give me her name and address."
"Why?"
"Because we are friends."
"How do I know you won't hold her hostage?"
"For what?  So I can have your backpack?"
Patrick stared at Elijah.   Elijah didn't flinch.  Patrick wrote on the paper.
Elijah looked at the paper.  He shook his head.  "You know, I'm trying to be serious here, right?"
"What?"
"Schmickle?"
"Schmickle is a real name."
"Yea, but 'Bella Schmickle' from Wapakoneta?"
"That's about like Joe Schmo from Kokomo."
"Hey, you can't make stuff like that up.  Neil Armstrong was from Wapak, you know.  It's a real town."
Elijah figured now would be a good time to change the subject.  "Patrick, you are a spy here now.  Don't say anything to anyone about it."
"I. . .I. . .I am?"
"I can say it again, if you like.  Patrick, you are now a spy, working for Crawfordton."
 

Chapter 22
Ayanna left school.  Mike was following her.
"I want to see if I can get a job at your farm," Mike said.
"They don't need anybody else."
"Sure they do."
"Sure they don't.  You can't follow me."
"We're just talking."
"No we're not."   Ayanna stopped.  "You can't follow me anymore.  Go home, Mike."
"Fine.  I'm one of your best friends, you know."
"Okay.  I'll see you at school tomorrow."
When Ayanna got to the Farm, she noticed something. . . someone was missing.  The prop farmer was not outside faux farming.  Hmm. . .Wonder where he went?
Ayanna went inside and found Elijah with the new guy.
"Where's the farmer?" Ayanna asked, almost making a game out of it.
"There's no farmer out there," Elijah said.  Then he said, "Pat, this is Ayanna.  She is an associate of mine.  Ayanna, Pat is here to join our team.  He says he is very good at chess.  Please play him."
"Why do you want me to beat a girl in chess?" Patrick said.
"Oh, I don't.  I want you to lose."
"What!?  Why is that?"
"Because you are too arrogant.   Not only is your arrogance a threat to your own safety, its rather distasteful."
Pat sat down in a huff.  They started to play.  Ayanna was content to trade pieces.  They kept swapping casualties until neither one had very many left.  Finally, Patrick put a checkmate on Ayanna with his two rooks.  "I told you I would win."
Elijah said, "Yes you won, but look how many of your pieces you gave up."
Patrick said, "She is pretty good, for a girl."
Now let's go for some physical training.  They went out to the shed.  An old beat up United Nations straight truck was stashed out there, but there was still plenty of room for training.
Elijah squared off with Patrick in a casual stance.  "Hit me, Pat."
"I can't hit you, Elijah.  I'll kill you."
"Put me out of my misery. . .Patty."
"Oh no no.  I hate that name.  But you are just doing that."
"Come on, Patty cake, knock me on my ass if it is so easy."
"I don't want to."
"Do I have to make you want to hit me?  Come on, Patty, this is just training."
"Okay then.  You asked for it."  
Patrick took a swing which Elijah easily deflected with a hard block.
"Ow!  My arm!"
Then Pat tried to hit him with his other arm and it was blocked in the same manner.  In frustration, Pat threw a few more easily to read roundhouse punches that were blocked without using very much effort or creativity.
Elijah said.  "Pat, you might be the best chess player here, but you are the worst fighter, for sure."
"What?!  Are you saying I can't beat Ayanna?  What did I ever do to you?!"
"Be my guest," Elijah said.  "Full contact, Patty versus Ayanna, Go!"
"Fine!" Pat said.
He walked up to Ayanna with his arms forward as if to grab her.   She used Elijah's hard block tactic on both arms at the same time then gave him a full-on punch in the gut.
"Ooof!"  A rush of air came out of Patrick.   He backed up to get his breath.  In frustration, he attempted to kick her.
She pulled her elbow in to protect her side, then used the coiled arm to unleash a vicious punch to Patrick's wide open crotch.  Patrick doubled down in reaction to the punch.  Then Ayanna was poised to throw an uppercut to Patrick's vulnerable face with the other hand.
"Stop!" Elijah said.  "Getting kind of personal there, Ayanna."
"I intend to win any fight, Elijah."
"Son of a . . ." Patrick could not get his breath.  He was walking off the pain.  "I'm starting to think you guys don't like me."
Elijah said, "We don't really know you that well, Pat.  But I told you we are friends.  Just be glad we are on the same team."
Patrick continued to walk off the ache.  Doubling over occasionally.  "She is good."
"You will be too,"  Elijah said.  "We'll work on it every day.  I expect you to be better than either one of us."

Phil saw Sophia outside dumping some water.  "Sophia."
"Hi Phil.  I hear you are not at the Academy anymore."
"Yea, that's right, I was asked to leave by Major Anderson."
"What?  That's terrible!  I never did like the creepy little man much."
Phil said, "We worked together to build that Academy, but he didn't see fit to have me help run it."
Sophia shook her head in disgust.
Phil said, "They are going to get a new Commandant, so you can still continue to send the boys over there.  If it doesn't work out, I'll keep my promise to you, and train them on whatever they need."
"Oh thank you so much, Phil.  I can always count on you."
 Every day Ayanna got home she was limping or showed signs of pain from bruises she got from fighting.  Amy was getting upset that the Farm was working her so hard.
They were eating some soybean pancakes when Amy said, "Ayanna, what are you doing over there that they are killing you?"
"I'm working, Amy.  Farm work is hard."
"Well you are working too hard.  I'm going to go over there and find out what is going on."
"I'll take care of it," Phil said.  No one is going to exploit any daughter of mine.
Ayanna snuck a quick glance at Phil as he overacted.  She knew in spite of such big talk, he would do no such thing.  It was nice that he called her "daughter" though.

 

Chapter 23
One Week Later

Every day the training continued.  Ayanna was getting used to being with Patrick, although they had nothing in common.
Elijah called a staff meeting.  Ethan sat at the kitchen table with Ayanna and Patrick.  Also the phantom farmer was sitting there.  The farmer had an unusual look about him.  His face was as curious as his frumpy body.  
Elijah said,  " This is our associate, 'Mr. La Rata'.  Rata has been gone on an important mission.  My concern here is secrecy.  We can't allow ourselves to become known by our enemies or it would mean certain disaster.
Elijah said, "I want to take a moment right now to better define what our roles are here.  We are all in charge of taking care of, and defending  the house, including a new member I am going to introduce in a few minutes.  We are all field agents, meaning we go out to gather information.  We are all analysts, meaning we take the information and determine what is the intent of our enemies.  Any questions?"
They all looked at each other.  Elijah nodded to La Rata, who got up and left the room. He came back a couple of minutes later with Bella Schmickle.
"Bella!"  Patrick jumped out of his chair.  "You're. . .You're here!  I can't believe it!"  Patrick ran over to embrace her.
Bella said, "Rata said I had to come here.  You needed me desperately."
"What did you tell your sister?"
"I just left a note that I was leaving."
"So, you are going to stay?"
"Patrick, I want to be with you forever."  He held her close.  "Thank you, Elijah."
Rata said, "Hey! Hey! Hey! I went all the way over there and got her and brought her back.  Show me some love here."
Patrick said, "Thank you Rata!  You are the greatest."
Bella said, "Yes, thank you Rata.  Sorry I gave you so much trouble."
"No problem."
Elijah said, "Patrick, will you stay here with all of your friends?"
"Yes sir.  You are definitely our friends.  We want to stay here, right, Bella?"
"Where else would we go?"
Elijah said, "Bella, your job is to keep house here."
"Okay.  I'll do a good job."
"Bella, if you will excuse us, we have a meeting to conduct here.  Please go outside whenever we have a meeting.  Also, please never go into the shed."
"Okay."  She had a look of disappointment in the restrictions and went outside.
Patrick asked, "Why can't she stay?"
"Because of that!"  Elijah pointed at Patrick.  "You will fight for her and she will fight for you.  We aren't having that boyfriend/girlfriend drama here.  Trust me, you won't want her in these meetings any more than I would want my wife here.  That's the final word on that topic.  Patrick, you are Rata's hired hand.  He got out of the scavenging business and bought this farm in order to help us.  He is a true patriot."
He looked at Ayanna,  "Ayanna is part-time help here on the farm, and I am a visitor, Rata's friend.   Rata may have some other friends coming here from time to time.  Everyone got it?"
They all nodded in agreement.
Elijah said, "All right.  We have some more business.  Tomorrow night, everyone bring an extra set of black clothes. Let's keep them here.  Anyway, one of the big concerns we have right now is the Hexmen.  We don't know much about them."
Ayanna's ears perked up as it was her pet topic that was being discussed.
 Elijah said, "A Hexman mob is not the kind of place we can infiltrate like Delburg or something like that.  So what we need to do is capture one of them and bring them back here for interrogation.  Our front person on this one has to be Rata.  Ayanna, I don't want you anywhere near them since some of them have seen you already, and I'm pretty sure they don't like you.  But I want you to help sniff them out with your hyperosmic senses."
"My what?!"  Ayanna said.  "I need to know what it is before I can use it."
"Yea, it seems that you have an abnormally acute sense of smell,  at least for sniffing out some things, like filthy Hexmen.  Tell your folks you will have to work late tomorrow night.  You will not go anywhere beyond the point of finding their trail.  Once you're done, come here immediately and report, then go directly home.  Right, Arrow Girl?"
"Got it, but won't it take all week to figure out where they are?"
"Don't worry about that right now.  We know the general area, but we didn't want to get too close and spook them off until we are ready."
"Okay."
 "Rata will lure a Hexperson out of the camp and Patrick will help bring them back.  Alive, please.  Oh yea, one more thing."  Elijah pulled out a Benjamin Franklin silver half-dollar for each of them at the table.  Here's your two-week's pay."
Ayanna stared at the cash.  Amazed that she was getting big money for having so much fun.

Ayanna had her bag of black clothes with her on the way to the Farm.  "Dang it!"  That freaking Mike Hendricks was always stalking her!  If he used those skills that effectively at the Farm he would get hired in a heartbeat.
"Hi Angela. . .I mean, Ayanna."
"Hi, Mike.  Hey, you know, I'm kind of busy right now.  You don't mind, right?"
"You sure are busy a lot.  Where are you going?"
"The same place I'm always going, Mike, to work."
"Did you ask if I could work there yet?"
"Oh, I forgot.  I'll get back with you tomorrow on it.  You better get away now, so I don't get fired."
"Why?"
"The boss says he doesn't want any of that boyfriend/girlfriend drama, you know. . .not that we are, you know. . .anything like that.  Okay Mike, see 'ya around."
Mike had a bewildered look on his face.  "Okay, See ya."
Ayanna arrived at the farmhouse.  Rata and Patrick were already dressed in black.  
Rata said, "Go in the bathroom and change."
After she came out, Elijah was sitting at the table.  There were three pistols on the table with holsters.  Here is one for each of you.  Ayanna, you take the .22.
Ayanna recognized it from her practice.  It was no trouble to carry or shoot.  
"Okay team, report to the shed," Rata said.
They went out to the shed.  Inside was Ethan Mentzer and three of the other Scouts mounted on their horses.
"Ever ride a horse before?" Ethan said to Ayanna.
She was speechless, she shook her head, bedazzled by his dashing cowboy image and his long blonde hair.
"Here, put your foot here, and I'll help you up."
She mounted the horse effortlessly with Ethan's help.  Ethan was so strong. This was the coolest thing ever.
"Put your arms around me so you don't fall off."
Rata immediately gravitated toward the lone female rider.  She gave him nominal help, and struggled to get on, and the horse did not like it, but the horse was well trained and only twitched and danced around some.  Once on the horse, Rata snuggled up with his rider.  She arched her back  a little, trying to make Rata give her some space.  Her wiggling only encouraged him.
Patrick also got on a horse with another rider without much trouble.
Elijah opened the large door and the horsemen went out northward up Harris Road.
 

Chapter 24
The scouts took the team toward Shanesville, then west down an Armistead County Road.  They arrived at an abandoned house. Ayanna felt stiff and bow-legged after she dismounted the horse, but didn't want Ethan to see her struggling so awkwardly.  The others were also not used to riding and suffered from the same effects.
Ethan told Ayanna, "You're kind of young to be involved in something like this, aren't you?"
"Yes."
"Hey!  Don't I know you?"
"Maybe."
Ethan waited for some kind of elaboration by Ayanna, but she didn't add anything.  "Anyhow, a couple of farms out here got raided.  Conventional wisdom says they are out in this area immediate area someplace.  You people are on your own to do your thing from here."
"We'll be back, man," Rata said.  "Thanks for the ride."
"We're not planning on going anywhere too soon,"  Ethan said.
The three were dressed in black, but it would not be dark for hours.  
Ayanna was trying to mentally deal with the fact that she had some kind of special olfactory sense of smell.  That would not be good for her troublesome reputation if the townsfolk started saying she had some kind of mutation on top of her other weirdness.
Rata asked Ayanna, "So how does this bloodhound thing work that you got?"
"I don't know if it is really real to begin with."
Rata said, "Well I hope it works, because we don't want to get caught off-guard."
Patrick said, "I don't like this.  They may be watching us right now."
"Me either," Ayanna said, "The last time I did this was at night, and they were all over us."
Patrick said, "You've done this before?"
"Once.  Yea.  Maybe I got lucky.  We found them.  I think I could smell them."
Rata said, "They must be asleep."
"Why?" Patrick said.
"They gotta sleep sometime, right?  They always cause their problems at night, don't they?"
"You know, that does make sense," Patrick said.  "But they are still going to have a lookout.  They won't forget the battle near Shanesville, where they used their flag of truce treachery on you."
"I see you know your history," Rata said.
The trio kept walking toward a woodlot that bordered the road.  There were a lot of woodlots throughout the flat landscape.  Most were cleared for farming, so they were in neat rectangular patterns, unless they came up against a bend in the road or a meandering waterway. 
"We need to get into the woods so they can't see us," Rata said.
The woodlot was small, so they got through it in about ten minutes.  They stopped to survey the area behind the woodlot.
They could see a half-dozen other woodlots.  In order to get to any one of them they would have to cross open terrain.  But at least this time of year the open terrain was covered with high grass.
Rata said, "I think we should check out that small woods over there."
"Why?" Ayanna said.  "That is way too small to hold a big clan."
"Yea, but there is a lot of lamb's quarters growing out there on the way that we can eat for dinner.  I wish that was growing close to home.  Man, I love that stuff.  Plus its free."
Ayanna said, "There is a creek that runs into that large woodlot over there.  It looks like there is no road next to it."  Ayanna continued to focus on the distant woods.  The woodlot had its own water supply and was more secluded than most.
"Are you ready to go there?"  Rata asked.  "We can sneak up through the creek."
Ayanna continued to look intently at the woods.  She had visions of her not so distant past.  In her vision, she was looking up, and saw turkey buzzards.  The vultures were circling around her, her clan and their meal; around the carrion that the buzzards thought they should have gotten.  She watched the buzzards.  They weren't just nesting there, they were lingering; waiting for their chance at some of the carrion.  It was obvious to her that there was some sort of cannibalistic clan in that woods.  She didn't have to smell the Hexmen.  It was too easy to figure it out. 
"They may be over there.  In that large woodlot,"  Ayanna said.
"You sure?" Patrick asked.
"No."
Rata said, "Okay.  We start crawling out to that section of lamb's quarters, then we go left toward the creek, then we go up into the large woods.  If we crawl, they won't see us."
The other two nodded in approval.
Rata said, "It's a lot of crawling around.  I'll lead the way."  
They crawled single file through the grass.  Rata was cursing his way as he blazed a trail through the tall, frequently prickly weeds.  
After about an hour of the crawling, Patrick asked, "Can't we just walk over there?"
Rata answered, "Not only no, but hell no. I ain't gonna end up being barbequed by some Halloween voodoo clowns from Hell."
"Keep going!"  Ayanna emphatically whispered.
In a short time they were at the plot of lamb's quarters.  They rested on their backs, looking at the sky, while stripping handfuls of the tender leaves and shoving the handfuls into their mouths.
Rata said, "Now all we need is some salad dressing."
Ayanna said, "Salad dressing?  What's that?"
Rata said, "You take this mixture of. . .
"Shhhhhh!"  Ayanna said.
Rata said,  "Why the hell do you ask . . ."
"Shhhhhh!" Ayanna bumped Rata's ankle with her fist.  She realized that maybe it was true.  She could smell them.  The passing smell was the only way she knew the Hexmen were close.
The three all froze in place.  Rata moved around enough so he could raise up and get a peek above the top of the grass.  Rata saw a small army clad in rags, spread out and carrying an assortment of weapons.  They were walking from the large woodlot toward the woods the trio had just snuck out of.  The nearest of the clansmen were about thirty feet away.  None of the Hexmen were walking toward their present position.
Patrick and Ayanna took a quick peek at the situation.
Ayanna worried that one of them might notice the trail that they had made through the grass.  But the group of Hexmen was making plenty of paths on their own.  She also worried that she was not going to be able to leave on her own after detecting the Hexmen, at least not now.  She also realized that If Rata would not have seen the lamb's quarters, they would have been in the direct path of the Hexman advance.
Rata started crawling double time through the vegetation, continuing on their original path.  The others followed.  When they got up to the creek, Rata took a look at the barely moving, slimy algae covered stagnant creek water.  He made a face.  "Patrick, let's go.  'Yanna, find a safe way to get back to the horses, or home.  Nothing is worth going into that damn swamp.  Don't get caught.  I'm serious."
"Okay," Ayanna said.
Rata stood up, then Patrick slowly stood up.  They walked along side of the creek toward the large woods.  Rata awkwardly moved as fast as possible.  Patrick easily kept up.  Rata kept looking at the Hexmen, hoping none of them would turn around.  So far, so good.  The Hexmen were all keenly focused on the woods they were approaching.  Rata and Patrick made it into the cover of the large woods.
 The pair walked around freely in the woods.  There was no one around.  They walked for a few minutes.  Then suddenly Rata stopped.  "Oh hell no!"  He saw the human bone pile that the Hexmen had accumulated, at least since being in that location.  It was apparent that the remains were still relatively fresh.  The stench was horrible.
"Don't look!" Rata told Patrick, while he was getting sick.
"At what?  Awww. . .Crap!"
Rata bent over and was coughing and spitting.  Then dry heaving.  
Patrick said, "You want to know something weird?  There aren't any women around here.  Where are their women?"
Rata thought about it.  "Hey, you're right.  Where are they?"
Patrick said, "Bloody Hell!  God!"  He saw several women's heads cast off into the undergrowth of trees.
Rata said, "Hey!  What is this, their damn pantry?"  Rata pointed out three people who were tied up and gagged.  "And one of them is a Hexman.  Looks like our job is done here."  
Patrick said, "Does this one count?"
Rata said, "Why not?"  He started to cut another man and a woman free.  "That Hexman obviously does not play well with his old pals.  Maybe he has a good story to tell."
"Oh thank you!" the non-Hex man said holding Rata's arm.  He was stretching his muscles and joints.  "I thought we were goners, for sure."
 Rata freed the woman. She was just laying there, disconnected from her surroundings.  
"Come on, Beth!" the man said.  "We gotta get out of here!"
The woman just moaned and groaned.  
"Here," Patrick said, offering Beth a drink of water.
She took in some and started to breathe heavily.  Then turned her head back to the container for more water.  Rata and Patrick helped her up.
Rata cut the ropes that were holding the restrained Hexman's feet together.  He left the gag in his mouth and his hands tied.
Patrick said, "They are coming back!  I can see them through the trees!  They are almost into the woods!"
Rata said, "Don't worry, let's go out of the woods the other way."  Then he said to their captive Hexman, "Get up, damn it!  You want to stay here and be the next thing on the menu?!"
Patrick said, "What about those people?!"
Rata said, "They're gonna die."
The captured Hexman saw that it was in his own self-interest to get away.  So he was cooperating nicely.  Rata found a fairly large diameter tree trunk that had fallen over the creek.  He pushed the Hexman on it.  "Move! Go!"  The Hexman ran across the trunk with his hands behind his back.  Rata made it over the trunk and so did Patrick.
Patrick looked back.  The man was trying to help Beth on top of the tree trunk.  She was disoriented and not gaining any ground.  "Come on! Leave her!"  Patrick yelled.
"No stupid!  You run, damn it!" Rata screamed at Patrick.
Patrick ran behind Rata, who was slow to begin with.  Patrick looked back once more.  Beth was on the log with the man holding her up.
Zip.  Zip. . .Zip.  Arrows were going into the man's back   
Patrick finally realized that the couple were a lost cause.  he turned away and started running full speed.  He went around Rata, and then the captive.  In the distance he telephone poles running in a line, indicating that there was likely a road out there that could not be seen because of the tall grass.  He went straight across the field toward it.  
Rata was huffing and puffing behind the captive, but still kept going.
Gunshots were heard at their backs.  This helped propel Rata, motivating him to dig deeper for more.
Patrick looked back.  The Hexmen were swarming out of the large woodlot.  It was clear they were not going to give up, no matter what.  He stopped and took a couple of shots at the closest Hexmen who were at long range.  The shots missed, but it gave Rata and the captive a chance to catch up.
The captive was struggling.  He looked like he was in pretty good shape, but he was greatly fatigued from running such a distance with his hands behind his back.  Then he lost his balance and fell over.
"Son of a bitch!  Get the . . ." Rata needed oxygen and couldn't say any more, but he stopped to help the captive up, and they resumed running.  
An arrow came flying between Rata and the prisoner.  Rata turned and shot at the archer who was only twenty yards back. The shot went through the Hexman's arm, and he went down.  Rata wanted to turn back and capture him also, but there was no time.  The rest  were still coming, but only a few good runners were closing in.
Finally they were getting close to the road.  Patrick looked back.  Rata was getting ready to shoot their captured Hexman in the head.  That meant Rata was ready to give up.
Patrick said, "Hey!  Come on you little Mexican wimp!  You want to die like a dog out here?  Get your sad brown ass in gear!"
"What?!"  Rata pulled down the gun and with renewed resolve told the prisoner, "Let's go!"
Patrick risked his own life by stopping.  He stayed there and shot at the Hexmen.  He emptied his clip.  He hit one of them and the rest stopped.  Rata and their captive was now at long range.
Patrick waited for them to catch up.  He yelled again, "Hurry up!  There's a woods up the road!"
"AAAAgh!"  Rata had to run some more.  The captive was doing horribly.  The prisoner could barely keep from doubling over in pain.
If they turned and ran up on the road, they could move a lot faster, but the Hexmen would be able to cut them off and catch up.
"No," Rata said. "We gotta run straight!"
It was another mile to the next woodlot, if they went straight.
Patrick said, "Okay, we'll lose them in the woods!"  
 "We can't.  They'll surround the woods and get to us.  There are too many of them."
"You'll never make it!"
Rata said, "That way!" pointing toward the same direction they had been running.  
"Give me the prisoner!"  Patrick helped him over the ditch next to the road then over the ditch on the other side of the road and they resumed running.
A few of the Hexmen had caught up during their conversation.
Patrick said, "I got plenty of ammo.  Run."
Rata ran with the prisoner again.  
Patrick hopped into the ditch for cover.  He began to fire.  Now the Hexmen were stopped dead in their tracks.  They dropped to the ground for cover.  Patrick shot a Hexman who tried to get into the ditch on the other side of the road.  He knew he couldn't allow them to take cover in the opposite ditch, or he would be pinned down.  The wounded Hexman fell into the ditch head first.  Rata and the captive were soon at extra long firing range.  
Patrick employed the tactic of dropping down and appearing in various positions to take a quick shot.  There were a lot of Hexmen accumulating at far range.  Some were starting to do a flanking maneuver, which could be Patrick's undoing if he stayed too long.  
One of the Hexmen commanded, "Chaaarge!"   They were coming in force.  As one of his adversaries hopped into the ditch, Patrick hopped out.
The Hexman tracked Patrick directly in the back with the iron sights of his gun in short range and fired, but the slender young man ran behind a telephone pole and was mostly covered behind it.  The telephone pole was hit. . . and hit again.
Patrick was feeling in his training zone.  He reached out from behind the telephone pole and touched the Hexman in the face.  Then Patrick resumed running in a partial zigzag pattern, after Rata and their captive, who should have been a lot farther ahead, but at least caught some of their wind back.
Some of the Hexmen jumped into one ditch or the other and some ran past the ditches.  In desperation, Patrick pointed his pistol behind his back while on the run and sprayed some random shots.  This tactic caused all of them to pause.  None of them wanted to be "that Hexman".
Patrick resumed zigzagging and was starting to get away again.  He caught up to Rata and their prisoner.
The woods was about a "klick", or about 1000 meters away.  The Hexmen were about a half a click back.   It seemed like the closer they got to their destination, the slower Rata became.  
"Come on!  Hoof it out!" Patrick said.
The trio was soon into the next woodlot.  There was no sign of any humans.
"Crap!" Rata said.  "I'm dying here."
"We gotta keep going," Patrick said, they're still coming.
"I don't know," Rata said, "maybe you better go on with the prisoner.  I can stall them."
"No way.  I need you.  We're almost there."
"I might be jeopardizing the whole mission," Rata said.  "Where the hell are we, anyhow?"
"I don't know.  I thought you knew."
"Dude, I'm from Detroit, not from Hexhell damn voodoo land!"
"Let's go!  We gotta move!" Patrick said.
The Hexman captive was wheezing.
Rata said, "Man, no lie, that dude is gonna keel."
"Then he keels!  Come on!"
Rata pushed the Hexman to get running again.  They went straight through the woods.
"Get going!" Patrick said to them as they were casually moving, "I'm gonna slow them down again for you.  This time don't screw around!"
Patrick saw some of them start to flank the woods.  But there were some coming into the woods.  He couldn't stay there for long.  He positioned himself behind a large tree and found an unsuspecting target slowing advancing trying not to make any noise.  With a single shot he dropped the Hexman.
Patrick wanted to avoid drawing  anyone to his location if possible, so he moved laterally to keep the Hexmen guessing.
BAM!  Two-for-two.  He moved again.  He thought it prudential to try and catch up to Rata.
On the other side of the woods, they came to the back yards of a modern country housing development.  The front of the houses were on another county road.  It looked like all of the beautiful brick homes were abandoned.  There was no reason to think anyone would be remain so close to the Hexmen.
"Hey!"
Patrick thought he heard something.
"Hey!"
He did hear something.
"Down here, dummy!  Under the deck!"
A wood deck was at the back door of one of the houses  Rata held out a piece of cheap looking lattice work that he broken into under the side of  the deck.  "Quick!"
Patrick hustled to get under the deck.  Rata set the lattice work back in its original position.  It was dark and full of cobwebs under the deck but they had a panoramic view of everything that went on in the area, yet they could not be seen from the outside.  It was a welcome place to recuperate.


 

Chapter 25
Crawfordton
The woman scout dropped Ayanna back at the Farm.  Ayanna gave Elijah a cursory report of what she knew and changed her clothes, then hurried home.  It was not much later than usual.  Ayanna was home in time to have some rabbit stew.
Amy said, "You sure get into your work."  She started going through her hair.  "Where did you get all of these burrs in your hair?"
"The brush."
"Brush?  Out on the farm?"
"If you go over there you won't see any now," Ayanna said.
"I hope they're paying you well,"  Amy said.
"I got a half-dollar today."
"A half dollar!  That does sound like a lot.  For working on the farm?"
"Well, it is for two weeks of work."
"That's it?" Amy asked.  "What are you doing over there?"
Phil thought he had better help Ayanna out.  He patted Amy on the rear, "If you want to make an easy half-dollar, Babe, I can work out a deal with you."
Amy blushed, and glanced at Ayanna.  "Hush, Phil.  No talking like that."
Ayanna was exhausted after that day.  She went to bed early, but couldn't stop thinking about Patrick and Rata.

Patrick and Rata walked all night and all morning the next day with their prisoner, but they did not stop at the house, nor Shanesville.  They went directly to the Farm.
Patrick took the Hexman out to the shed while Rata went into the house to get Elijah.  Bella was doing some cleaning in the house. 
Rata told Bella, "Hey, I like what you've done to the place.  I can actually see out the windows."
"Thanks, Rata."
Elijah came down the stairs.
Rata told Elijah, "The package is in the shed."
"Very good!  Did you have any trouble?"
"Yes."
"Anyway, I knew you would come through.  Good work."
"It's what I do.  Patrick was very helpful."
Rata said, "You know, Bella, that man of yours is a very good worker."
Bella said, "You guys worked way too late."
Rata said, "That's no lie.  I'm planning on sleeping all day.  Would you excuse us a minute, Bella.   We've got business."
"Sure."  She left the room."
Rata said, "This Hexman we got was already a prisoner of the Hexmen.  I think they were going to have him for dinner."
"That's very interesting," Elijah said.  "Anything else?"
"Not really."
Elijah said, "Go ahead then.  Ayanna and I can take it from here."
"You can?"
"More than likely," Elijah said.  
He went out into the shed.  "Looks like we got a real live Hexman here."  Elijah inspected the tattoo on the Hexman's face.   "Tell ya what, Hexie, I' m going to go ahead and put this handcuff on one of your hands here and the other one to the steering wheel of this riding mower.  Now, you can either sit down or stand up. You can even lay down on the floor.  If you do anything to abuse your privileges, we will take privileges away, up and including. . . well, I'll let you use your own imagination.  Do we understand each other?"
The prisoner nodded yes.  He sat on the mower seat.
Elijah said, "Okay, I am going to remove the gag here so you can talk.  In fact, I encourage it.  If you scream, no one will hear you, except for me, and I don't want to hear it.  So if you scream, I will put the gag back on plus take away a privilege.  Got it?"
The Hexman nodded in the affirmative.
"Patrick, we're good here.  Go ahead and get some rest.  You are done for the day.  Thank you.  Good work."
Patrick went inside.
Elijah looked at the Hexman.  "What's your name?"
"Why should I tell you?"
"Why wouldn't you?  I don't really care what your name is.  I can call you 'Garbage' if you want."
"John. . . "
"All right John, you got a last name?"
"Smith"
"That's very original, John.  Tell me, what does the three hexes tattooed on your cheek mean?"  The hex tattoos were interlocking on his face, like a bee hive.
John said, "You tell me.  What do you think they mean."
"I think they identify you as part of a clan.  I think the more hexes you have, the more prestige you have within the clan.  Am I close, John?"
"Maybe."
"John, the only problem with this scenario is that you have 3 hexes on your face, an important Hexguy,  but for some reason you are quite expendable.  I hear you were only held in high esteem as the next meal.  What's up with that?"
"Because I was quitting the Order.  They won't let you quit."
"The 'Order'?"  Elijah thought that sure was a high minded name for a bunch of cannibalistic murderers.  We call you 'Hexmen', or just 'Hexpukes".
"We don't go by Hexmen."
"So, you were quitting the Clan, huh?  Why didn't you leave?"
"Where can I go?  I got  the Hex tattoos, you know."
"Yes.  That could be a problem.  For you to find a new meal ticket.  We never told you to go get hex tattoos or join the Hexmen.  This ain't like before, when cops had to prove everything, or you get to walk.  You think you can go call a lawyer now, and he can get you off for some figment of a reason?  I couldn't give a crap less about your freedom of expression,  or any other excuses for not being responsible.  As far as I am concerned, you have to prove you are trustworthy, otherwise, I have no real need to do anything other than leave you here forever.  Got it?"
"You think you are a cop?"
"Let's just say you and I have a 'special relationship'."
"What do you want from me?!"
"I want to know everything about your little social club."
"You would never understand it.  Besides, how do I know you won't shoot me when you are done with me."
"You don't, but how do you know I won't shoot you in the next minute?  In fact, I might.  If I were you, I'd start explaining why I shouldn't."
"I got friends!  They will come here and find me and kill all of you!  They don't like it when we are gone."
"Why do they want you back so bad?  They hungry?  You weren't quitting the Order, that is a lie.  This is getting nowhere, I'll be back in a few hours."
"Okay, If I tell you something, will you listen?"
"I'll listen, but I may not agree or believe you."
"I am not part of the Order.  I was trying to get out."
"Lie again."
"I was not part of that Order.  As far as I am concerned, Patrick and Rata saved me.  I have nothing to lose now.  You will kill me, they will kill me.  Somebody is going to kill me."
"Sounds like we just went in a big circle with this discussion.  Explain."
"At first we did eat humans, but we didn't kill them.  They were already dead.  We don't believe there is anything wrong with it.  Then they started killing the dying, then the sick, then people who were not as useful."
"Like older people and children?"
"Yes. . . But all of us did not know this was going on!"
Elijah said, "Now ya'll go around openly killing people for food!"
"They do.  Not me.  I fought against it, then I was captured.  That is why I became chosen for butchering.  Not everyone agrees with the killing.  That is why there are two main tribes."
"You mean there are more groups?"
"There are numerous tribes.  Any marauder group not affiliated with the Order are attacked by the Order.  Some tribes in the Order  think it is okay to kill and butcher their own members and other don't. The tribe I was in declared war on another tribe who slowly killed off all of their own women and children.  . .For food.  I was captured so I was to be butchered."
"So, these groups are declining in population?"
"No.  More people are getting accustomed to the idea of self-culling, and are joining."
Elijah said, "So you were just minding your own business, killing and eating people until someone captured you, harshing your mellow."
"You think you are better than us!?"
"I have better eating habits than you, so yes."
"We didn't have any food!  People were dying!"
"And I really don't have a problem with that.  The rest of us were out here working our butts off for a little bit of beans to eat.  Remember that?  Vegetables?"
"The quality of the non-essential personnel's life was horrible.  They helped others go on."
  You can't make this evil from Hell sound any better than what it really is, so don't even try.  Let's talk about something else.  Why the hex symbol?
"The Hexmen leader, Citizen One, was badly burned in a fire.  When the building he was in collapsed, a resin hexplate walkway fell on him, leaving a permanent hex grid tattoo over the entire side of his face.  A lot of people look up to Citizen One so they want to look like him."
"Where is this Citizen One?"
"Somewhere west of Shanesville.  Maybe in Indiana."
"What would happen if he died?"
"I don't think very much.  The tribes operate independently." 
"What would it take to get rid of the Hex. . .The Order?"
"Put things back the way they were before the trouble.  I know that is not going to happen, so we are here to stay."
"Yea, well things will never go back when there are those like you creating anarchy in the countryside."
 

Chapter 26
After the initial interrogation, Elijah went to the kitchen.  Ayanna was there doing some schoolwork.
"Homework, huh?" Elijah asked rhetorically.
"Yea, I thought it might be good if I did some once in awhile.  Amy has been getting on me about it.  How's Mitchell Raymond doing?"
"Pretty well, he's a little small for his age though.  At least that's what the Doctor says."
"That's good.  I need to stop in and see him."
Elijah was looking around to make sure Bella didn't get any more information than necessary.  "Listen.  I think I got some information out of our guest.  I want you to go in there and play 'good cop' now, see what you can find out.  I pretty well got the 'bad cop' part covered without hardly trying."
"What's 'good cop'?"
"You know, be his friend.  Have him tell you things he would only tell to his friend."
"Isn't that dishonest?"
"Why would it be?  Do you hate the guy?'
"No.  Not really."
"All right then.  Even this kind of work is all part of war.  Do you think you should go in there and say, 'Hey, never mind that I am a little girl, but I am super smart and want to know your secrets?"
"Okay.  Got it."  Ayanna got up from the table and went over to the drawer and got the chessboard.
Elijah chuckled, "Where did you learn that?"
"It works."
Ayanna balanced the chessboard and all of the pieces out to the shed.  The Hexman was there sitting on the seat of the riding mower with his head in his hands.
"Hi, John."
He didn't speak.
Ayanna set up the chessboard on top of the mower.  She was leaning over the front of the mower while she set up the pieces.  "You play chess?"
"A little.  I'm not real good."
"I thought you might be a little bored.  I'm just learning."
"Who are you anyway?" John asked.
"I work here.  Go ahead and move."
Ayanna purposely left her rook open to capture, but the guy didn't see it.  He must not be that sharp.  She said, "Why are you here, locked up to the mower?"
"The older black guy thinks I am trouble."
"Really?  I don't know why he would think that.  You seem really nice to me.  Did you do something?"
"No.  I was captured, going to be killed. . .and eaten.  Then they bring me here and I am locked up.  Can you unlock me?"
"Sorry, I don't have a key."  The chess play continued.  Ayanna was waiting on John to move.  "I'll be right back."
Ayanna knew that John was the enemy.  But she also felt that thoughts of her own past was another enemy that she would have to overcome during the interview.
She came back with a glass of water for John and some squirrel jerky.
"Thank you.  That is very nice," John said.  He immediately started eating the treat, and washing the salt down with the water.
"Do you have any kids?"
"No. . .Not anymore."  John made his chess move.
Ayanna looked at the move.  It was too bad to ignore.  She had to take his knight just in case he was testing her.  
John said, "I had a wife, and two children.  A gang came and killed them.  I ran away."  John hung his head in sorrow and shame.
"Sorry, John.  Then what did you do?"
"I joined the Order."
"The Hexmen?"
"Yes.  They  promised to get revenge on the gang who killed my family.  We killed every single one of them."
Ayanna thought this was going to be the key question in the whole discussion and had to handle it appropriately.  "Wasn't you afraid to go fight with the Hexmen and kill that gang?'
"No.  We had a lot more people on our side.  We were also better fighters.  They gave us all training.  Once you were considered a trained warrior, you got your second tattoo.  I got my third tattoo after the battle.  Our Tribe was the good guys.  We killed bad guys."
"Were the Hexmen nice to you?"
"We were like brothers, but after I got captured the Chief will think I am against him, and he will try to kill me."
"The Chief is not nice?"
"The Chief is always threatening to kill us if we don't do what he says."
"Maybe you could talk it over with them.  You know, like in court or something."
"It doesn't work like that."
"If the Chief would let people go, would they leave?"
"I know I would have, and so would a lot of others." 
"Ayanna said.  "So what do you want to do now?"
"I don't know.  I can't go back.  They will get me.  I guess I have to run away, far away.  Can we play this another time?  I'm pretty tired.  I can't sleep well with my back on this mower deck."
Ayanna went back into the house.  Elijah was in the living room laying on the couch.
"I think we need to let him go," Ayanna said.
"Let him go?  If it was coming from someone else, I'd say that sounds plumb dumb."
"No.  There isn't much more to know.  I did find out if we take out the Tribal Chiefs a lot of the warriors will run off."
"Really?"
"I'm sure of it."
"Here's what you do.  You found the key while I was taking a nap and let him go.  But let's do it tomorrow, and I can have the boys follow him."  
 

Chapter 27
The next morning Ayanna went into the radio room to say goodbye to Phil.
"Ayanna, would you mind taking this message over to Elijah?"
"K."
"You can look at it."

The Ohio Confederation has expanded to now include almost all of free Ohio, after some new mergers with other groups.  Rogue towns like Delburg were still pending further action.
Anti-Axis Insurgents in the Toledo to Sandusky area were able to drive Axis forces back to Cleveland.  
Hawaii has been invaded by China.  Sources suggest a battle was fought with the Hawaiian Navy, which Hawaii inherited from the United States.
Dakota has formed an independent State.  May seek union with Canada.
Arizonans and New Mexicans are fighting back against the Chinese and their Latin American Allies.

Ayanna shrugged her shoulders.
Phil said, "None of that may seem like a big deal to you, but you have to look at the big picture and think about how little things can affect you in the future."
"Okay, Phil.  I'll give him the message after school."  Ayanna was just more concerned about whether or not Mike Hendricks would see her and follow her around again.
On the way to school she saw Mike Hendricks, who did not see her.  Mike was walking with Tabatha Collins.  Tabatha saw Ayanna.  She leaned toward Mike's ear while looking at Ayanna and was saying something.  Mike turned and looked at Ayanna and looked away.  Tabatha started giggling.
Ayanna wanted to go over and confront her about being catty, but it would just end predictably with Tabatha denying it and Ayanna acting like she was interested in Mike.  Ayanna did a self-examination.  Did she really like Mike?  Well not in that way, but she did have to admit to herself that she liked being liked.
In school, Ayanna tried to stay as far away as possible from Mike and Tabatha, who were always together.  Evidently Mike found a girl who liked to stalk as much as he did.  Instead of being involved in petty drama, Ayanna preferred to focus on learning something that could end up making her life better in the future.
After school she went to the farm.  She went into the farmhouse and found Elijah.
"It's all set," Elijah said.  "Here's the key to the handcuffs."   The boys are ready to go.
Ayanna took the key to the shed.  John was sleeping in an unnatural position on the mower seat.
"John!" Ayanna said.
"Huh?"
"I got the key.  I'm letting you go,"
"Oh, thank you."
She popped the lock.  "Oh man, you don't know how much I appreciate this."  He rubbed his red, irritated wrist. 
"Go John!  I'm going to be in a lot of trouble for this, and I won't get another chance!"
John the Hexman slipped out the door and started looking around.  He came back in.  "Which way is south?"
Ayanna had to think about where north was and then pointed south.
John went back out the door and started heading into Crawfordton.
Elijah, Rata, and Patrick were in the house looking out an upstairs  window.  
"He's going the wrong way," Patrick said.
Rata said, "Yea.  I was just thinking that.  Shouldn't he be going the other way?"
Elijah said, "You guys keep an eye on him.  Make absolutely sure he does not see either of you."
John had almost disappeared out of sight after he went past Fort Wilcox.  
"Okay.  We're on it," Rata said.
Ayanna came into the house. 
"Did he say where he was going?" Elijah asked.
"South," Ayanna said.
"It could be a trick," Elijah said.
Ayanna said, "I don't think so.  He doesn't want anything to do with the Hexmen anymore.  He is going to try and start his life over someplace else."
Elijah said, "So you think a lot of their members think the same way?"
Ayanna said, "I do."
Elijah said, "You guys follow him awhile and make sure he is not just doubling back to trick us.  I don't want him giving the Hexmen intel about us.  But if he continues south, just come back."
"All right," Rata said.
Patrick and Rata watched John from a distance.  John wasn't stopping to talk to anyone.  He went south down Harris Road.  
They watched John from about a half mile away.  Patrick told Rata,  "Watch, he'll have to turn either east or west up here because of the Lake."     
John turned east.
Rata said, "He's not going to Delburg."
"Nope.  Let's watch him.  If he goes past the next side road without turning north, he is not doubling back."
John went to the next side road and turned south.
Rata said, "For real man, he is going south.  He is leaving the area.  That's all we need to know."
"Good riddance," Patrick said.
"Hey man, anyone can change, you know."
"He can do his changing someplace else."
 
Phil Crawford was outside cutting some wood.  He saw a man coming up the driveway.    Two Guardsmen stopped the man.  One of the Guardsmen went over to Phil.
"Phil, the new Captain of the garrison is here to visit with you."
"Thank you.  I'll go talk to him."  
"Phil Crawford?"
"Yes."
"I'm Captain Frank Durand, the new commander of Fort Wilcox."
"Nice to meet you Captain."
"Likewise.  I've heard so much about you."
"Really?  From Major Anderson?"
"Oh yes, he made a point of making sure I knew how great you were."
"Good man, the Major."
"Umm. . .Yes he is."  Durand looked down for a moment.  Would it be possible for me to meet with the military leaders of the Community?"
"Of course.  I am not the military leader, that would be Constable Jayden Phipps, but we are always ready.  When?"
"I'd like to today, if that works for you."
"See you in an hour."  Phil thought that this new OC Captain might be a break from the string of those he did not regard that highly.  There was nothing too wrong with this guy; at least so far.  He looked normal.  He walked normal.  He didn't seem overly political.
Phil rounded up Jayden and Elijah.  He knew Ayanna would be hovering around somewhere snooping when she got home from school since Elijah was there.
Elijah encouraged Ayanna to stay closely involved with the business going on in the House, and Phil was aware of it.  But Phil didn't really care.  He was an open book.
Phil went to the door and let Capt. Durand in.  He brought Durand to the dining room table.  "This is Constable Phipps and Inspector Williams."
The men shook hands with Durand, and he took a seat.
Durand said, " I would like to request your help in a matter that has significance to this locality.  Since the Axis has been set back on their heels for now, we would like to consolidate our control over the area.  The reason being we would like to establish petroleum trade with Texas, but our highway infrastructure is still not good.  There are too many rogue clans here and there to make travel safe.  I know Delburg is not really on a main thoroughfare, but it is just one more piece of the puzzle.  So, what I am thinking, is that we can take the garrison and go to Delburg and oust the current regime."
Jayden said, "You want to go into Delburg and take on the Gofinns?  How many of my men do you want?"
"I wasn't planning on using any.  All I want is for you to man the Fort while we are gone."
Phil chuckled.  But he was only laughing at the idea, not the Captain.  In fact, the Captain was his sort of chap.
Durand glanced at Phil.
Jayden said, "You are going to need more help than that."
"What makes you say that?" Durand asked.
"Experience," Jayden said.  "You are going to need some of the Guardsmen to help you, and that is with a very tight plan of action.  You may want to call in some Shanesville Raiders.  Elijah can supply you with a contact and intel."
"That would be great," Durand said, "We can provide the plan."
Jayden said, "Don't get me wrong.  I would love to be rid of that horrible bunch over there.  Trust me, don't take them lightly."
"I understand, Constable, we won't, from here on out." 
Jayden said, "Elijah will take you over to the Farm, where you can design your strategy.  I want to send one of my three platoons of Guardsmen.  Another platoon and the HQ squad will watch the fort.  We'll hold the third platoon on alert, in reserve."
"Thank you Constable, you have been extremely helpful.  You are a true patriot to the Confederation."
Phil went out on the front porch.  Ayanna went running by him, heading toward the Farm.  He started laughing.  
Elijah and Captain Durand found Ayanna sitting at the table.
"Hi young lady," the Captain said.
"Hi,"  
"Can we use your table here?" Durand asked.
Elijah spoke up, "She's a military analyst."
Durand started laughing, "She's a what?!  That's funny.  No, we need. . . It was a joke. . .you. . .no way!  Okay, fine;  Little girl what is an APC?"
"An armored personnel carrier.  There are two of them in your own Fort, a French built VAB and a heavier US M-RAP.  I don't want to bore you with the details.  I'm not a know-it-all."
"Hmmm. . .What is a RPG?"
"Rocket propelled grenade.  I could tell you more, but it's a military secret." 
"Are you kidding me?" Durand said.  "What round does a AR-15 shoot?"
"A .223 caliber, and all of ours can also shoot a 5.56 millimeter."
"Who was Barbie's boyfriend?"
"Barbie who?"
"Okay,  I got you now;  What size mortar did the UN use against you in the Battle of Crawfordton."
"81 millimeter.  And we kicked serious ass with nothing compared to what they had."  Ayanna counter-quizzed, "Who wrote The Prince?" 
"Umm. . .Machiavelli?"
"Yep.  You're definitely good," Ayanna said.
"Okay, I asked for that one," Durand said.  "But can you keep a secret?"
"I'll vouch for that one," Elijah said.  "She knows all sorts of things that she 'doesn't know'.  Likewise, please don't brag to anyone about our little prodigy here."
"Of course," He shook hands with Ayanna.  "I look forward to working with you.  
"Me too," She smiled.
Durand said, "You know, I can't help it, but you just look so young, and I feel bad for saying it; a girl."
"Don't worry about it. . . And yea, Barbie's boyfriend was Ken."
Elijah and Frank Durand cracked up over that one.
They got together and made their plans.  Ayanna did not really have any problem with what Durand had to say, in fact, she found it enlightening.
The calculations involved in planning the scenario were highly detailed.  They even set up a wargame map to theorize and make adjustments. 
Ayanna thought that Durand was undervaluing Platoon-B, led by Angel Howard, but she did not want to say anything that would commit Platoon-B to a more dangerous involvement in the raid.

 

Chapter 28
One Week Later
It turned out to be one of the hottest days during the summer.  School was cancelled on the day of the Delburg invasion.  The rally bell intentionally did not ring.  Everything was low-key.
Platoon-D, and the HQ squad took their place in the Fort.  Lieutenant Murphy saluted Captain Durand as they changed the guard.
The entire Company of Ohio Coalition troops assembled with the Crawfordton Guard, Platoon-B, and a Platoon from Shanesville.  
Ethan Mentzer and his scouts were also among them.  The scouts were very interested in liberating Delburg from the tyrannical Gofinns since Delburg was the Scouts' hometown.  They felt this may be their defining moment.  They wanted desperately to rid Delburg of the Gofinns, and the Scouts never knew when they might lose their horses.  Once the horses were gone, their ability to command and control would be severely limited.  Seeing horses in this part of the country was a rarity.
Guard Platoon-A was to stay in the basement of the House and rest.  Sleep, if possible.  They would be called upon if needed.  
But Ella was part of Platoon-A.  Ella was outside.  She and Amy were out to inspect the troops; especially Ethan Mentzer.  Ella nudged Amy who looked back at her.  Ella moved her eyes to Amy's other side to signal to her that Ayanna was there.  Ayanna was standing there enjoying the formation as well.  They both started snickering and went back to their ogling.
Ayanna thought the silly women would be so jealous if they knew she got to ride with Ethan on his horse.  It was true that Ayanna, even as young as she was, thought Ethan was a beautiful man, but that was not her focus.  As she looked around at the many souls, she thought to herself, how many of these people would even be alive five years from now?  Ten years?  Twenty years?   She was a lot younger than almost everyone there.  Would she live most of her life without any of them?  Who would be in her life?
Ayanna was moved emotionally to snuggle next to Phil the way she used to.  "Phil, are you happy with your life. . .The way it turned out?"
"You know you are a funny girl."
"Well?"
"I've made a lot of mistakes, I guess, but if I had it all to live over again, knowing what I know now, I would probably steer clear of those mistakes, but I'm sure I would make a whole bunch of different ones.  But I have to say, I have the best wife a man would want, Jesus saved my soul from my sin, and gave me a great place to live and good health,  I have great friends, and also I have you.  You make my life better, dear one."  Phil held her close to his side.
"Phil, you are the coolest guy I have ever seen."
"Sounds like you need some glasses."
Jayden exhorted his best platoon to function with honor, but be safe.  He asked Angel to offer a prayer for the operation and the soldiers and bystanders participated.
When it was almost completely dark the combined force marched to a wooded area near Delburg.  They were to wait there until night.  The plan was to meet Crawfordton agent, Rocky Smillen and raid the Gofinn Headquarters with the best squad, simply called 'Elite 1'.  Once all hell broke loose the rest of the forces would quickly subdue confused elements without the benefit of their leadership.  
The Coalition leadership believed through Rocky's reports, that the Gofinns did not have the benefit of much in the way of heavy weapons.
The Coalition did have a couple of heavier machine guns, which were normally at the Fort, but were to be used in the operation.
The force took their places as planned.  Captain Durand had not gotten any word of any breach in secrecy, but the potential certainly existed for it.  There were a lot of military assets moving all over the place with a lot of citizens intermingling with them.  For that reason, the overall plan was not given out prior to its execution.  
It was as dark out as it was going to get.
Durand ordered, "Elite 1, execute."
A half dozen men with firearms and bows were clad in black with blackface moved toward the edge of town where Rocky's house was.  Everyone else was to stay in the woods.
Rocky Smillen led the way to the Gofinns Headquarters.  The route was dark and went through a residential area.  Delburg inhabitants were used to staying inside at night.  Rocky knew there was a strict curfew so there would be very little if any third party meddling.
The team arrived at the commercial section where the Headquarters was.  
The headquarters was on a street corner.  The front door was heavily guarded.  There were bonfires burning on the street around the front and side of the Police station.  There were two guards standing duty outside in their field of view.  
The team was looking at the side of the building and the back door. The Commando Lieutenant motioned for two men to go out and around and come up a back alley to the back door of the building.
After a couple of minutes, the time was ripe.  The Lieutenant motioned for the archery assault.  They fired.  The first guard took an arrow in the upper chest and went down without a peep.  The second guard was also hit at a relatively short range and went down.  He was making some noise.  One of the back alley Commandoes ran up and slit his windpipe before anyone else was alerted, including the guards on the front of the building.
Now the team had an open path to the back door of the Headquarters.  Everyone gathered at the steps of the back door and prepared to rush in.
Weapons at the ready, Elite 1 walked up the steps in an orderly method.  They walked past some jail cells full of people and saw several unsuspecting Gofinns.  All of the Gofinns had a Commando pointing a rifle at or near them.  None of them spoke.  The Commando Lieutenant and Rocky Smillen went up to the front door, then charged out and started firing at the guards who were looking in the other direction.  At the same time all of the Gofinns inside the Headquarters were shot.
The commandoes checked all of the rooms in the building.  They found no one.  The building was secured.   Now it was time to try and hold on to their prize. . .
Immediately gunfire erupted from all quarters upon the concrete-block building.  Bullets were making their way inside.  Elite 1 was only returning enough fire to suppress until help came.
Captain Durand ordered the rest of the force to invade.  Everyone was to proceed toward the center of town and try to hammer Gofinns against the Elite 1 anvil.  
Gofinns tried an unimaginative assault into the back door of the Headquarters, but were slaughtered before they could enter one step inside.  
One Gofinn found a ladder and several got into the upper floor of the building.  One of the Commandoes heard footsteps on the wooden upper floor of the old building and was waiting at the bottom of the stairs for them.  The first Gofinn trying to sneak down the stairs was blasted and came tumbling down.  The others backed away from the top of the stairway and were trying to return fire.  Another Commando shot back at them through the ceiling and the second story floor.  Then the Commandos heard survivors going back to the ladder.
Many of the Gofinns in the perimeter areas of Delburg had left their post to try and retake their Headquarters in the center of town.  They had mixed notions about what to do since they were not getting any orders.
About the time the Gofinns thought the attack was a limited one.  They were being shot at from and endless number of angles.  The attack was taking its toll on the Gofinns.  The Gofinns were forced to take the defensive, and the battle soon evolved into a city fight.  This was not something that was going to be resolved in the next few hours.
Gofinns could not just rush into any house and expect safe quarter.  The citizens of the town hated them and would put a knife into their back if possible, since almost all of them had no gun.
Almost all of the pressure was taken off of the Commandoes at the Headquarters.  At least for now.


 

Chapter 29
Crawfordton
Since everyone was on precautionary high alert in Crawfordton, Patrick and Elijah took the opportunity to do some of their real farming.  The beans at the Farm needed a lot of weeding.  So they went into the shed and grabbed their hoes.  Then they started doing the tedious physical job on the large planted area.
"This sucks," Patrick said.
"Who you tellin'?  I do this all the time, so welcome to my damn world," Rata said.  "Elijah just sits in the kitchen and plays chess and talks.  Otherwise, his ass is on the couch."  
"No!  No!  Look!"  Patrick said.
Rata looked up.  A large group of Hexmen was seen a klick to the north.  "Aw, hell no!  Here we go again!  There must be a hundred of them!  Get Bella and run to the Fort.  I'll go tell Elijah at the House."
Rata ran to the Crawford's House and burst in uninvited.  Phil came around the corner and into the doorway with his pistol pointing at Rata.  "You know you really ought to. . ."
"They're coming!"  Rata said, pointing and trying to catch his breath,  "from the north!"
Hearing the commotion, Elijah and Jayden came into the room.  then Amy and Ayanna followed.  Ella and Lieutenant Kowalski came upstairs to see what was going on.
Phil told Jayden, "Gofinns are invading from the north."
"No! Rata said, "Hexmen!"
"What?!" Jayden said.  He put his hands on the side of his head in a display of desperation.  "Okay, okay, uh. . .Kowalski, go out back and ring the rally bell.  Ella!  Go downstairs and tell your Platoon to get outside in the front trench, then bring your sniper rifle up here.  Everyone else take up arms!  Hurry!"
Lt. Kowalski was walking to the back yard to the rally bell, when he noticed something in the woods behind the house.  The reflection of a rifle scope.  It was not their own guard. Then he saw another figure move.  Kowalski kept moving as if he had not seen anything.  He could be shot at any second.  He walked in a wide angle to diminish suspicion and took a pee. . .
"Where's that bell?" Jayden said.  He looked out the window,  "What the. . .Dammit!"  He tapped on the window.  
Kowalski waved at Jayden like he was acknowledging a request to come back into the house.  Kowalski entered the house.  "Everyone away from the windows.  They're also in the woods out back."
Jayden said, "Pass the word.  Everyone away from the windows.  Get quiet."
Elijah told Rata, "It's that John Smith, isn't it?"
Rata said, "No, I don't think so.  Maybe the Hexmen just wanted him back.  I guess it depends on which group it is."
Elijah said, well, anyway we don't have him here to use as a bargaining chip.
Ella came upstairs with her sniper rifle.
Ayanna stood there in a daze.  Phil was there to comfort her.
Ayanna's mind was pulling her in a stream of thought.  Don't give up; Art of War; God With Us; Soldiers are our Children; Then she pictured those in the house fighting against the Hexmen.  The house was being ventilated by gunfire.  In her mind's scenario, Phil was killed, Amy killed, all were killed, she was killed.  It was over.  They finally lost.  Evil had won, then had them for dinner.
"You okay?" Phil asked.
"Ella has big boobs," Ayanna said.
"What?" Ella said, looking at Amy.
"She's delirious," Amy said.
"No!  Ella has big boobs!"
"What?" Amy said, Hush now Ayanna.  Go downstairs now where it's safe.
Ayanna said, "All warfare is deception, Ella has big boobs."
Elijah asked, "What the hell, Ayanna?"
Ayanna said, "All men here, who don't like to look at Ella's boobs, please raise your hands."
Amy looked at Phil.
Phil said, "Ayanna, what are you talking about?  This is the worst time to talk about this!"
Ayanna said, "I know my enemy.  You want to win, or not?"
Ella handed here sniper rifle to Amy and said, "I know what she's talking about.  It's time for me to use my best weapon. . .s."
"Huh?" Jayden asked. "No!  This is stupid!"
"What have we got to lose?  I'll be back," Ella said.  She opened the back door.
"Ella!" Jayden said, but it was too late.  Jayden was preparing to follow her out the door.
"Don't do it, Jayden," Ayanna said.  "She knows what she is doing.  Trust her."
"This is messed up," Jayden said.  Jayden went and looked out the back window.  "She's getting a bucket of water out of the cistern!  She's gone crazy!  She's going over to the garden.  I can't see her!  Damn it! "
Everyone went upstairs so they could get a glimpse of what Ella was doing outside.  Ella went into the gardening shed and brought out a hoe.  She started working the soil vigorously.  she took a break to wipe the sweat from her brow.  In doing so, struck an interesting pose with her voluptuous figure for the benefit of her hidden audience.  She worked awhile longer, still very very hot, and she "needed" to cool down further.  She pulled down her jeans and kicked them off revealing some high cut panties.
"Jayden, my man!" Elijah said.
Amy said, "Phil you go downstairs!"
Phil turned and said, "Yea, whole thing ain't real good on my blood pressure."
Rata said, "Holy crap, man!  That bitch is hot."
Elijah said, "That's the Colonel's wife dumb-dumb."
"Sorry Colonel.  Damn, you're lucky!"  Rata kept staring out the window.
Jayden said, "You know, this could work."
Elijah said, "Hell yes it will work."
Jayden said, "Kowalski, take your men from the front, and go flank these guys."
Ella was playing as if she was very concerned with hyperthermia after hoeing the garden, displaying herself from different vantage points as she worked and wiped the sweat.  It was just too hot out for such physical activity.  It was time for the bucket.  She held the bucket over her head with both hands and let the water pour out over her form.  As the water flowed over her, all of her thin undergarments became soaked and transparent.
"Oh!. . .my!. . .God!" Amy said, looking out the upstairs window.
"Indeed," Elijah said.
Rata was standing back with his jaw dropped open.
"Nice work," Jayden said under his breath.
Ayanna rolled her eyes and shook her head, then went downstairs so she could watch the Platoon in action.
Kowalski gave Platoon-A the plan.  
Sergeant Yamakawa said,  "You say just run around and flank them, huh?  Like that will work."
"Oh, it will work."
"It's suicide! I can't take my men. . ."
"I'll take point," the Lieutenant said
"Where's Ella?"
"She's in position.  Now let's go!"  The Lieutenant led the way the long way around the house.
Sergeant Yamakawa was used to Ella being deployed separately since she was the best sniper in the Guard.  "Okay!  On the Lieutenant!"
Private Preston Martin could see to his side in the distance what was going on in the garden.  He almost ran into a tree when he saw his friend cavorting around, being all lively and uninhibited.
Ella heard a clatter in the distance. Out of the corner of her eye she could see the Platoon doing the flanking maneuver.   She was seriously worried that her little ploy was not enough to distract the enemy, considering the noise they were making.  Were they always that noisy when they moved?  But the enemy better not see them this time, or she would be the first one to get it, then them.  
Oh well . . .She whipped off her top and started hoeing bare breasted.  Please, not the panties, she thought.  Not that they were covering anything at this point.  Unarmed;  undressed; knowingly alone in front of an armed hostile enemy; she couldn't had ever been more vulnerable.  But she had faith in herself, and her amenities which had been the subject of constant scrutiny her entire life.
Jayden saw Ella take the step of removing her shirt and knew the situation was serious.  "Everyone take cover!"
Each thrust of the hoe into the soil sent constituent parts of Ella's voluptuous form in motion.  Each stroke of Ella's hoe impacting the ground sent the enemy deeper into an erotic trance.
Platoon-A shot the Hexmen in the back rows first.  The enemy wrongly assumed the gunfire was friendly when it started.  Once they tried to gather their wits, it was too late for them.
Ella dropped to the ground when the shooting started.  
Within a seconds, an entire group of two dozen Hexmen had been slaughtered mercilessly by the Platoon.  Only one Hexman managed to fire a desperate return shot because he was not seen.  The shot missed, then he was pulverize simultaneously from multiple Guardsmen.
Jayden looked out the window after the shooting had stopped and saw Ella on the ground.  "Oh no!"  He stared at her a few seconds, then she got up, holding her T-shirt over her chest.
Before she could grab her clothes and run to the gardening shed, the rest of the Platoon passed by the garden on their way to reinforce the Fort.  
Ella was subjected to all sorts of catcalls and remarks from her fellow soldiers.  Morale had never been higher.  Even Lt. Kowalski saluted Ella and winked.
Jayden went out in the backyard to check on Ella.  They hugged.  Jayden told Ella he was amazed at her nerve.  "Never do that again!  I'd pin a medal on you, but. . .you know."
"I gotta run," Ella said, looking around.  
Then Jayden went to survey the scene.  Phil's nephew, Wesley Crawford, who was supposed to be on guard there, took an arrow into the neck.  He went back in to report it to Phil.  But Phil, Elijah, Rata, and Ayanna were behind Elijah and saw Wesley.
Phil sighed.  "He probably fell asleep one too many times.  I tried to tell him he was going to get us all killed.  Damn!  Come on, Ayanna, let's go pick up some guns."
Ayanna said, "I should have been out here.  I can smell them."  She got up close and sniffed them, then their belongings.  "Ugh!  That's terrible!  You guys can't smell that?"
"Not a bit," Rata said.  "I can only smell money, when it's around."
Before the main force of the Hexmen could advance into town, they were met by a crossfire from both Platoons A and D and retreated.  The action of Platoon-A was the key factor in the decisive victory.
Elijah told Ayanna and Rata, "Something was wrong here.  If it wasn't John Smith, then how did the Hexmen know we had weakened defense right now.  Maybe they are in alliance with the Gofinns or maybe we need to figure out how to carry out counter-espionage.  This could have ended a lot worse today."

 

Chapter 30
Delburg
The Gofinns were only in secluded pockets.  Captain Durand's Company was consolidating more and more of the town within their control.  Citizens were coming out asking if they could help.  Whenever an enemy weapons was captured, there were three Delburg inhabitants ready to use it on the Gofinns.  Victory was only a matter of time.
Durand used Logan "Angel" Howard's Platoon to help set up an impromptu indigenous self defense force.  The Delburg defense force hated the Gofinns with a passion after the way they were treated.  So the Delburgians were at least emotionally ready for a fight with the Gofinns
Word got to Angel that a fresh batch of Gofinns from the Indiana Main Headquarters was heading toward the Delburg HQ.  The Gofinn reinforcement group had at least two "technicals", a name given to a vehicle, usually a truck with a machine gun custom mounted on it.  Then there were dozens of other troops with the technicals.
Angel had his own Platoon-B and about 20 field recruits who wanted some Gofinns to shoot at.  Guardsmen Platoon-B was in the main commercial hub of Delburg, only a few buildings from the Commandoes.  The tallest buildings were 3 stories high.  He put all of the Delburg natives in one of the buildings.  He used his own people to primarily protect the entrances of the building, and secondarily look for Gofinn targets.
As expected, the Gofinns moved ever closer.  The technicals went slow enough so they did not get ahead of their foot soldiers.
The front technical had a mounted medium machinegun and was full of armed riders.  As they pulled up, some of the Delburg Irregulars started firing.  They fired way too soon for Angel's liking.  Consequently, the technical only took a couple of casualties.  The riders jumped out and took cover behind some cars on the opposite side of the street.
The second technical was manned with a heavy machinegun and was also full of riders, who bailed out when the shooting started.  The heavy machinegun opened fire on the building, shooting at every window.  The Delburg fighters took several casualties before the much more disciplined Crawfordton Guard started hitting easy targets.
The first technical's main gunner was hit and then the Ford S-10 caught on fire.  Seeing this, the second technical started backing up as it was firing.  The large number of Gofinn foot soldiers moved into closer positions.
Hearing all the action, the Elite 1 Commandos moved into the area, then some of the OC troops started moving into the pitched battle.  Also some of the Shanesville Raiders contributed, who were alongside the dismounted Scouts.   Any Gofinn movements anywhere in town were soon met with superior numbers.
The Delburg liberators were taking casualties, but the Gofinns were taking more.  They underestimated the size and will of the OC Coalition and lacked a plan other than marching up the gauntlet of a lead firestorm.
The turning point seemed to be when the first technical's gas tank exploded.  The Gofinns showed their morale under the withering fire and started pulling back in an organized retreat.  Some of the Gofinns who were previously pinned down saw this as their chance to escape the situation and ran toward the retreating reinforcements.
As the Gofinns took casualties and pulled back,  many of their weapons were captured by unarmed citizens.  They risked their lives to be able to put the hurt on their overlords.  They had three years of pent up hatred of the regime's tyrannical abuse of power.
As the Gofinns pulled out of town, the retreat became increasingly hasty.  Soon they were on the run.  Delburg had finally been liberated after previous attempts had failed.
But the liberated population did not have satisfaction.  They chased the Gofinns all the way to the Indiana border, where they originally came from.  
The Ohio Confederation did not authorize its military to cross any historical borders.  Even when they were fighting the Axis, they stayed within Ohio.   This was a view not shared by all, but was more likely a reflection of the limited strength of the Ohio Coalition Army.

The next day, in Crawfordton, Wesley Crawford was laid to rest, along with a couple a couple of the Platoon-B Guardsmen.  There were several Guardsmen from various platoons who had received injuries in the two battles.  As long as no infection set in while they recuperated in the clinic, they would be fine.  There was not much they could do for such patients during those times compared to before the trouble.

Later that week, Rata noticed that the crops they had worked on around the house were being destroyed.  Patrick and Elijah had no idea what was going on, so they went to ask Phil.
Phil and Ayanna over to the Farm after school.  "Lookey here," Phil said, pointing to the ground.
Elijah said, "Some kind of track.  Hoofed animal.  So that's a deer?"
"Yep," Phil said, "that's what it is.  Looks like a heavy one.  Sunk real deep."
"Oh man!" Rata said.  "Fresh meat!  Let's go look for it now!"
"You mean 'hunt'?" Patrick laughed.
Rata said, "Seriously.  What's the difference?"
Phil said, "Let me go home and get my 'looking' rifle."
Elijah said, "Sounds great.  Let's go."
On the way back to the House, Phil asked Ayanna, "You going with us?"
"I don't know," she said.
"Why don't you know?"
"I'm a vegetarian. . .kinda."
Phil thought about it.  "Yea, I guess you are. . .kinda.  You only eat the broth, not actual meat.  We just never had that much meat around for me to realize it.  Why don't you come with us anyhow, it will be fun."
"Killing, for fun?"
"Okay.  Why don't you come along and help feed your family?"
"Okay, but I want a rifle that can do the job, not some girly kid gun."
"Fine.  I can help you out with that."
They got to the house and Phil gave Ayanna a vintage German Mauser.  "This thing will kick so don't put your face on it."  It had a bayonet with it, but Phil took it off.
Phil asked Jayden if he wanted to participate, he was excited about the prospect, but then Jayden said he couldn't because of security.  
Ayanna found that lugging the heavy bolt-action rifle was a chore.  She started to question why she was involved again, but participating was for Phil.
The hunters all returned to the scene of the crime.  Elijah said, "I tracked the deer.  It came from, and went back to that nearest woodlot."  Elijah remembered the area in the Battle of Dan's Hill, which the Fortress was now built upon.  It seemed so long ago now.  Maybe it was just because so much had happened since those days.
"Good work, Elijah," Phil said.  "This is like your typical Hexmen hunting tactics, except there are only a few of us, and the target cannot shoot back.  If you three will go on the other side and flush the deer out, we'll take the shot.  We just have to make sure we don't shoot any of our own."
So Elijah, Patrick, and Rata went around to the other side of the small woodlot with their weapons while Phil and Ayanna got into position.
"This is boring," Ayanna said.
"It can be," Phil said, "but you have to think of the glory of getting the kill."
Ayanna made a face of disbelief."
"You think you can hit a deer with that thing?"
"Maybe."
They waited quite awhile.  Ayanna was thinking back on her trip to hunt Hexmen.  She remembered the smell . . ."Phil!"
"What?!"
"Phil!  I smell Hexmen!"
"What?!" Phil said, wondering what to do.  "Do we need to get outta here?"
"I think so. . .Hey!  Look!"
Phil saw a massive overgrown feral hog come charging out of the woodlot.
"It's coming right at us!" Ayanna said.
"Breathe.  Take a shot," Phil said.
The hog came charging in a straight line.  
"Is it gonna attack?" Ayanna said.
"Just hit it."
The big pig was getting uncomfortably close.
BAM!  It was a hit with the high powered round.  But the hog kept charging, almost as if nothing had happened to it.  Ayanna dropped her rifle and started running.
POW!  POW!  POW!  Phil finished the job with his semi-automatic AR-15, thought by gun banners not to be useful as a hunting rifle.
Ayanna turned back and was breathing hard.  She was ready to cry.  "I turned and ran.  I should have re-chambered another round. an put it into its skull."
Phil said, "Not many have that kind of nerve, darlin'.  That's why I like the AR-15.  I can miss and shoot again right away.  Nice shot, by the way.  It would have died from that wound later anyhow.  So you get the kill.  Good job."
A tear ran down her face.  "That was really intense."  She went over to the dead animal and was smelling it.  "It does smell a lot like the Hexmen.  I won't forget the difference though."
Phil chuckled.  "Yep, lots of boredom and a short period of intensity."
The other three came out of the woods.
"Hell!  Yes!"  Rata said.
Patrick said, "Woooo! Ayanna!  Bringin' home the damn bacon!"
Elijah said, "We gonna party tonight!"
They set up a barbeque pit that night and roasted the massive animal.  It took a gang of men to lift up the pig onto the custom made spit.  There was enough pork on the 600 pound monster to give a portion to anyone who wandered by the House.  The lard was saved.  The nasty pigskin was saved.
Everyone loved the meat.  Even Ayanna ate a bit and had to admit it was tasty.
"Hey Phil," Rata said.
"What?"
"There's something wrong with this meat."
"Not from where I'm sitting.  I'm liking this real well."
"Yea. . . but this deer meat tastes just like pork.  What's up with that?"
Those who knew the story started laughing.  Ayanna laughed a laugh that she would remember forever.  Just the idea of Phil being wrong about something like that was a hoot.
Phil made it even more funny by playing the victim and trying to recover saying deer meat was "venison" and that the tracks look the same.
Elijah said, "I'm just a black guy from Detroit.  It looks like a deer to me."
They started busting their guts laughing again.  Then everyone had to come up with some kind of quip for Phil or themselves.  
Ayanna said, "You can't pick on Phil too much, before this hog came out of the woods, I thought it smelled like a Hexman."
They stopped chewing and looked seriously at each other, then the subdued snorts and chuckles turned into guffaws of laughter again.  They all looked at Ayanna in the eyes with approval.
Ayanna had never felt more accepted into the Community.  Telling jokes on oneself was a good way to build empathy with people.  That fact was not in the Bible, or Art of War, or any other book.  It was just something a person had to find out on their own.

Amy looked at Ella.  "Do you understand any of this?"
Ella had her mouth full of pork.  She shook her head and clearly didn't care.



 

Chapter 31
October
Overall, the harvest this year was a lot better than the previous year.  A couple of the local farmers were trying to buy up Texas gasoline for use in the following spring.  If any of them succeeded, they would be able to produce multiple times more food, and become comparatively rich in the process.
Ethan Mentzer and his Scouts had become leaders in Delburg.  Delburg was accepted into the Confederation and Mentzer was named the Constable.  The new leadership brought economic freedom to the town.  
But this new arrangement was not without its pains.  The town had been used as slave labor.  Some had been taken to Indiana to work in the Gofinn foundry.  The slaves were supplemented by a token amount of canned good.  This canned food supply was now cut off.  Also, Mentzer had to deal with prosecution of some inhabitants who were the worst collaborators with the Gofinns.  These atrocities were so blatant, they blurred the line between collaborator and Gofinn.  Some people were executed by firing squad.
The Academy at Fort Wilcox had not yet technically produced any graduates, but the OC had pressed a couple of them into service early as they sought to build up the ranks of the Army.
Mitchell Raymond was growing, but not very fast.
All in all, things seemed to be going well in Ayanna's world.  She had saved all of her money she earned as a spy.  She was starting to accumulate quite a sum.  Being extra hungry one day, she thought she would go over to Burkett's market and see if there was something special she could buy for the family's dinner table.  Ayanna didn't spend much, but a little couldn't hurt.
She was looking at what was available.  There was this faint. . . yet certain smell.  No, she was not going to cause trouble by thinking she smelled Hexmen again.  The smell came, then it went.  It did it a couple of more times.  But why would she be smelling it in the market.
Nothing in the baskets really grabbed her much.  Maybe she would take a look in the counter at the more expensive stuff.  Amy would be happy if she brought something nice home.
There was a young man in front of her at the counter buying some apples, eggs, and about a hundred rounds of assorted ammunition cartridges.  He pulled out a handful of silver coins, which amounted to a lot of money.  Whoa!  The coat had the Hexman-ish smell as much as  anything she had smelled.  
Ayanna tried to get a good look at his face when he turned after completing the transaction.  She knew she looked awkward when the mean looking guy looked at her.  He didn't have any hex tattoos.  Everyone pretty well knew to shoot anyone with a hex tattoo on sight anyways.
"I'll take a box of .223," she said to Mrs. Burkett.  Wanting to make a quick purchase that was certain to be money well spent.
"That will be two dollars."
Ayanna hastily pulled two silver half-dollars out of her pocket and paid for the ammunition.  Then she went outside to see where Hex-smell coat guy was going.  He was going back toward the Fort.  She watched to make sure he was going into the Fort, which he did.
Ayanna went to the Farm to report what she had seen. . .and smelled.
Elijah was there, as usual.  "So this guy bought ammunition, smelled like a Hexman, and went back to the Fort; Correct?"
"Yes."
"And you can I.D. this guy if you saw him again?"
"No problem."
Elijah said, "Let's do some brainstorming here;  The guy could have taken the coat off of a Hexman."
"Yes."
"The guy could be selling ammunition and/or information to the Hexmen."
"Yes."
"The smell could be from the same source of whatever it is, that makes a Hexman smell like a Hexman."
"Yes."
Elijah asked, "What do you think?"
Ayanna said, "He could have bought the coat third-hand off of another guy in the Fort who is helping the Hexmen."
"True.  Nice thought."
"Thank you.  Umm. . .The guy. . .bought a lot more types of ammo than a guy his age would normally have guns for."
"True, but maybe he's selling it second hand."
"True," Ayanna said.  "Maybe."
Elijah said, "The guy is worth watching some more, maybe we should alert Captain Durand as to what is going on."
"Absolutely."
Elijah said, "I think I'll send Rata over to the Fort to request Frank Durand comes over."
Elijah went upstairs to get Rata.  
Rata came downstairs, ran by Ayanna and said, "Hi Niña."
"Hi Rata," she said in return. 
Rata went out the door toward the Fort.
Captain Durand came over and greeted Elijah and Ayanna, who were at the kitchen table.  Durand took a seat at the table, along with Rata.
Elijah said, "We would like to send Ayanna over to the Fort."
"Why? 
"We have reason to believe one of your people there may be helping the Hexmen."
"Really, Elijah?  Why would you say that?"
"We have some evidence that suggests it."
"Like what?"
Elijah said, "Frank, just let us come over there and look over the men's personal items once, then we'll be out of your hair."
The Captain said, "I'm going to go out on a limb here, but at the risk of being wrong again, why Ayanna?"
"Ayanna and I will team up on this one."
"Okay.  Let's go do it," Captain Durand said.
"Now?" Elijah asked.
"Sure, I'll just send everyone out on a drill.  I'm the Commander, you know.  They'll cry bloody murder, but I haven't made them do anything for quite awhile.  I don't want them to get too soft, you know."
"Good," Elijah said.
"Just come over in twenty minutes and you can have the run of the place."
Elijah and Ayanna arrived at the Fort.  The Captain escorted them to the barracks.  The barracks had a thick matted down bed of straw on top of a dirt floor.  But there was an assortment of actual beds that were recovered from abandoned houses in the area.  Some were still quite nice.
Ayanna was putting her nose on to the beds sniffing them out.
The Captain said, "What the heck is she looking for?"
Elijah said, "She's not looking.  She smelling."
"Huh?"
"Yea, she's smelling."
Captain Durand said, "Come on, Elijah.  Really?"
Ayanna looked at Durand with a measure of exasperation.
Durand held out his hand toward her, "Okay, sorry Ayanna, but this is a lot weirder than a little girls who is a military analyst. . ."
Elijah said, "Frank you are getting into it deeper with her.  You'd be better off stopping.  I thought you were going to give us the run of the place?"
"No.  That's right, you just go ahead with what you are doing."
Ayanna went to several of the beds.  On a couple of the beds, which were all made, she waved the blankets around in the air trying to make detection of the smell easier.
Then she got to one and said, "Ugh!   She lifted the pillow and smelled it.  She rolled her eyes.  Right here.  That's the guy."
Captain Durand went over to the bed .  He read the name,  "Private Jim Oliver".  Not to be negative, but that guy. . .It doesn't make a lot of sense."
Elijah was going through Jim's box.  Each soldier had a box at the foot of their bed.  Elijah picked up a book from the box.  "Here's a big Fort Wayne Indiana Telephone directory.  Not real practical."  He flipped the book onto the bed and it made a metallic noise.   They all looked at it. 
"I never heard of a book that clanked" the Captain said.  He picked up the pulpy book and opened it.  It was hollowed out.  They stared in amazement at the loot inside; all sorts of jewelry, coins, some of them gold.
"Hey, nice watch. . ."  Elijah looked at the back of the watch and saw an inscription, "Bob Timmons - Ten Years Service -Shanesville Volunteer Fire Dept."
The Captain said, "Oliver sure has a lot of money here.  I can't really see how he has the money for this kind of stuff."
Elijah said, "Let's put everything back to the way it was."
They all started trying to remember how everything was stored and rearranging it until it was as close as they could remember.
Elijah asked , "When is Oliver's next day off?"
"When do you want it to be?"
"Two days.  I want him to be able to make plans.  Also, tell everyone the Fort will be entirely empty a week from today.  In three days, change the plan."
Durand said, "Am I going to have to write this down?  Today I have the Lieutenant tell Oliver he is off on the next day, and also tell the entire Fort that we will be going to Delburg in five days from today for a celebration."
Elijah said, "Oh!  I like that."
"But then, three days from today I get to be the asshole and tell everyone at the Fort they can't go to the celebration."
"Tell them I said it was cancelled because of a flu epidemic, but then make sure they are all on high alert.  We will actually be very busy that day."
"All right," Durand said, "I can live with this, if it helps you out."
"Thank you," Elijah said, "Ayanna.  Back to the kitchen, there is work to be done.
Elijah gathered his team around the table for a meeting.  "Patrick; the day after tomorrow, you and Ayanna will watch the Fort.  Ayanna will show you who Private Jim Oliver is.  I want you to follow him unseen without Ayanna.  I suspect he will go to one of the Hex Tribes."
"Okay," Patrick said.
"Rata; First thing tomorrow as early as possible, I want you to walk to Shanesville and find out who . . .umm. . .Bob. . ."
"Timmons," Ayanna said.
"Yes, Bob Timmons.  I want you to go to Shanesville and find out if he is alive and if not, what happened to him, and his wrist watch.  Then get back here as fast as possible."
"Hell!" Rata said, "This job is more damn walking."
Elijah said, "Hey! What else do you have to do?  There's nothing on TV."
"All right.  Bob Timmons.  I'll set my DVR before I go.  I don't want to miss Sons of Anarchy." He chuckled.
Elijah said, "I have things to do here."
Rata said, "Like what?  Holding down the couch?"
Elijah said, "No, this is going to be a lot bigger than you think.  That's why we need complete intel and for you to get back as quickly as possible."

Chapter 32
The next day, Ayanna and Patrick took a position between the half klick walk between the Fort and Burkett's Market.
"There he is.  See him coming out of the Fort?" Ayanna said.
"Where?"
"He's the guy with the dark blue coat on."
"You mean, black coat?"
"Whatever.  He's pr'y gonna come over to the Store and buy some stuff, then go north."
"All right," Patrick said.  "I'll go do some shopping in the store and see what he is doing."
"Okay," Ayanna said, "I'm going to go back to the House.  Be careful, Patrick."
"I will, thanks."

Rata started walking before daybreak and got to Shanesville in late morning.  He was walking up to inhabitants on the street, "Do you know, who Bob Timmons is?"
"No," said a young woman.
"I give up, who is he?" said a young guy.
"Sounds familiar.  Is he related to Ned Timmons?", an older man said.
"No one in Shanesville goes by that name, never has been anyone by that name here," another older man said.
A couple of other people just walked by Rata without speaking, as if he couldn't be trusted.  He waved a gang sign with his hands at one of them in frustration.
An older woman said, "Oh sure, I know Bob.  His brother Ned is married to my cousin Dorothy.  They have a son who was Township Trustee.  They never wanted to clean our road when it snowed, but their son made sure the snow plow came down our road and cleaned it.  Five years ago, maybe six; yea, six years ago; well, five or six, I don't really remember, the snow was just awful.  At least around here it was.  Where did you say you were from?"
"Um. . .Crawfordton. . ."
"Oh, do you like it over there?  They sure have a lot of problems and I think if they would. . ."
"I'm just trying to find out about Bob Timmons."
"Well. . . I was just getting to that.  You know out on Reed Road. . ."
"Where's that?"
"You go out from the State Route four miles north, but I wouldn't.  Everyone out there has been killed off or left.  Aren't those Hexmen just the worst. . ."
"Is Bob Dead?"
"Well yes, I thought everyone knew that.  He was stubborn you know.  Everyone told old Bob to get out of there.  Even his wife, she's my cousin. . ."
"Yea, I know."
"Oh, I didn't know you were friends.  Even my cousin left because she was so scared, but Bob was one of those pig-headed people.  He stayed out there and the Hexmen got him.  So awful.  I hear Bob was a really good guy."
"Yea, he was the best.  He was with the Volunteer Fire Department for over ten years," Rata said.
"Oh!  Then you know my nephew, George Deere?  He goes by Buck."
"Yea, but it is too painful for me to talk about Buck.  I'm so sad, I must. . .leave. . . now."  Rata put his elbow over his face in dramatic fashion and abruptly turned away and headed back to Crawfordton.

Patrick followed Jim Oliver who did indeed go north.  It was  a long walk.  All of the landmarks were familiar.  He had been down this road when they captured John Smith, or whatever his name was.
It was becoming increasingly obvious that Oliver was some kind of contact for the Hexmen.  Patrick Kelly had to decide how far was he willing to go to prove that Oliver was a turncoat.  Each step forward was another step closer to danger.  Patrick hoped he would never have to go through all that pursuit again.  He did not want to get too close to Oliver.  What if Oliver had seen him and was leading him into a trap?  Patrick Kelly always managed to keep a couple of trees or some other obstruction to the line of sight back to him, to avoid detection. At least he thought.
Oliver left the road and started walking back to a woodlot.  Kelly decided to stay put and see what was next.

The next day Ayanna heard at school that the entire town of Crawfordton was planning to go to Delburg for a big celebration.  There was going to be a circus, a flea market and beer drinking.  When Ayanna got home, Phil told her the same thing.  
Ayanna told Phil, "I heard the Celebration got cancelled because of a flu epidemic."
"No, that can't be right," Phil said.  "That's not what I heard, and I talked to a lot of people.  You may want to recheck your facts."

Elijah was out north of town with Captain Durand and the OC troops who were building fortifications.  The troops were highly disappointed when they found out the Delburg celebration was cancelled.  They were told instead that the construction work would continue for at least two more days.

Patrick Kelly watched Jim Oliver come out of the woods.  He was coming back up the road.  Patrick decided to hide in some brush that ran along beside a fence row.  He waited for Oliver to pass, then to get down the road.  Oliver was found to be walking miles to a woodlot to do something for a few minutes only to return the same way.  That would not be enough to convict in the old days, but it was very damning now.

Rata got back and reported to Elijah that it was almost for sure that Oliver got the watch from a Hexman.  Elijah told him to go back to the Farm before someone put him to work on the fortifications.
Oliver's Lieutenant was told by Durand to alert him once Oliver came back to town.  The Lieutenant told the Captain as requested.
Elijah spoke to Patrick, who told him what Oliver was up to.  The men in the OC Company were surprised to see Elijah slap Oliver in handcuffs. 
Elijah took Oliver to the Farm.  There was no chess game involved.  Oliver was re-handcuffed to the riding mower with both hands.  Elijah requested around the clock armed surveillance of the prisoner.  As a gesture to Rata, they got together and moved the couch out to the shed so Rata could lay down on his watch.  
Ayanna was exempt from watching Oliver, because If an invasion happened, the prisoner was to be shot and whoever was  guarding him was to get Bella and evacuate to the Fort. 

The next day Phil found out the Delburg celebration had been cancelled because of a flu outbreak.   All he could do was to wonder if Ayanna was also psychic.

Elijah and Captain Durand went to the House to report to Jayden that they expected a Hexmen attack and that they were ready for them.  The Crawfordton Guard was to be on high alert to protect the town from all sides.

 The next day a large tribe of Hexmen showed up from the north lusting for wanton total destruction of Crawfordton.  They advanced with all certainty that they could not be stopped, believing Crawfordton defense to be skeletal.
When the Hexmen approached a small outpost on the north they observed a single guard running extremely fast in the opposite direction when he saw the Hexmen coming.  The Hexmen maintained their methodical advance.  It was obvious to the Hexmen that there was no reason to think there would be any resistance.  There was no need to go to the fort.  They went straight for the center of town to pillage.
When the Hexmen got to very close range to the north outpost, a medium machinegun crew who were hiding there opened fire on them.  Then upon hearing the staccato sound of the machinegun, the Hexmen were further surprised as troops popped up out of their covered spider holes.  All the troops were killing Hexmen who were easy prey standing out in the open.  The spider holes were arranged to create deadly interlocking fire.   There was nowhere for the Hexmen to go. 
In the shed, Rata heard the shooting.  He got up off of the couch and pointed his pistol at Jim Oliver's head.  "Hear that?  It's time for me to give you wings."
"No! This isn't right!" Oliver said.  "I've got relatives there.  Stop.  No.  You can't do it!  I have a right to a trial!  Please!  No!"
"Say 'hi' to your Hexpals when you get to Hell,"  Rata put a shot into Oliver's forehead and then he went to the farmhouse to get Bella.
The Hexmen were still getting massacred.  Some tried to get away and others tried to charge.  Most stayed down and hastily returned fire.  Then a command was shouted and they tried to retreat en masse.  The Hexmen's joint effort was futile and costly.  When some did get pulled back, Guardsmen of Lt. Murphy's Platoon-D was there pouring on additional fire.
The Hexmen raiding party was completely destroyed.  Over seventy Hexmen were killed.  Three Confederation Troops were lost, and several were injured.  No Guardsmen were hurt. 

Chapter 33
TEN YEARS LATER
Ohio was no longer a Confederation, but now reorganized into an independent State. The northeast part of Ohio, which included Cleveland, was still controlled by the Axis.   The border with the Axis regime had not changed in several years. 
Ohio was part of the Continental Army Military Organization (CAMO) with other independent states throughout the Midwest.
Ohio was a law and order State because they were proactive in pursuing those who caused the problems.  The clans found it better to carry out their bandenkrieg in Indiana and Kentucky.  This vigorous prosecution of the clans in Ohio did make it worse for those States.
The Chinese-Backed Mexicans had not made further gains in territory, but it was thought that Mexico would annex the southwest, as they consolidated their hold on that vast region.  Many Mexicans considered this area to be rightfully theirs, based upon nineteenth century history.
The southeast was starting to congeal into black and white areas.  The blacks controlled the cotton belt area, and the whites controlled almost everything else.
Canada was fearful of the Axis, so was careful not to appear tilting toward one side or the other of the Axis-CAMO conflict.
Without the restraints of the old US Federal Government tax and regulations, Texas was turning back into an economic dynamo.
The refineries in the Lone Star Republic were now running in fits and starts, but enough to bring hard money into the ornery Country.  Texas was pretty much hands off by those in their neighborhood because it was said that Texas had purchased at least one medium range nuclear missile from Israel.
Because of Texas, gasoline could be bought for the unreasonably high price of fifty cents silver per gallon.  The gasoline demand for the military or farming was extremely high.  States closer to Texas and friendly to Texas got a better deal.
The automotive junkyard industry sprung up almost overnight.  Everyone had a Chevy or Toyota 2015 or whenever this or that part for a dime.  
Every year it was still the same.  The Ohio Army came to each town on Mayday, and rounded up all of the twenty year-olds for their mandatory five years of military service.  Now it was Ayanna's turn.  The Ohio Army Captain had made his visit there and made the announcement, they would depart the next day.  
Phil and Amy were in their seventies now.  They were in decent health, but were slowing down now.  
Phil was going to be lost without Ayanna.  When Phil looked at Ayanna, all the crazy memories of her youth came rushing back into his consciousness.  The trouble she got him into; hunting; the bullet he took; the battles; military discussions; the hugs.
Ayanna had grown from a dysfunctional troubled little girl to a woman who knew how to handle people, her own emotions, and small arms, extremely well.  The problems of her past did not control her, but she would never be totally rid of those lingering ghosts any more than any other imperfect adult who ever lived. 
Ayanna was collecting as much gear as she could carry for the march she would be taking to the Ohio Third Army Training Center.  It was all laid out on the dining room table so she could see what was going into her pack.  
Amy placed a small New Testament and Psalms on the table.  "Here, you got room for this, soldier." 
"Thanks."  Ayanna inspected the semi-automatic pistol that Phil gave her as a going away present, and a means of self-defense.  Phil could see that it was more than just inspecting the pistol, she was staring into it like a crystal ball.  Wondering, maybe worrying about what her future would be. 
In a way, Ayanna would be glad to get a fresh start.  She never really clicked with those of her own age group.  Her peers always had some kind of negative adjective to describe her, even to her face.  "Geek", "weirdo", "zombie", or even "random".  Amy came into the dining room and sighed.  "I sure hope you don't find some boy out there away from here."
Ayanna half smiled. No matter where she went, there was always going to be an available boy, that was a given.  But Ayanna learned the basic fact about boys even before Ella demonstrated proof positive in the garden for the Hexmen, that boys thought with the male member of their bodies.
"Little darlin'. . ."
"Don't call me that right now, Amy.  I don't think I can handle it right now."  It was a long hike to the Third Army HQ, then possible deployment on the other side of the State.  There were no guarantees that she would ever come back.
"Well. . .What I was going to say was, there are plenty of nice boys around here.  Don't go finding one someplace else."
"I'll try to keep that in my thought processes.  I think I'll go visit Elijah one more time."
Ayanna walked over to the Farm, probably for the last time.  Elijah was sitting there with the chess board, when she walked in, reading a sheet of paper.
"Ayanna," Elijah said.  "I've been waiting on you.  It's your move."
Ayanna smirked and took a seat.  "What's with this chess?  We rarely finish a game."
"Oh, it's not about the chess, Ayanna.  I thought you had that figured out long before now." He made a move.
"Oh I did."  Ayanna moved. "When you want to interrogate someone, you tell them to 'move' when you want them to quit thinking or talking.  You can also tell something about how competent they are by their moves.  Who knows what else you are doing while this game is going on.  But you know what?  I just wanted to play the game once in awhile, you know?"
"Not me," Elijah said.  "I didn't want to get my ass kicked by a damn little girl."  He started crying hard, looking at her. 
Ayanna broke down as well.
Elijah got up and turned his head, wiping his tears.  "The world is a big place, Ayanna.  You are too big for this little place.  You've got to move on.  You've got to use what you have to make the world a better place for as many people as you can.  We can't be selfish here, we can't keep you here.  Don't come back."  Elijah moved toward Ayanna,
Ayanna got out of the chair and hugged Elijah.  "I love you, Elijah."
"Me too."

It was time.  Ayanna had her pack and was heading out the door.  Phil and Amy clutched their little darlin' one last time before she left.  They were scared that she would not be able to return.  They were scared for her safety.  Five years in the Ohio Army was a long time.
After Ayanna went out the front door, Amy turned to Phil for comfort. 
The Crawfordton Ohio Army recruits assembled on Harris Road directly in front of the House.  The town was a lot less populous than it was a decade or so ago.  So instead of a couple of hundred recruits, there were only forty two sobbing young adults who had spent most of their lives trying to survive the collapse the older generations left for them to deal with.
The entire town was there to bid the recruits farewell.  Jayden saluted those who had served in the Crawfordton Guard.  
The order was given by the Ohio Army Captain and the recruits started marching out.  The Ohio Army could have sent a bus for them to travel the sixty miles to the HQ, but it was tradition, and part of their physical training.
The march was long, but there was very little complaining.  This generation was one that knew how to handle hardship, and took this event in stride. 
They arrived at the HQ on the second day.  The camp was a bare-bones no frills place.  There were no tanks, helicopters, or heavy artillery around.  Just a few buildings with an Ohio flag flying in front of them.
The recruits met their drill master and were assigned quarters.  Then they were given obstacle course training.  Ayanna finished somewhere in the middle of the pack.
Then they were given testing on military science.  All of the recruits knew they would be in the Army at some point so tried to do some preparatory work ahead of time for it.  Ayanna thought the test was extremely easy.
A couple of days later her name, along with several others were called upon to take another test.  This test was harder, but she still felt she did pretty well at it.
Ayanna suspected that she may be on some kind of fast track to moving up in rank; which was her lifelong goal.
The Major was looking at Ayanna's file when she went into his office.  "Crawford, I commend you on the excellent result on your testing."
"Thank you, Sir."
"You did as well as anyone.  Outstanding."
"Thank you, Sir."
"Crawford, you are being sent to Sandusky Bay for further training."
"Sandusky Bay, Sir?  What is that?"
"That is the home of the Ohio Navy."
"What? Navy?"
"Yes, Navy.  Who do you think protects our north shore from the Axis?  Here's the thing.  You did as well as anyone on the Army testing criteria, but on the Navy testing criteria you finished in first by a large margin."
"But, Sir.  This is a mistake, I'm not a navy person."
"You are now.  You leave tomorrow by car."
Ayanna sat there in a daze, trying to figure out how to object.
"Anything else?" the Major asked.
"No, sir"
"Dismissed."
Ayanna got up and saluted the Major.
Nothing could have seemed more wrong than being shanghaied into the Navy.  It made no sense at all.  She had spent her whole life running around on solid ground and had never even seen a large body of water.  She never even learned how to swim.
It seemed her unspoken dream of leading a large army into battle was never going to happen.  That was over now.  So now what?
Ayanna felt important being delivered by car all the way to the Naval Station.  She almost forgot what it was like to travel by car.  She saw more sights on that day than most of the rest of her previous life. The driver didn't try to say anything and she didn't try to engage him.   She just sat there and took it all in.
Travelling up Interstate-75 seemed to go by very fast.  Ayanna saw ramshackle houses and an endless amount of abandoned vehicles alongside of the road.  The countryside looked decimated and poor, but it looked a lot less dangerous.  Maybe there was hope for the future.



 
Chapter 34
Sandusky Bay Naval Station
  Ayanna got out of the car and felt the fresh breeze coming off of Lake Erie.  The water was choppy and pleasant sounding.  Erie looked like an ocean.  
Ayanna looked back at the driver.  "You know where I'm supposed to go?"
"Nope."  Then he pulled the car away.
There were a number of vessels moored at several newly constructed piers.   At a dry-dock was a huge ship that was under construction.  She couldn't stop staring at it.  She studied everything about it.  Why would Ohio even need such a ship?
"Seaman!"
Ayanna turned around, seeing a man dressed in all white with a blue baseball style cap.  "Me?"
"Yes.  Report to that big white building over there."
Seaman?  The very idea. . .Erie was not a sea, but a lake.  She was not a man.  There was nothing whatsoever right about being called a "seaman".  "Lakewoman" made more sense.
Ayanna proceeded to the building.  She wondered if everyone else was wearing white.  She still had her desert pattern camouflage fatigues on.  She went in and saw a bunch of twenty year-old men and women standing there in their underwear.
A older guy was buzzing off the hair of the next person in line.  "Seaman, get your clothes off and get in line."
Ayanna sighed.  She was in the process of following orders and noticed that she was being checked out by a couple of other seamen, who were actually men.  How demeaning.
Ayanna got in line and used her arms to cover up what she could like everyone else was doing.  The hair thing didn't bother her so much.  She was not in love with her hair that much anyhow.  
After the hair was done, she was handed two sets of clothes, a dark blue hat, and a duffle bag.  She put on the clothes.  Her head felt like it was freezing until she put the hat on. 
The guy handing her the clothes didn't do too badly sizing her up.  A little baggy, but okay.  The man said something unclear,
"What?" Ayanna asked.
"I said go out back to the other building!"
Ayanna found her way to the other building after the snappish instructions.
The room was full of about fifty sailors, all dressed in white.  Some older men were at the front waiting on the last ones to assemble.
"Attention!" someone shouted.
"All right.  I am Captain Bernard, skipper of the big fish out there, the OSS Justin D. LeHew.  You, ladies and gentlemen, are the crew."
"A hubbub went through the sailors."
"Quiet! The Captain is talking!"
"The job of everyone in this room is to help contractors construct the LeHew.  Do a good job, because your life will depend upon it.  The way you do this, is you do whatever you are told to do, and do it the way you are told to do it.  The LeHew is going to help make Ohio the superior naval power in the Lake.  The LeHew will help to plug up the Axis from sending vessels into the Lake, and possibly invading Ohio on the north shore.  The mission of this ship is critical, and it is secret.  For now you are not allowed to send mail to anyone.  We are going to send mail to your primary family.  So do not try to or you will be subject to discipline.  The officers will come up now and read names.  When you hear your name, go with that officer."
Ayanna heard her name called and went forward. 
"Crawford?"
"Yes sir."
"I'm Lieutenant Kirkendahl."
"Nice to meet you, Lieutenant."  Ayanna saluted.  She noticed that the navy Lieutenant insignia was the same as the Army Captain insignia.  How confusing.
"Yea, Go with Petty Officer Vinton."  Kirkendahl saluted back.  "Make sure you write your name on the name patch with your marker."
"Yes, sir.  Yes, Petty Officer Vinton."  Ayanna did not know what naval ranks were.  This naval crap was going to be a pain to get used to, if ever.  
Vinton said, "Its aye-aye around here, Crawford.  And you can call me 'Vinnie';  just 'Vinnie'." 
"Aye aye, Vinnie."
"That will work, Crawford.  Follow me."
They went up the steep gangplank to board the LeHew.  
Vinnie said, "I was told you could read."
"Aye Vinnie, but I can't swim."
Vinnie laughed.  "Let's hope you never need to."
They walked by some beefy young guys who were heating up rivets to pound into place on the ship's all steel construction.  What a horrible job. Certainly nothing Ayanna wanted any part of."
Ayanna asked Vinnie, "Is this ship going to bankrupt the State?"  This project made Fort Wilcox at home look like nothing.  They made their way to the front of the ship.
"Yes, its plenty expensive but it is a converted freighter with reinforced armor."
They continued to the bow of the ship.
"Here it is,"  Vinnie said.
"Whoooa!" Ayanna said, looking at an eight-inch deck gun.
Vinnie said, "This baby is not modern.  In fact, it is new, but of a very old design.  It came out of a foundry in Indiana."  Vinnie pointed at one of the cannonballs.  "But if this gun puts that on your boat, you will have a problem." 
"How far will it shoot?"
"Five hundred yards, no problem."
Ayanna asked, "You've shot it?"
Vinnie said, "Not really. . .what we need is for you to know everything possible about how this sweetheart is made; how it works; how to hit the target; how to fix it; everything.  We have drawings here and an operation manual for you to study.  Know it front and back."
Ayanna thought, this is getting weirder by the minute.  There was so much that she didn't know.  She realized her jaw was still open.  "Is that all?"
"That's your job Crawford.  We're counting on you."
At least Ayanna figured she was not going to have to do anything as treacherous as metal working.



 
Chapter 35
After a couple of days, two things became clear to Ayanna about the cannon.  First, the cannon was a simple gun to shoot.  About like a muzzle loader.   There were some safety precautions that had to be followed.  
Secondly, it was extremely hard to hit anything with the cannon.  There was page after page of mathematical equations on ballistic trajectory.  No one had ever taught her any of this it looked totally cryptic, she wanted to give up.
"Hey!"  
Ayanna looked up.  A large recruit was moving a section of chain across the deck.  
"The man said, "Is that all you do, is sit there and read that stuff?"
"Yes."
"Why?"
"I was told to."
  The big guy came over to where Ayanna was sitting and dripped drops of sweat down on her documents.
Ayanna took her sleeve and wiped it off.
"Sorry, Crawford."
Ayanna looked at his name patch, "No worries, Garfield.  What they got you doing here?"
"I'm carrying stuff around for the welders right now.  I'm gonna be the guy who shoots the cannon here."
"Oh you are, huh?"
"Yes."
"So who told you that?"
"Vinnie."
"Garfield, do you know how to hit the target with the cannon?"
"I guess you just aim it at it."
"Nice."  Phil always told Ayanna to simplify complex things in her mind.  Break them down.  Ayanna imagined that she could hear Phil tell her, "You don't need all that dang math.   Just shoot the dang thing."  
At least by studying the math, she was able to determine some things about shooting the cannon.  There has to be a maximum distance angle to compensate for ball drop.  If you lower the gun higher or lower than that angle, the next shot won't go as far.  There was nothing in the stupid documents about factoring in the ship's speed or the target's speed.  Even the wind speed could affect the flight of the heavy cannonball.
Maybe during the next five years she would never have to shoot the stupid thing at the enemy.  Firing a cannon with no training.  How stupid is this?  They would never leave such a thing to chance back in Crawfordton.  "Hey Vinnie!"
"What Crawford?!"
"Doesn't anyone here know how to shoot a nineteenth century cannon, and hit a moving target while we're moving, in a strong wind?"
Petty Officer Vinton said, "Well, since you put it that way, No.  But actually, it sounds like you are starting to get it."
"You guys aren't asking much, are you? This is pissing me off."
"Crawford!  We don't have anyone else!  I can't help it!"
"Why not!?"
"Honestly. . . Because the last cannon blew up and they all got killed."
"What?!  Oh now I feel waaay better!  Damn!  Sorry for your loss, but you could have said something!"
"Now calm down Crawford.  I was going to tell you when we go through the steps."
"Really?!  When was this supposed to be?!"
"Tomorrow."
"Great!  All I have to do, according to Garfield here is to 'Aim the gun'. No problem."  Ayanna went back over to her documents and started studying them again.  
Garfield looked over and shrugged his shoulders, wondering if he had said anything wrong.
Ayanna slammed the documents back down on the deck, "Here's the deal, Vinnie.  I might be responsible for all of the lives on this ship someday, and if I can't make this gun hit the enemy, or get close enough so they will stop laughing, then we could all die!
"Crawford!" Lieutenant Kirkendahl said.  "I want to speak to you in the office."  
"Aye aye sir," she saluted.
The Lieutenant led Ayanna down the gangplank to the Station Office.  "Crawford, I heard what you said out there."
"I'm just very stressed over this whole thing, Sir."
"Actually, I like what I am hearing.  You won't accept failure.  You want things done right.  We were considering it, but now I've made my decision.  Crawford, I'm going to make you ensign over the main gun."
"Sir?  What's an ensign?"
"You still report to me, but Vinnie reports to you now.  So, no more frustration with him or yelling.  You need to be confident.  Let Vinnie do any yelling that needs done."
"Aye, Lieutenant.  Thank you."  Ayanna hoped the promotion came with a pay raise.  Her pay was only a fraction of what she made as a spy.  "I do have one concern, Sir."
"Yes?"
"I noticed there's no rifling in the barrel of our cannon.  It will never be very accurate."
"We know, Crawford.  It's primitive.  They don't have the technology to rifle the barrels yet.  Do the best you can with it, Ensign."
"Aye, Lieutenant."







 

Chapter 36
"Clear the Deck!" The Lieutenant commanded.  The OSS LeHew was still in dry-dock, but the cannon trial could still be completed.  The gun crew consisted of Petty Officer Vinnie, Seaman Garfield, a skinny Asian Seaman named Giang, and Seaman Brice, a petite woman.
Most of the crew had evacuated the LeHew as a precaution.  But they still wanted to watch the event.
The Captain had a small lifeboat taken out about 300 yards and told the gun crew, "I dare you to hit it."
Ayanna sighed, waiting for the important event to unfold one way or the other.  "All right, Vinnie, take it from the top.  Fire."
Brice put a charge of powder into the end of the muzzle loading cannon.  Giang pushed the "charge", which is a cloth baggie of gunpowder down into the breach.  Garfield's upper body flexed as he picked up the steel cannonball and set it into the muzzle.  Brice opened the air vent on the breach of the cannon and inserted a fuse until it touched the charge.   Vinnie lit it.  
"Everyone back!" Vinnie warned.
Everyone on the deck, including Captain Bernard and Lt. Kirkendahl ran back as far as they could and still see the cannon and the target.
They waited.  About a minute went by.
Vinnie said, "This is taking a good bit longer than I thought."
"Yea," Ayanna said.  "But it has to. . ."  BLAM!  The whole ship shook from the blast.
"Whoa!" Brice said.
Garfield said, "That was awesome!  Did you see that?!"
Ayanna said, "Yea.  We missed by. . .a lot.  Let's go through this again, Vinnie."
"Aye Ensign."
The crew returned to the cannon.
Ayanna said, "Lower the barrel 10 degrees, go right 5 degrees."
Garfield made the adjustments.  Brice was in the process of putting the next charge into the cannon.
"Stop!"  Ayanna said.   The crew looked at Ayanna.
"Vinnie!  Close the vent to suffocate any sparks in the cannon.  Giang, use that sponge.  This must be done every time, even in a battle."
"Aye, Ensign"
The sponge was on a long stick.  It was kept damp and used to snuff out any sparks left after firing the cannon so when the next charge of powder was put into the muzzle it didn't explode too soon.
After Giang sponged the barrel, Brice put in the charge.
"Were going to do this the fast way this time," Ayanna said.  "Giang, use that ramrod and punch a hole in that charge so it ignites faster."
Giang made sure the charge was punched.  Then Garfield put in the cannonball.
Ayanna said, "Brice, instead of inserting a fuse, just put a bit of powder on the vent, the Vinnie touch it with the candle."
The instant Vinnie touched the candle to the vent the cannon fired.  This time the entire crew was standing next to the gun when it fired.
"Cool!" Garfield said, "This is so awesome!"
The ball sent up a spout of water up quite a distance away from the lifeboat.  Ayanna was at a loss.  There was no way to do a bunch of calculating in a battle.  By the time the cannon gets fired, the target, or they would move.  This situation was an embarrassment.  Why was she even doing this?  There were a lot of other things she would be better at.
Brice immediately shut the vent.
"Good work, Brice," Ayanna said.  "Hey Garfield."
"Aye."
"Aim the cannon."
"Um. . ."  Garfield was taken aback.
"Garfield.  Aim it," Ensign Crawford repeated.
"Aye!"  Without looking at the markers, Garfield stared at the lifeboat and made some adjustments.
Vinnie barked, "Come on crew!  Quickly, do not miss a step!
The crew went through the steps three times as fast and the cannon was lit.  It fired.  The LeHew heaved again when the cannon fired.  A spout of water went up about ten or fifteen yards in front of the lifeboat.  
"Woooooooo!  Yes!" Garfield pumped his fist.
Giang waved the ramrod in a victory dance.  Brice was jumping up and down clapping.
Ayanna's head throbbed from the blasting.   It was not her passion.
Captain Bernard said, "That's enough.  Save the ammunition.  I don't want my lifeboat ruined.  Good work everyone." 
The Captain and the Lieutenant left the fore deck.
"Awww!" Garfield said.  "Man, I love this!  I wanted to do some more!"
Ayanna was still concerned about safety.  "We are going to do a dry run on this one hundred times.  No powder or ball.  If anyone messes up with the vent or the sponge, we start all over.  Is that clear?"
The crew said "Aye" in unison.
Ensign Crawford said, "I'll keep track of how many times you do it.  Vinnie, take charge."
"Aye, Ensign."


 





 

Chapter 37
Ayanna thought the navy life, compared to what she was used to was rather cushy.  A decent bed in the barracks.  The food was like having a feast.  The work was different, but not physically demanding.
Every day the gun crew spent most of their time working on the OSS LeHew's construction.  They spent most of their time applying a paint that seemed like it was of such low quality that it was a waste of time and money.
Ayanna was put in various areas of the ship to increase her knowledge of it.  The engine room, navigation, fire fighting, etc.  She was not thrilled with any of it.  However, it was her nature to put forth the best effort that she could on any job.
Even though the construction work was their main task, the gun crew still had daily firing drills, all dry runs.
One day while at the cannon, a group of six seamen marched up to the bow with AR-15s.  The Ensign, a very short guy told them to fire.  They each used up a magazine of ammunition.  One of them had his gun jam.
Ayanna said, "Hey! What are you doing?"
The Ensign said, "We're doing a deck defense drill."
"What?!"  Ayanna walked over to the seaman who had the jammed rifle.  "This thing is filthy.  Why would you walk out here in a drill and waste a bunch of ammunition like that?  What if we were firing the deck gun?"
The short Ensign said, "Why don't you mind your own business!  What makes you think you know anything about guns?!   You probably have never ever shot one!"
"You don't have a clue what you are talking about!"
"All I ever see you do is sitting there at that cannon, or playing like you are firing it!"
Hearing the shouting, Lieutenant Kirkendahl came to investigate.  "Ensigns.  Let's go down to the office."
Ayanna sighed.  That's twice now she had been pulled off of the deck to go to the office for outbursts.  This time may not work out so well.  Ayanna could hear Amy's voice in her head, "God is getting you back for talking like a sailor by making you go into the Navy."
The two Ensigns sat in front of Lieutenant Kirkendahl's desk.
The Lieutenant said, "Right now we are all trying to learn our jobs.  Ohio is not a big maritime State.  And our cannon is new."
Ayanna said, "There is nothing for me to learn to do his job."
Kirkendahl said, "Oh really?  What makes you say that?"
Ayanna said, "I understand battle tactics. . .fully. . .on land.  And I know how to keep a gun clean so it rarely jams up."
The other Ensign said, "Hey!  Guns jam!"
"That's right,"   the Lieutenant said. 
Ayanna asked, "Do those seamen know how to take down and clean their gun?"
The short Ensign said, "We don't assign specific assault rifles to specific seamen."
"That's a problem," Ayanna said.  "And why would we train them to walk around and shoot?  What are they supposed to be doing?  Can't they do more than that?"
"Like what?" the Lieutenant asked.
"Like at least hitting the deck when they are firing."
The short Ensign started laughing.  "What do you think they are, action heroes or something?  Why can't your cannon even hit a rowboat?"
Ayanna just took it.  Phil said just keep taking it before you knife them, or something like that.
The Lieutenant said, "I can't believe how lowly you Ensigns think of each other.  Since you both think the other has such an easy job, I am going to have you swap jobs now.  I was wanting to cross train everyone as much as possible anyway."
Ayanna said, "I look forward to my new responsibilities, Sir."
"Me too," the other Ensign said.
"You both start tomorrow."
 
It was time to do something about it.  Now was a good time since they were all on shore leave, otherwise known as a day off.  But who would she get to show her how to swim?  The logical choice was Vinnie.  He was older than the recruits so they wouldn't get the wrong idea.  He already knew Ayanna did not know how to swim.
At mess time, Ayanna saw Vinnie setting with a few other Petty Officers.  "Vinnie, can I see you after lunch?"
"Aye, Ensign."
After she left the table they started chortling.
Then later Vinnie met Ayanna in the hall.  "Vinnie, can you show me how to swim?  You don't have to."
"It wouldn't do for a navy officer to not be able to swim.  It would be my privilege.  Sure."
Later that day they met away from the Station and got into the Lake.  Vinnie taught Ayanna to float, which she couldn't do very well because she had a high body density; a lot of muscle and small amount of fat.  But she trusted him to hold her up while floating on her back so she could get used to the sensation.  After she got used to doing it she found it very pleasant.  Vinnie also had her float on her stomach while holding her breath.  Soon she was treading water.
Vinnie said, "Now all you have to do Ensign is to propel yourself through the water.  You know, use your arms and legs.
She was moving!  It was an enjoyable sensation.  But then she panicked a bit when she realized she was getting in some deep water.
"You're fine, Sir.  Now just turn and come back."
Ayanna came back and snorted water out of her nose.  "Thanks so much, Vinnie.  I had no idea it was so easy.  I was just scared of the water all this time."
"Glad to help."
"I'm just going to stay here and practice."
"I'll stay here up on the shore.  Just in case.  I got nothing better to do right now."
"Thank you."  Ayanna realized that while wearing the white undies in the water,  she was probably putting on a type of "Ella show" for Vinnie, but put it out of her mind.  He was being harmless.
While Ayanna was practicing, Vinnie told her that the crew missed her.  They didn't want that new guy.  Now Ayanna wondered if she was better off or not starting over with a new crew.  "They were going to move us around anyhow, Vinnie."
 

Chapter 38
In the morning Ayanna met with her Squad on the deck.  The Squad was led by Petty Officer Glass.   The first order of business was to issue guns to the six Squad members.  Then, Ayanna gave them training on completely tearing down the rifles and cleaning them out.  They put them together and tore them down a half dozen times.
The following day, the Squad never set foot on the LeHew.  Ayanna wanted to train them on land.  She ran them around, explaining inferior force tactics and setting ambushes.  Then she had them construct practice trenches, and spider holes.  
None of the men showed any zeal for doing their job.  They didn't feel it was important.  Was it the way she was training them?  The Deck Gun Crew showed a lot more enthusiasm than this Squad.
Ayanna wanted to give up again.  This was going nowhere.  It's no wonder they didn't get any training.  It all seemed so pointless.  Rather than waste full days putting energy into something not useful, she put the Squad back into the general labor pool for getting the LeHew's construction done.
 
Later that week it was time to launch the OSS LeHew.  The Admiral of the Ohio Navy was there, along with other senior military officers.  The large ship slid back into the water.  She had a  lot lower waterline, with all of the added armor.  A tug pulled the LeHew up to the pier and the crew went up the much lowered gangplank to board.
The LeHew was to put on a demonstration for the Admiral, so they definitely wanted to fire off the deck gun.  
Ayanna thought she would just have her squad hoist a lifeboat down into the water and the squad, in full gear would get into the boat, and row away from the mother ship.  The Captain thought it was a fine idea and approved it.
The Admiral and company got into their staff car and drove around the Marblehead Peninsula so they could see the LeHew on the open waters of the Lake.
Ayanna was surprised at the speed of the ship for its size.  It must be using up a lot of valuable fuel that could be used on tractors out in the fields to raise crops.
Out in the open water they saw other ships.  A large vessel, about the size of the LeHew, was the WSS Green Bay, the Admiral's flagship.  The Green Bay was armed with a couple of heavy machine guns, and who knows what else.
There were several other ships in the flotilla.  It was not clear what they were used for, but the display of naval power by the standards of the day was impressive.
The deck gun fired.  Ayanna took that as her cue for her sluggish Squad to lower the boat and climb down the cargo net into it.
The Admiral was looking through his binoculars.  The Admiral said, "Now I like that."
"What is that sir," an underling asked, "the cannon?"
"Oh yea.  You gotta like the cannon, but look at those seamen in that landing boat.  I don't like it."
"I see them.  That does seem a little odd."
The Admiral looked awhile longer.  "Oh I love their initiative.  What I meant by 'odd" was that Marines should have green uniforms. . .and a ship more suitable for amphibious landings."
"Marines, Sir?"
"Yes, I think we have out there the nucleus to build the Ohio Marine Corps."  The Admiral turned to the shadowy contact he made through the Ohio Army.  "We're starving for top young talent, just like our enemy is.  They say she more than passes every test they can throw at her, practically reinventing the answers.  What do you think, Williams?   Is your woman up to the task?"
Elijah said, "I'm pretty sure there's nothing on Earth that could restrain her from taking an offer like building the Marine Corps.  Do me a personal favor Admiral."
"Tell me."
"Offer her the job over a game of chess," Elijah said.
"Find me some more people like that, and I'll play Candyland with them if they'll agree."
THE END 


Thank you for reading  AYANNA.  Please tell others about it.  Want to see more in this series?  Please review this book at your favorite retailer's web site.   
AYANNA is also available in paperback.  Why not share your reading experience and buy it as a gift?  Or, get it for yourself when the grid goes down!

Additional Reading. . .
Why not check out the prequel to AYANNA?  KINGS and CLANS of the Midwest, also by Den Warren.  See how the trouble all started.  Get the back story on many of the characters and factions.  Read about the fighting that took place.
Look for  KINGS and CLANS of the Midwest in paperback, or as an e-Book.
https://denwarren.wordpress.com/

