
~ The Quantum Mechanic ~




Stormfront
Novella I of The Quantum Mechanic Series
Special Release Edition - with Illustrations



By: Jason Faris

Published by Jason Faris
Copyright© 2015, Jason Faris

http://www.quantummechanicbook.com/



For Olivia

First Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author..

Table of Contents

Part I - Stormfront

Chapter 1 - Morning Star
Chapter 2 - Agonist
Chapter 3 - In the Valley of the Shadow
Chapter 4 - Didymus
Chapter 5 - Aftermath
Chapter 6 - Masada
Chapter 7 - Gehenna
Chapter 8 - Abaddon

Postscript
About the Author
Stay Connected

Chapter 1

Morning Star
Ezekiel 28:15



“Remember that all through history, there have been tyrants and murderers, and for a time, they seem invincible. But in the end, they always fall... Always.”

― Mahatma Gandhi

March 17, 2031

Bao-Zhi drifted. 
With his arms extended, he undulated the webbing between his fingers, feeling the flow of the current. Letting the river carry him and his team along like this was a welcome change. A typical mission usually involved critically tight schedules, and it took a lot of effort just to move around undetected. He was unaccustomed to being able to relax like this. But the downtime gave him time to reflect, and so he allowed the gentle swells and ebbs of the current to slip him into something like a meditative state. Occasionally, one of the muted signals of the river’s transports would tone out a warning or hail that filtered down to him, like the eerie calls of unseen leviathans.
The isolation that came with this kind of underwater travel suited Bao. It distanced him from the normal frenetic drumbeat of his life, and he was grateful. So he quieted his mind, and allowed the water to embrace him, granting a moment of drifting stillness.
In the constant bombardment of information that was his world, this was the closest thing he knew he would ever find to peace - this small moment of quiet. So as he flowed through the aquatic environment he drank it in. He knew there would be no golden years for him. He would not spend his last days in the quiet of a well-earned retirement. There would never be a warm home filled with the tiny footsteps of children. 
No, Bao knew that his end would most likely be very different, filled with pain, fear, and desperation. He would not spend his last moments surrounded by family. His only companion in death would be the aching loneliness known by those who perish alone. 
That thought, and the inevitable chain of self-recriminations that followed, were abruptly cut short by the soundless click of his neurolytic comm.

>: Target in four hundred meters.
>: One minute twelve seconds to range. 
>: Passive sonar engaged.

In response to the last phrase, deep green light illuminated the waterway ahead, showing him a tightly gridded rendering of every surface. Bao mused, not for the first time, about the clear sterility of the voice of the feed. Impersonal as it was, the intrusions of this factual data had grown comforting and familiar to him. Over the years it had become like an angel on his shoulder, whispering, and feeding information directly into his cerebral cortex. Like a sixth sense, this toneless voice gifted him with knowledge of his world that went far beyond human perception. With fearful dread, and an oddly perverse feeling of superiority, he knew that its loss would bring him a silence so profound that it would unquestionably lead to madness. He also knew that this was probably the very last thing he should be dwelling on. If he were to ever devote himself to creating a list of the reasons he had for fear, it would stretch beyond the horizon long before he finished.
So Bao had embraced this strange new window into the unknowable. It was his neurolytic seraphim, his beacon, and his personal line to the digital gods. Although removing it would tear out an irreplaceable part of his soul. Bao was resigned to the fact that he would more likely face death before the loss of his muse. It was one of the few cold comforts he had.

>: Initiating sensory integration. 
>: One hundred fifty meters to target. 
>: Twenty seven seconds to acquisition range.

Bao felt the sickening but familiar wave of nausea as the alien input of his team mates senses streamed into his occipital lobes, hypothalamus, midbrain, and auditory neural clusters. It slammed and jangled across the taut strings of his disciplined mind like a chorus of broken instruments or shrieking animals. Unlike the other "gifts" from the state, his neurology was not adaptable to this overload. Secondary systems kicked in to filter and tune the flood of sensations to something he could process. Slowly, it dampened and smoothed itself out, eventually gliding over his perceptions like the cool skin of a woman's caress... or perhaps the reptilian slither of some more bestial bedmate. Often the sensation would revisit him before sleep, and he would struggle to distinguish which it was - or which he would prefer. But the query was moot and he knew it. This new life precluded either the caresses of love or the creeping sensations of serpentine touch. The donning of war's armor requires payment and his price had been intimacy.
He sometimes wondered how the women of his unit experienced these things. Were their sensations the same, or sexually inverted in some way? Did it touch them with the strong calloused hands of some past lover, while also simulating some equally revolting counterpart? Bao had never ventured to ask, even during the transformative years when they had each left their humanity behind. There had been many larger issues to concern themselves with as they learned their new bodies. There were things that were lost. There were things that were gained. There were things that remained difficult to define or express, even now. An overwhelming sense of physical dislocation had been something they often suffered back then. It was a struggle for them all, but for some it had reached crisis proportions. One of the men had failed his psychiatric evaluations and been summarily decommissioned. One of the women - Li Xia, code named 'Two', had edged dangerously near to madness. But Bao had intervened, stepping in to bring her back from the edge. It had taken months of mentoring, meditation, and therapy for her to strengthen, but now she was his most trusted teammate, and more importantly... his lover.
She was a passionate woman, attacking their feverish and sometimes painful couplings as if she sought to wring every last drop of experience from what was left of her femininity. He enjoyed their time together immensely, but like everything else that made them who they were he knew it would eventually fade. Such things were inevitable as he and his teammates travelled down what they had been conditioned to know as the golden path. Family, friends, and flesh were the price of the irreversible course they took and it gave no quarter to those who sought to tread it.

>: Ten meters to target. 
>: Target within acquisition range.

Bao focused his attention on the curved and mossy surface looming ahead. He knew he had to time this right and that he would not get a second chance. He had learned at the last bridge that the current here was swift, precluding anyone from swimming upstream regardless of skill or physical prowess. If he miscalculated, he would simply slide off or bounce away. That would leave Two to lead the team in completing this part of the mission, and Bao would have to rendezvous with them downstream. In all the time they had been together as a unit Bao had never let his team down, and he wasn't about to start now. In his peripheral vision he monitored the proximity readings cycling rapidly down to zero. 
Then, in a carefully timed, but seemingly casual gesture, he reached out and pressed his right palm to the green slimed surface as it slid by. Instantly, his hand adhered to the underlying concrete and the current swung him around. Pressing his left palm to the surface gave Bao a second point for leverage and he used that to press the balls of his feet to the structure. Clinging there like an underwater Spiderman, he paused to focus on the extraneous streams of information still coursing over his brain. Through his teammates senses he observed them as they grasped and clung to the massive bridge support. Then he keyed open his comm and coded out their orders.

>: Two and Three - Surface, secure the perimeter and deploy counter surveillance
>: Four and Five - Prepare the grappler and wait for signal from Two
>: Six - Decant the ordinance
>: Seven and Eight - Secure the underwater skiff and await further orders

A single click from each of them was the only acknowledgments he received. Four, Five and Six swung the watertight packs on their backs around to their chests and began quickly assembling equipment. Two and Three rose silently to the surface. They barely left a ripple as they allowed only enough of their heads to rise out of the water so that they could see. With as much speed as was possible while still remaining carefully adhered to the bridge support, they scanned the shorelines for hundreds of meters in both directions. Bao knew by skimming their shared perception, that there was no movement or body heat visible.
Then Three stiffened slightly, and Bao felt a short, controlled burst of tension and focus across their connection.
Knowing from his years of experience with her that she needed no guidance, Bao kept his silence as she detached a small sphere from her side and carefully adhered it to the cement an arm’s length from the water's surface. In seconds, the micro scanners within the device connected wirelessly to Three's cerebral implants for targeting data. A half second after the connection was made, an invisible beam of light stabbed across the hundreds of meters to shore and focused in on a surveillance camera mounted above a riverside restaurant. The intensity of the light driven into the camera lens caused massive diffraction, and ensured that any viewer would see nothing but bright white haze. 
Bao knew the tiny laser had enough power for thirty minutes. More than enough time for his team to do their job and be many kilometers away before the camera's eye could see again.
Two signaled an 'all clear' through her comm, and in response the rest of the team rose swiftly to the surface. With military precision they unloaded the underwater skiff they had been towing. From within its watertight hold came tools, equipment, explosives, and a climbing device they had termed 'the grappler'. A sinister looking thing, it had an angular body and long spindly legs that the team adhered to the bridge support. Once it was secure, Six connected a pitchfork shaped head to the device, detached the trigger, and sent a signal that they should move to a safe distance.
Silently the team sank back beneath the surface to a safe depth and Six triggered the grappler. A deep, powerful thud sent a pressure wave through the water as the serrated spikes rocketed upwards into the bottom of the bridge's lower deck. Two embedded themselves less than 30 centimeters from each side, while the third sank deeply into the structure's center.
Rising back to the surface, the team split into pairs to connect speed winches to each line. They clipped themselves on, and skittered up the cement surface like the venomous black insects of some screaming nightmare. Had anyone been watching, it would have been the fuel for a lifetime of night terrors. For the black figures that rose from the water looked like men and women, but moved with an inhuman grace that would have chilled the blood. None of the tiny moments of rest that checker every human effort were present. There was no leaning for support, or pausing to let the lactic acid flow from an aching muscle. The dark figures simply glided effortlessly about in complete defiance of the laws of nature. 
The initial horror incurred by the eyes of that phantom witness would not have been the last though, for seconds later they would have felt that something else was wrong about the demonic figures. Then it would hit them... although perfectly proportioned, and as ideal an example of the human form as had ever been seen, they were completely out of scale to their surroundings.
Each of the languid abominations was easily twice the height of a normal man. Massive fists gripped lines and stuck to bridge surfaces. Powerful arms rippled with undulating muscles that never twitched, shook, or strained. Colossal legs held them in place without shifting or effort and helmeted heads swiveled on muscular necks. Naked though they were, they showed no sign of discomfort, and their sexless black, snakeskin bodies gleamed in the moonlight.
Setting to work efficiently, the team bored holes to the proper depth in the bridge support, and mounted their explosives inside. Once long range remote triggers were inserted, everything was covered with fast drying foam that blended the holes into their surroundings. 
Bao was pleased; the setup of their fifth target was going as smoothly as the first four. If he still had lips he suspected he would have been smiling. In less than three minutes they triggered their winches in a perfectly synchronized dance and ascended again. Repeating the procedure twice more brought them to the bottom surface of the lower deck. Quickly, each team coiled up their line, and began crawling upside down like nightmarish insects towards the second support structure. Beneath them the cold waters of the Ohio swept on. 
This was not the first time the river had brought forth murderers, and it would not be the last.
Chapter 2
Agonist
Jonah 2 1:10



"Raffiniert ist der Herrgott, aber boshaft ist er nicht."
("Subtle is the Lord, but malicious He is not.")

- Einstein

October 23, 2027

Jacob lay curled in a fetal position, muttering indistinguishable words and low moans as he turned. The single sheet on his cot knotted about him as his hands grasped and clutched. Deep within his mind, memories and visions battered him.
He was in the dream again, helplessly pulled down a path he knew all too well. No matter how hard he fought or struggled it was futile. The journey could begin anywhere in his past, but would always end the same way - at the dark and burgeoning fate he would do anything to escape.
He knew he would be taken back to the nightmare and torture soon, but not before visions of his wasted opportunities and failures would be dangled before him. It was already happening. A point of heartache that would serve best as a doorway to his pain was working its way to the surface.
Jacob watched his childhood flash by. The confused and astonished looks adults would give him when he asked questions they couldn't answer... questions that had never occurred to them. He overheard his minister telling his parents that he was gifted, "with an innate talent for interpreting the Bible."
He watched, as he and his brother Aaron fought back to back behind the school against four older boys. He saw the look of panic on his mother's face when they stumbled home, bloody and bruised. They sat quietly in the truck the following day while their father spoke with a Karate teacher two towns over. Then he felt his father's firm handshake when he earned his black belt. The first touches of manhood spread over his heart on that day, a strange mixture of self-respect, excitement, and loneliness. 
Now High School came, and with it a fascinations with girls, Bible study, history, and mathematics. He saw Aaron winning their first martial arts tournament. He felt the ravenous hunger of his intellect, as he had skipped classes and still managed to make perfect marks. He remembered running track, competing on the school wrestling team, and stepping in the way of every bully he could find. The bruises he and his brother had received from that first fight had faded, but a complete intolerance for senseless aggression had taken their place. He wept as he dug a small backyard grave for the beagle who had been his childhood best friend. He watched as the door to his innocence closed.
He stood paralyzed with the rest of the world, and watched as a mushroom cloud foiled up on his family's TV. The city of Mecca had been vaporized in an instant of radioactive revenge. He saw the furrow of worry that crossed his father's brow whenever there was news about the Middle East.
He remembers seeing confusion (and fear?) on the face of his Advanced Physics teacher when she looked over his latest theories. He felt wonder and excitement at the intricate, irrefutable, and interdependent connections he discovered between religion, history, and physics. He filled his room with piles of notebooks and papers that were only rivaled by his book collection in size and scope. 
He recalled how he had confounded and infuriated his teachers with impossible questions, and yet he somehow remained oblivious to the hopeful looks that many girls cast at him from under their dark lashes. He blushed, remembering when Theresa Vallard, a girl whose plump lips had filled the fantasies of many of his classmates, pulled him under the bleachers and french kissed him. He blushed even more when he thought of their Prom night together.
Later, acceptance letters and scholarship offers had streamed in, with Harvard, Yale, and MIT among them. He remembered the horrible guilt he had felt explaining to his parents that he wanted to go to Divinity School instead. 
Then he remembered the day Aaron had revealed to the family that he had joined the Army. Admiration and confusion had flooded him when his brother had explained why he had to help fight the new Caliphate Alliance.
He relived the silent ride when his father drove him to Divinity School. He recalled the tearing and confusion he had felt in himself as he waved goodbye. Then with a final look back at his father's receding truck, he had turned away from the school, and instead of going in to register, he walked away. It was a simple and innocuous movement, but it was the one that had turned him away from any hope of a normal life. Instead, he watched as his younger self ate alone in the corner of a diner and wrote a letter his parents. He felt the rain that had come down while he sat there. He remembered how he long he had wrestled with his conscience.
Then the memories pulled him roughly from his role of observing, into actually reliving the dream. With a shove they took him back to his first mistake, his first failure. The moment his foot was set upon this path. The path that led to his damnation, the path to hell. It all felt as real as when it happened eight years earlier, but strangely hollow. He knew the distance he felt had little to do with the miles or time that separated him from that event. Instead, it was the boy that stood there, and how innocent he was, that made Jacob feel remote. Looking at his younger, more naive self filled him with mourning.
Then he was standing under the tree in front of Estes Chapel, shivering in the predawn light. Rivulets of water ran down the stately columns and red bricking. The olive green canvas pack over his shoulder held the new workslate his parent's had bought him. It was the latest device to merge tablet, laptop, phone, and other technologies together, and was an extravagant gift for a family of their means. He felt guilty about how much it must have cost them, but he was still glad he had it. The foldable, glassy, palm sized powerhouse would be invaluable for the work he was about to undertake. So he had packed it carefully among his clothes, basic hygiene necessities, and three favorite books. He had debated on scanning them into the slate to save space, but in the end couldn't bring himself to do it. There was just something about holding them in his hands that he couldn't give up.
The first book, his father's heavy leather bound copy of the NIV Bible, was barely held together by a motley assortment of tape, staples, and rubber bands. Its struggle to retain some semblance of integrity wasn't helped by the scraps of paper, post-it notes, maps, and sketches stuffed into it. The volume looked more like the research tome of some eccentric biblical archaeologist than the possession of a seventeen year old boy.
The second book, an equally worn and abused “Apocrypha, The Deuterocanonical Old Testament", had the misfortune of being a paperback edition, and so had given up all attempts at staying in one piece. Absurdly, this maimed volume appeared to have even more notes and pages crammed into its pregnant and duct-taped form than the leather Bible.
The last book was also a paperback, titled "The Quantum Conundrum" by Frederick DuPrie Ph.D., and appeared to have only begun its journey towards disintegration at the hands of its owner.
Jacob could feel cold dollops of rain dripping through his hair and streaming unwelcome into his collar. His flannel work shirt clung wetly to him, revealing a profile built through years of hard work. The same was true for the jeans that adhered to his legs. His waist, although not narrow, was compact and cinched by a wide leather belt. Only his feet were still warm, safely encased in wool socks and the gortex boots he bought the previous day.
For a moment he considered pulling the scuffed black leather jacket in his pack out, but decided to let it be. What was the point? He was already soaked to the bone and more or less water wasn't going to make any difference. The sun was coming up anyway, and soon some dedicated man of the cloth or a zealous student would notice him if he wasn't on his way. So he stepped back behind the elm, hoping it could shield him from discovery a little longer. 
Then he heard it, the hiss and squeal of air brakes as a school bus pulled up behind him. The bus filled with the missionaries he had joined, headed for the Sinai Peninsula. So, with a last longing look at the chapel he turned and walked away. The bus doors slapped open, and he pulled his workslate from his pack as he boarded. Once in his seat he turned it on and pensively contemplated the letter to his parents. He knew the effect it would have on them, but he also knew there wasn't anything for him at Divinity School, or any other school for that matter. The answers he sought could only be found in Sinai.
So he thumbed the "SEND" button and closed his eyes. There was no going back now.
Chapter 3
In the Valley of the Shadow
Psalms: 23



“We’ll never survive!” 
“Nonsense. You’re only saying that because no one ever has.” 

― William Goldman, The Princess Bride

October 7, 2052

9:22AM EST

Subject: 
Jessica Saylor

Purpose of recording:
Addition to Library of Congress Quantum Mechanic archive records.

Category:
Confirmed Quantum Mechanic Incidents and/or encounters

Source:
First person dictation transcribed by Marcus Lillian, Federal Bureau of Investigation

Begin transcription

ML: OK you can begin whenever you want. Just start by introducing yourself and maybe giving us a little bit about why you're doing this.
JS: Oh, alright. Well, I'm Jessica Saylor. I'm thirty two years old and I'm from Wexton, Kentucky. Been there most of my life, but I traveled for a while, and I got to see a lot of places. Most of Europe, Australia, Japan, Korea, and some of the Middle East.... or at least what's left of it. 
I guess I’m just here to tell my story. I think it’s important we get everything straight about what happened. There are a lot of crazy people out there with crazy ideas about him, and crazy ideas about me. I think they're just plain crazy really. I mean, I can’t even search my name on the internet anymore. All I get are conspiracy theory and religious nutjob blogs. Kinda sucks.
Funny thing is, the truth is a lot more complicated, and unbelievable than anything they could make up. In a weird way it’s also a heck of a lot simpler, at least as far as having all of it make sense in the end. I should know, I mean - I was there. 
A lot of people think I'm important or something cause I was the first person he saved, and then he just had to keep saving me over and over. Sometimes I wonder if he ever got sick of me like... 'What? Didn't I just save you? What the hell?' Wish I could have returned the favor once. I guess that whole thing in Subic Bay was sorta mutual in a way. But in the end if he hadn't been there we all would have been fish food. So he gets credit for that one too if you think about it.
<laughs>
You remember how Lois Lane always just happened to be wherever the shit went down? Bomb threat to a building? Lois is having lunch there. Evil genius takes over the mini mall? Lois is there buying tampons. I mean, Superman should have just put a GPS on that woman, you know? I guess I was sorta like QM's Lois. Maybe I still am. I dunno.
But you know what irks me? He saved a LOT of people. Thousands. Maybe hundreds of thousands. But all the nutjobs wanna talk about is me. I’m no more important than any of those other people. They count too, you know? I was just closer to things. That don't make me special.
ML: It all started at the bridge attacks back in thirty one, right?
JS: Yeah, that's how it all started I guess. It was what got him to come out of hiding. That's when people saw what he could do - when he saved me. Sometimes I wonder if he would have kept it all secret if we had just been a little farther back on the bridge, or forward. Either way I would have died and he wouldn't have felt like he had to rescue me.
I guess it doesn't matter now; but that whole thing messed me up pretty bad. I was just a kid you know? I was eleven, and I was with my mom and dad. We drove onto the Brent Spence bridge right before they set the bombs off. I lost my mom and dad in like... a second. Happened right in front of me too. I saw the whole thing. It was like everything about who I was, or what I thought my life was, just exploded. My whole world blew up in my face... literally. 
I didn't really remember why we were driving up to Ohio. But my uncle Jacob was there and he told me later. He said they were going to look at this 69 Camaro some guy was selling. Dad thought maybe they could fix it up, resell it and make some money. Things were pretty tight I guess, and Dad loved cars. Uncle Jacob is amazing with them. Like he's Car Rain Man or something. I mean, he hardly ever talks, and I think if a girl ever kissed him he would... explode. But he can just look at a car and know what's wrong with it. Fixes it with a rubber band and a bobby pin you got layin around and somehow the car's BETTER than it was before it broke. It's kinda scary.
My Aunt Janelle... well I guess she's my great aunt really, cause she's my dad and uncle Jacob's aunt. Well, she says Uncle Jacob was real different when he was growing up. But then he came back from the Middle East and he just wasn't the same. Like he died, and some other guy came back in his skin. But she said he was getting better for a while, seemed like he might come back some. Then dad and mom died right in front of him....... and he couldn't do anything.... couldn't help me. Just had to stand there and.... watch. I think it broke him, you know? Like, really really broke inside. He doesn't ever smile or laugh or make jokes, never cries. Doesn't really talk unless someone asks him something, sometimes not even then. Aunt Janelle says that's how you know he thinks your question is stupid... or you're stupid. He don't answer stupid. 
So anyway.... me and mom were gonna go up to Aunt Janelle's and get our hair cut because she used to be a hairdresser. Dad was driving us there and Uncle Jacob was following us in his flatbed truck. Dad wanted it in case he decided to buy the car. That way they could get it home and me and mom would just drive back after our haircuts. Anyway, traffic in the cut in the hill going down to the bridge could be crazy back then. The new bridge made it a lot better. But back then all we had was the old Brent Spence and Aunt Janelle says it was a total fuck funnel. 
Uncle Jacob was following somewhere behind us in his big flatbed and it's not exactly a sports car. So he stayed in the right lane where the cars moved a lot slower, and I guess we got ahead of him a ways. I'm not sure how far 'cause I was just lying in the back of the minivan, playing with my doll Chelsie. I guess I was getting too old for dolls, but I wasn't ready to let go of her yet. Hanging on to Chelsie was sort of my way of hanging on to being a kid.
So we started over the bridge, and about halfway across there was this loud bang. Like the kind of loud that scares you right out of your mind. Then... it was like gravity and time just stopped. I guess the van got tossed up in the air cause all of a sudden I was floating, and it was so quiet... like, like the whole world just held its breath. I turned my head, and I realized I'd floated up near the roof. Everything was going in slow motion, but at the same time there was this feeling like we were moving really fast. Dad had his hand out on mom, and he was looking over his shoulder at me.
Mom's hair had floated up around her head and I remember thinking how pretty it was. Isn’t that a weird thing to think at a time like that? She was looking at dad and screaming with her hands up in front of her. I could see the nail on her left thumb had most of the polish chipped off. Blackberry bliss... we had painted each other’s nails a couple of days before that.
Then there was another bang, and everything went really fast.  Like time realized it had been slacking off and was running to get caught up. I got slammed to Mom's side of the van really hard. Like dad had made the sharpest left turn in history or something. I felt my left leg break. Pop. But it was far away... like a movie or something. I never felt whatever happened to my other leg. I saw Chelsie float up right in front of me.. then she went flying up by mom and dad, but my leg was all caught up in between the back seat and the side of the van. So I got slammed forward from the waist up and I hit my face on the middle seat really hard and broke my nose. Plus, my left arm got caught on something and I got what they call a 'spiral break'.  That's when all the bones get twisted so hard they all just shatter from one end to the other. It looked like somebody smashed it a bunch of times with a hammer and then stepped on it too for good measure. So you know... Holy Fuck - I felt that.
That's when I got scared. Really scared. The way my face hit that seat was harder than I could have imagined anything ever feeling. Then my arm snapped, and all of a sudden, this shit was real. Here I was - eleven, and I wasn't ready to die. But all of a sudden, I knew I could - and it was going to fucking hurt. I guess when you're a kid you don't really think you can die. You know? Then one day you find out that the world doesn't care about your starring role in "The World According to Jessica". Nope, didn't read the script. Be sure to use the exit marked "Dead". Don’t call us, and we won't call you - cause dead little girls don't answer the phone.
So I looked up, and he saw me... dad did. Looked right at me. Then ... it was like the whole world ended. At least my whole world. My parents died right in front of me, and... and soaked me in their blood. 
ML: So, the way the bridge came apart is why you weren't killed, right? Can you tell us how you remember that happening?
JS: Yeah. Well first the bridge broke into three pieces. We were on the bottom middle part. When the top middle part collapsed, a piece of it came down on the front half of the van and just smashed mom and dad into pulp. It happened so fast all the blood splashed back on me. 
So when I crawled out of the back of van, I was covered in my mom and dad’s blood, and brains, and... and all sorts of pieces of God knows what. My left leg was compound fractured with both bones sticking out. I had to pull myself out with my right arm on account of my other one looking like a pretzel. Funny thing was that the broken arm and leg were agony, but my right leg and hand didn't hurt at all. Probably because I left them in the van. 
The docs said they were "clean amputations" and acted all happy about it, like "Hey, looks like you just got the most extreme manni-pedi in history, and that tennis career is probably out of the question. But hey, at least it's a clean amputation!"
Fuckers.
They never found my hand or leg in the river or anything, so I guess they're fish poop now. I know it sounds crazy, but I honestly didn't notice they were gone. My other leg and arm hurt so bad they were all I could think about. Once I was out I just laid there face down on the cement. All I could do was breathe cause everything hurt so bad. I guess I was still trying to figure out what the hell just happened.
Then I looked up, and I realized that I was alone on the bridge and there was no way off. I was about six inches from the edge of a two hundred foot drop onto this big pile of concrete and smashed up cars in the river. The bridge was still moving and... shifting. I could hear cracks and breaking noises under me, and I knew it was going to fall. I couldn't believe it. I had just dragged myself out of a hell of exploding brains with the only working limb I had, and now I was just going to fall and die anyway. I think I laughed... or... it was something like a laugh.
Then I looked over at the road and all these people were standing there at the edge. The cars were stopped all crazy and some had gone over into the river. They were screaming and pointing at me and yelling things I couldn't understand. A lot of them were crying and I think a couple of people were puking. Probably the ones with good eyes. They could see me, and God knows it had to be pretty gross. But it was right about then, when I was going to put my head back down and get a little rest before I died. That's when I looked up over the people - and I saw him. He came up on the cars all the way back by the hill. Way back from the crowd. 
There must have been hundreds of people back there running up between the cars. But he was the one you had to look at... 'cause there was something about the way he was moving. It just sorta screamed at my brain. There was this... wrongness about it. I wanted to close my eyes and shut it out cause I knew what I was seeing was... well, ain’t no other way to say it. It was fucking impossible. I mean, it made you think you were losing your mind.
ML: What was it about him that made you feel that way?
JS: Oh, I guess he was running just like everybody else... but, but they were all running in between the cars and he was... Well, he was running across the tops, and jumping between them really fast. Like you would if it rained and you were running but trying not to step in the puddles? Like that, and he was coming fast. Real fast... like a car would. It wasn't like in the movies or TV or nothing. His arms and legs weren't going all fast and blurry like some special effects crap. No, they were going normal speed, but every step he took went farther than the last one, every jump was... longer. He was going faster and faster and there was this... horrible strength he had moving him, not some stupid camera trick. It made the guys you see at the Olympics look like little kids running around on the playground at school.
I guess people started hearing him coming, 'cause when he landed on a car it was really loud. So everyone turned around and by then he was pushing off on the roofs of the cars so hard the windows were exploding. You know - your insurance ain’t gonna cover that, huh? He was only touching down on maybe every fifth car or so. It was more like every tenth one by the time he jumped. That last step he used to push off was on the hood of this big black Mercedes and it just crushed it flat. Half the car got punched down right through the pavement. It looked like a kid stepped on a toy car in his sandbox.
But you know what was funny? He didn't look all graceful when he was in the air. You could tell he'd never done this or anything like it before. When he came flying over he was waving his arms and legs, just trying to stay upright so he'd land on his feet. Then when he hit next to me, it didn't feel like no impact a person would make. It was like he was made out of lead, or even something heavier. He slammed into the concrete up past his ankles and had to pull his boots back out just to edge over to me. The whole bridge was swaying and I thought for sure it was just gonna drop out from under us. Truth be told, he almost fell right off when he was trying to get his footing. There wasn't a whole lot of room between the back of the van and the edge. A foot and a half in most places, less in others.

I looked up at him and he really wasn't what you expected if you were thinking superhero. He sure wasn't dressed like one I'd ever heard of. No spandex. No black leather getup. He was just wearing these old black work boots, jeans, and a dirty "Guns n Roses" t-shirt. Nothing flashy, but seeing as I'd just watched him jump four hundred feet like he was playing hopscotch, my mind wasn't exactly on critiquing his wardrobe. He must have really liked black t-shirts cause he had another one tied around to cover his face. He'd just ripped a hole to see through and he looked... amazed and scared, and well... completely fucking freaked out.  
Anyway, he scrambled over and tried to pick me up. When he did I let out a scream like nothing you've ever heard, cause that broken leg was just flopping around. The bones were grinding on each other, and my busted arm got pinched between us. Man, he jumped when I screamed, and damn near lost his balance again. I remember some lady in the crowd screaming "HE'S GONNA FALL!", but he didn't. He wobbled and waved his other arm trying to catch his balance for a second until he got it. Then he looked back down at me and he made this sorta... choking noise, and said something like "Oh God, oh God, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry" over and over while he shifted me around. He got my leg up on his arm and lifted my arm into my lap real gentle. I think I was sobbing and wailing like a baby the whole time.
I think that was when I noticed how hard he felt, and it wasn't just muscles hard like some meathead from the gym. It was real hard... like he was made out of rocks or something. I mean, nothing on him gave if you pushed. It was like... like I was being held by one of them statues they have over at the museum. 
But the weird thing was - he looked pretty normal. I mean, I could hear him breathing really hard while he looked back at the road. Some of his hair had poked out in places around that t-shirt on his head too. It was real blonde, and I could see it waving in the wind. He was sweating real bad too. Now I was thinking he'd just jump back to the shoreline, or maybe fly or something, but he didn't. He kept shifting his feet and looking up and down and all over and I after a second I realized he was freaking out.. he didn't know what to do. He didn't have any way to get a running start and there was nowhere to go but down. He'd decided to save a little girl cause he was the only one who could - and now he was gonna fuck it up.
ML: But why didn't he fly? We've seen him do it since then.
JS: You know, I think we've all seen him do shit since then that made the bridge look like nothing. That thing in the Philippines, the fight in Syria, the nuke in Australia, all of that. But people forget that all came years later after he’d had time to figure things out a bit more. Right then I think he was just scared, and he had no idea what he was doing. Hell, I don't think he knew what he was yet, much less what he could really do.
So anyway... I looked over at the screaming people and all that water under us for a second, and when I looked back I realized he was crying. He had his head bent down and I couldn't see his face, but I could feel it. He was shaking, and his chest kept hitching, and I got scared again. I guess part of me was thinking this all had to be some sort of dream or hallucination or something, but when I saw he was scared.. for some reason, then I knew it was real. I guess I stopped crying cause he looked down at me and I could that see he had blue eyes. They were kinda pretty too, and I guess me noticing meant that being a little girl was already over anyway. 
Then all of a sudden, he stood up real straight and took a deep breath while he looked up at the sky. He kinda reminded me of my dad right then. Didn't want me scared by seeing him scared... I could tell he had decided something, but he didn't like it, and he was figuring out how to deal with it.
Then he squeezed his eyes shut, and you could tell he was concentrating really hard. After a moment or two I started to feel weird, kinda sick and dizzy. I know I was in shock, but this was a different kind of sick, and I don't know how to explain it except to say that it was bad... real bad. There was this awful noise... but at the same time it wasn't a noise. At least not like anything I've ever heard. It wasn't even like the other times I saw him. He did crazy stuff real near me then too, but with those other things it was different. It felt... profound. That's all I can say.
But that first time... well I thought I could hear it, but it wasn't coming from my ears. It was like it was coming from the top of my head and way down in my hips, and it felt bad.. Really, really bad. Like the way watching him run felt bad and wrong. This was like that, but it was inside me. Then he took another deep breath, and I could feel him tense up like he knew something was coming, and that sound just kept getting worse and worse and louder and louder until it just filled up everything and I felt so sick I thought I was gonna puke. So I did. I think I ruined his shirt.
Then, somewhere underneath all of that I heard the bridge finally give up. I guess his landing had just been one too many for old Mr. Spence. The bridge just sort of groaned and tipped like a see-saw, and then we were falling. That sound inside me ramped up and up and up, and all of a sudden it canceled itself out or... or harmonized or something. Either way, it turned into this one bone rattling sorta note - only you felt it instead of hearing it. It was deep and... thick and it reached in and touched every part of you and ... it sang.
You just wanted it to go on forever. It sounded like the angels had come down from heaven, and were singing some sad love song just for you. Then it rose up even farther, and it filled up everything; I couldn’t hear, I couldn’t see, I couldn’t even think... and then there was this unbelievable like... CRACK.
It felt like my soul split open, and I saw everything. I mean - I saw the whole universe, me, him, mom and dad, God. Everything... and it went... like forever. There wasn't no way to keep it all in your head. It was too big, too much. So I guess I did the only thing I could think to do about it... 

I died.
Chapter 4
Didymus
John 20:24-29
 


“Pain insists upon being attended to. God whispers to us in our pleasures, speaks in our consciences, but shouts in our pains. It is his megaphone to rouse a deaf world.” 

― C.S. Lewis

April 8, 2031

In the sixty three years that she had been alive, Janelle Saylor had built the kind of history that should have prepared her for anything, including what she saw when she was called to the hospital. All of the building blocks were there; a father home from war in a flag draped casket, a childhood on the heroin infested streets of Covington, years of poverty, and a mother and a brother dead with needles in their arms. Then meeting a man so wonderful, that just the thought of him made her want to be a better person, only to learn that her rancid years on the street had robbed them of children. Finish everything off with his death from a prolonged and agonizing battle with cancer, and you had a recipe for one tough old bird.
But nothing could have equipped her for what she saw that day. It was as if hell itself had vomited forth a nightmare gouged directly from her worst fears. Displayed before her was her eleven year old grandniece, strapped down onto a hospital bed like some sort of an animal, horribly dismembered, and shrieking like an escaped soul from hell. The girl’s tortured voice had such power that it physically knocked Janelle backwards. It felt as if every wail, sob, or scream had teeth and claws that ripped and tore at her heart. She was utterly paralyzed by her fear, while the rest of her battled between an overwhelming need to rush to the child's aid, and a cowardly panic that screamed at her to run. 
It took everything she had to pull herself back from her inner conflict and gain some semblance of composure. She took a deep breath and did her best to slam a lid down on her out of control emotions. She needed a clear head to understand what was happening. The doctors and nurses swarming around the girl’s gurney looked like they were doing everything in their power. But she could also tell by the looks on their faces that something needed to change soon, or her niece was going to die. Being confronted by the hard reality of this made Janelle's blood run cold; and for a long moment she couldn't breathe. Black spots began to swirl in front of her eyes, and she felt her knees buckle. Then at the last second she reached out and braced herself against the wall, barely managing to keep upright. 
It took a moment to regain some clarity, and the effort forced her to dredge up all of the willpower she could muster; but, after a moment she managed to get her footing and breathe. She couldn't understand how this could be happening.  None of it made any sense. Where were Aaron and Katrina? They should be here! She had no idea what to do and she couldn't get away from the overwhelming feeling that she had to do something. The very idea of losing Jessica was so unbearable that Janelle just couldn't process it. Whenever she tried her mind simply balked, either unable or unwilling to accept the input. She was confused. She didn't understand. The girl had saved her and now she was powerless to return the favor. 
Her husband Oscar had been the kind of man that could fill up a room with his presence. Yet somehow, he always managed to make you feel like you were at the center of it. That's how he'd filled her life, and her heart, for almost thirty years. So when he died it had been like all of the light in the world had just gone out. Then Aaron called to tell her the baby had been born, and she had come to visit. But only out of obligation. She had intended to pay her respects and go. But the moment she laid eyes on the little girl something changed. For reasons she could never explain, she fell head over heels in love with the little cherub. 
Everything from the amazing way she smelled, to her adorably tiny little toenails seemed to testify to the goodness of life again. After that she had devoted herself to the child, moving in for several months to help Katrina manage the home, while Aaron and Jacob worked. Then weekend visits and holidays with her had served as beacons of hope, lighting her path. At some point things had started to feel better. The times between when she could see Jessica became more bearable, and real joy had gradually crept back into her life. In the end, just knowing that the little girl's infectious smile and bouncing curls were out there made the world seem good again. 
She sometimes wondered if Oscar hadn't needed to leave, just to make room for Jessica. But now, after having created this beautiful little girl who was so filled with life that she had brought an old woman back from the depths of despair, God was killing her. And doing it in the cruelest and most awful way imaginable! How could there be a God if he would do this? How could he even allow it to happen? 
She knew what her husband would have said. He would have told her to pray. It had been a recurring theme with him, and she could practically recite the sermon he used to give about it. 
“Remember, no matter who you are and no matter what you’ve done, there will come a time when you can’t do it on your own. In that time, that darkest hour, that moment of your worst desperation - that's when HE is there. Reach out. All he’s asking you to do is TRUST him when you've got nothing left to lose! Just once and see what happens! Is that so hard? Why not? What are you so afraid of? Try him, TEST him on this and just see what happens!”
"I know you don't believe me right now and that's fine. Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe I'm just crazy... So let's make it interesting. When your hour comes, try me. Try HIM. Open up your heart to him and say, 'God, I can't do this on my own. Please help me.'"
"If nothing happens, if no help arrives, then come back here and tell me. I'll take off this collar, renounce God on the spot, and start selling shoes! But... If I'm right, if God steps in, or sends just the right person to help, you come back here and be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ and accept him as your Lord and Savior!"
"I'm ready to make that bet, are you?"
She almost smiled for a moment when she remembered how he always ended that sermon. The first time she met him had been a day when he gave it, and she probably had heard it thousands of times more in the twenty seven years they had been together. But in all that time, not a single person had ever come to tell him that he had been wrong. On the other hand, she lost count of how many people had come knocking on their door to thank him and to join the church. At his funeral the line of mourners who came stretched outside and filled the parking lot. The funeral director had been forced to extend the viewing by almost three hours while men and women from across the country, and some from across the world, took her hand to tell her how her husband had changed their lives. She had smiled and thanked each one of them as sincerely as she could, but the entire time she had known in her heart that she was a fraud.
She had never held the sort of unshakable faith Oscar had. She was deeply ashamed to admit it, but it was true. Across all the years they had been married, during the entire time she’d called herself a preacher’s wife, she had doubted. Oh, she loved the idea of God. She loved what it meant, and what it implied about the nature of the universe. But she’d never seen anything that convinced her that it was anything more than a nice thought. Maybe she was just weak, or unable to give up her pride. Maybe it was just that last little piece of her that needed to be the master of her own fate. 
Either way, she’d never had what Oscar did, and she had never told him. She felt tears welling in her eyes at the thought of him, how she’d promised to open her heart to him, but then held back this one critical thing. The one thing she knew would have hurt him most of all. She had loved him more than she thought it was possible to love, but she’d never been able to tell him. Then he died, and the last thing he told her was that everything would be OK if she just trusted God. That was the moment when she knew she’d betrayed him in the most fundamental way possible, and there was no way to take it back.
Just then; a fresh, ear piercing scream from Jessica yanked Janelle back to the here and now. Despite the drugs they had pumped into her, the girl was still bellowing at full volume, and she could hear the girl's voice beginning to wear out. The latest shriek of agony had a ragged edge that wasn’t there before, like a saw blade across her heart. She was rooted to the ground by the pain she felt for the girl and suddenly, she realized that this was it. This was her hour of helplessness and desperation, the one Oscar had spoken of. The one he had told her would come, and he'd been right as always. She’d never really given in and trusted God. 
So at last, she thought of Oscar and did what she should have done all those years ago when she first met him.
She prayed. 
She prayed that Jessica’s early arrival meant that the girl had the best doctors and nurses working on her.. Nearby bays had filled rapidly once victims from the bridge explosions started streaming in, and doctors from other parts of the hospital were being pulled in to assist. A small part of her felt a pang of guilt for her desire to put Jessica before the lives of others, but the rest of her didn’t care. Right now that little girl was the only thing that mattered to her, and the first truly sincere prayer of her life was all she had to give.
According to the orderly who had escorted her here, a man with a black cloth wrapped around his head had come stumbling through their doors a half hour earlier. He’d been holding Jessica, bloody and mutilated in his arms, and at first they just stared at him dumbfounded. Some had feared that some crazed lunatic had appeared to showcase his grisly handiwork. But then with a choking shout, he had held her up in his arms and begged them for help. The orderly said that he sounded like a man who had lost his whole world, and had been half mad with panic for the little girl. His arms had been shaking and his words barely understandable through his sobs. He simply kept pleading with them to save her. 
When they took her they realized she wasn't breathing, so they hooked her up to an AI CPR unit and ran her back to trauma. But rather than follow after her as she was swept away, the man had turned and staggered back outside. The orderly, a very polite and earnest young man, said that he had gone after him to convince him to come back. But when he got to the parking lot the man had disappeared without a trace.
Well, she didn’t know who that man was, but she knew that he had given Jessica her only chance at life, and so she prayed for him too. How he had gotten her here so fast and why he felt he had to run away afterwards was a mystery. It was a shame, because she wanted desperately to thank him, and knew it would probably never happen. Besides, things were still grim for Jessica despite the man's miraculous accomplishment.
When she looked up from her prayer she realized that the girl's condition seemed to be worsening. Monitors attached to her by wires and tubes were wildly blaring alarms and flashing warnings as the doctors shouted orders. Seconds later, a scrambling crew burst through a nearby door and plunged into the melee with fresh equipment and tools. From the frantic level of activity and the urgency in their voices Janelle knew this was it. The little girl had drawn within kissing distance of the reaper, and nothing the doctors were doing was helping. Her injuries were poised over her like vipers, and they were simply waiting for the moment when they could reach out and claim her.
“Please God” Janelle choked out loud as she dropped to her knees with her face in her hands, “Please no... Please God help her!”
Then, without warning... a gruff looking bearded man in a white doctor’s coat came thundering through the double doors to her left. He was carrying several syringes in his hand, and looked more enraged than anyone she had ever seen. As he rushed past her he came within an inch of knocking her to the floor before shoving the other nurses and doctors aside. Then with a deft and obviously practiced move, he popped the caps from the syringes in his right hand into a bin, hooked two IV lines into his fingers and slid down them until their ports nested in his palm. Holding open Jessica's right eye with his other hand, he curled his right fist down, and perfectly lanced two syringes into the IV ports, depressing the plungers.
The effect was immediate. The girl stopped thrashing, and with a twisting jerk her shrieks cut off. But then Janelle watched in horror as Jessica’s lips began to pull back from her teeth, stretching into an impossibly wide grin, while the rest of her face went rigid. With another sharp twitch, her eyes flew open so wide that that the irises were dwarfed by the whites on all sides. Janelle, still on her knees looked on in horror. What was this man doing to her? 
No sooner had she thought this, than a powerful spasm arched the girl’s back so violently that she rose up from the bed. The force of the spasm spiked her blood pressure to the point that blood erupted from the stump of her right wrist. It geysered across the tile floor with a wet hiss, painting out grotesque patterns of crimson and purple gore. Two of the nurses screamed, and the doctor to the right of the bearded newcomer began shouting "What did you do you old fool? What in God's name have you done?!"
The older doctor ignored them all, watching Jessica's eyes intently as he flicked the first two syringes from his right hand without even looking. They sailed in a neat arc that went directly over the head of the shouting physician, and landed in the medical waste bin behind him. Keeping his focus on the girl, the bearded man uncapped and flipped the three syringes he had left in his hand into position with another perfectly coordinated move. Repeating his earlier hooking motion, he gathered the third IV into his palm and waited. For a moment, it felt as if time stopped. Every eye was locked on the doctor as tensions rose, and a hushed silence fell over the room. Janelle could almost hear the seconds ticking by.
Then a low, rising groan began to climb from the girl's throat, squeezing through the tiny spaces between her clenched teeth. She began to shake like a toy in the jaws of some rabid animal. Her eyes rolled back into her head, and the groan she was emitting escalated into a hair rising warble. To Janelle it sounded as if all the heartache in the world had been trapped inside the girl, and somehow this strange doctor was releasing it. The most frightening aspect of the cry was how it filled the room, creating a twin echo much closer to her. Then with a start, she realized that it wasn't coming from close to her, it was coming from her. She clamped her hand over her mouth to quell her own keening, and watched as the other doctors and nurses stood frozen in astonishment at the bearded doctor’s actions.
Suddenly, the high pitched fluting of the girl's voice dramatically cut off, and the doctor repeated his earlier hand trick. This time as the plungers depressed Jessica seemed to return to normal, relaxing back down onto the bed and appearing to fall into a deep and peaceful sleep.
After flicking the remaining three syringes in an identical flight pattern to the first two, the bearded doctor, who Janelle could now see was named "Sallinger" by the nametag on his lab coat, turned. This brought him face to face with the younger physician who had shouted at him moments before, and he trembled with barely contained rage. "You're a god-damned moron" he breathed heavily through clenched teeth. "This little girl has been in a partial epileptic state for the last seventeen minutes, but you were too busy putting band-aids on her boo-boos to notice! What the fuck did they teach you in medical school - to deliver a perfectly treated corpse? What were you going to do next? Sing her lullabies while her brain scrambled itself like an egg?!"
He stood, shaking and seething at the younger man for several horribly tense seconds before finishing. "For your information, I induced a grande mall seizure to reset her brainwave patterns, monitored her irises until it peaked, dropped her out with a Benzo and induced a coma before the epileptica could resurrect itself. It's a crazy little trick I learned at this place called motherfucking medical school, you QUACK!" The younger man stood silently, his face flushing hotter and redder by the second as the older man humiliated him. "Now, unless you've got any other creative ways that you'd like to try and kill this little girl, I suggest you head down to HR for your pink slip! I'll call ahead so they know you're coming. While I'm at it, I'll be sure to notify the medical board and all of my colleagues about you as well. Perhaps you'll fare better at a career in the drive-through food industry."
Without a pause, he turned to glare at the others, "Now, as for the rest of you fucking stooges... prep her for surgery, and have her in my O.R. in three minutes. MOVE!"
With that, the spell holding them all broke, and the staff began rushing Jessica's bed down the hallway as they barked out orders and grabbed supplies. Janelle watched Sallinger as he stood for a moment staring at the younger doctor, who timidly turned and walked away. Then as he turned to follow Jessica's gurney, she took a deep breath and put herself in his path. "Doctor Sallinger?" she asked. Sallinger stopped and fixed her with the same piercing stare he had just used to obliterate a medical career. "Who the hell are you?", he growled. She felt terribly intimidated, but did her best to stand firm, and replied, "I'm that little girl's Aunt.... thank you. Thank you for saving her."
He continued to stare at her for a long moment, and Janelle began to fear that he was going to blister her with a similar tirade. But he didn’t. Instead he turned back and left, stating his reply flatly as he pushed through the doors... "She's not saved yet. Keep praying."
Several minutes later, Janelle retraced the path the orderly had used to bring her in. Eventually she found herself back in the emergency waiting area. It had been virtually deserted when she came in. Now it was overflowing. Hundreds of people called out the names of loved ones and scanned faces with desperate hope as they pushed through the human thicket. There was barely room to stand, much less sit, and so she turned back in the hopes of finding somewhere she could wait. 
She had barely taken two steps before she collided with another person. Stumbling backwards, she lost her footing and fell, but was quickly caught up and cradled by a man's arms. When she looked up to see who had rescued her, she immediately recognized Jacob, her tragically white haired, stoic, and almost perpetually silent younger nephew. Unlike most people who knew him now, she had seen the boy he was before Tajikistan. She remembered how the light that radiated from Jessica's eyes had once shown from his. Even though they were the same brilliant blue as before, she saw only pain and loneliness in them now.
Before she could finish that thought, he used an easy strength to help her up, and then quietly stood back. She realized that he must have been summoned by the same hospital system that called her. Unsure where to start explaining, she stood looking at him as he returned her gaze. The question she most dreaded must have been clear in her expression because she saw tears well up in his eyes. He said nothing; but his face told her everything she needed to know.
Jessica's parents were dead.

Chapter 5
Aftermath
Genesis 6:13




All 7 SEVERED!

823 confirmed dead, 
153 injured, 
78 missing

Cincinnati’s Combs-Hehl, Daniel Beard, Central, Roebling Suspension, CW Bailey, Brent Spence, and Cropper bridges destroyed simultaneously in terrorist attack.
Louisville, Memphis, Vicksburg, and Baton Rouge also struck with devastating destruction and loss of life.
Emergency crews have resumed their recovery and cleanup efforts at the scene of the 7:37AM blasts that collapsed the bridges on Wednesday morning.

Article by: Stacey Toohey , Cincinnati Enquirer

Wednesday April 9, 2031

Authorities in Cincinnati lowered the number of confirmed initial fatalities to eight hundred and twenty three from the initial estimate of nine hundred yesterday, but said they expect the number to change as search efforts continue along the swiftly moving Ohio River.
Doctors at UC Medical Center confirmed this morning that an additional one hundred and fifty three people were severely injured. Thirty two of the most seriously hurt died during rescue operations, in transport, or during treatment at local hospitals. Those not killed in the explosion were presumed to be fatally wounded in the fall to the water and wreckage below.
Military weaponry in the hands of evil
Most experts currently believe that the bridges were destroyed with high grade explosives most commonly used by the military. The forces of the blasts and the ensuing destruction have led them to also believe that the explosives were shaped to create the maximum amount of damage and death. Based on this theory, some of the dead found at the scene are suspected to have been killed by the powerful initial concussive force. It is unknown how those responsible for these horrific acts were able to obtain these materials.
One hundred and thirty five people were transported to area hospitals including seventy four to UC. Sixty two of those had life-threatening injuries, six were listed in satisfactory condition and two were treated and released.
Mystery girl rescued by unknown "Superman"
Among those injured who were treated at UC Hospital was the young girl who was dramatically saved from the Brent Spence Bridge. Witnesses at the scene report that her masked rescuer leaped over the four hundred foot gap between the Kentucky shoreline and the central section of the Brent Spence Bridge. While initial reports were dismissed as a hoax, video taken by multiple people and nearby traffic cameras appear to confirm the story. When the central section of the Brent Spence finally collapsed three minutes later, the man who wore a black cloth over his face to conceal his identity simply vanished while plummeting towards the river with the girl in his arms. Many reported seeing a blinding flash of light, and hearing a sound like a gunshot from a high caliber weapon at the same time.
Young victim delivered to hospital by hero
Daniel Jacobs, a local man, was in the parking lot of the UC Medical Center and reports seeing the man reappear near the Emergency Room entrance at almost exactly the same time that cameras show him disappearing. According to the witness “All of a sudden out of nowhere there was this lightning came down behind the delivery truck that's usually parked over by the dock wall. It didn't make no sense, cause it was a clear day, not a cloud in the sky. But when it hit it was so loud I thought my ears were gonna pop. Like three or four streaks of lightning all at once and they hit at the same place. It was so bright you couldn't look at it. Then the truck jumped like something hit it really hard from the other side and slid like six feet over. The tires left these long black streaks and for a second I thought it was gonna tip over. But then it came back down and bounced a couple times."
"Then this guy came staggering out from back there a couple seconds later. He was wearing a black hood or something and carrying a little girl. At first I thought he was hurt because he was covered in blood. But he seemed OK, just so busted out he could barely stand up. It was the girl that was hurt real bad. Her one leg was broken and twisted so bad you could see the bones. The other one was just gone. Like, chopped off at the knee. He carried her inside and came back out alone a few seconds later, and started stumbling back towards the truck."
"That's when Jackson, the orderly that usually works the emergency room, came out and tried to call him back. When he kept going he ran behind the truck to try to catch the guy and came out of the other side looking all confused. I think I heard the truck blow a tire then from being pushed sideways and that guy - well he just... disappeared."
(See page 2 report by Oliver Wilde - Have the Soldiers from Volgograd returned? Or have we just witnessed the world’s first superhero?)
Stabilized and transported to unknown location by military helicopter
Both doctors and UC administration refused to comment on how the young victim arrived at the hospital, the exact nature of her injuries, her treatment and condition, or why the US Army has assumed control of her care. President and CEO of University of Cincinnati Medical Center - Diane Foss confirmed by NetCast press conference that the girl had been transported out by military helicopter at 3:22PM.
According to Foss, UC staff and administration were not given any information about her destination or why the military became involved. "It’s a matter of national security according to the explanations we were given. Our dependable team of trauma specialists worked closely with military medical staff to ensure her safe transport. Everyone involved in yesterday’s efforts deserves our admiration and thanks. University of Cincinnati Medical Center has once again demonstrated why it is considered amongst the foremost trauma facilities in the world”. Most now believe that the military's involvement is related to the unknown hero who rescued the girl.

School bus filled with children lost at Cropper bridge collapse, but boy saves classmate
Many vehicles at the Cropper bridge scene were submerged or perched on the bridge wreckage, including at least one semitrailer that was on fire. People were reported to be floundering in the river. Rescuers rushed to help people escape cars trapped in the rubble that stayed above water.
A school bus that was carrying children on a field trip to the Cincinnati Art Museum, sponsored by an Orca House arts appreciation program was among those that fell into the water when the bridge collapsed. Of the forty two children on board the bus, only four have been found alive.
"We exploded and fell. Everyone screamed and I thought I was going to die." said twelve year old Ryan Willis. He described the ordeal as very fast and confusing, "I hit the seat in front of me when we went into the water and a big piece of the bridge came right up through the floor and went out the roof. Like, smashed right through and we stuck there a second. Like a hot dog on a stick. So I grabbed onto a big bolt that was sticking out of that bridge piece and held onto it. Then the whole bus broke in half and the two pieces just sank into the water."
"I could see Amy Teisgarten and Jessica Haines crawling out of a window when it went under and I grabbed Jessica's hand. I held on as tight as I could and told her to grab Amy. But she was screaming and holding my hand with both of hers and wouldn't let go. Amy was almost out of the window when it went under so I thought she would come up after a minute, but she never did."
"I held onto Jessica and yelled for help for a long time. I felt like my arms were gonna rip off, but I knew my dad would have said to keep going. So I held on for a lot longer than I thought I could with Jessica hanging onto me. She was crying a lot. She was really scared and her feet were almost in the water. But then two guys in a fishing boat came and one of them got Jessica and the other one climbed up and helped me down".
"Ryan's a tough kid", said his Father David Willis. "He helps out around the farm, does the same jobs as I do. I guess the last few years of him throwing hay bales and hauling wood paid off." Mr. Willis struggled to hold back tears as he spoke of how proud he was of his son. "He's only twelve. But he's a hero. How many kids could have held themselves up with one hand and held onto a little girl too? I don't know how he did it. He could have just saved himself, but he risked getting pulled under into that water to save her."
Unlike his father, Ryan seemed embarrassed by the attention and when asked, didn't see what the big deal was. "I just knew I couldn't let go. I think anyone else would have done the same thing. Sometimes God asks you to do something, and you just do it."
The two men who rescued Ryan and Jessica have not come forward for recognition, and many small private craft took part in rescue operations all day. Some who heard of the disaster as far away as Clifty Falls Indiana cast off within minutes from business and private piers to lend assistance. 
Cities across the southeast struck with similar tragedies.
Cincinnati and Northern Kentucky were far from alone in their shock and suffering over the last twenty four hours. In Louisville, the George Rogers Clark, John F Kennedy, and Sherman Minton Bridges were destroyed in virtually identical actions, claiming the lives of at least three hundred and seventy two people and causing hundreds of millions of dollars in damage.
Further south the city of Memphis lost four bridges; the Havachan, Frisco, Memphis-Arkansas, and Hernando De Soto. Initial reports from Memphis estimate the death toll at six hundred and forty nine and climbing as rescue efforts continue.
Despite its smaller size, Vicksburg Mississippi was struck equally, losing both the old and new Vicksburg bridges. Fatalities there seem to be lower than originally expected, but still continue to climb from the first count of two hundred and thirty seven.
Lastly, Baton Rouge suffered the destruction of the Huey P. Long and Horace Wilkenson bridges, breaking almost all commerce across Louisiana and stranding many residents away from their homes. Local hotels and other housing facilities are supplying free temporary accommodations, but many are still without shelter. There are currently thought to have been at least four hundred and twenty two lives lost in the collapses of both spans. 
Simultaneous attack timed for morning rush hour to create maximum death toll.
Sources from the Department of Homeland Defense believe the attacks were timed to coincide with the high point in the eastern time zone morning rush; and also to catch as many central time zone commuters as possible. It is currently unknown whether the loss of life was the primary goal of the terrorist act, or if it was intended to wreak as much economic impact as possible. In either case the tragedies currently unfolding across the southern United States have the nation and most of the world shocked and horrified by their brutality. 
River commerce made impossible by debris in the waterway.
Experts believe it may take as long as eight to twelve weeks to clear enough of the debris along the Ohio River to permit full barge traffic to resume. A delay of that length in coal delivery will severely impact the energy supply capabilities of utility companies upriver. Every major region north of Baton Rouge along the path of the Mississippi and Ohio rivers and their major tributaries should prepare for energy austerity measures and potential blackouts.
Energy scarcity may be the least of the worries for affected regions and areas north. A disruption on this scale will virtually halt the river’s $180 billion transportation industry. The disruption in the Mississippi River’s supply chain will affect more than 13,000 jobs, $87 million in wages and benefits, and 16.5 million tons of commodities worth $7.8 billion. Chief among those commodities are grain, coal, soybeans, petroleum, fertilizer, steel, sand, gravel and mulch. In some areas the supplies for these goods are at risk of running out in as little as 10 days. There are few industries that will not be significantly impacted by this disruption. 
Loss of bridges eliminates primary backup route for shipping.
The economic damage to be felt by the waterway blockage will be exacerbated severely by the inability to reroute shipping to trucking. The bridges and roadways affected by the explosions were the primary government disaster contingency plan for a river blockage of this magnitude. The President convened a special session of Congress today to help deal with the crisis and many private companies have volunteered their services. Both UPS and FedEx have donated the use of their cargo planes for emergency airlift operations. Many smaller businesses have done so as well and local authorities are attempting to coordinate and prioritize their efforts.
For some, the search for missing loved ones will end in grief
Back in Cincinnati, Red Cross volunteer Eron Golpin estimates that around 1,000 people came to area hospitals yesterday and today searching for word on loved ones. "Some folks are dealing with a sense of relief because their loved ones are OK. Others haven't heard anything and you can see it in their eyes. They know if they haven't heard by now, it's going to be bad news."
Landon Breckston rode his bike to Christ Hospital to look for his girlfriend, Chloe Petschlitz, 20, of Indian Hill. She had been working third shift as a waitress at the Urban Orchid club in Covington. "I can't remember ever calling or texting her and not getting an answer," he said. "She texts me all the time and all of a sudden... she's just... not."

--The Associated Press contributed.
Chapter 6
Masada
Revelations 9:3-11




March 5, 2054

8:52AM EST


Subject:
Captain Tammy Bowlin, R.N., D.N.P. United States Army Nurse Corp Retired 

Active Duty:
Officer Specialty 66H medical-surgical nurse

Enlisted:
August 12, 2018

Operation Persian Tiger 
2019 - 2023

Battle of Istanbul 
2024 - Awarded Silver Star for heroism

Sinai BioNuclear Conflict
2026 - Awarded Mediterranean Conflict Medal, Awarded Purple Heart

75th Ranger Reg Advanced Medical and Biotechnology Unit of the DARPA Research and Engineering Joint Initiative 
2026

Retired Reserve
2048

Purpose of recording:
Addition to Library of Congress Quantum Mechanic archive records

Category:
Related Quantum Mechanic Metadata

Source:
First person dictation transcribed by Marcus Lillian, Federal Bureau of Investigation

Begin transcription

ML: OK you can begin whenever you want. Just start by introducing yourself and maybe giving us a little bit about why you're doing this.
TB: So we're recording? Good.
My name is Captain Tammy Bowlin, Registered Nurse, Doctor of Nurse Practitioning, United States Army Nurse Corp - Retired. 
My experiences pertaining to the individual known as The Quantum Man, or The Quantum Mechanic were not direct. My main relationship to his story is that I was one of the medical personnel who treated Jessica Saylor, the first known person to ever have contact with him. I was her assigned primary trauma and care ward nurse after she was taken into military custody as a result of the bridge terror attacks and her subsequent exposure to him. I also have extensive experience with the origin and underlying biotechnology platforms of the Pa Hsien, better known as the cybernetic soldiers the Chinese called The Eight Immortals.
So before I detail my story as it relates to him, I believe it is best that I give some background. That way future generations can place the people and events I'll be discussing into context. I feel that going over those things before listening to what I have to say will help viewers, listeners or readers understand why certain things were done.
Is that OK with you Mr. Lillian?
ML: Absolutely.
TB: Good, thank you.
I was a practicing medical surgical nurse in the field from when I enlisted in two thousand and twenty one through two thousand and thirty five. In twenty twenty six I was wounded in action at the battle of Sinai. After recovering at Walter Reed hospital I was reassigned to the Seventy Fifth Ranger Regiment Advanced Medical and Biotechnology Unit as part of the DARPA Research and Engineering Joint Initiative. I remained there until twenty forty two. 
There were between two hundred and forty and two hundred and fifty total personnel on staff at any given time at our facility. The complement was mostly researchers and technicians along with enough surgical and care staff to facilitate day to day operations. Plus a contingency of twenty five to thirty soldiers for security purposes. We operated out of the former nuclear bunker in Valley Falls Kansas in order to take advantage of the central location, security, superior shielding and the technical infrastructure left behind by the previous tenant. 
The U.S. Government had sold the bunker decades ago, but then reacquired the facility, along with seven other similar facilities across the United States and Canada. This was done through an NSA subcontracting operation that was legally and financially concealed from the public by a series of domestic and international umbrella corporations. We operated under the cover of being a medical research and storage facility for cryogenic materials related to the Veteran's Administration, and various other governmental research operations. In fact, the first two floors of the facility were a completely equipped and staffed operation of exactly that nature. They did business every day and actually made money at it. That ruse enabled us to allow visits from politicians without clearance, safety inspectors, and other outside agents. They would tour the facility and see only those floors, because the elevator wouldn't even have other buttons. The public stairwells ended above the third floor, and a secondary set of concealed ones gave emergency egress for the rest of the facility.
The remaining seven floors below, plus a sub-basement we called the 'Red Zone' were our actual laboratories, storage rooms, canteen/px, and data center. The entire facility was rebuilt from the ground up with state of the art technology and designs. To be truthful, it was the most effective and efficiently run medical operation I've ever had the pleasure of serving in. When the joint initiative was dismantled as part of the GAA, or Governmental Accountability Act of 2044, most of the care staff, including myself, were pardoned in exchange for testifying against the NSA during the GAA Senate trials of 2047. I was further cleared of any wrongdoing and restored to full Military Active Duty with a commendation for bravery by the GAA Oversight Tribunal.
The GAA requires far greater transparency from all government entities and as a result my service records were declassified and published. I was reassigned to Walter Reed Army Medical Center in twenty forty eight when the Christy investigation was completed. I served there in an administrative capacity until my retirement in September of twenty fifty two. 
Although I am required under the GAA to answer any questions from the public concerning my formerly classified activities, I volunteered to appear today. I want to record my experiences in the interest of serving the public; and the truth.
I want people to understand that not everyone involved in the events that eventually led the American people to amend the constitution to severely curtail the government's power, were evil, or acting against them. Some of us down in the trenches were just desperately trying to save lives, and prevent another war. I'd like to count myself and those I worked with among that group. I'm very proud of what we accomplished, along with the ethical standards we held ourselves to despite the latitude and immunity we were given. The reasons for the secrecy surrounding our activities at the Kansas facilities are some of the very few I believe are acceptable in a free democracy. I know many disagree with me, and I would fight to defend their right to do so.
The history of my involvement is as follows:
In twenty thirty one I was the Head Nurse in the Specialized Intensive Care Unit at the Valley Falls Facility. Our charter was the accelerated development and application of biotech related treatments and technologies for soldiers and citizens wounded by foreign powers. 
Our mission was important because we were unable to properly counter the biomechanical weapons platforms that we encountered at Mt Sinai. We needed to find ways to protect our soldiers. Barring that, we needed to find better ways to treat their injuries and facilitate more complete recoveries. Traditional methods were taking too long and not producing sufficient results, almost all research into nanotech, cybernetics, or human genome manipulation had been banned. So measures were taken to lift restrictions on us and accelerate progress.
As a result, we were given access to research archives that the public did not know existed. This including the second Shichi-san-ichi butai unit discovered in the western region of China in nineteen forty five, the entire Sverdlovsk transcripts recovered during the Meselson investigation in nineteen twenty two, the Soviet Mairanovsky Laboratory Twelve data recovered in nineteen eighty seven, and the Rauni Leena Kilde facility data recovered from Harsholm in two thousand seven. We also had access to both the digital and biological materials from the Huan Fang human cloning unit raided in twenty fifteen in Phu Ket, Thailand, and the Argus Nanotech data from the shutdown of Giordano Biotech in Campobasso Italy in twenty eighteen. Lastly, we had detailed documentation from the GRU Spetsnaz Augmentation Program that ran from twenty twenty one through twenty thirty four. That's as many as I can remember right now. There were more.
We were also given a Nuremberg Exemption by the United States, Japan, and the European Union, and were officially sanctioned by the CIA, NSA, GRU, MI6, EUI, and Mossad. All other nations not included in the Biden Accord were excluded from knowledge of the department's extra-legal activities.
Our efforts can be credited with the successful delivery of multiple technical and biological systems platforms that could counter the types of threats our soldiers were encountering. The need to continue the program became more apparent as new intelligence came in. It revealed that rogue and more lawless nation-states had developed, or been given the ability to produce new generations of the kinds of biotech weaponry we saw at Mt Sinai. These same entities and organizations were not constrained by the ethical considerations first world nations adhered to. We knew that we were in an arms race that we could not win without neutralizing their advantage in that context. 
So we started with what we had seen so far. What we found left after the battle of Sinai was clearly the result of accelerated human experimentation free from ethical considerations. One of the primary reasons I was assigned to the project was because I was one of the few people left alive after that battle and I saw that weaponry in action. I managed to survive because I was off duty and near the top of a nearby rock formation. It gave me a clear view of the entire base. However, approximately halfway through the fighting, a TOW missile emplacement positioned at the top of the same rock formation was hit by multiple RPGs and destroyed. I was struck by shrapnel and severely wounded, but I managed to remain conscious. I continued to observe, and as a result I was able to relate what is believed to be the most comprehensive account of the battle.
After a field investigation, it was determined that the biotech assailant systems that attacked forward base Corsica in Mt Sinai were to be sent to the Kansas facility. Everything was stored in dry ice, while the special team that I was a part of was assembled. Despite being severely damaged and frozen solid, several of the assailants resurrected, and contact with the cargo plane carrying them was lost over the Atlantic Ocean. Their last recorded transmission was nothing but the sound of men screaming.
Once the remainder arrived in Valley Falls, we were to take them apart, figure out who made them, find their vulnerabilities, and extract every useful technology possible. What tech we were able to recover, we were to put to use immediately towards our primary mission of developing counter systems and medical applications. Once we got them back to Valley Falls we took them down to lab seven where we had set up specialized autopsy equipment. We started taking them apart to see what they really were, and what made them work. When we finally started getting them open we were shocked, horrified, fascinated, and awed all at the same time. We really weren't prepared for what we found. What had originally been thought to be soldiers piloting a new form of exoskeleton combat armor turned out to be the results of some horrible human experiment. Inside of them were the partial components of men, women, and sometimes a combination of both fused into Ceramiplastic and Titanium weapons frameworks. Even the whiz kids they sent us from DARPA said they had never seen anything like it.
It was like looking at a person who'd been blended with a reptile, then blended with an animal, then with an insect, and then with a tank. On the outside they were mostly insect and tank, with an external "carapace" covered in a composite stealth material that was mottled olive and beige. The camouflage in their armor is the whole reason they got the drop on us that morning. It made them blend right into the desert while they burrowed and crawled right up under our noses. The sensor systems didn't pick up a damn thing and the guards couldn't see them either. They were total ghosts to our night vision goggles, and even the new thermal imagers. 
I had just finished my shift and I could never go to sleep right away like some of the other girls did. I always needed an hour or two to wind down. So I would go up to this little spot on the hill behind the eastern facing part of the wall. They had an artillery battery packing TOW missile systems at the top because it had a perfect fire line on the valley. Officially no one was supposed to be on that hill at all except for that artillery unit. But we'd been out there for 15 months waiting for the Sinai rebels to make a move, and we hadn't seen anything but goats. At night it was so quiet you could hear trucks going down the Newbasa road and that was hundreds of miles off. So we got sloppy I guess. When it was cool enough after dark you'd see people up there drinking. But no one went up there in the morning except me. At least I never saw anyone. I would sit on this big flat rock with my legs over the edge and watch the sun come up. When I did that I could feel something almost like normal for a minute or two.
ML: Why didn't you feel normal at other times?
TB: It's difficult for civilians to understand. Being in a combat zone is nothing like what you see in the movies. It's full of long stretches where nothing at all happens. It gets incredibly monotonous and boring. Then suddenly you're under attack, or mobilized to go on the offensive against enemy combatants. You go from boredom to sheer panic in about three seconds. You do that enough like I did in Persian Tiger, and eventually you're on a hair trigger all the time. Someone can drop something and you dive for cover before you realize it's not an incoming mortar attack. It's difficult to relax and let go of that. So when you find a way to do it you hang onto it. That's the lifeline that keeps you sane until you can go home.
ML: Was it a mechanism for avoiding PTSD?
TB: Not directly, at least not for me. It was just a coping mechanism for dealing with things at the time.
ML: I see. Please continue.
TB: I was up there drinking my tea and thinking about my shift. I'd been partnered with Dr. Cryder that day and I always learned something when I worked with him. He was a brilliant field surgeon and a really nice person. I wish I'd had a chance to thank him. But he died when they came over the wall with those 40mm grenades. People started running around in a panic and it gave those monsters a "target rich environment", so to speak. I think most of the deaths happened in the first minute after they got in. I saw Dr Cryder run over to someone who was down and a grenade went off right next to them both. I knew it had to be him even from where I was. He was still in his scrubs and he had this jet black hair you couldn't hide even with a buzz cut. They sent what was left of him back home for burial, but that was a light casket. I hate to say it, but he was one of the lucky ones.
ML: How did it start?
TB: I'd been watching the sun rise when I heard yelling down by the east gate. I looked down thinking maybe some trucks were pulling out and somebody hit something. It happened all the time. None of these kids we had in those things were really trained on how to handle a rig that big. 
So I looked down to see what was going on and I thought I was seeing things. I literally blinked twice before I was satisfied I wasn't hallucinating. Of course I'd seen exos before; we even had a simple one in the base for moving stuff where a forklift couldn't go. But there was no way a whole unit of those things could just waltz up to us without being seen a half hour away. Plus they'd have to get past about six different kinds of seismic, heat, or movement sensor systems, not to mention the solar mini drones we had flying a constant pattern overhead. This was the hardest place in the world to sneak up on. There was literally nothing around for miles unless you counted a couple of hills, rocks, and a rusted old station wagon off the north side. We'd been in morning twilight for almost a half of an hour, and the sun was half up. We should have spotted them while they were still far enough away for us to need a high powered scope to see them.
Then I realized they weren't exos. Even the best combat chassis models were limited in how agile they could be. Sure, they could run and jump, but it was clumsy. They weighed a couple tons at least and it took a bit to get up to speed or change direction. But not these things, they looked... cat like. The way they moved had that fluid look - like tigers or lions have when they're running. Long, graceful moves that ate up the ground under them. If I had to guess, I'd say they hit close to fifty miles an hour at a full run. I know for a fact that there still aren't any exos that can do that. Plus they just looked all wrong in some weird, indefinable way. It made your blood run cold. Some part of you recognized what it saw. The only things that run like that are predators. 
When the guards first spotted them they were about four hundred, maybe five hundred yards to the east and a little bit south. So if the base was a clock and the east gate was at three, they came wriggling up out of the sand at about four. Corsica sat on this big block of sandstone bedrock, so I guess where they came up was as close as they could get without hitting that. They just glided up into running on all fours without any sort of transition in between, and did it again to start running on two legs. It was unnatural, and ghostly, and wickedly quick.
With as fast as they moved, there was barely time to hit the alarms before they were almost at the wall. The tower guys had been tracking them, but swiveling those guns isn't easy, so they were playing catch up already. But they finally got a bead on them at that point and let loose. Even as far away as I was it sounded like the wrath of God. They actually put a couple of those bastards on their knees when they walked the 50mm APRs across them. I could see the impacts punching them around pretty hard, and they looked a little confused for a second. It was like an invisible Muhammad Ali had been guarding the gate and decided to use them like a drill bag. One would get hit and that would be enough to bring him to a stop, then the second and third rounds would knock him down. 
The heavy artillery guys followed up hard to try to put them out permanently with 80mm incendiaries, and the artillery over my head let loose with a couple of TOW missiles too. Didn't kill them though, just pissed them off. That should give you an idea of just how tough these things were. Four of them took on concentrated fire from at least two of those fifties at the same time, and they still got up full of dents and kept coming. The rest of them dodged those missiles so fast you were barely able to follow it with your eyes. A few got a leg or arm - or both ripped off by the blowback from a TOW, or a double tap from a 50 or an 80. But they just got up and ran on those stumps almost as fast as they did on their legs. 
Not all of them got up though. I saw one take a rabbit punch from an 80 right in the face and it went down. I don't know who made that shot, but it wasn't an accident. I heard three reports close together but isolated from the regular rhythm they make in full auto. So somebody must have flipped out of auto, and just sniped that horrible thing right in the face. That was when I saw just how vicious these things were. Because another one that was down on stumps stopped and just wrenched the first one's legs right off. The first one had been flailing around, clawing at the hole where his face used to be when the other one pinned him down and pulled his legs off. Then the second one reached down, detached its stumps, and snapped the legs right in. The whole operation took maybe five seconds and then it was sprinting towards the wall again. When the battle was over, they found that first one still dragging himself around in circles by one arm. Right before he threw a grenade down its neck, Sergeant Gonzales joked that the poor guy was still trying to find his good looks.
ML: Why did you stay on the ridge?
TB: Well, everybody thinks they can handle real violence, real cruelty, because of what they've seen on TV or the net. But when you see things like that, you always picture yourself as the one that gets away, the smart one, the lucky one. You're never the one that gets gutted because you walked through the wrong door, or moved too slow, or did something stupid. 
Then when you really see it, when you see something that brutal, that animalistic for the first time it's just so... alien. Most people have never really seen the sort of merciless violence that's out there... so it's shocking. You stand there trying to process it. All of those civilized parts of you struggle to understand what's happening because it just doesn't fit in with what you’ve come to expect from life.
MB: But you had seen combat before. Why was this so different?
TB: Because those were men. Men are careful about how they approach. They take cover, run away from heavy artillery. They know fear. They're human. 
But with these things, you knew it from the first second you laid eyes on them. They weren’t human. They weren't even animals. They were something else... and they didn't know fear. They were death incarnate. You can't reason with them, talk to them, frighten them, or fight them in any way that's really going to matter. When you see that it freaks you out in a way that's hard to explain. You can't understand it unless you experience it, and I pray you never do.
So that's how it was for me, unreal, and terrifying. A big part of me was wondering if it was just a bad dream, but the rest of me was freaking completely out and screaming at me to run, RUN! It took everything I had to not turn around and just go as fast as my feet would take me. Forget training, forget duty, hell... forget everybody else - they can stay and die if they want, but I didn't want to die and those things were the Reaper. But I didn't run. I saw everybody down there in the base hustling to their stations with no idea of the hell that was coming. They were going to get hurt, maybe die, and it was my job to save as many as I could. So I stayed. I knew I should have been sprinting for the medical center to report in. But right at that moment it took everything I had to just not move. If I had started towards the med center I'm not sure that I wouldn't have bolted for the west gate instead. I knew I needed a second or two to get it together. 
I'm not a coward Mr. Lillian, and I wasn't back then. I knew I was going to stay and fight. But I also knew I had to be right in my head before I moved, or I wouldn't be any good to anyone.
That's what it means to be a soldier and a medical professional Mr. Lillian. It means looking at that sort of death coming for you. It means hearing and feeling that screaming need to run fill up your whole soul like ice water. It means going through all of that, and deciding to stay and fight, because if you don't then other people are going to die instead. It's deciding to face your death, rather than live with the deaths of others who need you.
I guess it didn't matter though, because it was right then that one of those things pointed its left arm at the TOW emplacement about thirty yards above my head and fired three grenades into it.
You know, hand grenades don't usually change much in power because you still have to throw them. There's no point in making a hand grenade with a kill radius over 50 meters because most people can't throw them farther than that. The explosion would kill the thrower too. But launched grenades are another matter. You can make the boom as big as you want as long as your launcher can fire it far enough away.
That thing could have used just one grenade, killed everyone up there, and wrecked that equipment too. But these things didn't deal in "just enough". That extra size they carried meant more room for ammunition.  So they dealt in absolutes. They always used enough firepower to ensure that their target was down three times over; and to inflict as much collateral damage as possible.
So those weren't ordinary grenades, and when they went off, it blew the top off the whole formation and it launched me right off the side of that hill. The heat burned me all down my back and set my scrubs on fire while I was still flying, but it went out as I rolled and bounced down across the rocks. When I finally hit another flat ledge about forty yards down I had seven good sized holes punched in me by pieces of metal and rock. They were mostly bits of the TOW equipment and luckily the heat from them partially cauterized the puncture wounds. I would have bled out in about five minutes if it hadn't been for that. I also broke my right arm on impact but my left kept me from slamming my head on the rock and cracking my head open. 
Can we stop for a minute? I need a break. Sorry, but I'm not as young as I used to be.

Transcription paused by officiator
10:33AM EST
Chapter 7
Gehenna
Acts 2:31



Transcription resumed by officiator

March 5, 2054

10:57AM EST

TB: So, What was I saying before we stopped?
ML: Three grenades just went off in the TOW emplacement over you.
TB: Oh, oh yes. 
Well I couldn't have been unconscious for more than a few seconds, because when I opened my eyes things hadn't changed much. I was lying on my chest with my right arm twisted behind me and my left under my head. I was turned to the right, and I was basically looking in the same direction. I could see blood starting to pool under my arm and I knew I was hurt badly enough that I shouldn't move. So I was stuck there. All I could do was bleed and watch. To be honest, considering how I felt at the time that was pretty OK with me.
ML: What could you see happening?
TB: Well, like I said. Not much had changed. They were almost at the wall and it still didn't seem like anything was going to stop them.
They had run right through the concertina wire and gone for the tower at the southeast corner. The whole time they were running they had been laying down cover fire for themselves at an impossible level. The guys running the fifties in that tower took a pounding like six days in hell from what these things dished out, but somehow they managed to keep up the heat. 
Despite the job the guys in the tower were doing, if the striker crews hadn't been on their toes... well, those monsters would have stormed right into the base. It was just a happy coincidence that they were even out there to begin with. You see, we'd gotten word from a local tribal leader that a faction of The Martyrs of Allah was going to try to hit us with a vehicle delivered mini-nuke. Normally we wouldn't have taken that too seriously, but this guy had been right before, and his village didn't support insurgents. He only talked to us when he had something real, because he needed us. Without Corsica, there was nothing stopping any of the nearby crazies from rolling into his town and taking over. That wouldn't end well for him, or his family.
So we had two strikers out there doing regular short range patrols, an MGS2 and an MGS4-Ultra. They hadn't headed out yet, so they were positioned on the north and south sides of the base. They did that to prevent them from both being taken out by a single missile or something.
So as fast as he could re-position himself, and bring his gun to bear on these things, the guy driving the MGS2 on the north side let loose with his 140mm. 
Well, I have to say... that got their attention.
They were all bunching up near the wall and that APR KEP shell went through them like they were made out of paper mache. About six or seven of them were blown completely apart, or had a hole punched through them so big they fell over dead on the spot. The ones he missed didn't waste any time though. They spun around as quick as cats and took off after that MGS2. The driver slammed it into reverse and tried to keep some distance so could keep shooting. There was no way he could outrun them though and he knew it. He was just trying to buy some time in the hope that someone would give him some help. He got lucky, because it was just about then that the 4U cleared the curve of the wall and followed up with both of his 240 mm cannons. They hit them from behind and blew apart or shredded another twelve or thirteen of them. Those two guys are probably responsible for saving just about everyone who lived that day. Between the two of them, they managed to cut down almost half of those monsters.
Now, for things that didn't really have faces, the ones still standing looked surprised as hell. I mean, I was still just laying on that rock and watching from a couple hundred yards away, and as a nurse I'm also no real expert on dealing with enemy forces. But even I could tell from the way they reacted that whatever their plan was - it just got fucked like a cheerleading squad on prom night... pardon my language. They hadn't planned on going up against anything like what those MG's were dishing out, and that 4U was almost brand new back then. We just got ours six or seven weeks before and I guess whoever built those monsters didn't know we had one. Either that or they didn't realize how much firepower it had. Those original 4U's had two 240mm cannons that could fire together like a shotgun, or syncopated like a machine gun that was going really slow. So it would fire from the left cannon while the right auto-reloaded, then right while the left reloaded. They could hammer out 50 shells a minute when they went back and forth between the barrels like that. The shells were new too. Standard kinetic energy penetrators made out of depleted uranium, but caseless, so there was nothing to eject. They just wrapped them in this burrito thing that had the igniter and the propellant built in. Once it was loaded into the barrel, two plates on either side would hit it with a charge - and boom; that burrito wrapping would vaporize and ignite the propellant all at once. Since ejecting the casing was no longer a problem, and there was a lot less recoil, they figured out how to use more powerful propellants and toughened up the barrels to handle it. 
ML: For a nurse, you seem to know an awful lot about these weapons.
TB: You've never been in the military.
ML: No.
TB: I can tell. Otherwise you wouldn't have asked that. We're not Nurses in the Military, we're Military Nurses. There's a reason the word Military is first.
ML: Sorry
TB: Anyway... what you got in the end was a lot bigger projectile and it could be fired at speeds up to ten thousand feet per second. Combine that with how fast a 4U could fire, and what you had was a super-fast, anti-tank, capable weapons platform. Hell, they used one to sink a Caliphate battleship in Morraco a year after that. Just swiss cheesed it from one end to the other when it got too close to shore.
Anyway, at that point, the ten or so left standing realized they had a serious problem. So they split up and went for both of the MGSUs at the same time. The gunners couldn't reload and retarget before those monsters were on them, and started pulling those tanks apart into scrap metal. The remaining artillery emplacements were pouring shells into these things the whole time, and it sure annoyed them; but they didn't stop until those tanks were in a hundred pieces. The men in those MGSUs bought us the seconds we needed to seal the place up, and start slowing those things down with RPGs and grenades; but the way they died was a hell of a price for a hero's burial. They ripped those boys out by whatever part of them they could grab through a tear they made in the tank; and then just pulled them apart like taffy. They took their time about it too - legs first, then arms, then the head, after they stopped screaming. You know, they could have just dropped an RPG inside each tank, or shot in through the holes to kill them. They didn't have to do that. It was sadistic. Those boys put a hurt on them, so they killed them slow and horrible. They really were boys too, not a one of them over twenty five. Kids really, we all were. 
But a guy running one of the howitzers on the 4U side saw what they were doing and did the most horrible, and merciful thing you'll ever see in ear. He started blowing the heads off of the men as soon as they were yanked out. Killed them quick to prevent those monsters from torturing them. Well that really pissed these things off. It was like it was OK if he tried to kill them with that big gun, but mercy killing those men was spoiling their fun. The sick bastards couldn't put up with that, so they all turned around at once and sent nine or ten RPGs into that gun nest so fast you barely had time to realize it before it was over. 
Now, I want to take a second and point something out. When I say they all turned at once I mean it was one, single, perfectly synchronized movement. It was like those swimmers or skaters at the Olympics. When they fired those RPGs it only made a single report... just swing and BANG. The explosions all went off at the same time too - just about a second later and it blew that gunners nest apart. Made a fireball so big it actually foiled up into a mushroom cloud before it went out. But these things didn't even watch. The RPGs had barely left their launchers when they just turned and went back to torturing those men. Nice and slow. Like they had all the time in the world... even though they had to know there was air support on the way by then. The way those boys screamed was the most awful thing I've ever heard and it wasn't the pain in it that went through you. As a nurse I've heard pain my whole career. It was the terror. Those poor boys, oh my God... those poor, poor boys. They didn't deserve that. Nobody does.

You know, I used to know someone who said that you really don't know what fear is until you know for certain that you're about to die and you're not ready. That was the feeling I got when I saw those things finish with the tank crews and start back towards us. It was like hell had opened up and vomited out things so vile even Satan couldn't tolerate them. Now they were knocking at our front door. Just looking at them told you that you were about to die in the most horrible way imaginable, and that they were going to make you scream as much as they could before you went.
It's funny. I used to have a serious phobia about sharks. I was absolutely terrified of them. I couldn't go in the ocean past my knees, and they were in every nightmare I ever had. Twenty years ago you could have asked me what was the one way of dying that I feared the most and I wouldn't have hesitated a second. I would have been saying ,"sharks", before that question was off your lips.
But I'll tell you what. If I had a choice between jumping into a pool of Great Whites that hadn't eaten in weeks and being left alone in a room with one of those things? I'd do the most beautiful swan dive you ever saw right down the throat of the first shark I saw. No question. I'd welcome it, and after seeing those things at Sinai I lost my fear of sharks altogether. I went swimming in the gulf a few years after that and I jumped right in and swam around like I'd been doing it my whole life. Sharks never even crossed my mind. When I lay in bed that night and thought about it, I realized I didn't feel anything about them anymore. The idea of being scared of a fish after facing those things seemed silly. Sharks are teddy bears in comparison.
ML: So when they finished with the MGSUs, is that when they got into the base?
TB: Oh, well no, but they were a lot closer than when I first spotted them; and that's when I really got my first good look at them. When you saw them up close, well... I don't know how to explain it, but somehow it got worse. I kept trying to make sense of what I was seeing, but my brain wouldn't do it. Everything about them was just... wrong. There was no face, just this huge segmented black orb... like a bug’s eye. The whole head was low and wide like a crab, wrapping up around the orb, but leaving a narrow slit all the way around at the middle for them to see out of. The rest was mostly fused into the body and there wasn't any neck to speak of. They didn't need to turn their heads since that orb saw all the way around in that slit. Basically, the whole thing was like an armored two piece eye socket. Now, the rest of them was vaguely human in shape, but the dimensions were all wrong and that was what messed with you...
The torso was wide, thick and heavily armored with these interwoven layers of Kevlar, ceramiplastic, and some kind of titanium alloy. The shoulders were close to four feet across and looked like a bodybuilder's. Same was true for the chest, stomach and back - the pieces all looked solid from a distance, but they weren't. They were all made out of interlocking hexagons with tightly woven titanium fibers in between. It was all very flexible and when they moved it made a rippling movement, kind of like a snake or lizard. It made the hair on your arms stand up when you saw it. 
The arms were extended out like a spider's, but with thicker muscles than would have been in proportion. The arm sockets were very obviously mechanical ball and socket articulation; but the upper arms went right back to that hexagonal scaling. The elbows were mechanical again, and then the forearms were scaled to the wrists.
The torso ended at the waist and the entire pelvis and hip structure was mechanical articulation, then just like the arms, it went back to scaling except for the knees. There were two sets of those, one forward set above a reversed lower set. It was a bit like a dog's hind legs, but leaner and disproportionately long. It made them look a little like they were on stilts. We saw later that they could shorten them back to a more normal size, but they usually kept them extended to increase their running speed and agility. The ankle joints were articulated and the feet, if you could call them that were really just three long toes extended forward and one backwards. The ends had wide flat pads to keep them from sinking into the sand, but there was a long curved blade attached to the front of each toe that curved down and stopped a few inches from the ground.
The more you looked, the worse it got. Each one of them had a right hand big enough to hold a basketball inside of it with three long, clawed fingers and two opposing thumbs. The left hand was gone, and replaced with a compact rotating mount with six or seven different weapons on it. They'd point their left arm at something, the mount would spin, and whatever they needed would just flip out like a switchblade. Sometimes it was a heavy gauge projectile weapon, sometimes a grenade launcher, sometimes a blade, sometimes this jagged cutting spike like a three dimensional chain saw, or sometimes a pinch cutting tool like a bolt cutter. A couple of times we saw one use something like a small concentrated flame thrower. When they switched between them it happened faster than you could follow with your eye, but we could see it on the video playback. We watched it in slow motion as they'd switch between weapons three or even four times in under a second. It was incredible, and impossible... but there it was.
They were so fast and accurate with those things that if they saw you, and you were in range - you died. There was no way to react fast enough that they weren't already a step ahead of you. Their reaction times were at least twice as fast as any human being's and they were cunning as hell. That's why we thought they were just hopped up soldiers in some new type of exo that we hadn't seen yet. That was the only explanation we could think of for how they moved and reacted. We'd seen it before in Turkey when the Sword of Islam faction stole a shipment of Russian AR-4 heavy combat exos. They put martyr volunteers inside and hooked them up to an intravenous cocktail of cocaine, amphetamines, adrenaline, and straight oxygen. Those guys moved like these things, but they hadn't had enough of that cocktail to build up tolerance in the pilots. So they put a hurt on us in the beginning with their speed and stamina, but they couldn't think straight long enough to work as a team. So we drew them off from each other into blind alleys, where we could ambush them with heavy ordinance. It was one of the weirdest things I ever saw. Under Islamic law they knew they would go straight to hell for being unclean when they died, and they did it anyway.
But these things weren't piloted exos, or even remote drone units. We started dismantling the frameworks back at the Kansas facility thinking we'd find dead pilots inside, but as soon as we peeled back the armor, we weren't sure what we were dealing with. We found that extensive modifications had been performed on the human tissues inside them. Then when we went deeper, we started thinking that they had surgically grafted volunteers into android pupate bodies. But it was worse. A lot worse. Eventually we realized that what we had originally thought were men blended into the machines were just parts. It was hard to estimate accurately, but we figured that only about twenty percent of them were human in the strictest sense. What tissue there was had been horribly bastardized. 
Everything indicated that the biological components had originally been removed from infants or... or the unborn, and then grown into the frameworks. There was also clear evidence of nanite involvement. They were practically saturated in them, with at least four thousand in every cell we examined. The micronites had accelerated and guided the growth and structure of the organisms while simultaneously adding more and more sophisticated articulation and integrated weaponry. At least the first six months of their existence had to have been spent submerged in a nanite raw material bath while that happened. 
Then someone had removed the components of their brains responsible for identity, personality, and most of their higher thinking functions. There were biotech replacements grafted into those areas and at the sensory input structures. At a deeper level their limbic regions had been augmented and laced with synthetic hormone implants to make them extremely aggressive, predatory, and completely devoid of empathy. 
When you pulled them apart you could hardly tell where muscles ended and the fabrisynth tissues began. Nerves and circuitry ran in and out of each other, all blended together making structures we never could have imagined, much less designed or fabricated. We found organs like nothing we'd ever seen. There were no hearts, or maybe it's more accurate to say there were dozens. Tiny little liquiturbine valves were mounted at every major circulatory junction. Their blood was mixed with synthetic oxygen transport fluids, and moved twice as fast as a human being's. That's why they never seemed to slow down, never rest. Their lungs were extruded into tight compact spirals running down both sides of them like insects, and another set of filtered turbines pushed clarified air through them nonstop. They didn't have to breathe to bring it in. It just flowed through constantly. The blood was hyper oxygenated by those synthetic fluids to keep them alert, and prevent fatigue. The liver was much smaller than normal, and was interlaced with structures we still don't understand. It filtered out everything we threw at it, even neurotoxins. Same thing was true for the kidneys. 
The digestive tract had been shortened, and given a much larger stomach to hold food. The whole thing seemed to be mostly designed to process proteins; and, from what we could tell, they worked in a constant state of Ketosis. So they burned fats for energy instead of carbohydrates. That kept their systems better regulated and made energy supplies last longer. But there were also artificial systems running right alongside the intestines, converting some of the food into power for the mechanical, technical, and chemical systems. That had to pull a lot out of them. So we figured they had to eat at least sixty to a hundred thousand calories every twenty four hours - if you could think of it as eating. The stomach had a direct port on their side, under the left arm and about as big as your fist. From what we could tell they had to be hooked up to some sort of system that would pump pre-ground meat or other protein bases into them. But they could open it up a lot bigger if they needed to, and just jam stuff through a grinder that was built into the system. Liquid waste was minimal due to the enhanced kidneys and was ejected through a port on the lower back. Another similar port would eject these spherical feces knots after all of the water had been extracted. Sort of like a rabbit, but baseball sized, and as hard as a brick. 
The whole works: brain, lungs, liver, kidneys, digestive tract, and all of the other strictly necessary organs were all packed into an oblong compartment housed in the torso. They varied in size, but we never saw one bigger than a five gallon bucket. Nerves and circuits actually grew out of that capsule and ran out to the other systems.
It was gruesome and... Incredibly efficient.
That was what we found everywhere. Efficiency. It was the fundamentalist religion of whomever their creators were - ruthless, unemotional efficiency. Every decision that went into every component of them, every part of their design,  every step in their development, every piece of metal or plastic, every circuit, every cut of the scalpel, every piece of tissue. It all served efficiency. If it wasn't efficient, it was ground off in a machine shop, or left on the operating room floor. 
Even the code we pulled from their computers had been written right in binary. I didn't really know what that meant until one of the techs explained it. He said that it had been written directly in machine language. No one does that anymore because it's just too hard. It was possible back when computers were giant boxes, and you fed punch cards into them, but once they got more complicated, it wasn't something you could do in your head anymore. Apparently just trying to program a calculator in binary would be too much for most people. So that's why they created all of the different programming languages. Those languages we can understand, and then a compiler translates it all into the ones and zeros that computers actually speak in... but not this code. 
This was stuff written to run on some of the most sophisticated micro-hardware in the world, but whoever did it sat down and wrote it all out in ones and zeros. Eddie and his crew were beside themselves over it because it's just not possible, but there it was right in front of them anyway. It scared the living hell out of the people who really understood what that meant. Some of these biomedical tough guys, who looked completely bored while they were elbow deep in the bloody carcasses of these monstrosities, turned white when they saw that code.
It was perfect, not a single line or digit wasted, and it all hung together in a way that the techs said was impossibly tight. One girl who helped pull that code apart said it was almost beautiful in a way that really scared her, like a symphony that made your blood run cold when you heard it. When it was all over, and we were shut down, everyone on the team that dealt with that code needed counseling at the V.A. for years. I heard rumors that the doctors treating them had a lot of problems - said it was like trying to do physical rehab on someone who had picked up a car. Every one of their muscles was torn, every tendon stretched or snapped, all the bones cracked and split. But instead of their bodies it was happening in their minds.
Apparently, they all knew how important it was to unravel this code and just voluntarily drove themselves until they broke trying to get it done. Nobody really got better, especially the ones that made any progress on it - like Eddie Mathers. I guess you deserve to hear about him too, but not today.
Can we take another break now? I'm tired.

Transcription discontinued by officiator

13:47PM EST

Officiator Note 
Subject had been speaking for close to five hours at this time. She appeared fatigued and I suggested we discontinue for the day and reconvene in the morning. After some initial hesitation she agreed. I offered transportation by FBI chartered vehicle and she accepted. Agent Vox brought the sedan to the garage entrance and transported Captain Bowlin to her hotel. 
Chapter 8
Abaddon
Job 26:6


“Battle not with monsters, lest ye become a monster.”

- Friedrich Nietzsche

Date:                                 
March 6, 2054

Time:                                 
8:48AM EST

Subject:
Captain Tammy Bowlin, R.N., D.N.P. United States Army Nurse Corp Retired 

Active Duty:
Officer Specialty 66H medical-surgical nurse

Enlisted:
August 12, 2018

Operation Persian Tiger 
2019 - 2023

Battle of Istanbul 
2024 - Awarded Silver Star for heroism

Sinai BioNuclear Conflict
2026 - Awarded Mediterranean Conflict Medal, Awarded Purple Heart

75th Ranger Reg Advanced Medical and Biotechnology Unit of the DARPA Research and Engineering Joint Initiative 
2026

Retired Reserve
2048

Purpose of recording:
Addition to Library of Congress Quantum Mechanic archive records

Category:
Related Quantum Mechanic Metadata

Source:
First person dictation transcribed by Marcus Lillian, Federal Bureau of Investigation


Officiator Note 
After Agent Vox returned yesterday, we spent the afternoon assembling secondary and third level references corroborating Captain Bowlin's narration. To the best of our abilities we could not find any information that contradicted any component of her story. 
In fact, there is evidence that Captain Bowlin may have understated the level of traumatic stress that was inflicted on the soldiers at Forward Operating Base Corsica in Sinai. At the time of the attack there were 874 soldiers and 78 contract personnel stationed there. 724 soldiers and 46 contract personnel were killed in the first 12 minutes of the attack on March 11th, 2028. An additional 62 soldiers and 23 contract personnel were wounded. 43 of the wounded soldiers and 12 of the wounded personnel later succumbed to their wounds and died at the medical facilities located in Rammstein, Germany.  
FOB Corsica was located on a flat range of stone and sand with occasional rock formations covering a terrain of approximately 1300 square miles. The bunkers, machine shops, structures and equipment on FOB Corsica were considered a complete loss. The base was quarantined for forensic and training purposes after the attack and was decommissioned in August 2032. 
At the time of the attack, Corsica was being used as a base of operations for a battalion-sized task force working out of 3rd Brigade Combat Team's Area of Operations West. The task force's mission was to prevent further infiltration by anti-coalition efforts and to isolate the area of operations from external threats. The task force was composed of soldiers from several units with many different military occupational specialties. Soldiers from 1st Battalion, 14th Inf. Regiment; Battery C, 2nd Bn., 11th Field Artillery Rgt.; Btry. B, 1st Bn., 62nd Air Defense Artillery Rgt.; Company B, 65th Engineer Bn.; Co. B, 215th Forward Support Bn., and Marine Corp. Recon units all conducted operations at various times out of FOB Corsica during the 5 years it was in use.
In March 2028 the 1st Battalion 14th Infantry [Task Force Red Eagle] and the 11th Field Artillery Rgt.;Btry. B. were solidly planted in FOB Corsica and were fully engaged in all aspects of military operations. It is from these two units that the above listed casualties occurred. 
Between 2028 and 2040 all of the surviving 107 soldiers had been discharged from service under a variety of conditions. By 2043 a total of 49 of those soldiers had committed suicide, died from drug overdoses, been killed driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol, or lost their lives under a variety of other suspicious circumstances. The vast majority of the remaining soldiers are still under some form of psychiatric care from the Veteran's Administration or private organizations.
Among those who were lost to suicide was SPC Specialist Gene Ogden. According to Army records, he was the responsible for sniping the MGSU operators at Sinai when they were pulled from their tanks. He apparently escaped being killed by the RPG barrage sent into his emplacement by leaping out before impact. His left leg was broken, and he was knocked unconscious when he landed on the ground twenty two feet below. He survived because an unknown soldier dragging him underneath of a nearby equipment shed, where he was discovered the following day.
SPC Ogden suffered from severe depression that was never successfully treated, despite extraordinary efforts by both V.A. and private sector doctors. Six years after he was medically discharged, he took his own life with the very rifle he used to spare his friends from a death we cannot imagine. According to another survivor we interviewed, one of those he shot was his own brother, SPC Roger Ogden. Although the exact nature of Roger's death cannot be confirmed, he was killed at Corsica while serving as an MGSU Armament Specialist.
The 11 surviving contract personnel who survived the attack did not return to service, and only 4 are alive today. The rest died in a similar manner to the soldiers. 2 of the remaining 4 are under psychiatric care, and one has been under suicide watch several times in the last 8 months.
All told, of the 116 men and women who survived the first known encounter with Yaoguai class Cybernetically Blended Assault Units, only 60 remain alive just 15 years later; and almost all of them are still suffering from severe physical or psychological problems.
It is a testament to Captain Bowlin's character that she not only survived the attack on Corsica, but volunteered to assist efforts to better understand the threat. A source who wished to remain unknown, stated that Captain Bowlin communicated with several high ranking Army personnel, and one former US Senator (who had all been patients of hers) in the first two days after her arrival at Rammstein. She apparently called in every favor she had to guarantee her assignment to the 75th.
Captain Bowlin also never married and has no children. It is my opinion that her experience at Corsica caused her to dedicate the rest of her life to ending the threat of Yaoguai CBA Units.


Begin transcription


TB: OK, where were we? 
ML: You were talking about the code, and how it affected the techs.
TB: Oh yes, Eddie. I was going to tell you about Eddie.
Another poor boy these things took. Somehow those monsters kept right on killing even after they were dead.
I lost touch with almost everyone after they decommissioned all of the facilities, and then we went through that three month debrief at Ft Knox. I think everyone just wanted to get the GAA investigations as far behind us as we could. So we avoided being around people we knew. It just shoved the whole thing back in our faces. 
But I saw Jenny Mathers at the GAA Trials. She had been married to Eddie, our head tech while we were at RAMBUS. He was a cute kid, maybe twenty six or twenty seven years old when he came to us straight out of MIT and DARPA. He had a bunch of PhD's and cruised out at the top of his class like it was summer camp. I heard his IQ was so high they really couldn't measure it, and Jenny was just about the prettiest little thing you ever saw. I liked both of them. But when I saw her at the trials she looked like an old woman. Her eyes had that hollow, haunted, thousand yard stare like shell-shocked vets get. Worse than that though, was her voice. It was flat, quiet, dead and it went right through you like a cold knife. It was the voice of someone who couldn't find a reason to live anymore, but couldn't figure out how to die either.
I caught her in the hallway after she came out from testifying and asked her where Eddie was. She just looked at me with this flat, lifeless stare; and right away I knew he was dead. So I hugged her and asked if we could get some dinner, and she accepted. It took her almost three hours to tell me the whole story, but I'll sum it up for you.
Turns out Eddie never let go of that code, even though he knew he could go to prison for it. He kept a copy on his slate and wore himself down to a nub trying to understand how it could have been created. He poured over it every night for years until he was barely sleeping. When he did sleep, he'd twitch and mumble, sweating like he was in an oven. Jenny said he'd sit bolt upright in bed at least twice a week, screaming like he'd seen the angel of death. It took everything she had to calm him back down when that happened. Within a year he'd lost so much weight that he looked like a ghost. His hair turned grey, and then it went white. 
She tried everything to help him. She took him back home to his family in Texas, quit her job, and drove him back and forth to Doctors and the V.A. but nothing helped. The counselors said he never talked to them. Just sat there until his time was up and shuffled back out. Doctors said he was more stressed than anything they'd ever seen, and the drugs they prescribed weren't working.
A few months later she woke up early and realized Eddie wasn't in bed. She looked all over for him, calling his name and turning on all the lights. She finally looked outside and there he was in the backyard, just standing there in sweatpants, bare feet, and nothing else. He was staring at this little sliver the sun was making as it came up. He had that slate in his hand, but it just hung by his side with that cold, elegant code on it. 
So she went out to him. Took his hand and said his name real quiet. She asked him to look at her. She said he turned his head to her slowly, shaking, and there were tears running down his face. His mouth was hanging open and it went up and down like he was trying to say something. So she reached up and took his face in her hands, saying his name again and he finally looked down at her. Now he was a tall kid, maybe six four and a bit, and she was just a little thing. So she had to look straight up to see his face like that. Tears dripped off him and onto her face so fast she said it was like rain. She asked him what was wrong over and over, and after a few minutes he blinked and finally spoke.
She said it came out in this hollow, hoarse whisper, and all he said was "It's not code..." like it was the most precious secret in the world. Then he went down on his knees and fell over dead.
The doctors said it was a massive series of strokes, all over his head, like bullet holes. It had destroyed more than half of his brain before he hit the ground. His heart gave out too and popped like a worn out balloon. After the autopsy they told her that a hundred of the best doctors in the world couldn't have saved him two weeks before that, much less that morning. His body had eaten itself alive. Whatever was in that code, it was cancer. It devoured that poor kid like slow acid, cut away at him piece by piece every time he understood more of it. 
You see... it wasn't like Eddie had to stretch like the others. He knew he was up to the task; but it was going to take him a while, like eating an elephant one bite at a time. And he was like a lot of math-smart kids his age, obsessed with puzzles, and this was the greatest puzzle he'd ever seen. He could almost see the answer all the time, but it kept dancing back out of reach whenever he thought he was close. 
So he bit and chewed, bit and chewed, and he saw how a little more of how the code worked each time. Jenny said he kept telling her it would get better once he got past the toughest parts of it. But every little slice he took in was just a little more of that horrible beauty, a little more elegant death. Eventually though, it looks like he learned every instrument and every note that composed that awful code. I think in the end that's what killed him - he finally understood it. He saw how the symphony was played from the conductor's viewpoint, and it was just too much for anybody to live with... at least anybody with a soul.
You see Mr. Lillian, everything about those things was as black and evil as Satan's heart, and once you're touched by that... Well, every day after is a fight to not let the stain devour you. 
You know, I was never much for religion when I was young. But once you see absolute evil you have to deal with the fact that if the one extreme exists, so must the other. You can’t have demons without angels. There’s no Satan without God. I had to come to terms with God because that's what those creatures were, evil and terrifyingly perfect. To put it simply, they hadn't been made - some unfathomable mind had torn apart little babies and used the pieces to grow their own army of demons as integrated machine-organisms. 
They weren't people augmented with technology, and they weren't just machines with human parts. They weren't separate. The stress of the integration should have killed them thousands of times over; but it didn't, and we don't know why. Maybe it was in that hell spawned code. They were crafted to kill and die and their existences had to be short, full of agony, and driven by nothing but fear and rage. The only mercy that was given to them, as far as I could tell, was that they weren't self-aware. At least not like you and I are. The brain construction they had retained was only the ancient parts we inherited from reptiles; coupled with the worst things we kept from the days when we killed each other over the carcasses of dead animals. 
That amputation of their minds meant they had no emotions other than rage and hunger. Everything else, including their soul, had been carved out of them and died on the floor of some horrible operating theatre. At least that’s what I pray happened when I can't sleep at night. If I’m wrong, then it means the souls of innocent children were trapped in those machines, tormented until they went insane, and then made to fight until they became monsters.
But I believe that at the very least they’d had their sense of self ripped away, and that's why they had no fear of death... as long as they went down killing. I saw them do the most suicidal things at Sinai. They'd charge tanks or wade right into a whole battalion of heavily armed Marines. I saw them run right through military grade defenses while we were shelling them with RPGs and pouring firepower at them like the wrath of God. The first ones just died, and the ones behind them used their bodies as shields to get closer. These things were made for one thing, and one thing only - to kill, and they were unbelievably good at it. 
I told you how it took a lot to bring one down. I don't think they really felt pain, at least not like we do. You combine that with the kind of armor they were wrapped in and you've got the most effective extermination force the world has ever seen. I saw a grenade go off right under one while it was charging us. The explosion blew it thirty or forty feet up with pieces flying off of it and the damn thing just rolled in midair and hit the ground at a full sprint. It didn't even break stride. 
We only survived because the Marines started making huge Molotov Cocktails out of empty plastic shipping barrels, and firebombing the horrible things to burn out their biological components. When that stopped working because they got wise to it, the Marines rigged up a makeshift flamethrower from a diesel delivery truck and burned out most of the rest. They all died in the process though. Sergeant McCallum took out the last one himself, by doing a suicide run into it with half a blivit of fuel strapped onto a forklift.
The weird thing was, all of those monsters ran right into their own deaths like you or I would run trying to catch a plane. They had no ability to think, other than rudimentary decision making. Even that was just based on stimulation delivered from these little neural, solid-state supercomputers inside of them. Those were made entirely from superconducting graphene, and we found them at the center of each organism. They were protected by a hardened, state of the art shell and we destroyed a lot of them just trying to get them open. When we did, we found brick sized CPUs and memory cores with redundant radio, ultrasonic, infrared, and even micro laser based networking systems. Some of the damn things were still running when we got to them, trying to connect to the others. So, although they each had a degree of autonomy, they were all tied back to some kind of central control to coordinate their attacks. I guess you could think of them a little bit like those fire ants from the Amazon. Each one was doing its own thing, while at the same time they all served the will of the whole. We were desperate to figure out where the central control was or how it communicated with them over long distances. We never found evidence that pointed to a control node though, and Eddie theorized that there really wasn't one. He believed that some sort of "over-mind" arose organically in the interlinking of the swarm. From what he could tell, as long as more than five of them stood, they could work together as one organism. They shared computing cycles across the network, and strategic level organization was delivered back through some sort of cascading logic.
That was the code that messed up the techs heads when they tried to understand it.
That was the code that killed Eddie.

End transcription

March 6, 2054

1:38PM 




If you enjoyed Stormfront, be sure to look for the second and third novellas of The Quantum Mechanic Series at your favorite ebook retailer. Alternately, you can receive all three novellas by purchasing the first Omnibus.

Novella II – “Prometheus Within”

Novella III – “The Third Law”

Omnibus I








About the author: 

Jason is in his early forties and currently lives in Kentucky, near the small town Wexton is based on. He shares his home with a very patient wife, several children, and one small and incredibly neurotic dog.
The Quantum Mechanic eBook Series is his first foray into fiction.



Stay Connected
Official Website: http://www.quantummechanicbook.com
Follow me on Twitter: https://twitter.com/quantummechbook
Friend me on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/thequantummechanicbook
Jason can be reached by email at: thequantummechanicbook@gmail.com

