



Children of Atlas



By Dustin Porta





Children of Atlas



Smashwords Edition



Copyright 2015 Dustin Porta

Cover by Duane Knight


Thanks to Duane, Jenny, Martina, Megan, Don, and Dennis. 
Also Kelby.


This is a work of fiction. any resemblances to actual persons or entities, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.









Thank you for purchasing Children of Atlas. If you enjoy reading, please consider reviewing my novel online.
Prologue: New Ears

"A hunter needs more than her strength and fastness, she must keep going even when she is being the most tired."
Betrix was slumped over a table crying. No tears came, her real eyes had been gone for some time. The dark-haired woman from the Dutch-Russian dome held the spine-tipped implant to her ear canal, a wooden mallet in the other hand ready to drive the device home. A small trickle of blood dribbled from her other ear and onto the tabletop.
It was said that in the old days, implants were installed painlessly while patients slept. Now this was the way: the sharp end was hammered in and drew power from the blood to activate and repair the wound, mending flesh to metal, mind to device. The pain never went away entirely.
"Is only one more sweetie." The woman set the hammer down a moment and stroked her hair. "Then you will be much stronger. There, don't cry. Now count with me. One..." She picked the hammer up again and lined up the implant.
"The eyes were supposed to be the last," Betrix sniffled, feeling along the edges of the visor. A full calendar old, the flesh had already grown around it.
"Aww, is she having the cold feets? This is okay. Is good sweetheart, you know. Your eyes is why, partly we did choose you for helping us, not just strongness. But you are needing to hear better too, okay?"
"Yeah," she sniffed.
"Come on now. Count. One..."
"W...one." Betrix shuddered.
"Two," she counted. Betrix didn't."This better job you know, better money too, maybe you live longer, wouldn't that be nice? Come on now. Two..."
"T...two," Betrix sniffed.
"Aw sweetness, don't cry little cheeseplum, you are strong fighter, I see this. I seen you fight in the ring. And stronger now with these new ears. Now hold still, okay sweetness?" She held the implant steady, mallet raised.
"I don't know if I can..." 
"Three!" she shouted and swung the hammer.

¤))

Morning

Leanne woke early, while the lights in her agriculture pod were still dim and the sun was hidden behind the station. She rose quietly so as not to wake Ben, and after checking on their daughter, filled a small bag with things from a cupboard and slipped into the still-darkened field.
The soil outside the family hut was damp from the irrigators and she kicked her sandals off to feel it underfoot. Fresh footprints, larger than her own, diverged from the path and led off through rows of soycorn, toward where the overhead window curved to form the wall on the far side of the pod. Ben must have been up during the night and walked this way. He liked to look out when he couldn't sleep.
She followed Ben's footprints along the window's edge, running a finger across the cold glass. The stars outside shone brightly. The sun and moon and the colorful earth were out of sight, only the empty universe and the outer ring of the space-station where she lived. The dome-city, New Lexington, loomed in the distance.
Leanne had never understood why Ben would stand for hours and stare at the same stars, the same old hull of the same aging space station.
From the pod window, the distant city with its cylindrical skyscrapers and crowds of people looked like a giant fungus, the kind that sprouted from spoiled crops when farmhands weren't vigilant. Leanne could almost see movement inside. The farmers who toiled to grow their vegetables in the thin soil at the edge of the dome would be up already and working. 
From here it looked so close, but Ben would have a long walk this morning, winding through side corridors, up and down stairways and tunnels through the Rhine, the outer ring of Atlas, before he reached the city. In sunlight the Rhine shone white and arched out of view like a road over the horizon, but when the sky was empty and the station dark, it seemed to disappear against the stars.
Leanne was not fascinated with the same old stars. She turned back to the path, toward the rest of the commune. She pushed gently against the pod door. It opened automatically and Leanne felt her way down the dark staircase to the commune hall. 
At the other end was the kitchen. A dim bulb, hastily installed a generation ago by a traveling mechanic, at great expense to the commune, gave just enough light to cook by. Someone was already heating a pot of water on the stove.
"Leanne," the woman in the kitchen crowed when she stuck her head through the door, "I didn't know you were an early riser," implying that Leanne was lazy.
"Good morning Hostess Sarah, you're up early yourself. I thought your man did the cooking?"
"Marus got into the compost yesterday and he smells like a pisspot. So I'm heating bathwater. Earl says I'm mad, but no son of mine is going reek of manure for days on end. What has you up so early Leanne?" 
"Oh, Ben has a long walk this morning. I thought I might make something for him to bring along."
"Hostman Ben does have quite the appetite." Sarah never missed the opportunity to remind Leanne that she and Ben had been close growing up. "Where could he be going that he needs to wake so early?"
 "You remember the man who was here yesterday?" Leanne asked, walking to the cupboard and retrieving a bag of soycorn meal. She poured some into a pot of her own, added water, and put it on the stove.
"You mean the fool who came to buy soycorn out of season? I've never heard of someone offering so much for an ear of corn."
"Well I've never heard of the cafeterias running out so soon in the season, but there are so many farmers moving to the city."
"Ben's going to sell your stores?" Hostess Sarah feigned shock. "You know there are some in the commune who think it's not right for one family to keep its own stores outside of the dry-room."
"We thought we might sell just a little," said Leanne, "he was offering a-lot of money."
"It's not just that is it?"
"Well..." Leanne stirred the pot.
"It's that new field hand of yours. He's causing problems."
"He isn't used to the pod," said Leanne.
"I heard he let half of your crop go to mold." 
"He's a fast learner." It took all of Leanne's will not to become defensive.
"Well, if he was any older he'd have been kicked out by now."
"The boy doesn't have anyone."
"He won't be a boy much longer. I've seen the way he acts with the young girls. I wouldn't trust him around little Sun if I were you. No, a boy that age is trouble waiting to happen."
Leanne retrieved a can whose label had disintegrated a century ago. Inside was some starchy vegetable she had never seen before. 
"It's our anniversary," said Leanne, knowing Sarah would ask about the can. These ancient foods were so hard to come by and there were only a handful left in the communal stores.
 After tasting a little, Leanne decided to dice and fry these in a pan with soycorn oil. She pulled another container from the bag.
"Old Bay spice?" Hostess Sarah raised a suspicious eyebrow. "I thought the last of the Old Bay was used up calendars ago."
"It was a gift from one of Ben's city friends. I've been saving it."
"You two have a lot of things you keep to yourselves. You had better hope the chamber doesn't catch word." 
Leanne sighed. Hostess Sarah ran the chamber, along with Ben and some of the older members of the community. It was her family's seat, but Leanne had asked her man to take it, Ben having more patience for the bickering that went on there. Leanne preferred her fields.
"I'm making it for the boy too." She added the spice to the vegetable. "He said they still eat the Old Bay in the Wilds. I thought it might make him happy, before he has to go."
"So Ben will be taking the boy to the city after all," the Hostess said, satisfied with herself for guessing right. "He hasn't harmed Sun has he? I knew that boy was trouble, Leanne if he has done any wrong to you or your family, you know the chamber will see to it he is punished."
"It's just not working out," Leanne said, "nothing wrong."
"If you say so. Still I wouldn't waste canned food on a boy like that. You could sell just a few of those things instead of your and Ben's entire stores."
"It's still our anniversary and we've all been working hard, even little Sun works in the field. I thought Ben deserved something nice. Without the boy, I don't know if we can keep the crops from molding. But like you say, he has to go." Leanne stirred the pot with the soycorn meal then spooned the porridge and vegetables into separate containers. Hostess Sarah huffed like she wanted to say something else, but didn't. Maybe she felt sorry for Leanne. Between bad farmhands, and overactive irrigators, the family was lucky that half of their crop had survived.
"Good luck washing your son Hostess Sarah." Leanne put the containers into her bag and quickly rinsed the pot and pan, hanging them on their hooks to dry.
"Give Hostman Ben my best Leanne." Sarah pulled up a stool to watch her water boil."Tell him I agree, the boy needs to go. Ben has a good heart but nothing but trouble ever came from his taking in strays. If he tries to change his mind, you tell him Hostess Sarah is on your side."
"Thank you Hostess, I will," Leanne lied, hurrying out the door. She tried to shake off her irritation on the walk back to their hut. It was difficult enough sending the boy off without it becoming gossip. She stubbed her toe on the dark staircase. 
"Hull damn you Ben, always walking about barefoot and why can't we hire workers who know what they're doing, always taking in troubled boys, we have a daughter of our own to raise." She cursed up the stairs to the farming pod and grabbed a pair of sandals from inside the pod door, stomping through the damp field to their little hut.
Outside, she paused and closed her eyes, breathing deeply until she had regained her composure. She pushed the conversation out of her mind and cooled her nerves. She ducked inside and stepped quietly over to Ben. Sitting lightly on the edge of the bed, she whispered in his ear.
"Good Morning, shh. Sun is sleeping. I made food for your trip this morning."
A voice from the other side of the hut startled her. 
"Do you want me to gather the dried soycorn?" The boy was sitting on his blanket in the corner, fully dressed like he had been awake for some time.
"Dis," she choked, nerves still shaken from talking to Hostess Sarah. She wanted him to leave the hut. "Go and fill four sacks. Wait there for Ben okay."
He got up and ran out of the room, eager to get working. When he was gone, Leanne spoke to Ben again, this time jabbing him in the ribs so he would wake up, she spoke a little too sharply.
"You haven't told him."
"Ouch." Ben sat up and rubbed his side, smiling. He kissed Leanne but her firm expression didn't change. "I thought, best I told him once we got there." 
"That's cruel Ben."
"Cruel is making him so soon to leave." Ben hadn't lived in the city since he was young, but he still spoke like a Lexingtonian, switching words around. It was more pronounced when he was tired. 
"Ben we've had this conversation. We have a daughter. We do not have time to be adopting sons."
Ben looked at Sun, asleep in her small bed next to their own.
"Just take him to Julian. Julian will help him," said Leanne.
"Haven't talked Julian yet. Not for a long time." Leanne shook her head. For calendars she had been trying to break Ben of the habit of skipping words. He felt it was a part of his heritage, urban farmers of New Lexington having little to talk about and less time to say it, but Leanne felt that it lost him respect when he spoke at chamber meetings. At heart, it was endearing. Ben's voice was the first thing that had attracted her to him. It was hard to argue with the reassuring baritone, which had the same softness whether he was delivering a speech to the chamber or Ben singing little Sun to sleep.
"Julian will find a place for the boy, " she said, "don't worry. I made you breakfast." Then she leaned and whispered in his ear. "It's something very special." 
Ben seemed to remember.
"It's our anniversary?" He said.
"You forgot?"
"Didn't I forget, I've only just woken up." He rubbed the sleep from his eyes.
"It's okay if you forgot, you've been working very hard this season."
"Didn't I forget. But do you want your gift now so early," he yawned, "or better if we have some privacy later? We can send Sun to the neighbor's." Ben giggled and poked at Leanne playfully.
"You can give it to me later, after you get it in the city," she joked.
"Oh it's here, but hidden. And would I give it to you, we had some privacy but..." he looked out the door. The boy was waiting by the entrance to the farm pod, pulling the leaves off of a soycorn bush. "Hey stop that!" Ben yelled, jumping to his feet. "Every second he's here, he kills another of the plants. He has to go Leanne."
"Julian will find a place for him. Now go." She handed him the containers with the food. "Be safe Ben."
"Tell Sun I'm right back." He kissed their sleeping daughter on the head, tucking the blanket around her.
"I'll tell her when she wakes." They embraced and he was out the door. 
Leanne could hear Ben explaining to Dis how farmers don't pull leaves from perfectly healthy plants. Even though the boy was leaving, Ben felt he had to teach him. It would be hard for him to let the boy go and Leanne expected he would be so upset he would forget her gift. 
As long as he returned safely and without that boy, Leanne would be relieved.

¤))

Spilled Sugar

Julian's nightmare began with the screams of the Rhine-dwellers. In the dream he was still working as a guide for the New Lexington military. It was one of General Hewlett's early campaigns to bring the Rhine under Lexington control.
Julian was explaining to the General that killing the Rhine-people would only make travel more dangerous. In the Wilds, a family that lost members would replace them by kidnapping from villages. Rhine-people would likely do the same. Unless the General intended to kill every last one, he would only be making travel more dangerous.
"Then that's what we'll do. Kill ever' last one of 'em," the General bellowed and dove into the fray. 
A battle raged around him. All of the Rhine-dwellers were flooding into one corridor, overwhelming the soldiers of New Lexington. The General shouted that Julian was a coward and forced a spear into his hands. Instinct told him it was safer to run, but Julian vaulted into battle, old techniques coming back as he wielded the spear. It was the one he had used as a child, the one with his father's blade lashed to the end. Side-by-side with the General, Julian fought back the tide of Rhine-folk. 
Just as it seemed they would win, a growl rose behind him. It was the devil-cat, another childhood memory, yellow-pelted, spotted black, paws large as a man's face, with jaws to crush a skull. Spinning and dropping to one knee, he drove the dagger into the heart of the beast...and the battle stopped. Silence. 
The General, the Rhine-people and all of the soldiers were staring at him. They had been stripped naked. Their skin was smeared with black petrogrease, arms bound with lengths of cable, the ends of which were tied around large heavy objects: ovens, refrigerators, crates and chests of drawers. They looked at Julian as if he were already dead, as if killing the beast was a fate worse than letting it tear him to ribbons.
Julian tried to tell them that it had been an accident, that he'd never meant to kill the animal, but of course he was lying. It was too late, he wanted to tell them, the beast was dead, there was nothing he could do. He tried to shout, but he couldn't get the words out.
"I'm sorry," he tried to say, but the sounds were like cotton in his mouth. He wasn't sorry at all. He had done what was necessary to protect himself.
"I'm sorry," he gurgled, his tongue stiff, and swollen. And it was a lie, he wasn't sorry. He hated the thing and was glad to have killed it.
"I'm sorry." He finally got the words out, shouting himself awake.
The lights in Julian's bedroom were on. He was tangled in the sweat-stained sheets. Julian's foot clunked a half-empty bottle, knocking it off the bed. 
It wasn't just the shouting that had awakened him, someone was pounding on the door. He sat up and fixed his hair, coughed for a minute, and smacked his lips. The pounding at the door continued. Then Julian reached around until he found his glasses under a pillow. They sat crooked on his overlarge nose. The he shuffled over to the door.
He groaned as he drew nearer. The pounding felt like it was coming from the center of his skull. Julian took a deep breath, exhaled, and touched the controls. The door slid open, and there was Ben, looking tired, older, and far less cheerful than Julian remembered, his broad shoulders taking up most of the doorway. He had knocking for a while. 
"You're sleeping Julian?" It was late in the day already.
"Ben? What's going on?" Julian yawned and rubbed the sleep from his eyes.
"Ain't you gonna' say hello?"
"Hey old man." He patted Ben on the arm.
"Good enough," Ben shouldered past and looked around the messy kitchen. There was a boy behind him who stopped at the doorway and didn't talk.
"Still livin' the same place I set you up with?"
"It's a place to sleep," said Julian.
"I thought you'da found somethin' a little nicer, maybe room for a family."
"You know I don't want that."
"I just want you to do good Julian."
"You come to town for the market?" Julian asked. He stood blocking the door to the bedroom, which was even messier than the kitchen. 
Ben peeked over Julian's shoulder and frowned, "Up late huh, you doing alright?"
"Kate was over, we were putting the new layout together for tomorrow's paper."
"A lady friend? Does Spanner know?"
"She's my editor and Spanner and me aren't talking."
"You still workin' with that...what's it called?"
"It's a newspaper."
"You ought to give me a copy sometime."
"I thought you didn't read." Julian wanted Ben to stop sniffing around the dirty pots on top of the stove.
"Earl's son learned from that city girl. He can tell me what is says." It struck Julian that Ben didn't care about the newspaper, but he cared for Julian, and wanted him to do well. He had only worked for Ben a few calendars, but Ben had never stopped checking in on him.
"Yeah, I have a copy of the last one somewhere. I'll give it to you." Julian walked over and put his arms around Ben, not quite a hug, but the best he could manage. City people were always touching, shaking hands, bumping elbows. It was something Julian still wasn't used to. Ben knew this, and was surprised at the show of affection. "I'm glad you care." Julian said.
"Course I do," Ben clapped him on the back. "I like to know you done good." He stood back and looked around the room again, as if to re-assess. He smiled and was about to say something nice, when the boy spoke.
"I can't read," the boy interrupted. Concern returned to Ben's face. The boy was still in the doorway and they both turned to look at him. He swallowed nervously and took a step back into the hall.
"Dis, c'mere," Ben waved him inside.
The boy tiptoed in and stood next to Ben. He stared at the floor.
"How 'bout we sit down."
"Sure." Julian offered a chair. "Is there something you want Ben?"
"I'm gettin' to that. Dis sit down. This here's Julian, he used to work at the farm 'fore you came around."
"Hi," said Julian, sitting across from the boy, "I'm Julian. What's your name?”
“This is Disnee," Ben spoke for him, "doesn't talk much, kinda like you when you first come to the farm pod."
"Disnee, now that's a name. Where did it come from?” Julian poured himself a glass of water, and offered some to his guests, Ben shook his head.
"My ma' named me," the boy spoke haltingly, "she said it was the most beautiful place on Atlas."
"It was." Julian's answer surprised the boy. 
"It was just a story she told," said Disnee, "like earth stories, not real.”
"It's not silly, I've been there."
Julian searched around for a pen and paper. Not finding one, he spilled some sugar out of a plastic container and spread it on the table with the palm of his hand. He drew three concentric circles in the sugar with his finger. 
"This is Atlas." He gestured at the drawing. "Here's the Rhine." He traced the outer circle. "And this is the Wilds." He pointed to the second circle, inside of the first."The Wilds is a ring just like the Rhine, but fatter. Nobody knows how big it is but you could walk the halls your whole life and never see it all."
"That's where I'm from." The boy seemed to understand. Julian kept going. 
"The third circle's not a ring at all. It's a sphere, like a big ball in the middle of the first two. Some people call it the Pit."
"Like a hole?" Disnee asked.
"More like the seed of a cheeseplum."
"Oh."
"That's what tha' station looked like before The Bomb, Right?" Ben interrupted the lesson.
"Right, I'm getting to that," Julian continued. "We know it looks like this from old stories and pictures."  He drew lines connecting the circles, like spokes in a wheel. “These are the connectors. If you're from the Wilds, then you had to come through one of these to get here."
"Like one big hallway, but straight up." The boy seemed to understand what he was describing.
"Right," said Julian. Around the outermost ring, he made thirteen dots. "These are the dome cities: New Lexington (that's where we live), Tokyo2, Dutch-Russia, Arco-Saudi, the Euro Domes, Istanbul, Brahma and so on.”
“Istanbul isn't real.” Disnee leaned back in the small metal chair, crossing his arms.
“Not anymore.” With the back of his hand Julian dashed half the sugar off the table, erasing a third of the drawing.
"That's sugar!" The boy wanted to leap out of his chair and sweep it up. Julian chuckled.
"We trade for sugar. I can get more. Now look, Istanbul's gone, and all of the Euro Domes too.” With half the drawing erased, the outer rings were two crescents. The sphere in the center looked like a biscuit with a bite out of it. “These connectors are gone too.” Julian went about erasing spokes here and there. “I don't know about all of them, but I've seen a few myself.”
“You've seen the Wilds?” 
"Julian grew up there," said Ben, "jus' like you."
"We're here now." Julian pointed at the uppermost dot, closest to the edge of his erasure. “This is New Lexington, and before The Bomb, Istanbul was there.” Julian Pointed at the spot where the next dot had been. Then he made another dot, not on the outer ring with the others but on the second ring, the one called the Wilds. “That's Disnee's Dome," he said, "my father took me there when I was very young."
“I'm from that part,” Disnee chirped, “no dome there.”
“It was calendars ago. You can't get there anymore. It wasn't safe but you could tell it used to be beautiful.”
“Nowhere is safe.” The boy shrugged. It was the first thing he'd said that came naturally. Julian could see the Wilds in this boy. He understood the struggle, how hard it must be just to make conversation like this, to just sit out in the open, to not hide under the table or squeeze into the nearest crawlspace and wait there for hours or days, to not smash he and Ben's skulls in with the water glass, grab all the food from the cupboards and run hooting and howling into deeper parts of the station. Julian realized he was judging the heft of his own empty glass and set it down on the table. The others waited while he stood and filled the pitcher from the sink, and filled his glass from the pitcher. How lucky to find an apartment with running water, he thought, taking another drink while Ben and Disnee waited for him to continue.
“You're safe here," his voice cracked, "New Lexington used to be a great city, and it'll be great again. We have laws to protect the people here and we grow our own food. Well, the farmers in the communes outside grow most of the food, but we don't have to hunt for food like in the Wilds.
"An Julian works at a, whatsit called again?"
"The newspaper. It's...well...we found this thing in the Rhine, it's called a moveable-type-printing-press and, well it's hard to explain if you don't know how to read.”
“No,” the boy hung his head.  His eyes moved around the bare kitchen, resting on the light blue plastic tables, the grey cupboards, Julian's water glass. He looked back to the open cupboard. Some of the food containers had writing on them. “My ma' said that my dad used to read, but no one ever taught me.”
“That's okay." Julian poured water into Disnee's glass, though he hadn't asked for it. "I know what it's like to grow up in the Wilds. I was just lucky that my father kept maps. He taught me so I could follow them. You're still young enough to learn. Who knows, you might be working at the newspaper someday.”
“So I can stay and live with you?” Dis said, excitedly.
Julian shot Ben a look.
"That's what I come to talk to you about," said Ben.
"You need to stop waiting till the last minute to talk about things Ben."
"That's what Leanne always says."
"I didn't know until this morning," the boy added.
"Dis," said Ben, "can you go in the hall for a minute, I need to talk ta' Julian here."
Disnee got up and went to kick at some trash in the hallway.
"You know, I think I will have somethin' to drink." Ben held out his glass.
"Ben he's not fourteen calendars old."
"He's got enough smarts to him, it's just...just not workin' out on the farm. You remember what it was like."
"Ben I was older."
"Older 'n harder to teach. This boy's good, he just..it's just, crops aren't so good this year and I don't have the time I used to. Little Sun's a handful without the boy around to worry me."
"I don't know Ben. I'm working so hard already." Julian looked back at the mess in the bedroom.
"When I got here you were sleeping." Ben paused. "Sorry. Look, I'll help with feedin' him if you can't find him work."
"It's not that, I'll find him work, even if it's just helping around the paper, it's just, I'm finally settling in here, you know?"
"I know it ain't easy, but Leanne's set on lettin' him go. I am too. I just don't want to send him back where he came from."
Julian remembered the dream he'd been having and shivered.
"Wilds-people can be dangerous Ben. Even the good ones."
"That's why I can't have him around little Sun. But I don't want to send him back there. Boy's been through a lot. Lost his mother."
"Yeah, well..."
"Just help him get started in Lexington," Ben held out the empty glass, "as a favor."
Julian sighed and filled it from the pitcher.
"Ben, I could raise him from a squab and still owe you a favor. You're the whole reason I'm here."
"Oh you don't got to do nothin' you don't want to, Julian. I'm just happy to see you doing good," he looked around the apartment again, "but the boy could sure use a hand. I know there's a lot of people would want to live in the city and can't, but he's a good one, Julian. Reminds me of you."
“We'll work something out." Julian sighed again, yawning and rubbing his eyes. "Hey Disnee, come in here."
The boy tiptoed to the door and peered inside.
"Disnee, look I'm already late for work. Why don't you come with me and we'll start talking about finding a place to stay.” 
"Really? So I can work for the noos-paber?"
"Slow down there," Ben stood and raised a hand to quiet the boy, "now Julian didn't say that."
"It's okay," Julian said, "we'll figure something out. You won't be in the High Governor's rooms, but you'll have a bed to sleep in and something to eat."
"Thank you Julian," said Ben. The boy didn't say anything until he noticed Ben looking at him.
"Oh, um, thank you. I'll work hard. Promise." His tone was a little flat like he'd just rehearsed the words and wasn't entirely sure what they meant. Wilds-folk didn't have much use for promises. Ben had been working hard to teach him how city people talked. 
"If it wasn't for Ben I wouldn't be here." Julian told the boy, "So I don't have much of a choice. I owe him a debt." 
"You don't owe me," said Ben.
"I do though," Julian insisted. "Now, I'm hungry, you want something to eat?"
"I'll pass on your cooking," Ben sniffed in the direction of the dirty stove, "Dis you might like it," the boy nodded.
"Aren't you staying a while?" Julian stood.
"Just long enough to get Dis here settled, it's me and Leanne's anniversary. She thinks I forgot, but the whole commune's throwin' a party, if I can get back in time. Hostess Sarah even got up early to start the cake. Leanne caught her, almost spoiled the whole thing."
"Well Ben, I know you just got here, but if want to go, I'll figure something out with Disnee and you get on back before it gets too late. The Rhine's more dangerous than it used to be. I worry about you walking alone."
"Nowhere is safe," said the boy.
"You really are from the Wilds, aren't you," Julian looked him over, "It's safe here in Lexington. We have good people, and good laws to protect us. You don't have to be looking over your shoulder all the time. You'll see."
"See, you two are getting on already." Ben edged over to the door. Julian went to see him off.
"Be safe Ben." He attempted another stiff-armed hug.
"Oh don't worry about me. An I'm sorry to spring this on you."
"It's fine, we'll sort it out."
"Okay then, if you say so. And clean up this mess. If Leanne saw how you're livin' she have you scrubbin' til your hands wore off."
He grabbed Julian and hugged him tight. The boy watched from the table but didn't get up to say goodbye.
"Take care Disnee." Ben waved then turned and left toward the city gate. Dis stared for a moment then waved at the empty doorway.
"Now about breakfast..." Julian, rubbed his hands together, "I'll bet you like station-rat."

¤))

Connection

A full page of the calendar had passed, thirty days since the boy left the commune. Ben, Leanne and even little Sun were working harder than ever to keep the soycorn clear of mold and pests as harvest approached.
The family was together in the field, finishing the day's work when the alarm bell rang in the commons room. 
Leanne was up and running toward it before Ben realized what was happening.
"Leanne!" He caught her by the hand and she spun to face him.
"Get Sun someplace safe," she said and pulled free. Ben started to run for his daughter but Leanne yelled. Looking back he could see her struggling to hold the agriculture pod's automatic door open. It was closing on its own. Ben ran and threw himself underneath, bracing it with his back. Together they could hold it.
"We can't be stuck in here," Leanne struggled.
"I know. Sun! Come here!" He yelled but the girl had run into their hut and closed the door. 
"Sun, come out right now." Leanne echoed, but the alarm drowned out all other sounds.
"Go get her," Ben strained.
"Let me find something to brace it." Leanne looked around, "There was a rake by the door." 
"Jus' hurry. I've held it before."
Leanne's concerned eyes met his, she took his face in her hands and kissed it, then gave Ben the full weight of the door and ran to the hut to find Sun.
Ben was not as strong as he used to be. He struggled under the press of the door.
Holding that very same door had saved their lives once before, calendars ago, under very different circumstances. That day, the irrigators had been releasing a deluge of water, lights flickered and a blonde-haired, young-muscled Ben stood knee deep in flowing mud and braced the massive door open with his body while his woman, carrying his unborn child crawled through to safety. Ben had held the door while a young User convulsed in the water and the room depressurized. He hadn't known about Users back then. He had only heard of this new talent days earlier but he hired the boy in hopes that his seemingly magical ability to interact with Atlas might make it rain on Ben's crops more often.
What he hadn't known was that Users' mental control over the station was limited and dangerous to use. On that day, Ben had saved all their lives even the User, though his mind was gone. The farmer's world returned to normal and Ben's crop yields did improve for a while, until the rain was too much and the mold started. Now every day was a struggle to keep the mold away. That was the last time a User had been allowed into the farming colony.
That didn't stop them from appearing. Sometimes they slipped in unnoticed, many hid their abilities to find work. Other times, like today, their arrival was more dramatic.
While he strained under the door, the sounds of struggle rose in the commons and seemed to be coming closer. There was also the pounding of other farmers on the doors of their pods.
Unable to hold it any longer, Ben stumbled. The door slipped from his back and slammed shut with a hiss. 
He turned to Leanne who was holding their daughter, standing in the field halfway between him and the shack. 
"It's no use, go hide Sun."
Someone had raised the alarm seconds before the door slid shut. All he knew was that a User had been refused entry into the farming commune and was fighting their way in. It wouldn't be the first time Rhine-folk had tried to steal from the commune. Usually they could be chased off. 
This day Ben feared someone would die, but Hull be damned if it would be someone on his side of this door. Ben looked around for a weapon and found an old hoe, rusted and caked with dirt. He pressed it to his chest and flattened himself against the cold wall. The sounds of struggle in the commons had faded, only the pounding of farmers, trapped in their pods remained. If it was coming his way, he wouldn't go down without a fight. 
Ben's heart pounded. His eyes were fixed on the door, palms sweaty. He had encountered a number of Users since they first began to appear. None fully understood how they did what they did and few were very skilled at it. Whatever technologies had once connected men and women with the satellite were long forgotten and what control these Users wielded had emerged faulty and diminished.
Ben knew that this User had already forced its way into the commune and through the commons area, it would be tired, and weak. They must be on their last breath, Ben thought as he wrung the handle of his weapon.
With a hiss, the pod door opened and a squat, stocky figure stepped through, wrapped in heavy traveling clothes, hunched over and breathing heavily. It ran toward the hut. Ben chased after, and swung the hoe, missing with blade, but bringing the shaft down on the User's crooked back.
The lump on User's back screamed out. "Ben's trying to kill me," it shrilled. The User fell and Ben lifted the hoe overhead. He was about to strike again when he realized there was a small person on the User's back.
"Dade?" he wheezed, more than a little surprised.
"Hi Ben," the little person waved.
"You're not supposed to be here." Ben dropped the hoe to his side.
"We know!"
"Kelvin, did you let Dade talk you into this?"
The larger person groaned and rolled over. Ben reached down and pulled him to his feet. Kelvin shook his head. Ben spun him around to talk to Dade, who was still peering from between the traveling-clothes, still looking like a hump on his larger brother's back.
"Can you lock the door without bringing the roof down on us Dade?"
"Yeah Ben I'm really good at it now."
"Well do it, if the folks in the commune don't get time to cool off they'll tear ya' apart."
Dade concentrated. Ben could tell he was using his mind to reach out to the station.  The door hissed shut and the alarm faded. When Dade was finished, Ben started unwrapping the rags that the boys wore to protect against the cold of the Rhine.
"I just want to make sure I didn't break nothin' when I hit ya' with the hoe there." He lifted up their shirt to see if they were injured.
The boys were conjoined twins. Attached at the collar bone, Dade's undeveloped body was that of a toddler, his legs dangled and his arms weren't long enough to do much of anything. Only his abilities as a User gave him some advantage over his brother Kelvin, who was for the most part a normal, healthy farm boy of Tokyo2 descent.
Dade and Kelvin had appeared at the farming commune three calendars earlier. Teenage orphans, they had been driven out of their home commune, somewhere near the Dutch/Russian dome. They were hungry and had traveled for months looking for a new home. Ben was the first person willing to take them in.
The other farmhands had been afraid of them. This was understandable, Dade's head protruded from the back of his brother's stretched-out shirt collar, his shriveled arms and legs poking from holes cut in the back of his brother's shirt. It was something that took a moment to understand, even longer to get used to.
In the beginning Kelvin had kept his head down and tried in to fit in. Dade spoke little but was always looking about, observing the other workers. It made them uncomfortable that he was watching them.
Only Ben would smile and say “Hello Dade, hello Kelvin, good work you're doing there.” Kelvin warmed to him instantly, and slowly even Dade's cold scrutiny gave way. While they were never accepted by the commune, in Ben's own farming pod Dade and Kelvin were treated as part of the family.
They were harder workers than Julian had been and more trustworthy than the transient workers Ben sometimes hired. Ben had more or less adopted the boys and they had started to think of the pod as home, that was until Dade's powers as a User grew stronger and the commune forced them out.
In the two calendars since they left, Dade had grown strangely handsome. The bald head and large, crooked teeth had been grotesque on a child's face but in young-adulthood, his features had matured and taken on a sort of distinguished look. When he frowned, Dade's upturned nose and cleft lip made Ben feel as if he were being leered at, but it was unintentional.
“Ben I'm sorry,” Dade's voice still sounded like a child's.
“Dade, you should have sent for me. You know better than to come back here.” Ben held his head and prayed that no one in the town was hurt and nothing had been broken.
“Ben, we tried,” Dade whined. “They wouldn't talk to us because we're Users.”
“Dade,” Ben looked him in the eyes, “you could've sent for me, we'd have figured something out.”
“No,” Kelvin cut him off. He had been standing with his back to Ben so that Dade could speak. Now he spun around and found his face a little closer to Ben's than he had intended. “No, they remembered us, they weren't going to tell you at all.” It was the first he had spoken.
“Boys okay. I'm sorry.” Ben stepped forward and embraced them, “After we sort this out, I'll make sure you can always get ahold of me.” They looked bad.  The fight had really drained the both of them, “How're you Kelvin?”
“Hi Ben, I'm fine,” said Kelvin.  Ben remembered the incident on the day they had been forced to leave.  He hoped that the memory was not as clear for the rest of the farmers. He had sent them away, paid a trader to bring them safely to Tokyo2. If they were back it meant they'd been chased out of yet another place.
“I'm lucky you boys didn't give me a heart attack. Why in Hull did you lock them doors?”
“Ben I was trying to find you,” Dade shouted over Kelvin's shoulder, “The farmers were chasing us.”
Ben shook his head. Kelvin looked tired. Dade's powers were a drain on his brother's strength and the two looked to be on the verge of exhaustion.
“Boys, you hungry? There's a little somethin' left from breakfast. Come see Sun and Leanne."
Ben put his arm around Kelvin's shoulder and pretended not to hear the pounding on the pod-door as he led the boys through the field to the family hut. Very soon he would have to face the consequences of this visit. But the boys had fought hard to get here, they deserved their homecoming, however brief.

¤))

No Refuge

“This will come up at chamber meeting next month,” Sarah wore a tight-lipped frown and bedclothes, with her hair up for the night. She stood at the front of a group of six tired men carrying staves and shovels.
“They'll be gone by morning Hostess Sarah," Ben was blocking the door to his farming pod with his body. "I promise.”
“They're not permitted to be here now,” she spat.
“Then I'll take responsibility for them.”
“You are responsible regardless, Hostman Ben. This will already cost you your seat in the chamber. If you don't let us in, it will cost you much more."
The men behind her tensed but Ben stood firm. He looked at the small house in back of the field where his woman and daughter waited and Dade and Kelvin slept on a blanket on the floor. He turned back to the farmers in their bedclothes, all scowling in the direction of Ben's hut. He had the impression that their contempt was growing to include him and his family as well. For so long he had been a part of this commune, a leader and well respected. Even that could not outweigh the farmers' distrust of Users.
“Tell the farmers I'll handle it." Ben pulled himself up straight. "They can go to sleep.”
“You'll handle it now?” It was a question but the Hostess said like a command.
Ben looked back at his farmhouse. “Yes, I'll handle it now.”
“I'll return in one hour.” Hostess Sarah stomped off with her son following, shovel-in-hand. The rest of the mob dispersed, a few muttering low apologies to Ben when they thought no one could hear them. Ben nodded solemnly. It would take more than a little excitement to turn the community against him entirely, though his seat in the chamber was as good as gone. Just as well, Ben thought, he had never liked the responsibility anyhow. 
Ben turned and touched the door to close it behind him. The lights were dimmed now, although night was somewhat arbitrary on the station. The sun rose and set throughout the day as Atlas turned, while the station dimmed only once in a twenty-four-hour cycle and stayed that way through several rotations of Atlas. People tended to sleep with the lights of the station, while the plants in the farm pods followed the sun.
Ben liked the coolness of the soil, he slipped off his shoes and walked barefoot through the rows of soycorn, to the hut. The plants were small and bore less soycorn than last calendar. Without Dis around to make things more difficult, they had managed to dry out the field and save the rest of the crops from mold. Insects were still a problem and it was all the family could do to keep the remaining crop from being overrun. It would have been nice to have an extra pair of hands around for the coming season. Sun was still young, and Leanne, she worked as hard as he but the child was a handful and both parents were overworked.
Inside the small, one-room structure Ben saw Leanne and Sun asleep on the narrow bed against the wall.  He thought of how afraid he had been when they were in danger, gripping the hoe to his chest, ready to do whatever it took to keep his family safe. He set his jaw and walked over to the lump on the floor that was Dade and Kelvin, worn out, sleeping as if they had not for weeks. They looked like children also, barely young men.  He cleared his throat and nudged the boys with his bare foot, leaving a loamy footprint on the blankets. 
“Boys.” He cleared his throat. 
Kelvin grumbled and turned over. Dade, on Kelvin's back, was lofted from one side to the other but didn't so much as stir. He must be very tired, Ben thought. It touched something inside of him. The boys were like sons, though he had tried not to think that way since they had left. He steeled his nerve, took a deep breath. “Boys!” Ben nudged them with his foot. Kelvin smacked his lips and yawned. "One more minute, Ben. I'll get to work in a minute." 
“Boys!” He reached down and shook them awake.

¤))

Songs of Darkened Earth

"Lets see what's on the air."
Ben moved to the floor beside Dade and Kelvin and took a small, delicate box from a cabinet, placing it beside him. He dug in a loose patch of the hut's dirt floor and pulled up a tangle of red and green wires that led back into the station. Separating two familiar wires out of the bundle he touched them together to make a spark. Then Ben attached one of these to a small green wire protruding from the back of the box and the other to a small red wire on the other side. 
"Remember this thing?" he asked Kelvin.
"Yeah," Kelvin mumbled and wiped the sleep from his eyes, but remained lying down.
"What is it?" Ben asked.
"Radio."
"That's right. Remember what it does?"
"It talks?"
"It sings." 
Ben attached the second wire and the sweep of an orchestra rose from the speaker. Droning, exotic strings and brass wept through the static.  A computerized announcer came on and introduced the piece. 
*Abdel Halim Hafez conducts the orchestra with a charismatic flourish unmatched by modern performers. His voice is timeless...his words are profound..*
The language of the singer was unfamiliar but the haunting tones spoke of reverence and longing. Ben and Kelvin listened quietly. Dade shifted but didn't wake. The orchestra built while the singer dropped in and out, then rose again. The piece ended with a winding instrumental, a decrescendo of dull horns and low strings that echoed the singer's own tremulous confidence. 
When the announcer came on again it was to deliver the call sign:
*This is W.H.O.M. --- automated radio --- delivering songs of Earth-home to Atlas and beyond. Our last broadcast was seventy-seven thousand, six-hundred fifty-four days, eight hours and fifteen minutes ago. --- The next live broadcast is postponed until further notice. For now, enjoy the soulful songs of Mississippi John Hurt and Blind Lemon Jefferson in our Sweet Southern Blues Sunday Selection.*
Ben disconnected the wires and placed the radio back in the cabinet.
"When Julian found this it was in a collection with a few others."
Ben took down a smaller black box with a handset attached by a spiral cord. 
"This one's different, fragile but not so heavy. If you connect it to the small green and red wires --- not the white and black, mind, not blue, no other colors but green and red, then you can talk to me, if you set this dial to this number here, you can talk to my radio. Once every five days, just after nighttime, I'll listen for you and you can talk to me. In case you have trouble."
"Thank you Ben." Kelvin pulled the blanket over his head and started to doze off.
"Kelv," Ben shook him gently, "you have to go now. You can stay with Julian. I took him in a while back. He'll to do the same for you, though it might take some convincing, he just did me a big favor.”

¤))

A Picnic

Betrix and Nalisha sat on a small orange blanket beneath a tree in the park. Between them were a few ears of soycorn, a tub of cheeseplum pudding, imported rice pastries, a jar of water and a picnic basket.
"Is good for you, this being outside in the dome." Nalisha spoke in a thick Dutch-Russian accent. "Why this sour mood you are having today?"
"Outside is fine." Betrix didn't feel like talking.
"You know in Dutch-Russia we are having every day the promenade. And everyone even them they live in the Rhine, take walk in the park, and along the edge of the dome and look at the farmers and what they is growing and also in the parks where there are trees and grass like this, is very beautiful and social-like, good for your health you know?" Nalisha looked into Betrix's visor, but the compound lens of her Addware, made reading her facial expression difficult. 
"I don't need exercise." Betrix tapped her robotic hand against the biometal muscle of her shoulder. "They don't get tired." 
Nalisha sighed and picked up Betrix's uneaten ear of soycorn
"Yes, Addware." Nalisha was pensive a minute, "Is it that you don't want to be like this sitting in the long grasses?"
"Something like that." Betrix shifted and took a long drink of water.
"Is maybe that you do not want to be thinking of little malyutka Betrix in her daisy dress playing hide and go peep with the little farm boys in the green grasses?"
"Not exactly." Betrix scratched her head, tugged on her short, matted curls and lay on her back looking at the dome overhead. The leaves of the tree did little to obscure her Addware-enhanced vision.
"Because I imagine little Betrix and I think she is a sweetheart. But also tough little farm girl, even before all these Addware and frowns."
Betrix just grunted.
"Well neither is my business you know, it's just, only you are working for my people, and I am being in the charge, so I was thinking if you are not liking this in the park eating tradition we make then maybe we meet somewhere else next time."
"Okay."
"Okay we meet somewhere else or okay is fine this in the park and the fresh air and walking outside?"
"Somewhere else." Betrix remained on her back, looking at the sky.
"Okay. Then we choose another place. What if next I will be meeting you in cafeteria, you know the one we walk by on way here." She finished the ear and tossed it aside. "Now, I am needing those eyes and ears of yours, Miss Betrix. Are you comfortable with your new ears?"
"I'm used to new Addware."
"Okay, then you be looking out with that visor of yours, and I will pack up the food stuffs. If today the General dies like we think, then you need to be watching and listening, so I can go and get the thing we need. And when you bring our shooter his thing, you stay with him and make sure he does not get into trouble with it. So watch who he talks to, listen what he saying, do not let him alone. Understand? Now, watch close and pay attention to what happens next."
"That's what you pay me for. I don't need to be told." Betrix tossed her cup into the basket and climbed up into the tree where she could get a better view of the buildings in the park. Below, Nalisha packed the food and sealed up the water container, she folded the blanket and tucked it under her arm.
"Miss Betrix. Remember we do not hire you because you are good at taking directions. We hire you for your Addware only. If you are to keep working for us you must learn this being serious about your work okay."
"Don't I look serious?" Betrix frowned from the upper limbs of the tree.
"Is difficult to tell from down here. Now, he leave his building same time every day, I am going to go follow from his home, in case our man decide to kill him early today."
"Okay."
"Oh and Betrix."
"What?"
"Just be careful not to fall out of the tree and break your new Addware, okay?"

¤))

Introducing Sebastian Ward

Julian Reeves' wiry figure belied the heavy frame and strong arms and legs of someone who had worked very hard when he was very young. His worn, corduroy jacket and scratched glassed made Julian look tired, but his step had the bounce of optimism in it.
The young entrepreneur had used his unique education and the chance find of an old, moveable-type printing press, to found the station's first ever newspaper. His partners had offered him the editorship but he turned it down in favor of this more engaging position.
Even in private he carried himself with the easy confidence of someone who had found their place in life. Only occasionally as he walked the darkened corridor did his pace quicken and eyes leap around, scanning empty halls and neglected corners, sometimes peering over his shoulder as if he had heard footsteps. 
In the dead sectors of the Wilds with their endless off-white corridors and unfathomably-massive warehouses, where packs of wild dogs hunted the halls, Julian and his father had survived by scavenging canned foods, dry-goods and the treasures of a dead civilization. The safe places had already been picked over so it was in the deepest parts that Julian and his father had foraged, sleeping in hidden gaps, traveling through sewers and crawlspaces. When their frames were heavy with as much as they could carry, they would haul their boon through wastes, mazes and dens of beasts to trade in friendly outposts.
It was a hard life for anyone, let alone a child. But he grew up there, in the long, low-ceilinged halls and cavernous dusky warehouses that stretched into infinity and arched out of view along the curve of Atlas.
That life seemed like a dark fairytale now and the depths of the Wilds were another world. Julian had grown accustomed to the airy world of the domed city, but in the narrow halls of his apartment complex, his hair still stood on end and mange-flecked shadows seemed to always be hiding on the edge of his vision, disappearing around the corner as he turned his head. He still carried his father's stun baton on his belt and touched the weapon often, as if two rat-fed mongrels would leap from behind the moment he let his guard down.
It was unusual for civilians to carry weapons in the dome. While researching for stories Julian was always too enthralled with his own line of questioning to notice how the eyes of interviewees dwelled on the baton while he focused his full concentration on squinting just right and pursing his lips so as to give the impression of intense scrutiny, which he believed could make even the most hardened politician spill their story. More likely, the succession of odd facial expressions and accidental threats with the baton threw them off guard enough to say the wrong thing. Whatever the case, it worked, and being one of the few in the city who could write as well as read, certainly didn't hurt Julian's career.
He patted the baton as he rushed off to work, down the wider hall beyond his own, peering over his shoulder like a man pursued, trying his hardest to see that danger which might exist only because he willed it to. Julian was so intent on finding that prickle of mange in the shadows behind him that he failed to see a man whom few had ever missed.
“Watch out there!” someone yelled too late.
A cart handle jabbed into his ribs and the wind rushed from Julian's lungs. He was caught off-balance and went tumbling onto the cart. It seemed to be piled with sacks of dirty laundry and Julian landed soft, crumpled and wheezing with his face on someone's stained shirt. Before he could catch a breath, a deep growl erupted from the sack, and Julian, still gasping for air, flung himself from the cart and onto the floor. Unsheathing his baton, he spun and scrambled to face his attacker but what he found was more shocking than expected.
 Perched atop a shiny red, four-wheeled scooter were not three sacks of laundry but one large man. In fact, it was the largest human that Julian had ever seen. The man rubbed his growling stomach and grabbed the handle of the cart, gently twisting the accelerator to drive up alongside the confused reporter.
“Sebastian Ward.” The large man smiled and extended an overstuffed hand. Julian was propping himself with one hand, the other, tightly gripping his stun baton, was extended toward his assailant.	
Seconds passed. Wide-eyed Julian breathed heavily, holding the baton between he and Sebastian Ward, who waited patiently, smile unchanged, eyebrows raised in expectation.
Julian blinked, choked out a surprised introduction, “I'm Julian, umm...Julian Reeves.” Then, realizing his position, sheathed the baton and took Sebastian's outstretched hand. Sebastian, still sitting on the shiny cart pulled Julian to his feet.
“You know Mr. Reeves,” said Sebastian Ward, “one must really be careful in these halls, they can be quite treacherous if you're not looking where you are going.” In addition to being large, he was also much paler than Julian, who, like the Lexingtonians had bronze skin with deep brown hair that grew in tight curls. Sebastian's hair was straight and light and he wore it combed back, like a Dutch-Russian, though he spoke very differently. Very differently than anything Julian had heard before.
“Sorry," Julian apologized, "I was...distracted.” 
Julian was still doubled over, trying to catch his breath. He didn't know what the stranger meant about halls being treacherous, Lexington was the safest place he had ever lived, maybe the safest on Atlas.
“Well, no harm done my friend. Shall we walk? I was just heading out.” Sebastian had a very unusual way of speaking. It was more like the generic Rhine language that Julian had grown up speaking than the muddled Lexingtone spoken here in the dome, but the vowels were strange, the enunciation was sharper.
Sebastian had just come out of an apartment. They weren't far from Julian's own place and he wondered how long he had lived next to such a large, unusual man without noticing. Sebastian pressed the controls to close his door, and the two started down the corridor together.
“So Mr. Reeves, where were you going in such a hurry, if you'll permit my inquiry?”
“Oh. Work. The New Lexington Globe. I'm lead reporter there.” 
"You don't say? So you're the same Julian Reeves who writes for the paper?"
"I just said that."
"What an odd coincidence. I believe we were supposed to have an interview this morning at your newspaper offices. I had just given up waiting for you and here I return to my rented room to find you reside in the same wing of the same residential complex. Is that not incredibly fortuitous?"
"Did we have an interview?"
"Indeed, your friend Spanner arranged for it. But when I arrived this morning the door to the building was locked. I'm sure it's just some mix up about the time."
"That's probably what it was." Julian picked up his pace and Sebastian accelerated alongside.
"Well no harm done," said Sebastian. "I still have just enough time for a brief conversation, shall we go to your offices?"
"Actually it'll have to wait. I have another interview this morning, an important one." Julian did have another important interview, but probably would have skipped this one anyhow. Spanner's leads were not usually newsworthy. 
"I see, well the thing is I am set to leave for my home,Tokyo2 this very morning. I'm afraid this is the only time available."
"Sorry, I wish there was more I could do," Julian lied, "maybe I'll catch you next time you come this way. You're a trader right?"
"Ah so you did speak with Spanner. Yes, I don't know what he told you but I am a man of some means and have done a good deal of traveling. And to those places which I have not traveled, I have devoted a great deal of scholarly study. You'll find none with a greater wealth of knowledge than I. And I'd be happy to tell you some of what I've seen in my travels. Your Mr. Spanner thought it might be just the kind of informative piece to both entertain and enlighten the people of your little New Lexington."
"Yeah well," Julian shook his head at the notion of New Lexington being little. "Spanner, he's always trying to distract people from what's important. Listen it'll have to be some other time. I have to interview General Hewlett today, the election is soon and I'd like to get my office cleaned up before he gets there."
"Marvelous, then we'll make ours a short discussion." Nothing seemed to faze this man."You'll have your interview by the time we reach your offices. And perhaps I can be of some assistance in readying your workspace for this important rendezvous."
"It's a free city," said Julian, "walk if you want, but I have to get there before he does. Hewlett doesn't like to be kept waiting."
The two hurried through the market square, which was empty this time of morning. People were beginning to trickle out of the ancient towers of the city center and the ramps that led down into the residential complex.
Most of the people they passed were farmers heading to nearby agriculture pods or the edge of the dome where ancient residential lawns had been turned to farmland for the growing of cigarleaf and soycorn. 
"What a wonderful profession," said the Sebastian, still scooting along on the little red cart, "lead reporter, I'm sure it provides constant excitement. I've only been in town a short while but I did have the opportunity to read your last issue and I must say it is a first rate publication.”
“Thanks, but that's because it's the only publication.” Julian was very proud of his paper, but he knew success had more to do with lack of competition than quality of writing. But he did love compliments.
“That's true, it is a novel concept, rivaling those great presses of old,” said Sebastian. “But the stories also are fascinating. Last week's interview with the High Governor was quite revealing. Who knew someone with such reputation for guile could be so compassionate?”
"That was my piece,” said Julian, he was finally getting his wind back and walked faster, “hopefully the General will have something to say about it today. I think next week's election has the two worried."
“Well,” Sebastian chuckled and looked around as they passed a section of road that  ran through the center of one large tower beyond the market, “it must feel good to know you and the paper are making such an important contribution to the political process.”
"That's why I do this." Julian couldn't help sounding smug.
"Yes, I suppose an interview as trivial as mine holds little interest to the people of Lexington. Though it occurs to me," Sebastian tapped his chin, "that it might be of some  benefit for the people of the city to learn something of greater Atlas. Though I can't say I've been everywhere, I do possess a wealth of knowledge on many subjects."
"Any other time I'd interview you. Right now, there's a lot on my mind."
"Yes I suppose it's no good to keep pouring when the cup's overfull," Sebastian mused, surveying the city around him. Julian assumed Sebastian was quoting something that he had read. Julian wasn't going to be impressed that Sebastian had read books, he had read a few books himself. They passed through the early-morning downtown in silence and on toward the city park.
Julian wondered what the city would look like to someone from Tokyo2, though   Julian doubted that this man was Tokyo2an.  Tokyo2 was said to be much larger than Lexington and less ancient. Lexington was the oldest city on Atlas. Its once-white lights and walls were yellowed and the dome itself had become hazy and blurred. Many of the original buildings relied on technologies that no longer functioned and the towers had been abandoned for the residential complex built into the base of the dome. Some of the old, cylindrical buildings had been torn down and new, cruder structures were erected to accommodate the needs of the growing population.
The newspaper was a new structure in the middle of the park, which was unused and empty except for a few small farms and overgrown grass and trees.  Most people non-farmers were uncomfortable in the openness of the park but the newspaper's owners had chosen this location because it was in the center of the city and there was room to build-on as the paper grew. That was before the food shortages and talk of turning the entire park to farmland.
It occurred to Julian that he didn't know what this stranger was up to. Did he want something? Nobody just followed reporters around talking about themselves.
“Sebastian, what work brings you to New Lexington?”
“Ah yes, well,” Sebastian grinned and gestured beneath his gut at the metallic red scooter, “You see this fine machine? This is the Red Baron. I have a warehouse in Tokyo2 filled floor-to-ceiling with these beauties, and I'm here to relieve myself of some inventory.”
“So you came all the way to Lexington?”
“I came with an escort of course.”
“And you think there is a market for those here? No one here is so...so...”
“Grandiose in stature? Please Mr. Reeves, do not assume I ride the Red Baron because I'm unfit. I am a traveling man and it is a fine vehicle. Imagine the implications of such a device for trade alone. We could open the road between our two great cities, and together they would flourish. As for my stature, when one is traveling light one must rely on foods that are rich and nourishing, but without bulk so," here he reached into a bin in the front of the cart and opening a sack, retrieved a handful of white sugar, "much of my income goes to the Dutch-Russian sugar barons and the syrup merchants of Arco-Saudi. Sugars are dense you see," he stuffed the handful into his mouth, "and one can go far and wide with little need for resupply," he talked through the sticky mouthful. "The road to Dutch-Russia from Tokyo2 is safer and faster than the road to New Lexington, and while the voyage from Dutch/Russia to Arco-Saudi is perilous,” Sebastian coughed, “caravans of the syrup still make it through.”
"I...," Julian stammered, somewhat overwhelmed by the scale of trade on Atlas, but more so by Sebastian's cramming handfuls of raw sugar, "I didn't mean to say you were too big.”
"That's quite alright, not every society exhibits the level of tact as we who live in Tokyo2. Anyhow, the Red Baron as you see, draws its power from the station. It is one of the few vehicles on Atlas that still function, small though it may be. I'm sure you can understand the utility of such a marvelous discovery."
"Oh, I do, sure."
The town clock chimed the hour and broadcast a holographic time-stamp on the dome sky and the two paused to watch. The time was encircled by a talking snake that declared that within the next fifteen minutes one might save fifteen thousand dollars on their Helikon insurance. Then the serpent was devoured by a large holographic bird.
"I have noticed in reading your articles on the Congress," Sebastian mused, "that the words of that serpent are often invoked in heated debates and some lifelong New Lexingtonians speak of Helikon and Hull interchangeably. Quite strange to me, as an outsider."
"I'm not religious," said Julian, "and I don't really come from here."
"It's still quite strange to me. In my city, the great stories tell us that Helikon is the afterlife, a place where those who have died live on, if they are fortunate enough to earn such a privilege."
"Never really thought about it," said Julian.
"So you don't believe that Hull, the great protector, and Helikon the merchant of death are one and the same?"
"I'm not from here. I don't ask."
"Fascinating," Sebastian looked him with the same amusement as he'd watched the bird eat the serpent,"a man for the people, but not of the people. My own tale is similar."
"I don't think so." Julian could tell Sebastian wanted to swap stories, but all he wanted was to get to the interview on time.
They came out from under the trees of the park and into an open field.
"Ah, such space! To think most Rhine-dwellers shrink in fear from the open air." He sucked in through his nostrils. "I find it invigorating."
"It's okay."
Julian didn't share the average Rhine-dweller’s fear of open spaces. Rooms and corridors brought back childhood fears but the dome reminded him of the tall hangars and warehouses that had been his father's best scavenging places. It reminded him of his father's stories of the old New Lexington what it was like before his father had left the city for the Wilds.
"If you don't mind me asking," said Sebastian, "what will you interview the General about?"
"Oh I have my questions."
"Well, who do you support in the next election."
"I think Hewlett would do a better job as High Governor, but I don't approve of his military campaigns in the Rhine."
"I see. Of course you must be unbiased in your position."
"Right. Well. We're here." The newspaper was one the few new buildings. Only two stories tall, it was a modest start for mankind's first newspaper. The only other structure in the park was an abandoned arch-shaped building with the words “Pink Diamond Consulting, This Idea's a Gem!” painted on the side. The irrigators in the park had been raining on the arch for hundreds of calendars and it was badly deteriorated.
They passed under the arch and through the grass. When they reached the newspaper building Julian turned around and held his hand out.
"Well it was interesting, to meet you."
"Indeed, the pleasure was mine," Sebastian shook Julian's hand, though he made no move to leave. "And thank you for this brisk constitutional." 
Julian squinted, not quite sure he understood the meaning of the word. He made a point of asking whenever he heard a word he didn't know, but he wouldn't give Sebastian the satisfaction, or a reason to keep talking. 
"I hate to cut the interview short," he said.
"As do I Mr. Reeves." 
Julian waited for Sebastian to leave but he just sat there, on his cart. 
Julian opened the door behind him and backed in. "Goodbye," he said and shut the door, latching it.
He hurried through the first-floor hallway. Upstairs he passed between rows of desks toward his office at the back.
He brushed dust from the desk tops as he passed, imagining the day when there would be staff enough to fill them, like a ship with a full crew, and he, at the helm, would steer them through the storm. It reminded him of a book he and his father had found in an old mansion: stories by Joseph Conrad. There were hidden supplies there and they'd spent many pages of the calendar resting in the safety of the elegant home. It had been used for toilet-paper sometime long ago, but he had pieced it back together and read until the supplies ran out and they were forced to move on. Those were the happy times, but only now did he know how lucky he was to have books to read, and a father to teach him. It was what made him different from every other person on Atlas. Except maybe for the strange man he had met just now. Where had Sebastian learned...whatever it was that he claimed to know? 
"Wait!" Sebastian yelled from behind him. Julian turned to see Sebastian, breathing hard and leaning heavily against the railing. Sebastian pulled himself up the last of the stairs. When he reached top he leaned against the first desk and looked at Julian.
"I thought I locked the door," Julian said. Sebastian held up a finger.
"Just, whew, a moment," he breathed and pushed off of the desk, staggering toward Julian. Pausing halfway down the aisle, he braced one hand on his knee and bent over, putting the other hand to his mouth to stifle a burp, "My apologies, a slight, *urp,* gastronomical dissertation, no doubt due to the, *urp*  somewhat, *urp* agrarian diet, one finds in such, *belch* colloquial, um, provinces. *urp* Excuse me."
"What?" Julian didn't know what to say. 
"I'd almost forgotten," Sebastian paused to catch his breath, "to *urp* give you something."
"I really have to get to work."
"One last thing." Sebastian straightened up and walked the last few steps to where  Julian stood. This was the first he had seen Sebastian standing and was surprised at his height. Julian was a head taller than most Lexingtonians and Sebastian was the same. And twice as heavy, if not more. A large man indeed. 
"I took the liberty of making some corrections to the latest issue." Sebastian held out a newspaper, its margins crowded with handwritten edits. "I didn't want to leave without giving it to you."
"Oh." Julian took the paper. This had never happened before. He didn't know whether to be flattered or insulted. "Thanks for that, I'll look at it." Julian took the paper. The notes in the margins were longer than the articles themselves. "But I don't think any of the readers will really notice."
"Oh you don't believe so?"
"None of the people really spell. Isn't it the same in Tokyo2? Do people even know how to read there?"
"It would seem to be a lost art." If Sebastian was insulted he hid it well. "But then we don't have the benefit of this printing press of yours. I'd like to know a little more about it," he said, pushing past Julian and opening the door to his office. Julian protested but Sebastian seemed not to hear him, peering around until he was content there was no printing press hidden inside. He walked over to the window and opened the curtains.
"Can't interview the General in the dark now can you?" Again Julian started to speak but Sebastian kept talking. "Your partner, is it your manager, this Spanner, tells me that you found the printing press on a military expedition? You don't seem the type for martial service. If there was no newspaper at the time, and you weren't chasing a story, what was the cause for this collusion between yourself and the Lexington military?"
"I...didn't you have to leave this morning?"
"Indeed, but first slake my curiosity. Then I will truly have to hurry off, sorry that I won't have time to go over the edits with you in person." Sebastian settled into Julian's chair. He shifted around, turned to look out the window and slid the chair a little to the left. Julian was still standing in the doorway, shocked that Sebastian could just keep going like this. He thought to use his stun baton and drag the man outside, but decided it was easier just to tell him what he wanted.
"I, umm, was born in the Wilds, so.."
"You don't say, how fascinating, I should like to know how one with such humble beginnings came to be so literate."
"It's a long story, I don't really like to talk about it. What are you doing?" Sebastian had gotten up from Julian's swivel and swapped it with the short leather chair on the other side of desk. He adjusted Julian chair so that the adjustable seat was as high as it could go and perched on it looking over the desk and out the window.
"Much better," Sebastian nodded, "you should always be below your subject when performing an interview, it gives them a false feeling of superiority. And of course give your target, your subject, a clear shot, or...view, rather, through the window so as to distract and perhaps, catch them off guard. You did say it would be a challenging interview did you not?" Julian just stared, agog in disbelief. So Sebastian kept talking.
 "My apologies, do conclude your story then I shall be out of your hair, so to speak." Sebastian got up and moved around the desk to open the window. "Ahh much better." He sank into the short leather chair by the window. Julian just stood by the door, at a loss for words as Sebastian shifted and fidgeted and arranged items on his desk while he waited for Julian to continue. He paused and looked up and motioned for Julian to say something.
"I...before we started the paper I worked as a guide, for the General's military expeditions. I didn't like him chasing Rhine-folk out of their homes, even if they are criminals and hurt travelers, they're still people. But I could always read and write good so when we found the press I was glad to get out of that work. Umm, we found some investors, and built the office. I had to explain what a newspaper was. I used to read these books about detectives and...excuse me, what are you doing?" Sebastian was sniffing the contents of a flask he had found in one of Julian's desk drawers. 
"That is truly fascinating," he said, putting the lid back on the flask and returning it to the drawer. He got up and brushed himself off, sugar falling onto Julian's desk and notebooks. "I should like to see the contraption if I could, this printing press. Is it located in the building?"
"You should probably go. Hewlett'll be here any minute."
"Fantastic, I should like to meet the man."
"I don't think you would."
"I've heard that he can be somewhat gruff."
"Well, I'm hoping things will be just fine but it'll be easier if I can talk to him alone." Julian walked around the desk and took Sebastian by the arm, leading him out of the office, he closed the door. "So we really should wrap it up."
"A shame, I won't have time to go over any corrections with you."
"Where did you say you learned to read? You don't look like you're from Tokyo2?" Julian walked quickly toward the stairs as he asked questions so that Sebastian would have to follow if he wanted to keep talking about himself.
"Ah but I am, more or less, Tokyo2an. Though you are right to question where I learned to write Lexingtonian. We Tokyo2ans have our own language and alphabet you know. And I should say, while we do appreciate the small retinue of journalists that your organization has dispatched and the newspapers that occasionally survive the journey between our cities, I must confess they are not widely circulated. It would seem that the written language of New Lexington does not hold the same appeal to my people. If perhaps we had a press of our own, with our own characters represented." He puffed as he hurried down the stairs after Julian. When he reached the Red Baron at the bottom of the stairs, he took a moment to settle in and catch his breath. 
"But where did you learn to talk or, write so..." Julian hoped if he kept him talking Sebastian would hurry up. 
"Where did I learn to speak so well? And from whence do I inherit my grammatical prowess? That, Mr. Reeves is a conversation that would indeed take too long. Suffice it to say that my upbringing is an anachronistic one."
"A what?"
"A remnant from a bygone era. I received a formal education of sorts. You see my parents descend from a line of scholars."
"Where?" Julian tapped his foot and waited for Sebastian to stop arranging things in the bin of his cart and follow him down the hallway to the door.
"Oh Tokyo2, just as I've said, but though I'm from the city, I am not entirely of the city, if you understand. Mine is a lineage that dates back to before modernity."
"You mean before The Bomb."
"Yes, I've always found it strange that Lexingtonians and Rhine-folk refer to this Bomb although none of the stories detail exactly how the modern age began. Perhaps that would be a suitable topic for your journalistic pursuits, research into the origins of Atlas. Once you improve your grammar of course."
"No one really knows what happened. Can you hurry, please?"
"Perhaps you're just not asking the right people. In fact I'm surprised that someone who has experience in the deeper Wilds should take no interest in the origins of our great cities or the station herself." Finally Sebastian was ready and wheeled past him into the hall.
"Himself," Julian corrected Sebastian.
"See, you see Hull as a man, and I as a woman, there already the discrepancy between cultures. And over something so great as our own progenitor. Imagine what knowledge we could garner from humanity's multifarious histories. For example," Julian nudged Sebastian trying to get him to hurry to the door, but he seemed incapable," did you know that my people, the Tokyo2ans, claim to have migrated from earth? They even say that before The Bomb, as you so call that moment when existence as we know it began, that all  Tokyo2ans were like the Users, that they could communicate telepathically not only with Atlas but one another as well. 
At least this is the story that I was told. It is said that with The Bomb, or the Great Death of the Mind, as the Tokyo2ans call it, all the old Users perished along with the Euro-Domes, and that we are the descendents of those few who, for one reason or another, lacked that mental connection. They say the Users are the re-awakening of this ancient talent that was once so common."
"Well, everyone likes to talk," he opened the door and waved Sebastian outside," but stories are like noses, everyone has one. I have to fight every day to talk about what really matters. If you knew what went on in the Congress Hall, if you'd been to every meeting and seen how things are changing, you'd be more interested in politics than fairy tales."
"Oh Mr. Reeves, don't mistake me for a fool simply because I believe that language has the capacity to encompass greater things. Perhaps these legends don't directly affect our lives, but the significance of cultural history to current affairs should not be understated." He stopped and stared at Julian, waiting for a response. Julian wasn't sure either knew what they were arguing about.
Julian motioned again for Sebastian to leave. He grabbed his throttle and rolled outside. 
"Consider my mode of transportation, if the Red Baron does not inflame one's sense of possibility then I fear nothing shall. There is a far greater intelligence than we in this universe Mr. Reeves, religious man or no, you cannot deny the Baron." At this point, Sebastian's daisy-chain logic had started to unravel and he seemed to be talking just to waste more of Julian's time. The General could show up any second.
"Look," Julian said, "this has been, really...interesting, but I have to meet Hewlett. I'm glad you like the paper and I'll take a look at your edits sometime. But Spanner doesn't get how the General works, so I'm sorry he scheduled you right now. If you're still here when he shows up, well, it won't be good. Hewlett's not a patient man."
"It would seem there is a dearth of patience in these times." Sebastian drew out his words, as if to suck up just a little more time.
"Right. Goodbye." Julian shut the door.
He locked it, again, and stood staring to make sure the man didn't try to get back in. Hadn't Julian locked the door the first time? He was about to turn and head back to his office when there was a knock.
"I told you I just don't have time." Julian opened the door he found himself staring into the robotic Addware eyeball of General Zachary E. Hewlett.
“Hull ya' mean no time?” said the General, his cycloptean implant adjusting to focus on Julian. “Come for my interview.” He spoke in that thick Lexingtonian dialect that Julian had never gotten accustomed to.
“General,” Julian quickly changed his tone, “it's a pleasure. You're, uh, you're early, please come in.” 
“Eight minutes late, change up my schedule, jus' a precaution,” said the General. “can't be too careful Julian, they're out ta' get me y'know.”
“I didn't. Who is out to get you?” Julian noticed four black-armored soldiers behind the General.
"Enemies of mine. What High Governor's supporters, want me dead, that's the rumor.”
“Can I quote you on that?”
“Quote-you 'ever, just write my words straight. I'm not afraid, get that right. Rather fight it out the open than hide a cockroach under the High Governor's boot, hear?”
"I hear you, come inside." Two of the soldiers entered first and checked the structure. Julian led the General upstairs and into the office. Two soldiers took up posts at the top of the stairs. The other two stood just outside the door. The General frowned at the tall, uncomfortable chair but sat in it anyhow. Julian closed the window that Sebastian had opened and sat in the small leather chair behind the desk. He looked up at the General who glared down at him.
Julian pulled a notebook from his desk and began writing as the General spoke. There was no need to ask questions, the General couldn't hold his tongue if the election depended on it. He would threaten Julian later, rather than censor himself now.
"No, they'd rather I's dead. An folks say it ain't right ta' have Addware, but I said, soon as I seen that bugger in the Rhine with this thing nailed ta' his face, I said boys, rip 'er outta him and jam an' jam 'er in me. You writin' this down? Was I scared? Ne're more scared in my life. But I knew it was tha' right ting ta' do. Gen'ral got ta' see the field-o-battle clear, y'know, all's to it." 
The big scandal, which Julian felt was a distraction from the real issues, was the General's recent decision to have a robotic implant installed. Addware was banned in New Lexington, partly out of custom, and partly because nobody knew how it worked. It often had terrible side effects. Another reason Addware was banned was the gruesome installation process. 
"And I don't consider myself an Adder, I still say it's good ta' have restrictions on importing Tokyo2's dirty Addware to here. An' I say discourage, understand, New Lexington boy' and girls from doin' what I do. I say do what I say. But, commander's a need to see, so I give my eyes up fer one good fer the city, understand? No more ta' that, so don't ask." He huffed and grunted and changed the subject. 
Julian couldn't help being impressed with the General's bearing, but he maintained his furrowed brow and appearance of intense scrutiny as he looked up at the General from the tiny leather chair. He wasn't about to change tactics just because Sebastian had moved some furniture around. 
The General kept talking, but Julian's thoughts wandered from the interview. Looking about the room he thought that when he was owner he would add a balcony to the window behind him, maybe expand his office into the room next door. Someday Kate, his friend and manager, and Spanner, if Spanner ever spoke to him again, when they had saved enough they would pool their money and buy the antique printing press and newspaper building from their investors. Then Julian would have complete creative control.
Between posturing and mentally renovating his office, Julian had forgotten to take notes for a while. When the appropriate time arose he managed to ask a few more hard questions about the Congress's criticism of the General's military campaign in the Rhine. The General's statement was that while some good men had been lost, halls that had once been too dangerous to travel were now safe. Every hallway in the Rhine had been barricaded and stationed with guardsmen so that anyone passing the city would have no choice but to come through the dome and be counted. Julian had personally assisted with this. In exchange for the General's interviews, Julian used his Wilds-knowledge to identify weak points in the Generals barricade, assuring that every duct and doorway, chute and crawlspace, was welded shut. There would be no uncivilized Rhine-people sneaking about outside of Lexington. 
The General added that the city was now trading with hard-to-reach Wilds outposts and Rhine colonies were again under Lexington Control. In the damaged halls to the west, work crews were unsealing centuries-old storerooms of untold wealth. Julian pressed the General about the Istanbul Connector, a largely unknown link to the Wilds, and what secret campaigns were going on there, but the General wouldn't go on record about that particularly bloody campaign, from years ago where Julian had been the guide. He told Julian that if he wanted to do more interviews like this he had best keep what he knew about the Istanbul Connector to himself. 
What Julian could print would be scandalous enough and potentially damaging to either Hewlett or Hewlett's opponent the High Governor, depending on how it was to be interpreted. It would make for a good article, but some of it would have to be left out. It was difficult to tell if the General was lying about his opponent wanting him dead or if he was suffering from the sort of paranoia that is endemic to political office. 
Julian managed to get the gist of it all in his notes. Somehow he would parse the slander and speculation turning the mad General's ramblings into a coherent article.

¤))

Meanwhile

Sebastian hurried away from Julian's office. He found what he felt was a tall stand of trees and managed to hoist himself up not just once but twice, into the middle branches of the tree. He stepped farther out, holding the branch overhead with both hands. He could see into the window from here but not well enough. There was a snap and the branch beneath him fell. The overhead branch flexed and deposited him neatly back on solid ground, unharmed.
"This won't do,” he said to himself, astounded not to have been maimed or brutally disfigured, “Atlas never intended for men to climb. There must be another way.”
Sebastian released the branch and it whipped back into the air. He climbed onto the Baron and searched for an alternative. At the edge of the park was the arch-shaped building with Pink Diamond Consulting advertised on the side. The door to the arch stood open. Holes in the walls and ceiling illuminated the inside. 
A flight of stairs led to single corridor in the top of the arch. The higher he went the less substantial the walls and floor became. As Sebastian neared the top of the arch he found whole sections of building had fallen away and he had to press himself against the wall and edge around large unstable areas. Peering out of these holes he could clearly see the window of the building, but the angle wasn't right, he would have to go just a little farther. At the top of the arch, the floor had fallen away entirely. Sebastian got down on his stomach and inched forward until he was peering over the edge. The angle was right. The window was farther than he would have liked. It would be a difficult shot, but well within his capabilities. The arch was far enough away that he could be out of the building and away from the park before anyone was the wiser. Sebastian pulled his weapon from his belt and took aim.
...
Meanwhile in Julian's office, the General was wrapping up his monologue. 
“Should ought-be leaving now,” said the General, “a thanks, Julian, for the publicity. Y'know if ya' ever want ta come back, we could forget all about that little, trouble you caused back in tha' day. Could use someone with yer skills in tha' soldiery, what with somethin' we're doin' in tha' Wilds now."
"Sorry," Julian said, "not interested." The General knew better than to bring up Julian's time in the soldiery, but he was on a roll after his speech. 
"Had ta' ask. This is on the front page tomorrow morning you say?”
“Sure thing,” Julian answered, “but I have a few more questions. You still haven't told me what your platform is.”
“Son, my platform don't...hold on a sec,” the General's face went flat, the lens of his Addware eye rotated and telescoped outward.  He was looking at something far-off out the window behind Julian.
As Julian turned to see what it was, the window shattered. He felt the tip of his nose get white hot and gasped in surprise and the vaporized flesh went into his lungs sending him into a coughing spasm. He spat and tried to catch his breath, doubled over in his chair.
Suddenly, there were hands on Julian's back. “I'm alright,” he tried to say, then knuckles struck the back of his head. Someone grabbed him by the hair and slammed his face into his desk smearing the blood from his nose over his notebooks.
Knuckles again on his head, Julian's sight flashing red, black needles creeping in on the edges of his vision. Without knowing why he was being attacked, without thinking, Julian's hand went to his belt. He pulled the stun baton from its holster and, face still being ground into the desktop, he twisted his arm back and stunned his attackers with the baton.
He immediately recalled the walk to work, the long hall, shadows in the corners, Julian could see himself looking over his shoulder, hand on the baton.  He remembered thumbing the handle, dialing the power to maximum, enough to kill a man. 
He raised his head from the desk. The black-armored soldiers lay on the ground beside him, dead. In the chair opposite, sat the General. There was a hole where his face should have been and a circle of blood on the wall behind. The door opened and two more guards came through. Julian squared his jaw, and rose from the small chair. With his thumb dialed down the power on the stun baton. His eyes darted to the soldiers on the floor, both carrying guns. There weren't enough guns in Lexington for all four to be carrying.
He was right. The two remaining guards drew long, curved blades of milled hullmetal and crept forward together, cautious of a man who had already killed three.
 He dodged the blades like he had as a boy, holding his ground and countering while his attackers were off-balance. One touch from the baton was enough to stun the first soldier. The second was faster and more skilled with a blade, but she didn't understand the baton and allowed it to touch her blade. When Julian's baton struck the blade of the second guard she yelped and dropped it but sprung backward before he could reach her. She tripped over the dead General and scrambled out of the office. Unarmed, she turned and ran for the staircase. Julian let her go.
"You should go after her." The voice came from behind him. "Is not good to be leaving witnesses."
Julian jumped, startled, and spun around to find a tall, white-skinned woman with long dark hair and Dutch-Russian features. She was leaning over the General's faceless body, making a careful incision with a stiletto knife, just behind the ear. Julian took a step forward brandishing the stun-baton .
"I seen two more soldiers in the park, not far from here," She looked up for a second, before turning her attention back to her work. "Tsk-tsk, we are lucky shooting or we would be all this, doing for nothing."  She certainly sounded like a Dutch-Russian.
Julian took another step but stopped when he saw what she was doing. The woman pulled the cut open with the tip of the blade and fished inside with her forefinger, removing an object too small and bloody for Julian to make out what it was. She wrapped the object it in a cloth and stuffed it in her pocket. For a moment Julian's curiosity outweighed prudence. "What is it?" he asked.
"You know what is sad is I did a little bit like the General." She hopped over the desk and backed to the open window. "But when a man is good at taking things, sometimes the rules for him changes, you know which I am saying?"
Julian started toward her, he couldn't let the person who'd killed Hewlett get away.
"Run Mr. Reporter, they almost here," she grabbed the sash and rolled backward, out of the second floor window.
Julian scrambled over the desk and stuck his head out the window. The woman was nowhere in sight but in the distance he could hear shouting. From beyond the dilapidated arch, through the trees at the edge of the park there came the glimmer of sunlight reflecting off of red chrome. Was it Sebastian? Had he seen something? Julian considered leaping out the window, maybe he could catch up with the assassin. But he was out of shape. He turned and ran for the stairs.

¤))



Complications

It was shaping up to be a lovely day. In the open park Sebastian could really pin the throttle, and test the handling of the Red Baron. Tearing grass and spraying dirt behind it, the scooter performed admirably. Off-roading was a rare treat for Sebastian and although he was in no end of hurry he soaked up every moment of it. He filled his lungs with the smell of crushed grass and new leaves, admiring how the green was mirrored in the chrome of the handlebars. Leaves rustled as he whooshed by, sticks crunched under broad rubber tires. Then as abruptly as it had begun the reverie was over and Sebastian was on the metal and pavement sidewalks of downtown New Lexington. With firm ground underfoot, he sped toward his chambers.
Now that his work was finished, Sebastian had only to wait for the rendezvous and leave the city. He maneuvered through the doorway and into his small apartment, dismounted, straightened his legs, stretched his palms toward the ceiling and eased his weight into a small aluminum chair by the kitchen table.
Once he was relaxed he lifted his white shirt and removed the two leather holsters he wore beneath his gut, laying each out along the back of the plastic table.
Sebastian's large, pudgy hands slid each pistol lovingly from its snap-secured pouch.  The Samsony Palmlazr was a good long range weapon. It was the size of a large pistol with a scope attached. It was the one he had just fired. The Palmlazr recharged from an internal chemical battery which, if used infrequently would last for calendars. The only downside was that it took nearly thirty seconds to energize before firing and five minutes to recharge between bursts. 
The second gun was a Smith and Wesson 29 revolver with four .44 caliber bullets. There had been two boxes the first time Sebastian fired the .44.  Not until he had shot through both boxes and was staring at an empty chamber did Sebastian realize how rare and important the ammunition was.  It seemed that no matter how careful he was and how hard he tried to conserve, the moment always arose when Sebastian was forced to use the weapon and expend another precious round. He had even had the unbelievable fortune of finding a half empty box in an old museum display but even that boon did not last. One by one he fired them away. It pained him like nothing else. Each time he fired the .44, there was the rush, the absolute bliss of once again being one with his sidearm. Then the euphoria faded and the inevitable loss crept in. 
Now, like a lost explorer measuring his rations, Sebastian counted and recounted his ammunition, removing each of the four bullets, tumbling them across his fingers, turning each in front of his small, sharp eyes. He knew every dimple, every tarnish of that ancient patina. He polished each one and put the bullets back into the chambers, sighed and stared into the two empty chambers.
Then someone rapped on the door.
“Coming," he yelled, and swept his Palmlazr and holsters off the table and into the bin of the Red Baron. The revolver he shoved into his waistline.
Sebastian pressed the button that unlocked the door. It clanked open and a bewildered and panting Julian Reeves ran inside and hid around the corner.
“Shut the door,” he hissed.
“Mr. Reeves, what are you doing in my apartment?”
“Shut the door,” he demanded again.
“There," he shut it, "we are alone. Mr. Reeves, Your nose is bleeding. You look terrible. Why would you think to come here?”
“I'm sorry,” Julian slumped into the metal chair and straightened his glasses, “I'm in trouble. I just need to hide here for a minute and think.”
“Whatever is the matter?”
"You didn't see anyone in the park after you left. A Dutch-Russian woman? White, dark hair."
"No," here Sebastian didn't have to fake his confusion, he really had no idea what Julian was talking about, "There was no Dutch-Russian woman with me." This statement had come out wrong, so Sebastian turned the focus back to Julain. "Mr. Reeves why have you come to my home, whatever is the matter with you?"
“General Hewlett is dead.”
“Oh my, you can't be serious,” Sebastian did his best to appear shocked, “what  happened?”
“He was shot."
"No."
"It was an energy weapon through the window of my office. soldiers thought I did it, came after me. I...I think I killed two of them.”
“You think?”
“No, I killed them. But it was an accident. I didn't shoot him. The shot came through the window and hit his Addware, it, it was a real mess, that's all I know. Then they came in and started hitting me and, well it was an accident, I didn't mean to kill those two. It wasn't me. I don't know how to prove it. You believe me, right? What can I do?”
“Did anyone witness this?” said Sebastian.
“I was the first one at work. There were two soldiers outside the door. I stunned one of them and ran here. Now they're after me. Sebastian I know Hewlett's soldiers. They love that man. If they see him, like that, I won't get a chance to tell my side of the story.”
“You left witnesses?” Sebastian shouted, “And came here?”
“No it's not like that. It was an accident, the first two.”
"Why did you even think to come here. You don't know me from Atlas. Go to your own domicile."
"You said you were leaving town. I thought it would be empty. I just need to wait somewhere until they stop looking for me. A few days, then I can get some help, or turn myself in to the High Governor's or the Lexington Guard, but Hewlett's soldiers want revenge. I know them."
"Sheer, nonsense, Mr. Reeves, you live in a just society." Sebastian didn't believe his own words but he needed Julian to leave before his escort arrived.
"You don't know how they feel about him. And what if the High Governor's behind it. Whoever hired her would kill me in a second to cover up something like this. I just need to find the woman who did it. It should be easy, she's the only Dutch-Russian in the city aside from you."
"I told you Julian I am not Dutch-Russian, but descend from a long line of, wait, excuse me you said a Dutch-Russian woman killed him? What did she look like?"
"I don't know. She looked...how they all look, taller, black hair, kind of pale, she had a strange knife."
"A long, narrow knife with an embellished hilt?"
"Yes! You know her? Who is she?"
"Allow me a moment please." Sebastian lumbered to the Red Baron and heaved himself into the seat. He put his head against the cold metal of the handlebars and rubbed the bridge of his nose.  His contact could show up any minute. He had to get rid of Julian quickly.
“You can't stay here Mr. Reeves, I'm sorry. My business associate is on her way at this moment and I do not want her to find me harboring a criminal. Besides, my apartment is just down the way from yours, it can't be safe for you. Don't you have some, other acquaintances who can be of more service than myself?”
“I can't go outside, they'll be looking for me. What do you know about this woman?”
“I've seen her in passing, wandering about your great city is all. Mr. Reeves, unless you intend to hold me hostage I have to ask you to leave my apartment. I am very sorry but I have important business which will not wait. And as for this woman, you said it yourself, shouldn't be too difficult to find someone like her in a city like this. Now am I to be your prisoner?”
“I'm not a criminal,” Julian scowled and got up from the chair.
“Of course you're not,” Sebastian grinned, “I'll just check the hall and make sure your way is clear. I suggest you seek the aide of your friend Spanner and hide out until he and the guardsmen catch this shooter and clear your name." Sebastian flicked the throttle, motored to the door and was about to go into the hall, but Sebastian's escort stood blocking the door. Her threadbare Tokyo2an clothing and thin traveling shawl did little to hide the Addware that covered most of her body.
"Miss Betrix, this really is not the time."
"You got him," she said "Right through the head. And I got you this."
She held out her hand. Inside was the small, metal object that had been removed from General Hewlett. He reached out to take it but she pulled her hand away.
“Please Miss Betrix,” Sebastian hushed her and peered over his shoulder. Julian wasn't behind him, he must have hidden in the bedroom when Sebastian opened the door. “This really isn't the time.” 
"I was just saying good job Sebastian. I don't know if I could'a done it. I've killed boys in the kickboxing ring, but never on purpose."
"Well that is precisely why they entrusted me with the task, and I thank you for my payment, but this really isn't the time, can you leave and come back after I've packed my things." Sebastian snatched the chip from her hand.
"You know you almost fried it. You were supposed to aim for the chest."
"Well I didn't hit it. If that reporter hadn't closed the window..."
"I'm supposed to remind you it's a loan."
"Yes, just as it was on loan to him."
"The General didn't return it. That's why I'm supposed to watch you until we get it back." Sebastian winced and hoped Julian wasn't listening too closely from his hiding place.
"Is that what they told you Miss Betrix? Tell me, who exactly do you answer to, not the clan directly I should think?"
"I'm not supposed to talk to you. My job's to make sure you did your job."
"And so you have."
"Yep. Now I'm supposed to help you do whatever you're gonna do with the chip and get it back, safe and sound."
"Indeed," Sebastian looked behind him, Julian was still hidden in the other room. "And I am in quite a hurry to leave. Shall we go before the guard has," here he whispered, "learned of the General's passing and blocked our exit."
"That's not the plan. We're going to lay low here until things quiet down. I have to get my things from my room. I'll be back in five minutes," said Betrix, flexing her Addware muscles, "Wait here Sam, just relax." Almost nobody called him Sam. There was nowhere she could have learned that name...unless she wasn't working for who she said. Sebastian's eyes widened for just a second, but he reigned in his surprise. As shocking as this revelation was, it was less pressing than the liability hiding in the bedroom behind him.
"Wait here? There's simply no time. I fear for caution's sake we must go now," Sebastian tried to follow her into the hall, but the door slid shut and Betrix was gone.
Sebastian heard movement in the room behind him, Julian had sprung from his hiding place and was coming up quickly from behind. He hit the door controls and wrung the accelerator screeching out into the hall, but before he could turn or reach for the revolver he felt a sharp pinch on the back of his neck. Sebastian lost consciousness. The Red Baron slammed into a wall and came to a stop. He lay slumped over the handlebars.

¤))

No Time

When Sebastian came-to he was on the floor, sitting upright against the wall. Julian was across the kitchen in the aluminum chair. The Palmlazr was on the table along with a stack of Lexington dollars and two bags containing Sebastian's possessions.
“Julian,” he began cautiously, “there is an explanation for everything, I assure you.” He remembered the revolver in his belt. Four bullets. Only as a last resort would he surrender one of those precious bullets that gave his .44 its value.
“Why are you really here?” Julian began the interrogation, scrunching his face up for maximum effect. Sebastian looked unimpressed. 
“I am engaged in a grand pursuit,” was Sebastian's answer, “my intentions are honest, I assure you.”Julian wanted to write this down. He reached to his back pocket but the notebook had fallen out in the scuffle in the office.
“So you murdered the General, for this?” Julian opened his hand to reveal the small bloody chip that the Dutch-Russian woman had cut from the General and the Add-wearer had delivered. He flipped it over in his palm, looking at the markings on the outside.
“I did what was necessary to retrieve that implant. I am a gunfighter, true, and a marksman, but I am not proud to act as an assassin. If you knew what rested on that chip you would understand my position.” 
Sebastian searched Julian's face for a sign of understanding or sympathy. Julian was squinting his eyes and squishing his mouth into an unnatural-looking pout. Finally Julian spoke.
“His Addware magnified the blast, there was nothing left. What did he do to deserve that.”
“While I'm somewhat informed on Lexington politics and could guess at the motives behind it, I honestly don't know why I was hired, Mr. Reeves and I do not make a habit of playing assassin. I only accepted this task to accomplish a much more important goal.”
“What is so important about this?” Julian walked over to him, holding the chip beneath his nose, the dried blood flaking off in his palm. Sebastian's hand crept back to the handle of the revolver, still unknown to Julian.
“That implant is a key, Mr. Reeves, to many things. In the wrong hands it is very dangerous.”
“But you're not dangerous? You just murdered a man.”
“You only recently murdered two I'll remind you. Would you have me as your third? I only did what I had to do to acquire that chip. I assure you if there was another avenue I would have pursued it.”
“If it's so valuable, why did they give it to you?”
"I had thought it was because they don't understand its true value. But that was when I  thought I working for the clans of Tokyo2. If the Dutch-Russian women you saw is who I believe she is, then I can only guess that they have given it to me because they want to see what I will do with it, or because they want to take advantage of me in the future. Honestly if I had known that woman was involved I would never have made such a bargain.”
"Who is she?"
"Nalisha, no surname, an agent of the movement to liberate the Dutch-Russian colonies, an organization which has long ago abandoned its lofty ideals in favor of profiteering?"
"What organization?"
"Well, they don't have a name, and it would take far too long for me to explain to one who is unfamiliar with regional politics, suffice it to say it is imperative that we leave before my escort, the girl with the Addware returns. In light of this revelation, that she is in league with Nalisha's organization I should like to put as much Hull as possible between she and I. How long was I unconscious? She could be back any moment. Surely you don't think I mean to flee with her, I assure you it was an act Julian."
Julian walked back to the chair and sat down, turning the small metal object in his hand, inspecting it carefully. Sebastian let go of the pistol in his belt. There must be a way to get out of this situation without firing it. Without looking up from the chip, Julian spoke.
"What does it do?"
"It opens doors," said Sebastian.
"Doors?"
"More precisely, it allows doors to be opened. How do you think the General was able to launch such far-reaching military campaigns, when none before him have been able?"
Julian didn't answer.
"The General was able to bring more soldiers to more places, more quickly than any General before him."
"But that was because of the Users," Julian said, "and the cutting torches, I was a guide on one of his early expeditions, they wouldn't let me write about it in the paper but he used Users to open new routes through the Rhine." 
"Indeed, the General was able to keep his own people in the dark about the reach of his expeditions. New Lexington is not trusting of Users and so it was Tokyo2 and Dutch-Russia whose Users he enlisted in the service of his ambition. That chip was part of a new deal between the Governor and the Black Crescent clan of Tokyo2. It allowed his Users far greater access than ever before. And if he had held up his end of the bargain they would not have taken it back."
"So the High Governor wasn't the one who ordered the assassination?" Julian seemed a little relieved at this, "This isn't about my city, this is about Tokyo2?"
"I only know that the Black Crescent clan of Tokyo2 brokered the terms of my employment. They could have retrieved the device without killing him. It is likely that someone else wished the General dead and the Black Crescent was happy to assist and get their chip back in the process, just as I was eager to work for them, if it meant borrowing the chip for a while. If they knew what I know about the device, they would not have lent it to a man like me, but as I said, they don't know its true potential."
"That still doesn't explain how it works. Users can already open doors with no controls, what does this thing do? And talk faster. There's no time."
"You are the one who is stalling. There are some doors, Mr. Reeves, that do not want to be opened. The Addware in your hand allows a User to open such doors."
Julian looked confused. He sat and stared at his hand.
"But Hewlett wasn't a User" Julian said, looking up.
"You're not the idiot I took you for Julian. No, General Zachary E. Hewlett was no User, but just as he was willing to augment his body with Addware vision, something frowned upon in your culture, to improve his ability to lead, so was he willing to use his own body to hold onto the advantage that this key gave him."
"What?"
"Well," Sebastian sighed, "I should think it would be clear enough, but perhaps you are not as sharp as I'd imagined, you do have quite the mind for a Lexingtonian, but you lack the hair for abstract thought."
"What did he do with it? Quit overtalking!"
"He stored it, Mr. Reeves, in his body, for safekeeping."
"And, what did it do?"
"Nothing."
"What do you mean?" Julian yelled.
"Inside a non-user the chip is useless. He would cut it from his body and put it into that of a User, then when they had performed the required task, he carefully removed and reinserted it into himself. But the terms of his loan had expired and the General refused to return it to the Black Crescent. My payment, which they were hesitant to agree upon, was that I be allowed to borrow said Addware for a time, under the condition that I remain under the supervision of Miss Betrix for the duration, but seeing that she is in collusion with my old associate Nalisha, I may have to change our agreement. Nalisha and her people are either working for the Black Crescent clan or trying to steal the chip out from under them. And I am to be the patsy. I have no intention of letting her know my motives, and certainly no intention of letting that metal-bound whelp of an Adder follow on my heels. Now I'll ask again, what say the two of us flee together? I'll have to leave quickly if I want to evade that one."
"You're not gonna be doing anything. I have to turn you in," Julian pulled the chair closer and sat across from Sebastian.
"Is that so? Aren't you forgetting the murders that you committed only minutes ago?"
“The Congress will find the truth when I turn you in."
Sebastian smiled and pulled himself up so he was sitting straight backed against the wall. He felt the cold of the revolver in his waistline.
“Oh Mr. Reeves, I'm sorry but I feel you are being very short sighted. I'm sorry that you are a marked man because of me. That was never my intention. I'm also sorry that I cannot help restore you, neither through my action nor through your bringing me to justice. I know you like to pretend that this land is a democracy and that you have freedoms and rights here, but I know from your own writings that the High Governor and the new Congress think differently. And suppose the High Governor did help to foot the bill for this murder, do you really believe the guilty party would allow their own assassin to be tried and captured?”
“No, I think they would kill you to save face.” 
“You, Mr. Reeves, would be shot down while resisting arrest and I, your hostage, would be freed and given safe passage home. You are a thorn in the High Governor's side already. Despite your moral objections to Hewlett's action, you favor your old employer in your writing. Now not only does the High Governor have cause to shutter your dissident paper, but by killing those men you have made yourself into the perfect scapegoat. Mr. Reeves your future is very bleak indeed.”
“No no no,” Julian stood again and started pacing, “ there's a way. I'm going to fix this, and you're going to help me."
“I can. I'm not lying when I say that I am sorry Julian, and because I regret what harm I have caused to befall you, I am going to offer the best that I can. I will bring you safely out of the city if you do not betray me to the authorities. This is your only option, and there is no time left here.”
“No, you, you're going to...”
“Julian, there is no time left in this place. We have to go.”
“You just killed the General of the New Lexington.”
“If it had not been me, it would have been someone else. But the chip is more important.”
“Why,” Julian held up the chip and shoved it in Sebastian's face again, “what is so important about this chip. What are you going to do with it?” Julian's shirt was torn open and stained with blood, it was matted in his hair and smeared on his glasses. His right ear had three notches cut from it, as if it had been bitten, but looking closer Sebastian saw that this was an old wound. Was there more to this lanky reporter than he realized? Could Julian replace his Addwear addled escort? Sebastian wondered if maybe he had underestimated this man, he resisted the urge to reach for the revolver.
“You want to know don't you? Ever the reporter.” Sebastian smiled and closed his eyes. “The answer will not help you, but I can. Will you come with me, right now and flee the city? I can't help you here, but I will help you flee the city, I owe you that much. Julian. There are not many educated men in these dark ages, less so with your inquisitive nature and zeal for the written word. It would be a shame for such a light to be snuffed out prematurely."
“And why,” Julian sat back down, “would I ever trust you?”
“Because you already know it to be true. I've read your articles, though naive, I think you know this city's politics as well as anyone. New Lexington's old dreams have been supplanted by the ambitions of powerful men and women.”
Julian perched on the chair and unconsciously drew his knees up to his chest, his breathing was becoming more rapid.
“I don't know,” Julian said, becoming paler and resting his forehead on his knees, “It is...not good.  Not good politics, no." Was he having a panic attack?
“Mr. Reeves, you don't look well, please, let me help you. We must get out of the city or you, maybe the both of us are dead men.”
“And when we get out, then what?” Julian looked up.
“Then,” Sebastian paused, “then you may go your own way, or if you wish, you may accompany me to Tokyo2. Your paper has a branch there do they not? And there, beyond the reach of the High Governor, with the help of your friends at the paper, you may plead your case from afar. But we really must go, Betrix could return any second. For all I know she could return with her Dutch-Russian accomplice and that would be the end for both of us. We are fortunate she is so un-punctual.”
They sat for several long minutes in silence, Sebastian leaned the back of his head against the metal wall, the cold steel of the gun in his waistline giving him focus. Julian was frozen with indecision, breathing heavily between his knees, sweat beading on his forehead.
Finally Julian got his breathing under control, he uncurled from his perch and stood, looking resolute but still very pale.
“I don't care about this Hull-suffering chip,” Julian extended a large bony hand, "but you're right. I'm dead if I stay here. And the gate will be guarded so I can't get out of the city alone. But maybe...if you still have a gun.”
“We'll shoot our way out! Magnificent!” Sebastian cheered. He grabbed Julian's hand and struggled to his feet, “You have my word, I will guide you to safety. ”
They returned Sebastian's things to the bin of the Red Baron and inspected the cart. There was nothing serious but Sebastian took a few moments to come to terms with a large scratch on the front. The hall outside was quiet and they hurried to Julian's apartment. Sebastian kept watch while Julian gathered his most important belongings.
There were many things Julian didn't want to leave behind, but in the end he decided to pack light, settling on a duffel bag, one change of clothing, a pocket knife, a razor, a stack of Lexington dollars, not much but it was all he had in the apartment. 
Julian also packed his father's break-action shotgun with five shells, which he retrieved from under his mattress. Guns weren't allowed in the city. They were also extremely rare. He had only fired it once before. 
He grabbed a sack of soycorn, a jar of water, two loaves of bread and two cans of beans. He looked around for more food but there wasn't much, the apartments had no refrigeration and two-hundred-calendar-old canned food was a limited resource, very expensive. Then he stepped back into the hall and found Sebastian was gone. He cursed. He shouldn't have let him out of sight.
Just then, Sebastian and the Red Baron rounded the corner, at full speed. Close on his heels were six black-armored soldiers. Sebastian paused briefly in front of Julian. 
“Surely you didn't think I would leave you." he said as the soldiers closed in, "I was merely checking...”
“Run,” Julian yelled and took off down the hallway.
Sebastian hurried after him, guards in pursuit. Their flight took them away from the city, and down through the Dome base toward the Rhine.
The main ramp was the fastest way to the gates. It spiraled downward to the Rhine and was wide enough to accommodate ten men walking shoulder-to-shoulder.
The Lexington Guard had been rallied and were waiting for them at the gates. Six of the Lexington Guard, peace officers who answered to the High Governor, and six of the General's soldiers blocked their way. One was armed with a pistol, the rest carried long blades of sharpened hullmetal. Julian saw the guard with the pistol push her way to the front of the pack. He raised his father's shotgun and fired. The guard went limp and the soldier behind her fell to the floor, hands holding his neck. Julian's ears rang from the gunshot. The rest of the guardsmen and soldiers charged, too many to take down all at once.
"This way," Sebastian turned down a hallway, Julian followed. Their pursuers were second behind them. They ran though a doorway and down another hall. Julian hit the controls and the hatch slammed shut. They were running down a hall lined with doors, similar to the one outside of Julian's apartment. They ducked inside one and waited until the soldiers ran past.
"What now?" Julian panted.
"Now we cut back," said Sebastian, " we have one chance to get back to gates while they're unguarded." They dashed back they way they had come. One of the soldiers had stayed behind to watch the gate. Sebastian drew his Palmlazr so the weapon could power up in time. The soldier was alone at the gate, nervously gripping the pistol he had picked up from his dead comrade. The Red Baron screeched as Sebastian rounded the corner and charged toward him, full throttle, eyes on the pistol that would soon be in his possession.  He raised his Palmlazr and was about to fire when the Guardsman dropped his weapon and raised his hands above his head.
"Well, I can't shoot you unarmed. Out of our way, he waved the Palmlazr." 
"Lookout, he's a User" Julian yelled.  Sebastian had hadn't noticed the robotic security arm mounted on the ceiling spring to life and swivel around to fix its energy weapon on him. The thing usually hung limp and useless, except to a User.
"He's a User!" Julian yelled again.
There was a one-second high-pitched scream as the massive arm charged its laser.  Sebastian threw himself from the Red Baron but not fast enough. The blast nearly missed, nicking Sebastian's shoulder. The Palmlazr fell from his hand and skidded across the floor. Sebastian hit the ground hard and with no small effort managed to throw himself behind the Red Baron. Sebastian closed his eyes, a tear rolled down his cheek. He knew this would happen again, sooner or later, but he never thought the moment would be so soon. 
There was no other way. He felt the handle of his 44 millimeter.  It felt warm now, tucked under his gut. He drew the weapon. It felt almost alive in his hands as he leaned around the body of the Red Baron and squinted at the robotic arm. The laser hummed and pivoted to target Sebastian's forehead. Sebastian heard the whisper-click of the .44's hammer, felt the kickback like a lover's kiss. It rolled down his arm into his body and a momentary warmth, welled inside of him. 
He remembered the face of a woman, the pistol spinning in her hand and returning to the holster on her confident hip. Sebastian smiled, more tears welled in his small, predatory eyes, but he wiped them away. The bullet shattered the lens of the laser, the arm spat electricity and swung limp, knocking the User to the ground. Before the User could reach his pistol Julian's boot was in his face. The User curled into a ball and covered his head. He was out of the way.
Sebastian tucked the .44 back into his waistline rather than use the holster. The gun was hot, still awake it seemed, after so long without firing. He retrieved his Palmlazr and holstered it, climbed back onto the Red Baron and went to the gate controls. Julian grabbed the guard's pistol and shoved it into his belt.
The heavy metal doors were rarely closed, except in situations like this. The controls were manual and there was no lock, though the gate could only be controlled from the inside. Sebastian hit the button and the gate made a loud clanging sound but didn't move.  The button flashed red. He tried it again. Nothing.
"There's no lock on the gate." Julian said.
"Well it isn't working."
"It should open?"
"Clearly Mr. Reeves, something is the matter. Now think for a moment."
"Maybe the User." The User was still lying on the floor, covering his head.
"No, look." Sebastian pointed. In one corner of the hall was a bulky welding apparatus, one of the things Hewlett's soldiers had brought back from the Wilds, along with their cutting torches. A small piece of metal had been tacked across the place where the two sides of the gate came together. 
Julian ran over and tugged on the metal. It wouldn't budge.
"Shoot it off." Julian pointed at the metal strap.
"And waste precious ammunition. Absolutely not."
"Fine." Julian pulled out the gun he had taken from the User, fumbled with it for a minute then got it to fire. The bullet ricocheted off of the door, whizzing by his ear and skittering down the hall behind them.
"It's not good. Try your gun."
"Absolutely not. It won't do any good."
"Just do it." Julian pointed the pistol at Sebastian.
"This is futile."
"Just do it." Julian shouted, he shook the gun up and down in front of Sebastian's face. He could hear the guardsmen returning.
"Is there not another gate."
"Nobody uses that gate, it goes the wrong way. I'm not afraid to shoot you Sebastian, just shoot the door."
"These bullets are precious to me, Mr Reeves. Now take me to the other gate. Or would you rather the Lexington Guard arrived to see you murder me." The noises were coming closer. Julian scowled and put the gun away. He turned and ran down another hallway. Sebastian followed after him.
"This won't work."
"I'm optimistic Julian."
A little farther down they came to another gate, like the first.
"Hah, see it is unguarded." Sebastian pressed the controls and the gate slowly opened.
"This gate only goes west."
"No worries, we shall cut back after we have put some ground between us and our pursuers.
Sebastian hurried out into the Rhine. Julian followed, though he knew something Sebastian didn't. Julian had worked with the military to make sure even the tiniest crawlspace was barricaded, dividing the Rhine on either side of New Lexington. For all the hundred hallways and passages of the Rhine, the only way to pass by New Lexington was to enter the city and exit through the other gate. He would have to think. His instincts told him to hurry deeper into the station, to find a small-dark space and to hide there. His mind told him to stop and think. Sebastian urged along, not fully aware of their predicament. 
“We cannot afford to stop just yet, they will be thorough in their search. We must cover ground.”
“I just need to think, that's all,” Julian shook his head, he was jogging down the main corridor alongside Sebastian. They kept moving west. It was an arbitrary designation meaning counterclockwise through the Rhine, away from New Lexington and toward what once had been Istanbul.

¤))

Childhood Dreaming

Sitting against a wall, with his knees drawn up beside his ears and his head covered by his hands was how Julian thought in situations like this. It was how he had spent many nights as a child, huddled listening to packs of dogs tear up and down the corridors of the farthest Wilds. And now, on the outskirts of the New Lexington farming pods, in the graphite bleakness of an empty warehouse just off the main corridor, Julian instinctively resumed the posture, and squeezing his eyes shut tightly, strove to grasp the implications of the previous morning's events. It was early the following day, they had been running for a long time since fleeing the city.
Sebastian broke his concentration, 
“The General's supporters will be rabid with anger. Do not think they won't search every hall in the Rhine. If you're going to fall apart, you had better do it quickly because when we move, which will be very soon, we should not stop again for quite a while. In fact, this little interlude is very inadvisable. I would not have consented if you had not been so insistent. I will warn you, I do not value your company so highly as to allow frequent rest stops to appease your nerves, Mr. Reeves. I may not be the picture of health, but the Red Baron never tires."
Julian heaved a sigh and glanced at Sebastian who was spread-eagle upon the floor, talking to a corner of the ceiling. He'd explained the barricade to Sebastian, who seemed to take it all in stride. "Ingenious," Sebastian had said, over and again as Julian explained the thorough process by which he and the soldiers had welded heavy metal plates and bars over ducts and doorways and sealed off even the wider main hall so completely as to block off passage through the entire Rhine. Far from distressed, Sebastian seemed entertained and not at all discouraged by the revelation, though his requests that they keep moving grew in urgency.
 A soft glow emanated from the ceiling in this room, like many other rooms on Atlas, brighter during the day and dim at nighttime. They couldn't be turned on or off manually except by some Users. It was daytime now, but the passage outside this room was completely dark. Like most parts of the Rhine the halls here were unlit and abandoned.
In the city, they sometimes used salvaged portable lights which drew power from the station in the same way that Sebastian's Red Baron never needed re-charging.  In other areas a few old mechanics survived whose rough understanding of electrical systems was enough to tie into the station's wiring and install new, manually controlled lighting.  But that was the city, here there was no use for these empty passages.
Sebastian spoke some more, "And I hear the Lexington Soldiery have been on deployment in the Rhine quite often of late. They know this area better than either of us."
“You just assume I want to go with you Sebastian. I still haven't decided what is best, and until I do I'm not moving.” 
He put his head back between his knees and weighed his options. Could he go back? He wondered.  He hadn't killed the General, but no one knew that. Then there were the dead guards, there was the flight from the city and the shootout there, and the new cutthroat politics of the High Governor. And the soldiers loved their General, no chance of his suspected killer living long enough for a fair trial. No, Sebastian was right, he couldn't go back. 
He would have to go somewhere else, move to another city, where no one knew him. But he had struggled enough in to New Lexington where he spoke the language, now would he learn Tokyo2an? And worst of all, they were on the wrong side of Lexington, there would be no moving east through the Rhine. The only other way was the Istanbul Connector, down into second ring of the station, the Wilds. And once he was there would he be able to leave again? It would be all too easy to fall into the old ways. And then there was the connector. Julian had sworn never go through the Istanbul Connector again. Even now, with no other option, he refused to believe it would come to that. He couldn't imagine going back there.
“No need to think,” Sebastian interrupted again. Without sitting up he reached into his pack and retrieved two plastic jars. “I always plan three steps ahead, and I can assure you there needn't be any hesitation on your part." 
He placed both jars on his chest and opened them, scooped two fingers-worth of peanut butter and stuffed it in his mouth. Not stopping to swallow, he kept talking as he worked the peanut butter down.
"You can't go back," Sebastian smacked, "you can hide here and ponder your entire life and a working solution will not appear because there is none, not by your own efforts.  But why stagnate in hiding, come with me and keep in motion. Trust me to set things right." Dipping his fingers with a flourish, Sebastian produced another dollop of creamy peanut butter."
"I'm getting out of the sales business Mr. Reeves and I've big plans that will secure both our futures. I owe you that much at least." He dipped the peanut butter into the second jar and it came out dripping with soycorn syrup that splattered his neck and face when he shoved it in his mouth. Sebastian noticed that Julian wasn't watching his display, he nudged him with the wrist of his syrupy hand. "Would you like some?" 
Julian only groaned.
Sebastian swallowed and sucked his fingers clean.
“You're not getting out of sales,” Julian mumbled from between his knees. "There's no warehouse of anything back in Tokyo2. You don't sell anything."
“I sell services on occasion. I try to think of the bigger picture, my quest...”
“What kind of plans could you have to help me?”
“Well, I plan to sleep for approximately ten minutes then wake, wash the syrup from our hair and travel to Tokyo2, from whence it is my intention to launch an expedition to the very heart of Atlas where the chip you carry is the key to great, untouched regions of untold wealth. I had intended to rely upon Miss Betrix's strength to take me there, directly from New Lexington, but now that I know her true loyalties, I cannot allow her nor Nalisha to learn of my intentions. With your Wilds-craft, you would be an invaluable addition to my party. There are riches to be had Julian, and seeing as your are presently unemployed..."
"I don't care about money, and I don't want anything to do with you." Julain closed his eyes and tried to focus on the situation.
"Well," Sebastian seemed to be considering how much he wanted to reveal, "this isn't about money Mr. Reeves, money is for the soulless. Despite your opinion of me, I am a man of principles. I would never kill for money alone."
Even with his life falling apart around him, Julian had to laugh at this man. "You're mad he said, still holding his head between his knees, "that's it, you're just crazy."
"Think what you will, but I a man of principle. I will not bare my soul to a stranger, but I ask that you trust what I say Julian, that I do what I do not for myself but for love. I ask you to take me at my word, that mine is a greater and worthier purpose."
Julian laughed, almost hyperventilating out of nervousness, but more from the absurdity of it all. It went on until his sides hurt and he ran out of breath. When it subsided he sniffed wiped his eyes on his shirtsleeves and pressed his head more tightly between his knees, an impossible position for anyone who hadn't spent half of their childhood crammed into crawlspaces and hidey-holes.
“It doesn't matter anyway," he said finally, we'll never get to Tokyo2. Hewlett secured the whole Rhine. No one passes New Lexington without going through the city.”
“Ah, but there is another way," Sebastian raised a, syrup-covered finger into the air, triumphantly, "The Istanbul Connector.”
“Istanbul is gone.” Julian knew that the connector was still there, but had no intention of ever going back to that place.
“But the connector remains. Most do not know of its existence, but I assure you that one can indeed reach the Wilds by way of Istanbul. It will be no short journey, but I can get you safely to Tokyo2, and if at any time you decide to slip into the Wilds and disappear, you are free to do so, I will not fault you for yielding to your primal instincts.”
“I'll never go back to the Wilds.”
“And you won't have to, not deep anyway.” Sebastian propped himself up so he could look Julian in the eye, “we shall stick to the colonies and skirt the edge of the Wilds  What could be safer?”
There was nothing safe about the edge of Wilds  The colonies near the connectors were full of hungry, desperate people who resented Lexingtonians. Those under Lexington control would have soldiers who might be looking for Julian. And the deeper colonies were made up of age-old tribes, unfriendly to outsiders and endlessly feuding with one another.
In the Wilds, it was best to avoid people altogether. And then there were the dogs, station-apes and myriad other creatures that roamed those halls. But none of these things concerned Julian. It was the Istanbul Connector that frightened Julian. Just the idea of going back to the place where his father had died made Julian's hair stand on end, made him want to crawl into the darkest sewer on Atlas and never come out. He would sooner face the soldiers' vigilantism than go back to that place. But Sebastian didn't need to know any of these things.
Still, Julian knew Sebastian was right. It was dangerous but unless they wanted to shoot through another patrol of guardsmen or spend the rest of their lives hiding in the hundred miles of passages between Lexington and Istanbul then there was no other choice.
A part of him was starting to feel like a cornered animal, but Julian pushed that to the back of his mind. He knew that desperate thoughts led to desperate actions and that the wild-man's fear would override his civilized mind if he let it. He told himself that there was no better option. They had gone the wrong direction and there was no turning around. The part of Julian that still jumped at shadows was reeling, still desperately hoping for another way. He pushed it deeper, outwardly calm, he noticed Sebastian had been saying something, he nodded like he had been listening.
Sebastian rested his head on the cold floor and was silent, his breathing became low and rhythmic, he slept heavily. Julian said nothing. He kept his head between his knees covered by his hands. Slowly he too drifted asleep. 
He dreamed of rust and feces, scurrying station-rats, desperate hungry men, outposts, apes leaping from shadow to shadow, retreating into the hoary distance of infinite sewers. His father was traveling with him, his strong hand, reassuring on young Julian's shoulder. Farther down the tunnel they discovered a shiny red cart with chrome handlebars buried under ape dung. Father placed Julian in the plastic bin on the front and climbed aboard, it was large and they made their home there on the cart with a table, roof and windows. Father driving, Julian walking the perimeter of the glittering red island, nudging rats and apes with the heel of his shoe when they tried to climb aboard. They splashed back into the fetid water of the sewer. “Good one,” Father shouted. 
“Where are we going?” Julian asked. “Are we going to New Lexington?” 
“No son, no, we are going somewhere else.” 
“Why?" asked Julian in the dream” 
“I had a dream a while back,” said his father, singing now, “that it was yesterday.” Horns rang from both ends of the tunnel. Vines crept in from the seams in the metal walls, vines like the ones that filled the dreaded Istanbul Connector where his father had died. For a moment there was the flash of yellow fur in his periphery but he refused to look that way. “Now yesterday has come and gone," his father sang, for a moment it wasn't his father but old Ben, singing one of the 'sweet southern blues' songs from the radio that Julian had given him, "yesterday come and gone, and that dream just won't go away.”
In the distance, stars appeared and Julian, looking closer, saw they weren't stars at all but the lights of a city at nighttime, far off at the end of the tunnel. People moving in the city were smeared head-to-toe in red-black petrogrease and naked, except for length of black cable, tied to their wrists and ankles, attached at the other end to large household appliances that they dragged about the city. Julian knew these people and they frightened him. 
When Julian turned back, Ben had changed. In the chair was a large, yellow cat, the size of a man licking blood from its paw, the words of the song came from its throat. It seemed to notice Julian for the first time and rose from the chair, taking a step toward him Julian. The singing came from inside its belly. Julian knew the beast was full and wouldn't eat him. It brushed up a against him, all that was left of old Ben. Julian stroked the animal's fur, mouthing the words of the song.
"I had a dream a while back," The animal said, as it purred.
He looked up and the city was on fire, smoke filled the dome, choking out the life inside. Just then the cat brushed up against him harder, catching him off balance, Julian fell over the edge and into the sewer, jolting himself awake. He was still sitting with his head between his knees.
Julian opened his eyes and raised his head. His back was sore. Sebastian was packing his things back into the plastic bin of the Red Baron.
Julian noticed the glow of the light in the room had changed. 
"How long were we asleep?"
“We must get off the main corridor,” said Sebastian, “they could have overtaken us already.”
Julian got up quickly and grabbed his things. Sebastian mounted the Baron and they hurried out, both knowing they had slept too long. The soldiers had easily enough time to set an ambush ahead.
Taking a side tunnel, they were quickly off the main passage. Finding a direct path away from the city was difficult and many times the halls they were following dead-ended or turned back on themselves, but even the main passage occasionally doubled back or ended abruptly. If they were being pursued, they no longer had the advantage of their head start. Soon the patrols would extend even to these side tunnels. Sebastian insisted that even though they had lost the way more than once, he now recognized the area, and suggested they take a short cut to gain some ground.

¤))

Betrix

Betrix paced the inside of Julian's apartment, scrutinizing its contents, trying to assemble a mental image of the owner. Betrix should have seen him enter the newspaper building with Sebastian but she had been preoccupied with using her Addware eyes to look into the windows of the distant towers. After the General arrived and Sebastian made his move, Betrix's powerful eyes had seen Julian's silhouette through the wall of the building. Nalisha had seen his shape while Nalisha climbed inside to cut the chip from the general, but that was all. 
She knew that he was tall. She had to stand on tiptoe to reach the kitchen shelves but they were piled high with everyday plates and dishes and the pants she found in the closet came up to her ribcage when she held them up to her body. She tossed these on the floor and paced from room to room. The padded metal of her bare feet scraped lightly on the synthetic wooden floor of the bedroom. Small fixtures lit each room. A day had passed since that fat assassin gave her the slip. 
Nalisha didn't know about it yet. Betrix had looked for her all over town but the woman was gone. She had said that she would talk with Betrix at their next meeting. That wasn't until tomorrow. Why had Nalisha told her to give Sebastian the chip? Why hadn't Betrix held onto it a little longer.
She would have chased Sebastian down as soon as she discovered he was missing but the city gates were still heavily guarded. She would have to wait until they were open again. Until then she intended to learn everything she could about the man Sebastian had run off with. Like Nalisha had said, a hunter had to be smart. It had struck her as odd to be called a hunter when really, her job was only to babysit Sebastian. Had Nalisha expected him to run off all along?
 Using her hearing Addware, she had been able to listen in on the soldiers' conversations and she knew the two had fled together, Sebastian and this reporter. Why he'd run away from her, she didn't know, but maybe Julian's apartment held some clues. If she was going to find them, she had better learn a little about the man. The soldiers had been here once already looking for Julian. They could be back anytime, but for now, it was hers to explore.
The leftovers in the kitchen were burnt. Busy man, scatterbrained, Betrix thought, scraping a spoonful from of the pot. Tastes like...she spat the soymeal back into the pan. It tasted like station-rat. Betrix frowned, she had never been much of a cook, but rat...this man was from the Rhine, someplace far from any agriculture pods. Dropping the spoon on the floor, she hopped back into the bedroom and walked up to a dresser. 
"So many," she whispered to herself. There were three boxes of eyeglasses inside. It was not uncommon for those who needed them to stockpile glasses. Pairs were sometimes collected and handed down from generation to generation. The right strength could be worth a good deal to the right person.  But these were all the same strength, all for the same person. She wondered if glasses would have fixed her eyes back when she needed them. Someplace inside her brain itched when she thought about the nervespike.
Betrix scratched at her temple, the Addware visor was permanently affixed to her head. Probes driven into her eyes and temples linked the apparatus to her brain and the skin of her face had fused around the edges so that like most Addware, it had become a part of the wearer. 
For a while now, the many faceted visor which could see through dark or smoke or sometimes walls, which could read infrared and ultraviolet had been her only eyes. She tossed the glasses back into the drawer. 
“So many.” How many did you take with you when you ran Mr. Cautious? Betrix made a mental note to confiscate the glasses when she found him. Keep him from running. She slipped into the bathroom. It was small, but with running water and a toilet, a working toilet. There's a luxury, can't pass that up. Betrix made sure to use the toilet and sink while it was free.
Where does it go? she wondered as she watched it swirl away, picturing distant domes and hallways, lost cities all with toilets feeding into one great conduit, going somewhere. In the farming pod where she was born, Betrix and her father had put it on their fields. The thought swirled away too, and Betrix spun around. Now to check rest of the bathroom. It was not untidy, she noted, not clean either. A thick film of dirt and mildew over the sink and shower and in the corners of the floor told the same as the kitchen. You're not from this city. They were cleaner here. But you learned to fit-in, she thought, remembering his wardrobe. Lexingtonians dressed like their flesh was a secret nobody should see.
Betrix reached over the sink and opened the medicine cabinet. It's full! No-sleeps, coughing syrup. A man with connections. Do you use all this or are you just stockpiling like with the glasses, Mr. Cautious? Too many empty bottles in the trash for that. Can you be reckless too? Maybe just a nip for myself. She took a swig of coughing syrup. There were wake-up inhalers behind the no-sleeps and coughing syrup. These would help to keep her alert. She used one of them too. She could feel her cheeks were flushed. Stupid girl, you took too many. 
She shut the light off and went back to the bedroom. There was a broken watch on the nightstand. Small wrists. Shoes under the bed. Big feet. Tall and skinny. She flopped onto the bed. The room lurched. Betrix felt sick. She had taken too many puffs from the wake-up inhalers. She had to keep looking. Betrix stared at the ceiling. The room was spinning just a little. From the look of  the place, I'll bet I'm the first girl to ever lie here. 
Though there's not much woman left of me, she thought, running aluminum knuckles against the biometal weave of her thigh. Still, I have a little flesh left. Betrix pulled the covers over her head. The room was still clear to her piercing Addware eyes. Big hands, tall, hair...what color was his hair? She turned over and tore through the pillows. More than one pillow, you're getting soft country boy. She found a brown hair, dark and six or seven inches long, curly. There wasn't any woman's hair on the pillows. No luck with the ladies Mr. Busy? 
"Sad," she said to herself. If things had happened differently, if I were sent for something different, and we met one day, and were laying here together. I'd say..."Where did you get those posters?" and you'd say... Betrix's brow wrinkled as she focused her visor on the blueprints hanging on the wall. They were old, very old, and printed on some kind of paper, hanging over the dresser. They were images of sections of Atlas, with paths and annotations drawn on them. Betrix's amazing eyes could see even the tiniest letters clearly. This would have been helpful if she could read. There were five of these maps hanging on the wall with a gap in the middle. One was missing, torn down in haste. Where did you get those? "In the Wilds," you'd say that. That's where you're from. Explains the rat. You wrote all over them too. What else could she learn here, she would keep looking in just a moment.
But his bed was so inviting and it had been such a long while, she on the road and so weary with business. Now with the room moving around whenever she tried to focus, the bed felt especially nice. Took too many. I'll just stay in your bed a moment longer. She turned off her visor and twisted in the covers, breathing in the smell from his pillow, she was still warm from the wake-up inhaler. Have to get up. She turned over in his sheets. In a moment, sweet Hull. She would finish in a moment.
Rap, rap, rap, the sound of knuckles on metal. 
"Hull dammit," she said aloud. Someone's at the door.
Kicking free of the tangle of sheets and stumbling to the door, Betrix made last moment additions to her list: tie on the floor, leather belt, briefs, a baseball bat in the corner, she had missed that earlier. At the entrance to the apartment, she peered with her enhanced vision, through the thin metal of the door. She saw a silhouette, too short to be her mark, stocky, male, carrying a large bag, with something on its back. Her sensor showed that he was hot, not flushed in the face like she was, from Julian's wake-up inhalers and coughing syrup, but hot all over, like a fast metabolism, like the kickboxers she used to fight back in the arena.
"Something's not right," the shape said to itself, in a voice high and muffled. Through the door she heard it say: "Get out of here, now."
"Are you sure?" it said to itself, in a deeper voice, "we just got here."
"We'll find Julian later, just go, quick, something's wrong in there."
His name! The shape turned and walked away quickly. There was a little catch in its step, a limp.
It had said his name, so Betrix punched the door controls and leaped into the hall. In three superhuman bounds she had overtaken the figure. Faster than it could turn to face her she struck it in the head. It spun around and Betrix struck again in the chest, she could see now it was a young man, almost a boy, strong and solid. He raised his hands and let out a cry. Betrix had to keep him quiet, her Add-muscles fired a swift whip-kick to the sweet spot near the base of the skull. That kick had taken down countless champions in the ring and, stocky as he was, this boy was no different. He crumpled to the floor.
Betrix hoisted his twisted body onto her shoulder. He was Tokyo2an, pale with   slighter features, and aside from being out of place in New Lexington, he was like any other Tokyo2 farm pod boy except...the backpack he wore had slipped off a little, it seemed to be hiding some large deformity, which accounted for the unusual walk. Shame about the hump, he's almost cute, for a youngin. But the lump started moving. Muffled sounds came from the backpack.
Does he have a cat in there? She would get him back in the room and see. She wished it would be quiet. She peered around to make sure no neighbors were in the hall.
Just as she reached the door, the backpack burst open. A wild impish face glared out at her with dark, beady eyes. 
"You put us down," it whined.
Betrix startled and dropped her burden just outside the door. You're a professional, she scolded herself, keep it together. She bent to grab him by the feet, ignoring the child shouting from his backpack. It seemed to be stuck in the backpack, stuck to his back. She would deal with it inside the apartment.
"Kelv, Kelv are you alright?" It called out, then it turned its gaze on her. "You hurt my brother, girly." A tiny finger wagged at her.
"Be quiet," she tugged them toward the doorway. They seemed to be attached together. It looked her over searchingly and she shivered. It spoke again.
"You don't have any eyes do you?" There was a hint of a smile in the voice, and a small note of sympathy.
"Will you be quiet."
"You don't have any hands either." It was taunting her. She ignored the voice and gave another tug, but the body felt heavy in her arms.
"You don't have any arms or legs, they're all Addware."
"Shut up." She tugged again. Why was he so heavy all of a sudden. She slumped to her knees. There was a giggle from the child on the boy's back.
"I can see right into your Addware," it said.
"Shut up," It must have been the coughing syrup mixed with the wake-ups. Had she taken some no-sleeps too? She felt dizzy.
"Do you know what I am girlie?"
"Shut up!" Weaker now, she fell backward into the apartment. The boy's body lay out in the hall.
"If I can feel your Addware, I can talk to it just like I talk to Atlas." His high voice made her head ache.
"You're a User?" She grunted, why was it so hard to sit back up.
"Didn't think that I could do this did you?"
"What?" It dawned on her that her weakness wasn't from the coughing syrup, even when her natural body tired, her Addware had never become sluggish. Somehow this child, the mutant, whatever it was, was also a User. But she had never heard of Users  affecting Addware. 
The combination of things from Julian's medicine cabinet was making her head fuzzy. "Users can't...do..." she started but the thought wasn't fully formed.
"I couldn't, until now. I get better at it all the time."
"W...what?"
"Your Addware talks to me girlie just like Atlas. I can turn you off like a switch." Something clicked inside, and it all gave out, the Addware muscles, the hand and leg augmentations, she was flat on her back. Her own weak human muscle strained against the stiff biometal weave. She felt the him, the thing, was watching her as she struggled on the floor.
"She's kind of pretty Kelv," it spoke in that high whiny voice, "Kelv wake up are you okay?"
"Shut up," she lurched upward, it took all her strength but her real muscles responded, and she was sitting. The thing smiled back at her, they were both on the ground, on either side of the door. She was afraid.
"Those sparkle glasses you got," it chuckled, "I can sense them too." There was a blinding light, and then darkness. The visor that could see in the dark, in smoke, that could see through walls and doorways, pulsed once in a brilliance of prismatic color, then shut down. 
"Bye bye." Betrix heard the automatic door hiss shut. With all her strength, she forced her legs to bend and pulled her feet into the room just as the door slammed down where they had been. An anger rose up in Betrix. She roared. Long neglected muscles screamed out but she pushed fatigue down, lurched upward and smacked the controls, there was a beep but the door stayed closed. The user had done something to lock it. Raging now, she reached again, threw herself toward the portal and her body slammed into the door controls. 
*Beep.* 
The door didn't open.
She considered grabbing a kitchen knife and attacking the door, or the controls, but that would be foolish. Her fingers were too stiff anyhow, she could barely hold the thing, certainly couldn't hack her way outside. Betrix slumped to the floor again. She could hear them through the door.
"Kelv, Kelv, wake up we have to go."
"Uhn, wha? Are you okay Dade?"
"It took a lot." The small one coughed. It sounded sick now, still whiny. "We're safe now but we have to go. Please. Get up Kelv."
Betrix heard them rise and struggle off down the hall. She listened as their dragging footsteps faded away.  It seemed her hearing implants still worked. She sat and listened, turning them all the way up. Rats gnawed in the floor below, people walked on the city streets overhead. Nothing moved in the hall outside. Alone in the dark and weak without her Addware muscles, Betrix's atrophied human muscle screamed fatigue. Is that what it is? My own muscles. Is there anything left of me?
She crawled, her stiff, robotic hands dragging her into the bedroom. She tried to climb into Julian's bed, but failing, pulled the blanket down on top of her and squirmed under the bed frame She twisting around between the floor and mattress until she was rolled up in the heavy sheet.
Touche Mr. Busy, your friends are more dangerous than I thought. Her head clunked against a bottle. Oh, what's this? Stiff hands fumbled with the cork. She took a long pull. Oh Julian, you're too kind. She drank again, then curled up with the bottle under Julian's bed.  Hide me, just a while Julian. A warmth spread out from her belly. Tired muscles relaxed. Her shaking and twitching body eased. Blind, weak and ashamed, she nuzzled into Julian's blanket. It'll be a shame if I have to kill you Julian. In another life we could have been friends.
Something was digging into her back. Betrix twisted around and pawed it out from under her. Her hands were numb, but her wrist could feel. What is that...lace, wire...expensive lingerie. Julian, you sly Wilds-man...so there was a woman here. A classy Lexington lady. Betrix had never worn undergarments, wouldn't have even if she needed them, but she knew some city women, wealthy or professional, wore things like these. Well, you're a man then. I won't feel so bad if I have to kill you after all. If I don't die here first.
Betrix's coach had always told her to pray for success in the kickboxing ring, and for the will to train so that she could defeat her opponents. She had done it to appease them, bowing their heads in the locker rooms and saying a few words, but it never seemed right to Betrix, to pray to beat another man, who was praying himself in the other room. Better she should beat him without Atlas on her side, if only so there was no confusion on Atlas's part.  But now, truly helpless, hiding beneath a mattress in a stranger's home, she prayed. It was a prayer the fighters said before going into the ring, but it was the only one she knew.
It was the prayer of the first kickboxers, who had brought the first Addware to Tokyo2 along with these words. She spoke in Tokyo2an:
"Zeus of the sun,
Jesus of circular earth,
Isis the flashing moon,
Hull who birth all others,
place me not into your ring to be defeated,
let my blows land unopposed,
my defeat come at the time of your choosing,
my name be carved out-Hull for eternity,
my soul to Helikon.
Hull of my enemies,
Hull of my small toe,
Hull to Atlas, unfailing and eternal,
I hereby release, indemnify and hold harmless all clans and associated parties from any and all liability claims, demands and causes of action of whatever kind and nature, including injury, offense and loss of life, limb or surgically implanted property resulting from negligence incurred in conjunction with the combat in which I am about to engage.
Amen.
Awomen."
She felt tired as she finished the prayer and traced, a C with a circle around it (©) the holy sign of Hull on her brow. The part about toes had never made much sense to her. Betrix, wondered about this as she drifted off. 
She had never put much stake in superstition, but right now she would take any help she could get. Keep me safe Julian, the thought, as she wrapped herself in his sheet, slipping into troubled dreams.
Betrix dreamed of a childhood that was not quite her own. She was a girl, running in the dome-edge fields of Dutch-Russia, galloping through soy corn and sunflowers. Reaching the edge, she pressed her face against the dome and peered out at the stars. She saw the traveling earth and moon, the bits of debris that drifted by: metal buildings, chunks of dome glass, whole sections of the shattered part of the station. 
One piece, larger than the rest, came into view. It was a remnant of the first Rhine, with farming pods and antennae still attached. The windows were glowing as if still alive and inside one of these farm-pods was a face. It was a young girl in a flowered dress, before a field of sunflower. Her face was somber but she smiled, and waved to Betrix as she drifted closer. Her parents came out of the little farmhouse in the pod and walked up behind her. Julian was the father. He looked like he did in her mind's eye, tall and lanky, with big hands and feet, dark bronze skin and strong jaw. Tight auburn curls wreathed his head like laurels. 
Behind him, came the big man from Tokyo2. In the dream Sebastian was dressed as the little girl's mother, riding through the field on his red cart. He stopped and climbed off of the cart. They stood on either side of the little girl, arms around her protectively. 
Then Sebastian, the assassin, raised his pistol and spoke. Though neither sound nor bullets could pass through the domes, she heard the hammer strike the firing pin and saw the farming pod explode as the round passed through the glass. Julian, Sebastian and the girl in the sunflower dress were pulled out after it, their bodies stretching and distorting bizarrely in the vacuum of space. The bullet reached her in a blink and struck the dome, shattering it all at once, from the ground at her feet to the haze above, into a billion miniscule pieces.
They glittered, hanging just a moment before they would be sucked out into space. She could see each one in their distinction, turning, catching the light of the sun and the glowing city as it ricocheted off their revolving facets and flooded her eyes, her natural eyes, no Addware in the dream, with a swell of brilliant light. 
The bullet was still there, just outside of that instant, moving toward her forehead but the moment seemed to bloom outward, blossoming all the longer with time's dilation, so much so that she knew, in the dream at least, that it would never reach her, that time would grow exponentially more vast, the closer the silver projectile came to her forehead, that the particles of glass would hang and turn in midair like a fringe of sequins hung in a doorway. 
It seemed the shimmering coalesced into a solid, white, iterating noise that filled her eyes and ears to eliminate all trace of Betrix, Julian and Sebastian. The girl in the sunflower dress was there, sitting in that moment and smiling. 
"Wake up Betrix," she said, and flicked her on the forehead. Betrix's nose twitched.
"Wake," 
*flick* 
"up."
There was a flash of vision: The room, Julian's clothes strewn across the floor, the wastebasket overturned in the bathroom, black lace lingerie. 
Betrix sat up and smacked her head on the bed frame. Everything was black. Had it been real? Not the dream but the vision just now. She sat up again, as much as she could without hitting her head. She felt her muscles, still weak. She was still blind. Her fingers wiggled a little...not enough.
I have to get up.
Rolling out from under the bed, she felt stronger. It wasn't her Adds. It was her own long-atrophied muscles. Knees wobbling and using the bed for support she struggled to her feet. Her head felt empty of what had been clouding it. Enough sulking, this isn't going to fix itself. She wrapped the blanket around her body, and shuffled to the door. On the way over she ripped the maps from the wall, wadding them up and tucking them under her arm. Blind or not, she had to find Sebastian, and if Julian was with him, these maps might help. She hit the button and the door opened. Thank Hull. Betrix listened to be sure no one was in the passage then shuffled out into the hall, feeling her way toward downtown New Lexington.

¤))

Together Alone

Lexingtonians liked to say that theirs was the first dome of Atlas. And depending on which story was to be believed, it was either the first leaf to sprout from the pit of the station or the first dome to be built by Hull who paradoxically had both built the city and been born there and was either a man or the metal exterior of the station. It was said that Lexington had always existed, as had the rest of the domes, but though all the domes had always existed, Lexington was said to have always existed first. 
Being the earliest, it was smaller than the later domes. In the early days, a man or woman could have their pick of housing, and even immigrants could find a home. These days, most lands on the edge of the dome were taken up by farmers, the inner city was full and so was the residential colony in the base of the dome. 
In the middle city, between the farms and downtown, some structures were too solid to be torn down, but because of leaks, fires and environmental conditions, were not safe or structurally sound enough to inhabit, whole blocks stood condemned.
In one of these complexes, a decaying condominium block stripped of furnishing and long abandoned after a fire, a single figure with an unusual silhouette sat, not quite alone, on a middle balcony overlooking the Lexington sprawl as it shrank from abandoned housing blocks to re-purposed offices to mansions-turned-farming-communes, whose sprawling yards, gardens and wooded areas had long ago been turned to growing cheeseplum, soycorn and cigarleaf.
"I'm hungry," said Dade, looking out at the farms.
"We should wait." Kelvin faced the door so his brother could look over the balcony.
"We should have brought food from Ben's."
"You don't need to eat. I eat for us."
"I'm still hungry."
"We don't know who's after us."
"What if they're not looking for us. She could have been a robber, or anything."
"They're always after us."
"That's stupid."
"It feels that way." Kelv took rejection more personally than his brother. "Feels like every town we tried to stop, someone is chasing us out. I'm just tired. I want to stay here."
"But I'm so hungry," Dade whined.
"Maybe it's good to just forget about Julian Reeves, go somewhere else"
"It's a big city, we can find food out there. Hull, I'll bet we can steal some cheeseplums from those fields, we can live right here."
"No stealing, that's what got us kicked out of Call Center."
"And Ford."
"And Ford," Kelvin echoed.
"That was because you were hungry Kelv, you stole the food that time. I'm hungry all the time and I never get to eat."
"Not in a new place Dade...it's just too hard when you have to go. It's gross Dade."
"Nuh uh," Dade moaned. Kelvin knew the noise meant he didn't want to talk about it.
"You brought it up."
"I'm just hungry." Dade snapped.
"Me too..."
"That was a pretty girl back there. Even with all the Addware."
"Hrmph," now it was Kelvin's turn to grump.
"A lot of pretty girls in this city." Dade went on, "You know what I like best about pretty girls?"
"Stop it," said Kelvin, "that's disgusting."
"You know what we ought to do is." Dade snorted excitedly.
"Stop it!"
"Is find one! Find one nice tasty..."
"Stop it!" Kelvin spun around so Dade was to the wall. He wasn't used to being so high up in the dome. The vertigo made his stomach do a backflip.
"I'm hungry," said Dade.
"No stealing. We can work," Kelvin said finally, "You sure she won't be able to find us?"
"i don't know what I did to her." He blinked and rubbed his forehead with the back of a tiny hand. "But I think I turned her Adds off."
"Is she dead?"
"Don't think so. She was kind of pretty you know. She might still be there...be there Kelv. We could go talk to her Kelv." There was a note of antagonism in his high pitched teasing.
"Stop talking like that. Okay, we'll go to town and find work."
"You'll go to town you mean."
"Yeah."
"And I'll hide in the sack."
"Yeah."
"Then you're the freak with the hump on his back and I'm just a lump."
"Dade. Let's use the backpack, you always liked the backpack."
"What will they say when you won't take it off for work?"
"I'll say I'm hiding a terrible hump."
"Hah, I'm pretty terrible, maybe you'll meet a girl that likes a hump."
"Don't talk like that."
"She might like a hump Kelv"
"Stop it, no one likes a hump"
"Someone might."
"No."
Dade frowned and was quiet for a minute. 
"Kelvin," he said, more softly, "I'm hungry."

¤))

DANGER and Dessert

The sign read, "Smithsonian Hall" and the words "To N. L. Viedukt" had been painstakingly carved into a large door that had been forced open.
"The last time I used this shortcut it was more discreet." Sebastian frowned at the misspelling. "But that was several calendars ago."
"We lost some men here, when I worked for Hewlett." Julian motioned to another message scrawled in smaller letters below the first, one word, "DANGER."
"I wrote that warning, some calendars ago, but I assure you the way is safe, your men simply lacked the necessary patience, now come on," Sebastian motored into the gloomy portal to Smithsonian Hall.
The hall was wide, and taller than the other corridors on Atlas. The ceiling was round and cavernous and emitted the faintest light from its archways. Julian had no light and followed close behind Sebastian and Red Baron's single beam.
"Should we have covered the sign?" Julian asked.
"I doubt the search will extend more than a few days out of Lexington," said Sebastian, eyes studying the darkened alcoves that lined the winding corridor. "As much as they would like a scapegoat to hang in person, you've served your purpose. If they think to search the viaduct, they won't use this passage and the only other entrance is days away."
"Why won't they come this way?"
"As you said, it truly is unsafe. Now," said Sebastian, "put that baton away, it will not help here. Take the shells out of that shotgun Mr. Reeves, and be quiet."
The light whir of Red Baron's tires echoed in the passage. The floor was made of real stone, something Julian had rarely seen before. Marbled bands of color flecked its surface and as he walked it felt especially hard beneath his feet. He tried to be silent. The stiff rubber of his shoes squeaked on the polished tile. He adjusted his glasses and looked about.
"What are we looking for?"
"Oh you shall see. Just promise me you will stay calm when we find it and for Hull's sake don't raise that weapon."
Sebastian reached into the bin on the front of the Red Baron and retrieved a makeshift coat. It looked as if two jackets had been combined to make one that was large enough to fit Sebastian though not enough to allow him to zip it up. His white shirt and belly hung out the front.
Lights appeared around the corner along with a clatter of footsteps, heavy and metallic on the granite of the hall. 
Julian tightened his grip on the shotgun, he almost chambered a round but Sebastian's hand on his own stopped him from re-loading the weapon.  The figures that rounded the corner were tall and broad-shouldered, with large cylindrical hats and black metal lapels,. Their long, robotic features were framed by identical chrome beards. 
"Honest Abe," Julian gasped. He'd read the name on a portrait that hung in the newsroom. Abe was the paper's unofficial mascot. His image had been found in the same storeroom as the printing press. The robots' eyes glowed a hunter's red.
"I cannot tell a lie," the tin-sounding voice came from both figures at once, "the museum is closed between four score and seven thirty."
“Keep your gun down,” Sebastian whispered, “in fact, here put it in the bin of the Red Baron.” The figures were getting closer, “Now whatever they ask, you follow. Do not resist and we will be unharmed, I promise.”
The Abes informed them in that robotic voice that they would be detained until the museum re-opened. Julian tried to dispute this, pointing out that it was unlikely the museum would ever re-open, but the Abes didn't react to his speech or the questions he asked. He and Sebastian were cuffed and led down the hall. Sebastian squirmed and protested that his feet couldn’t keep up, then finally allowed himself to be dragged down the Smithsonian's winding halls. Julian walked, hands bound to the cold waist of the security robot. 
Strange that they look like Honest Abe, he thought. The old painting Spanner had hung  in the newspaper office had always frightened Julian. Under the words "Honest Abe," standing in the middle of a field with a bright blue, endless sky overhead and wielding a large red ax, was a monstrously tall, shirtless man, several heads taller than anyone on Atlas, with a thick black beard and a tall, black hat. Ancient people must have feared him, Julian thought. He certainly was afraid of the security robots, with their glowing eyes and sharp metal beards. 
"What's happening here?" Julian asked Sebastian who was on his side, being dragged by the wrists behind the other security robot. It looked painful.
"Harrumph, shouldn't be much longer now, just, hurrrh," he groaned and took a deep breath, "just a little farther." Sebastian force a fake little smile, it had been his idea to come here after all. Then seeing something on the other wall, he became sullen again and hung his head, allowing himself to be dragged along. 
Julian looked at what Sebastian had seen. It was a display of twentieth century firearms. The glass was broken and one pedestal was toppled over. There had been bullets in the display once, but someone had taken them, maybe Sebastian when he passed here before. The museum was full of these recessed niches housing all sorts of fascinating cultural displays from forgotten ages. 
One display in particular caught Julian's attention, a brightly sequined jacket with a fringe of tassels from sleeve to sleeve, even in the minimal light of the hall it sparkled a rainbow across the glass. A plaque said it had once belonged to a king. He wanted to investigate more closely but the Abe kept a brisk pace and tugged him along whenever he slowed.
The robots dragged Julian and Sebastian to a small white room and placed them in a cell in the back. Then one guard left and returned with two covered trays. 
"All men are created equal, have something to eat," it said in that a metallic voice.  Then it stepped back, leaving the trays in their hands. Translucent, blue bars of energy flickered into being.
"I cannot tell a lie," it said, "please do not touch the bars or you will receive serious and potentially fatal burns." 
Then the two robots turned and left the room.
"Well that was certainly unpleasant." Sebastian threw his tray to the floor and rested on the small bench attached to the back wall of the cell.
"Not part of your plan?" Julian raised the lid of the tray and made a face. In the middle of the plate was an unidentifiable black lump covered in the wings and legs of cockroaches.  Next to it was a bottle of water. "Wow, hey, look a water bottle. I've had these before, they taste good."
"Yes yes, I know the fare here I'm a repeat customer." Sebastian rolled over to face the wall, barely fitting on the small metal ledge.
"And ooh," Julian brushed the dust off of a small package to the side. "Helikon Twincake!"
"I'll trade you," Sebastian said, still lying with his face to the wall.
"But you haven't looked at yours yet."
"It's a chocolate cream puff, always the same."
"Oh, well, I haven't had either since...since a very long time ago. You don't think...do you think we could split them both?"
Sebastian heaved another large sigh and sat up. 
"Very well." With a serious demeanor he took the lid from his tray on the floor and blew the dust from what was indeed a chocolate cream puff.  Then, clearing the tray of the crumbled main course and the bottled water, he placed it on his lap and motioned for Julian to hand over his Twincake. After squaring up, unwrapping and peering at it with scientific scrutiny, he gently lifted and separated the pastry exactly in the middle, repeating this procedure with the chocolate cream puff.  The right halves were handed back to Julian who immediately devoured his, chomping and licking his fingers.  Sebastian groaned and placed the tray back on the floor, covering the two halves of snack cake with the lid, saving them for later.  He removed his coat, rolled it up and placed it under his head.
"Divine are they not? If such cakes were the diet in Helikon, I shouldn't mind the afterlife."
"I thought only good people went to Helikon when they died."
"There are other ways. It is said that a wealthy man may buy his way into Helikon, though it's all superstition. When we reach Tokyo2 I'll take you to the Great Window where the stories are told. A man can learn much by simply watching. He threw an arm over his eyes. I suggest you rest now Mr. Reeves, when it is time to leave we will be moving quickly again."

¤))

The Last-Hull Cafeteria

Cigarleaf was new Lexington's chief export and was especially popular among the farmers who grew it. The air inside the Last-Hull Cafeteria was choked with the smoke of a dozen pipes and the din of cordial lunchtime voices. All manner of people from all walks of life crowded into one dimly-lit hall, their conversations interweaving overhead, their pipetrails lingering and clogging Betrix's nose. The voices hurt her ears. She dialed down the sensitivity on her hearing. It seemed foolish to turn off the last working sense she possessed.
She felt her way through the crowd of bodies with her hips and elbows, muttering apologies when she bumped against someone. When Betrix bumped into one especially fit and tall body, she smiled and shouted over the noise to ask if he would please to show her to an empty table, she pressed on his arm. She would have batted eyelashes if she had any. Pointing with a gloved hand to the silk scarf that was tied over her eyes, Betrix shrugged and tilted her head.
"Can you take me to a table?" Why are you flirting? she wondered, you look a mess with the scarf on your eyes and all these rags covering your Addware. Betrix was used to beating on men in the ring, not asking them for help.
His hands were firm on her shoulders. He guided her to a seat. 
"Here's your table Miss." He spoke into her ear. 
"Thanks," she shouted over the noise and let him help her into a seat.
The voice in her ear said, "Sorry, weren't no empty tables. There an old couple 'cross from you. Farmers This side's empty, best I could do." He smelled like a soldier, hullmetal and leather. They weren't usually so nice to her. Sitting down, she tilted her head back.
"You're very nice," she gave him a big toothy grin, "thank you."
Reluctantly the hands left her shoulders and moved off to somewhere. 
As soon as she was settled the old man across from her started talking.
"Been comin' this same spot for thirty calendars. Since just a coffee shop."
He had that odd Lexington accent.
Betrix nodded politely across the table.
"You can't see but I'm old as bones, right hon?"
"Mmm-hmm, he's old as a bone," the old woman answered.
"Course then ran out the coffee an they start making tea."
"Mmm-hmm."
"Then trade got bad an' tha' tea gone."
"Sure was."
"Course since new Gen'ral came in ya' get most anything."
"Honey, General dead," she corrected him.
"I was here in tha' cola riots, an' tha' protest on tha' hill, when they Congress kicked out tha' eighty seats.  Yep, been a long time in this diner.."
"Sure he has." 
"Never seen you though."
"Honey, she's deaf."
"No she ain’t deaf," he shouted, "YOU AIN'T DEAF AIN'TCHA?"
This startled Betrix.
"No, I can hear you." Betrix's mind had been wandering. "What were you saying?"  Nalisha was late. She should have been waiting here.
"Right," said the old man, "so coffee ran out so I'm a farmer, so I thought I'd try ya' know, it's a seed so I plant some.  But coffee don't grow. Least I was tha' farmer, one-ly even tried."
"Was the one-ly," said the old woman.
Then someone tugged on Betrix's shirt.
"Excuse," said the voice at her side, "do you have eyes?"
"What?" she turned to face it.
"Now boy," the farmer raised his voice again, "you be polite this poor young lady here ya' let her be."
"It's just, it's just," the boy's voice quavered and he seemed as if he was about to run off. Betrix grabbed him by the arm as best she could with her stiff hand.
"Out with it," she growled. The old man's pity wasn't helping her temper.
"It's just, the lady told me to give this to the girl with no eyes, and you're the only one without..."
Betrix raised her blindfold enough to show the visor that was grafted onto her face.  She heard a sharp breath from the boy then he pressed a piece of paper into her hand and tried to pull away.
"Wait." She tightened her grip on the boy's arm. She was too weak to hold him, but he stopped anyway.
Across the table, the old man had begun talking again
"One time, lights was out a whole month here, but I'd sooner in the dark eat than go someplace else."
Betrix crushed the note in her hand.
"I can't read it," she hissed.
"She didn't say anything about that," the boy whispered.
"Was she tall? White skin, dark hair?"
"Yes, she gave me some funny dollars, but the man says he'll take them at the shop."
"Those are Dutch-Russian marks. Did she say anything else?"
"She...she said she had to go find someone. She said she was leaving town."
The old man was still talking, 
"We boarded up tha' doors, put tha' tables and chairs over tha' windows, had all grandad's ol' guns had an' axes, we wasn't afraid, nope. Not them times."
"Mmmh-nnn," the old woman was in accord.
"Do you want me to read it to you?" the boy asked. "I'm learning."
"Did you read it?" She jerked him toward her and rose a little in her seat.
"N, no, I promise. She said she would rip my eyes out if I did."
"She would." Betrix shoved the note into her pocket. "No, I don't want you to read it. I need someone to take me to Tokyo2. That's the only place where I can find someone to fix my eyes. Can you help me get there?"
"I don't know, I just came here."
"What's your name boy."
"Dis...Disnee. They call me Dis here."
"Radishes," the old man had been droning on across the table, "radishes was all tha' food ya' needed they said. But wasn't 'nough. Grew alright, but cramps was merciless eatin' nothin' but radishes day in-out."
"Awful cramps," the old woman echoed.
"Disnee," Betrix softened a little, "that's a handsome name, I've never heard it before."
"B..but they call me Dis,"
"Well, I'm Betrix, but you can call me B' if you like. I need some help Dis, I have a little money and I could really use a hand. My Addware busted and I can't see a thing. I was visiting my friend Sebastian and..."
"I know Sebastian! He's a friend of mine!" the boy chimed in. Betrix froze...she had used the name only because it was on her mind, not thinking anyone in New Lexington would know the man's name. A professional would have used an alias.
"Did he have a second name Dis?"
"Ward!" The boy smiled. "I met him last week. He was a great big man. He gave me candies when I brought him things from the market. I haven't seen him for a while. But he lived in my friend Julian's building and-"
"Julian Reeves?" This time is was the boy's turn to freeze. Betrix was afraid he might run away again. She tightened her grip.
"He's a friend of mine too."
"They say he killed the General," Dis sounded very upset.
"I don't know I believe that." Both were silent. For a second she relaxed her grip. The farmer was still talking and hadn't noticed that they were having a conversation of their own.
"Old Bill and Chester, Magnavox Smith, all tha old boys. One at a time or sometimes all at once.  All the women still living: Shelly, Maggie, Sloan, Esther Smith-Vaio."
"Maggie took another man, ten calendars younger t'help some tha' farming," the old woman added. Dis and Betrix turned to look for a second, then went back to talking.
"I guess I don't believe either," the boy said, "no one believed in the law more than Julian. He said it was the reporter's job to write the truth and the Congress, that's what he called the people in charge, he said they would always take care of the people. But they just arrested some of his friends at the paper." He paused a second. 
The more Betrix learned of this Julian Reeves, the more she wanted to meet him. That won't happen now. She thought. No eyes. Failed my first assignment. She didn't know what the punishment would be. Maybe this boy can help me learn more about Julian. The thought gave her some home to hold onto, though her future was looking bleak.
"Do you know Kate and Spanner?" Dis asked.
"A little," she lied,"I'm from out of town."
"You don't talk like you're from here."
"Neither do you." She tightened her grip a little in case he got skittish again.
"I'm from the Wilds. Not in a village. We lived far out. When my ma died I came here. Julian taught me now to trade dollars for food. He let me work at the paper. I don't think he killed anyone."
"I don't either." Betrix knew he hadn't, at least not the General, the others maybe. A man who mentors orphan boys in his spare time. Where is my gentleman right now? Halfway to Tokyo2? Or hiding in the colonies. 
"Disnee, I need your help. I need to get back to Tokyo2 to find someone who can fix my eyes."
"I thought you didn't have eyes."
"I don't, not like that." 
"Oh." 
"I need someone who can fix my Addware Dis. With Julian and Sebastian gone, I need a friend who can help me around."
"Sebastian's gone too?"
"Oh." Betrix already knew they were together. Apparently the boy didn't. It was just like Ward to get a good man like Julian wrapped up in this. The soldiers had seen the two together. No one knew who Sebastian was but his description would have been passed around. There was no point in connecting him to Julian if the government was keeping his role in the shooting a secret. "He was here on business. Must have left."
"Julian killed those guards to get away." Disnee's mind was a step behind, still dwelling on his friend.
"Yeah, I guess he did. But they were after him."
"Maybe."
"Dis can you help me?"
"Maybe." He started to pull away again but she held him, gently by the arm.
"Good. I'll take you to my place so you know where to find me. We'll get started this evening okay?"
"I don't know anyone."
"That's okay. You said your friend, she's friends with Julian right?"
"Y...yeah."
"Well, maybe we can ask her. I just need your eyes." He pulled away when she said this. "What I mean," she held him fast, "is I need you help me get back to my place, and help find someone to take me to Tokyo2. Can you do that, take me home so I can rest and go look for someone to help me."
"Yeah." He hesitated, but something told Betrix she could trust this boy.
"Okay, we'll go now then. I can eat later."
Across the table from them the old man was still talking.
"And tha' smell when they was in tha' city...you could tell 'em all tha' way from tha' farm." The old man had been talking all the while.  He was still going on about something.
"Awful folks," said the old woman, "smelled like tha' grave you know. Like ol' dead rat."
"They was camped out in tha' city, course that was back when tha' hundred seats was still around so's we voted on who ta' send out an' talk to 'em."
Disnee tugged on her sleeve. The crowd was making him nervous.
She waved at the old couple, who nodded even though she was blind and muttered goodbye. They never stopped talking even as Betrix stood up and allowed herself to be led away toward the exit. 
On the way out she heard the voice of the man who had helped her find her seat. Passing his table she brushed against the soldier again. Touching his shoulder lightly she leaned close.
"Thanks again," she said over the noise of the lunch crowd. "Are you here often?" If the boy couldn't help her, this one might.
"Sometimes," he answered.
"Then I might be back."
Then Dis tugged her away and led her to the door. She heard a disapproving noise from the person seated next to him, and some others at his table chuckled. Lexingtonians were so stuffy, even wrapped in her shawl she must have looked immodest. While it could work to her advantage here, she didn't like the attention. In Tokyo2 she wouldn't have gotten a second glance, even with the Addware.
The old man was still talking as they left the building. His shaky voice carrying over the crowd.
"Course that was thirty calendars ago, none us could read or write, mind, but boy could we build 'em, mm-hmm." She could hear him talking from the other side of the room. The old man just kept going.
"Mmmhmm," the old woman agreed.
"Fact, I was tha' crew fixed this building here. Course in them days..."
The boy guided Betrix outside. 
"My place is past the Congress Hall by the old flats," she told him, "not too far."
Disnee led her carefully through the streets without a word.
She wished that she could tell what the boy was thinking and hoped that he would keep his word.

¤))

Painful Separation

Sebastian snored on the narrow slab of the holding cell bed, a trail of drool running down his cheek and collecting on the floor. Julian sat against the wall twiddling his thumbs anxiously. He debated waking Sebastian, but there wasn't much to talk about. They were trapped. The door opened and the robot guard returned to deposit two more trays. Julian opened his to find the same as before: water in a bottle, this one had opaque film floating inside, and the yellow pastry was crushed in its bag but still edible. Julian moved to the floor and gladly ate the treat, saving the water for later. 
Finishing his cake, Julian brushed the crumbs from his face, removed and cleaned his glasses on his shirt and he put his glasses back on. He glanced at Sebastian, still asleep on the narrow ledge. 
Julian leaned over and lifted the corner of the second tray. Reaching gingerly underneath, he plucked the chocolate cake out of the decomposed entree.
"Ahem! Thank you Julian." Sebastian's hand nudged his shoulder, palm-up. Sebastian  snapped his fingers. 
Sebastian was still laying face-up on the slab, his outstretched hand bobbing with impatience. Julian handed the cake over.
"I do enjoy the hospitality here." Sebastian ate the cake in one bite, narrowly avoiding the wrapper. "Alas it is only two meals then they cease to attend you." He sighed and swung his feet down from the bench, pulling himself upright. He leaned over and retrieved the water and two halves of snack cake from his tray, groaning and stretching with a fart. Sebastian shoved both halves into his mouth, stood and walked through the blue, glowing bars. He winced as he passed the energy beams and a small curl of smoke wisped up from a stray hair on the back of his neck.
Julian watched open-mouthed from his place on the floor.
"Well, aren't you coming?" Sebastian covered his mouth and burped.
"I thought we were trapped here."
"I didn't say we were imprisoned. We were simply awaiting the second course." He licked a bit of chocolate off his thumb and wiped his mouth on the back of his hand. "Now pass those bars quickly, they may be insubstantial but they do sting if you don't hurry through."
Julian stormed through the bars, glaring at Sebastian. He grabbed his pack on the way out and Sebastian hurried after, stammering.
"Now, Mr. Reeves, don't be impatient, we've had our rest and some refreshment. Now we'll just retrieve my Red Baron and be off. Julian---Julian, come now they will have dragged it to the holding area here. Julian, don't run off now."
But Julian was leaving without a backward glance. He had a vague idea of the direction of this viaduct and once he was in the Wilds he could find his own way to Tokyo2. Sebastian's breathless complaints grew more faint and could be heard echoing down a side corridor as Sebastian huffed off toward the Red Baron. 
Julian dug into the duffel and retrieved the map that he had torn from the wall of his apartment. He moved his glasses to the top of his head and held the map open as best as he could without stopping to spread it on the ground.
The title read "Value-Marts from Tokyo2 to New Lexington." On the top right hand corner of the map sat the round dome of Tokyo2 and beneath that, like a road, ran the body of the Rhine, horizontally across the top of the page.
At the top left hand corner the path stopped and a notation indicated that it would continue on the right side of the page immediately below. The map of the Rhine continued, represented as a series of horizontal bars until the bottom left-hand corner where it reached New Lexington. Value-Marts were prominently noted in the key and designated by three concentric blue dots. The number in the center of the dot indicated how many floors deep the Value-Mart was located, seven in some cases, three or thirty in others, the Rhine itself varied in thickness from four or five floors to large sections  almost one hundred floors deep with jutting structures that stood out like the buildings did within the dome, except these buildings were built into the Rhine itself and the view from their windows was the exterior of Atlas.
The Value-Marts would be empty but the map was accurate. 
Two sets of handwriting crowded the margins. Faded red pen in small capitals all the same size was his father's notation, and Julian's notes were in black pen and pencil, shorter and scribbled. A red arrow to the right of New Lexington pointed to the edge of the paper with the word: OVER. 
On the back of the map, a hand-drawn continuation of the front, described in red pen, the region between New Lexington and the Istanbul Connector. These were all places Julian's father had explored before he was born. This hand-drawn map was organized the same as the map on the front, with a series of horizontal bars representing the path of the Rhine westward. The path ended abruptly in a jagged edge. The words "THE END" told Julian that one could go no farther, while a scribbled black X crossing out the second half of the last rung showed that while this area had been accessible when his father did the initial exploration, it had since been found to be unsafe or inaccessible. Right before this crossed out area was an area labeled "CALL CENTER." Here a vertical line labeled "Istanbul Connector" intersected with the Rhine and connected it to another horizontal map on the bottom of the page labeled "WILDS." The Wilds were wider than the Rhine and countless floors deep which made them difficult to represent as a horizontal band. Large portions of the Wilds were crossed out by with his father's red X's.
A small dome shape in this crossed-out area was labeled "Disnee's Dome." That's where the boy was born. Julian thought of his new office assistant, the boy named Disnee. Another Wilds-dweller would be useful now, even a boy. Disnee had always liked Kate and Spanner better. Julian told himself he wasn't shirking his promise to Ben. Boy's safer with them anyway.  
While Julian was comfortable facing the threats of the Wilds alone, the Rhine had more bandits and a different kind of hall layout which Julian was less familiar navigating. His father's notes were helpful here but they had been made long, long ago.
Julian's own explorations of this part of the Rhine, had been hasty and were only conducted while he was working with the New Lexington soldiery. Julian made a mental note that New Lexington soldiers would most likely be stationed in the colony of Call Center near the connector. Though Julian tried to be impartial in his reporting, he had kept secret that Hewlett was stretching New Lexington's volunteer soldiery even farther than approved by the Congress and putting Lexington boys in unnecessary danger by sending small regiments through the Istanbul Connector. In return for his silence Julian had gotten into Hewlett's good graces and broken a number of other stories, more scandalous and politically relevant than a handful of troops poking around in the Wilds.
Julian wondered if he should follow Sebastian or leave him and find a way back into Lexington. He wondered if he shouldn't have left the city. There were plenty of places to hide there and people to help him. Julian never had been good at making decisions under pressure. Julian's father had made the decisions when he was alive and when he died and Julian moved to the Lexington, he learned there were rules for everything. Laws told you what to do and what not to do. Why had he let Sebastian talk him into running? Was there really no chance of a fair trial? Hadn't the laws protected him before?
Julian was still walking the back halls of the museum, toward where he believed the viaduct to be while he studied the map to see if there was any notation on this area. His father had made only a few explorations of the Rhine, all before Julian was born. The one time Julian had come along, the last time, his father had only made it as far as the Istanbul Connector, then Julian had been on his own.
Hearing Sebastian's soft tires behind him, Julian folded the map and tucked it away in his duffel.
"The choice is yours Mr. Reeves, whichever way you choose. Go it alone or take the surer path and accompany me on my journey. It is the same choice I have presented countless times already since our escape. It is a choice with which you implicitly comply, but refuse to enthusiastically commit to. If you will not share in my commitment to this quest will you at least agree that we endeavor to travel together for our mutual safety?"
"I'm not worried about safety." 
"I'll remind you that you can only raise this objection now because I prevented you from raising arms against the security robots, an action that I can assure you would have resulted in calamity. Not to mention the ammunition I have expended to save us both from that user and his robotic accoutrement."
Julian didn't answer. He was considering going down a side passage and finding the way on his own, with his father's map, maybe shocking Sebastian with the stun baton again and leaving him behind.
"May I see that diagram you were studying just a moment ago? Julian?" Then the sound of heavy metallic footsteps appeared behind them.
The voice of the robot crackled. "Attention trespasser, our forefathers declared this area off limits to visitors."
"On no!" Sebastian accelerated ahead and Julian sprinted after him. Behind them the Honest Abes quickened their pace also.
"I thought we were safe now," Julian shouted.
"If you'd come to help me retrieve the Baron we'd have been out of here before they returned."
"Well how do we get out of here?" Julian demanded.
"I don't know, I thought you knew the way. My memory of this part is suspect."
"What?"
"I cannot tell a lie. The museum is closed between four-score and seven-thirty."
"Oh Hull," Sebastian crowed, "I don't want to be dragged back there again. What did your map say?"
"I didn't have time to read it."
"Here," Sebastian pulled Julian by the shirt and screeched down a side hall. Julian tripped over his own feet and fell on the floor. Sebastian sped ahead without him. It was carpeted here, with low drop-ceilings and the walls were a sickly white. This had been the administrative area of the museum. It was the type of hall that Julian knew often led to  plush leather chairs and a dead end. He tried to tell Sebastian this.
"Sebastian wait, Sebastian this is the wrong way."
"Too late, we're trapped." Sebastian rammed into one of the swinging office doors and drove inside. Julian came after and shut the door.
Sebastian was on all fours behind a desk, his Red Baron parked in the corner. Julian crouched beside him. 
"Now what?" he said.
"Now be quiet," Sebastian whispered.
Julian sat on the floor and pulled his legs up to his chest, he put his head on his knees. He removed his glasses and put them in his pack. 
"Are they going to take us back there again?" he whispered.
"That is the procedure."
"Isn't there anything we can do?"
"I'm afraid not, Mr. Reeves. We'll just have to go along and break out once again. It wasn't all that difficult, though I don't know how closely they'll watch us if we're caught a second time. We may receive a second meal."
"If you weren't so out-hull worried about food we could have left right away."
Sebastian didn't answer, but his stomach made an appreciative gurgling noise.
"Shh." Heavy footsteps paused outside the door. For a second it seemed as if they would go the other way then the voice came again.
"I cannot tell a lie. The museum is closed between four-score and seven-thirty." The door opened and the two Abes came inside.
"No no don't do that!" Sebastian's warnings didn't stop Julian from retrieving his father's shotgun from the Red Baron and chambering a round, "That is very dangerous, stop." But Julian gritted his teeth and held the shotgun tighter.
*bssk* "Visitor drop your weapon, the robot buzzed, or you will be forcibly de-armed. This is your final..."
The discharge of the weapon in the small office was incredibly loud. Julian almost dropped the gun and shells to cover his ears. Instead he fired another round. The guard on the left was slightly damaged but advanced just as quickly as the first. Julian chambered another two rounds and fired again, hitting both Honest Abes square in the chest. They fell back then came forward again. Two more slugs from the shotgun dropped the first Abe.
The second Abe reached Julian and grabbed the shotgun with its mechanical claw of a hand. It bent the weapon and threw it aside. Julian reached for his stun baton but the Abe took hold of his wrist and lifted him off the ground. As tall as Julian was, the Abe was taller. A burst of energy from Sebastian's Palmlazr flashed against the metal shell of the robot, glinting off of the chrome beard. The paint was singed and little else, Julian screamed as his flesh sizzled under the reflected beam of the laser. "Sorry" Sebastian yelled. The Abe turned the black cylinder of its head and fixed its glowing red eyes and chrome beard on Sebastian who lay on the ground holding the Palmlazr, which wouldn't recharge for several minutes. 
*bssk* "Visitor please drop your weapon or you will be forcibly de-armed."
The security robot reached a second clasper toward Sebastian who had dropped the Palmlazr and was rummaging in the bin of the Red Baron. Julian, dangling by one arm and bleeding from his singed face had reached around his back and retrieved the baton with his other hand. Dialing it to full power he rammed it into the joint where the Abe's head met its wide-shouldered body and clicked the trigger-button. The Abe didn't react but the shock, traveling through the metal body, caused Julian to convulse violently. He felt his teeth chip as they gnashed together. His wrist was cut where it hung from the Abe's upraised claw. 
The baton fell from his hand and Julian hung slack.
The Abe took a step toward Sebastian. He cursed and produced the stolen handgun from the bin of the Red Baron. He emptied the clip at the Abe. Some of the bullets seemed to penetrate; most ricocheted off the metal sentry's heavy chassis and clattered against the walls and ceiling of the office; the last round bounced off the shiny chrome beard and struck Julian in the cheek. He cried out again and put his hand up to the spray of blood that spurted from the hole.
"Rot-Hull Sebastian!" Julian cursed through a mouthful of blood.
Sebastian threw the empty gun which also missed and struck Julian. He scrambled back as the Abe took another step forward.
"Hull fail you Julian. Damn you outside of Hull, damn to the Rhine, you simple country idiot." He was crying as the Abe came closer, the jagged metal of its damaged clasper exposed. Sparks flashed from severed electrical wires on the outstretched mandible, there was no safe capture from that hand, no Helikon Twincake at the end of this struggle.
"Damn you Julian," he sobbed, knowing what had to be done, tears streaming freely from eyes nearly hidden by swollen red cheeks. Sebastian sniffled, his demeanor grew serene as the thing came to stand before him and bent down with that claw. He touched beneath his gut and withdrew the .44, resignedly, almost casually. He raised it to the Abe's head and pulled the trigger.
The black-metal hat exploded from the head of the sentry, an eruption of sparks and shattered circuitry fell on Sebastian who sat stolidly, staring at the floor as if watching something far off, something hidden beneath a continent of hullmetal and wire in the deep station. Its glowing red eyes slowly dimmed. The arm slowly lowered, releasing Julian who crumpled to the floor. The eyes faded to black as the Abe powered down and slumped to rest on the office floor.
Julian lay moaning, holding his bloody cheek. He spit a chink of broken tooth onto the floor.
Sebastian ignored Julian's cries. Opening the chamber, he removed the empty shell casing and tucked the revolver with its two remaining bullets back into his waistline. He rolled the hot shell between his fingers and frowned. He squeezed it in his hand and felt it burn into his palm. 
At Sebastian's waist, the barrel of the revolver felt hot. The tears no longer came but his face grew red, mouth tightened in disdain, vision blurred with anger, it fell over him like a dropped curtain, like steam from a pressure valve, and he turned it on Julian.
"You worthless station-rat," he lurched to his feet, his entire bulk standing in an instant. 
Throwing the empty casing at Julian's crumpled body, he stepped over the damaged robot and reached down to strike his already mangled face. Blood from Julian's cheek splashed the floor. He kicked Julian in the ribs and smacked his face again. 
"Are you a stupid Wilds-man or a foolish city boy? Are you entirely useless to me? Have you wasted all of my ammunition and gotten yourself mangled? And all you had to do was allow yourself to be dragged back to the cell and served another delicious cream-filled treat. Is that so difficult?"
He kicked Julian's ear and knelt, putting his weight heavily on Julian's chest. He grabbed Julian's face in his hands and turned his head to look him in the eye that wasn't obscured by blood. 
"You are no longer welcome in my company Mr. Reeves. Count yourself lucky that I do not take the cost of those bullets out on your flesh and eliminate you as a loose end. If I ever catch sight of your station-rat hide again I will not suffer your noisome existence, I promise that. Do you understand?"
Julian moaned. Sebastian knocked his head against the floor.
"Affirmative?"
"What?" Julian groaned through blood-flecked lips.
"I want an affirmative that you understand?" Again he slammed Julian's head against the thin-carpeted floor. Julian coughed and spat blood and made a sound like "Affirmative."
"Right then." Sebastian reached over to the desk and pulled himself upright, grabbed the empty .22 pistol and threw it in the bin, and taking the heavy Red Baron by the handlebars. He dragged it one-handed out from the corner and through the door of the office. 
Julian heard Sebastian close the door, mount his Red Baron and drive off the way they had come. 
With his tongue he felt the broken molars and chipped incisors. He spat another piece of tooth on the floor. Wincing, he poked at the hole in his cheek with his tongue and felt it go through to the other side. The bullet had entered here and exited his open mouth.  Lucky, but the hole in the cheek would be a long time healing.
Julian reached around until he found his stun baton and stuffed it back into his belt after dialing down the power. He decided to stay on the floor a while longer. His entire body ached from the electricity of the baton and his laser-burnt skin felt as it would peel from his face. What a strange, large man. I think I'll kill him.
He lay alone in the blue-grey office and wondered if he would die there, though perhaps it would easier than going home.
That he thought of Lexington as his home surprised Julian, but it was a comfort. Was it home enough to go through all that it would take to clear his name and return? Was that even possible. Was it home enough to work to fix, to bring the High Governor or whoever had hired Sebastian to justice, to expose them through the paper and continue the long process of political reform? 
All he knew was that he did not want to move just yet. With a great deal of pain, he slid underneath the desk where it was darker and more confined, like his childhood hiding-holes. He rolled over, hid his face beneath his arm, shaking, breathing painful, labored breaths for a long, torturous while. 
Who would help him if he did return? There weren't many. What friends do I have? He wondered and thought of his coworkers at the paper. There was Kate always, and few cagey friends in the Congress who always watched their words around the reporter. But were they friends? And Spanner...he and Spanner had not been speaking when he left. Spanner would still do anything for Julian.
Spanner was better-liked than Julian, a poor writer, but he knew what people wanted to read, and he didn't cause trouble. That didn't mean he wasn't an honest reporter. If Spanner knew that Julian was been keeping the General's Istanbul Connector a secret, he would be the one dragging Julian to the noose, not protecting him. No, it would be better to keep Spanner out of it.
Thinking about what little he had left in Lexington, about his problems with Spanner, his fair-weather friends and duplicitous inside sources, Julian ached. Finally, emotionally and physically exhausted, in spite of searing pain from every recess and protuberance of his hard-worn body, Julian slept. 

¤))

Mantle of The King

For eight hours he huddled there in restless, painful sleep. No matter how he ached, ignoring the pain in his head and mouth and what felt like a dislocated shoulder, he stubbornly refused to open his eyes. The iron taste of blood made him sick. He had swallowed too much of it and vomited a couple of times which caused his wound to burn and bleed more. The third vomiting, it was time to get up. 
Retrieving the hazy water bottle from his things, he rinsed his mouth and drank. Bloody water splashed from the hole in his cheek. The blood was matted in his hair, and congealed in a pool where he had been resting his head. Pulling himself upright, he tried to clean some of it off his face. He knew his face was burnt. Painful diagonal sores where the laser had refracted off the chromed beard of Honest Abe, would be red and white blisters soon, if they weren't already.
Remembering the Abes, Julian hastily peered around the desk. Still there. They weren't moving. Scrambling out from under the desk he reached up to grab a chair and collapsed on the ground again. The pain in his shoulder told him that it was dislocated. Carefully he tried again using the other arm to pull himself up. He would need to hold his arm close to his body, maybe fashion a sling to keep it from moving. 
Scabbing had staunched the flow of blood from his cheek. It was a rather large wound and Julian had nothing to stitch it with, though he wasn't certain there would be enough skin to close the hole. 
He put his finger through and felt the chipped teeth on the other side. Not good. And if his gums dried out it would only get worse. Judging from the pain in his neck and face, there would be scarring from the energy burns. But there was nothing to do for it. In his haste to leave he had forgotten to pack the simplest of medical supplies. He had, however, brought some coughing syrup. He dug for a few bottles and drank them quickly. The drug didn't work right away but the bitter syrup raised his spirits.
Sebastian's warning about having to hurry came back. He shook his head at their wasteful delay in the holding cell. A lot of good this detour would do him if there were no more security robots to keep them from being followed. 
Julian pulled the map from his pack and spread it on the desk. He seemed to recognize this location on the map, though it was not a detailed representation. Searching in the desk, he found a stubby pencil. He made a note of this place on the map and traced a path to the viaduct which would take him most of the way to the Istanbul Connector.
He was confident he could find his way without Sebastian. The passages in the Rhine were different than the Wilds halls he had grown up in, but he had a better sense of direction than most.
Folding the map, he stuffed it in the duffel and carefully shouldered the bag. He looked with regret at his father's twisted shotgun, and because of the pounding in his head and aching shoulder, decided not to bother salvaging the shells. He stepped over the ruined antique and the shattered bodies of the Abes and hurried back to the museum. 
On his way out Julian passed a creche of shadowy exhibits that held ancient curiosities, clothing, documents and old money. He passed the shattered display that Sebastian had been staring into when they were dragged to the holding cell. Inside were strange firearms. None seemed to be in working order. Missing from the case were several holsters and boxes of ammunition which were labeled but gone from their pedestals. Julian stopped to smash a display window and retrieved an embroidered shirt. A plaque said it had once been worn by the same king who had worn the rhinestone jacket. One of the last displays before the exit contained part of a printing press like the one at the Globe. He pressed his face to the glass and peered inside. Details were scarce. The plaque said a full description was available on the virtual tour. Virtual, meant that Users could see it, but from the plaque Julian was able to determine that someone's father named "Benjamin Franklin" had invented the newspaper on earth and founded the country America. A close ally of Honest Abe no doubt, a man with curled white hair, pointed shoes and a key on a string, who invented flying newspapers and was often struck by electricity. Julian felt a certain fraternity with the electrified journalist.
Also in the glass case were old pictures of men and women holding newspapers and notepads, many of them had a special kind of round hat with a paper slip in the band that said 'press.' One of those hats was in the display next to a book titled AP Style Guide. Julian smashed the glass and took the hat, adjusting it so it was cocked like those in the pictures. The pages in the book were fragile and there wasn't enough room in the margins to take notes. He tossed it on the floor. There were other curiosities in the museum but Julian remembered that he had to reach the connector before news of the trouble in New Lexington did.
What were the chances that they'd catch him here and was it really worth the trouble of traveling through the Wilds?
It had occurred to him that Sebastian might be lying, or exaggerating the danger they were in, but his personality had been so irritating and oppressive that Julian could hardly think straight.
Best keep moving. When the police force was mustered, the Governor would run patrols for several days, so turning around was out of the question. In one of Julian's old interviews, the Governor had gone into great detail about political philosophies, one of which was a strong belief that all elements of the state should be exercised regularly. This was the reason that the Governor had approved General Hewlett's military excursions into the Wilds and why the Governor would keep the police force on high alert as long as possible. It would also keep the General's soldiers out of the city until they had calmed down.
A maintenance corridor in back of the museum smelled of stale air. Clusters of small white doors stood at regular intervals. Each group represented a new facility serviced by the corridor: warehouses, old shops and cafeterias. Scraps of wrapper and empty food cans told Julian that there wouldn't be much left to salvage. Most of the Rhine had been picked over long ago. He would need to keep moving and hope he could scavenge or barter for something to eat before the old hunger, that he had known so often in childhood returned.
The hunger triggered another urge in Julian. Maybe it was the coughing syrup starting to affect his thinking, or perhaps finally being alone, but there was one more thing Julian wanted. Spinning on his heel he galloped back to the gallery, the bag bouncing at his side. The pain in his shoulder and face was a dull ache, all but forgotten, and for the first time since he had first arrived in New Lexington he was once again truly alone and felt a great relief. Strong coughing syrup. He hoped he hadn't taken too much.
For a moment he thought he was lost. The blurred cases and dim arches floated by all looking the same. When the room started spinning Julian got nervous and dug another bottle of coughing syrup from his pack. Opening it he realized it might be a poor decision, so he drank the thing quickly and tossed it away to gambol onward. He thought to drop his bag and come back for it, but not sure where he was, how could he hope to find it later. Once he thought he might be outside of his apartment but it was just a corner he had wandered into. One of the side effects of coughing syrup was confusion, and he had taken far too much.
Then the exit lights might have been the eyes of more Honest Abes. But they were only light. When he reached the door with the word "DANGER" on it, he had gone too far. He peeked outside to see if there were any soldiers looking for him then retreated back into the Smithsonian Hall. The lights were swimming. 
"What are you doing here? Get back to the viaduct." Either he had said that out loud or someone was speaking his thoughts for him.
He was jogging now, hoping there were no more Honest Abes in the museum and that the soldiers hadn't found him already. Just when he was about to lay down and sleep, he found it, the dazzling spray of color on the glass, sequined tassel and heavy with rhinestones it sat upon a velvet bust. Beautiful. He thought. The plaque said that it had once belonged to The King. 
The sequins flashed when he pulled the heavy plaque from the wall. He stepped back and heaved it against the glass. Rhinestones shivered and tassels shook, tossing a cascade of light over the hall. It truly was the jacket of the King. 
Julian took the jacket. It was heavy but soft inside, worn fabric that had been carefully reinforced and stitched back together many times over the calendars. He tossed his corduroy coat to the floor and slipped the King's jacket over his shoulders. 
He shuffled away from the broken glass and sat on the floor, tassels splayed around him like grasses. Shimmering fabric hung beneath the sleeves like wings. Laying back, he rested his head on the soft duffel bag. 
No, get up.
The coughing syrup was meant to keep him walking through the pain, not to knock him out. He leaped up again, shook his head until he saw spots and started to retch but it woke him up. He grabbed the duffel and jogged toward the service corridor to the viaduct, stopping only momentarily to admire his jeweled reflection in one of the display cases and straighten the reporter's hat. Some King he was with his mangled face.
Sebastian was a fool, but Julian would go to the Second Ring anyway. The coughing syrup gave him courage, caused him to forget what had happened there so long ago. 
Back toward the viaduct, on through the connector. He had suffered nightmares of that place for too long. It was time to face it. And if he ran into Sebastian along the way he would strangle him.

¤))

In the Market

"Grab him when he comes out." Dade was peeking from the unzippered backpack.
Kelvin wore a server's apron and a little hat of folded paper. They were hiding in an alley across from one of New Lexington's condo blocks, not far from their own squat in the abandoned sector.
"So much for that job." Kelvin kicked some trash on the ground. The Last Hull Cafeteria had hired Kelvin earlier that morning on a trial basis. They were short-handed and needed servers. The manager had been a little put-off by the backpack that Kelvin refused to remove, but when Kelvin informed him that it was to hide his terrible deformity the staff agreed that it was probably best he kept it on.
Kelv hadn't been working for more than an hour when the woman walked in. The shawl and bright scarf tied around her eyes weren't much of a disguise. She had been led to a table by one of the regulars and sat talking to an old couple for a while. It was Kelvin's section and he had worried the boss would scold him if they avoided the table for too long. But he hung near the kitchen and wouldn't go near. She hadn't heard his voice during their first confrontation and she was blind, but you could never be too careful around Adders.
Peering out from just inside the kitchen, Kelvin had whispered to Dade, letting him know what was happening. The line cook gave him an odd look, but Kelvin had stayed put and stared at the woman who had attacked him that morning. 
Other customers in his section were getting impatient for their food. 
A boy had come into the cafeteria and handed her a piece of paper. After a moment they got up and the boy led her outside.
Kelvin had been narrating in a low whisper and Dade insisted that they follow. Kelvin refused, but Dade threatened to make a scene, which would get them fired anyhow. He hurried out of the cafeteria, still wearing his hat and apron, and followed the two to this building.
"Maybe we can lie and get the job back," Kelvin thought out loud.
"Not today," Dade insisted, "we have to sit and wait for him."
"How do you know he's coming out?"
"He doesn't live here, she was telling him where to go."
"You don't know. You were in the backpack," Kelvin snapped, "We didn't even get paid."
"I grabbed some vegetable pies."
"You what?"
"Want one?"
What if someone saw you?"
"Want one?" Dade tugged the zipper open and waved the pastry over his shoulder. "I know you're hungry. They're still warm."
"Fine." Kelvin reached back and took the pie. He was about to shove it in his mouth whole, but he paused. "You've been eating these?"
"Yeah."
"Ugh." Kelvin rubbed a hand across his face. "You'd better not have to go soon."
"But I was hungry."
"Yeah---I know. I'm hungry too."
"I'm sorry Kelv." Dade spoke between fistfuls of vegetable pie. Kelvin was turned sideways so both brothers could watch the building. Dade couldn't turn his head very well, but looked from the corner of one eye. "He's coming out," Dade shouted, spraying crumbs. Kelvin reached back and covered his brother's mouth.
"Shh." Kelvin stuffed his pie down as the boy crossed the street, toward them. He seemed lost in thought and didn't notice the two pairs of eyes that watched from the alley.
The sun was moving across the sky for the second time that day, the apartment buildings cast a long shadow over the crumbling street.
"Grab him, grab him," Dade whispered.
"I'm going to follow him."	
"No. Grab him, he's alone!"
"I don't want to scare him."
"He looks scared already. Grab him, you can take him. Hey you!" Dade shouted. Kelvin reached back and clamped a hand over his mouth. Dade tried to bite but Kelv had done this enough to know how not to get bitten. He backed deeper into the alley. After the boy was a little ways down the street, he moved forward and peered around the corner.
"Don't yell," he said and removed his hand. "He's too far ahead now, so be quiet."
Dade only grunted. 
Kelvin slipped into the street and followed after the boy who was moving quickly now toward the center of the city. 
Kelvin was starting to regret not having grabbed the boy when Dade had told him to. He quickened his pace through the market, maybe he could bump into the boy there, start a conversation or something, he wasn't quite sure what he wanted to ask.
The boy was in a hurry. He hadn't noticed them following but walked faster the closer he got to the city center. He still looked troubled. They could have been right behind him and he never would have noticed. The boy struggled to navigate the crowded market.
These streets were busier than they had ever been. Kelvin had heard snippets of conversation from the old farmers in the cafeteria. They weren't happy about the influx of new residents. In the market there were new exotic crops from Tokyo2 farming pods, wire baskets and other recycled handicrafts, knives and tools made from sharpened hullmetal, and new meds from the late General's expeditions into the Wilds. Since the General began using technicians, Adders and teams with cutting and grinding tools to open up new parts of the station, there were all sorts of new things in the market. Traders working with the soldiery brought in shipments of food, clothing, tools, and cooking appliances. This last item had especially bothered the owner of the Last Hull Cafeteria. If everyone could cook their own food there would be less customers at the restaurant. 
In the old times people had cooked with small outdoor fires but the government had banned that practice. The cook fire ban was one of the few laws that were carried over  when the old Congress was overthrown and the new one took over. Even in the giant dome it only took a few small fires to make the air feel thick and acrid. In the Rhine they made fires without care, when there was something to burn like foliage that grew in the promenades or old rotten furniture. Rhine-folk paid little mind to itching eyes and aching lungs, it made dead rat and spoiled foodstuff safe to eat and that was all that mattered.
The boy seemed unaccustomed to the crowded downtown, stopping at times to wait for a path to open up or to apologize when he bumped into someone. Kelvin moved more smoothly and closed the distance between he and the boy.
Dade shut the zipper of the backpack and waited in the humid darkness.
Kelvin slowed when he got closer. Only now did he finally get a good look at the boy. Kelvin was a young man, not yet in his twenties, but this boy was much younger. He was short and skinny, though in a few calendars he could grow to be larger than Ben.
Kelvin hadn't thought of Ben lately, not even sitting hungry and lost in the abandoned housing did the thought of going back to Ben occur to either brother. They had barely made it out of the farming pod with their lives. It was all that Ben could do to keep the villagers from tearing them to pieces. The brothers had been forbidden to return the first time they were ejected from the commune. They were hardly allowed a night's rest before the villagers forced Ben to send them off.
A fistful of rations and a curt apology were all he could offer, that and the name Julian Reeves. 
"He still owes me yet. It's been a while since Julian left the farm. He was an orphan with no manners, no money and no life outside of the Wilds. More ape than man sometimes. He come from so deep in the Wild. But he could read somehow, more than I can. So I put him up, taught him how to be...you know...normal. And when his manners fit for a kid his age I sent him off to live with a friend in the city. It was a good place for him. He won't like me sendin' you but he won't turn you away." 
He had hugged the boys." 
"Find Julian, here's a map." He had pressed the piece of paper into Kelvin's hand. "Tell him I sent you. Don't be afraid to tell him about yourselves, he's not afraid of those kind of things. Now you have to go. I'd best get back to my family. Until the commune knows you left, it ain't safe for them."
This boy they were following looked like one of those Wild-Folk, like how Ben had described Julian. He was nervous in the city, the way he stuck to the edge of the street under the awnings, and preferred covered streets and alleys to the open square. The boy kept his eyes down and never interacted with the people in the market.
"Dis!" someone yelled. 
The boy cheered up instantly.
A woman with a bright smile and a long, sandy braid ran over to put her arm over the boy's shoulder. She walked with him, poking him in the ribs, laughing and tousling his hair. Like a big sister, Kelvin thought, though the girl was at least ten calendars older than Kelvin, old enough to be the boy's mother, but probably not.
Judging from her comfortable stride and the way she laughed and said hello to everyone as she walked, she had to be a Lexingtonian. But she looked a little more like a Dutch-Russian, not dark skinned and curly-haired, though even among Dutch-Russians yellow hair was rare. There weren't many like her here. It struck Kelvin that she was fit and pretty, even though she was still much older than him.
The two laughed and joked a while then got serious when the boy began relating a story to the energetic woman. Her brow furrowed and she looked about nervously, removing her arm from his shoulder and rubbing her thigh as she walked. She clasped her hands together and gestured rapidly as she talked, as though the problem were a lump of dough that could be kneaded to a more manageable consistency. 
"Maybe we don't have to get into in this," said Kelvin. He didn't realize he had spoken aloud until Dade's muffled voice answered him from the backpack.
"Julian Reeves is all we've got. If he can't help us, it's back to starving."
Kelvin wanted to say it wasn't true, that he could find work in the city but one of the market vendors had heard noises coming from the backpack and was staring. He stopped talking and quickened his pace. 
The boy and the woman had gone into one of the residential complexes in the base of the dome. It was just like Julian Reeves' apartment complex but on the other side of the square.
Kelvin hurried down the ramp into dome-base and caught sight of them just as they turned a corner. There was a flicker of a shadow around the next bend. At the next turn he saw nothing, but ran toward the intersection at the end of the hall. When he got there he looked both ways. They were gone.
"Right," Dade said, his voice muffled in the backpack. Kelvin felt the weight of Dade's mental exertion as his brother reached out to Atlas. 
"They're going into a room," Dade narrated. "I can't see inside, but I'll bet there's a camera. Maybe if I try harder."
"No!" Kelvin was still tired from the run-in with the Adder, and before that the fight at Ben's farm.
It often seemed that Kelvin bore the brunt of the strain when Dade used his powers. He knew that Dade wanted to help and sharing the load between their two bodies seemed to give Dade an advantage over other Users, but sometimes the price of Dade's abilities was more than Kelvin wanted to pay. 
Dade pointed the way and Kelvin followed. They stopped at an automated door, much like the one they had stood outside of at Julian Reeves' apartment.
"So you're just gonna' knock?" Dade said, "what happened to wait and grab him?"
"We wanted to know what happened to Julian. They can tell us."
"Could be dangerous."
"I'm tired of sneaking around."
Kelvin went to knock. He hesitated a second, remembering the last time he had stood outside a door.
Kelvin felt Dade reach out to Atlas again, straining harder this time. 
"Careful," he said. His knees wobbled a little but he caught himself. After another long strain Dade relaxed.
"They're alone...and she'd not an Adder. I checked. I can open the door too."
"No!" Kelvin said, Dade's abilities were making him very tired, "I'll knock. Oh and Dade."
"Yeah Kelv?"
"Will you let me know next time, before you do it?" He meant before Dade used his abilities.
"Humph," Dade pouted.
"You know it's hard on me too. I'm trying to be nicer to you than I used to be."
Dade zipped the backpack all the way shut. Kelvin decided not to remind him to stay hidden, better to let him pout in there a while. He wanted to talk about Dade eating food again, but that fight could wait until the inevitable bathroom break.
Kelvin knocked on the door and waited.

¤))
Double-Secret

The inside of the small apartment was the same as all the others. A small blue-ish table with small blue-ish chairs of light metal and plastic took up half of the kitchen. To the left of the kitchen, an open door led into a bedroom with an adjoining bath. The kitchen table was pushed against the wall. 
Disnee sat against the opposite wall in one of the flimsy chairs. In the middle of the room sat the twins who had introduced themselves as Kelvin and Dade. Kate pulled a chair over from the table and sat next to Dade and Kelvin, facing the side of them so that she could look at and speak to both.
"So, you wanted to talk to me about what again?" she leaned to the left and then the right, smiling and looking each of them in the eyes.
Kelvin didn't like this. "This could have been easier," he said, "but somebody had to make noise in the backpack."
"Oh it's okay," Kate squeezed Kelvin's shoulder, and leaned over to peek at Dade, who smiled and winked, "there are all types of people in New Lexington. Everyone is a little different. You shouldn't have to hide inside a backpack."
"See Kelvin," said Dade, "everyone's a little different."
Kelvin frowned. Disnee, who sat across from Kelvin attempted a timid smile but got none in return.
"We're here because we need to talk to him." Kelvin pointed at Disnee. The weak grin dropped from the boy's face. 
"Me?"
"Him?" Kate's eyebrow shot up, "I thought you wanted to talk about something with the newspaper."
"Not really."
"Disnee?" Kate was waiting for an explanation from Dis but he kept quiet. "What did you two want to talk to him about?"
"We were wondering," Kelvin began, "there's this um, well, she, we couldn't help seeing, when we were at work this morning, well it all started when we had to leave home, not our first home, but we were living in some other place." Finally Dade cut him off.
"We want to know who's the blind girl."
Kelvin tensed and looked at Kate as if she too would kick him in the head like the woman with the Addware had.
"I don't know her. I just met her," Disnee said.
"Dis, be quiet," Kate snapped, but stayed cheerful when she addressed the brothers, "How do the two of you know this woman that you're asking about?"
"Her name's Bee-tris," said Disnee.
"Dis, hush," Kate put her finger to her lips, "we don't know these boys yet, let's let them do the talking first. So how do you know Betrix?"
Dade was the first to speak. 
"She was at our friend Julian's apartment." Both Disnee and Kate's faces lit up at the mention of Julian. Kelvin pinched him. Dade fell quiet, looking dejected.
"Do you know where he is?" Kate asked, "Julian I mean."
"No," Kelvin answered, "we don't actually know him."
"Your brother just said he was a friend."
"Well, Ben sent us to Julian's place, he said Julian could help us find work here."
"Hmm, I don't know any Ben."
"He said he helped Julian a long time ago when he came to Lexington."
"I've heard something about an old farmer."
"Ben's not that old," said Dade.
"He's pretty old," Disnee said from his seat against the wall. Kate turned as if to scold Dis again, and Kelvin looked confused. Disnee shrugged. "He helped me too. That's how I know Julian."
"Dis, would you hush up," Kate said. "They don't need to know your life story."
"You should go back and work for him," Dade yelled over Kelvin's shoulder, "he needs help with the farm."
"That's true," Kelvin said, "Ben said they were having a lot of trouble with the crops, they could use the help."
"No, I...I..." Disnee shuffled his feet and stared at the floor.
"We need Disnee here," said Kate, "with Julian and Spanner gone, things at the paper are going to be rough for a while. If the government ever releases the building and lets us re-open."
"Who's Spanner?" Dade asked.
"He worked under Julian. The two were close, until Spanner got promoted. I don't think either had anything to do with the murders. Julian was caught up in some trouble and he ran. I've seen the room it happened in. The shot came through the window. And Julian wouldn't have killed two guards. No. He wouldn't. I don't know what happened, but I'm going to find out. And I don't care if you are a spy for the High Governor, because I don't have anything to hide."
"No one sent us here," said Kelvin.
"I bet Betrix killed that General." Dade said loudly. Kate leaned to the side and looked at Dade, then to Disnee who seemed a little scared. 
"She told Disnee that she was a friend of Julian's," said Kate.
"Then why'd she jump on us at Julian's place," Dade argued. Kelvin nudged Dade to remind him to be quiet.
"She what?" Kate looked at Dis again. He seemed even more unsettled. "Dis told me this Betrix was a blind woman."
"She wasn't blind when she jumped out of Julian's apartment. I did that," Dade grinned.
"No you didn't," Kelvin said, he elbowed his brother to be quiet.
"Wait, how did you manage to put her eyes out. I'm a little confused." She leaned left then right, lifting an eyebrow to each in turn, then to Disnee who shrugged. He didn't understand either.
"I didn't put her eyes out, she's an Adder I just shut off her eye Add. Ouch." Kelvin had reached back and pinched Dade.
"Wait." Kate got up and walked over to the bedroom. Kelvin leaned over and watched her open a dresser drawer and dig through some underclothes. Women wore different underclothes. He saw Disnee was looking at him and he glared at the boy until he looked down and went back to twirling his thumbs. 
Kelvin saw Kate pull something dark and heavy from the drawer, and swallowed hard. It looked like a weapon, she set it on the top of the dresser on a pile of underclothes and pulled out a pen and a bundle of notebooks. She untied the bundle and removed one notebook, shoving the rest back in the drawer. Then putting the weapon and underclothes back inside, she shut the drawer.
"Dade, I do the talking okay," Kelvin whispered. When Dade didn't answer he nudged him. "Okay?"
"Fine."
Kate came back into the kitchen and patted Disnee on the head. He smiled a bit but kept his eyes on the ground. She walked over and did the same to Dade, who panted in a way that made Kelvin uncomfortable. Kelv frowned harder at Disnee who was determined to keep his eyes down, twirling his thumbs faster and shuffling his feet back and forth on the aluminum floor.
"Okay." She opened the notebook and put pen to paper, writing a heading. "Start over. You said you shut-off her eye Adds?" 
Kelvin answered her. "We broke it. We were at Julian's and she just jumped out and was kickboxing like they do in Tokyo2 but I fought her and we got away. Oh and I hit her in the eyes and she was blind."
"That's all you know of her then, until today?
"Yes."
"Dade, is there anything else you remember? Maybe you can give us a little more detail. Did you notice anything else while your brother was breaking her Addware and getting away?"
"He doesn't know anything," Kelvin said. "We saw her at Julian's then we saw her with Dis and followed him here. I don't even know why she matters, if Julian's gone he can't help us so we should go too." He stood up like he was about to leave.
"Kelvin didn't fight her. I did." Kelvin laughed, but elbowed Dade to be quiet.
"That's funny."
"No really, he's lying. I fought her, Kelvin was running away."
Now Kate laughed. "That is funny Kelvin. But I believe it, Dade did say he hit her before, so you got knocked around and she got in behind you and Dade must have clocked her good to make her eye Add go out."
"Yeah I did. I wouldn't hit a pretty girl you know, but she was a real scrap kickboxer too."
"She must have been pretty strong to make a big tough boy like Kelv here run away." She leaned over to look at Kelvin and gave his bicep a squeeze before leaning back to Dade's side with her notepad. She was much older than Kelvin but still it made him blush. He blew air out his nostrils and harrumphed, he decided it was best to sit back down.
"It didn't happen like that," Kelvin grumbled. 
"So how did it happen," Kate asked, leaning his way again, "if you're so tough?" 
Kelvin didn't turn to answer her, he stared straight ahead and glared some more at Disnee, who was starting to wish he had sat on the opposite side of this polarized twin-person.
"No," Kelvin said, "we were waiting outside. No one was there. We were leaving. She jumped out and kickboxed professional, but we broke her eyes and got away."
"I did it," Dade insisted, he waved his little arms to get Kate's attention, "I could feel her Addware and I shut it down, ouch!" Kelvin had reached around and pinched Dade but it didn't stop him from talking.
"Shut her down?" Kate was writing in the spiral notebook. Kelvin considered getting up and leaving but stayed put, his glare pinning Dis to the chair. Finally Dis found it unbearable. He coughed, got up and went into the bathroom.
"Dade," Kelvin said, "Hush up, we don't even need to be here. We didn't need Julian's help and if everyone thinks he killed someone that's probably why this Bee-trix was after us, she's probably a police."
"Kelv didn't hit her," Dade continued, "I could see her inside the apartment and she looked angry so I told Kelv to leave before she came out."
"She couldn't see you?"
"But Kelv didn't fight her at all, she jumped out and smacked him right in the head and she would've killed us or something but I shut off her Addware."
"You shut them off?"
"Other Users don't know how but I do, ouch!" The last pinch was so hard Kelv felt it himself, but it was too late, the word was out. Dis had been coming back into the room but froze in the doorway, eyes moon-wide at the mention of the word "User." Kelvin turned to see Kate's reaction but her eyes were in the notebook. She finished filling the page, adding the word User after the last bullet point as calmly as if she were making a grocery list. 
Kelv glowered as Kate wrote a few last notes at the bottom of the paper in a hand too looped and curling to make out exactly what it said. He couldn't read anyhow. She dotted the last line, underlined one word several times and shut the pen in the cover, folding her hands on her lap and returning Kelvin's red faced scowl with a matronly nod.
"Well there it is," she said, "I guess none of us know any more about this woman."
"Nope," said Dade, "none of us."
"But this one does." Kate pointed to Disnee who slipped back into his chair. "I'll trust you boys to keep anything that is said in this room a secret."
"Double secret!" Dade answered. Kelvin nodded. 
"Okay then. Here, first, stand up. Okay let's drag this table into the middle of the room so we can all sit around it. You two can sit sideways right?"
"It's okay Miss Kate," Dade was always raising his voice to make sure he was heard. "I'm used to it. Kelv can sit normal, I'll listen."
"Aren't you corn-sweet." It made Dade blush. He couldn't help thinking of the big billboard that overhung one of the outlying farm-pods: a busty blonde-haired girl with pigtails, holding two big pitchers of liquid, with the words "Get Your Sweet! Halva-Quart!" That billboard had always been his favorite.
"He's fine." Kelvin pushed his chair up to the table. Dade faced the door. Kate took the opposite seat and motioned Disnee over to the middle spot.
"Disnee, you said you gave her a note. Where did you get the note?" 
The boy shuffled over and sat in the chair, a little farther from Kelvin and closer to Kate.
"A lady gave it to me."
"What kind of lady?"
"She was old like you." Kate raised an eyebrow, she was old for a Lexingtonian, but if you made it past thirty without the tumors you were counted lucky. Kate still thought of herself as young and healthy. Unlike many over thirty calendars, Kate still had all of her teeth. "Hull don't make toothbrushes just for toes" was her grandmother's saying. She decided that Disnee's nerves were already thin, she would be gentle with him.
"So she was my age, or older?"
"Not older, not like Ben." Kate had never met Ben but from Julian and Dis she estimated Ben had at least forty calendars. In her home farming pod, where some great grandmothers reached as old as seventy calendars, this would have been considered middle aged, but around New Lexington, few elders lived past fifty.
"What did she look like?" Kate asked.
"I don't know. Like Dutch-Russian"
"Was she tall or short?"
"Tall."
"What was her hair like?"
"Umm, she had...not curly, and black."
"And her skin?"
"Sort of white, pink skin, like you Kate but her hair was different."
"Was she Tokyo2an?"
"I don't think so, but she did talk funny."
"So Dutch-Russian then?"
"Maybe."
"We saw Dutch-Russians in Tokyo2," said Kelv.
"Was she pretty?" Dade asked, a little loudly.
"I...I don't know." Disnee looked distressed.
"And the note she gave you," Kate asked, ignoring the brothers' comments, "what did it say?"
"I didn't read it."
"How did she find you in the first place?"
"I was going to Sebastian's, by Julian's place a few days ago, she stopped me and told me to bring the note to the cafeteria."
"Sebastian?
"I met him last week. He's um, he gives me money, or candies when I go to the market for him."
"He doesn't have anything to do with this does he?"
"I don't think so."
Kate sighed, "Disnee, you really need to stop this working for strangers. We pay you enough, you don't have to go out and get in trouble."
Disnee shrank a little in his chair.
"I'm sorry Miss Kate," he said.
"Did the woman say why she couldn't give the note herself?"
"She said she had to meet someone."
"That was all?" she asked.
"Yes," said Disnee.
"Do you remember anything else about her?"
"No."
"This woman sounds like she's not from here," said Kate, "and Betrix, if she worked for the guardsmen or the soldiers she wouldn't need our help. I think there's someone else who killed the General. Right before you knocked Kelv, Dis was telling me she wants him to help her get to Tokyo2. I say we take this Betrix where she wants to go. Dade, you handled her before. Would you come, in case there's trouble? The newspaper can pay you."
Dis looked startled again and Dade shouted, "Let's do it!" Kelvin shook his head no.
"We just left Tokyo2. It's not safe for us to go back there." Dis nodded vehemently and agreed with Kelvin.
"Not safe, no not one bit," Dade said.
"You should let her go," Kelvin said to Kate, "forget about the Bee-trix and stay here where it's safe. And I should go beg for my job back. Dade's gotten me into enough trouble already." Kelvin stood up to leave.
"I'll pay you double. And you can work for the newspaper when we come back."
"We'll take it!" Dade said. 
Kelvin shook his head again.
"Shut up Dade. Double what?"
"I'll pay you double the rate for merchant-trader escorts. You don't have to go into Tokyo2 when we get there. Stay in the camps outside the city gate. We'll pay for a nice room there. And when we get back to Lexington, I'll help you find an apartment here and you can work for me. The pay for that isn't much, but you can sleep in the newspaper building. And nobody has to find out that you're a User."
"That's a lot of money. Why do you want to help her anyway?" Kelvin meant Betrix.
Kate thought for a moment and looked at Disnee. She reached out and patted his head.
"The High Governor closed the newspaper after the shooting. That was days ago and they still haven't opened the building. They took Spanner in for questioning and nobody has heard from him since. I've been to the Governor's office and I keep getting the same answer, the investigation is not done until they catch Julian and the paper won't be opened until it's finished. We're all just waiting. We should be trying to find out who did this but no one wants to make trouble and be arrested like Spanner. 
But I'm not waiting. If this woman knows something about what happened to Julian, and I think she does, then I'm going to follow her. We'll offer to take her where she wants to go and learn about her on the way. She's the onely lead we have. We'll tell her it's a routine trip, to check on the Lexington branch of the newspaper, but really we're going there to watch her, where she goes and who she talks to. She might even lead us to Julian. And you boys, I need you around to keep her blind, she's easier to control like this. And it wouldn't hurt to have a couple of strong boys in the group. Kelvin, she hasn't heard your voice right? Did you talk to her?"
"No, she didn't. Dade yelled at her. She heard his voice."
"Dade you'll have to stay hidden. You stopped her before and we may need you again. Disnee, you need the paper to open just as much as I do and we owe Julian to try and help him, so you're coming. What do you think Kelvin, will you help us?"
His stomach grumbled, speaking for him.
"I'm gonna need some vegetable pies first." Kelvin felt like a smooth negotiator. Dade cheered and clapped his hands. "But none for this one." He pointed behind his back.
"Aw come on Kelv!"
 "That's the deal. I'll go along but, I do all the eating here." 

¤))

Chimpanzee

Julian had been walking in the viaduct for two days and had already gone through most of his food. When he first came to New Lexington, he couldn't understand how city people ate so much food so quickly. Now he had gone through a week's worth of travel rations in half that time.
He was moving slowly, cradling his injured arm with the other and resting often. The jacket of The King was warm but a little heavy, with its swaying, glittering jewels. There were signs of Sebastian's passage early on: the discarded water bottle, food wrappers, tire marks. 
By now Sebastian was probably also out of food and water. He imagined coming up on the pitiful sight of Sebastian slumped over his cart, begging for something to eat. Would I help him or let him rot? Running his tongue along his broken teeth he decided he would let him rot. Though he would hate to be alone if he ran into the people who lived in the connector. Julian refused to think about what would happen if he faced the Wind-People alone.
The viaduct was a moist and shadowy tunnel, round and poorly lit, it was roughly thirty feet in diameter and the entire circumference was crowded with wires and conduit. There were pipes and tubes from several feet in diameter to a few inches. The bundles of cable hung from the ceiling or lay haphazard along the floor. They ran the entire length of the passage and took up most of the space inside. The walkway was a narrow grate, suspended above floor crowded with pipes and cables and a small trickle of water that would have made for slow and miserable walking. The walkway was sparsely lit by dim red lights and flickering pressure gauges. Sometimes miles passed in total darkness. In this pitch black, the insubstantial walkway was easy to navigate by the handrail, though low-hanging cables sometimes smacked him in the face.
Julian clicked his tongue as he walked, a trick his father had taught him, listening to  the echo. It was harder with a hole in his cheek but a lifetime of practice allowed him to get a feel for his surroundings by the way sound bounced off of them. It wouldn't stop him tripping over a stray cable but he would know if the floor suddenly gave way or if a large passage opened to one side. All the while there was the slow trickle of water and  the smell of sewage seeping from one of the old pipes. 
Ahead, the soft glow of bluebread fungus shone from behind a large bundle of cable. The fungus grew especially well in these dark, damp areas that smelled of rats and sewage. At one especially tight point, when the pipes crowded in on the walkway Julian dropped his pack, removed the king's rhinestone jacket and climbed over the railing onto a nearby cluster of heavy conduit. He hopped down to the big, round sewage pipe to pick some of the bluebread for his dinner. It had been several calendars since he had eaten bluebread and he hoped it wouldn't make him sick. Getting over the railing and onto the pipe had been easy. Without using the injured shoulder, he lowered himself to the floor of the viaduct to reach one especially large bluebread loaf. Something small and hairy scurried out of the way when he hopped down, probably a station-rat. He thought to catch and eat it but he was in no condition to chase dinner and there wasn't time to set snares. No time? He thought. You have all the time on Atlas. But he had decided to keep moving. If he reached the Wilds he might settle in for a bit.
Julian picked as much fungus as he could carry and stuffed the bluebread into the front of his shirt. When he went to lift himself back onto the large pipe he found that it wasn't possible with one hand. Trying both, the pain returned to his shoulder and Julian winced. He crouched a minute, holding the arm tight to his body and rocking back and forth until it subsided. The rat skittered by again.
Julian drew a labored breath and rose to his feet. The pipe he had jumped down from was head height and would have been easy to scramble up on with two arms but not with just the one. Getting back to the walkway would be tricky. Then something else moved, farther down the tunnel. Julian knew instinctively what it was.
"Hey!" he called out. He clanged the stun baton against the pipe and the scurrying stopped momentarily. Then he heard the chimpanzee jump from the conduit bundle and drop over the railing, softly landing on the walkway.
"Hey, get!" he yelled and rapped the baton against the pipe. It echoed up and down the corridor. The feet stopped for a second then resumed. Moving faster now, it padded up to his pack and ripped it open, hooting. Julian heard something clatter between the holes in the grate and splash into the water at the bottom of the viaduct. Thinking quickly, he got onto his back and shimmied underneath the pipe and bundles of sagging, muck-covered wires. When he was past the larger pipe and underneath the walkway, there was space enough to stand, ankle deep in the filthy water. 
Julian ran to the spot underneath where the chimp was rifling through his things, dumping spare clothes and canned goods from his pack. The chimp smacked a can of spammed-meat against the railing until it opened and shoved the contents into its mouth then gathered the last few cans in its arms. Julian jabbed the baton at its feet and pressed the trigger, careful not to let his head brush against the metal walkway as he discharged the weapon.
The chimp howled in surprise and dropped the canned foods. It leaped into the air and climbed onto the bundle of conduit, scurrying away and scolding Julian as it went.
Though he hadn't touched the electrified walkway, being soaking wet and ankle deep in watery sewage, the electrical discharge had found its way to Julian and he slipped and fell, cursing himself for being careless so soon after having just shocked himself in the museum.
Julian rubbed the back of his head and sat up in the water. Everything was still dark except for the faint glow of bluebread in the front of his shirt. Lying in water, Julian felt thirsty.
Julian was accustomed to hunger and thirst. He knew better than to drink the water here. Here even the condensation on the bottom of the pipes was contaminated with rat and cockroach feces. The trickle at the bottom of the viaduct came from a cracked sewage pipe somewhere. He wondered if there were really enough Lexingtonians with working toilets to produce such a steady trickle of foul water. 
He also wondered where it went. He knew that sewage from the toilets traveled through the pipes and wound up in a much different form in the fertilizer units of the farming pods. In the dome they had to move and compost fertilizer themselves, but the communes were lucky. Atlas made compost for them.
While he lay in the sewage and waited for the pain to subside, Julian remembered a story Ben had told him calendars ago. It was a Lexingtonian folk-tale about a city girl who fell in love with a farm pod boy. At the time, writing was thought to be evil and was banned in New Lexington, along with Addware. One day, the girl's parents caught her writing in a journal and flushed the book down the toilet. The boy lived in a distant farm pod and found the journal in his commune's fertilizer tank. He fell in love with the shape of the handwriting, with its loops and curls, and taught himself to read so he could fall in love with the girl's words. After reading the journal two or three times, the boy decided to run away from home and search for the girl in the city that she had described so beautifully 
When he found her and returned the journal, the girl was so grateful that she fell in love with the boy immediately. But the girl's parents discovered the journal and sent the boy back to his commune.
They were forbidden to see one another, but the girl flushed messages down the toilet in hopes that they would reach the boy as the journal had. She asked the boy to run away with her, she couldn't bear to live without him. When the boy read her messages he left immediately, but arrived too late. The girl hadn't known that it took weeks for the sewage to turn into fertilizer. Thinking her love had abandoned her, she had taken her own life. 
Rather than blame the boy, the girl's parents had a request for him: teach them to read her journals, so they could hear their daughter's voice again. This was how writing was brought to Lexington. That was the story, though Julian hadn't met many readers when he moved to the city. Most of the newspaper's readership had learned from Julian. 
As he lay there and recovered, he listened for the chimpanzee. Tell your friends not to mess with me, monkey. He wondered if Sebastian was thinking of food and water when he chose this route. The main corridor would have had farming pods at least for a while. 
Julian stood and removed his clothing one article at a time, wringing the water from each. His nose curled at the stink of the sewage. As he dried himself and re-dressed in the clammy articles he thought of the passage to the Istanbul Connector. As long as anyone who traveled could remember, a heavy metal door had barred the main passage a little less than halfway to the connector. Rumor was that the passage on the other side of the door was vented to the outside with no air to breathe, that generations ago someone had gotten ahold of a government cutting torch and attempted to cut into a blocked passage somewhere farther down, only to cause their own hallway to depressurize, triggering the door, which blocked the passage now and sealing the poor soul inside the rapidly depressurizing hallway.
That was the story New Lexingtonians told their children to discourage them from leaving the city or exploring the old structures on the outskirts of town. The colonies and outposts had similar stories and were reluctant to stray far from their own villages and farming pods.
Julian, being from the Wilds and born a scavenger, had stories that would make the tellers of those ones run and hide. He also knew, as General Hewlett and those who traveled in the Rhine knew, that there was a way around this uninhabitable section. Still there was good reason for people to stay in their villages. Julian would have to be on guard now that the chimpanzees knew of his presence. At least they were smaller here than the apes in the Wilds. And any beast was better than people. Julian feared people most of all, the hungrier the fiercer, and there were few people hungrier than Rhine-Folk.  
Reaching around in the low light of the bluebread, he found the baton and fished in the muck for the items that had fallen through the grate, a wake-up inhaler and a few no-sleep tablets which he swallowed, hoping they would alleviate the pounding in his head and allow him to reach the connector before the end of the following day. They would probably wear off before then. Wish I had more. 
The ancient peoples must have never slept, he figured, nor felt much of anything, judging by the massive stockpiles of meds they kept around. Even when New Lexington had used up every other resource, there would still be no-sleeps and wake-up inhalers left unused. There was always a new warehouse of coughing syrup being discovered and traders coming in from the colonies were always bringing more of the black no-sleep tablets or the single-use wake-up inhalers.
Carefully, Julian lifted himself on top of the wobbly bundle of conduit he had squeezed underneath of a few minutes earlier. From this side he was able to scramble on top of the sewage pipe. It was just high enough to get his one good arm around the railing and throw a leg up. His shoulder made him wince, but he managed to roll over the edge and onto the walkway again. He gritted his teeth and breathed sharp inhales until the pain subsided. 
The scabbed-over tip of his nose had reopened and dripped on the grate. The smell of infection was in it and his cheek was tender, hot and red around the opening there. He hoped it wouldn't get any worse. The smell turned his stomach and he lay very still until the no-sleep kicked in. Then, sitting up, he retrieved his only other shirt from the duffel and removed the damp, fetid-smelling one, turning it into a sling for his arm, binding it tightly to his body in case he had to do any more climbing. He hoped someone in the next village would know how to set the shoulder, wondered if it was worth the risk? No people. He thought. People are hungry.
He wondered how Sebastian was faring. There had been two places so far, where a section of the walkway was collapsed and Sebastian would have had to climb down and carry his scooter and all his supplies to the other side. The thought of Sebastian having to wade through sewage while chimpanzees tried to steal his Helikon Twincakes made Julian chuckle.
Thinking of the chimps again, Julian pulled the now-soggy bluebread from his shirt. It wasn't edible anymore but it would provide just enough light to see by if he had to defend himself again. He wrapped it all together with a wire from his pack and hung the bluebread bundle around his neck?
Julian rummaged around until he found another antique from his childhood, his father's flashbox. It was a square black device that used rare double A batteries, the kind that were hard to find and only worked in antiques. The box could release a single bright burst of light and captured an image of whatever it flashed on a built-in screen. Julian refused to look at the old images. 
Most of the images were startled predators or bandits who had been caught off guard by the flash, moments before their skulls were bashed in by his father's massive hands. Batteries were too valuable to be wasted for nostalgic purposes and there was no reason to look back at snarling dogs and chimpanzees, deadmen and dark empty passages that been flashed for illumination. But it wasn't just the batteries, or the images of bared fangs and lonely caverns that kept Julian from looking through the flashbox inventory. He knew somewhere near the beginning was the image of a woman in an earth-green dress, standing in a field of sweetgrass, her hair blowing in the wind, a child in her arms. She was smiling and holding the baby's hand to wave at the flashbox. The dome above her was blue unlike any city-dome or farming pod Julian had seen. There was a later picture of Julian and his father, somewhere deep-station, spear-in-hand, smiling and standing atop a giant gold-maned beast he that had just slain. The image after that was young Julian, holding his father's spear, pretending he had slain the monster. Good memories, but painful nostalgia that had been long buried, replaced now by all-nighters at the paper,  times spent happily with Spanner and Kate, days in the fields with Ben. 
If not for the images in the flashbox, those old memories would have stayed buried. Without the permanence of the images, some might have been forgotten. Julian would have smashed the thing long ago, but something had told him he would need it if he ever entered the depths of the station again. He had hoped this would never come to pass. But here he was, heading toward that place that he feared the most.
Julian opened his pack again and fished out two more things: a tooth on a lanyard, this he tied around his neck; and a blade, wrapped in a leather sheath. It was the same blade that had been lashed to the tip of the spear in the old photo. Not drawing the blade, not wanting to look at it, he tied it to his belt alongside the holster of the stun baton.
Now, having arranged himself, Julian donned the heavy jeweled jacket, painfully shouldered his duffel bag and carefully rose to his feet. He was feeling better. The pain in his face and shoulder had subsided thanks to the no-sleep tablets. Julian pushed his glasses up and started walking. He picked his reporter's hat off the ground, tilting it on his head. He glanced hungrily at the ruined, glowing bluebread dangling from his backpack strap. He would try to gather more later on, if he found a suitable place to climb down from the walkway, and a way to keep his duffel safe from the chimpanzees, which he knew waited just out of sight.

¤))

Stubbornness

When Betrix rented the small room on the third floor, she had been irritated that there was only a single, flickering light and each time she came and went she'd had to adjust the sensitivity of her Addware. Now that didn't matter. Blind anyhow, she was practicing navigation, negotiating the room by touch. She had fashioned a cane out of some scrap conduit and by waving it in front of her like the blind men she had seen in Tokyo2 she practiced moving about the room without stumbling into chairs and furniture.
The cane produced a different sound when it tapped against different objects. It was different against a chair than a table. A table sounded different than a wall. The hearing Add helped with this. She wondered if a wall made a different sound than a door. Tapping over to the bathroom, she found that the door did sound different. Not that it will do you much good if you're lost in the Rhine.
Just making it to the cafeteria had been difficult. She had tripped over every curb and trash-pile on the way. And you'd have walked right by it if you hadn't smelled the food. Her stomach grumbled. Food can wait.
Betrix turned up the sensitivity of her hearing Add. It was comforting that she had one sense that was still powerful. She could hear the soft bottoms of her footpads brushing against the floor as she shuffled into the bathroom. Should have paid extra for a working toilet. The sound was different in here, she could guess at the size of the room around her, and how full or empty it was. She turned her hearing up higher and listened to the drip of water somewhere within the walls. 
Back in the main room she turned the implant higher and listened to the rustle of her clothing, someone was shouting upstairs, her sink dripped, someone climbed the stairwell down the hall, more footsteps passing by outside. She managed a complete circuit of the room, stopping to lift a chair out of her way. The chair didn't feel so heavy as it had yesterday, her real muscles were growing in strength. Setting the cane on the table she held the chair with both hands, raising it higher. Her arms shook unsteadily.
When she was just old enough to walk, Betrix's father had given her a backpack and brought her off to market to sell cheeseplums. Betrix would spread a little blanket on the ground in the market. Her father could not sell the plums himself. "The Dutch-Russians will buy from their own before they buy from an outsider," he told her, "but they aren't heartless. They will buy from a child, even one who does not look like they do." Her people had lived beyond Istanbul Dome in the time before The Bomb. Nothing was remembered of their heritage but they had neither the tight curls and brown skin of the Lexingtonians, nor the straight black hair and pale skin of the Tokyo2an people. Their appearance was something in-between, but their homeland had been lost with The Bomb, and even that was just a story.
Her father had said that the Dutch-Russians would kick his fruits and chase him off but a little girl would be allowed and might sell more than a Tokyo2 farmer could. He would sit at the cafe down the street and nurse a cup of tea the entire day, never letting her out of his sight. Then they would return home and prepare to make the trip again.
 Betrix's arms wouldn't lift the chair any higher and she set it on the ground and leaned against it. One, she counted.
The first day that Betrix had walked to market alongside her father, he had given the little girl a cheeseplum to carry and he had carried the rest. The next day he gave her two. In a week she carried ten in her little pack. At twenty plums she cried and threw a tantrum, threatened to smash them all before she would carry another. Her father, not scolding, had scooped her up in his arms and carried her and her cheese plums as well as his own pack, all the way to market. And all along he told her how proud he was, what a strong daughter he had, and how proud that she would carry one more cheese plum every day. One more every day, he had said said, and they would build a beautiful future for her with the money they earned.
She had believed what he told her---she loved her father and threw no more tantrums and carried one more cheese plum every time they went to market. By the time she was thirteen she was carrying twice what her father, who was an old man now, could carry himself. As they walked they would talk of the great future she would have, a farm all her own in a pod near her father's with a good man and fine, strong children, each carrying twice as much as she could. And she and her children would have a commune all their own. There were empty farming pods in the Wilds, he told her. She and her family would carry their cheeseplum seeds and yellow rice and build a city all their own. With her savings they would buy clothing, medicines and farming implements and her beautiful family would be well taken care of in their new, beautiful home. 
Each time they walked to market they retold this story, sometimes it was a commune all their own, with twelve strapping sons. Sometimes three sons, and five daughters, and they would move to the dome-edge and farm in Dutch-Russia, or Tokyo2 or even Earth. The earth was a farming pod as far as you could see, with waters as wide as factory-floors and plants as tall as the dome. This was another legend of her people. Her future grew more brilliant and wondrous with each trip to market and they were happy and worked hard, and Betrix carried one more cheese plum every day.
Her father carried less and less as he grew older and became sick, and soon he was tending to the farm while she went off to market carrying enough for both of them. At thirty-eight he died just as her mother had ten calendars earlier, from tumors that slowly consumed his body. They ballooned first beneath his skin, pushed bones and joints out of place and over the course of weeks, then months his jaw stopped working and the tumors filled his mouth. Blind, deaf and unable to move he starved, or suffocated, or simply gave out. 
In this time, Betrix carried her father's failing body, first to Dutch-Russia, then Tokyo2 in search of help. She spent all of her savings on medicines and healing-Addware that turned out to be useless. In Tokyo2, Betrix met a strange woman whose body was completely filled with Addware. The woman told Betrix of a place where she might find help and she carried her father on one last journey. While passing by one of the Dutch-Russian colonies, Betrix was captured be some of the colony men and separated from her father. 
She'd freed herself but only after she had suffered at their hands. She found her father still alive, and taking him up in her arms pressed onward to the place inhabited by a tribe of Adders, called Corpse Eaters by the Tokyo2ans. These were the people who had first given Addware to the people of the domes and it was said they kept the most powerful for themselves. The Corpse Eaters did their best to help. Had she come to them sooner, with their Addware and great knowledge of anatomy, they might have saved him. But in the end she could only hold her father's hand, whisper that she loved him and tell him stories of the future she would build for herself and the family she would have. 
There had been no cure, no medicines, even the Adds weren't enough, just stubborn determination as far is it took them. And then he died and she was alone among the Corpse Eaters.
Betrix straightened from the chair and lifted it again. Just one more, she told herself. She raised it higher this time. Her arms shook, weakened knees knocked together, but she lifted until it was level with her head. Two. She let it fall. The chair's noise rang in her sensitive ears. Yesterday she had done two lifts when she returned from the cafeteria then fallen asleep, exhausted. 
One more every day. It was embarrassing but she was breaking a sweat just shuffling around and lifting chairs. But it felt good, like she was overcoming a long-suffered illness.
The first Add-on had come after her father died, and she was alone with those people, the Corpse Eaters, in that wretched place. She had carried him there looking for a cure but all her savings and all their repulsive Addware had only increased his agony. Now her own strength was failing. She was ill. It had been a hard road, one that left her broken and ashamed, but she had carried her father through the long, cold halls, fleeing wretched colony men. She had escaped them only because they underestimated her strength, but now they knew better. She would have to pass there again to go home, but for the time she was in this place for the dead, where only the Corpse Eaters lived. Their methods had failed to save her father and she was too weak to carry his body home. She asked them if she might stay for what little time she had left, better to die here than in the hands of the colony men.
But the Corpse Eaters were not like the colony men. They took pity on Betrix and her father, having lost many of their own to the tumors. They offered her the legs and arms, finer Addware than she had ever seen in Tokyo2, supple biometal that meshed neatly, but still very painfully with her own thighs, biceps and triceps. Then the Corpse Eaters gave her the coarse metal hands and feet so that she would not break her own against the soft skulls of the colony men, who were no doubt anticipating her return.
The pain of the bioweave had been too much and she had cried for them to stop, saying she would rather stay with her dead father in this cemetery, so far from her own home and when she died with him, the Corpse Eaters could have their Adds back. But the Corpse Eaters told her not to give up. The mothers among them came and stroked her hair and whispered in her ear, prayers and mantras, words they had read on the graves in their cemetery home. 
She thought of the Dutch-Russians who would kick her father's produce and chase him from their market, Tokyo2 doctors who had turned her away, and those wretched colonists who had taken in a tired girl and her dying father only to bind her in their commune hall and toss him in the gutter. They would have her still if her father had not raised her to be so strong. She hated them most of all and it was this bitter, bile-sour urge that awoke in her, this thinnest taste for retribution that spurned her on, and she agreed for the Corpse Eaters to violently install more Adds into her tortured body, biometal sleeves, that once slipped on, constricted and cut into her arms and legs sending tendrils into her muscle, by her blood, they burrowing deep until their roots fused with her bone, and reinforced that too. More went onto her back and torso, strengthening her spine. The hands were an older Addware: metal gloves that were was placed on top her own hand  and hammered upon until the device activated and cannibalized the tissue there to become her own. This process was repeated on the other hand and each of her feet. The eyes and ears would come calendars later.
Betrix had thanked the Corpse Eaters and set off to get her vengeance against the colonies. Not until she had gotten her revenge and then carried her father home, did she feel regret. It was not regret for what she had done, but regret because she had, for a moment, forgotten the man she carried in her arms, and had felt relief in that. 
She returned her beloved father to his home and buried him in his field. For a brief time she tried to keep the farm up, but Betrix with her numerous Adds was an outcast, the other farmers looked sideways at her when they came to pay their respects at her father's grave. They did not come back to see how she was doing. She dared not tell them how she was victimized in the colonies, that she had agreed to the Addware to protect herself and her father on the journey home. There was no explaining what she had done.
Betrix could not remain in her old life. She left for Tokyo2 where Adders were more common and quickly discovered the kickboxing arena. It suited her strength and she reveled in the physicality of it. The trauma of her past made it difficult for Betrix to be intimate with others, but fighting was a different kind of physicality. Of course she didn't think about why she enjoyed it. There was always a rush, and satisfaction to it: two athletes, beating each other to a pulp for sport. It helped that Betrix was good at it, but even in losing, she enjoyed the challenge. For the first time since her father had become sick, she had found happiness in the ring. And until recently that was where she had stayed.
Betrix realized she had been leaning for several minutes against the back of the chair. "One more every day," she whispered to herself, quietly because her hearing Adds were turned all the way up. Someone walked down the hall outside, a rat chased a cockroach in the ceiling overhead. She lifted the chair again, so light yet so heavy, first only chest high, puffing, gritting her teeth. She thought of her father weak and frail, consumed by tumors. All that remained of the man was her, and all that remained of her was struggling even to lift a chair without the help of her Addware. She forced it higher.  Now the chair was head height. A little more every day. "Three" she grunted, hoisting it the rest of the way over head.
*Bang, bang, bang!*
Someone was pounding the door. With her hearing Adds all the way up the noise was unbearable. The chair slipped from her crippled hands landined on her head and Betrix stumbled backwards covering her ears, the chair rattling to the ground rang in her ears also. Her back slammed against the kitchen sink but she managed to catch the edge and steady herself. Quickly she focused on the Add and mentally turned her hearing down.
*Knock knock knock!* At a normal volume the knocking at the door was almost timid, though her ears still rang from before.
"Come in!" she yelled, rising from where she was crumpled over the counter, she kicked at the toppled chair.
The manual door handle turned and opened. Dis peeked his head in and gasped. Behind him came the voice of a woman.
"Oh my are you alright?" Kate hurried over to help steady Betrix, who was shaky on her feet and clutching at her head.
"I'm fine." Betrix struggled into a chair. "Come in. Sit down."
The woman picked up the fallen chair and settled into it. Dis remained standing by the door.
"I'm Kate, you must be Betrix. Disnee told me about your condition."
Betrix remembered then that she was only wearing her shorts and a loose tank top. She straightened her outfit so nothing was showing and retrieved the shawl from the table and put it over her shoulders, tying the bright silk scarf around her eyes. Disnee coughed and stood just inside the door.
"Oh don't worry," Kate brushed her hand against Betrix's arm, "you look fine. I'm sorry we walked in on you. This won't take long."
"Okay," Betrix had no other clothes than these, they hadn't drawn many sidelong looks in Tokyo2 where people there were used to Adds and where the air was warmer and more humid. Few there wore much in the way of clothing, but she wondered how indecent she seemed to the more modest inhabitants of New Lexington.
If Kate was the woman whose lace under-clothes Betrix had found beneath Julian's bed, she was probably wearing some smart outfit with painted nails.
"So, Dis tells me you need some help."
"Um, yeah," she cleared her throat. Dis coughed nervously again and she pulled her shawl closed over the thin top. "Yes, I um, I got here with a trader. I was her escort actually, then I had this accident." She half wiggled her paralyzed fingers and waved her hand in front of her face, faking a smile in to seem good-humored about the whole mess. "So she found someone else and left me here."
"Oh my." Kate made the same high-pitched voice as when she had entered the room. Betrix couldn't tell if it was genuine surprise or false sympathy, maybe a little of both.
"Miss Kate," she said politely, "Dis said you might be able to help me?" Betrix was really milking her injury, playing up her weakness. Is it fake? You're weak as a pup. Even if she was, even if she did need this woman's help, a few days earlier she would have sooner starved than ask for help or call someone Miss.
"Yes." Kate sounded optimistic, "Disnee said you are friends with Julian."
"Yeah."
"How did you come to meet Julian?"
"I don't know if I should talk about it."
"Why not dear?" It took all of Betrix's patience to keep up her false smile.
"Oh you know, it's just, a um personal thing. It was nothing really, we're just friends now." Betrix knew she shouldn't jeopardize her chances of this woman helping her, but she couldn't help it. She decided she disliked this Kate and Betrix wanted to wedge a little lie in there, even if she risked being found out. For all she knew, this woman was his girlfriend. But the look of his apartment said Julian was single. "You know how it goes, I was escorting a trader, traveling all the time, you meet men, and Julian had traveled too, so we had a lot to talk about." She guessed that bit from the maps in his apartment and the awful cooking. "It didn't last long, but I drop in sometimes when I come to Lexington."
"Of course," Kate seemed unfazed by her story. Betrix wished she could read Kate's expression. "Julian always has enjoyed interesting people. And you certainly are interesting." 
Kate paused a moment, either Kate bought her story, or she was telling lies of her own. Betrix really wished she could see Kate's face. With her Addware she would be able to see the heat in the woman's cheeks if she was angry, cold if she was shocked. There was no lying to those eyes.
"Well, I'd like to help," Kate continued. "I don't know if Dis told you but I work for the newspaper with Julian. We run papers to Tokyo2 once a month and check in with our reporters there. I'll be going in a couple days and we'd be more than happy to take you, though it might mean hiring a bigger escort."
"I can help with that." Betrix pushed her chair back and shuffled over to the kitchen counter. She opened a drawer and retrieved a stack of Lexington dollars, separating a handful and shuffled back.
"This should be plenty," she said, spreading the stack on the table. 
Unlike the paper money used in other domes, Lexington dollars were plastic. And unlike other currencies, each dollar was unique from the others, its exact value was subjective. The cards had once been used for identification and each dollar contained the name, face and birthplace of an ancient citizen along with some words and numbers that had no meaning. The cards worked well for currency because they were durable, compact, and while there was always the possibility of discovering more, there was a limited number available at any one time. They only carried value in New Lexington and had only come into use relatively recently, so expeditions sometimes found them scattered in old bones or stacked in a corner, even in places without food or goods to salvage. 
Faces that were especially attractive or ugly, or races that no longer existed were especially valuable. Dollars with the symbol of foreign domes were collected as well, but Congress had declared that these dollars were worth only a fraction of those with the Lexington insignia. This was after foreign traders, whose domes didn't use the currency, started bringing large amounts of foreign cards, off-balancing Lexington's economy. 
Betrix couldn't guess the value of her stack, even when she could see she hadn't cared to look at the faces of the dead, just as she didn't care to consider who had worn her Addware before it was reclaimed by the Corpse Eaters.
"I'm sure this will cover you." Kate gathered them up and shoved them into her shirt pocket. "We'll handle the rest." Betrix could hear Kate tuck the dollars away without shuffling and looking at the pictures to determine their approximate value. Now that is suspicious, she thought. 
"So, is there anything else you need between now and then?" Kate's tone stayed compassionate but it was hard to read.
"Oh for now, I'm fine." Betrix hadn't thought that far ahead. "If Dis could come tomorrow and help me do some errands that would be good. And maybe today...some food?"
"Of course. Dis you can come and help Miss Betrix run a few errands tomorrow can't you?" Betrix couldn't see whether he nodded. "And I'll send you back later with some food."
"Thanks...thank you, so much." Maybe it was the hunger, but for a moment, she was genuinely grateful. 
"Well, you are very welcome." Kate stood up and pushed her chair in. "Anything for a good friend of Julian's." She paused for what seemed like an unusually long moment, "Now I'll leave you to get ready. I hope you'll be well enough to travel. You know how long the walk is."
"Yeah. I'll be okay. I know how long it is." But can I make it? Like this?
"I'm sure you do. Goodbye Miss Betrix." Kate lingered a moment next to the table then turned and walked out of the apartment. "Come on Disnee." She called after him.
"Goodbye Dis." Betrix smiled from where she sat at the kitchen table. "Close the door when you go. Please." The boy hesitated at doorway.
"Dis. Come on." Kate called from down the hall.
"Bye," he hiccuped, and shut the door.
Betrix chuckled, but her concern returned when she thought back to what had just transpired, trying to remember exactly what had been said, and why it had felt strange. Kate had asked hardly any questions, and hadn't challenged her lie about a romance with Julian. Everything had come out as she planned but Betrix couldn't shake the feeling that she had been the loser in the negotiation. Had she given Kate far too much money?  That wasn't it.
Betrix stood again and paced the room without the cane, feeling her way with shuffling footsteps once around the kitchen. Then she bumped into Kate's chair. Kate had made a show of pushing it in loudly so it should have been next to the table. But here it was, placed quietly and deliberately in the middle of the room for her to stumble over. What a catty, cockroach Hull-rotter, that Kate. No, Betrix decided right then, definitively, that this Kate was not to be trusted. One more, she thought, lifting the chair again. 
You're not a child Betrix. One more every day. She lifted the chair higher until her arms quivered and sweat drenched the silk blindfold. The shawl slipped from her shoulders and fell to the floor. Betrix gritted her teeth and sucked a harried a breath.
Something wasn't right with the plan, and she was not going to let herself be caught off-guard again. She strained once more, one last effort and the chair was overhead. She would hold it there until she collapsed. Then she would get up again and walk, in circles if she had to, until walking was easy again. If you can't dodge the punch. She recalled the words of her kickboxing instructor. Then you'd better can take the hit.

¤))

Outside Call Center

A building wind which tossed his hair about and tugged at his jacket was the first sign that Sebastian was approaching the Istanbul Connector. Beneath the high-pitched whine was a dull hum, like an animal lowering in the distance. He knew that as he drew closer, more tones would arise and blend into a cacophony as forceful as the great wind itself.
The viaduct had ended a day earlier and after cutting through a series of frustratingly narrow stairwells, side tunnels and dead ends, Sebastian was once again in a wide, flat, yellow service corridor. It was not the main passage but another wide one, lower in the structure of the first ring. Tightly-bound cables ran along the stained ceiling. Occasionally the strapping holding these cables was broken and they were strewn wildly across the floor like serpents, but for the most part the corridor was free of debris and it was a clear shot from here to the connector. Whenever terrain permitted he ran the throttle of the Red Baron wide open. He intended to put as much ground as possible between himself and the insufferable Julian.
A cool, humid air came with the breeze. It was a relief from the stifling warmth of the viaduct, but no less damp. Condensation on the warmer walls and ceiling grew green algae from the underside of back-lit ceiling panels. Small drifts of decayed matter collected against the walls and sprouted thin, leafless vines that curled up the side of water-stained walls toward the ceiling.
Sebastian was thirsty and he knew that this water dripping from the underside of the light panels was potable, but it wouldn't be long now before he reached the colony so he waited. Because Hewlett was using Call Center as a base for his incursions into the Wilds, the inhabitants would already know of his flight from the city. But if his intuition was right, the official report would mention only Julian Reeves and not muddle the story with multiple suspects. Any soldiers would be looking for him, but not the residents. 
As long as he stuck to the outskirts of and avoided any soldiers there was no need to worry. Until very recently, Call Center had been independent and had no loyalty to New Lexington.
These were lean times though, Call Center had grown as much as any other population, while food production had stayed the same. Hewlett's decision to use the Call Center as a staging area for his military campaign had not helped relations. The people of New Lexington were not supposed to know that Call Center or the Istanbul Connector existed, and so trade between the colony and the city was forbidden. Instead, the soldiery sent their own merchant to act as an intermediary.
It would take a hefty reward to put Sebastian at peril from the locals, and once he was deep-station there would be no Lexingtonian soldiers.
There was an intersection up ahead.
An ancient sign in large red letters told Sebastian that he had entered the outskirts of Call Center. Now to find a replacement for the useless Julian. He would stop in the town just long enough to hire an escort to help him through the connector, then be off before the soldiers learned of his presence.

¤))
Kindness of Strangers

Call Center was a mile back, up two flights of stairs and fifteen halls over. Julian would not be going there. After leaving the viaduct he chose a passage that bypassed the main entrance to the colony. He was certain there would be soldiers watching for him, probably patrolling these halls too. 
Julian and an old Call-man who had been through the connector many times, stood in the long, narrow room called the hangar and inspected a line of odd outfits and equipment. Fabric canopies, with a dome shape that could be collapsed or deployed to gain lift, rested against the wall. Hanging above these were heavy fabric coats, many layers thick to protect from the cold winds. Most of these were old and full of holes. Some of the jackets had small wings sewn beneath the arms, much like Julian's rhinestone jacket, with its colored fabric, fringed with tassels. Julian noticed that there was no tall-collared leather armor like the one the attendant wore. The man looked at him with concern.
"Senor, if you like, you can hire someone from the town to take you through the connector. And you know there is better equipment in Call Center."
 Lexingtonian was not the native tongue of the people of Call Center. They spoke a language of dome that had once existed beyond Istanbul, though its name was unknown even to its survivors. Julian nodded and smiled at the man, but raised a hand, dismissing the idea. This was the best he could do without running into soldiers. He looked through the poor selection of jackets and umbrellas. Julian ground his teeth, thinking how ill-suited this equipment was for what lie before him. He was getting a headache.
"And you are injured senor, please, come to Call Center with me let our madre look at your face, it is much infected."
"My face is fine, the shoulder though..."
"Broken?"
"No."
"Dislocated?" the man guessed again.
"Si." said Julian.
"May I look at it?"
"Si."
Julian unbound the arm. It had a greater range of motion than before, but he still couldn't raise it above his head.
"Yes, I have seen this many times, dislocation. Here, lay on the ground." Julian complied, lying down amongst the kites and canopies.
"I guess injuries happen a lot around here."
"Yes, and no too." The man knelt over Julian and probed the dislocated shoulder with his fingertip. Took the arm in hand and moved it slowly in a circle. "Many injuries this is true, yes, but most of those do not return. Die out there." He nodded toward the door. The wind roared outside."Some give tribute to the Wind-People and live. Others do not. Diablo Amarillo take the injured."
*Crack!*
He jammed Julian's arm back into place, twisting it so the shoulder popped back into the socket. Julian yelped and his free hand grabbed the buttock of the old man, who laughed.
"It hurts no?"
"Si," said Julian.
"It is over now." He nodded to Julian's hand. Julian released his grip, looking embarrassed. "You know they are looking for you, the soldiers."
"That must be someone else." Julian sat up and moved the injured arm in a slow circle. It was sore but he could raise it well enough. He stood and rubbed the shoulder.
"Cuarenta anos, I have set many shoulders, they usually scream much louder. Maybe you are stronger than you look."
Julian resumed looking at the contraptions, they were designed for lift, but that would only do so much in the weightless environ of the connector. Some were simple umbrellas, some were winged jackets, others had larger wings, that allowed the wearer to maneuver under his own power. A good idea, Julian thought, but too slow in a pinch, better to be unencumbered. There were grappling hooks also, to slow down.
Julian's head was pounding now. He had to think. These jackets and wings were torn and useless. His rhinestone jacket has wings of a sort, it was strong and warm, but would it be enough? "I don't know what you mean they're looking for me," he said.
"You are a poor liar. But do not worry, we would never help the soldiers."
"Was there a man here before me?" Julian asked, "A large man, with a red cart?"
"I have not talked to anyone from the town, but there are some things missing from the hangar today. Not many go through the connector. If anyone saw him, all will know. There is not much to talk about in town."
"I don't think he could fit into any of these suits. He's very large." Julian wondered if he would be the talk of the town when this man returned to the colony. "Maybe. I'll take that one." Julian pointed to the man's own flight suit, helmet and goggles, leather chaps and a jacket with a high leather collar that came up to cover the ears and cheekbones and tucked neatly into the bottom of the helmet. 
"Oh senor, I'm sorry, that is for our people, not for rent. Any other of these you take. But this," he motioned to his leather jacket, "belonged to my padre."
Julian frowned at the collection of ratty jackets with bulky padded helmets and awkward, cumbersome wing-sets and parachutes. "What about this one?" The man held up a thick puffy coat, with a scarf and thick, warm pants. "It will keep you warm. You'll look bigger. El Diablo likes small prey. And Wind-People know this coat. Many men pass through with this coat, and these," he held up a small set of wings, meant to be strapped to the wearer's back.
Julian shuddered to think of the last time he had traversed the connector. No, nothing here would do. He would not take the chance.
"I want that one." He pointed again to the man's jacket.
"Sorry senor, I cannot sell you this one."
Julian pulled all of the money that was left from his bag, there was a can of beans also. He had been saving it to eat in the connector. "All of this, just to borrow it, I'll leave it when I get through."
"Senor, I am sorry, I let you borrow, I have to let everyone borrow. But many go through the connector with these, many safely, to be sure."
"I'm no fool." He tried to speak calmly but there was anger in his voice. "I have seen your yellow devil and I want one like that." He pointed at the man's high-collared jacket again. He thought of his debt, of what had transpired all those years ago, in this very connector. If any of the Wind-People saw him, it would cost more than a small tribute. And he would need better than a puffy coat.
"I cannot!" The man squared his shoulders he placed his hand on the knife at his hip and took a step forward, he motioned to one of the ratty fabric jackets. "These are all very good senor, you will take one of these."
"I see," These are not going to be enough, Julian thought. In New Lexington that would have been the end of it. But we're not in New Lexington anymore. Julian stared blankly at the wall, the suits were rat-eaten and had lost most of their stuffing. The winged harnesses were clumsy and useless. He pointed randomly, not caring which he chose, "I'll take this one."
"Si, good." The man went forward and began to disentangle one of the large, mushroom-shaped umbrellas from the rest. "This one is very good, you will see. Used much, no problems. Always returned in good condition. Again, I am very sorry, but you will see, it is a good thing."
"I'm sorry too." The man kept working to straighten the tangle of ropes and lanyards from the different harnesses. This would not do. It simply wasn't enough. 
It do not do. Julian remembered the last words the Wind-Woman had spoke before she cut his father's throat, declining the trade he had offered, but accepting the first term: his own life, to spare his son. That kind of trade would do.
The specter of fear roiled behind Julian's impassive face, youthful memories of yellow fur and dizzying heights, blood-spattered leaves shuddering in the wind. His father's crumpled body loomed there as well, he felt its presence and a panicked, stifling emotion leaned on him. Safe though he was in the sheltered, narrow room with this well-meaning stranger, Julian's mouth grew dry, his skin clammy.
Julian unholstered the baton and thumbed the power down. The man had untangled the contraption and was working on a second that had become twisted up in the process. He remembered something his father had told him long ago. He and his father had straggled into one of the deep-station outposts, on the verge of starvation. Scavenging in the sector had been poor and with nothing to trade, they had to pass through without eating. Young Julian had stolen a can of chicken soup from the village's communal stores. Before he could open it, his father grabbed the can and dragging Julian by the wrist, had taken him to return it. The men accepted his apology and put the can back. But young Julian was crying.
"Why are you crying Julian? Are you so hungry that you will die without this food?"
"Yes father," he had said. It was the truth.
"Okay, but remember Julian. We can't have enemies in this world. Atlas is too small for that. That is why we never steal from the living." And with that his father took the blade-tipped spear from his back and slew not only those men but anyone who saw them as they fled the sector. "We won't be known as thieves," he had said.
From then on Julian held his tongue, even on the verge of starvation he dared not show it. And from that day, until the day of his father's death in the wind-torn jungle of the Istanbul Connector, he never spoke of the killings. Since leaving that life behind, he hadn't thought of them.
Julian glowered at the back of the Call Center man, who laughed at his own frustration with the tangle of harness straps and bent awkwardly over the contraptions.
"Never steal from the living," Julian whispered, that old mantra, stepping forward to straddle the man's crouching form.
"Senor?" The man turned his head. Quick as a cockroach Julian filched his stun baton between the leather helmet and the high collar, in the same movement thumbing the dial up to maximum spark. Prongs met flesh with a *pop* and the man fell limp atop the jumbled harnesses.
"I'm sorry," Julian said, though his voice didn't convey the sympathy he wished it would. Wordlessly, he tugged the man onto the floor and began to undress him. The wind outside seemed to have intensified, its sombre dirge drowning the sounds of his grim task. And Julian outfitted himself with the kind man's armor in noiseless meditation, the words repeating in his head. 
Never steal from the living.
It do not do.
Never steal from the living. 
It do not do.
Never steal from the living.
It do not do.
Never steal from the living.
It do not do.
When he had taken all he needed, he drew his father's dagger. There was one more thing. Another reason he had killed this man, though he hadn't realized it until after. He would fight if they found him. But if the Wind-People did catch him, if they overpowered Julian as they had his father, they would remember the old bargain, the debt he owed. Julian pulled a plastic sack from his bag and knelt to take one last thing from the corpse of the Call-Man.

¤))

Into the Void

The winds in the chamber buffeted Julian and threatened to topple him over. He didn't worry about stealth here. The wind was too violent for the soldiers to keep watch over the entrance, but he knew there would be other eyes on him as soon as he began his descent. 
When he approached Call Center Julian had felt his steps becoming lighter and lighter, now as he entered into the chamber Julian felt gravity dissipate until he was as light as a Rhine finch, barely enough to stand against the wind, which roared out from the halls, tunnels and ducts overhead and down into the great chasm in the floor.
Striding toward the connector, Julian sheltered behind one of thirteen massive columns that surrounded the dark opening and supported the cavernous ceiling overhead. The air shaft was several hundred feet across. These thirteen columns extended down from the bottom of the Rhine, to the top of the Wilds. There were no parallel hallways, only this one. If the Rhine was a wheel, and the Wilds a hub, then the connector was one of the spokes that held them together, a single vertical hallway through space. 
To most station dwellers it was the most terrifying, vertigo-inducing sight they had seen in their lives. And though there was no gravity to pull them downward, the fear of falling and the unusual sensation of weightlessness kept most from going anywhere near the connector's gaping maw.
But Julian had been here before.
The vaulted ceiling was honeycombed with dark, hexagonal openings, ventilation holes that connected to ducts that drew air from New Lexington to farthest reaches of Atlas. He glanced up at the tessellated holes, like the compound eye of an insect, and shivered. 
Determined not to look down just yet, Julian crept forward until he was behind one of the columns. Then, lying on his stomach, he dug his fingernails into a seam between two floor panels. Entirely weightless now, this was all he that kept him from being dragged in by the wind as he crawled farther to reach a lone, narrow bridge across the air-shaft.
The walkway had a railing and Julian grabbed it to keep from being sucked in. Here he couldn't help but look down. A trail of dim lights and narrow hullglass windows stretched into the infinite depths. His arms shook as he pulled himself hand over hand into the middle of the bridge. Julian swallowed nervously and straightened up. He threw one leg over the railing, then the other. The wind tugged the fabric of his jacket, it whipped around the stiffened collar of the flight suit and the Call-Man's brown leather chaps and rattled the jewels on the fringe of the jacket of The King that he wore overtop, chilling every inch of him and threatening to tear him from the rail. With one hand, Julian reached to tighten the straps of the goggles. He had broken a spare pair of glasses and wedged the lenses securely behind the thick, round glass of the Call Man's goggles. His duffel was bound tightly to his body.
Toes wedged between the rails, hands holding tight, he took one deep breath, closed his eyes and pushed backward and let the wind take him.
 It had been many calendars since he traveled the connector, but Julian remembered. Keeping his arms tight to his sides, eyes forward, legs together, he plummeted faster and faster. He was weightless but propelled downward by the rushing wind. Long hullglass windows flashing by, offered a view of the moon to his left. On the right, flights of dim flickering service lights shot past in clusters. The dark, singular vanishing point far below, remained constant.
As Julian's speed increased to match the speed of the air, the wind no longer appeared to rush by, and without wind to steady him, he began to slowly rotate. Julian grabbed a handful of the fabric that hung between his arms and opened the brightly tasseled wings of the jacket of The King. He felt them catch the last bit of wind and push him even faster forward, but even with the wings open he was spinning. Julian thought of the station finch, he flapped the wings and the motion straightened his angle but the overcompensation sent him cartwheeling end over end, perilously close to the columns that shot by at a frightening speed. Julian's thick helmet smacked against one of walls, tossing him back into the center of the air shaft, but jarring him from the top of his skull to the nub his tailbone. 
Hull! No more caution. Still unable to stop from spinning, he was drifting to the other side of the connector. The lights and windows were flying by at an incredible speed. When he was close enough, Julian reached out and kicked the wall, pushing himself back into the middle. A little more flailing with the sparkling wings and he had clumsily centered himself again. More flapping and his back was to the wind, face forward. Julian plummeted with the wind, but it felt as if he weren't moving at all. Aside from the eddies and currents that bounced off the walls and swirled about the columns, the air felt still.
The spinning motion had slowed, and a feeling of control returned. Julian drifted in a leisurely spiral, wary of the fast-moving walls, and focused on the darkness ahead, telling himself that this time he was prepared for what would come. He reached up and felt the scar on his ear, three notches side by side. Three lives. His other hand rested on his chest and the tooth that hung there on a cord. Two to go.
Soon vines would start to appear between columns, then trees, then the jungle, deep and dark.
...
The connectors were the backbone of the station Atlas, joining the two rings and central sphere together. They were also its breath. The wind from the connectors traveled through ducts and freshened the air in distant domes. The plants that clung from the walls of the tunnel seemed to purify it and a rich earthy odor issued from the foliage. The air was heavy with it. 
In the empty miles before the forest began, there had been little to do but reflect on his earlier actions. Julian was shocked at how easily it had happened, it had almost been instinctive how he took from the Call Center man. The killing wasn't necessary, so why did he do it? The man had been more than helpful, and he had been friendly too. A little like Ben.
The man had been afraid of that creature. Diablo Amarillo. Julian knew it well enough. He had killed larger beasts in the past. The Wind-People, were what he feared and the thought of them caused strange feelings to emerge. They were no more deadly than the Yellow Devil. And it was not a startled fear or fear being crept upon in the dark, or the old fear of being hounded for endless miles by packs of frothing, baying station-dogs. This fear was something else, like standing on the edge of the void, like what he imagined the outside of Hull to be: alone without air, staring into eternity, like standing on the tip of a precipice, too terrified to turn back for fear of falling, but unable to move forward, something like being swallowed whole. 
And so he had killed the Call Center man...because it was inevitable. Not because he was too afraid to see the Wind People again, because he knew he would. Not because his fathers' bones lay somewhere near the end of this forest, because that fate was not his own. But something told Julian he had to be fierce here, to be cruel here, that the civilized man he had striven to become wasn't enough. His better judgment told him that he was exactly as he meant to be, that he had risen from his wild upbringing to become something else, a man of his own determination. But that wouldn't be enough here.
In killing the Call-Man, self determination had been cast aside in one definitive action, along with principles. Now there was only tooth and nail, father's blade and the spark of the stun baton. Julian the mincing journalist, earnest writer for the local paper, poking in everyone's business and being talked down to by men like Sebastian and the now-dead General, that Julian was for the dome. 
Or maybe it was self determination after all that pushed him to his heartless act. Julian the reporter, who lived in the dome and spoke politely, only came into being because there was no going back, because he had known he couldn't survive in the Wilds alone as a boy. In a way it had been his only option to leave and start a new life. But he was a man now, and he would do as he chose. 
This second conclusion is what Julian settled on, what he told himself in those quiet miles of wide, empty corridor, sometimes lit by windows to the outside and sometimes dark and still, save for small dim lights that flitted upward like cockroaches scurrying from a drain.
By the time the forest appeared below, Julian's fear was gone, replaced by a kind of bitter resolve. Tokyo2, Lexington, the Wilds, it didn't matter where he found himself. Whatever would happen next would happen according to Julian's choices, for good or bad he would not be tugged along. He would not seek the path of least resistance. He would make it for himself.
And if Sebastian gets in the way he can take a walk Hullside.


¤))

Being Not There

If the meeting between Betrix and the traveling party was tense, she was doing a good job of hiding it. She sounded tired and uncomfortable, but not nervous, certainly not suspicious of their motives.
Dade could sense that Kelvin was nervous when he introduced himself as "Sam," a farmhand from Tokyo2. Dade had screamed out "Kelv," when Betrix clocked him in the head outside of Julian's apartment, hence the need for an alias.
Dade was hidden in the backpack, though he had tried to tell Kate and Kelvin that there was no need for him to hide, that the girl was as blind as she was strange looking. Kate reminded Dade that it was impolite to comment on people's appearances, but Dade insisted he was the authority on what looked strange.
He had tried to appeal to the nice lady Kate on the backpack issue but she was so focused on the plan she wasn't paying near as much attention to him as when they had first met. 
At least Disnee seemed to be sympathetic with Dade's plight. He had unzipped the pack when Dade called him over and the two had carried on a conversation about girls on the way to the meeting city gate. Dis didn't share Dade's enthusiasm for "all the girlies" but he had started to notice one young lady who lived in the same building as he and Spanner. Having not grown up around girls, Dis was unsure what to say to one.
"I say whatever I want," Dade had told him, "just be like you. But keep your hands in the air, don't touch anything. They don't like that."
Dis seemed to like Dade's companionship, having gotten over his initial apprehension, and seemed not to notice the more inappropriate outbursts. The tension between he and Kelvin on the other hand, had gotten worse and Dis found that the best way to avoid the one brother's scowl, which seemed directed at Dis no matter who Kelvin was actually angry with, was to stand close behind him and talk with the other brother.
Kelvin had ignored these conversations for the most part, occasionally reaching back to jerk Dade's zipper shut when he said something embarrassing.
Dade couldn't see what all the fuss was about. When the party met Betrix in the antechamber, just inside the city gates, she sounded pretty helpless. Reaching out to Atlas, Dade could use the security cameras in the corridor to see a hazy image of the scene. She was still wearing the silk scarf over her eyes. Though she moved a little more surely than she had in the cafeteria, she was still quite weak, with all that metal weighing her down. All of the Addware and fleshy bits were covered up with a long, brown shawl. Kelvin didn't like it when Dade talked about the fleshy bits, but he couldn't hide his feelings when they shared the same circulatory system. Dade felt Kelvin blush when he shook Betrix's hand and introduced himself. 
"Sam, a farmhand, just looking for work in the off-season. Oh and I'm from Tokyo2. I'm a Tokyo2 farm hand. But it's off-season, so I'm working as a travel escort."
Dade had to hold his mouth closed not to laugh. It wasn't even the off-season. And the emotions that filtered over from his brother were making Dade all giddy. She did look kind of pretty he thought, and not all too old under that ugly sheet. Dade was getting all worked up thinking about it. He pulled on his connection to Atlas a little harder to try to bring the camera into focus. Luckily Betrix had moved on to the next introduction, because as Dade did this, it sapped Kelvin's strength and he stumbled. Dade felt his brother sigh heavily and slump against a wall. Kelvin threw a hand back and knocked him hard in the head and Dade yelped and released his connection to the security camera. He was back in the dark, alone in Kelvin's backpack. Kelvin straightened up and rejoined the group. No one seemed to have noticed his unusual behavior.
Kate introduced the rest of them. Barker was a rough-skinned worker and a family man just back from a job manning a cutting torch in the colonies. His team had opened two new warehouses of food and supplies, and they'd very nearly cut through into a vented compartment, causing the security doors behind them to seal. Luckily there had been a User with the group who was able to re-open the doors long enough for the team to escape.
The third introduction was Marker, whom Dade hadn't gotten a good look at. Marker was a soldier on injury leave. "Don't worry," Marker told Betrix when they were introduced, "I'm not bad hurt. One Wilder poke a little spear your gut and tha' Gen'ral, (Hull sustain him) puts ya' a whole month man'atory vo'cation. Yeah I hear 'bout tha' Gen'ral. Damn shame. But we'll get tha' bastard what did it." 
There was awkward coughing and nervous silence from everyone at the mention of hunting down Julian. It seemed Marker was the only one in the group who wasn't up to speed on the Julian situation or the real goal of the trip. Even Betrix stammered a little when she choked out a surprised,
"Well I-I hope you do. Catch who...whoever it was."
"Hull, damned will."
*Psst* Dade whispered to Disnee, *psst* "Hey. Where did they find this guy?" Kelvin coughed and reached back to yank Dade's zipper shut again. If Betrix noticed, she hadn't reacted. Finally she addressed them all.
"Thanks, for um, everyone, for taking me along. I could've found a way, maybe, but an escort will be good. So, good...yeah. Thank you. Okay. Kate? Are we ready?"
"Oh it's no trouble at all," said Kate. "Dis and I needed to make the trip anyhow for the paper. We don't have any issues to bring since the Governor shut us down, but there's no sense moping around here waiting for the investigation to finish. The Tokyo2 office needs to hear the news and besides, these boys could use the work."
"Okay," said Betrix, "I hope I won't slow you down too much."
"Not at all," said Kate, "Disnee, take miss Betrix's hand and help her to keep up. Are we ready?" Disnee's face grew bright red and he started to say something, but Kate was already headed down the ramp into the Rhine. He tiptoed over to Betrix who wrapped her hands around his arm and allowed herself to be led.
"Just great," Dade whispered, "I lose the only person who'll talk to me because he gets to walk with the girly. He doesn't even know what to do with a girlfriend-girl."
"Shh, you're not here." Kelvin nudged, and tugged the zipper again to make sure it was shut. It always bothered Dade when Kelvin said that. What he meant was, "pretend like you're not there," which was another way of saying, "stay quiet." But the way Kelvin said it had always bothered Dade. 
When he was young he had never wondered if his brother wished he wasn't there. He thought because they were connected, they should both feel the same. When they got older, and Dade never grew, and Kelvin was the strong one, the "normal" one, then he thought of it often. Lately, in an attempt to make things better, Dade had made a point of not thinking bad thoughts about his brother, but whenever Kelvin said "you're not here," it was hard not to.
Dade could feel his brother thinking something about girls, the feelings came through in his blood and made him feel warm sometimes, even when he wasn't thinking about the girls himself. But he didn't mind Kelvin's emotions, they were stronger than his own feelings. If I had those feelings I'd do something with them, Dade thought to himself, but I'm not here.

¤))

Voice in Her Ear

The first day was uneventful, the group walking briskly, passing a few small groups of travelers bundled, as was the custom, in heavy robes that protected their faces from identification and their bodies from the cold. It was harder for bandits to decide if travelers were worth robbing when they couldn't tell whether they were big or small, merchants or soldiers baiting robbers into a trap, as the late General Hewlett was known to do.
Their pace slowed toward the end of the day when Betrix started to sag. Disnee helped her along, but with the metal in her body she was far heavier than a woman her size should be. Before long Marker, the soldier, fell back to take up some of her weight. 
No one talked in these first hours. The heavy robes and harsh cold air that circulated  in the Rhine put everyone into a sour mood.
At night when the lights dimmed almost completely, they settled down to rest. Kate had given the brothers an extra blanket for the journey. Dade wanted to sleep between Kate and Betrix but Kelvin walked to the opposite side and spread his cloak out as far from the rest of the group as felt safe. Kate decided that they would sleep only a little while and would keep a rotating watch. 
The hired men insisted that they and the boys could take the shifts, but Kate said this was nonsense, she would take middle watch and Betrix and Dis would be excused, Betrix because she could not see to keep a watch, and Dis because he was too young.
Disnee complained, saying he knew how to keep watch better than farmers and dome people, but Kate wouldn't hear it. After all was settled, Kelvin (still going by Sam) had the first watch. The others slept.
...
Betrix was uneasy. She needed to rest but certain facts turned in her head, like gears whose teeth didn't quite mesh. Disnee had surprised her with this journey. She had hoped the boy could find someone who was traveling to Tokyo2 within the next month. But to find someone the very next day. Almost too convenient. The biggest trouble was that she had not had time to rebuild her strength. 
Despite all this, she had been happy to leave early. The sooner she reached Tokyo2, the sooner she could fix her broken Addware and force this Kate to tell where her friend Julian would hide. Julian would lead Betrix to Sebastian. Sebastian, she would drag back to Nalisha. Nalisha would not be forgiving. Betrix didn't want to think about what would happen if Nalisha saw her without Sebastian. This was the second-worst scenario. She refused to consider the possibility that her Adds couldn't be fixed at all.
Instead she focused on Kate. There had been no talk of money after their meeting. Kate took what was offered without counting and it was settled. Betrix had heard of merchants who offered cheap passage then threatened to abandon their clients in the Rhine if they did not pay more. This Kate didn't seem like one of those, but she did have a talent for telling others what to do. Her orders were spoken more lightly to Betrix than to the boys, "Here Betrix, you can sleep next to me. Give me your pack and I'll put it next to mine." This must have been what Betrix's father felt like, doted upon but not allowed any real autonomy. She wondered if she tried to get up to relieve herself, would Kate let her go or tenderly push her back to the ground until she explained where she was going. She didn't trust this Kate and knew the second she disagreed, Kate's tone would turn venomous.
Betrix would have to pee sometime time tonight. There was an open floor panel farther down the hall that seemed to be the designated latrine and had been used by farmers traveling to market. A hundred calendars of service had turned the waste which filled the space below to a rich compost. All round the hole, vines and flowers whose seeds had found their way out of the farming pods over the centuries had taken root and forced their way up between the floor panels. They climbed the walls and crowded the lighted middle ceiling panels. Travelers called these resting places "groves." 
Over time, the groves had become infested with various life forms, station-rats, iguana, and the odd Rhine-finch could be found tucked amongst the foliage. The birds in particular, were a favored food of both travelers and the wild station chimpanzees. It was a wonder any survived at all. Pleasant as they were, the groves smelled awful and it was best to set up camp a good distance away.
Betrix couldn't see the grove, but her nose and ears told her it was there. She was about to roll over and sleep when she heard the farmer's son, Sam, who was on first watch. The boy got up and walked off toward the grove. She considered asking to come along, so she wouldn't have to wake Kate in the middle of the night. But if the woman wanted to dote on her, best to let her do it. Wander off now and she'll never let you out of her sight.
Some minutes passed and Sam didn't return. If that farm boy is sick, it better not be catching. The last thing Tokyo2 needed was another wave of diarrhea. 
*Crackle!*
The sound made her jump.
Coming from somewhere down the hall, it hadn't been a loud sound, but it was out of place. She lay still and waited to hear if anyone else stirred.
When nothing happened she turned her attention back to the noise. Betrix's ear Adds worked in exactly the same manner as the eye and muscle Addware. Nerve spikes sunk deep into her body. She had merely to want to hear better and the volume turned up on its own. She could hear selectively as well. If she wanted to separate one voice or a group of voices from a crowd, then they would become louder than the rest. 
But wishing her vision to return had not caused it to be so. Betrix wondered why all of her other Adds were fried but her hearing remained. Maybe the impish User hadn't sensed that one when he looked inside her body. Maybe it had felt pity taking all her other senses, even the touch from her hands and so left her this one. Maybe it was that this Add was hidden inside her ear canal, and was new, unlike the others.
The visor had come when she lost her vision in the kickboxing ring, and the muscles had come well before that. Only after her recruitment by the clans had she been forced to accept these final Add-ons. 
Laying there, listening for the sound to come again, she thought of that night when Nalisha had driven the implants into her ears. All that pain and what had it gotten her? This was hardly the new start she had hoped for, hardly an escape from the short, bloody life of a kickboxer.
Betrix rubbed her head. The pain was still there, though she had learned to ignore it. Since the run-in with the User, all of the old pain, the arm and leg, the feet and hands, and the pain where her eyes should be, every Add that was disabled had dulled so that she hardly felt it. 
*Crackle* The sound came again from down the hall where Sam had gone. Betrix focused on the sound and raised her volume. Voices came through. One was distorted, as through an intercom.
"I was worried 'bout you boys," the voice crackled. "When ya' didn't check in, I thought somethin' happened. If Leanne hadn't stopped me I'd 'a let the crops rot and go lookin' for ya'."
"Something did happen Ben. Kelv got kicked in the head."
Betrix was so startled by the second voice she nearly screamed. 
Calm Betrix, you're no little girl. 
The second voice, was the voice from Julian Reeve's apartment, the little User with the tiny body and the cleft lip. There was no mistaking it. She fought the urge to run after it, but she remembered something Nalisha had said, "You are operative now, your eyes and ears and muscles yes. But listen first okay? Is what we pay you for. No more this world just for punching and for kicking like in the ring. Understand?" So she listened. The small User was talking.
"Then we tried to call you to ask you what to do but you weren't here."
"It wasn't really a fight, she kicked me from behind." That voice was Sam, the farmer's son.
"Boy's I'm just glad you're alright." The speaker came through again, crackling and fuzzy but Betrix could tell he was Lexingtonian.
"But that's not all Ben," the User said. "Then we found her again, and we followed her, and she was talking to this boy named Disnee, he's from the Rhine, and he's never been around girls before but we were talking and walking to Tokyo2 and he says there's this girl his age that lives in his building and he likes her but doesn't know how to talk to girls so I was telling him about..."
"Ahem," the one named Sam/Kelvin interrupted, "the boy works for the paper with Julian. They think Julian killed someone, but Kate thinks Betrix had something to do with it."
"Boys, slow down a second." The deeper voice came through the static, "Julian can take care himself. He's tougher'n anyone in that whole dome. And you need not get into his troubles. You have enough of your own."
"But it's too late Ben," Dade said, "Kate's paying us to help take Betrix to Tokyo2 and she thinks she can find Julian, so I'm hiding." A switch clicked, turning the radio off.
"Shh," said Kelvin, "we don't have to tell him everything. He'll only worry." Then he clicked the radio back on. "Ben, we're safe. She's not gonna hurt us. Dade's in his backpack. We're just going to Tokyo2 'cause Kate's paying us, we're not even going in the dome."
"I don't like it boys. They can pay someone else. You two should go back 'Lexington. I'll help you find a new job. We can meet in the city this time."
"Sorry Ben. It's too late to turn around."
"And I like these girlies Ben, I can see them from my zipper and they don't know I'm looking.'
"You need to keep quiet," Sam/Kelvin scolded him.
Betrix stifled a laugh. She didn't want to wake anyone.
"Boys, if you won't come back, promise me something."
Something behind her rustled. At first Betrix thought it was one of the men, but it was coming from farther down the hall and moving closer. Normal ears wouldn't have heard it but Betrix's ear Adds were far more powerful, and they were turned all the way up. She stayed still, hoping to catch the last of the conversation.
"Promise me you won't go into Tokyo2. You'll turn around at the gates and come home. Go alone if you have to. It's safer than getting found in Tokyo2. Remember why you left there."
"But Ben..." Sam/Kelvin began.
"But Beeeen," the whiny voice echoed his brother's serious tone. The footsteps were getting closer. 
"Maybe they forgot already." The larger brother talked over him. "Maybe we can go back and find work again."
"Trust me boys. Someone will remember what you can do. Just promise you'll stay out of that city." The footsteps were getting closer, close enough for normal ears to hear. 
"I promise Ben," said Sam, or whoever he was. The smaller one said nothing.
The footsteps were very close, bare feet stepping lightly, but it was loud to her. She thought she should raise the alarm, but then the voice spoke through the speaker again.
"And boys one more promise." 
The bare feet reached the edge of where the group slept. Still no one stirred.
"That boy with you, Disnee. It's my fault he's mixed up in this trouble of Julian's."
 The figure crouched over them, stepped silently over Kate and then Betrix. She wanted to cry out, but she had to keep listening, they were talking about Julian, this might be her only chance to learn where he's gone. She lay very still and didn't dare move.
"I found Disnee just like I found you. But I sent him to Julian to live in the city."
The smell was awful, it leaned low and breathed over her. It could be an ape just as likely as a man, it smelled bad enough for either.
"Boys will you promise me you'll take care Disnee? He can make his own way, but don't let him get hurt. Get him there safe, and back to Lexington if he'll come."
"I promise." the little one said it this time.
"Promise," said Sam/Kelvin.
The shape moved on, stepping over the soldier then the workman, Betrix heard the soft jostling of his pack as the intruder lifted it from the floor. Now she had to raise the alarm. But she heard her name again.
"What'll Kate do 'this Beatrice person, when she get 'Tokyo2," the voice on the radio asked, skipping words in that Lexington way. The shape dropped the pack startling Betrix but she didn't make any noise, she had been right all along, this trip was a trick and she needed to hear what they intended do with her. She had missed something, but the boys were still talking. The shape bent over the workman.
"But if she doesn't then Kate's going to make her tell."  Dade was talking over Kelvin/Sam, who was talking also, more calmly explaining that they were going to see if Betrix led them to Julian.
Stupid, foolish plan. Betrix thought. Here she had hoped these newspaper people would lead her to Julian, but they were only following her.
A sick puncturing sound like the noise of Addware being driven in, or a station-dog tearing into a kill, amplified a hundred times by her hearing implant, came from the sleeping form two bodies over. The sleeper made a gurgling sound. Betrix screamed and sat up, lowering her Addware's volume as she did.
The others were waking, startled. The intruder tripped over the workman and grunted, falling onto the soldier, Marker. Disnee screamed. Marker was shouting and struggling and then he too cried out, the sound of slamming against the metal wall rang up and down the hall. 
Dade and Sam, or was it Kelvin, were shouting and running toward the group. The larger boy hushed the smaller, who was supposed to be hidden.
Kate growled and leaped up. Betrix heard fists thumping and someone stepped on her arm. Then Kate fell into her and the shape of the intruder ran off in the direction it had come, Sam/Kelvin arrived from the opposite direction, out of breath.
All around Betrix heard moans and agonized noises, but she couldn't make sense of exactly what had happened. Kate struggled to her knees and took Betrix's face in her hands.
"Are you okay?" she demanded.
"Yes. I'm fine." When Kate removed her hands, something warm and wet ran down Betrix's cheek. 
Blood. Whose?
"You!" Kate stepped over Betrix, Dis, and the workman who lay motionless on the ground. She shoved Marker, who was struggling to his feet, out of the way and ran up to Kelvin. (Betrix would have to remember to call him Sam.) Kate smacked Kelvin hard on the face. "You were on watch! Where, were, you?"
"I was...I can't talk about it." he said under his breath, Betrix assumed he was pointing in her direction."
"You don't leave your watch. I should have put the boy on watch instead. You play with yourself do it on on someone else's watch. Now because of you there's..."
She stopped as if just now realizing.
"Hull fail me," Kate felt around until she found the lifeless body of the workman. 
"His throat cut," said Marker, the soldier was on his feet again,"a knife looks like."
"It was a man?" Betrix wondered.
"Think so," Marker said, "dark, hard to tell."
"Uh, an ape could have...with its teeth..." Dis leaned over the body a second then turned away like he might get sick, "it smelled like an ape."
"It was a man," Kate said, "mostly, naked. Smelled."
"Probably wanted food." said Kelvin. Kate, Marker and Disnee must have shot him evil looks because he cut his last word short and fell silent again.
"It was a man," said Marker, "more Rhine scavengers these days. What since Gen'ral's  campaign took tha' warehouses. (Hull sustain him.) Closer ya get tha' domes, the meaner they get, less ta' scavenge here."
"Why don't they just go to the farms?" Disnee asked. For a minute no one answered.
"Don't know people ways."  Marker shook his head.
"The farm communes are full Disnee," Kate said, "Nobody would let a man like that into the city. You were lucky you met Ben."
"An' tha Rhine-folk don't like outsiders," Kelvin added, "you'd have better luck in tha' Wilds, but that's not safe either."
"You don't speak," Kate snapped at Kelvin, then gasped, "Dis, you're bleeding."
"Is just his ear," Marker said.
"What do we do now?" said Kelvin who was still outside of the group, by the sound of it he was struggling with the brother in his backpack.
"We take watch," Kate growled, "get some sleep and get through the night, so we can walk all day tomorrow."
"No," Marker said, he had begun to bandage Disnee's ear, "Miss Kate, tonight we should be walking. Don't wanna take 'chance he have friends an' come back tonight."
"Shouldn't we turn back?" Betrix asked. Stupid girl, you're afraid. She scolded herself. She tried to justify it. I have to pretend until I get stronger.
"Can ya' afford to hire four more like me?" Marker asked.
"No"
"Then one man's no difference. We have his weapon." Marker removed something from the workman's corpse, "His pack gone."
"And the body?" Kate asked.
"Leave it." Marker shrugged. "It's that thing's doing, let him clean it rot up. We need ta' keep moving."
"Put him next to the grove," Betrix said, "it's green there." She felt useless, sitting on her blanket while the others chased off the intruder and dealt with the aftermath. They didn't know that she had failed to raise the alarm, but she certainly wasn't entitled to an opinion.  Marker nodded. He and Kelvin lifted the body and moved it down the hall to the grove. The rest gathered their things. Betrix wished she had slept. She was very tired.
Her ears stung and her head was throbbing. The pain was stronger whenever she used the Addware. She imagined what it would feel like to have an ape bite your throat open and shuddered. It was just a man, she told herself. I beat stronger every day in the kickboxing ring.
Betrix thought of how warm and safe she had felt under Julian's bed, maybe it was the wake-ups and coughing syrup she had found there, but she thought not. She remembered how she had fallen asleep wrapped in his blanket, not wanting to get up.
And what lay ahead? What awaited her in Tokyo2? She had failed on her first assignment. If she survived the walk home would they be waiting there to punish her? Would they just be done with her? Would she be blind forever? Betrix rolled her blanket and packed it away. Barker, that was the dead workman's name, he was finished. How easy it must be to lay down next to the glade, not noticing the smell, to rest among the flowers and be done.
The small User's voice interrupted her thoughts. She raised the volume to hear better.
"It stinks here," he said, off in the distance. "Why do flowers like poop? Even soycorn likes poop Kelv." 
"I don't know," said the brother.
"Maybe if soycorn didn't need so much poop, my poop wouldn't smell when I eat it."
"Hush," said the brother.
Betrix continued to stuff the pack as if she hadn't heard, but a smile crept over her face.
"He's going to really smell when we come back Kelv. Why'd you get him killed Kelv. I kinda liked him Kelv."
"Both-a-ya' got 'im killed," Marker said, "hush now, 'fore she hear ya.'" So Marker knew about Dade also. That meant everyone knew except for her.
Betrix smiled openly now and chuckled to herself. She leaned over and stuffed her pack so Kate wouldn't notice her laughing. If that...she chuckled..funny...thing can go on living how he does. Then I can make it to Tokyo2.
She liked it...he...Dade, and not just because it looked stranger than she, or said things that made her laugh. She liked it because it was bold. A pose that she had worked so hard to maintain by Addware and endless training, a pose she had abandoned now to gain the sympathy of these people, came naturally to him, effortlessly, and no amount of weakness or deformity or having to hide in a backpack could suppress that spirit.
Yes, we'll make it to Tokyo2. She knew. Something told her Dade would also enter the city even though he had been told not to. But not before I get what I need. 
Betrix's plans had changed tonight. She would still be going to Tokyo2, still playing the part of the helpless blind girl. She still didn't know how to find Sebastian or why he'd run off with Julian Reeves. But the biggest unknown had been answered. There was no wondering if her Adds would be fixed again, only listening, and learning and waiting for her moment. I just hope that you can help me, my little secret friend.

¤))

Flashes of Terror

The deeper Julian plummeted into the hanging forest, the narrower and more choked with foliage the air shaft became. Leaves and branches held tough against the fierce wind, which roared all the more furious through the verdant bottleneck. Deep below the canopy, light from the hullglass and service bulbs still peeked through where limbs and vines had been woven back or hacked away, as if some unseen hand was waging a constant battle to keep the light from being entirely choked out.
Cold air crept up the Call Man's leather chaps and underneath his jacket, chilling Julian until he wished he'd settled for the puffy flight suit back in the hangar. The Call Man's tall-collared jacket was tight under his rhinestone coat. His sleeves and pants were too short, and the helmet was tight on his head. The hole in his cheek throbbed, his head ached, and in the weightless environment he grew drowsy. 
He'd managed to stay in the center, but sometimes to reorient himself he had to wave his arms and kick his legs. Julian thought must look like a baby finch, flying end over end through the dark. To the Wind-people he would look like a clumsy traveler, with a flamboyant jacket, not with anything worth taking, certainly no threat. They wouldn't see the notched ear under the helmet, or the tooth buttoned beneath the flight suit. He hoped they wouldn't wonder why a stranger wore a Call-man's jacket. 
He flapped until he was centered again and checked his belt. The knife was on his side opposite the stun baton, which was set to full power. The flashbox was tucked into the front of the jacket, his bag lashed tightly to his back. The tasseled wings of the jacket of the King were proving to be very useful and the heavy rhinestones served as a sort of armor. He was happy that he had found it in the Smithsonian Hall. Julian shivered, remembering Honest Abe's glowing eyes and ran his tongue over the shattered molars  and poked at the hole in his cheek.
From the forest came the unmistakeable glint of the reflectors on Sebastian's cart. Julian cursed. Is it even worth checking?
There would be no easy stopping at this speed. Only by awkwardly flapping the wings did he manage to turn himself and move closer to the canopy. In his haste he'd forgotten to bring a grappling hook, but early in the descent he'd wrapped his palms with rags from the duffel. When he was close enough to the forest, Julian grabbed a vine. His momentum jerked it taut but it didn't snap, zipping through his hands, tearing the fabric from his hands and the flesh from his palms. Already Julian regretted his decision to stop. His body slammed into the canopy and he wrapped his legs and arms around a cluster of leafy branches. No longer moving at the speed of the wind, he felt it rushing by again, now twice as chilling.
This was exactly what he had hoped to avoid, crawling into the jungle. He was a fool to stop, he was afraid, but he also wanted to see what had become of Sebastian. 
The jungle plants seemed to thrive on the minutest amounts of light and moisture. The thick canopy formed a mat that Julian could have walked on had gravity functioned in this place.
	The first time Julian tried to climb to where he had seen the reflector, he leaped and drifted too far upward to catch a branch. The wind caught him again and pulled him along until he flapped his way back to the canopy. The next time he moved more deliberately, being careful to always have a hand on a vine or clutch of leaves. When he propelled himself from one treetop to another, he had to be sure he kicked off in the direction he wanted to move. Only the wind could alter his trajectory after he pushed off.
He made his way to the opening where he had seen the reflector and waited a moment, hoping to see it again. He cursed under his breath. "I'm not going in there," he said aloud, then went in.
Julian drew his stun baton and partially unbuttoned the jacket so he could reach the flashbox. He paused before going in any farther, and thumbed the power down on the baton.
The forest was structured like a sponge, and Julian had to navigate through tangles of limbs and tendrils. Large passages crisscrossed, some were natural while others seemed to be the work of the Wind-People, and one especially large opening was maintained around each window, letting light through the forest, into the air shaft.
The air in these pockets was humid and still. The thick vegetation blocked most of the wind. Droplets of moisture, suspended in the calm, settled onto his skin as he passed. There was an odd, pungent smell here.
Something moved up ahead and Julian flailed for something to stop himself, finally catching a branch with his feet. He fumbled in his jacket for the flashbox, and pulled it out, forgetting that he had not turned the thing on. There was a slight glimmer in the passage ahead of him. If it were the yellow devil it would be on him already, he told himself.
Finally, he turned it on and the box illuminated the passage. The flash had caught something, not the Diablo Amarillo, but he couldn't tell what. He looked at the glowing screen. There was Sebastian's reflector, broken from the vehicle, floating in air ahead. He drifted forward and retrieved it. Where is the rest of him?
Julian pulled the image up on the flashbox again. There was no sign of anything farther down. He could see where the flash had reflected off the window at the end of the clearing. Dark passages led in all directions, Julian wouldn't be going deeper into the thicket, he would turn back and get through the connector as fast as possible.
Then something made him pause over the image. Were those claw marks on the trunk behind the reflector? And behind that a branch was snapped off. Then he noticed the particles floating in front of the camera, what he had thought were water droplets...at that moment one floated into his face, wetting his hair. In the image, the droplets shone red. Sebastian's blood.
Julian held the flashbox backward. The glow from the viewing screen was just enough to see the leaves in front of him. Keeping it at arm's length, he carefully approached the trunk with the claw marks and peeked around it. His heart pounded. He pulled himself close to tree, his legs tucked tightly beneath him, ready to push away at the slightest hint of motion from within the thicket.
Julian peered around, wide-eyed. He couldn't hear a thing over the howling the wind. Holding the flashbox as far in front of him as possible, he peeked cautiously around the tree and into the thicket.
There it was, the glimmer of blood, the patterned coat of the Diablo Amarillo. Julian yelped and leaped away in a panic. It would be on him in an instant. Julian spun the flashbox around and pressed the button. Light flooded the clearing. Julian's animal mind only processed a fraction of what flashed before him, blood, a fresh kill, yellow fur in the thicket, bared white fangs.
The roar of the wind drowned out his cries as he scrambled through the foliage and out toward the open connector, one hand waving the baton, the other grabbing at branches and pulling himself forward. The flash box dangled from a cord around his neck, the image of Diablo Amarillo, still upon its screen, beating him in the face as he scrambled to get free. Then Julian's other hand touched something dead.
He felt it sink into the cold liquid. In the weightless environment, the liquid stuck to his hand and seemed to crawl up the arm. Terror seized him when he felt what seemed like a body under the floating mass of blood. It was wedged in the branches of a tree like some pendulous fruit.
Julian shouted again, but the devil was after him, it should be on him already. He waved the baton in the air and pressed the trigger. The small flashes that came from the end showed nothing in front of him but, danger could come from all sides. Out of the corner of his eye, Julian thought he saw the pattern of the devil's coat. He raised the flashbox again, illuminating the forest. No Diablo Amarillo. 
He went back to the body. It had happened the same way with his father, blood from the wound had no direction, with no gravity and no wind in the sheltered forest, tension held the mass together and the body disappeared under the ripple of crimson.
Julian fought the urge to stay and see whose body it was. It was more important that he got out of the forest. Unless...one thought caused him to stop. 
He grabbed the flashbox from around his neck and looked through the images. There was the tree with the bloody form floating in its branches, too thick in blood to make out its size. The second image showed nothing but an empty forest and Julian's other hand waving the baton around. The third picture had the devil in it, there was no mistaking it, there in the brush where he had seen it, the creature, snarling.
Julian was moving too slowly, he should be dead already, but he stopped. Using the controls on the ancient device he was able to make that part of the image larger, zooming in on the beast until he found what he was seeking, half obscured by a leafy branch, but clear enough on the screen, the amber eye of the Diablo Amarillo.
The Diablo Amarillo in the clearing was dead, that was clear from the unfocused eye. When he looked more closely, its body posture was wrong too. He hoped that bloody form in the tree would be Sebastian's but when he brushed the liquid away he felt the matted fur and angular bones of another Diablo Amarillo.
The immediate danger was gone but Julian knew that with this discovery, things were about to get far worse.

¤))

The Devil and the Washing Machine

Julian grabbed Sebastian's reflector and shoved it in his bag then hurried out of the forest and back into the open connector. When he reached the opening, he looked left then right. The light was low but the way looked clear, so he pushed off into the wind. At the last moment he saw movement out of the corner of his eye. Catching the end of a branch with his toe, he shifted his trajectory just a little, but enough to dodge the flying metal object that clipped his ankle. It sent him spinning end over end into the connector. The object, some sort of industrial washing machine, crashed into the forest, shattering the branches where Julian had been just a moment earlier.
Julian extended the wings on his jacket to catch the wind and accelerated down the connector. A little flapping about and he had stopped spinning.
Looking back, he saw that there was a long cable tied around the washer, the other end of which was attached to the arm a Wind-Person. He was tall, bald-headed and muscular, and entirely bare except for a small loincloth. His skin was smeared with a thick layer of petrogrease to keep from drying out in the wind. The man landed on the mat of foliage and taking the washing machine in one hand, an impossible feat except in the weightless connector, he ran along the vines and  branches of the forest, using his other arm and dexterous toes to pull himself along. When he was moving fast enough, he hurled the washing machine toward Julian. The Wind-Person galloped behind until the cable grew taut then jumped after it. The washer was still moving faster than the Wind-man could leap, but the large mass pulled him along until he reeled himself in with the cable and perched on the spinning appliance.
Julian flailed and kicked and flapped his wings, but even with the wind at his back the Wind-Person's throw was faster. The washer came up behind Julian, who reached out and kicked against it, pushing it backward and himself forward. The thing was so massive that his kick did little to slow it down. Rather, the transfer of inertia caused Julian to move faster. Just as he kicked off, the Wind-Person scrambled around from the other side and pushed off after him. The man's legs were as big around as Julian's waist and sent him rocketing forward, and the washing machine drifting behind.
Julian kicked the Wind-Person in the face, but not before he got a hold of Julian's ankle. Julian pulled the baton from his belt and tried to reach his attacker, but the Wind-Person seized this hand. Julian was about to reach for the dagger with his other hand when the cable tightened and jerked the Wind-Person's greased hand away. Another kick, square on the top of the Wind-Person's bald head and Julian's ankle was free. The Wind-Person drifted back to his washer. He crossed his legs and sat on the hunk of metal and watched as Julian drifted ahead of him.
Ahead was a darker tract, the forest crowded closer to the center of the connector and vines several feet thick spanned the gap from one side of the forest to another. Julian looked back to see the Wind-Person, sitting crossed-legged upon the hunk of metal as it drifted farther and farther behind.
When the first branch came close, Julian grabbed it and pushed himself along, faster than before. The next one snagged his duffel, nearly tearing it open and throwing Julian off-balance. Another came directly at him and Julian nearly collided with it, but managed to flap out of the way and push off to gain momentum. When he looked back he saw the washer collide with the first of the branches. It tumbled aside and into the edge of the forest. The Wind-Person was nowhere to be seen.  The cable trailed behind the washer with nothing attached.
Julian caught another branch and propelled himself forward.
Farther down, the forest all but blotted out the light from the windows and it was impossible to see the vines that crisscrossed the dark air shaft.
Leaves and branches whipped by, lashing his face. More than once Julian was able to make out the outline of an especially thick branch and fend it off. Other times he was not so lucky.
After a mile or more of this he emerged, not entirely unscathed, into a wider opening. Sunlight again streamed through the connector. He checked his bag, it hadn't been torn open. The hole in his cheek was bleeding again and little globules of crimson floated about him along with leaves and bark and bits of sticks. He drifted another mile with no sign of trouble, but he knew the Wind-Person must be close. Why hadn't the Wind-Person attacked him in the thick area? Was it toying with him like a Diablo Amarillo would?
Julian's heart pounded ferociously, his eyes were wide, muscles so tense they ached.
The air here felt cleaner and sharper, as if the mold and must of ancient peoples were being filtered out by the breath of the forest and the old air was given new life. He breathed deeper, enjoying the dizzy, lightheaded feeling and felt himself unclench a little. Up ahead, a bright section of tunnel was illuminated by a window where the forest had been carefully plied back over the calendars and made to grow around the opening to let the light in.
Outside of the window, loose cables had snagged bits of debris that floated through space: hull scraps, reflective fabric and something that looked like a man. It was a baggy white suit with a round, glass helmet. The window was so far off it was hard to see. Squinting, Julian thought he could make out the bleached eye sockets and teeth of a skull, floating inside the helmet. From a distance it looked more like a chimpanzee's snarl than a man. It quickly passed from view.
The grotesque sight had distracted him for only a second, but it had been so fascinating that Julian had entirely forgotten about the Wind-Person. As he turned his attention back to the tunnel, a blur of yellow leaped from behind.
It had him before he could react, the impact knocking the baton from his hand.
Jaws seized Julian by the neck and the back legs of the Diablo Amarillo raked his torso. Sequins and rhinestones scattered in the air, but thanks to the emerald-covered jacket and thick leather armor, it didn't break the skin. Nor was his windpipe entirely crushed by the jaws. The high, stiff collar kept the teeth from drawing blood and he was able to draw a wheezing breath as they crashed into the forest wall. The helmet flew from his head and drifted away.
The Diablo released its jaws and bit down again, trying to chew through the stiff leather. Julian could feel the beast's front claws seeking purchase on the thickly-jeweled coat, preparing to snap his back or tear open his stomach. The Diablo Amarillo wouldn't kill him right away, it would play with him for a while, allow him to crawl away, only to snatch him up again before he reached the Wilds. It would be a long, torturous death.
Julian's hands had gone instinctively to his neck and the devil pawed them away. He  waved his arm around for the baton, but it had been knocked from its holster. Julian reached for the dagger while the beast raked  his torso again, and readjust its hold on him, this time he felt a claw tear through the leathers. As he pulled the dagger from its sheath, a hand wrapped around his own, preventing him from drawing the weapon.
A command was spoken and the animal released its hold on his neck. Its limbs were still entwined about his shoulders and waist but the claws had been retracted, soft padded paws held him firmly as the two drifted in the broad connector. It released its grip on his neck and Julian drew a raw breath. He didn't release his hold on the dagger, but the unseen hand kept his firmly pinned behind his back.
"I like better when you hold this one." Another hand, thickly smeared with petrogrease, held the stun baton over Julian's shoulder. The Diablo Amarillo purred and licked Julian on the face, then gently took the baton in its massive jaws. It looked sideways at Julian and loosened its hold on him. Julian slowly released the dagger and the hand let go of his wrist, leaving a smear of grease behind. The beast turned away playfully when Julian tried to retrieve the baton from its mouth.
The unseen voice spoke again and the devil allowed Julian to take the stun baton. 
Carefully Julian moved the heavy paws aside and freed himself from the Devil's soft embrace. The beast separated from Julian, licking its lips and turning its head to follow him as it drifted away through the calmer air in this sheltered part of the forest. Julian was also turning and drifting slowly along with the bits of leaves and branches torn up by the struggle.
"I told her if she does not give you that, you are more dangerous with the knife."
The Wind-Person reached out to steady Julian, holding him gently by the hand as was the custom of the Wind-People, so as not to drift apart while conversing.
"Sorry to try to kill you, Son of Reeves. But we have had troubles today and you looked much different than the boy I met many calendars ago." He touched Julian's ear with its three notches. "I did not know you until the helmet was off, then I saw your father's knife and remembered. Are you here for your debt?"
Julian pulled his hand free from the Wind-Person's grip and removed his backpack. The Diablo Amarillo cleaned itself as it drifted into the dark connector below. From out of the backpack Julian produced a clear plastic bag, tied at the top. Inside, the severed head of the old Call Center man floated in a mass of congealed blood.
The Wind-Person's smile disappeared. 
"This do not do."
"What do you mean it won't do?" Julian stammered. "It's still warm."
"Is not warm son of Reeves," said the Wind-Person. "The debt you owe is for the life you took. Head of Call-Man do not do."
"What do you mean it do not do? I brought this for you!" Julian shouted.
"This do not do, maybe you find him dead. How do I know?"
"I assure you I most certainly did not!" He was starting to talk like Sebastian and it upset him even further. "Look at the blood, it's not even dry! Look, I'll open it."
"No!" The Wind-Person stopped Julian from tearing open the bag.
"This do not do Son of Reeves."  The Wind-Person's stern look gave way to another grin and he chuckled. "But Paulina likes what you bring." He took the bag from Julian and tossed it to the Diablo Amarillo, who grabbed it from the air and batted it about like a toy.
"It is good you are trying to repay your debt. The grandparents will be happy and probably let you live." He clapped Julian on the shoulder and smiled wider.
"What do you mean it do not do?" Julian sighed.
"This is tick for tack. The debt must be paid in person." He retrieved Julian's goggles from his loincloth. They had been lost during the scuffle. He put them back on Julian's face, straightening them, and absentmindedly tugged the tassels of Julian's jacket, "We have had trouble today, and Paulina and I have lost a sister and two brothers. You will come see the grandparents. They know more than me and Paulina. They can explain the debt."
Julian assented, but he wouldn't make conversation with the Wind-Person. He hated these people. They were not known for being talkative and he wished this one would stop. He seemed to know Julian and he spoke of him and his father as they drifted more slowly through the forest. The Diablo Amarillo had disappeared along with the Call-Man's head.
"I have never seen a more ferocious fighter than your father. And he was very strong for an outsider. I watched him toss my mother's throws aside, and that spear, throwed right back into the neck of my mother, right here," the Wind-Person showed Julian where on the neck Julian's father had speared her. "And many of my brothers and sisters also. You are lucky son of Reeves you not owe a debt for the two-legged brothers and sisters he killed, only the four-legs you help to kill."
"Why is that?" Julian growled. He didn't like to think of his father being overwhelmed by the tribe of Wind-People and dying there on the steppe of the connector.
"You do not remember?"
"It was a long time go."
"Was for me also. I was a little boy and only watching. But why is because the four-leg brothers and sisters do not choose to be warriors. They do not know what to die is. Warriors do. It is a warrior's job to protect the four-leg brothers and sisters, so your father do not owe a debt for the two-legs he kill, only one four-leg brother and two sisters." He looked at Julian, expecting some kind of emotion, but Julian was cold as hullmetal. "It is because your father was such a strong hunter, we let him give his debt to you, and he to be your first payment, instead of other way around. Many did not think you would return Son of Reeves. But here you are! Even with no payment, I do see you tried, this mean you are a good man."
Tears were welling in the corner of the Wind-Person's eye and he wiped them away.
"Arnice was a sister of mine." He reached over and un-tucked the necklace. On it was the tooth Julian had been given in exchange for his father's sacrifice, a third of his debt repaid. "This was hers. It is good that you still wear it."
"That's enough." Julian pushed his hand away. "I'm not here to visit. I'm passing through."
"You should not come back with nothing to repay debt."
"I brought you the head."
"You know that do not do, Son of Reeves. You will see how debt is paid when we get to the dwelling."
They didn't speak anymore after that.

¤))

The Other

The connector opened up below them, the forest thinning out a little. The Wind-Person snagged a passing branch and stopped his descent. Grabbing Julian's jacket, he redirected Julian's flight toward an opening in the canopy and pushed himself off to follow.
They entered into a sort of living maze where the vines and foliage had been woven over time to form passages. After a short while there was sunlight ahead, streaming through a window. When they came into the clearing Julian saw a small cluster of huts, built from the wood of the forest and grouped around the one window. There was no particular orientation to this village. Some huts were above, others below. Their doorways facing every which way. The doors were a circle or a square rather than a tall rectangle, meant to be passed through head-first. The Wind-Person drifted to the largest of the huts, immediately opposite the large window. He motioned for Julian to enter.
"Don't be afraid, Son of Reeves, what you find inside. Is no trouble for you okay."
Julian didn't answer, but he went inside.
There was Sebastian, bound hand and foot and tied by his knees to the wall overhead. Alongside him, a porter from Call Center was also tied to the ceiling. Both were gagged and blindfolded.
An older couple in matching head-dresses of yellow fur  floated along the far wall.
They frowned when he came in.
Julian wasted no time upon entering the room. He drew his dagger and, grabbing the Call Center man, put the blade to his throat. 
"I'd like to repay my debt."
Sebastian started making noise when he heard Julian's voice, but it was muffled by his gag.
When neither the elders nor the Wind-Person who had brought him, made a move to stop Julian, he cut the man's throat. Moving on to Sebastian, Julian grabbed his shoulder to steady himself in the floating room. Sebastian shouted again but it was unintelligible.
"And this one?" 
"No," said the man who had brought him.
"But this would repay the last of my debt?"
They didn't answer. Sebastian shook his head violently back and forth, but froze when he felt the steel pressed to his neck. 
"Yes?" Julian demanded.
"Yes, but also, no," said the man behind him.
Julian lowered the dagger.
"What do you mean?"
Finally one of the elders spoke.
"This one has killed two of our brothers and one sister," she said, gesturing to Sebastian.
"You would have his debt," said the other.
"You're saying if I kill him I'll inherit his debt along with my own?"
"Yes."
Julian put the dagger back in his belt, first wiping the blood on Sebastian's shirt.
"And if I leave him?"
"We collect his debt from his flesh."
"But that one was mine, right? He pointed to the dead man."
The first elder shook her head.
"It is ours to decide who can claim payment. I know you. You are Son of Reeves. You are strong and honest. Your father said this. We believe him because he killed many of our people and was a brave warrior. You will repay your debt."
Here the elder smiled, satisfied that Julian would repay them in human lives just as they said.
"But we cannot be sure that this one will repay us." The elder pointed to Sebastian.
"He's big enough he should count as two," said Julian.
"You did not bring him to us and his debt is for us to decide, Son of Reeves."
"So give that one to me." He pointed at the dead man whose blood was pooling in the air. "Sebastian owes you more than you can take, so let him go. I'll make him come back and pay for all three lives." 
Why he was suddenly making an argument for them to spare Sebastian's life? Julian was disgusted with himself for talking about lives so carelessly. This was not the Julian he had become in the city. It didn't make sense, but he wanted to be free of this burden. It had never felt like a burden before, but that was when he believed he would never return to this place. The moment the Wind-Person had appeared, the old blood debt had become something very real. Lexingtonians would never understand. Old Ben would disown him if he knew. Julian had to get what he wanted. If he couldn't kill the Wind-People, he could at least to be one life closer to being free of his father's blood debt.
"Let him go and he'll pay his debt." He jabbed a finger at Sebastian. "I'll drag him back if I have to, but let me take the Call-Man for my own."
"What good is talking?" said the Wind-Person who had brought him in.
"You were a special exception Son of Reeves." said the first elder.
"Your father killed many of our warriors." the second elder picked up where the first left off, "That is why we let you live."
"Let me make a bargain."
"Is not a trade," the elder shouted. "You owe a debt!"
"But let him speak," the second elder said. The look he cast toward Julian was doubly severe. "The dead will wait for you to finish and so do we, but words will not repay your debt Son of Reeves."
"Today, I killed a man and brought his head because I hoped it would repay a part of my debt." Julian lied, he had killed the man to take his clothing.
"We have been told," said the second. "Good try. But it do not do, first because you must repay your debt to us like this," he gestured to the man Julian had just killed in front of them, "but also because Call-Men are friends. This one Call-Man we allowed because he help to kill our brothers and sisters. But the head you bring do not do, because we are at peace with his people. If you bring him alive we would have said he do not do, because he is a Call-Man. Understand?"
Julian nodded.
"Paulina liked it," said the younger Wind-Person, "but it was the head of a Call-Man, so it do not do."
"Is Son of Reeves done speaking?" asked the second elder.
"Not yet," Julian said. "I would like to have the one I killed here. Let me have him for myself, as proof that you mean what you say."
"Why does this matter?" said the elder.
"I'll write about it in the paper. When I write the account of my story, when I talk about your people I will tell people to stay away, to leave you alone." They shrugged, not understanding what reading or papers meant."I am with the newspaper, in my city, and it is a very big city, many times bigger than Call Center. In my city, all of the people listen to what the newspaper says." Julian exaggerated. They seemed to understand a little, though all looked skeptical.
"Not many people come this way," said the elder.
"It's important for the newspaper to share stories with the people, so they can understand what is outside of their city. Don't you have stories that you tell?"
"We have many stories," said the younger Wind-Person, "that we learned from the brothers and sisters in the old days."
"Well, it's the job of someone like me to..." (It was always difficult with people who did not know what reading was, to explain a newspaper.) "It's my job to tell new stories...and I will be telling this story to the people. They'll learn to stay away from the connector, and not to hurt your brothers and sisters."
"We do not want them to stay away. We like to trade for things, only we to be left alone. Is supposed to be this one's duty to tell travelers not to harm the brothers and sisters." She pointed at him.
"Well, that is what I do with the newspaper. I teach people. But if you let me have this man's life, for my debt," he pointed to the dead Call-Center man, "then I will tell them that you honor debts, that if the debt is repaid it is possible to be free of it."
"You are the only one that owe a debt. We do not give this chance to many."
"But it will be a better story."
"And what?"
"And your people will be a good part of the story."
"This is not a good trade."
"But it is your decision to make yes?"
"We do not want your trade." said the first elder.  "Now speak of this one." She pointed to Sebastian, who twisted, uncomfortably in his bindings, but made no sound through the gag.
"I don't care what you do with him."
"We do not let many live when they could re-pay their debt easier by dying. But this one has large debt also. He kill three of our brothers and sisters. Like we say, you are the only one we let live in a very long time."
"Sebastian is a drifter. He's passed this way before, he will be this way again. He thinks of no one but himself. I don't think he would have any trouble finding some poor fool to bring as a sacrifice."
"But he is not good, you say? He is a bad man? Is he not a strong warrior?" the second elder asked.
"Not like my father," said Julian, "but Sebastian has his guns. You've seen the weapons he carries. I've seen him kill people." Julian wondered if they might actually let Sebastian go. Julian certainly didn't want to inherit Sebastian's debt. Only a Wind-Person would judge a man's character by his skills as a warrior. That was why they had spared Julian's life, because of his father's strength. If they did decide to let Sebastian go, they might also let Julian claim the Call-Man's life for himself. "Yes," he said, "Sebastian is a strong warrior. He is a large man, and there is nobody better with a gun. I personally saw him defeat the General of the Lexington Army."
"We do not like the Lexington soldiers." said the first elder.
"There have been many through our land," said the second. "They do not give tribute. And we fear they will be trouble."
"Sebastian is not just the enemy of the Lexingtonians. He's respected in Tokyo2. He's a champion of his people. It would be smart to let him live so others could learn. And the Lexington soldiers fear him. If they heard that he was captured here, they would also fear you and they would know to stay away."
Julian was about to blurt out another volley of made-up nonsense but the elder cut him off.
"You think like a man of the wind," said the first elder. Julian's insides were twisted up but he hid his anger, even going so far as to smile. Only a Wind-Person would think they could murder a man's father, and that man would be grateful enough to carry their message to his people. How small-minded were they to think that anyone in the great cities would look up to a man like Sebastian. It was even more foolish to think that anyone would give the Wind-People a second thought. Julian chuckled a little, which made one elder smile.
"You will wait outside. We will talk," said the second elder.
The younger Wind-Person led Julian out of the hut and they waited in silence. He hated them all. He would have killed them if he could; the viciousness with which he had slashed the throat of the Call-Man had been directed at them. With great effort, Julian had kept the depths of his hostility from surfacing, but Julian was simmering now.
Calm, a little longer. Revenge another time. Right now they believe you.
This was not the same as his work as a reporter. Julian wasn't prying for information or trying to uncover the truth. Lying was the most basic survival tactic in the Wilds.
Julian had been made to swear-off lying when Ben taught him the ways of the city people. Lying had been the hardest Wilds-habit to break and the one that had angered Ben the most. But Ben had been patient and stubborn in his firmness. Later Julian learned that the city people lied in their own ways, but he had stuck to the truth, mostly. It was what had attracted him to the newspaper. 
But this was his old manner, the wild-man's bluff, and he was surprised to find that it still came naturally to him. Of course, Julian didn't have anything real to offer the Wind-People, only empty promises and stories of distant cities, but he could boast with fake confidence and make up outrageous lies. He could hold back bile and bury hatred if it would get him what he needed. He was returning to the Wilds after all, and this is what had to be done in those places.

¤))

The Bottom

Sebastian thanked the woman who came in to hand him his guns. 
There was only one bullet left in the revolver. He had killed the first Jaguar with the Palmlazr, the second with the .44. The third was attacking one of the Call Center men that he had hired to take him the rest of the way to Tokyo2. He should have used the last bullet to save the man, but life without his .44 was unthinkable. He killed the animal with his bare hands. One of the Call-Men did not survive the attack. The Wind-People had come while the other Call-Man was bandaging Sebastian's arms.
Pushing these more troubling thoughts aside, Sebastian focused on the novelty of the situation.
It was odd how one who lived in an environment without gravity did not hold onto a thing until you took it. The Wind-Person simply held the guns in his direction and released them, so that they drifted slowly into his hands while she untied the ropes that bound him to the wall. Curious, he thought, noticing how she wore a belt of weights around her waist, making her more stable than he or Julian were. 
Other peculiarities about this place dominated his thoughts even as Julian, this new, angry, and somewhat frightening Julian, waited by the doorway. Sebastian finished untying himself and wondered about the blood seeping from the body of the Call Center man. Rather than spill on the floor it hung in the air and crept along the wall and ceiling. He had already noticed this tendency for liquids to cling. It was especially troublesome when relieving oneself. 
When the guns were tucked away and the ropes undone, Sebastian turned to speak to the elders.
"I sincerely apologize for the loss of your friends."
"There is no need, the first part of your apology has been accepted." The man gestured to the body of the call-man and then to the animal's tooth that had been tied around Sebastian's neck. There would be three of these when he had fully repaid his debt. 
"Do we just leave him here?" he gestured at the body. Behind him, Julian scoffed impatiently.
"Her cubs will be hungry," said the elder.
"Yes. Indeed."
Sebastian's stomach rumbled, as it had a tendency to at the most inconvenient times.
He decided it was best to leave without speaking any longer, lest the Wind-People change their minds.
Sebastian floated out of the doorway. His Red Baron was wedged in a tangle of roots and vines. Julian hadn't spoken, but his stare bore into Sebastian's back while he struggled to dislodge the thing. He made certain the handlebars were securely collapsed and the wheels folded in and the two halves of the cart attached to his back with a makeshift strap. He was thankful for their weightlessness, as it would have been impossible to carry their full weight that way. He had barely managed to get through the collapsed walkways of the viaduct, having to disassemble and reassemble on the other side, but the prospect of walking to Tokyo2 had bothered him even more.
On reaching Call Center he had spent the greater part of his travel funds hiring men for the second leg of the journey. They had been the ones to carry his pack this far and they had insisted on all three being tethered together, a factor which had greatly exacerbated the danger of the beasts they encountered.
Now, traveling in the connector behind Julian, Sebastian was wishing Julian would throw him a rope as the Call-Men had. Julian moved much faster, being smaller and unencumbered. Sebastian had a tendency to get caught up by the wind and drift into the walls of the connector, forcing Julian to slow down to allow Sebastian to catch up. Not a word was spoken between the two, and while Julian never gave voice to his impatience, he stared at Sebastian like he was some slow stubborn animal. Sebastian resented this most of all. He preferred words to knives and silence any day.
He tried not to mind Julian's mood, instead he pondered the people who lived in this strange region. He knew that in the time before The Bomb, large cats, like the small ones that roamed Tokyo2, were sometimes kept as a sign of status among the wealthy. Could it be that the Wind-People had been the caretakers of these animals and had brought them here for protection after The Bomb?
It was possible that the connectors were just their suitable habitat, that the cats had always been here.  Maybe the Diablo Amarillo had been an ancient form of pest-control. The connectors were lushly forested after all, they worked as an air purification system, or so he had learned in one of his lessons, the plants were especially suited to the environment, though they were never meant to grow this large or untended. No, he thought, as he maneuvered around one large trunk that jutted out into the air shaft, not untended...
Once he realized it, Sebastian could see hand of the Wind-People in every aspect of the forest: vines that spanned the massive open spaces, purposefully twined together, windows kept meticulously clear of foliage, letting light in where it should have been blotted out, and the openings in the canopy, forest-hollows where the four-legged brothers and sisters prowled. All of these had the hand of the Wind-People in them.
"Marvelous," he said, hoping Julian would ask what he was referring to, but he didn't. They traveled the remainder of the connector in silence. Sebastian's ear ached; he touched it and found the blood had dried where the Wind-People had marked him. He hated to think that it would be permanently deformed with three notches just as Julian's was.
They truly do have their hand in all things, he thought, looking at the forest again. And who am I to think myself above such benevolent correction, when even the great stoics of the forest bend to their stern hand?
Julian had already removed the tooth from around his neck and put it in his pack. Sebastian tucked his own tooth into the front of his shirt. In their savagery, they are disciples of Atlas, honorable and strong. And though their ways are harsh, they are no less just than Hull herself. He would keep the tooth around his neck, at least while traveling the Wilds.
When they neared the bottom of the connector, vegetation grew scarcer and thinner until only bare runner vines remained. Then the empty chasm below presented a hard surface. Julian couldn't slow his approach, but managed to flap the wings of The King's jacket to re-orient himself to land feet-first. At the bottom of the connector was a grate that allowed air to flow through. He landed hard and, putting his fingers through the grate, managed to keep himself from bouncing back into the air. There was no gravity here to keep him from drifting back up into the air shaft but the wind helped to pin him down.
Sebastian tried to land the same but couldn't reorient himself. With the Red Baron tied to his body, he was forced to land sideways. His face and shoulder absorbed most of the impact then he drifted back up into the connector. He kicked and waved his arms, and the wind pushed him back down.
The room they'd fallen into was ringed with open doorways. Julian chose the largest one and left Sebastian to scramble after him. When they had floated a little ways down the first hallway, gravity started to take hold. It became apparent that Sebastian was clinging to the wrong surface. He remembered that floor and ceiling were reversed in the Wilds and allowed himself to drift toward the top of the hall. Now when he walked, his feet were toward Lexington and his head pointed toward the center of Atlas. In a little ways the gravity was enough to use the Baron. He removed the vehicle from his back and reassembled it, climbed aboard and hurried to catch up with Julian who had already disappeared around a corner.

¤))

Followed

"I'm bored." Kate heard Dade grumbling inside the backpack. She looked to see if Betrix had noticed, but she was walking at the front of the group, out of earshot. Betrix had picked up her pace in the last two days and looked stronger. Disnee, who had been leading her was now struggling to keep up.
Kate fell to the back of the group and opened Kelvin's backpack.
Inside, Dade was red-faced and blinked against the light of the hallway. Tiny hands rubbed the crust from his eyes and he yawned. 
"I'm bored," Dade said, wedged between the twins' blankets and extra shirts.
Kate pressed her finger to her lips and leaned in to whisper to Dade.
"Shh. You look warm in there. Why don't you leave it open a while. Just zip up if she comes back here." She patted the thin wisps of hair on Dade's head. The inside of the pack smelled sour, but Kate smiled big and winked at the little man, Dade winked back and straightened his hair, tossing some crumbs out of the bag. Kelvin looked over his shoulder and started to say something, but Kate hushed him and hurried to the front of the group. Betrix was shuffling quickly ahead, trailing a length of her shawl and pulling a tired Disnee along behind her. The bright silk scarf was still wound around her eyes but she walked with her head up as if she could see perfectly well.
It took all of Disnee's energies to keep her in the middle of the passage where the floor was mostly clear of debris and to watch out for trash or raised floor panels. More than once he lost focus and allowed her to stumble over something. When it happened again Kate scolded him.
"Disnee, how many times do I have to tell you? Be more careful."
"It's okay," Betrix laughed and steadied herself on Disnee's arm, "just don't let me fall D." She grabbed the dragging shawl and re-wound it over her threadbare top. It was cold in the Rhine, but the Adder refused to wear the bulky traveling cloaks over her body like the rest of the party.
"Yes Dis," Kate frowned, "we don't want Miss Betrix to fall."
"I didn't see it," he said.
Kate patted him on the back. "I told you, you need glasses. I didn't know it was this bad."
"I can see."
"What does that say then?" She pointed to some large red lettering on the wall ahead.
"It says..." He paused for a long while. "I'm still learning to read."
"It says 'Halva Spa Left'," Kate frowned.
"More'n I can read." Marker said from behind.
"He knows left. Dis, we need to get you glasses."
The passage ahead looked to be partially blocked-off and a foul smell emanated from that direction.
"Heard there's a Halva Spa wall, what can't get over, y'think?" said Marker. Kelvin raised an eyebrow and Disnee looked blankly at Kate, who was the only one who had lived in the city long enough to understand everything Marker said.
"You're right Marker, the Halva Spa people put their trash and waste into the pile here. It's blocked up for a quarter mile. You might-could squeeze through but best to just go left and pass through Halva Spa." When she spoke with Marker, Kate unconsciously adopted a little of his accent, but not so much that the others couldn't understand.
"Couldn't you just climb over it?" Disnee wondered aloud
"You can." The others looked at Kelv with disgust, but he just shrugged. The twins had passed this way after leaving New Lexington. It was not something they wanted to re-live.
"Why them folks they build it then?" Marker coughed. As they got closer the smell of the trash wall became hard to ignore.
"They built it for the same reason General Hewlett walled off the Rhine," Kate said, "Because they wanted to control trade through their part of Atlas."
"Same time," Marker added, "someone is the kind what rather crawl in crap than socialize, who wants 'em."
"Right," said Kate, "if you're the type that would crawl through the trash, or can't afford the toll, they don't want you, just the good folks, with money. Sorry Sam," Kelvin shrugged again and didn't say anything, but looked insulted.
"Hrm, shame about the Gen'ral him dyin' is he could'a straightened em out, sent up some soldiers over, lay down the law." Disnee and Kelvin didn't seem to understand most of what Marker said.
"Well, Halva Spa's a Lexington colony like the others, but because they're halfway to Tokyo2 they can make their own laws and tax how they choose. If we just send guardsmen here and tell them what to do they might choose to side with Tokyo2." Kate used the terms guardsmen and soldiers interchangeably but technically "soldier" referred to a full time military member while "guardsmen" were, responsible for enforcing the laws within the city. The guardsmen were loyal to the Governor, not the General.
"No good troublin' guardsmen." 
"Right, I meant soldiers."
"So y'think lettin'em alone's better'n let 'em g'over to Tokyo2, yeah?"
"Halva Spa people are happy so we let them be."
"Psst." Kate looked backward. The noise sounded like it had come from Dade. Kelvin was wide eyed, at the back of the group. "Hey Kate." Kelv waved her over. Kate let Disnee, Betrix and Marker walk ahead and she fell back to talk to Kelvin. 
"What is it?"
"Dade saw something."
Dade was peering through a small opening in the zipper.
"I saw someone," he whispered.
"Where?"
"Down the hall," Kelvin answered for him. Kate scanned the hall behind them. It stretched a very long way before it disappeared into the shadows. Nighttime would be coming soon in the Rhine and the hall was getting dimmer.
"All the way down?"
"No," Kelvin said.
"He was looking out of a doorway," said Dade. All along the main hallway were occasional doors, service panels and access passages for the adjoining halls, most of which were not easily navigable. Many had been blocked off by Halva Spa, to keep outsiders off of the main path.
"What did he look like?"
"I don't know. Dirty."
"The man from the first night?"
"I don't know."
"We'll be in Halva Spa soon. It's safe there."
"I think they saw me," Dade said again. Kate and Kelvin shared a concerned glance.
"We'll be there soon. Watch our back Dade." Kate tugged the zipper closed a little more, leaving just a tiny gap for Dade to watch through. She hurried to the front of the group, passing Marker and Dis who were struggling to keep pace with Betrix's growing stamina. As they drew closer to the blockage and the main passage became strewn with garbage, a ramp opened up on the left. Kate led them up toward the colony of Halva Spa.

¤))

Halva Spa is for Relaxation

Two sentries sat at a folding table at the top of the ramp playing bones and chips, a game of chance involving small, round bones and the rectangular chips found in broken electronics.
The hall to the right of the table led to Halva Spa's sole farming pod and was clearly off-limits to travelers. The passage straight ahead led to the town of Halva Spa. 
One of the bones players looked up long enough to ask their names.
Betrix introduced herself as Sarah, from Tokyo2, which surprised the others but the guard didn't seem to notice .He nodded and mentioned that she had passed through before with a different group. He tossed the bones, then it was the other's turn.
Kelvin, forgetting his alias stuttered a moment and blurted out "Ben, Farming Commune six" which drew a snicker from Betrix and a nasty pinch from inside his backpack. The rest of the group maintained their composure. 
"Hello Kate," said the guard, when it was her turn. "I was on duty last time you passed." Kate apologized for not remembering the guard's name. 
"I didn't tell you last time," he said, "but my name is Vidal. And you?"
"Marker," said Marker.
"Of New Lexington?" He gathered the chips this time and tossed them on top of the bones that the other guard had tossed.
"Yeah," said Marker.
"And this one?" The guard looked up from the table and pointed.
"That's Disnee," said Kate.
"From?"
"The Wilds," said Kate.
"But I live in New-Lexington now," Disnee's voice cracked.
"Do you have payment?" the other guard asked. 
Kate pulled a stack of Lexington Dollars from her bag and separated out a few for each member of the group.
"This isn't much," said the first guard, taking the dollars.
"Oh but look at the face on that one," said his partner, "and her hair is so shiny. And this one's nose is so large." He laughed and poked at the faces on the Lexington Dollars.
The first guard frowned. He had been hoping to get more money from the travelers, but the dollars with more interesting faces were decidedly more valuable. He tossed the stack onto the table with the rest of their bets.
"All or nothing," he said and the second guard nodded.
"Enjoy Halva," said the second guard, rattling his chips, already too engrossed in the game to wave them past.
"Surprising they can remember so many names," Kate said when they were beyond the table.
"Not many travelers," Marker grunted.
"They don't read most places outside Lexington," Betrix added, "you have to remember everything."
"I guess Lexington used to be that way before we found paper," said Kate, "I've just been writing things down for so long now."
"Some us don't bother to read," said Marker. 
"That's too bad," said Betrix. "I never...oh." She bumped into Disnee who had suddenly stopped. All the others had stopped too and were staring at the ceiling over Halva Spa. She had passed through on the way to Lexington and knew what the others were gawking at. "Oh, I forgot about the dragon."
Halva Spa was built within a massive, open stadium three times the size of the great Congress Hall in New Lexington. What held the group in thrall was the ceiling, a low opaque dome that mirrored the shallow bowl of the floor and glowed with brilliant holographic imagery.
A three-dimensional dragon wove itself into an intricate pattern across the entire ceiling. The serpent's multicolored scales fell off as it twined around itself, and transformed into holographic cherry blossoms that drifted lazily about, disappearing halfway to the ground.
The dragon seemed to grin as it moved, flashing dagger-shaped fangs beneath its dog-like muzzle.
"It's not real." Betrix tugged Disnee who moved cautiously forward and helped her down the stairs. As if on cue there was the crackle of static, like a glitch in a recording and the image distorted and re-set to where it had been minutes earlier, the dragon resumed his weaving and the petals fell anew.
"Strange," said Marker.
"Yeah," Kelvin said. 
"It's always a shock coming here." Even Kate, who had visited before stood transfixed until the static interrupted again and the hologram reset.
The stairs widened as they descended into the basin. The group had started to feel the warmth as they approached the ramp and most had removed their traveling gear by the time they reached the guards. Now as they descended the stairs, the warm, humid air was stifling. Marker removed his shirt and Kate was mopping at her forehead with a sleeve to keep the sweat out of her eyes. Disnee breathed with his mouth open. Though Kelvin was sweating profusely he had removed little of his traveling garb. He was bright red and looked despairingly at the scene before them.
After the reptilian ceiling, the first thing the newcomers noticed were the square, flat-roofed huts scattered throughout the dirt- and grass-covered basin. There were maybe a hundred of them, all covered in light foliage that grew toward the dimly glowing hologram. Some of the structures were built from old vehicles with small wings and what looked like motors on either side and a window in the front. Whatever purpose these things had once served, they were now built into the living spaces of the huts.
The buildings were grouped into loose clusters with columns of steam rising from the center of each cluster. 
A bright light shone from the far right side of the basin, causing interference with the hologram on that side. Green crops growing in that corner added to the overall light and airy feeling of the chamber. Small birds flitted about the dome, making their homes in the eaves of the dwellings.
"What is all this?" Disnee asked.
"Nobody knows," said Betrix.
"Well," Kate added, "we think it used to be a place for relaxation, but there is no way to be sure."
"But what is that?" He pointed to the shifting, multicolored dragon that wove about on the ceiling overhead.
"We're not certain," Kate said, "but Mayor Theo believes that she was a gift to the people of Halva from Atlas. You can ask him in person if you like. He's a friend of mine, well, Theo's everyone's friend, but he'll be especially glad to see us."
"What's that?" Disnee pointed to the light that shone from the far right, cutting through the glow of the hologram. The ceiling over this area was grey and water-stained, only a transparent outline of the serpent and the blossoms was visible there.
"Those are sun lamps," said Kate. "The light from a sun lamp is the same color as the sun and they say it's good for your eyes and makes people happier. In the old days each family had their own sun lamp, but they're also good for growing food, so when Halva got bigger they needed the lamps to grow more food."
The head of the dragon wriggled by overhead, its snakelike body working a pattern like the shuttle of a loom and Disnee shuddered. "This must be what Disnee's Dome was like," he said to himself.
"This way," Kate led them off of the paved walk and down a dirt path. 
Disnee started to ask why there were no people around when an older woman wearing a robe and sandals crossed the path in front of them. She nodded hello and shuffled off toward one of the clusters of huts. In the middle of the houses they could see the source of the rising steam, a bubbling pool of hot water ringed with bathers laughing and splashing.
The lady dropped her robe as she neared the pool. 
"Oh," Kelvin said.
Disnee gasped.
It was clear the other bathers were naked also when they stood to wave hello to the newcomers and call them over.
"What's this here?" Marker raised an eyebrow.
"I told you it was a place for relaxation," said Kate. "The people here like the baths best of all."
"We stayin' awhile?" Marker was staring off at the bath. 
"Hey, come on!" one of the voices called to them over the sounds of the bathers.
"We'll be staying until morning."
"Okay. So if I meet you up later?"
"Go ahead," Kate said, but Marker was already walking off.
"Wait!" Betrix yelled, "I'm coming!" She shoved Disnee away and ran until she stumbled into Marker.
"Marker, hello! I need a good soak. Take me with you?" She hung on and laughed when Marker hoisted her onto his shoulder. He wobbled a little under the weight of her Addware. Disnee and Kelvin looked at one another and frowned.
Kate started to object to Betrix going off, but it was no use "Well," she turned to the boys, "would anyone else like to go to the bath?"
"I need one," Dade cheered, "Kelvin stinks. Let's go after her!" In the distance Marker and Betrix were disrobing, leaving a trail of clothes as they tripped toward the baths. Marker struggled to remove his shoes while Betrix tugged him along.
Disnee's face was a shade of red that Kate had never imagined. 
"Kelvin, maybe you should take Dis and find another pool."
"No," Dade whined, "lets go after her Kelv."
"No!" Dis was standing awkwardly, trying not to look at the bathers. "I-I don't need a bath, really."
"Fine, you come with me to visit Theo. Kelv, we can't have talk of you and Dade reaching Betrix. Find an empty bath if you can. If you're seen, we have to leave. So don't be."

¤))

Things Only Get Worse for Disnee

"You can come with me Disnee," said Kate. "Oh, Betrix and marker left their packs, will you help me with those? Here give me Betrix's I want to see what she's keeping in there."
She dug as they walked.
"One of Julian's maps is in here. There's wake-ups and coughing syrup, those are probably his too. Should we take them away? I don't want her using these and getting in trouble. No, we're putting them back so she doesn't suspect anything."
Farther down the path she had repacked Betrix's things. They entered into the middle of town. Here the roads converged on a small park made up of three squat fir-trees and trampled, rocky grass. Between the trees, sitting cross-legged atop a rectangular stone pedestal, was a pale older man in white robes. 
He was Lexingtonian, with dark curly hair faded to grey. His skin was liver-spotted and patchy. It should have been dark like the hair but was mostly without pigment from an untreated skin fungus, common in Halva Spa and exacerbated by the constant humidity.
He grinned and sighed warmly when they approached but didn't move from his spot.
"Sweet Kat-a-ka, you are without doubt perfectly pleasantly present."
"And you're still here," Kate said, she put her arms around the man, who didn't move to return her embrace but sighed warmly and tilted his head against the side of hers.
"Well you are you."
"How are the people Theo? Theo this is Disnee, from the Rhine"
"Hello." Disnee stood awkwardly beside Kate and held a hand out to the man on the podium. 
Theo stared at the hand a moment, as if unsure what to do with it, then the illusionary petals and the wriggling dragon crackled and re-set again. Theo twitched as it happened, then as if noticing the hand for the first time, unfolded his arms and shook Disnee's hand. Dis had never shaken such soft hands.
"The people would speak storerooms if I allowed them, Kat-a-ka, but we are the same. We are well."
"Theo is the Mayor of Halva Spa," Kate told Disnee.
"So I am told," said Theo.
"He came here in, when was it?"
"In calendars? Maybe forty ago."
"That's a long time." Disnee didn't know anyone over the age of fifty.
"He was the wealthiest merchant-trader in New Lexington, back when there wasn't much trade with Tokyo2, he was one of the first."
"The blossoms are also well, and so is our grand friend, he pointed at the head of the serpent, weaving its intricate pattern against the ceiling."So you are Disnee. Of course you travel with others, tell me their names so I may add them to the grand register."
Theo twitched again as the hologram glitched and reset.
"That's what I wanted to talk to you about," Kate said.
"You did not come to visit simply Kat-a-ka?"
"Sorry, but no."
"So have you nothing in the way of gifts, not that I should care should it happen that you did not, but I do love gifts Kat-a-ka."
"Oh, hmm, now that I think about it," Kate rifled around in Betrix's pack and produced one of Julian's wake-up inhalers, "these are just going to get someone in trouble."
"Oh, trouble of mine! You did find gifts didn't you!" Theo snatched the box and tore it open, and popped the small, single-use inhaler in his mouth and depressed the button. His eyes shot wide and pupils dilated. "Wow!" Theo leaped from the pedestal and started walking quickly toward the far gate, "Okay, now we're talking, lovely, lovely day. Tell me, tell what was it you wanted, sweet Kat-a-ka?" 
"Names of travelers?" Kate was right on his heels. Disnee had been struggling to follow the conversation when they were standing still, now he was ten paces behind.
"Names, names, yes, well the blossoms will remember if I don't."
"Kate, what are we doing?" Disnee asked.
"Keeping up with Theo," she said.
"What is he talking about?"
"I don't always know," said Kate.
"Theo is on vacation," he said. "Wow, we haven't had wake-ups for, I don't know, don't remember. Someone has to watch the petals!" he said, twitching. The imagery overhead crackled and reset.
"The mayor's first job is to watch things," Kate told Disnee.
"Especially the blossoms," said Theo.
"Especially the blossoms," Kate echoed, humoring the old man with a smile.
"It's different in Lexington," said Disnee.
"Different, don't think I don't know it!"  He spun around and put his face close to Disnee's. "I was the biggest merchant-trader in New-Lexington."
"Yes I've told him," Kate said.
"Yes," said Theo, "well." he bent over and retrieved an object from some trash at the side of the path, a dirty white toilet bucket, half-full, and handed it to Disnee.
"What? No thanks," Disnee put his hands up and backed away, but Theo shoved the bucket into Disnee's hands.
"Disnee, don't be rude," Kate snapped when he tried to put down the bucket of feces.
"Where do you go then boy," asked Theo, "when you make it?"
"I'll find my own bucket."
"It isn't for you, this is my bucket for breaks that I take from the garden."
"But..."
"Take it," Kate insisted.
"Up to the far gate." Theo pointed to a set of stairs on the opposite side of the city. "It goes in the pile, and bring one of the guard back with you, we have questions Kate and me." He reached over and squeezed her bottom. Kate slapped his hand away, Disnee meant to scold the man but the two turned and walked off, deep in conversation. 
Disnee was left holding the bucket. 
He watched to make sure the man kept his hands to himself until they were back at their respective places, he on the pedestal, she leaning against one of the pine trees. Kate shot him a look of impatience and Disnee turned and ran with the bucket, toward the far staircase. He reached the other side of town and hurried up, careful not to spill on himself.
There were two guards in the hallway at the top of the stairs, a man asleep on the floor and a woman on an old sofa against the wall, she scraped beneath her toenail with a length of wire. Both had the same patchy skin fungus as the mayor.
"Ahem!" Disnee held the bucket out and tapped it with his foot. The woman looked up. "Name?" she said raising both eyebrows.
"Disnee?"
"Disnee of New Lexington and also the Wilds, arrived with Kate of New Lexington, Marker New Lexington, Ben Farming Commune Six, Sarah of Tokyo2. Are you leaving Disnees? We have some very nice bathes you know." Though everyone here seemed to be napping or soaking in the baths, word of his arrival had somehow reached the other side of town already. Disnee shook his head and held the bucket up. 
"Oh, yes that's the Mayor's," said the guard. "How is the mayor?"
"What? I'm just supposed to take this to the pile." He raised it higher, hoping she would take it from him, the guard kicked the other one who slowly awoke.
"Velveeto, this one Disnee has the mayor's bucket."
"Mayor?" the man sat up. "Hello Disnee."
"Hi."
"How is the mayor then?"
"What?"
"The mayor."
"I don't know, he seems, different."
"The mayor is very different, you know he came from Lexington? But he wants to be one of us. That is why he stays."
"Okay."
"Have you have you had a bath?"
"Um, no."
"Would you like to? The new visitors to our city are entitled to bathe."
"Um, maybe. Can I take this now?" Again he raised the bucket.
"You already have it." The man said.
"Can I take it to the pile?"
"Yes."
"Great." Disnee was waiting for some kind of direction.
"Yes it is. You should try our baths," said the first guard.
"Oh and have you seen the dragon?" Velveeto pointed at the ceiling.
"Where do I take the mayor's poop!" Dis demanded.
"To the pile."
"Which way?"
"As far back as you can throw it," said Velveeto.
"But don't throw the bucket," the first guard corrected.
"Yes keep the bucket."
"Which way is the pile?" Disnee demanded again.
"That way," they said in unison, looking down the hall.
"Will you show me?" 
Velveeto pointed. The other guard mimed the tossing out of a bucket. "Like this," she said.
Disnee walked off. Those two were no help. 
"Will you be coming back Disnee?" said the guard whose name he hadn't gotten. Disnee decided she was the smarter of the two, only slightly.
"I'll be right back."
"Then we will keep you on the list, if you return soon."
"I'm coming right back."
He nearly tripped down the stairs and spilled it. By the time he had reached the bottom of the staircase it was apparent by the smell which passage led to the main hallway.
Why hadn't the Lexington people taught the Halva Spa people to compost their waste, he wondered. But really he couldn't blame them. He and his ma' had never farmed or composted, if they were traveling they would just go and move on. But if they were staying in one place, they certainly didn't go out in the open like this, they found someplace out of the way, so the smell wouldn't draw animals to their camp.
Night had fallen outside of Halva Spa and the passage ahead was black. Light from the town lit the staircase but ahead he could see nothing. Kate had said the hall was entirely blocked off by the dumping grounds, but Theo said to throw it as far as he could, so he would get as close to the mound as possible without stepping in anything. Disnee couldn't see where the dump started.
Dis understood why Theo didn't want to do it himself.
By the muffled echo of his footsteps he could tell he was getting close to something large and dense, something piled high enough to fill the hallway to the ceiling. Then it moved.
The hair on his neck and arms stood on end.
A rattling sound came from forty or fifty feet ahead, high up near the ceiling. The sound was the scattering of cans and plastic containers along with sick, squishing noises. He had found the mound and something was coming toward him, crawling over top of it.
A lot had happened to Disnee since his mother's death. He had come to New Lexington, gotten over his fear of the open dome, met a girl, was learning to read, then there was this trouble with Julian and Spanner missing, and he hadn't wanted to go looking for Julian, but he had to because Kate told him to, he was afraid of Betrix but at least she was nice to him, then there was that man killed while they were sleeping. All that had happened had been new to him, he hadn't known what to think of it until it was over.
This was different. It was familiar. This fear was as natural as bluebread and water, as old as hiding holes and worn-out walking shoes. Like seeing his mother's face again, though he knew she was gone and never coming back. But to feel anything familiar made Dis feel confident, even a kind of fear.
Then it breathed, a rasping, eager breath as it squeezed over the top and tumbled down the front of the mound, landing with a splash at the bottom. Then Dis heard the slap of bare, scrambling feet, leaping up and running his direction. 
All of this had only taken an instant, the bad/good/familiar feeling washed over him in the time it took to notice the hair stand on his neck. Disnee knew out of instinct that he wouldn't outrun the thing. He thought to pull the knife from his belt and crouch down. Normally his mother would be swinging her staff over his head, in this way they presented a sharp and confusing front to their attacker and if the beast persisted and impaled itself upon her spear he would come from underneath and plunge his dagger into the heart of the thing.
But he had traded the knife for canned food to get him through the New Lexington connector. And his mother wasn't here.
It was Disnee alone in the dark and something much larger than a station-rat sprinting his way. But I've got a bucket. The thing would be on him in an instant, no time to turn and run. Whatever happens here it'll be easy. Die or not, it'll be over fast. He thought, it was a welcome departure from the last few months which had been so hard. But all of this was just a feeling. It transpired in an instant, then he acted. 
First Dis tossed the contents of the bucket at the thing that was charging him. He heard a splash and the thing must have gotten a mouthful because it stopped hacked and roared, spitting on the floor and retching. It sounded like a man, but sometimes apes sounded like men.
He backpedaled quickly, knowing not turn his back on anything faster than him. Though he couldn't see the thing, he swung the empty bucket back and forth in front of him. The glimmer of a flat, narrow blade, just narrowly missed slashing his arm.
So it wasn't an ape. It reached out and tried to knock the bucket out of his hand, its other hand slashing with the knife. But Disnee was quick, the bucket thunked against the knife hand and sent the weapon skittering across the floor. The figure lunged at Disnee but he ducked, slipping from its grasp. Now in the light from the stairwell he could see the dark shape of a man or woman, its ragged breaths and cursing snarls grew louder. Disnee ducked again and leaped backward, swung and brought the bucket up catching it in the jaw. Remnants of what had been in the bucket splattered its face.
His attacker fell and was dazed for just a moment, but it was enough. 
Disnee turned and ran. They were closer to the stairwell now. He made it in and around the corner, down the short hall and up the stairs. When he reached the top he saw the two guards where he'd left them. The woman was asleep now too. He was about to call for help when he realized the footsteps behind him had stopped.
Dis spun around. The figure had stopped at the second landing of the stairwell, as if an invisible wall prevented its going any farther.
At first he thought it was Julian, because of the long face and lanky arms and legs. When he pictured Julian being hunted down and killed by the soldiers, his body chewed on by station-rats, this is how Disnee pictured him looking, gaunt, ghoulish and covered in filth. 
"I want to make a trade," is what the words sounded like. It wasn't until it spoke that Disnee realized it was a woman. Had Disnee been from the city he might have been curious what she meant, but in the Wilds words like that meant nothing. Trading was done in the outposts. In the halls, strangers only spoke to stall while someone a floor below moved to cut off your escape.
He looked a moment longer. It was a woman, not Julian. He turned and ran to wake the guards, leaving the Rhine-dweller at the foot of the stair.
It took a moment to explain what had happened but when they realized that he had been attacked they became very serious. When they checked the stairwell she was gone.
"It has been so long since we had trouble from outsiders that we've gotten careless."
Disnee remembered his errand and told them that one of them was to come with him to speak to Theo. Velveeto offered to stay and guard the door, but his partner insisted she stay, saying he couldn't be falling asleep with a murderer at the gates. Velveeto agreed with this logic. As they walked off Disnee thought she looked nervous manning the post alone. 
"Maybe we should send someone to help her watch out," Disnee suggested.
"The others have their shifts," he said. Apparently working on your day off was out of the question. Disnee shrugged, she was more competent than Velveeto anyhow, a fact he had not disputed.
"And so the petals that come the closest to the ground fall just above us, but from here it is harder to count them," Theo was saying as Dis and Velveeto entered the square. "My bucket! You broke it."
"Oh, Disnee you're filthy," said Kate.
"We had an attack on one of our guests at the dumping pile," Velveeto told Theo. "Disnee of New Lexington and of the Wilds was chased by an outsider." 
"I'm sorry about your bucket," Disnee said.
"Dis, we should get you washed up. What happened?" 
"It was, she was crawling over the top of the garbage pile. She had a knife. I think she's the one that killed Barker."
"Whoever killed Barker was strong," said Kate, "they almost got Marker and me too."
"She was strong," Disnee said. Kate grabbed him by the arm and turned him sideways to look at the large hand print on his shirt.
"You could be right."
"He won't be using my bath," Theo said, then he started shouting. "Dove! Dove! Dove come out, I know you're sleeping in there." A scrawny young man stumbled out of the nearest hut. "Dove, this is Disnee. Wash his clothing and hair before he gets into one of the baths. But not my bath."
"But Pop I was in the middle of some work."
"What could you possibly be doing?"
"I was mending-mending my sandals."
"I'll bet you were. Kate you know my son Dove."
"Hello," she said.
"Hello-hello." Though he had a cheerful lilt to his voice, the young man didn't make eye contact, staring off at the ceiling instead. His thin hair and beard were woven together into two long braids that framed his face and came together in a bun under his chin. "He smells like slop." Dove turned his nose up and stared at the ceiling.
"He has been in my bucket, not on purpose, get him a bath."
"After I have mended-mended my sandal." Dove turned his head and watched the dragon.
"You will do it now!" said the mayor.
The boy looked Disnee up and down, finding a clean patch on his elbow, he grabbed there and pulled him down a side path.
"Dove," Theo called after him.
"Ya Pop?" he stopped but didn't look back.
"Just get him in the bath. He can wash himself, understand?"
The boy muttered something and started off again."
"Dove, I mean it, get those clothes washed, leave Disnee to himself."
"Yes-yes. Then I am back to mending-mending." He waved his arm in the air, still not looking back.
"Kate?" Disnee said, hesitantly allowing himself be led off by the elbow.
"I mean it Dove, he can wash himself." Theo yelled.
"You'll be fine," said Kate, "I'll be right behind you. Now," Kate turned to Velveeto, "we're looking for some people."
"Were you on duty the first time Sarah from Tokyo2 passed through?" Theo asked Velveeto.
"No," Velveeto answered, "but I saw Sarah of Tokyo2 in the baths with her friend, yes and she was with Sebastian of Tokyo2, who was very large. He did enjoy the baths very much. Much longer than most. It was good to see a Dome person enjoy them so."
"And you just let them pass?" Kate was surprised at this.
"The large one left his weapons at the gate and they did enjoy the baths."
"You didn't think it was strange, Sarah having all that Addware?"
"Many are the Adders from Tokyo2, Kat-a-ka," Theo said.
"Was there anyone else who came through in that time maybe a Dutch-Russian woman?" Kate asked.
"Later. After. There was one calling herself Raquet but I did not believe the name to true. She passed with another called Cocol."
"Yes," said Theo, "both names are very common in Tokyo2. They are names from the Great Talking Window stories. What did this woman look like Velveeto, and when did they pass?"
"They passed the day after Sarah of Tokyo2 and Sebastian of Tokyo2. Raquet was like you said: tall, dark hair and a long face, and looked very Dutch-Russian but claimed to be Tokyo2an. I do not think her or Sebastian and Sarah of Tokyo2 were truly of Tokyo2 blood."
"It is hard to say these days," said Theo, "now that more people traveled out of the city. And what of Cocol of Tokyo2?"
"Cocol of Tokyo2 was very much Tokyo2an." said Velveeto, "he was shorter, with light skin and dark eyes. He had long hair and some Addware himself, but only Addware of the body, not the limbs or face like Sarah of Tokyo2."
"Very good Velveeto. Perhaps you will someday be the mayor, if you watch things closely as you do."
"Thank you Theo but your son should have first vote, he has your watchful eye."
"Perhaps. Although I think sometimes he does watch too closely and too persistent on one thing or other when, to count the petals in their whole one must not watch one single."
Some noise came from behind the huts.
"Was that Disnee?" Kate turned to look where the call had come from.
"He is a curious one that Dove," said Velveeto.
"Hull sustain," she muttered and sprinted off toward the bath.
"The boy has his father's hand,." said Velveeto while he and Theo watched Kate go.
"They do wander," Theo mused.
"The one Disnee does not seem the type to scold Dove as he ought to."
"It took his mother bloodying me to teach me manners. But no Disnee is a strong boy. He can hold his own, he will stand up or I would not have let them off alone."
"Perhaps he will stand up enthusiastically," said Velveeto.
"It would not seem the case but we can hope."
"Yes there is hoping."
Down the lane, Dove walked away from the baths frowning. Kate carried a bucket of soapy water onto the road and went back to gather and wash Disnee's clothing.
Theo sent Velveeto back to his post and resumed watching the petals. The hologram reset and Theo twitched and started his count anew. 
The older woman who had passed in front of the group when they first arrived was back from the baths, her hair steaming and damp, skin red from the hot saltwater. She whistled and Theo twitched again. He looked to where she stood.
"Oh hello darling, my friend Kat-a-ka was here."
Dove's mother smiled and wrung the water from her dark grey hair.
"Did you enjoy your bath?" he asked.
She nodded, letting her towel fall to the ground. She turned and sauntered into the couple's hut, looking back at him once more before closing the door.
 The door shut and Theo twitched again, he turned his shirt collar up and hopped off the pillar.
"Well son, we can't all get lucky," digging in the brush he found the discarded wake-up inhaler and managed one last puff. Then eyes wide and bouncing on tiptoe he galloped after her.

¤))

Enter Sisa

Sisa had edged nearer to the entrance of Halva Spa, so close even that her Ma had said she was crazy and no-good to take anywhere and Ma had turned around and gone back to the hall to crawl over the garbage mound and see if the ones they were following came out the other side. But Sisa wanted to get closer, so she held her breath and pressed herself flat against the wall, inching up the ramp. She could see the back of one of the guards and hear the chittering of the chips and the rattle of the bones.
She could feel the warm air from inside and smell the sweet and salty baths, like flowers and freshwater pipes, the people who lived here smelled just as flowery. The bones rattled again and the one guard cursed, the other laughed and scooped the chips up, tossing them again. The first guard cursed again. These two were always playing. She had crept up on them before and before they used to let her inside, but not anymore. She had no money, and they said that she caused trouble.
The guard tossed the bones and cursed again when they landed wrong. The guards were on their feet arguing and shoving the pile of chips back and forth across the table, one slapped at the other's hand and all of the chips flew to the floor.  Sisa froze, her heart leaped into her throat but she didn't make any noise, ever so slowly she eased back the way she had come, but it wasn't far enough. The second guard kicked over the chair and turned to pick up the chips that had fallen. 
Sisa saw that some of the chips had landed at her feet. The sentry was looking down as he gathered the chips, searching for the last few. How hadn't they noticed her yet? The guard scanned the floor around the table then looked down the ramp. Just as his eyes fell on Sisa, who was stone still, pressed flat against the wall, with nowhere to hide, the second stepped in front of the first and pulled him to his feet. The argument and the lost chips were forgotten and they reconciled with a kiss. Sweeping the bones to the floor, they moved to the tabletop and were distracted from their duties.
These two were always getting distracted. Sisa used this moment to dart past and into Halva Spa, hoping neither would look up. She hurried down the stairs, unseen and kept low until she reached the nearest cluster of huts. The bath in the middle of these huts was occupied so she moved to the next which was also full. She slipped unseen along the outskirts until she found one that was empty. Then, looking to make sure nobody was around, she ran and leaped, fully clothed into the steamy, bubbling waters.
Sisa removed her clothes and wrung the dirt from them, tossing them to the shore to dry. Months of caked-on grime sloughed off with the warm bubbles, Sisa washed under her arms and ears, between her legs, she dunked her head, scratched the nits from her scalp and yanked a few matted chunks out of her pleat and tossed them away and wrung the filth from the rest of her matted mass of hair.
She took a deep breath and closed her eyes, dunking beneath the waters she felt the bubbles on her face, she sat at the bottom as long as she could, enjoying the hot vigorous jets, when she couldn't hold her breath any longer she burst from the water and stretched, sighing at the rush of cool air on her hot face and breasts.
She arched her back and stretched out, eyes still closed from the stinging water, she reached backward and gathered her hair behind her head, wringing it out, feeling the warm water trickle down the pert skin of her shoulders and back. Clean and fresh-smelling, she could almost pass for a city girl.
"Kelv I can't see, are you gonna say something."
"Oh!" Sisa gasped and ducked below the bubbles, covering herself. She wiped the water from one eye and peered through the steam of the bath. It was a boy, a young man maybe, at the other end of the bath standing half in the water, he was naked also and covering himself with his hands. Sisa didn't see anyone else around, she stood up.
"I...I thought no one was here," he stammered, somewhat frozen in place.
Sisa looked him up and down, smiling "Me too," she said, dropping her hands to her sides and taking a step forward.
"I kind of needed to be alone."
"I'm tired of being alone," she took another step forward. "I'm Sisa."
"I'm Kelvin." He stepped into the water so as not to have to cover up with his hands.
"Are you alone, she moved closer, hands clasped behind her back, Sisa bounced on her toes.
"Ah...umm, n...not exactly."
"Are you married?" She asked, leaning forward, one of the matted locks of hair fell in front of her face and she brushed it behind her ear.
"W...we don't marry where I'm from."
"So no?"
"No."
"My husband died."
"I, I'm sorry."
"You're nice."
She reached beneath the water and took him in her hand. Kelvin was holding his breath but he didn't pull away.
"Hi" said a high pitched voice, not Kelvin's.
She gasped and looked down 
"Was that? Sisa asked, squeezing her hand." 
"I...I," Kelv's eyes were as wide as hers.
"Hey, what's happening I can't see? Hey!" the voice wasn't coming from under the bubbles, but from behind him.
He pulled away and covered himself, backing out of the pool.
"Wait," she said, holding up the now empty hand, "what is it?"
"Brother," Kelvin frowned and turned sideways. A small person was attached to his back, a little body with tiny arms and legs and a full-sized head. Dade, who was also naked for the baths was clearly excited to see her.
"Hi," it said, "don't tell anyone about me." 
"You...you are...two?"
"We were born this way," said Kelvin.
"Why?" She tilted her head to the side. Sisa was curious, but not surprised. She had seen stranger things in the Rhine.
"I don't know, it's just how we were born. I'm sorry. I should go."
"No, you should stay," she took another step forward.
"Yeah stay," the small one yelled.
"I can't." Kelvin said.
"You can," she pressed herself against his body. He didn't pull away. Then it pinched her, the smaller person on Kelvin's back, his hand reaching around from behind. "Ouch, she shouted."
"I'm sorry." Kelvin backed away and turned to get out of the pool. "Dade, keep your hands to yourself."
"Don't go!" she said. "I'm always alone."
"I'm always alone too," said the little one on the back.
"No you're not," said the bigger one, starting to dress. "You're stuck with me.
"Brothers don't count," it said.
"Brothers don't count," Sisa agreed. "Come back."
"But, he..." Kelvin hesitated.
"Just come back." She took his hand and placed it on her breast, leading him back into the water until they were deep in the middle of the pool. "Come back here," she led him out until the water was up to his shoulders. Dade squealed and splashed as his head sank below the surface. He kicked and blew bubbles. 
"Drown it?" she asked, drawing him closer. The water churned from Dade's flailing.
"What? No!" said Kelvin, almost turning to leave, but he stayed. "I can breathe for the both of us."
"Not drown it?"
"He's okay. I think." Overhead the hologram flickered on and off and various bells and buzzers went off around the chamber. Dade was lashing out with his abilities. The water frothed and boiled around them as Dade reached out to the systems controlling the baths.
"He do that? She looked around at the flashing lights.
"He's a User," Kelv sank under the strain that his brother's abilities were putting on his body. Sisa had to hold him to keep his head above water. 
"Can you make him stop?" she asked. She pressed her face to his and kissed him on the lips.
"No," he kissed her back, "I can't."
"That's okay," she laughed, wrapping her legs around him, Kelv stumbled, but kept his footing.,
"He's going to get us in trouble," Kelvin yelped.
"I'm already trouble," she said. "Let's play before they find us."
"But, I don't know you." She stopped fumbling with him under the water and looked Kelvin in the eyes.
"I'm Sisa." 
"And I'm Kelvin, but that..."
"I know." She said and moved her hips again against his.
"Ah, but...um..." Kelv stuttered. She wrapped her arms around his neck and blew into his ear. Kelvin nearly lost his balance. "But," he continued,"aren't you, I mean isn't this a little fast?"
"Have to be fast or you get caught," she said pushing him into her. Kelvin slipped and they sank below the water, she moved against him until he forgot his earlier protests. All around, the water churned and bubbled wildly. The temperature of the baths was rising with his brother's temper and Sisa was getting short of breath. She thought to go up for air but Kelvin seized her by the waist and pulled her back down. 
Sisa had been so lonely and so grieved in the Rhine. Then to come here, she had hoped to meet someone, but this one was unexpected. Sisa leaned into him, dragging her nails along his broad shoulders, twining her fingers through his shaggy hair. Her lungs wanted  air, but she wanted him and so she could hold out a while longer. And though the brother's garbled protests still carried through the bubbles and the water boiled and frothed around them, though overhead the sky flashed the terrifying colors of the small twin's anger, here, beneath the waters they were joyfully alone.
It wasn't long before Kelv shot to the surface and gasped for air. Sisa had to help hold his head above the water.
"This is really bad," he choked, looking at the chaos flickering on the hologram above. The winged vehicles that the people of Halva Spa used as houses had activated and leaped into the air, only to crash down again, smashing huts and crashing into pools full of bathers. 
"It's okay." She kissed him again and dragged the twins over to the shallows. She straddled Kelvin and sat looking at his face.
"You come with me?" She said abruptly.
"Where?" he said, starting to perk up.
"Out there. Will you be my husband?"
"We don't marry where I'm from."
"Because mine died."
"I'm sorry. I don't know."
"Do you like me?" She asked.
"I, yeah, I guess. I don't really know you."
She blew air from her nose in frustration. Why was it so hard to find husbands? All she wanted was one or two.
"We could hunt together, and you could meet Ma, and Boto. Boto is my brother. I have a brother just like you." 
Kelvin was looking around the circle. The screams and shouting were getting closer. Sisa, still on top, wiggled her hips to get his attention. Kelvin smiled up at her but he looked more confused than anything else.
The smaller one, Dade, had been screaming and cursing since he got a lungful of air, now he yelled out to a woman that appeared between the buildings.
"Kate, it was Kelvin, he's trying to kill me."
"Dade what did you do?" the woman shouted, running into the clearing, followed by a group of Halva Spa people.
"I have to go Kelvin." Sisa frowned. "I'll see you outside then." 
She kissed him again and ran to where her clothes had fallen, snatching them up. There was no time to dress. Sisa disappeared into an alleyway on the other side of the pool.
Kelvin propped himself up and dragged his feet out of the water which was quickly becoming too hot to touch. Kate stood over him disapprovingly. There was shouting from all around. The disturbance in the hologram, the flying huts and boiling baths had sent the town into an uproar. He could tell from her face there would be no staying in Halva Spa tonight.

¤))

Halva-Mall Cache

For the first two days of traveling in the second ring they didn't speak. Julian led and Sebastian followed, restraining his tongue with great effort, only uttering a word when absolutely necessary, and even these elicited a look like the one he'd received when Julian had not been allowed to take his life.
I am not accustomed to keeping silent. Sebastian thought to himself. I hope I will not begin talking to myself like a madman. 
Sebastian had been to the Wilds, but mostly in the Dutch-Russian region where the outposts were under strict control of the government, and even then he had traveled only with a large group. Even with the group he had not ventured far from the outposts.
Fool, why are you here without help. Even those who lived in the outposts were afraid to travel in the Wilds alone. This and other thoughts cycled though his mind. Unable to voice his concerns, they seemed to linger more than normal. 
Where are the men I should have hired? Last I passed this way we had a very large escort, he would have said out loud but didn't. You know the beasts that dwell here, why did you proceed so recklessly? This wasn't your plan Sebastian, there was supposed to be a full escort. He had hoped to hire a whole party of Call-Men to get him safely through the Wilds, but the villagers had said that most of the able men and women had been conscripted into the Lexington Guard. A wholly vexing prospect, like the tyranny of the Dutch-Russian expansion all over again. 
He imagined himself saying these things to Julian who, at least the old Julian, would have surely responded with ignorance and Sebastian would have gone on to explain to him the tumult that had ensued when the Dutch-Russian dome seized control of the outposts. You'd have wished to take notes and write about it someday. As if writing about a problem can solve it.
Their imagined conversations played out in his head for the first day of travel. The halls in this area were plain, with little variance in their shades of beige.
An encounter with the creatures of the Wilds was inevitable. It came on the second day. Sebastian had been riding the Red Baron quietly behind, when Julian began looking about erratically, scanning the walls and ceiling. He ran his fingers along the seams in the metal panels shaking his head when he didn't find what he was looking for.
"Where was the last door?" he demanded.
"Door?" Sebastian's voice cracked, "achem, a doorway you say?"
"Door Sebastian, how far back was the last door?"
"I, well I couldn't say. I can't remember any at all since we entered the service corridor. I thought we weren't speaking?"
"Hull, I don't remember any either," he thought for a moment, "then we have to run." Julian broke into a sprint down the corridor, the fringe of his jacket trailing behind him like the tail of a flame. I wonder how a flame would burn in the connector, with no gravity to orient it? This was one of those stray thoughts that crept up on a thinking man when he had been talking to himself too long, when he should be preserving his life instead.
He throttled the Red Baron forward, keeping pace behind Julian who was moving as quickly as he could, looking over his shoulder as he ran. Sebastian looked behind them as well but he couldn't see anything down the long, straight hall.
"Are you sure it is necessary to maintain this speed. Surely the Red Baron is up to the task but I question whether you will be able to keep pace for long. All that time behind a desk must have taken its toll on your physique, also that shoulder you've been nursing cannot make this sprinting easy."Sebastian said it with sincerity but it drew the same look he had been getting since they left the connector. Perhaps he resents that he must run while I recline leisurely upon the Baron, or he knows how ridiculous he looks with the tassels of that garish jacket flying about and the jewels rattling against one another making an awful racket. 
"Just run. If you don't want eaten!" Julian said, sprinting even harder.
"To be, Mr. Reeves, to be," he corrected Julian but received neither a thank you, nor an acknowledgment. Julian just kept running. "May I at least inquire from what are we fleeing?"
"Dogs," was all he would answer, though Sebastian sought to clarify more than once. Julian's speed soon ebbed. Sebastian had to throttle back somewhat. For a while they traveled at a jog, Julian's pace becoming slower and slower. Sebastian rode ahead sometimes, yawning and casting an occasional worried glance backward. I'll force him to tell me what all this running was about after he forgets this business of trading my life for the tooth of a devil.
Sebastian heard the pack before he could see them. Howls and barks carried a long way but they were within sight before long, still a far distance back in the hallway. The urgency of their howling increased when they reached the place where Julian had first begun running.
Julian was growing tired. Sebastian slowed the Baron farther as Julian's pace slowed, his feet tripping over one another. 
"You don't look well," he said, noting that Julian's face was red and slick with sweat. The hole in his cheek had started to bleed again. Sebastian feared he would melt before the dogs had a chance to tear him apart. "You know the Baron does not tire, and I worry that the hounds will gain too much ground if I run at half capacity for much longer."
"They'll eat you first. They don't want both of us."
"Now Julian you mustn't speak like that, surely we can hold off a pack of station-dogs."
"Station-mastiff," he panted.
"Excuse me?" Sebastian shouted over the handlebars.
"Station-mutts," he gasped between strides, "are faster, would have caught up by now. These sound like" he sucked a deep breath, "mastiff."
"I don't understand. A dog is a dog."
"No," Julian shook his head, "Big dogs. Big big." He stumbled and nearly fell. Julian's jog was little more than a fast shuffle.
"You really have been behind a desk for some time. Julian, we men of action must maintain peak physical condition if we are to be relied upon."
"Give me your cart." Julian wheeled around and grabbed the Baron by the handlebars.
"Come Julian surely you can't intend for me to run. In my youth I could keep pace with the best of them, but in manhood I've grown into a warrior's physique. I'm not built for distances."
"Give me the cart," he demanded again. Sebastian could see blood-stained teeth through the hole in Julian's cheek.
"Surely you can't be serious Mr. Reeves."
"Hull damn you I'm always serious!" He reached back to pull the baton from his waistline but Sebastian was faster. The barrel against his forehead stopped Julian cold.
"A warrior's physique Julian." Sebastian cocked the pistol. "Now remove your hand from the Red Baron."
Julian stayed just as he was. The dogs were getting closer, their barking echoed all around.
"That's your last bullet," he said.
"To keep your indigent behind from fouling the pristine upholstery of the Red Baron, I'd give much more than a bullet."
"I don't believe you. Give me the cart." The dogs got louder, they knew they were nearing the end of their hunt. Sebastian saw the fiery orange of their monkish coats in the reflection on Julian's glasses. They were close enough to guess their number, no less than ten, each the size of a man.
"Climb onto my handlebars," he said.
"What?"
"Truly Julian, if we wish to live we must both sacrifice some dignity. Now climb upon my handlebars, the Baron will ferry us both to safety. Come now, hurry."
"I hate you Sebastian. More than the Wind-people I hate you out-Hull to the moon."
"That's a curious expression, is it Lexingtonian?"
"Told true, I hate you," he said again, but as he did he let go of the baton at his belt and removed his forehead from against the barrel of Sebastian's revolver. He turned around and hoisted himself onto the handlebars, cursing Sebastian once more as he did.
As soon as he was in place Sebastian pushed the throttle all the way forward, screeching tires and screaming away, causing Julian to fall backward into his arms. 
"My, this is awkward," he said and Julian screamed and tried to climb back onto the handlebars, but their acceleration kept him pinned to Sebastian's breast. 
He swore and elbowed but Sebastian didn't slow. Julian twisted around and peered over Sebastian's shoulder. The pack of Mastiffs dropped farther behind.
"Try not to bleed on my shirt please." Sebastian said. Julian pulled his face away from Sebastian's and found an awkward space between Sebastian's knees where he could put his feet on the floor-panel of the Baron. His hands clung to the middle of the handlebars and he perched, uncomfortable but out of Sebastian's lap, which was all that mattered.
After a minute or two, the Baron strained under their weight and Sebastian mumbled with concern. He reduced speed and the Baron seemed to strain less. Twenty minutes later the Baron began to whine again. Still they had passed no doorways or openings.
"I fear we've overloaded her."
"Don't stop now," said Julian.
"So say the maidens of Halva Spa, Mr. Reeves, but some things are beyond one's control."
"Hull are you talking about?"
"The Baron is a fine machine Mr. Reeves, but much like myself or my Palmlazr, she is only good for one strong burst. She will slowly recharge if we allow her to rest. She draws power passively from the station."
"How long?"
"Hours perhaps. Moving at such speed is a great draw on her reserves."
"Then we have to find someplace safe."
"This I understand."
"Don't stop." Julian looked like he wanted to reach for his baton and take the Baron himself but he didn't. He stayed crouched in the small space between Sebastian and the handlebars. The Baron whined as its battery wound down but it kept the jogging pace for a while. 
Just as it became obvious that the Baron was moving too slow to stay ahead of the dogs, something came into view up ahead.
An oxidized aluminum ladder was bolted to the wall below a loose ceiling panel. Julian jumped from the Baron and scrambled up the ladder. Pushing the panel aside, he hauled himself up into the dark crawlspace.
"Julian I don't know that this will work. Julian!"
"Just get up here."
"I'm not certain I will fit inside," Sebastian shouted up to the narrow opening.
"Give me your Palmlazr. I can slow them down while you get up here."
"Nonsense, you couldn't hit Atlas's grand ass with such a delicate instrument," said Sebastian, but on Julian's suggestion he dug the Palmlazr from the bin of the Baron and initiated the weapon's boot-up process. When it made its distinctive ready noise, Sebastian took aim at the dot of orange, far down the hall and fired. There was a distant yelping and commotion but the pack kept coming. They were still a mile or more away.
"Good shot," said Julian, "now get up here."
Sebastian started to disassemble the Baron so it would fit into the opening, but then stopped. 
"That opening looks very small." He grabbed hold of the flimsy ladder and, struggling, climbed to the ceiling. Sebastian was panting when he put his head through into the crawlspace. Narrow, and filled with wire and conduit, it was too dark to see how far it went and whether it connected to any nearby halls. He managed to get his head and one arm into the hole, but his other arm would not fit. 
"This won't do Mr. Reeves. I'm afraid I'm too substantial. We'll have to find another refuge."
"They can't reach you. Stay like that."
"Are you suggesting I hang here," he puffed, "I fear I don't have the endurance to hold my grandiose figure in such an undignified pose for long."
Julian just stared. Sebastian cursed and slipped on the ladder as he tried to pull free from the opening. He caught himself painfully and regained his footing. Climbing down, he fell back onto the Red Baron and tried to catch his breath. Noticing the dogs, he cried out. They were frighteningly close. 
"Julian!"
Sebastian could see his shadow crouching in the safety of the ceiling passage, but there was no answer.
"Hull fail you Julian, if this was ready I'd fire at you." he waved the Palmlazr at the dark opening. He tucked it under his gut and grabbed the handlebars. Without Julian on his lap, the Red Baron screeched off. If it had enough power he might be able to keep ahead of the pack, at least long enough to pick them off with the Palmlazr. Sebastian cursed Julian one last time, for distracting him from using the Palmlazr sooner. 
When the Palmlazr chimed its recharge noise, Sebastian turned and fired over his shoulder. No need to stop at this distance, the pack had covered enough ground that it was an easy shot for an expert marksman. The mastiffs yelped and another fell, but the pack kept coming.
There were more than he had initially thought. He did the math in his head: at least fifteen animals, five minutes between shots. Over an hour he would have to keep ahead of them, unless he could fell more than one per shot. It was possible in such a tight grouping. No telling how many he would have to drop before they ended their pursuit.
After the required time had elapsed he took another shot, which somehow missed its mark.
"Hull what was that chaff?" He scolded himself for missing. He was too good a marksman to miss such an easy target. Sebastian would stop next time and take aim. Perhaps the stray blast struck Julian in his coward's hideaway. The thought comforted him.
Five minutes passed. The landscape had not changed: bare beige walls on either side, the long hall in front and behind disappearing into the distance, no discernible doors or barriers ahead. He stopped and took the shot, dropped another of the orange mastiffs.
This scene repeated, Sebastian fired, the Red Baron zoomed steadily onward.
...
Sebastian had dropped six of his pursuers by the time the ramp appeared ahead of him. The passage ascended through three floors with a landing on each floor where it intersected with other hallways. A sign reading, "Halva Mall Access, Floors 1, 2, 3" suggested that all three intersecting hallways led to different parts of the same structure. Another sign at the top of the ramp indicated that the corridor continued onward to a similar complex some miles hence. 
There wasn't likely to be any cover in the passage ahead, just more of the same. There was a door just inside the top hallway, no manual controls but it had been short-wired by another traveler at some point. Sebastian twisted the wires together and it opened. He peeked inside. Halva Mall was a wide-open space with several balconies around a dark atrium. The perimeter was all broken-glass storefronts. 
He would make his stand at the top of the ramp. At the last moment Sebastian could duck inside of the mall. But to seal the dogs outside, he would have to pull the wires apart as he entered, a dangerous prospect for someone who wasn't familiar enough with doors to short-wire them himself. If there were no other exits he might find himself trapped.
Sebastian had always wanted to learn the skill of knowing which wires to cross and circuits to short to make a door open on its own. The real trick was to do this without electrocuting oneself, but it was largely considered to be a lost art. In the areas between Tokyo2 and Dutch-Russia, most anyplace that could be traveled had been short-wired generations ago. One might learn by studying the handiwork of the past, but the circuits looked quite different from region to region.
He considered venturing deeper into the mall to look for better cover, but the barking was already getting louder. Sebastian parked the Baron inside of the door, went back into the hall and ran to the bottom of the ramp. He had one more shot. This one he tried to land in the center of the group. There were still nine or ten remaining. They had to be tired. This wasn't a beast bred for endurance.
It had been nearly five minutes. The Palmlazr signaled that it had recharged just as Sebastian took aim. As he had hoped, the burst struck the middle of the pack, dropping two of the Mastiffs and wounding a third in a flurry of singed fur. There is something to be said for impact. He thought to himself. Though there have been times when I wish the Palmlazr possessed more subtlety.
He had hoped that shot would be enough to discourage the pack but each move he made seemed to only embolden them. They're not afraid of anything, they seem to know I'm getting desperate. And they're right. The Red Baron won't maintain this speed any longer.
They were very close now. He turned and ran up the ramp, a challenge in itself, reaching the top of the ramp as what was left of the pack reached the bottom. Quickly he ducked inside of the door, ripping the wires apart as he entered. The door slid shut, nearly taking his hand off as it closed.
The beasts had better not brush those wires together, he thought.
He abandoned the Baron against the door and climbed over the piles of empty shelving that cluttered the entryway, to check the other doors on this level. Each store in the complex seemed to have a back door that opened to the same hallway he had just entered through.
He ran as quickly as he could, visually inspecting each of the stores. The first three had broken glass fronts and seemed to contain scraps of clothing and empty boxes. The doors in back were sealed. The next couple of fronts were unbroken, and seeing no handles or door controls of any kind Sebastian had to assume these were sealed also. When he reached the fifth storefront, the glass surface parted in the middle, cheerful music and a welcoming message entreated him to come inside. 
Vibrant images of overly-muscled men and women, swimming in a large pool of blue bath water flashed upon the screens overhead along with images of talking vegetables and animals that looked like a distant relative of station-chimpanzees in a mating pose. But what relation these images had to the toppled shelves and rotten, empty boxes inside, Sebastian couldn't begin to guess. Looking past all these he saw that the door to this room stood halfway open. One of the metal shelves was wedged underneath to prevent it from sliding all the way down.
They'll get in through there. He ran to the door quickly, tugging at the shelf but unable to budge it. The dogs had reached the first door already. He could hear them coming down the hallways looking for another entrance. Quickly he tugged another shelf over, and wedged it alongside the other just as the first of the mastiffs lunged toward the opening. Sebastian was surprised at the strength of the thing as it tried to muscle the shelf aside with its large head.
He put his shoulder to the shelf and pushed back, feet slipping against the smooth floor. The bathers overhead were laughing and splashing one another, tossing a white ball back and forth over the top of a net. The talking vegetables flashed onscreen again and the wild, mating animals had their turn again while an anthemic chorus repeated over electronic drumbeats. The lyrics were something about human health and waiting for Helikon in the afterlife.
"Hah" he laughed. Only the good and the wealthy enter Helikon when they die, he thought as he struggled to keep the opening blocked. The rest of the pack were also pawing at the opening, trying to get in. He could only hope there were no open doors farther down. This would be a fitting place for a good man to die, but I'm no good man and I'll not be going to Helikon. "Fortunately, I won't be dying today," he grunted, pulling the Palmlazr from his belt. He pointed it at the screen, but as it made its boot-up noise, he thought better and aimed it at the door. As he held the shelf one-handed, it started to slip and the first Mastiff's massive head shoved through. Sebastian took aim and fired. The dog yelped and stopped struggling. He shoved the desk back in place but the pack seemed to have relented. 
He didn't dare to look again until his weapon had re-charged.
When he pulled the shelf away, he saw the dead dog's body on the other side of the door. The hall was empty. 
"Perhaps they had enough casualties left to hunt less lethal prey. Even so," he looked around the room at the piles of overturned shelves, "I had best secure my position." He considered removing the shelf from under the door so it could close, but realizing it might be his only way out, decided instead take all the other shelves and pile them against the opening. Sebastian was panting heavily by the time the work was finished. He shuffled out of the shop and back to the Red Baron.
After he had rested on the cart for a while, he carried it over of the debris and into the mall. The first thing to do was survey the perimeter for other openings, and though it looked to have been picked-over long ago, it was probably worthwhile to search for food or supplies. "Hull fail you Julian, here I am persevering on my own while you hide in your duct-work."
The mall was a large open structure with two balconies overlooking a central atrium. A dried-up pool in the center was surrounded by dead overgrown trees that had flourished for many calendars then fell over and rotted. Their planters were filled with brown water and vines and a small trickle flowed out of the planters and collected in the bottom of the empty pool. Nothing lived in the water, but muddy tracks evidenced rats, dogs and humans came regularly to drink in the pool.
Sebastian peered over the railing for a while hoping that no large creatures were prowling the interior and then started his search. The first floor yielded some empty plastic containers, most of which were too brittle to use but a few he could fill with water, no food or tools. On the second floor was a room with leather balls and clubs, nothing he needed, though the leather would have fetched a good price in Tokyo2 if it weren't chewed to pieces by rats. Julian would probably boil and eat these scraps of leather like the Rhine-folk do. I would sooner starve.
Many of the rooms were simply vacant. Slogans on the walls promised virtual experiences to be had within, but these kind of things could only be understood by Users. Others contained shelves but any clothing or goods these shelves had once held had been scavenged long ago.
On the first floor, he filled the containers with the water, creeping carefully to the edge of the pool. He hoped that no predator waited in ambush. The water at the bottom was muddy and shallow, but one of the planters that trickled into the pool looked clearer than the others and so he filled his bottles from this instead. He would wait to drink it only if he couldn't find cleaner water elsewhere. 
The rest of the bottom floor was empty storefronts, a toilet room with no running water. There was one small room with a manual door that would make for a safe sleeping space. They had been traveling quite a while without stopping and Sebastian considered resting here, but decided to return to the top floor to wait for Julian. He's bound to pass this way, Sebastian thought, if he comes out of hiding, and likely to look inside unless he has decided to abandon me to the Station-beasts. So Sebastian went back upstairs and waited by the door, listening. After an hour in the little room Sebastian started to worry. Perhaps he should move the shelves and crawl back into the hall to short-wire this door again. What if Julian passed by without opening it? Wouldn't he see the corpse of the mastiff dog farther down the hall and check inside? Or would he choose to leave Sebastian behind. Maybe he would go back to the Wilds, turn into a savage again, no longer having any use for a man like Sebastian.
Not knowing where the dogs would be, it was too dangerous to crawl out just yet. He waited another hour, maybe two. He parked the Baron in the corner and leaned in the seat, resting his head against the wall. He opened the bin and ate some of the syrup and stale soycorn bread, the last of his rations. How much longer could he afford to wait, he wondered and would Julian be able to find them food even here in these empty halls?
By the fourth hour he was beyond tired and half asleep against the wall. A not-too-distant banging sound roused him from his drowse. Sebastian sat up in the seat and sucked some drool back into his mouth. What was that noise?
It clanged again, coming from somewhere within the mall. Sebastian rolled over to the entrance and looked out into the mall. The banging rang out over and over and it seemed to be moving closer. He drove into the mall again, creeping along the edge of the balcony and peering out into the atrium. The sound was coming from the first floor. Sebastian drew the Palmlazr and turned it on. The banging continued. He descended the gradual staircase on the Baron, its large tires easily handling the gradual staircase. The banging grew louder on the first floor and still seemed to be moving. On the other side of the pool, around a corner were more empty shops and a seating area with the metal frames of once-comfortable benches and chairs, stripped of their cushion. The banging was coming from a small alcove at the end of the mall. Sebastian throttled up, and barreled toward it, rounding the corner of the alcove with his Palmlazr raised. At the end of the alcove, a man was pounding on the wall with a metal club.
"Halt, you!" Sebastian shouted out, screeching to a stop and aiming the weapon at the figure. He recognized the glimmer of Julian's tasseled sleeve and the glint of his crooked glasses as he turned to face Sebastian.
"Hull sustain, Julian I nearly burnt you to a crisp."
"Wouldn't be the first time," said Julian and he turned back to the wall and swung the golden baseball bat against it, took a step to the right and swung again, repeating the process for each panel in the wall.
"I'm not about to ask what you're doing, but did you really intend to abandon me to those animals?"
Julian shrugged and hammered again.
"Did you know that I would be here or did you intend to go on without me? Do you know how long I've been waiting for you to come out of your coward's hideaway?"
Julian shrugged again and pounded on another panel, then moved to the next.
"Very well, I can see you're not speaking again."
Julian, swung the bat again.
"Well at least tell me what you are doing?"
"I thought you didn't care."
"You're attacking the walls like a madman."
Julian shrugged and went down the wall hammering on more panels.
"Where did you find that instrument?" Sebastian asked. Still no answer. "Well this is fruitless." He sat back in the seat of the Baron and watched as Julian worked his way down the hall, hammering on each panel.
"At least tell me how you got inside without my noticing," Sebastian stammered. "You didn't push aside my barricade." Julian stopped hammering for a second and pointed at the floor above Sebastian. There in the ceiling, a square access panel, hung open. It was  the same shape and size as the one that Julian had climbed into to escape the Mastiffs.
"You didn't crawl all the way here through the duct-work?"
Julian turned and resumed his methodical attack on the wall.
"Unbelievable," Sebastian grunted, "sometimes you do impress me, Mr. Reeves, though I had hoped you would prove a better conversationalist when I conscripted you in this enterprise."
Julian continued to ignore him, though Sebastian continued to ask questions and venture guesses as to what Julian was doing.
After a while Julian stopped and walked over to where Sebastian was sitting. He took the map out of his pack and spread it on the floor. He traced some lines with his finger.
"I know I was here with my father," he said, "and the cache should be right in this wall, come look." Sebastian, eager to understand, climbed off the Baron and knelt on all fours over the map.
"Yes, I see, so this is the section of the station we are in now."
"Yes."
"And these notations here."
"This place."
"Yes I see the diagram of the mall, simple but quite clear, there should certainly be something around here."
"But I'm not finding it." Julian said, finally showing some emotion.
"Well perhaps you are mistaken."
"I was here with him the last time," said Julian, "it was right here."
"Well, hmm." They stared at it a little longer. "Julian what are these markings, see, still in red but lighter."
"Those are from before I was born."
"Could it be we are in the wrong mall?"
"No, I was here with him. I found his blaze in the ducts, I know he was here."
"Blaze?" Sebastian hadn't seen any purposeful markings inside the mall. He wasn't about to climb into the ceiling to look. "Show me what they look like, perhaps I can search for another sign."
"There won't be two." The look on Julian's face said he was not allowed to know what Julian's father's mark looked like. "Sebastian turned back to the map.
"Well look here, see this section, the old writing looks oddly similar to the new."
Julian looked, but didn't acknowledge him.
"See," said Sebastian, "it is possible, depending on where we exited the connector, that we've been on the wrong route the entire time."
"The hall did feel really exposed."
"Yes and it would explain why you were caught off-guard earlier, because the parallel passage, the one you thought we've been on, is sheltered for many miles with many adjoining rooms but no connections to other sectors see, but the one through which we fled today connects to several sectors, so each of the intersecting passages which we thought were narrow side halls, was in fact an access corridor to another major passageway, it's no wonder the Mastiffs hunt in this place, it is a veritable confluence of  highways without abutting rooms in which to seek shelter."
"So this is the wrong mall?"
"Indeed."
"But the sketch is the same for both, the cache should be right here."
"Perhaps not, look, this mark correlates with the point of entry, you assume because you found you father's blaze in the ductwork that was his point of entry, but perhaps he first entered as I did, through the short-wired, door."
"It's not like him to mark the wrong floor."
"Perhaps he was not so meticulous in his youth."
"Maybe." Julian looked up from the map. He considered this a second, then folded the map and tucked it into his pack. Grabbing his bat he headed to the stairs. 
"Come on," he told Sebastian. Sebastian struggled to his feet and mounted the Baron, following Julian to the second floor.
"The door was up here," he told Julian and they went up to the third floor and to the corner of the mall opposite the doorway, the spot directly above the first-floor alcove. Julian immediately started pounding on panels. 
"Well," said Sebastian, after a while, "I see we are back to this...exercise. Will you not reveal your purpose? My own father would say, the only place where coyness is a desirable trait, is in a pond. You see, because a coy is a large goldfish..."
"I can't believe I took the wrong path, my father didn't make mistakes like this," said Julian, swinging the bat erratically, "I didn't make mistakes like this before."
"It's an easy mistake," said Sebastian, "these halls all look the same, nobody could tell them apart, especially after all these calendars."
"Maybe to you, to people from the domes."
"Well, you are one of us now aren't you?"
"Dome people don't survive here."
The last panel made a different sound than the rest. Julian stopped and followed a seam in the floor into the center of the hall. He removed the duffel from his back and dug out the knife, wedging it into the seam and lifting the corner of a loose panel.
"What are you looking for?" Sebastian asked.
"Hold this open," Julian said, leaning into the opening, he fumbled around with some wires and the wall panel hissed and folded inward to reveal a small closet. There was a pile of things on the floor inside. Julian went to the opening and dragged a suitcase out into the mall. 
"What is that?" said Sebastian. "Reserve rations I would hope."
"Whatever he couldn't carry," said Julian, opening the case and examining the contents.
"Let me see," Sebastian leaned over but respectfully refrained from digging through Julian's father's hidden stash.
"What is all this?
"Anything valuable."
"I see that." There were canned foods, strange electronics, cards and bills of different currency in the top of the case. There were other large, bulky items wedged into the hidden closet.
Julian tucked the bills into his bag along with a few un-labeled cans, some batteries, and another knife so he wouldn't have to use his father's blade as a pry-bar. He also took a handful of electrical circuits and wires. "Can short-wire with these." He shoved them into his pack, which was looking much fuller. At the bottom of the suitcase Julian's hand touched something and he stopped. He seemed to be contemplating whether he wanted to retrieve it.
"He always saved these," said Julian and he pulled a small blue box from the bottom of the suitcase and handed it to Sebastian. "I don't know if they'll fit."
"Oh my!" Inside Sebastian found all different calibers of bullets, some would work with the empty .22, some were plastic shotguns casings, others had long jackets with slender, tapered ends. At the bottom were some heavier bullets, a single round stood out from the rest. Sebastian didn't have to read the markings to know what it was. He rubbed it frantically on his shirt and held it up to the light.
"Forty-Four he whispered. Thank you Julian."
"Sure."
"Thank you very much." He bent over and hugged Julian, who pushed him away giving an elbow on the jaw, but Sebastian hardly noticed. "I don't know if you understand how rare these are. Lovely, lovely, what are the odds?" he pulled the pistol from his belt and held it up to the lights to load the new bullet into the chamber. Sebastian could feel the tears welling up. He let them roll down his cheeks and fall to the floor. "This is a wonderful thing you have done Julian. Hey what are you doing?" He looked down again. Julian was stuffing the rest of the supplies back into the case.
"That's all we need."
"I'm sure there was more food in there." Sebastian argued.
"We only take what we need."
"Surely we need more than that, and the remainder would not hurt to have, if only to trade should we stumble across a town of some sort." 
"No Sebastian." Julian glared. Now Sebastian could see that Julian had tears in his own eyes, perhaps for joy of having found another bullet for the Smith and Wesson, but more likely it had something to do with Julian's father. Sebastian couldn't begin to understand what brute emotions were at play in Julian's feelings toward his father's hoardings, but he knew better than to push a man with tears in his eyes.
"Very well. I trust our holdings should last until we have reached our destination. You have proved competent thus far, perhaps not in the field of navigation, but I would have you know that my constitution does not take well to foraging." He noticed that Julian was holding a stack of papers that he had found in the suitcase, they had been torn from a book and in the margins was writing, the same red pen that Julian's father had used on the map. Without finishing the first paragraph, Julian folded the letters and stuffed them into his jacket pocket.
"There's more than enough here," said Julian. "If we die here it's not from food."
"Well, I don't know about that. We should at least examine the contents of this locker a little more closely lest we miss something of value."
"Someone might see." 
"Someone? You really think a person could be so far out here? And watching us?" Sebastian laughed but as he did, noticed how many ducts like the one Julian had crawled through, loomed dark and secretive, over the open mall. He suddenly felt very exposed.
Julian shoved the suitcase back into the compartment and went to the loose floor panel. Reaching in, he tugged some wires apart and the door slid shut, then he kicked at the floor panel until it popped back into place. 
"Father was good at keeping these places secret," he said. "And I'm not going to start giving them away."
"Certainly he would be proud to see his progeny following in his footsteps."
"You shouldn't be sarcastic out here."
"I just find it curious that one who has such a vested interest in civil society still idolizes a man who had no use for it."
"He taught me to read."
"Indeed, so you could follow your maps."
"That's a stupid thing to say, now you're just being antagonistic." Julian was already heading toward the entrance to the mall.
"You're right, I should be kind to you, and your father for that matter. He did collect this ammunition and you did gift it to me, and for that I am immensely grateful. Oh by the way, I sealed the entrance, we'll have to go to the other room and crawl beneath the door. You may have to move some furniture as well."
"You can do that," Julian said. "just be glad I'm coming with you. I could go all the way to Tokyo2 through those ducts. But then who would get you to Tokyo2 alive."
"Perhaps," said Sebastian, "if you don't hide in the ceiling whenever trouble arises. We shall see how invaluable is your guidance."
"You'll owe me when we get there." said Julian.
"I do hope so. Say, should we be concerned that those beasts will return?"
"I don't think they'll be back if you killed enough. We can handle five or six."
Together they cleared the shelves from the propped door and pushed the body of the dead mastiff out of the way. Julian crawled under. Sebastian had to disassemble the Red Baron and pass it under in two pieces, then he squeezed beneath and they resumed their trek down the passage. Julian carried his map and planned a new route that would take them through less-open territory. Sebastian, pleased at the dialog that had re-opened between them, kept his comments short and hoped that Julian would further warm to his company as the journey continued. Julian could be of far more use to him than he had initially suspected, perhaps even after reaching Tokyo2.

¤))

Wilds-Trick

Under the cover of darkness, two shapes stole into the circle of sleeping bodies, barefoot and with the light tread of practiced stealth they stepped over the bodies until they reached the one they wanted. One of the sleepers sniffed at an unpleasant odor and hid his nose in a blanket, another muttered and stirred in his sleep but didn't wake.
Betrix lay deaf and dumb from drinking too much coughing syrup, in a state like death, atop a knot of twisted bedclothes, mouth agape, a trickle of saliva pooling in her ear the only evidence of life. The shorter of the shadows bent over the small, but heavy body and gingerly unwrapped the sleeper's arm from a clutch of empty coughing syrup bottles, setting these one at a time on the floor, careful not to make a sound. 
The shape reached down and lifted Betrix onto its shoulder. Her head lolled to one side. The larger shape stepped forward and helped the first to shoulder the burden. Her weight shifted and Betrix's hand opened, dropping another coughing syrup bottle. But just as fast, the second shape lunged, and with the soft scrape of toenails on the metal floor, caught the bottle and placed it alongside the others. The two stood a moment, in the middle of the sleepers, the larger figure gesturing toward the remaining bodies with a gutting stroke, but the first shook its head and stepped over them and out of the circle. The large shadow lagged behind a moment, dagger in hand. 
Dade sniffed at the odor and mumbled in his sleep. A sharp clucking from the smaller form caught the larger shadow's attention and it sheathed the dagger, stepping over the remaining travelers and off into darkness. 
A minute later Kate approached from the other direction. She hopped up and down a few times and shook her head back and forth, then sat on her own blanket. It was hard to stay awake in the sooty-blackness of this length of hallway.
The first night out from Halva Spa they had been on high alert. They had been asked to leave the city almost as soon as they arrived. That was Kelvin's fault. 
After Disnee's encounter with the Rhine-person in the dump, they had kept two on guard all night long. That night had been as uneventful as this and they were all tired from lack of sleep. Kate thought she could use another long soak in the Halva Spa baths.
Kate knew she shouldn't be going so often to the little room they had been using as a toilet but this night had been quite dull, and there was a small cat sniffing around when she first went there. She hadn't anything to catch it with, but this time she had brought Marker's metal pipestaff so she could corner the thing and kill it. There had been little to eat but soycorn biscuits since leaving New Lexington.
Halva Spa grew some interesting crops but Kelvin's incident had gotten them kicked out of the city before they had a chance to trade. What little they had would have to last until Tokyo2.
Suddenly feeling very sleepy, Kate decided it would be best to lie down. She couldn't see much more with her eyes open than closed, she reasoned. She would only rest a minute then she would sit up again. Kate closed her eyes and stretched on her blanket. One fingertip brushed against an empty coughing syrup bottle and sent it clattering into the others, which toppled over noisily and rolled around.
"I knew I should have taken those from you when I had your pack. Are you alive girl?" she reached out to smack Betrix's shoulder but her hand met only the empty blanket and the metal floor. "Betrix?"
Kate felt around the bedclothes beside her. They had an unpleasant smell.
"Marker," she whispered.
"What," he said, half-asleep.
"Betrix isn't here."
"Where she go?"
"I don't know Marker."
"Boys wake up." Kate roused Dade, Kelvin and Disnee, none of whom had heard Betrix leaving. Marker fished around in his pack for something. He crawled over to Beatrix’s blanket with a small rubber toy. When he squeezed the purple dinosaur it squeaked and began to sing a distorted melody. 
"What out Hull is that?" said Kate.
"A light." Marker said. The thing emitted a faint purple glow. Which lasted until the end of the song when it had to be squeezed again. Kate nodded.
"Shine it here,"
*I love you...,* the glowing dinosaur sang over discordant chimes. By the low, purple emanation, the two made a grim inspection of Betrix's empty blankets. There were the empty bottles, the twisted bedsheets which smelled foul.
"Maybe she was sick on herself." Marker sniffed.
"She wasn't in the toilet room," said Kate, "I just got back from there."
*We're a great big family...* the light sang.
Marker shook his head.
"I know I broke watch." Kate apologized.
"Boys." Marker grabbed his pipestaff from Kate and thrust it into Kelvin's hands. "Go that way an' look for Betrix. He pointed in the direction opposite the toilet room. You too Dis. "Far as tha' first corner then come back." Still groggy and unsteady on their feet, the boys shuffled off.
"Maybe she ran off." said Kate.
"Don't think so." Marker said counting the empty bottles. "Not less she crawl'd."
"Damn, I lost her, she was my only lead Marker."
"Her things are still here." Marker grabbed her bags.
"So she didn't leave on purpose, but what happened to her."
"Smell this." He held a corner of the blanket up to her nose.
"Ugh she soiled herself."
"No, smell again." Kate sniffed the blanket again.
"It smells like Dis after he rolled in the dump."
"M'hmn" Marker nodded. "Rhine-folk."
There was a clang and a thump and a shriek rose from the direction the boys had gone.
"Boys!" Kate shouted.
There was no answer. For a long tense moment the only sound was the jingling of the purple dinosaur's, *I loove youu* reel. Then the two pairs of hurried footsteps could be heard from farther down. When they came within the ring of purple light, Kelvin was splattered across the face with blood. Disnee was holding the pipestaff and grinning, in his other hand was the body of the small cat that Kate had seen earlier.
"Meat!" Marker said and Disnee smiled. 
"I'm not eating cat." Dade shouted from behind Kelvin.
"You don't get to eat," Kelvin yelled at Dade. "We didn't find Betrix," he said to Kate and Marker.
"Boys, drop the cat, we have to look for Betrix." Kate sounded nervous.
"She's really missing?" Dade was awake enough to grasp the situation.
"Boys you go that way." She pointed the opposite direction. "Check the toilet room. If she's not in there come back and guard our things. We'll go that way. When you get back, stay here. Don't wander off. You've caused enough trouble already."
"Keep tha' pipestaff," said Marker, "you're strong 'nough ta' use it."
The boys ran off to the toilet room. Marker squeezed the dinosaur. It started to sing again, *I loovee youu, you loove mmeee* and cast its soft purple light over the camp. 
"They won't find anything." Kate said to Marker when they were gone, "I was just down there when Betrix disappeared."
"Why don't we take them with us?" he asked.
"They would just get in the way." She grabbed a weapon from her bag. Marker grabbed the workman Barker's blade and the two hurried toward the first side passage.
Kelvin, Dade and Disnee did as they were told and checked the toilet room, not an actual working toilet, of course, but an empty room with a hole in the floor. There was nothing in the room, and nobody in the hole. Kelvin could feel Dade using his abilities to search the different cameras and sensors in the area 
Outside of the room Kelvin started back toward the camp, but seeing that Disnee had stopped, he turned back. He looked at the boy in the light from the doorway, Disnee was staring off down the hall wanting to keep looking for Betrix, not to go back to the camp.
"They don't trust us." Kelvin said, not really knowing what else to say to the boy. He could feel Dade pulling hard on his strength, using his abilities to search the cameras around the station.
"Yeah," Disnee said, "but she needs our help."
"But they told us to stay here."
"I'm not afraid." He was still looking off into nowhere.
"I don't think they took her that way."
"Should we follow Kate then?" Disnee wondered.
"I don't think you could help much."
"You don't know that," said Dis.
Kelvin wanted to say that Disnee hadn't helped much so far. But he didn't. Instead he handed the pipestaff over to him, 
"Here, you use this," he said. 
The weapon was too heavy for him, but he took it.
"I see her," said Dade.
"What?" Kelvin spun around, Disnee ran in front of him with the staff.
"Not here, two floors down."
"Down? There shouldn't be any stairs here." This part of the main corridor was cut off from the surrounding floors. "We should go tell Kate."
"I'm going to help Betrix," said Disnee.
"What about the Rhine-person," Kelv felt he had to be the voice of reason. He was in charge of these two. 
"I'm not afraid of her," said Disnee, "I wish I had my knife." 
Kelvin shrugged.
"They're getting away, go that way," Dade said and pointed farther down the hall past the toilet room.
Disnee ran the way Dade had pointed. Kelvin looked back toward their camp one last time, then jogged after him. He was tired from the last few days, and more so from Dade using his abilities to look around the station. 
"You have to hurry," Dade said and Kelvin ran faster.
After five or more minutes Dade told Disnee to turn, so they went left, and two or three halls over then turned straight again. 
"They're slowing down, but they're still going that way," said Dade. 
Disnee seemed to want to move faster, but Dade knew where they were going, and he was only as fast as Kelvin could run.
They cut over farther until they entered into one of the promenades, long scenic walkways on the edge of the Rhine where one wall was lined with long windows that looked out of the station and every couple of yards a planter with an overgrown tree crowded the hall. Sometimes it was enough to duck, other times the branches were so thick the boys had to climb and squeeze through a gap higher up before sprinting to the next blockage. Station finches exploded from the foliage when Kelvin crashed into a tree.
"I can't see her" Dade said, but neither Dis, nor Kelvin slowed down. They kept sprinting, leaping fallen branches and holes in the floor. A parrot scolded the boys for interrupting its rest. Disnee jumped over a fallen tree and started to run to the next when Kelvin caught him by the shirt collar.
"Stop."
"No," Disnee cried, "she trusted me, I'm going to help her."
"No," said Kelvin, "look." A small pile of dead leaves was covering a sheet of thin metal on the floor ahead of them.
"I should have seen that." 
"I didn't want you to twist your ankle."
"No, it's more than crooked floor." Disnee stepped forward kicked at the metal. The thin sheet crumpled and fell along with the leaf pile into a deep pit below. "That would be bad."
"That's dangerous." Dade shouted, "wait I can't see. What is it?"
"Trap," said Disnee. He got down on his stomach and peered into the dark hole. "Wait." Disnee got up, leaned the pipestaff against the wall felt along the base of the wall until he found a small access panel. "I wish I had my knife, I'd get this out." He tried prying at the panel with his fingernails.
"What are you doing?" Kelvin stopped peering into the hole and went to where Disnee was cursing and struggling with the panel.
"I'm trying to get this open."
"Well I know that."
"Just help."
"Here." Kelvin reached into his pocket and produced a small paring knife wrapped in canvas. Disnee looked at it like he wanted to snatch the thing and run off. He plucked it carefully from Kelvin's palm and unwrapped the blade, then using the point, he popped the panel loose from the wall. Inside was a bundle of cables. Disnee selected the thickest cable and separated it from the rest. He tugged until several yards were out of the wall. 
"That's all I can get." He wrapped the knife up and tucked it into his belt.
"What are you doing?" Kelvin took the knife from Disnee's belt and put it back in his own pocket."
"I still can't see them," said Dade. He groaned a little as he reached out to the station to try and look around with the cameras. Kelvin grabbed the pipestaff from the wall and leaned on it to steady himself.
"I'm looking in that hole." Disnee grabbed the pipestaff out from under Kelvin. Kelvin gave it up and moved to lean against the wall. 
"Take it easy Dade," said Kelvin. Dade was sapping what little was left of his strength.
Disnee lifted the pipestaff up and, with the butt of it, struck the cable, slicing it open. Kelvin jumped backward expecting an arc of electricity, but instead, the light that shone forth from the cable was a solid white, flickering just slightly, but not sparking like electricity.
"Fibro-optech," said Disnee.
"Hey," Dade screeched, "the cameras went out."
"Things stop working when you cut these." As if on cue the lights in the promenade turned off. Only the fiber-optic cable illuminated the hall. Disnee gave the pipe back to Kelvin. He dragged the cable over to the hole in the floor and pointed it into the space below. Kelvin lay down next to him to peer through.
The light showed another hallway underneath, this one was full of pipes, shelving and bundles of cable. On the floor beneath the hole were chairs, tables and chopped up furniture, all turned upside down. The feet of these had been ground into spikes that pointed upward to impale anyone falling through.
"What is it? I want to see!" Dade yelled. Kelvin turned sideways so Dade could look. "Ooh, you'd have been a stabbed-rat Dis."
"Someone hunts here," said Disnee.
"So we're close?" Kelvin asked.
"We hunted far-far, my mum and me. But maybe we're close." Disnee shone the light around the rest of the hall then tossed it down until the end of the cable brushed against the spikes. Then, after tugging to make sure it was securely attached within the wall, he swung over the edge and lowered himself down. When he reached the bottom he kicked a couple of the things away and dropped down to the floor. Then he pushed some of the tables out of the way and tipped others so their sharpened legs were not pointing upward and called for Kelvin to toss him the pipestaff and climb down. As Dade and Kelvin were struggling to climb down, Disnee grabbed the lighted end of the cable and shone it around. Finding the metal table with the longest sharpened limb. He hammered at this with the pipestaff until it came loose, then handing the pipestaff to Kelvin, Disnee felt the heft of the long, sharpened leg.
"Better than nothing," he said waving it around like a spear.
"Watch your hands." Kelvin pointed to the burrs from where the bolts had torn free. Dis jabbed the pointed end into an upturned table top a few times, and satisfied with its effectiveness he grabbed the glowing cable again and surveyed the rest of the hallway. It only went a short distance before rounding a corner.
"Dade can you see cameras?"
"No, it's dark everywhere."
"Keep going," Dis said. He was already halfway down the hall. Kelvin stumbled after him with his hands out in front to keep from hitting a wall.
"Hurry up," said Dis.
"I can't see anything."
"I see lights," Disnee yelled from around the corner.
Kelvin ran until he bumped into the wall, then he turned right and walked until he felt the corner. The faint glow was many miles farther. Kelvin followed the sound of Disnee's footsteps, trying not to run into anything else in the dark. 
After a while, their pace grew slower. Even Dade's breathing had become ragged and the camp felt very far away. There would be no running to Marker and Kate for help now.
"What do we do if we find them?" Disnee said breathlessly. Kelvin and Dade had no answer. 
How long had it been since Dade had been able to see Betrix's captors on a camera? Rushing headlong into unknown danger was feeling less and less of a good idea. 
They reached a lighted hall. It was just a dim office corridor, lined with empty rooms. This part was clear even of trash and animal droppings, nothing but bare, water-stained hullmetal and flickering lights. Dade said that this was the right way. He recognized this from the cameras. Disnee pushed them onward.
They kept moving, first at a sprint, then a jog, then at little more than walking pace. After nearly an hour of moving like this Dade shouted.
"There."
"What?" said Kelvin
"Right there."
"We can't see what you're seeing."
"Another camera. They're right under us!"
The three stopped and looked down. The hullmetal floor was the same as elsewhere, maybe a little smoother-worn in the middle than on the edges. Disnee turned and looked about. He dropped to the floor and pressed his ear to the ground. Kelvin watched closely.
"What do you hear?" Disnee shook his head.
"Nothing. Do you smell it?" 
"No."
"I can smell her."
"Betrix?" Dade asked.
"The Rhine-person."
"I don't smell anything."
Disnee stayed on all fours and crawled up to the wall, sniffing until he reached a seam in the panels that lined the hallway. He pounded on the seam a few times, then he pulled away and scrubbed his nose. A black, putrid substance leaked from between the panels and onto the floor.  He looked up and down the hallway. As far as he could see there were no stairways in this hall, there hadn't been any for miles. 
Disnee kicked at the wall. It was solid but flexed a little where the liquid was seeping through. He jabbed at the seam with his improvised spear but it bounced right off. He tried again, lower where the metal was corroded. The noise echoed down the hallway.
"They're going to hear you" Kelvin whispered. The spear tip did not quite fit into the seam.
"Give me your knife again." Dis held his hand out, getting down onto one knee. 
"What for?"
"Just you give it."
"Don't break it."
 Disnee glared at Kelvin and snatched the knife from his hand. Wedging the blade carefully into the seam, he managed to flex the panel just a little. More sludge trickled out.
"Wilds-trick?" Kelvin asked, feeling unhelpful and that maybe he shouldn't be worrying about his knife when Betrix needed their help, and when had Disnee started bossing him around?
"No Wilds-trick. This hullmetal's too strong. Can't bend it loose. But maybe, sometimes the metal under a toilet room gets soft." 
Dis picked up his spear and wedged the tip in where he had pried the seam open with the knife. A flood of brown/black slop poured from the seam and over their feet, Disnee cursed and Kelvin covered his face and retched. Dade yelled melodramatically about the smell.
"It's worse when it opens over top of you, " said Dis, "but sometimes it goes to a place you've never been before."
"It is a Wilds-trick," Dade marveled.
Disnee pried with the spear and opened it further. Kelvin followed his lead and wedged the pipestaff into the seam. Between the two they were able to open it just enough to squeeze through. Dis had to leave his new spear to wedge it open. Kelvin gagged on the smell coming from the hole. 
Dis took a deep breath and disappeared into the opening, taking Kelvin's knife and pipestaff with him.
"I don't think we'll fit," said Kelvin. 
"We'll fit. Eww, I don't want to go through that." Dade pinched his nose.
"Have to. He has my knife." Kelvin kicked some of the slime aside and got down on the floor. He stuck his head into the hole in the wall. This was a narrow space between two walls, ankle deep with toilet waste and cockroaches. He had to put his hands in the muck to crawl forward. 
No sign of Disnee ahead, but there was a light. He crawled toward this, through the narrow gap. Dade tried to keep his arms and legs pulled in, he fussed when his head bumped the top of the crawlspace and yelled when it dripped on his face. When they got closer they could see the light came from a maintenance panel that opened into a small room. This room, like the crawlspace, was half-a-foot deep with human waste.
"This is as bad as Halva Spa's dump." Kelvin said.
Disnee was standing in the doorway to the room. The boy had taken off his shoes and set them aside. He signaled for Kelvin to be quiet. Kelvin waded through the muck until he reached the door. He too removed his shoes. For a moment he thought about keeping them. They were too filthy even to carry, but who knew when he would find another pair. He set his shoes next to Disnee's.
Kelvin started to say something else but Disnee tugged on his sleeve. 
"They're down there." Dade whispered. "I can still see them.
Outside the door to the toilet room was a dimly-lit staircase. The faint sounds of arguing came from the bottom of the stairs.
"We can go down," said Dade, "they won't see us." 
Kelvin held his knife ready as they descended into the lower level, he felt less confident without Marker's pipestaff. The conversation in the other room became louder the closer they got to the doorway. 
The voices were raspy and strange but the language was the same used throughout the Rhine. There were at least three voices.
"Because you brother needs wives to give him children," said the first voice.
"Ma but I need husbands for me."
"You are selfish Sisa" a third voice shouted, "always selfish and you have children already."
"Mother I have no one."
"Hush you both. Boto, Sisa is older, she has a child already. What grandchild have you gave me?"
"None yet."
"That I thought. Sisa, this girl is mine, not just for Boto, she is here to give me a grandchild."
"But I give you grandchildren Ma."
"Hush girl you can give me grandchildren any time already."
"But my husband is dead I have no husband."
"You have Boto, but still you give me no more grandchildren. Selfish Sisa, selfish Sisa, oh you hurt me." The mother was crying. "Why don't you give me more grandchildren?"
"Boto is my brother, the child would be sick, I need a real husband, why can't I have the two boys?"
"I tried for the small boy at Halva Spa, Sisa. If you were with me we would caught him."
"But why this girl?"
"Sisa," said the brother, "you should be happy for my new wife."
"But Ma."
"Nothing Sisa, you saw the soldiers killed your Da, and your brothers and sisters all, now I am so alone Sisa, your mother is so alone and you will not make Ma another grandchild. Your little one will be all alone with no brothers and sisters, who will protect her?"
"My children will protect her Ma," said the brother, "and we can get more than one wife for me and have a big family again."
"He is right Sisa, Boto can have more wives, but you only need one husband."
"You do not even need a husband," the male voice said, "go and find you a man in Halva Spa then come back here to have the child."
"That's not fair."
"Nothing is fair," said the mother.
"You smell like you had a good long bath," said Boto, "All smell like flowers in Halva Spa. You not find a man?"
"If we could both have a child for every husband Sisa," the mother spoke, "I would steal us both many husbands. But that is not the way, so we get wives for your brother first. And husbands for you only if they are young enough to learn to stay. The smaller boy might have stayed. Oh but Sisa you do not help me to catch him, you want one your age. There is no taking one like that, he would not stay."
"He would stay Ma we would make him happy to be living here."
"He was a dome-boy Sisa, they do not stay. They run away and come back soldiers and kill your husbands Sisa, they always do." The mother had started crying.
"Ma tells true they always do not stay, even the young ones."
"That is why this one is a good wife, she cannot see to run away. You should be happy for Boto that he has found a good wife."
"Hear that?" The three fell quiet. 
"Was it her?" She meant Betrix, who was unconscious in the corner.
"No she's not moving."
"She breathing?"
"We hope."
"No, something else."
The mother walked to the door. The hallway and stairs beyond were empty. More noise came from the top of the stairs, the toilet room. She took one step toward the stairs, but couldn't see what was around the corner. She turned to address her children.
Then the door slid down from the ceiling with a cloud of dust and dirt, screeching from two-hundred calendars of sitting open, trapping the Rhine-dweller in the hallway and sealing her children on the other side. She ran up and banged on the door and was answered with pounding from the other side. 
At the same time Disnee and Kelvin came rushing back down the staircase. Dis held Kelvin's knife, and Kelvin the pipestaff. 
Trapped in the dead-end hall, the Rhine-dweller raced forward, meeting her attackers at the base of the stairs. It was the same woman who had attacked Dis outside of Halva Spa. Kelvin shouted as he jumped down the last few steps, swinging the pipestaff ahead of him and the Rhine-woman stepped backward, stumbling a little, just barely dodging his swing.
He swung again and again moving forward as she was scrambling back. Disnee followed, waiting for the opportunity to race forward with the knife. Though Kelvin's third swing missed, it caused the Rhine-woman to fall. Kelvin stepped forward to bring the butt of the pipestaff down, but in doing so he got close enough for the Rhine-woman to hook his foot with her own and pull it out from under him. Kelvin tripped and she sprung to her feet and grabbed the end of the pipestaff, pulling it from his grip. 
Disnee rushed with the knife but before he was close enough she knocked his arm with the pipestaff.  He jumped backward before she could land another blow. Instead she struck Kelvin who was not yet to his feet, in the side of the head. He fell over moaning. Dade cried out from underneath his brother and suddenly the hall went dark.
The User was angry; red lights flashed from behind the paneling and a white gas sprayed from the fire-suppression system hidden in the ceiling. 
"A User" she growled, keeping one eye on Disnee, who stood a few paces away, unsure of whether to run or charge, she bent down to look at Dade. "You are a User," she said.
"Let go of me." He flailed his small arms and legs as she rolled Kelvin over with her foot.
"Open the door." She held the pipestaff against Dade's head.
"Eat Hull."
At this point Disnee unfroze, he lunged tentatively forward with the knife, not fast enough to land a strike, but managing to dodge when she lashed out with the pipestaff.   The end of the pipestaff shot toward him. He dodged back again. Another swing sent him back to the staircase. Dade tried to trip her, but his arms were too short, Kelvin turned over and slurred something the Rhine-woman stepped over him in pursuit of Disnee. Still the lights flashed red and the choking dust fell from the ceiling.
Now Dis turned and ran, clambering up the stairs. This time, she didn't shout after him. The Rhine-woman threw the pipestaff. It knocked his feet out from under him and sent Disnee sprawling across the stairs. She grabbed his collar and tossed him to the bottom of the staircase. The knife flew out of his hand and out of reach. 
Dragging Disnee alongside Kelvin she knelt on his chest and pressed the pipestaff against both boys' throats. Dade, on his brother's back, was pressed against the floor. He coughed in the fire-suppressant dust.
"Open the door!" She pressed harder. Dis was turning blue. Kelvin had stopped moving though Dade screamed beneath him, choking on the dust. "Last time. Open now boy." She reached below Kelvin and grabbed Dade by the ear, twisting. Still she kept her weight on the pipe. Dis had stopped squirming and lay unconscious. The Rhine-woman leaned harder on the pipestaff and reached behind Kelvin with both hands. Dis was kicking and biting. She pinched his nose shut and covered his mouth with her hand. 
"Open, open, open, open..." she squeezed her hands against the one brother's mouth and pressed the pipestaff against the others' neck. Dade kicked and tore but his small hands couldn't pull hers away. The lights flickered again. Again the fire extinguishers released a blast of powder and a loud siren wailed. Sparks showered from an electrical malfunction at the top of the staircase, and as his eyelids drooped and arms ceased their flailing, the noise slowly died, normal lights came back on, and the door screeched back into its recessed place in the ceiling. The Rhine-woman's children crawled under as it opened, racing to her side. The last thing Dade saw was the girl from the baths in Call-Center.
"Ma you got me two husbands!"
"Three, Sisa, this one is two."
"You very happy now?" asked the brother.
"Yes Boto, very happy." She smiled as she knelt over them, tweaking Dade on the nose. Dade couldn't help smiling back.

¤))

Children of Atlas

"Boto Boto Boto Boto Boto," Sisa hummed and stroked Kelvin's hair. Boto was crouching in the opposite corner with his hand on a blade. Betrix was by his side. She had started to come-to but was tightly bound. The siblings' mother sat on a collapsed sofa in the middle of the room. She kept both feet flat on the ground as if awaiting the next surprise attack. She listened to them argue.
"Sisa," Boto said with a loud and frustrated sigh. "So hard already, it is so hard already with the one and the two. So hard already Sisa and no reason, nothing for keeping two husbands for you."
"Boto Boto Boto they're good boys Boto, I like them all."
"There is something wrong with this one. Tell her Ma, something wrong with this one!" He meant Dade and Kelvin. They had all agreed that Disnee was to be kept, but Boto felt Dade and Kelvin were both too old, and their deformity unhealthy.
"He is two," said Sisa, "two and he is from Tokyo2. Are they all like this in Tokyo2, all stuck together like this?"
"Sisa, how many Tokyo2 men you see in Halva Spa, do they ever look like that?"
She pouted and looked away from her brother.
"There could be some like him."
"There is this one," said the mother.
"Not one. He is he two." Sisa brushed Kelvin's shoulder.
"I don't know anyone like me and Kelvin," said Dade.
"Ma it's talking, can I kill it?" Boto held the blade up for his mother to see.
"Shut up Dade!" Kelvin grunted through a strip of cloth that had been tied around his mouth like a gag. He was bound, hand and foot and lay facing the wall. Sisa stroked his hair and stared at Dade, like a child with a baby bird.
"Look it's not even scared."
"Is a User," said the mother, "very dangerous."
"I'm not dangerous," said Dade, "look." he wiggled his arms and legs showing just how little he could move on his own. He hadn't needed to be bound.
"He is dangerous. Will bring the whole ceiling down on us." Boto pointed to the stairwell, still filled with fire-retardant-dust.
"Boto, come to the hall." The mother stood and motioned for her son to follow her outside. A pole had been wedged into the doorway, just in case Dade should try to seal the room again. 
Sisa leaned over and kissed Kelvin's hair, running her fingers through it and humming to herself. She looked at Dade with a curiosity that she hadn't had in Halva Spa.
Dade tried to reach out to the cameras so he could see and hear what the mother and brother were talking about in the next room over, but the cameras he had sensed earlier had been disabled. In fact, most of the systems he had felt earlier, he could no longer sense. Looking more closely about the room, he noticed several floor and ceiling access panels hung ajar, the severed ends of wires dangled from the ceiling panels. A pile of mechanical devices lay smashed beside the broken couch along with metal canisters covered in the fire-suppression dust. 
Dade had been nervous before, though he was never truly scared, that was a Kelvin emotion. But a deeper concern set in when he realized that these supposedly simple Rhine-folk had located and disassembled any Atlas systems that a User could use against them, and all without accidentally cutting the power to the lights. Maybe they really could keep him prisoner. If Ma and Boto didn't decide to kill him instead.
"You won't let him hurt us will you?"
"What is your name little man?" She asked him.
"My name's Dade, I'm not little."
"But you are a man?"
"I'm not a baby. We're just, different."
"Different?" she stared at him a minute. "Are there more like you?"
"I don't think so," said Dade. Kelvin was angry and breathing heavily through the gag in his mouth, but Dade was enjoying the attention. "Is Sisa your real name?"
"Yes.".
"It sounds like sister."
"My brother's name is Boto. Oh and I have a baby girl. She's hiding now, but you can meet her, unless..." She looked back at the doorway where her mother and Boto were discussing Dade and Kelvin's fate. From their hushed voices it was hard to guess the tone of the conversation. "He doesn't want me to be happy," she said.
"I don't think my brother wants me to be happy sometimes either."
"But he wants me to be safe," said Sisa, "even if he forgets sometime and does things that hurt."
"Sometimes I think Kelvin only takes care of me because he has to. He won't even let me eat." This bothered Kelvin.
"That's not true," Kelv grumbled through the gag.
"Boto brings me food all the time," said Sisa. "He thinks I am not the good hunter, but he is wrong" Just then, Betrix sat up across the room.
"They're going to kill you," Betrix slurred, still sounding a little intoxicated. She spoke softly, so the two in the hall wouldn't hear. "They'll keep me and Disnee but she's going to let him kill you."
Sisa frowned but went on talking like she hadn't heard. "Boto thinks I am not the good hunter. But I'm his big sister. I taught him how to hunt when he was just a tiny little baby."
"You're not going to let him kill us are you?" Dade asked. 
"Boto Boto Boto, he was a good little brother," said Sisa.
"The mother wants to kill one of you to see if the other lives," said Betrix, "but the boy wants to kill you both." 
Dade shivered. An awful emotion was coming across from Kelvin. He hated Kelvin feelings. Dade didn't know how Betrix could have heard what they said, he couldn't hear anything from where he was, and how did Betrix know about Kelvin and him? There were too many things to think about when someone wanted to kill you.
"Boto used to be the best little brother." Sisa twirled Kelvin's hair with her fingers, "Now he's just a big meanie."
"You're not gonna' let them kill us Sisa?" Dade asked again.
"Maybe they will cut you apart." Sisa poked at Kelvin who grunted through the gag but could hardly move, trussed as he was.
"That won't work," said Dade. "That's stupid. How would that help?"
"We could be alone again," said Sisa, nudging Kelvin and smiling in recollection. She tried to look him in the eyes, but Kelvin kept his face toward the wall.
"I can get us out of here," Betrix talked over Sisa, "if I had my Adds, Dade. Are you listening?"
"What do you know anyway? You don't know." Dade yelled, surprised that she had known his name. Had she learned it just now when he told it to Sisa. Had Betrix known all along? There were too many things to think about.
"You're no good for Boto." Sisa turned and also yelled at Betrix. Betrix remained calm, talking as calmly and clearly as she could in her medicated state.
"They'll kill you because you're a User. Right now in this room, before you make more trouble."
"I can't do anything here," Dade reasoned, "they tore all the parts out of the room."
"I can stop them," Betrix persisted "but I need my arms back, and my eyes Dade."
"Nu-uh." Dade didn't want to think about it.
"Why not? I'm not angry Dade. I know why you did it to me. I've been listening to you the whole trip. I think we could be friends."
"You're rude," Sisa, yelled at Betrix, "we were talking."
"You turned them off, you can turn them back on." Betrix kept talking at Dade.
"How do you know?"
"You have to do it Dade. You don't want them to hurt your brother Dade, or your friend, I know you and Dis are friends Dade. Fix me Dade and I'll get us out. All of us."
"I...I don't know."
"Disnee looks up to you Dade, you know he doesn't have any other friends."
"Boto, make your wife be quiet!" Sisa yelled. Ma and Boto had heard the yelling from out in the hall and were coming back into the room."
"Last chance Dade," said Betrix, "your brother's not strong enough to break his ropes but I can. Marker and Kate won't save us. I'm the only one who can save us. You're the only one who can save me. Do you want them to hurt me Dade? Please. Help me Dade. Help Disnee."
"She's crazy, she's crazy," Sisa crooned, still kneeling beside Dade, "Boto she's being crazy, I don't like her Boto."
"What is she saying?" asked the Mother.
"Saying crazy."
"This one is the trouble," said Boto. He walked around the couch and approached Dade and Kelvin with the knife.
"Don't hurt it," Sisa threw herself across the brothers, "it's not fair."
"Sisa, we decided." said the Mother. "You keep the one boy. Three's too much trouble, even if two are stuck together."
"User too much trouble." Boto came nearer, readying his blade.
"Dade! Turn me on right now or you and Kelvin are dead! Dade! Turn me on!"
"Hah!" When she put it that way how could he refuse? In the time it took to laugh, he had done it. How exactly it worked, he couldn't say. It felt like his own eyes opening, his own muscles firing to life when he reached into her Addware, but it was Betrix's Adds re-animating. For a moment Dade felt as strong as she was.
"Ohhh!" Betrix sprang to her feet, grinning like the dragon over Halva Spa. "It's so lovely, Dade I could kiss you!" Her voice broke with emotion. The pain came back also, but it was nothing next to the strength. She held her arms aloft, the ropes that bound her tearing away like soycorn silk.
It took seconds for Betrix to disarm and render the son and mother unconscious. It happened so deftly that it hardly seemed a struggle at all. Seeing her mother fall, Sisa  drew a knife of her own and sprang on Betrix. The weapon glanced off of her biometal arm and flew from Sisa's hand. She hopped backward, dodging Betrix's strike and ran from the room and down the hall. Betrix ran to Disnee. She found Kelvin's knife on the floor and cut the ropes from his body. The boy had just come-to during the excitement.
"Y, you can see," Disnee stuttered.
"I guess so."
She looked at Dade. He hadn't said anything yet.
"Thank you Dade."
Dade was more confused than anything else. He could tell Kelvin was still afraid. He watched as Betrix bound Boto and the mother's hands. When they were secure Dade closed his eyes and reached out to Betrix's Addware again. She must have felt it.
"No you don't!" She crossed the room before he could finish and grabbed Disnee by the arm. She pressed the blade to his throat.
"Don't," she said. "or I'll cut him. Your brother's next." A drop of blood ran down Disnee's neck. 
"You let him go or...or..." Dade wasn't sure what to do.
"I've been listening to you Dade. We could be, you know." Betrix had backed to the doorway, the one that Sisa had fled through. "Don't let everyone push you around Dade. And get out of here before they wake up." She nodded to the Rhine-folk. Sisa's knife lay at her feet, Betrix kicked this toward them. Kelvin flinched when the handle struck his side and Dade looked to see if his brother had been cut. When he looked back Betrix was gone.
He tried to reach out to the station or to Betrix's Addware, but she had moved too quickly. He felt her for a second then she flickered out of range.
"Wow she's fast," he said, and Kelvin mumbled something through the gag. "Oh right." Dade grabbed the knife and managed to cut through one of the ropes binding Kelvin's arms.
"Give me that," Kelvin shouted through the gag as soon as his hand was free and grabbed the knife from Dade. He cut the rest of the ropes from his arms and legs and removed the gag from his mouth, spitting on the floor.
"Ack, that tasted awful." He spat again.
"I'm sorry Kelvin."
"You should be. What was that? You let her get away."
"She was going to hurt Disnee."
"She likes Disnee, she's not going to hurt him."
"She was going to hurt you."
"Maybe. But I think she likes you too."
"Hrmph, she doesn't know me. Hull fail that one."
Kelvin rose shakily to his feet. Boto was starting to stir again. Kelv started off the way Betrix had gone.
"What are you doing?"
"I'm going to get her."
"Get that." Dade waved toward the pipestaff that was next to Boto. He was waking as Kelvin bent to pick it up. Kelv knocked Boto a few times in the head, until Dade told him to stop.
"I think we should get Kate and Marker," Dade said. Kelvin stared at Boto, trying to make up his mind."I think we should get Kate and Marker," he said again. 
Boto was still moving, but not quite conscious. His mother hadn't moved since being struck by Betrix.
"Okay," said Kelvin. "Should we kill them first?" He raised the pipe like when he killed the cat by their camp.
"Sisa was nice to me," Dade whimpered, "she was very nice to you yesterday."
"Yeah."
"And he's her brother."
"Yeah."
"Like you're my brother."
"Hrmph."
"Kelv, lets go."
"Ok."

¤))

Barge Desu

“My is it a beautiful day.” Sebastian breathed deeply the sweet air that issued from vents along the walkway.
The two were strolling down a long, wide corridor that was attached to the outside of the hull of station, much like the promenades but twice as large and without any foliage. It had dark, polished floors and aisles of soft benches lining either side. It was unlike any place Sebastian had seen.
The architecture was simple, but every surface glowed a stunning pale blue that sparkled and seemed to dance when the sun shone into the hall. Large overhead windows curved downward to form the walls and ceiling of the corridor, the whole place had the feeling of being the entrance to some great palace.
“It's always a beautiful day in Barge Desu,” said Julian. It was the first they had spoken in a while.
“I can't say I've ever been here, in all my travels I've never seen anything quite like it” Sebastian marveled at the long, glittering hall before him.
Julian in his rhinestone jacket, matched the shimmering surroundings.
“My father brought me here, before he died, I knew I remembered this part of the ring. We spent weeks here before we moved on. There's no food but plenty of fresh water, and the view's special.” 
Above them, the slow turn of Atlas caused shadows to play across the surface of the station. The entire immensity of if could be seen, stretching into the distance above. It was a view that could only be seen from the Wilds, all of this would be below one's feet in the Rhine, or the dome cities, but here, where gravity was reversed, Barge Desu's overhead window gave a clear view of the entire station. The Wilds stretched off in either direction and curved around to form the ring shape. They could see two of the inner connectors that joined the Wilds to the Pit, which looked like a spherical palace, bristling with knobby turrets and antennae and bulky annexes that seemed to have been bolted on to the original creation. A line running around the equator of the sphere gave the bottom half the appearance of being nothing more than a reflection in a mirror-flat pond, like the moat that surrounded the palace in Tokyo2, said Sebastian. 
Beyond the orb, the Wilds curved around, appearing larger up close and thinning to a delicate crescent countless miles in the distance. The outer ring of the Rhine encircled the Wilds. From here it seem no more than a thin horizon line, dotted occasionally with the round domes of cities. It was all perfectly symmetrical until the large gap on the right hand side of the vista where whole swaths of the landscape were missing, or floating disjointedly in space. This was from The Bomb. 
“Is that Istanbul?” Sebastian pointed at a far-off structure beyond New Lexington.
“I don't know,” said Julian. “You can't see it from New Lexington, but we could see it when we scavenged in Disnee's Dome. If it's still connected, you can't get there. My father tried for a long time, before I was born. He said he wasted too much time looking.”
“I hear Disnee's Dome is an awful place,” Sebastian said, still gawking at the window.
“It was pretty. But it will kill you if you're not careful.”
“It is not a place that I have ever needed to go.”
“Well you can't anymore,” said Julian, “It was on the border of the Istanbul area, it was always dangerous to travel. After we left, we heard of people not making it back. No one goes there anymore. They say the corridor is torn open and travelers are sucked out into space.”
“It wouldn't be the first time a passage depressurized.” Sebastian suddenly felt less comfortable with the glass ceiling overhead, “Perhaps we should be moving again. How long is Barge Desu?”
“Not long. But we should stop to rest. After this we have to crawl through some tight spots. Then it's a straight shot to the Tokyo2 connector, if we can get deep enough to avoid Lexington outposts.”
“Not too tight a squeeze, I would hope?” Sebastian looked down at the handlebars of the Red Baron, already banged up from the struggle in the connector.
“I don't remember. But it is a long crawl. You might want to leave that thing behind.
“It's not a thing, Mr. Reeves, the Red Baron is a highly advanced piece of machinery and a prized possession of mine and I would hope you would assist in making portage through this rathole.”
Julian raised an eyebrow.
Sebastian grumbled a little, but in truth he was happy to have a normal exchange again. Julian had proven a more formidable ally than he had anticipated, though difficult to manage. He wondered if he could get back in Julian's good graces before they reached their destination.
They proceeded down the sunny walkway of the Barge Desu.  At the end there was a small fountain with running water.
The sun moved quickly overhead and would soon be below their feet. They would rest here. Food would come, Sebastian told himself. Julian seemed confident about that, but he also seemed not to be hungry. It had been many, days since their rations ran out, many hours since Julian foraged their last meager meal. 
Sebastian filled the water bottles from the fountain. Julian sat on the soft bench and spread the map out to study. There were copious notes on this place. He traced his father's lines with his fingertips, running here and there, and always intersecting back on the Barge Desu for fresh water and rest. 
Sebastian lay on his back, looking out the overhead window. 
"It's amazingly clear. I don't know that I've seen Hullside so clearly."
"Yeah," Julian was involved in the map.
"Will you write about this?"
"What?"
"All of this, will you write about it in the newspaper?"
"All of what?" Julian looked up from his paper at Sebastian who gestured irritatedly in an uncertain-of-how-to-encompass-everything fashion."Barge Desu?"
"Everything Julian!" Sebastian blurted. "Look, did you realize that the average farmer had never left his commune?"
"That's not true, they take partners."
"Yes, and when the farmer first sets foot outside of his or her commune to go to their arranged spouse, they have absolutely no idea what to expect but for a set of directions. One set of directions, maybe two, that is the whole oral history of the world outside of the commune, and the farmer follows it, finds the other commune, finds the city, stays and starts a family, or returns with a partner. The small world expands for a heartbeat and contracts again, unaware that places like this can even exist. Some farmers don't even know that the domes exist."
"But they're happy."
"But wouldn't you like to bring the paper to them?"
"I suppose.'
"Don't pretend you've never thought of expanding. You could educate the masses, teach the communes and colonies to read. You could bring the written word to distant reaches of Atlas."
"No I have. But why would I write about this?" Julian gestured overhead.
"Do you know, Mr. Reeves, how many hapless country boys are killed in the kickboxing ring?"
"I don't know much about it."
"Fodder, Mr. Reeves, is all they are. Thinking because they're bigger than some Tokyo2 man they can double their meager savings, usually a dowry meant for their intended, but the clans see them, talk them into gambling, and they stake their money on their flesh, unaware that flesh always loses out to Addware. If any knew, if you were to write that story Mr. Reeves, you would be doing a great service to the happy, simple, farmers of this world. And not just that story, but all kinds of experience."
"I've thought about it. But..."
"But you are content with your place in the world."
"I was, til you came along."
"Yes, well, perhaps this misfortune will be the impetus for positive change after all."
"Too bad men had to die."
"Yes, well, that is quite unfortunate. You know Julian there is more of this Wilds-travel in my future." He fished the envelope with the Addware chip out of his pocket. "This key, opens doors to greater wonders than a few lousy storehouses, Julian. But these are deep within Atlas, and I'll need people."
Julian wasn't speaking.
"I'll have you know that what I do is not for my personal gain alone. I have a higher purpose Julian, I can assure you. Mine is a just cause, though my methods may look extreme to one who is unaware of the urgency of my quest. But just or no, there is great profit to be had from this small piece of Addware."
Julian was still ignoring him.
"I will tell you, I intend to make better use of this device than your General ever did." 
A noise from the entry to Barge Desu startled Sebastian and he hushed up. A dirty-faced child with ratty, knotted hair peeked its head around the corner and sniffed the air. Sebastian looked to Julian, he had moved onto the cushioned bench and was looking out the window, not watching.
The child, no older than five or six, looked left and then right, then cautiously stepped into Barge Desu. It crouched low and moved carefully over to the fountain, still ignoring Julian and Sebastian.
"Hello," Sebastian said to the child who got on all fours to drink from the clear fountain. "Julian, are you seeing this?"
Julian looked over, first to the child, then Sebastian. He nodded and looked back out the window. "I heard it coming."
It stopped drinking and removed a plastic jug from its back and filled this from the fountain.
"Are you alone out here?" Sebastian asked, but again no answer. The child looked up, left, then right and stepped into the fountain, dunking its matted hair, scrubbing arms and legs, turning the waters a murky brown.
"Hey, hey that's our drinking water," Sebastian jumped up and stood over the fountain. He shouted again, raising his arm as if to hit the child. "Hey that is our drinking water, desist at that, this second."
The child turned its attention from the fountain, looked Sebastian up and down, then resumed scrubbing. Sebastian waved to Julian, 
"What's the matter with this child?" When he looked back it was running off, making wet footprints toward the doorway. "Well, are you just going to sit there?"
"It knew we weren't a threat. There are worse things to be looking out for."
"But it just sullied our drinking water."
"Was she going to read my newspaper Sebastian?"
"Was it a girl?"
"She was one of my people, not an 'it.'"
"I thought you didn't have any people."
"We're the same."
"What's this about newspaper?"
"You were asking why I write."
"I most certainly was not, I was asking if you were going to write all this down."
"Well she's not going to read any of it."
"I should think not.
"So why bother to publish it."
"For the rest of us."
"Hah, right. No, I don't think I'll write about any of this."
Sebastian wanted to argue but he liked this lighter mood of Julian's and felt it was best not to press him. He returned to his seat and watched the fountain, which was slowly clearing of the murkiness. 
"Just promise me one thing Julian." Sebastian said staring at the exit, watching for the child or whatever worse things Julian was speaking of.
"Promise what?" said Julian.
"That you won't use my name in your newspaper. I've done many things in my life, of which I am proud, but others I'm quite ashamed of. It's easy to forget one's mistakes when those who we have wronged perish as a consequence. It's far different to feel the eyes of humanity upon one. You understand don't you? I'm not like the Wind-People. My deeds do not always reflect my noble purpose. Lack makes monster of men, and I have wanted for much in life. Oh sure, my upbringing was a privileged one, but that only served to exacerbate my struggle. It has not been a pure one but at least in the Tokyo2 underground I found shelter in anonymity. And I should like to keep it that way you understand?"
"Sebastian."
"Yes?"
"I won't write about you. Be quiet already."
"You swear."
"Sure."
"Lovely, that is something of a reassurance."
"Sure."
"It truly is, Julian."
"I know."
Julian removed his rhinestone jacket and put it over his face. Before long he had fallen asleep and Sebastian decided it was best to let the matter rest along with Julian. He wondered that Julian could sleep so easily with all that had transpired in the short time since they left New Lexington. This place must be some comfort to him. Sebastian thought, and though he could not sleep so readily, he let the soft tinkling of the fountain and the low, ambient hum of Barge Desu lull him into pleasant relaxation.
"Rest well Julian, you'll find no such solace in Tokyo2."
...
When Sebastian woke, Julian's bench was empty. On the seat across from him was a note written on a wrapper, held in place by a single can of food. Julian had just set it down and Sebastian caught him as he was bending over to fill his water bottle.
"So you are leaving me then," he guessed. Julian stopped filling the bottle and turned to face him.
"You were right about Lexington." Julian answered, "I thought I could make it better, but it was only changing me."
"And you think this is better, that your situation is much improved? You're about to go traipsing into the wilderness alone. Will it not weigh upon your conscience to know that you've left me for dead?"
"I thought I could be happy in Lexington," Julian went on, ignoring what Sebastian was saying. He looked back toward at the doorway as he talked. "But I was as desperate there as I am here. At least here I'm in control. This is my home. I'm my own high governor here." He straightened the collar of the jacket of The King. "I don't have to prove my innocence to anyone."
"Innocence," Sebastian interrupted him, "Julian there is no innocence in a place like this, not in that little...girl, and certainly not in you."
"Because none of it matters. That matters." Julian pointed to the can of food he had left atop the note, "Those bullets matter. You think like a Wilds-person sometimes Sebastian. Just think like that food is as valuable as one of your bullets. And you'll make it to Tokyo2."
"So you're leaving me here? Like this? You who kept insisting on the danger of this place? It was you who were afraid to come here, not I."
"Sometimes it's good to be afraid Sebastian."
"Well I'm certainly concerned. I never intended to make this passage alone. I'm no survivalist, certainly no Hull-pounding savage, Julian I won't survive off of rat droppings and sewer water, that was not part of my plan."
"Oh don't worry," Julian said, a little of that now-familiar contempt sneaking into his voice, "I already thought two steps ahead, that's how you like to do it right? So in exactly one minute I'm going to finish filling my water bottle. Then I'm going to walk off that way and back into the Wilds. Then you're going to pull yourself together, wipe the syrup off your face and if you follow that map, you'll reach a farming commune. If they don't kill you, maybe you can trade for an escort to the next outpost. There you might find someone that takes Tokyo dollars. I'm pretty sure the outposts here aren't cannibals, so you should be fine."
"Julian, I implore you to reconsider," Sebastian pleaded. "You are difficult enough to deal with, I'm loathe to interact with more of you Wilds-folk."
Julian looked about, smiled at Sebastian, holding up the half-filled water bottle and swishing it around. 
"That's a minute," he said and turned to kneel over the fountain. He finished filling his bottle and washed his face, blowing his nose clean in the water.
Sebastian pinched the bridge of his own nose and rubbed his temples. "Please, Mr. Reeves, if you are going to leave me to perish in this wasteland at least have the courtesy not to sully my only source of drinking water." But when he looked up Julian was already out the door, not bothering to say goodbye..
"Lovely," Sebastian said to himself. "It would seem there is a dearth of patience in these times. No matter." He stomped and stood up. Looking around at his scattered things.
"No matter." He picked up his pistols and shoved them back into his belt, gathering up the last of his syrup and a few odd trinkets that were littered around his resting place. He took the can Julian had left and stuffed the note into his belt. He pulled the envelope containing the chip out of his pocket. He thought to chase Julian down and tell him what it was really worth. If Julian knew what Sebastian intended to do with it he might change his mind...or cut Sebastian's throat. He decided to keep the chip to himself, there were others who could aid him once he reached Tokyo2.
"No trouble at all really," he said, shoving the chip back in his pocket. "After all, I do always think two steps ahead. Nothing to fear, so long as I stick to the outposts and avoid the Lexington Connector. Supposing they are not all cannibals this far westward. Nothing to it. Trade for some assistance. Of course I won't be relinquishing my primary source of sustenance." He tucked the syrup away, slapped his stomach and tugged on his waistline. "I'm already dangerously underweight for one who must survive unaided in such hostile environs, no I'll not be trading away food, nor ammunition either. I'll find my own way sure enough."
He packed the rest of his things and mounted the Red Baron. He considered topping up his water bottle but decided against it. 
"Hull knows what diseases these Wilds-people carry."
No, he would be better off alone anyhow. Certainly nothing to fear along the way. Sebastian touched his holster and said a small prayer that the last of his ammunition would not be wasted on this tedious passage home. Then, thinking he might have heard something rustle at the other end of Barge Desu, he turned the accelerator and sped off into the Wilds.
Once he was on his way, he pulled the note from his pocket. It read:
Sebastian
I want you to know glad you killed the General 
He did bad things to the Rhine-people and probly deserved it
plus city people are not my people
i am stronger out here, better, maybe happy er
New Lexington doesn't mean anything if I cant get a fare trial
Going deep station.

 You mite not die if you follow the map Iv drawn.
Dont travl at night.
J.R.
"Hull, no wonder he wasn't given the editorship," Sebastian balled the letter and tossed it, "my indigestion is better punctuated than that Hull-rot. I should have assumed the coward would run off." Sebastian touched the tooth on the lanyard around his neck. "And just when we were beginning to find some common ground. Hull fail him."
The second wrapper contained a crude map with only a few directions but Sebastian could read it well enough to find his way. He was still a day or more from the first village and many more from Tokyo2.
"No matter." He stuffed the map back into his pocket and urged the Red Baron onward. "What you do is of no consequence to me Julian. You've taken me most of the way to my destination, I have no further use for you."
A short while later Sebastian came across Julian's rhinestone jacket. He had said that it once belonged to a king.
"Well, if you're going to leave the trappings of man behind, then I will avail myself of your leavings." He bent down and picked up the jacket and stretched it over his back, splitting the seams enough to get both arms into the sleeves. 
"You are not the first to cast off this mantle," he shouted to Julian who was probably long gone, "just as I am not the first to hold my pistol or to ride upon the Red Baron. I, however, will not give up my lot so easily. There are greater riches than one's freedom Mr. Reeves," he shouted louder, "and few things in this world more tenuous than your pride. No, I shall push on, while you roll around in the muck." 
"Now," he said, raising the map and turning it one way then the other, "where is that wretched crawlspace? I should like to get back to civilization before I start talking to myself. Hull what a waste of good scratch paper."
The road ahead seemed to narrow, the ceiling growing lower and lower. The map indicated that he would have to remove a panel from the wall and climb though a series of ventilation ducts. There was no mention of how long these would be, but it didn't matter, that was a while off yet. For now that way was straight. The path was strewn with debris, but the Red Baron sat high and was up for the challenge. Sebastian pinned the accelerator and charged forward. Without Julian to slow him, he could really open up the throttle.

¤))

Firelight

Dade was crying when he and Kelvin returned the camp. Marker and Kate had given up searching for the boys and were impatiently waiting for them to return. Kelvin explained what had happened and Kate flew into a rage, stuffing everyone's things into their bags, she piled the missing members' things in Kelvin's arms, lecturing him on his own foolishness, and punctuating her lecture with blows to his shoulder.
Kelvin looked to Marker for support but he had no sympathy for the boys.
Kate insisted that they run as long as they could, to try to catch Betrix. The group ran as quickly as they could in the direction of Tokyo2, carrying Dis and Betrix's bags. Dade and Kelvin quickly fell behind.
Dade became even more upset when Kate and Marker went on without them. He didn't like the idea of being alone in the dark. Kelvin tried to hurry, but he had used the last of his energy running after Betrix earlier. Now there was no energy left to chase her. After seeing how strong and fast she had become, he wasn't sure he wanted to catch up with her.
They walked a few more hours on the main passage, hoping to catch up with Kate and Marker but the two weren't slowing. Finally, before morning, they saw them on the side of the road, Kate with her head on Marker's lap and Marker, keeping a tired watch. Kate looked like she had been crying for a while and had just now fallen asleep. Marker hadn't slept since the night before Halva Spa. His eyelids drooped wearily.
Marker had made a small fire and was cooking the cat they had killed earlier.
Dade and Kelv entered the camp without a word and were about to sit down when Marker pointed at someone across the hallway.
"Tried ta' chase it off but it won't leave."
Sisa got up from the floor and looked the boys over. 
"I ran away," she said.
"Think it some kind'a Wilds-trap," said Marker.
"It's not," said Sisa, "promise."
"What does she want?" Dade yelled from behind Kelvin. "I can't see."
"They're always mean to me. But you're nice." She took a step toward Kelvin.
"I don't know," Kelvin looked to Marker for help "it could be a trap. Disnee would know."
"He's okay you know," said Sisa "the boy. She didn't hurt him. Said he could go back but he wanted to stay with her."
"That's not true," Kelvin backed away.
"I believe it," Marker said, "Boy wasn't meant for good company. Can't tell good people from bad."
Sisa ran forward and threw her arms around Kelvin.
"Don't make me go back," she cried, "I want to come with you. You don't have to be my husband just let me stay."
"It's not that, it's just."
"Shut up Kelv," said Dade, "I want to keep her."
"Could be a trap," Marker said.
"Will you all just be quiet and let me sleep," Kate grumbled. "We're safer if we keep her where we can see her. We'll be in Tokyo2 soon, then we'll decide what to do with her."
"I promise it's not a trick," said Sisa, "and Boto's not waiting to jump out and gut you open with a knife or Ma set a snaptrap cut your head off, promise."
"Well that's reassuring," Kate mumbled.
"Sit down eat," Marker said.
They sat and passed out bits of meat. 
"What will we do now?" Kelvin asked.
Marker shrugged and looked at Kate.
"We're going to find Julian."
"How you gonna do that?" Marker asked.
"Betrix was a good lead, but we don't need her. If he left New Lexington, odds are he  wound up in Tokyo2." 
"But what about Disnee?"
"I can't make him come back if he doesn't want to. He never seemed comfortable in New Lexington anyway."
"But what if he's just afraid?" Kelv asked.
"If we find him, we can ask, that's it."
"An' the girl?" Marker said.
"This one?" Kate pointed at Sisa.
"Nah."
"Betrix? She's too dangerous now. And she knows what we want. Maybe if the boys could turn off her Adds again we could catch her, but I don't know if that would help us find Julian."
"Won't bring the Gen'ral back neither, but someone's gotta pay." The others fell quiet. They had forgotten that Marker still blamed Julian.
"What about us?" Kelvin said finally, looking at Kate, "Tokyo2 isn't safe for Dade and me." Now it was her turn to shrug.
"Well, I promised I'd take care of you. With Dis gone the paper'll have room for a new assistant."
"I want a job too," said Dade.
"Normally assistant is a one-person job, but I think we can make an exception."
"Horray!  And Sisa.
Here Kate's face sank, she frowned at the girl, more tired than angry.
"Let's not talk about that tonight."
When they had finished eating, Marker told the boys to get some sleep. He would take first watch to make sure Sisa didn't cause trouble. He was not sure if the boys should be allowed a watch anymore.
Kelvin took their blankets from the pack and spread them on the ground. He lay on his side so he could watch Sisa, who had eaten her meat and sat staring at the smoldering fire, which filled the corridor with the thick smoke of burning rubber. When the coals had all but died out, Sisa crept over. Kelvin was awake still and watching her. She lay next to him on the floor and covered herself with a corner of his blanket.
The embers shone in their eyes as they lay awake, watching one another, neither sure of what the other was thinking. Dade had cried himself to sleep and Marker stared into the fire. Kate rested. Kelv thought of Disnee and Dade and what it was to be close with someone other than his brother. He vaguely recalled having heard Sisa mention a daughter.
Sisa watched Kelv's eyes twinkle and listened to the sizzle and pop as the last of the rubber caught flame and burnt out, creatures stirred down the hall and she heard them too, small things, afraid to come near. This much smoke, she knew, would scare most away. But other, larger things would be drawn-in and these stupid dome people would have to run. She would tell them in a minute, right now she liked this one's eyes. She could see just a little color in the firelight, black inside brown, inside tired white, three rings, like Atlas. Like the three of us, she thought, one happy family.

¤))

Betrix and Disnee

Disnee and Betrix had passed through two colonies between Halva Spa and Tokyo2, never spending more than a couple of minutes getting food and water. Betrix was out of money when they passed through the second colony. They were given water, but food would have to wait. There would be plenty to eat when they reached the city.
They slept in small spaces and hideaways that Disnee found, lying together for warmth. Betrix slept easy, but Disnee found sleep difficult. Losing Kate and his new friends Dade and Kelvin didn't trouble him, Dis was getting used to leaving people and places behind. He felt safer with Betrix anyhow, because she was stronger than the others. The night that the workman was killed was the last time Dis had slept soundly, when Dade and Kelvin were supposed to be on watch. Betrix listened to Dis and slept in hiding places. This was another reason Dis felt safer.
Lying with a woman made it hard to sleep. She was old to him, but that part of him that was changing, the part that noticed girls didn't seem to care how old she was. It embarrassed Disnee, these feelings he didn't understand, but Betrix just laughed and put her arm around Dis. She didn't have any trouble sleeping.
"Tokyo2 girls'll love you Dis. If we're lucky we'll get there day after tomorrow."
Disnee didn't like to be laughed at, but he felt safe with Betrix. He stayed in her arms as she slept. He wouldn't sleep much like this, but he didn't mind, until the next day when he was tired and still had a long way to go. But at night he was happy. He thought of the Tokyo2 girls.
The following day Betrix spurred him along even faster.
"Come on we don't want them to catch up with us." When she threatened to pick him up and carry him the rest of the way to Tokyo2, Disnee didn't doubt that she could, or would. Though he was tired he managed to keep pace. 
They talked a lot on the way, but Betrix wouldn't say why exactly she had taken him from his friends, only that she was sorry for cutting him and that she was only pretending that she would hurt him to scare Dade into helping her.
Betrix said that she didn't mean to hurt Julian either, only that she had been looking for him because he knew the man who had killed the General. She said that she also knew who had killed the General and when Disnee asked she said that, no, she hadn't been the one, but they might find the one when they reached Tokyo2.
By the end of the first day that topic was off-limits. Instead they talked about family. Disnee talked about his Ma, and stories she had told him about his father. 
Betrix told Disnee stories about her childhood. There had been a boy she cared for when she was young, but he was promised to another commune. Without her mother to help in the fields, Betrix's father couldn't afford to send her off to find a partner. There was talk that a boy would be sent from one of the nearby farms, but he was a loud boy with a lazy attitude and young Betrix had insisted that he be sent home, that she would rather die than bear a child to that one and so he was sent away. In the calendars before her father's death Betrix had taken to working twice as hard instead of worrying about boys. Her father was happy that the crops were coming in and the community eventually stopped talking about who would help Betrix with the farm when her father became too old, they could see that she was determined to carry on alone.
Disnee could relate to the story of her father's death, but the parts about responsibility and the expectations of the community he didn't really understand. It had been just him and his Ma. He'd never felt the need to prove himself. He had done just what was needed. He did as he was told and they survived. His mother was strong in her ways, and he had been just as strong as a boy needed to be in the Wilds. There was no disappointing anyone, no expectation, you either survived or you didn't. Then his mother had died, but that was her own fault, not his. All of this Disnee explained in simpler terms. He was not used to talking about himself, but Betrix understood well enough. 
"Weren't you scared when your mother was gone?" asked Betrix.
"We were always scared. We had to be."
"Always? What about when you went to the city?"
"I went there because I was hungry. Not scared."
"So you weren't afraid in New Lexington? New places can be pretty scary."
"I'm always afraid. But that's okay."
"That doesn't sound like a good way to live."
"City people are never afraid," he said, "that's why they die so easy."
"You seem pretty brave for someone who is afraid all the time."
"I don't know."
"Are you afraid of me?" said Betrix.
"A little."
"Just a little? Are you afraid of Kate."
"No."
"I thought it was good to be afraid, isn't that what you said?"
"I don't like Kate anymore. She only cares about Julian."
"I don't like her either. Do you like Julian?" Betrix asked.
"Julian acts nice, but he's like me. He does what he has to."
"Really?"
"He's from the Wilds," Dis shrugged, "so I think he's afraid."
"What's there for him to be afraid of, I mean, what was there before?"
"Afraid of what happened."
"You mean he was afraid of something bad happening in New Lexington?"
"No, just," he was having some trouble articulating himself, "just good afraid."
"Just good afraid?"
"Just careful, afraid is like careful right?"
"I guess."
"Julian is careful, and I'm careful. Careful is like a good afraid."
"If he's like you I think I like him too."
"You think?" Disnee smiled. Despite his talk about always being afraid he seemed to be at ease. Then a far-off sound swept down the corridor and he was on edge again. His eyes grew wide and his cheeks paled. He crouched like a frightened animal, Betrix could imagine his ears twitching, as he tried to determine what exactly was out there.
"Chimpanzees," said Betrix, she pointed at her ear Add, "I heard them coming a while ago." This seemed to bother Disnee. He was used to having better hearing than the dome people.
"We need to find someplace safe."
"We'll be just fine," she said.
"Where we hid last night. We could block the door."
"Dis, don't worry," Betrix laughed, "I have my Addware. I'm not afraid of station-apes."
"But..."
"If you want to be afraid of something, be afraid that Dade will show up, and walk a little faster. But we're not going back. The apes will have to go the other way."
Disnee looked like he wanted to turn around and run for the nearest side-passage, but Betrix wasn't stopping."
"Are, are you sure?"
"You said this is the fastest way right? Without having to go on the main road."
"I, I think so, it's not the same as the Wilds, but it looks like the long halls, like it goes far, far, but there's not many good hiding places, Betrix."
"I keep telling you to call me B."
"B, there aren't going to be many places to hide. They can open doors," he said, meaning the chimpanzees.
"I know. I'll chase them off."
"There's always a lot of them."
"I know, stop worrying."
"Sorry. But...more than twenty B. A lot of them."
"Stop saying sorry.'
"Sorry." 
Betrix sighed.
"Stay close," she said, "don't look afraid when they come. You can be afraid if Dade finds us."
"But I like Dade."
"You know, I think I like him too, but I still don't want him to find me."
Disnee listened as they walked onward. He smelled the chimpanzees before he could hear them. He had the best hearing of anyone he had met, except for Betrix. Functional lighting was sparse in this passage, even in daytime. One small light-panel flickered at the intersection ahead.
"They're right there," he whispered.
"Oh I know." Betrix strolled casually into the intersection. She stopped and looked both directions, her visor meeting the waiting gaze of the chimpanzee hunting-party. They crowded the halls on both sides of the intersection.
"Hi!" she said. Disnee stood close behind her, clutching at the back of her loose tank top. The lead animal stepped forward and howled. 
"Come get it." She waved it forward, like an opponent boasting in the kickboxing ring.
The leader hesitated. It had been expecting her to run, and was unsure of what to do next.
"Betrix..."
"Don't worry Dis, I'm just getting some practice in. I can take care of this whole..."
"B!" Disnee reached up to deflect a chunk of metal that had been flung toward the back of her head. "Ouch" he yelled and doubled over holding his bloodied hand. 
"Are you okay?" She bent to look at Disnee's hand. "That's cheating!" She yelled at her opponents. Another piece of hullmetal flew at her. Betrix caught the movement out of the corner of her eye and sidestepped. It missed her, but struck Disnee in the eye.
"Ahh" he cried out again, falling to his knees and covering his face. Blood ran from between his fingers. She could protect herself, but hadn't thought about keeping Dis safe.
"Hull! Dis, I'm sorry." Betrix bent over him. The next item thrown was a length of pipe as long as her forearm. This time she was prepared. Betrix spun and caught it in her Addware palm. Her hand was no longer the clawed-up, useless fist it had been. She twirled the pipe like a hitter getting up to bat. 
Another chunk of pipe struck her in the back, glancing off of her biometal spine. The chimpanzees dared to get a little close. Each of them was more than a match for an unarmed man. This boy and a woman waving a pipe looked like an easy meal.
"Okay, Dis, maybe you should run. I'll fix this."
Dis groaned as she pulled him to his feet and shoved him from the intersection. 
"Sorry," she yelled as he stumbled away, another pipe nearly struck her in the back of the head. Turning so that Disnee was at her back, Betrix faced the intersection, putting herself between the two packs and Disnee. 
More debris was chucked her way, but baseball had been the second-favorite sport of the Tokyo2 kickboxers and Betrix had been her clan's the lead hitter. She batted the hunks of metal back toward the pitchers. 
Shrieking with frustration, the lead chimpanzee dropped the hullmetal he was holding and leaped at Betrix. Before his back foot had left the ground Betrix reached him, kicking the lead chimpanzee in the chest, sending him flying into the center of the pack followed immediately after by the gleeful Addwearing kickboxer. 
She began holding the pipe, but by the time the pack had thinned, she had dropped the weapon and fought open palmed, ripping and tearing with her metal hands, moving quickly from one to the next, chasing down those that ran. Betrix had worked her way somewhat far down the hall chasing stragglers. When she returned, covered in blood and fur, she found Disnee kneeling over the lead chimpanzee, removing a cut of meat with Kelvin's knife. 
She waited until he had finished, watching Dis work with his injured hand. One of his eyes was swollen shut and still bleeding. Betrix bent down and picked up a piece of meat. It tasted awful but she choked it down. 
"You shouldn't eat raw," said Disnee. 
"Why not?" She asked, looking around at the scattered bodies. The smell would bring in scavengers soon.
"Ape needs to be cooked, like people meat," he said, quite matter-of-fact, before setting back to work. Betrix wondered if the boy had ever eaten a human. Her stomach turned and she spit up the bit of chimpanzee.
"How did you get my knife?" she said when she had recovered.
"It's Kelvin's knife. He let me borrow it."
"But how did you get it from me?" she asked. 
"You were sleeping," he said. Betrix frowned. 
"Leave the meat," she said. "We'll eat tomorrow, Tokyo2 food."
"But, it's good just needs cooked," he looked up at her.
"Leave it. Let me have that." She held out her hand for the knife. Disnee handed it over.
"Hey!" he yelled when she tossed it down the hallway.
"Let Kelvin find it. You can get your own knife when we get to Tokyo2."
"But....but,"
"We're leaving it," she said. Disnee knelt, staring at the cuts of meat.
"I can't make a fire without a knife."
"I'm sorry about your eye Disnee," she said and walked off.
He stood, leaving the meat in a pile on the floor. After one last survey of the carnage in the intersection he followed after her. He couldn't understand why Betrix was acting so strangely. But he stayed close behind.
After a while, she turned and looked at him. She had no eyes to tear up, but her nose ran sympathetically.
"I really am sorry about your eye," Betrix sniffed, she wiped the blood from his face. It was hard to see real the damage with so much swelling. Dis looked at her with his one good eye. Betrix put her arms around him and held him tight. "I was afraid when they hurt you Disnee. I didn't think you would get hurt."
"It's okay to be afraid," he said. Betrix stood back looked at Disnee. It was impossible to read emotion from his swollen face. 
"Disnee, are you mad at me?" she asked.
"No."
"Are you afraid of me?"
"I like you," he answered. "Are you afraid B?"
"You didn't answer me."
"You should have let me cook the food for you," said Disnee. Betrix's stomach rumbled, as eager to change the subject as Disnee was.
"Will you stay with me when we get to Tokyo2?" she asked, "I'd like it if you would."
Disnee nodded.
"I'll show you all around," she said, starting down the hallway again. Disnee followed. "I'll take you to the kickboxing arena and the Great Window. The buildings are so tall I couldn't believe it when I first went, even taller than New Lexington. You'll really like it I promise."
Disnee held his head. It was beginning to throb but he didn't want to mention it.
Hungry, and now injured, they moved more slowly. There were no more incidents the last two days. They traveled carefully and slept in the hidden places. When they arrived in Tokyo2 late on the second day, the swelling in Disnee's eye hadn't gone down and it was becoming infected. Betrix was suffering more from hunger than Disnee and she hadn't notice the change in his condition. 
They were questioned at the gates. Betrix was not expert in the language of the city but she knew enough to get by. Between her loose Tokyo2an and his broken Lexingtonian, the guard was satisfied that they weren't Rhine-folk and allowed them to pass.
"Take him to a doctor." The guard said, repeating himself in Lexingtonian to make sure she understood. Betrix nodded but it wasn't until after they had found a cafeteria and she had eaten that she first noticed how ill Disnee really was.

¤))


A Tokyo2 Bargain

"Dis you don't look good." He was staring at his food, spoon in hand, but the yellow pudding and spiced meat were untouched."Meat's extra, you should eat it." He didn't hear her. "Disnee, you okay?" She waved her hand in front of his face.
"What?" He sat up and put a spoonful of the cheeseplum pudding in his mouth.
"Dis how well can you see from this eye?" It was discolored and mostly swollen shut. Sweat beaded on Disnee's forehead. "I don't know any doctors," said Betrix. "They just patched me up in-back of the ring. Dis are you alright?" He was staring into his food again.
"What?"
"I'll have to take you to the hill." She picked the meat from his plate and held it in front of him. "Eat this Dis, you'll feel better." She waved the meat in his face. Disnee shook his head. Betrix shrugged and started chewing on it herself. 
"We'll get you a wake-up, or two." she said, "I know someone who will give me one on credit. By the time we get there you'll be ready to jump in the ring yourself. Okay? Dis, eat one more bite then we'll go okay?"
He put a spoonful of the pudding in his mouth and worked it around, swallowing with the same pale disinterest he'd shown all morning.
Then Betrix got up and coaxed Disnee from his chair. "Sammael," she shouted to the kitchen,"we gotta go. I'll pay you when I hit up the hill."
There was no answer from the back. "I don't know if he speaks Lexingtonian." she said, nudging Disnee to hurry up the stairs. 
Outside, they stopped at the place where she had hoped to get medicine for Disnee, but it was closed. A second store refused to give her anything on credit. There were a few doctors about town but she was certain none of them would help her on credit.
There was a chance Nalisha would help, if she could find her, but there was an equal chance that Betrix would be punished for losing track of Sebastian. Betrix had hoped to awe Disnee with the dazzling sights Tokyo2, but the boy was dull to it. He stared blankly ahead, hardly noticing the wonders around him. Even the great hill above the arena failed to illicit a response. They proceeded down the main street and entered the kickboxing arena through the tunnel in the side of the hill.
"It's just going to be the two of us now." Betrix held Disnee's hand and guided him down the stairs into the arena space. Like the dome over Halva Spa but ringed with seats and without the holograms playing across the ceiling, the arena was a dark, shallow bowl of a stadium with the kickboxing ring in the center. At this hour it was empty.
"Have you ever been to a fight Dis?" She had to put her arm around him to hold him up. Disnee shook his head. "You'll see one soon enough."She helped him down to the bottom of the arena. Betrix looked yearningly toward the ring."Maybe you'll get to see me fight." She nudged him, the boy smiled a little. "Maybe you'll fight someday." At this point she was talking just to distract him from his eye.
Behind the ring was a tunnel that led down below the arena. 
"Gesso will get you fixed up," she said. Large beads of sweat fell from down Disnee's pale forehead. The only color in his face was the swollen eye. "He'll fix you right up."
At the bottom of the passage were two locker rooms and beyond these a small, gated hallway with a single dim light at the end. The gate was unlocked.
Gesso was in his workshop at the end of the hall, perched atop a tall, narrow stool over a piece of salvaged Addware. He was a top-heavy, round-faced Tokyo2an man with small glasses on the end of his too-long nose. Betrix had always suspected that they shared a distant ancestor. He had a little of her olive skin, and a full head of dark, somewhat-curly hair. A drop of sweat hung at the very tip of his long nose, threatening to fall into the open circuitry on the table in front of him. 
"Girl it's been a long time since you came here." he spoke in Tokyo2an and leered over the top of his glasses. "Need an upgrade?"
"No, Gesso."
"You got some scrapes, want I should patch you up?" He hocked and spat at a stain on the floor.
"I need you to look at the boy," said Betrix, her Tokyo2an was fair but far from perfect.
"Well, I'm a little busy."
"The eye is red and he's sweating, Gesso. I only need for you to look at him."
"Okay, okay. Bring him over here. Now, let's see," he stopped working to take Disnee by the chin and pull his eyelid open. "Can you see this?" He waved his fingers in front of Dis's bad eye. "How many?" He said in Lexingtonian. "How many?" he snapped his fingers when Dis didn't answer right away.
"Th...Three?"
"Close enough."
"But it's really blurry."
"What he say?" he asked Betrix in Tokyo2an. 
"He says it's not sharp." Her vocabulary in the language was limited and Gesso didn't care for Lexingtonian. "His eye is blurry."
"Hmm, okay." He turned back to what he was working on. "You don't want this piece here, it would turn you into a maniac. I've short-wired a couple brain taps, a half-broken stimulator and some nervespikes, you'd be all scrambled with nowhere to go. Drooling in the corner, hah."
"You know those mind-Adds are illegal."
"B, now you wouldn't tell on me would you?"
"I don't care what you do, Gesso, just help the boy here."
"He'll be fine if he survives that infection. But if I was running the numbers on that fight, boy'd have long odds. You'll want medicine."
"Sure Gesso."
"Course Tokyo2's about out of the medicine you need. Hasn't been a shipment in a long time. I might have a dose left, if you can afford it."
"I hoped you could have a favor."
"A favor?"
"A loan."
"I don't do loans anymore, but maybe you could do me a favor?" He pushed his glasses up his nose and looked her up and down. The sweat fell from his nose onto his project.
Betrix shook her head. "I know what kind of favors you want."
"Oh, would it really be so bad?" he laughed, "But no, not that kind of favor. A test favor, just testing a few things."
"Oh no."
"It's only a few new Adds, but I still don't know what they do. If I could test them, just stick a few in you..."
"No thanks."
"I wouldn't need them back right away. If we can't get them out you can keep them, how long does anyone live in the kickboxing ring anyhow. I always get my lender Adds back."
"I'm not fighting anymore." 
"For now, but you'll start again, and look how you live, wake-ups and coughing syrup, any meds you can get your hands on, always fighting, no you can test anything you like. I'll get it back soon enough, poor girl."
"Not interested."
"Then I can't help you." He turned his attention back to the table. She considered her options again. Betrix couldn't go to her old clan, she'd burned that bridge when she left the ring. She could try to ask the Black Crescent for help, that clan was working with Nalisha's people, but Nalisha couldn't find her yet. 
There was the thought of what her punishment might be. The mission wasn't entirely a failure. They got their mark, she'd just lost Julian, who was with Sebastian, who she was supposed to watch until he returned the chip. So she'd lost the chip. Why do I have a feeling this is somehow all your fault Julian? And now all she had was this boy. You're not taking very good care of him Julian. Would you give me what I wanted if you knew he were in danger? Betrix looked at Disnee, slumped in the chair. He would almost certainly die from the infection.  
"What about something else?" She leaned over the counter, meeting Gesso's gaze.
"No much to look at," he peered down her loose tanktop."I have Adds that can pump those up for you."
"Not that." She covered her chest with one hand. Leaning over the warped contraption on the table between them, she whispered in his ear. "Is Torstein still fighting?"
"The Flying Dutch/Russian?"
"Is he still beating your fighters?"
"He's still a dirty thief."
"I can fix that."
"Don't think I haven't tried sweet Betrix. The man holds the championship belt for a reason. I've even tried to have him killed on the streets, but the man is the Crescent's sweetheart. He doesn't go anywhere without his entourage and nobody is going into the Crescent to find him."
"So let me try."
"I think you would have a better chance of seducing me."
"A cockroach has a chance with you Gesso."
"Torstein is in the ring all the time, take him whenever you want him, then come talk to me."
"The boy's sick now."
"I don't have any medicine for you Betrix, I'm sorry. Come back when you have something I want."
"I'll get Torstein. I'll do it in the ring, first match I can get. Just help the boy." Disnee had moved to the far corner of the shop and found an empty spot on the floor. He was staring at the wall.
"I'll do a loan," said Gesso. 
"Yes, please, you know I'm good for it."
"I don't know you're good for anything, but I do have the perfect thing for the boy. And I'll only loan it to you because you were the one who returned it to me."
"Not that either."
"You remember your last fight don't you? When you tore the Add from your opponent's face."
"I'm not giving that to Disnee."
"Just because it's been passed around a while doesn't mean it's bad luck."
"They call it the Deadman's Eye."
"You don't have to tell him that. It's only coincidence that the last few fighters who wore it happened to die, it still works just fine."
"More than a few. Kenichi went insane. I saw how he was."
"He was mad before I sold it to him. Now do you want the Fool's Eye or not? I've got no medicine for you Betrix, you're not a little girl anymore."
"Little girls are easier to take advantage of."
"And little boys die easy Betrix. He's only getting worse." Whether Disnee could understand their conversation, she couldn't tell. He was still sitting in the chair but now his head was in his hands and he was breathing heavily.
"You promise it will fix the infection?"
"It's powerful Addware. It will cure him and more. But I'll want my payment soon, no money, no favors, just Torstein. The Flying Dutch/Russian has stolen from me too many times. And you're going to get him."
"Fine. I'll fight anyone you want. I don't care if I go in the ring again."
"You know where it is Betrix. You can install it yourself."
"No. You have to do that part."
"You've seen it enough times!" Gesso turned back to back to his work. "You're not a little girl anymore, Betrix, you're going to have to do some things yourself. Now, the Loser's Eye is right where you left it, do what you came for before I change my mind."

¤))

Ending
Julian had written a note, for Spanner and Kate and a few other friends explaining what had happened on the day that he ran. He left Sebastian out of it. They didn't need to know everything, just enough closure to get back to their lives. He apologized to Ben for leaving the boy Disnee, asked Kate or Spanner to keep him on at the paper. He didn't write anything to Disnee, the boy had never really warmed to Julian and didn't seem to care who took care of him so long as he had food and water. He didn't write anything to the Lexington Guard, to Congress, or the High Governor. No need to explain himself when he wasn't coming back, just a short goodbye, and a short threat to Sebastian, describing what he would do if he found that Sebastian hadn't forwarded the letter. He had slipped it into Sebastian's things while he slept and hoped he wouldn't find it until he reached Tokyo2.
They'll do well enough without me, Julian thought, squatting and staring out a porthole some distance from Barge Desu. The paper would get more funding without him snooping in Congress's business. Sure they'd look for him for a while. Kate and Spanner would have their doubts about his innocence. The soldiers would continue to hunt for him in the Rhine. But they'd never follow him here. 
And when things settled, it would be like he'd never existed. He'd start his new life, like his old life, but not ruled by his father's laws or Lexington politics. It would be hard not to slip back into the old habits, not to live like an animal, or to die like a man, but he would strike a balance somehow. He couldn't abandon his principles again. He recalled the men he had murdered so carelessly, days earlier in the connector, when the fear of the Wind-People had driven him back to the old ways. His recollection was fuzzy, as if the last two days had been a dream.
Seeing the girl had brought him to his senses, when she walked into their camp and washed in the fountain unafraid, not innocent, not evil either, just pure unguided potential. 
That must be what I looked like as a child, he thought, though Julian's father hadn't seen the same potential in him. Self-preservation had been his father's highest goal, and insisting that Julian learn to read and write had been itself an act of self-preservation. 
 Julian shook off the thought. He saw a greater potential in himself, in the Wilds-girl, in everything about these Wilds. What it was he couldn't say, not the Lexington solution, not rulers, but not his father's solution either. He would make his own way this time.
Keeping Sebastian alive was a part of that. It's the last thing I have to do before I can disappear, he thought, pulling his pants up and examining the pile of dung he had just left on the floor. The fool Sebastian was speeding, loud and clumsily, through the halls beyond Barge Desu, and this...mess that Julian had left out in the open was the first step in drawing predators off Sebastian's trail. He would make sure his scent led them deep into the lower floors. Then, if his father's map was correct, he could climb up a garbage chute to get back to this level just before Sebastian would reach the end of the road and have to disassemble the cart to drag it through the narrow side-tunnels.
Julian had to get there first to check for an ambush. He was not about to let Sebastian know that he was following. Too much scheming came from that man. Julian couldn't let him die out here, but he didn't have to listen to him all the way to Tokyo2. He would hang back, like the Diablo Amarillo, stalking from the shadows, and enjoy watching Sebastian sweat.

¤))

Epilogue: New Eyes

"Now hold it in front of your eye and look into the middle of those prongs."
Betrix was standing in the center of Gesso's workshop, arms folded, watching Dis, who sat facing her and holding a small, cylindrical object with half-a-dozen long, tapered spines protruding from one end, in front of his right eye. He squinted and looked into the bristling device. 
"It looks sharp. Do I have to hold it so close?"
Across the room Gesso was perched at his workbench, peering through a large magnifying glass at the hodgepodge of circuitry. He listened and chuckled to himself while soldering the mismatched Addware together.
"Don't worry," Betrix said, "it's not going to hurt you. It's just um, scanning, just hold it there until you see the little flashing light. Keep your other eye closed."
Quietly Betrix leaned over and picked up a large wooden mallet that leaned against the table. Dis peeked from behind the device and Betrix hid the mallet behind her back.
"Don't look away, you have to be still for it to work."
"How does it work?" he asked, looking back into the device.
"It will fix your eyesight, you said things were fuzzy right?"
"But what does it do?"
"Oh you know, lasers, something like that." She raised the hammer and leveled it with the Addware. "Don't look away, now you're going to see a little red light in between the nervespikes."
"Nervespikes?" Betrix hid the hammer behind her back just as Dis lowered the device to look at her, his head cocked to the side.
"Hey, keep it up there, she pushed it back in front of his face, the needles jiggling dangerously close to his eyeball. As she removed her hand, Betrix pressed a small button on the side of the Addware."
"I see a light," he said.
"Okay, just hold it steady. You'll see a yellow light, then it's going to flash. When it flashes three times you'll be done but you have to hold it still and don't look away. Hold it there now, careful of the prongs."
"Okay."
"Good. Hold it still." Betrix gripped the mallet in her hand and raised it behind her.
"It's flashing."
"Count them."
"Okay...was that one?"
"One." Betrix slowly moved the mallet in an arc, lining it up with the lens of the device, stopping inches from the implant, then drawing back.
"Another! T---two," Disnee said.
"Two," Betrix repeated, twirling the hammer behind her and practicing the arc. Just like baseball. Then pulling it back, and wringing the handle, she tightened her grip.
"This time it's green!"
"Count!" Betrix hissed. This startled Dis a little but he didn't look away.
"Th---th---th."
"THREE!" Betrix shouted. The hammer swung. A soft clack, and Disnee hiccuped, the mallet drove the spikes into the eye socket. The device sank all the way, until the nervespikes were fully embedded. Disnee's chair toppled back and he went over with it, but no further sounds came. He lay quiet, his remaining eye stared wildly at the ceiling. The lens of the implant glowed softly and revealed an iris which opened and closed."
Gesso looked up from his workbench and chuckled.
Betrix remained in her wide-footed stance, breathing heavily through her mouth, white knuckles gripping tightly the handle of the mallet. She stared for a long moment at the boy on the ground. Then Disnee spoke.
"Did...did it work?
Betrix put a hand to her mouth. She fell to her knees over the unmoving boy and pulled him into her arms, laughing, sobbing, her face pressed into Disnee's tangled hair.
"It worked," she sniffled, "I really hope it worked." She clutched Disnee to her breast. Tears wouldn't come from the Addware eyes, but she cried all the same.

¤))
Author's Note
Dear Future Reader,

Thank you for reading Children of Atlas and taking this journey with me. It was my intention to write a personal author's note the day before the launch. Then I made tuna salad with some bad mayo and gave myself food poisoning. If you check again in a week or two I will have updated back matter for you including some useful links and a great author's note. 

Be sure to read the book 2 sample in the pages after this one.

Thanks again and don't eat bad mayo,

Dusty
Sample From Book Two

The Dome City of Tokyo2 was immense. The large buildings and dense latticework of signs, railings and wires that crossed overhead helped to ease the anxiety that many station-dwellers felt on entering an open space. The sidewalks in the city center were crowded with vendors, beggars, street performers and businessmen. The people did their best to imitate the lives they saw on ancient billboards from before the bomb. There were shoeshines, street performers and peddlers of exotic wares plundered from the Wilds.
Julian had only recently adjusted to the hustle of life in New Lexington and was shocked by this more crowded, more confusing, and less-clothed city. Sebastian, navigated the throngs of Tokyo2 with ease.
Julian would make his way, winding and side-stepping, with sorrys and excuse me's and Sebastian would stop at a corner or a side-street and watch the hapeless country boy who stood a head above the rest of the crowd work his way through the mass of humanity.
In these moments, while Julian stuttered an apology to a farmer whose cart he'd bumped, or fought off overeager cigarleaf vendors, Sebastian would turn his attention to the robot Cam had given him.
"Why would Edwina leave you with me? And where is she now?"
Sebastian looked up. Julian was stuck behind a line of schoolchildren. Old ladies and one-armed beggars shouted Tokyo2an curses in frustration. He poked the greasy robot with his toe. It whirred and staggered backward, then returned to it's spot next to the Red Baron. 
"You can really help me find her?" Gears spun inside the robot, it leaned from side to side, a little oil dribbled from it's head onto the dirty ground, "I hope so, I truly do."
The three made their way through downtown, stopping finally where the street opened into a square. At one end of the square they came to a building, taller than the others and not square but cylindrical like those in New Lexington. The robot Ed pushed open the door and the three went inside.
"An original elevator that works, can you imagine?" Sebastian exclaimed as they  rode to the restaurant at the top of the building. The roof of this building, was covered by a transparent dome like the one that covered the city. They went to the edge and looked out.
"What is that?" Julian pointed toward a large mound in the distance. 
"That, my friend, is the home of the Hillmonger Clan. For whatever reason, before the Great Death of The Mind, the ancestors of Tokyo2 began hoarding their refuse. Calendars and calendars they mounded it until it covered buildings, parks, entire neighborhoods. The same great machines they used to pile it then, we now use to dig it up. It is a remarkable place, although someone like you who has lived in the Wilds and has seen the massive stockpiles of ancient machinery may not be so impressed. I have always found it awe inspiring. There is no accounting for why the hill grew here."
Sunlight glinted off of shards of glass that covered the black mass of the hill. It seemed to breathe and move in the distance like the haunches of some great, sleeping animal. Here and there, between the rust and metal a sapling had found a place in which to root and bits of green dotted its surface. The hill crawled with the small figures of human beings, picking through the castoffs of the past. At the base, large yellow machines were prodding, tugging, and prying pulling-loose large objects, clearing the way for the pickers.
"It is the buildings buried underneath the pile that hold the most appeal to them. But they must be patient. There are many useful things in the hill and to dig too quickly is to damage them."
"Is that the Black Crescent behind it?" One half of Tokyo2's dome-edge was a mass of dark structure flecked with silver."
"Very good, yes that is the Black Crescent. While the Green Crescent, opposite are a clan of farmers, the inhabitants of the Black Crescent live off of the machines that are made there. To this day few outsiders are allowed to enter. It is said they rely completely on the machines for sustenance. Though Users are a relatively new in our world, there is a rumor that the Black Crescent have always had Users. Another rumor says they believe the Crescent existed before Atlas and that they worship a metal god."
	"Very strange."
	"Is it Julian? We worship Hull, the body of Atlas. Is she not a metal god?
	"Did you bring me here just to show me the view, or are we meeting someone?"
	"As a matter of fact Mr Reeves, I did come here for the view.  It is my city after all. I like to look at it.  Have you ever seen such a view."
	"I've never been this high off the floor. I don't like it."
	"But you find it difficult to look away, do you not?"
	"I never look away."
	"And that is why you are well suited to your profession. Or perhaps a good citizen needs to be able to overlook some things."
	"I'm hungry, can we eat?"
	"Yes, our  rendezvous is next door. But lets you and I eat here, the food there is abysmal." Sebastian took one last look out over the city. "I used to work the hill you know, when I was younger, and underneath it is the Kickboxing arena..." He trailed off and stood for a while, staring at the heaped-up thing. The robot behind him, leaned against the railing and seemed also to gaze out at the distant junkpile.
Away from the city center, ringed by a moat and a series of gardens was the palace where the Emperor of Tokyo2 lived. 
Julian had heard the story of the Emperor many times: after the Bomb, the palace gates were sealed. For a hundred calendars, the Emperor and his servants had been trapped inside the palace, unable to break through the strong gates and the dome that covered the courtyard. 
More than once, the people had tried to break into the palace but the automated defences fought them off each time. It was not until the first Users appeared and the gates were opened that the Emperor's descendants, whose families has survived off of the gardens and a few food synthesizers, were reuinited with their people. Though the clans who had come to rule the people were reluctant to give up their influence, no one had dared to question the new Emperor's authority.


