
The Rising Sun

Clocks 
BOOK ONE




J HAWK



Copyright © 2014 J Hawk




“ALL POWER LIES WITHIN” 
- Swami Vivekananda




EPISODE 1


1




The howling of the winds rose over the air, casting an atmosphere of gloom over it. The barren sands of the desert flowed forth in all four directions, a never ending, lifeless expanse. The sand dunes plunged and rose in a ruthless fashion, seeming to have a mind of their own. 
 
The world lay blanketed in a deep, serene black. The night sky carried the meanest tint of violet, a colour effected by the planet’s atmospheric condition. 

The cold wind lashed at Zardin’s robes. His ink black cloak flapped wildly, but the rest of his body stood as still as iron, a rigid sense of focus clutching every nerve in it. The hood cast over his head covered the upper half of his face, leaving darkness to shroud the other half below. He stood as unmoven as a statue, with his stare fastened on the scene directly ahead of him. 

Less than a mile from where he stood on the crest of a sand dune, a gigantic structure lay sprawled over the desert’s barren floor. The building’s lavish size would have dwarfed any ordinary city structure. But at this distance, the majesty of its craft seemed to wither: The giant structure was swallowed in the immenseness of the vast desert around it. 

All of this, the details of Zardin’s surroundings and the scenery around him, were delivered to him not through his eyes … but through his mind. His perfect instrument in knowing the world around him…

He could hear the sound of wind torn, flapping robes emit not only from his own, but from right behind him. He turned slowly, gazing at the line of four men standing right behind him. Covered in ink black cloaks and hooded as he was, they stood as still as lamp posts. Their postures emanating an unwavered sense of focus. Like Zardin, they too had what looked like a thin black stick slung behind them. 

A burning sense of resolve seemed to fill the air around these five cloaked men who stood in the middle of this colossal, lonely desert. Feeling sharp teeth clench within his mouth, Zardin turned his cloaked head fully to face the line of men right behind him. 

“Men, you know the plan.” he called, the iciness of his voice mingling with the blank howl of the wind. 

The foursome returned a set of swift nods, the motion dampened slightly in the darkness cast over their hoods. The men met Zardin’s stare unflinching as he rested it over them for a brief second before turning back around. 

The structure far out in the middle of the desert ahead of them was carved with a fine elegance, no doubt an exquisite sense of grandeur afforded by this planet’s government only for the highest of purposes. 

Known as the Mech laboratory, this was established by the King of this planet a few years back. It had been built with the purpose of supplying the planet’s government with a stream of technological innovations. High end gadgets, gizmos and techno devices were manufactured here in this facility, and handed over to the control of the government. 

But the science born here was kept well guarded within the government: when building it, the King and his council had decided for Mech laboratory to be a well kept secret. It was, they deemed, a measure necessary for the planet’s greater good: for this technology had to be kept from falling to the wrong purposes. 

And so, when establishing it years back, the King and his council had decided to have it built here. In the middle of the soulless Drylac desert, away from the civilian eyes. And since then, they had kept the existence of Mech labs a guarded secret. 

Or they thought they had…

Zardin felt a smile liven his features beneath his hood’s dark shroud. 

The five of them had come here to obtain a certain object, a certain very important object, from the building lying ahead of them in the desert. And once they had, once they secured this precious artifact they had come for … the wheels would be in motion. And the entire world would stand by and watch helplessly. 

Zardin let his thoughts run over the plan for a few seconds. The workers inside Mech’s facility were blissfully unaware of what awaited them. The only concern enveloping them as of now, was a scheduled visit they were expecting from the King and his council in a few minutes. They were too busy anticipating the visit from their noble King to realise that there was something slightly more deadly hurling towards them…

Stroking his other hand with a single, long fingernail, Zardin continued to survey the building for a final moment. Then, he slowly turned about fully, facing the line of men standing behind him. 

“Brace yourselves,” He ordered. His voice seemed honed to a hiss like sharpness in the wheezing of the wind. “It’s time.” 

__________


“So it just detects…” Argos slowly lifted his eyes from the pen like device held in his hand, and looked at the engineer. “Minerals? In the earth?”

The engineer, whose face showed a sign of brewing affront, raised an eyebrow. “It’s a mineral detector. That’s what it’s supposed to do.”

“Don’t get me wrong, it’s fantastic.” Argos lowered his eyes to the pen like device, the mineral detector. “Just not nearly as fancy as some of the other stuff you guys usually make - That was a compliment.” he added hurriedly, catching sight of the indignance flaring in the engineer’s face. “I meant you’re great at what you do.”

Without waiting for a reply, he thumped the engineer on the back, pocketed the mineral detector and walked off. He walked down the showroom, pausing at the second most crowded desk. Another engineer clad in a white suit was explaining the functioning of a device that promised to be far more interesting than the mineral detector.

“- something that takes technology to a whole new level,” the engineer was saying, holding up a large disc like device. “And we in Mech are truly proud to have this unveiled for the King this time. Picking up mystical energy with the help of this device is -”

A greatly intriguing new device. Which the laboratory had just brought out. Argos felt a steadily growing daze as he listened to the engineer describing it.

“… the device can locate mystics standing within a radius of a few metres –” the engineer was saying. 

Argos gave up trying to make reason out of what he was hearing. He turned to a man by his side, who had also been listening to the unveiling of this new innovation. “Let me get this straight: they’ve come up with a device that can … locate mystics?”

“That’s right.” replied the other, turning sideways to face Argos. “It has the capacity to detect mystics through mystical energy fields. This is a groundbreaking new innovation for locating mystics.”

Argos gave a forced chuckle. “Locating mystics wouldn’t be such a good idea … It might turn out to be the last thing you do.”

“Tell that to the Naxim.” replied the man. “They’ve given us a huge order for these devices. Shipments have already been made to some of the closest planets.” He shrugged. “You can’t get enough anti mystic security these days.”

Argos nodded. “The Naxim have been dying for a device like this. A device to help them with what they do. Wonder why though, seeing as they’ve almost chased most mystics out of the inner spectrum.” He turned sideways and walked off, adding in a low mutter, “And thank the heavens for that.”

Mystics…

A shudder passed Argos, who quickly muttered a prayer and drew his thoughts elsewhere. 

Mystics were a class of men whose minds had transcended beyond the usual borders known to man … thereby absorbing new potentials. New abilities. Strange abilities … Through their elevated state of mind, they could command supernatural powers that defied the laws of nature themselves.

But they were the source of fear like nothing else…

This rare class of men was the cause for great terror among the people in the spectrum. Terror that had survived for ages now … and would continue to haunt them evermore. For history had been shaped to know mystics as nothing but evil, satanic creatures: they were known to be responsible for wreaking anarchy and mayhem like nothing else. 

The Naxim was a prominent anti terrorist organisation committed to hunting down mystics. But even with their best efforts, which had carried forth for ages, the Naxim had failed in erasing the deep rooted fear that the world held for them. For that curse among the class of men known as mystics…

Argos emerged into a long corridor outside the showroom, striding down it in a quick pace. As he briskly stalked down the long passage, he couldn’t help but feel a squirmish sensation at the base of his stomach. As the manager of the securities for this building, these were certain pressurizing instances he faced in his job. This was a top secret facility, and on any ordinary day, nothing could be allowed to go amiss. But on this particular day, absolutely nothing could be allowed to go amiss…

The King, the executive head of the planet’s government, and his councilmen were about to arrive here on a routine visit which they made once every three months. On this routine visit, they inspected the gadgets developed by the techno company, and made their plans for ordering and distributing the new innovations for various government purposes. 

This was a day, once in three months, that kept everyone in the facility slightly on their nerves: It wasn’t everyday you had an audience with the most powerful man in this state and his advisors. But Argos was the one on whom the majority of the pressure fell on, for he was in charge of the security enforced during the King’s visit. 

Humming to himself as he walked to cool his nerves, Argos exited the corridor at its end and emerged into a vast, chamber like hall with desks lined against its walls. The main hall was in the clutches of a frantic buzz of activity. The workers were preparing the audience with the King and the showcasing of the gadgets that Mech had brought up. Men in coats and suits walked about in quick, dashy paces, all of them busy talking to each other, or to someone in their z-coms(The device used as the widespread mode of communication). 

The large circular hall had a line of desks placed against the wall at one end. Standing rigidly in a line in front of the wall on the right were about two dozen robots, all of them crafted in the build of men, with two arms, two legs, and a torso. Their heads looked nothing more than helmets, with a large glass patch at the front. They stood lined against the wall in unmoving attention postures, all of them identical in their thin build and elegant metallic finish. The Rash-cons were the typical robotic soldiers used in any army or security force: made with an uncompromised intelligence that defied even that of men, these were the standard force employed for armies and security forces all over the spectrum. 

“Argos, have all security checks been completed?” 

Argos wheeled to face the source of the voice. Pan, the director of the organisation stood behind him, dressed neatly in his best suit.  

“Yeah, they have.” replied Argos airily. 

The carefree tone didn’t go amiss: Pan tilted his head slightly, a scowl narrowing across his brow. “Argos, this is the worst time for some kind of goof to happen in our facility… in front of the King.”

“Oh, relax. Nobody even knows this place exists.”

Pan’s scowl deepened, and he opened his mouth to respond. But the next second, a fierce beeping arose, laying waste to the retort he was building. Digging into his left suit pocket, he withdrew a small metallic device. He pressed a button on the z-com to answer the incoming call. 

A voice spoke through a harsh signal:

“This is Captain Ron, speaking from the King’s ship. We are heading in for landing. Over.”

Pan held the z-com close to his lips and replied, “Captain Ron, this is director Pan. We are opening the hatch,” His eyes rose to the roof hanging far above them all. “You can bring the ship in. Over.”

Turning to a worker, Pan signaled towards the roof. The worker bustled off towards a nearby control table, and hit a few buttons on it. 

Argos felt his eyes wander to the roof, and as he watched, it slid out in two large halves to reveal a pitch black expanse of night sky. Within a few seconds, the sound of a loud electrical engine drowned the bustle in the room. A large, elegantly modeled ship glided in from one side, right over the opening in the roof. The King’s ship carried a touch of majesty, a silver gleam cast in the moonlight. Two large wings stretched out on opposite sides. The ship tilted to a side mildly as it sank lower, so that its wings fitted through the opening. 

The workers slowly backed away, clearing around a large circle at the centre of the hall. The ship floated down to a gentle landing in the middle of the hall, its feet touching the ground with a slight shudder. 

Pan’s z-com beeped again. 

“This is Captain Ron,” said the same voice, as he answered the call. “I’m opening the ramp. The King and his councilmen will be down it now.

Pan held the device close to his mouth, smiling. “Thanks Ron. Over and out.”

A large rectangular strip slowly dislodged from beneath the ship, landing on the ground below as a ramp. 

Pan drew in a deep breath. Here we go…

The entire hall held its eyes to the ramp, waiting.

And then, a dead body came rolling down the ramp…

And then another … and another … and another…

As the pile of bodies collected on the floor beneath the ramp, Pan felt his mind blaze with horror, unable to believe what his eyes were relaying…

The King and his councilmen.

They were all dead.

A ghastly sense of horror swept over the entire room. The workers gaped at the bodies of their state’s dead leaders with mortified looks.

Ripples of chaos were slowly breaking across the death like silence that had gripped the place. The workers covered their mouths in shock, all of their widened eyes fixed on the King and his councilmen’s bodies. Some of them were slowly edging backwards from the hall, while others stood rigidly, shock still rooting them to the spot.

Finding himself again, Pan dialled for the captain. “Captain Ron, do you read me?! The King and his councilmen are–”

“-dead.” finished the same voice … but the voice was strangely different now, as though it had shed something which it did not previously own. Ever word it spoke now seemed to emit an icy chill. “Dear man, too bad of you not to have guessed that at the start itself … as you also should have guessed that my real name is not Ron. And I’m not the King’s captain.”

Pan slowly lowered the z-com, his fingers trembling. The revelation crossed his mind like a dagger driven through it: there was a madman inside of that ship right now…

A madman responsible for murdering the leaders of their state…

That instant, he felt the situation spin to a whole new degree of graveness. 

“Who … are you?” he spoke slowly into the z-com, his breathing now turning rugged. 

The silence on the other side of the line stretched on for a few moments, over which only a soft, hiss like breathing was heard … And then the cold voice spoke again. 

“I am nothing … I am a meek speck in the universe’s sheet. I am the dust gathered beneath our creator’s feet. It hardly ever counts what we are. What counts … is what we do.”

Without thinking, Pan shot his gaze towards the line of Rash-cons by the side of the wall. “Cons –Surround the ship! Now!”

As if electrified, the robots sprang into action, bolting forward and surrounding the ramp ahead of the ship. They drew their guns and pointed at the ramp. Ready to shoot at command.

“Whoever you are,” breathed Pan, holding the z-com tightly as he spoke into it. “We’ve got the ship surrounded. There’s nowhere you can run … so come out with your hands raised now!” 

Silence absorbed the line for a few more seconds, and then the man gave a soft laugh. “Careful what you wish for…”

And a shadow formed at the top of the ramp, slowly elongating … and a group of five cloaked figures slowly descended the length of the ramp, with hoods drawn over their heads. 

The air seemed to freeze in tension, as the people in the hall held their breaths. The Rash-cons kept their postures on edge, all of their guns held steady in aim at the five men waking down the ramp. And as the men strode down with an exaggerated elegance, Pan knew that something was wrong. There were two dozen loaded weapons pointed at them, and yet the five unarmed men came strutting without the meanest hint of fear or panic … as though they believed there wasn’t a thing in the world that could harm them.

The seconds crawled by, and the five cloaked men reached the base of the ramp. The man in the centre reached for his hood and pulled it down. Pan felt his eyes grow wide slowly, as they processed what they were seeing…

The man’s skin was a horrid, corpse gray. His hair was long and black, parted in frames before his face. But it was his eyes … it was what Pan saw beneath the creature’s eyes sockets that made his blood go dry.

For the man had no eyes. 

Just two empty sockets that stared out into the room. With a swirl of darkness within both of them … His teeth, sharp like a shark’s, revealed themselves in a nasty smile. The creature looked directly at Pan and spoke in the same voice from the z-com, his soft words ringing over the death like silence:

“…cause you just might get it.”

Without warning, the man threw both hands up. As if hoisted by an invisible rope, the Rash-cons in front of him rose into the high, graceful and serene, as though flying. They paused there, floating in mid air. Then, with the sound of crunching metal, the group of robots were crushed in mid air. Their splintered remains fell back on the ground. 

Time seemed to have frozen. The realisation landed upon the room with the force of a hammer blow:

These were mystics. 

And the very next second, chaos exploded in the hall with a volcanic blast: the workers’ high pitched screams tore the air as they threw each other out of the way in a race for their lives, out of this room … and away from the five deadly creatures standing in the hall’s middle. 

Forcing down the panic, Pan whirled around to look for Argos. But the security manager was lost somewhere in the blur of the raging crowds. Struggling to contain himself, he spun back around … and there, dead ahead of him, stood the eyeless creature, the leader of the five mystics. He was standing a foot away from pan. But his blank sockets were resting steadily over Pan. As though he could see him … despite having no eyes.

“If there is one miracle in our world,” The man held up both hands, gesturing to the roaring mayhem all over the hall. “It would be the miracle … of chaos.”

Whatever Pan could summon of his voice left him as a dry whisper:

“What are you?”

“The same thing you are.” The man’s shark like teeth exposed as he smiled. “Just without the side called sanity.”

There was a sudden sweep of wind as Pan witnessed the man’s fist fly into view … and his world was sucked into darkness. 
	
__________


Zardin let his eyeless stare linger over the body of the unconscious director. With no eyes, he did not have external vision. But he had something far, far more powerful. 

Inner vision. 

And through it, he could feel the world around him and his surroundings crafted to the finest possible clarity. He could view every minute detail of the world around through his powerful mystical eye within. And every blur of the chaos storming the large hall around him fell to his grasp as he stood there, the seconds prolonged. 

His four men stood by either side, their eyes scanning the entire place and the chaos immersing it.

“Well, let’s go get what we came for.” Zardin said, and the five of them swept down the hall, entering one of the passageways on the wall across the other side. 

The high pitched squeal of emergency alarms were heard blaring all over the building. Zardin listened to the ringing of chaos, the sound like music to his ears. 

As they reached the end of the passageway, emerging into another room, they stopped and scanned the place. The room was a pentagon shaped one, with desks aligned against the walls on all four sides. There was a door on each corner, shut. Sealed in glass containers that were mounted over the desks, were a group of floating devices, all of which were engineered by this company. Some of them were guns, others were mere remote control like devices. 

The men walked to the centre of the room, their eyes carrying over the range of device floating inside of the sealed containers. They scanned the line of devices carefully, pausing for a second over each one. 

But Zardin had drunk in every detail of that room, and its contents, the very second he stepped into it. As the men scanned the line of devices, he clenched his teeth. A growl of anger escaped him. 

“It’s not here.” He turned to the others. “Let’s go check-”

But before he finished his sentence, the doors all around them swept open at once, and Rash-cons poured in from all sides, all of their guns aiming at the five cloaked figures at the centre. Before the men could move, the robots’ guns erupted. Jets of deadly blue light sailed at the five mystics from all directions as the robots closed in on them. Pelleting them with energy shots. 

The men reacted at thoughtspeed, hurling themselves out of the way of the shots all at once. Zardin felt himself soar over the air, landing heavily on all fours. His hand flew to the handle emerging from behind him. He grasped the handle and pulled it, and a steely, metallic hiss filled the air as his blade left its sheath. Drawing the long, thin sword, Zardin twirled it once, then held it steady before him. The robots were pouring in from all doors and engulfing the place. Spurting jets of light all across it. 

Zardin took in a quick breath, and let his mind go granite with focus and resolve. There was a dazzling flash of light before him. And the next second, his sword was ablaze: the blade of his sword was now shining in a bright orange colour. Wisps of a steam like vapour escaped the shining blade. Across the room, the other mystics had also drawn their swords, and had ignited them. 

A group of Rash-cons closed in on Zardin, all of them shooting at him relentlessly so that jets of light flooded him from all sides. Zardin allowed the ghost of a smile to escape his lips. And then he began…

He swung his sword around at such an insanely fast speed that the ignited blade cut off every one of the shots sent at him. The feeble jets of light sent at him were no match for Zardin’s fierce swiftness, as he used his blazing sword to block all of the shots at the speed of wind.

As the robots surrounding him prepared to fire a second tirade of shots, Zardin leapt forward, his sword slashing at the air ahead in two quick swipes. Three of the Rash-cons standing ahead of him fell prey to his sword, falling to the ground in chopped robot pieces. Zardin spun to his right, sending his sword straight through a line of three more on his right. Before they hit the ground, he leaped backwards, slicing at the group behind him in mid air. His feet met the ground before them, and the last trio of Rash-cons clattered to the ground, sliced. 

Wherever his sword had cut the robots, an orange radiation glow lingered, releasing puffs of steam. Zardin drew in a slow breath, then raised his attention. The four others had finished off the remaining swath of robots around the room. All that remained now of the Rash-cons lay littered over the floor in a pool of sliced robot parts that were still steaming where the mystics’ swords had cut them. 

Zardin doused his blade: the fiery orange glow as gone, leaving it in its normal silver gleam again. As he slid the sword back into its sheath slung behind him, the four others followed, and gathered by him. The men looked about the room, their eyes travelling over the sealed glass containers one last time. 

“It isn’t here, master.” one of them said as he finished looking over the desks, averting his gaze to his leader. 

“I know it isn’t.” said Zardin. “Let’s go.”

And they bolted towards one of the exits, their cloaks flapping behind their heels. 

__________


The entire facility lay shredded in havoc. The workers sprinted out of the place, their screams mingling with the high pitched blare of the alarms all over the place. 

The air of enthusiasm and anticipation that had pervaded just minutes earlier was now completely overturned … and now, a sense of unreality and horror had clutched the entire laboratory. 

Argos was one of the last to make his way out of the hall and down the hallways that led to the exit. As he ran, his blood thundering, he felt his mind reel with shock at the event of the last minute or so. 

We’re being attacked by mystics. He thought. This can’t be bloody happening!

He tore down the long tunnel, towards the exit to this building. Doubts and confusion exploded within him, but right now he kept them at bay, knowing that getting out of here alive was the topmost and only priority. The tunnel curved, and a set of large double doors appeared at the end. Argos stopped before the doors, punching in the password on the digitboard by the side of the board. A clearance beep ensued, and the double doors slid in with a rush of air. 

A large basement parking lot spread out before him. Almost all of the vehicles were gone. The workers and engineers had almost all fled. A large open door stood at the very end of the parking lot, spreading outside of which was the cold night’s desert. Feeling his heart pound as he ran, Argos pelted towards the last vehicle in the line	at the end of the line. His hover car, a black coloured four seated vehicle, was waiting at the end of the line. 

As Argos neared the vehicle, he plunged his hand into his pocket, and pulled out a small device. He clicked a button on the remote to his car, and the front door swung open. Without pausing for a glance, Argos threw himself into the driver’s seat, and slammed the door shut. Before he could start the car, his eyes fell on the seat next to him, and a death like stillness robbed his insides…

“Nice ride,” said Zardin, as his eyeless sockets roamed over the vehicle. He turned back to Argos, whose eyes seemed to bulge with terror. Before the man could make another move, a pair of arms sprang out from the seat behind him, wrapping his mouth shut. One of Zardin’s men was on the backseat. He held the security manager to the spot, covering his mouth so that his screams went dull.

As Argos thrashed about, trying to rip himself free of the man’s clasped hands, Zardin dove his fist into the man’s stomach. A muffled gasp of pain, and Argos doubled forward. 

“No need to worry, silly boy.” Zardin whispered, bending to his ear. “We aren’t here for you. We’re here … for something a whole lot greater.” He thrust his hand into Argos’s pocket and drew from it, a shiny pen shaped device. 

The mineral detector.

Zardin held the device before his face, feeling a smile stretch over his lips. “Excellent.”

The pair of hands holding Argos’s mouth released, and Argos gasped for breath. As Zardin surveyed the mineral detector, Argos stared at him, looking thoroughly confused.
 
“The mineral detector?” he blurted, clearly as perplexed as he sounded. “That’s what you came here looking for?” 

Zardin slowly turned to the man, feeling his unpleasant smile grow longer. “No. we came looking for the truth. And the truth,” He bent closer to the man, whose face was aflame with shock and terror, “is that there is no escape … from the pain.”
 
He shot his elbow into Argos’s face, and the man slumped on his seat, unconscious. 

Zardin and the other mystic on the backseat exited the car, and saw the three other mystics glide over towards them from three corners of the parking lot. The group gathered by Zardin’s side, while he continued to gaze at the mineral detector keenly, twirling it between his fingers. 

“Mission accomplished.” he said, pocketing the device. 

The men stood behind him, their hoods still drawn over their faces.

“It has now begun, men.” said Zardin, striding over to the entrance of the parking lot, sprawling outside of which was the lifeless desert. The velvety sky spread overhead like a vast dark mast, sprayed with tiny dots of silver. 

The chill cloaking him from all around felt soothing to his skin. And to his soul. 

“Prepare yourselves,” he hissed, turning to the men who stood behind him. “This is just the beginning … we have work to do.”

And together, they strode out of the entrance, into the cold desert that meandered outside. 


2
	



A place far, far away … A haven, an abode of beauty and perfection … The flowery fragrance wafting the air … The beautiful, sloping hills filled with greenery … The sky brimming with light with the freshly arisen sun…

The boy gazed across the sloping hills, his beautiful orange eyes gleaming. His tidy crimson hair rippled in the gentle wind as he stood there. 

He could hear two elderly voices from the cottage hut behind where he stood. The two most beloved voices he knew in this world … And then, as the soft padding of feet on the grass came behind, he corrected: two of the three most beloved voices he knew in this world.

He turned to see his twin brother Eol walking up to him, stretching lazily and yawning. He thumped Eol on the back, and the two of them walked back into the hut where their elderly parents, Marion and Selia, awaited with a steaming breakfast. 

Ion let his gaze carry over the three of them. 

His brother Eol. 

His father Marion. 

His mother Selia. 

The four of them seemed branded in that speckless, beautiful moment … one beautiful, happy family. And life was as it had been meant to be. 

And then, darkness ripped the world. 

Marion and Selia’s forms were frozen before him. But as Ion watched in horror, they slowly faded … withering into the nothingness that now consumed everything. They were gone, but their cries of grief lingered as a lasting echo in the sudden darkness. An echo that thundered through Ion’s mind.

And he whipped around to face Eol … But Eol, too, was gone. He was falling down into the darkness that swallowed everything. For an eternity, Ion watched his brother Eol fall through the darkness … and for an eternity, their eyes were locked, watching the breadth of blackness abound between them. 

And then the darkness wrapped Ion’s brother, engulfing him too… 

And Ion was alone, in the middle of a boundless darkness. His parents were gone. Eol was gone. He was alone. And he had now grown. His tidy hair was now long, messy and unkempt. His skin was tightened over his bones, and his orange eyes burned from within, no longer tender and beautiful as they’d once been.

Everything was gone … And all that remained was the blackness. 

And then came the laugh…

The world rumbled around him as the voice laughed. A cold, mirthless voice that rang with a force like no other. Contained with an evil like no other. It was like listening to a group of hyenas shrieking as one. 

He looked around. There was nothing, but out of nothing, a face formed, swirling out of the blackness. A face that Ion had known for years … dreaded for years. Hated beyond all else, for years. For this was the face responsible for tearing everything from him.

The man had glowing red eyes, and wild black hair. 

“I’ve returned for you … Ion.”

“No!” Ion flailed his arms as he ran from the face, dashing mindlessly into the dark. But the soulless hyena like voice followed him, seeming to resound through his very soul:

“You can’t outrun me, Ion. I am a part of you … You can never outrun me!” The man ended with another burst of his ghastly hyena laughter. 

And everything spiralled into madness, as the world tumbled out of reason, logic, and rationality. And it all dissolved back into nothing. It was over.


Ion jolted forward on his seat, sending beads of sweat flying forward. 

Frozen as ice, he sat there for many unpleasant seconds, unable to grasp any meaning in what lay around him, or where he was: logic and reason eluded him, trickling past his mind’s hold. And time itself seemed to have blurred. For a few moments, the only sensation reaching Ion amidst the chaos of his thoughts was a loud, incessant banging somewhere nearby. It took a while before he realised it was coming from within: his heart hammered against his ribs with a ruthless force. 

The haze enveloping his mind slowly cleared, and clarity struck him … bringing a relief welling revelation:

It was just a dream!

Warmth flowered within Ion, and the panic clutching him vaporized. He slowly reclined against his seat, listening to the rhythmic hum of a large engine from somewhere nearby. He was in a hallway with five lines of seats, of which his was the one on the extreme left. 

Ion looked out the circular window hanging by the wall on his left, and gazed out of it for a few seconds. As his eyes met the sight spreading out the window, the final traces of agitation left by the nightmare he had just had instantly died. A gripping sense of entrancement filled Ion as he gazed upon the ocean of darkness…

Space.

The one sight in the universe which could invoke such a beautiful sense of stillness in him. A serenity matched by nothing else. The expanse of darkness was showered with fine crystal dots. Powdery light that had voyaged legions to reach him… 

A minute or so passed before Ion drew his attention back to the hall he was in. The space cruiser he was travelling in had numerous halls such as this one, each with a vast capacity. A cruiser, unlike a regular space ship, was a giant vessel built for carrying an enormous capacity of travellers in it. Ion knew that the number of passengers in this one easily numbered to a thousand. 

Having dozed off for how long he knew not, Ion was lost to the thread of the journey. He turned to the man sitting on the nearby line.

“Excuse me,” he called. “Where are we exactly?”

The man lowered the magazine he’d been reading and looked up at Ion. He had two short, black horns emerging on opposite sides of his head and two dark patches hanging right below his eyes. Ion knew that these were attributes of the fact that the man was an Iveling, one of the countless species of intelligent, humanoid life forms that inhabited their world. The intelligent humanoid life forms which were otherwise called as the man beings, the pinnacle of evolution in the known universe. 

“We’re still in cluster 54.” the Iveling replied.

Ion sat up, his eyebrows rising. “We’re still in the same star cluster?”

“Don’t worry,” assured the man, his eyes sinking back to his magazine. “We should be reaching cluster 32 soon now. We’re almost at the space gate.”

Ion thanked the man and sat back against his seat, feeling a dull mass of boredom settle over him. 

Still in cluster 54 … reaching cluster 32 soon … almost at the space gate.

Cluster 32 and 54 were just two of the 72 star clusters present in the spectrum(the known portion of their galaxy, but a mere speck inside of it). The star clusters were imaginary spheres spread inside of which were a hundred planets and ten stars. The 72 star clusters formed what was called as the inner spectrum, the portion of the spectrum carrying almost all known life, and the portion where all the Republics, Kingdoms and states existed. To shrink the colossal distances separating the 72 star clusters in the inner spectrum, each star cluster had what was known as a space gate inside of it. The space gates were portals connecting a star cluster to the seventy one others. 

Within a minute or so, Ion saw what appeared to be a gigantic sphere like entity formed completely of violet light appear in front of the ship. The space gate seemed to be composed purely of violet light, looking somewhat like a violet coloured mini star. The rim of the space gate expanded across Ion’s window as the cruiser soared towards it. And as they entered the violet sphere, for a blinding moment the world seemed engulfed in a flare of brightest violet. 

Then, as the light died, the cruiser was emerging from the other side of the same violet spherical entity. However, they had just crossed billions of miles, and the space gate they were emerging from was that of a different star cluster. They had just teleported from cluster 54 to cluster 32, and across an unmassed distance that could have otherwise taken hours of transport. 

An announcement drew Ion’s attention, informing them that they had just emerged in cluster 32, and that the destination planet, Sacrogon, was a few minutes away. 

“That was fast,” Ion commented, turning to the Iveling on the neighbouring line of seats. “If only we had space gates connecting us to the outer spectrum.”

The Iveling looked up from his magazine, staring at Ion with a slightly intrigued look. “What d’you wanna go to the outer spectrum for? That place is no good and the whole world knows it.”

The outer spectrum, the outer portion of the spectrum that came beyond the inner spectrum, was unorganised, mostly lifeless region. Ion knew that the tone of foreboding the man spoke with was owing to the fact that the outer spectrum was deemed a dangerous, unnatural place. Which people avoided. There were numerous reasons for this, but the primary one was that fugitives, or those fleeing from prosecution in the inner spectrum, were usually found hiding in the outer spectrum. Thereby making it a dangerous place which was generally kept away from. 

“I’ve been there.” said Ion, sitting sideways on his seat. “To the outer spectrum.”

The man lowered his magazine, his attention now shifting fully to Ion. “Yeah?” He spoke softly, as though afraid he might be put behind bars for talking about the outer spectrum. “Did you- err,” He hesitated. “Did you happen to meet any of … them?”

“Who?” asked Ion, though he had a faint idea he already knew. 

The man’s whisper crawled softer. “Mystics of course.” He swept a look about him, clearly afraid to be caught talking about a topic that incited such fear among people. And a topic that had caused too much agitation in their world, over millennia.

Mystics were men whose minds transcended the level of regular ones, thereby giving them supernatural strengths and powers. They were hunted down and prosecuted heavily inside of the inner spectrum. Condemned by the Kingdoms and states of the inner spectrum, along with the Naxim, a powerful anti terror organisation, the mystics still surviving had all fled to the outer spectrum. And they were the main cause for the outer spectrum to be deemed to be such a deadly place. 

“Did you run into any of them?” the man repeated.

Ion gave a lazy shake of his head. “No, of course not.”

The man gave a grunt of laughter. “I shoulda guessed that. If you did, you wouldn’t be alive, would you?”

“Mystics aren’t really what make the outer spectrum dangerous.” said Ion.

“No?” asked the Redling, his tone boding a whisker of scepticism. 

“No,” said Ion. “There’re more deadly things out there than them. Try the non man beings, for instance.”

The man’s gaze sharpened at this second out of bounds topic that they were now delving into: If not mystics, the non man beings, the completely inhuman life forms that inhabited the scarcest region of the outer spectrum, boded the major cause of the fear people held for that place. They were mostly uncivilised, beastly creatures who hadn’t been seen for ages now… 

The mixture of curiosity and thrill mounting on his face, the man bent even closer. “Indeed. I’d agree with you on that, but non man beings aren’t easy to find, even in the outer spectrum. They’ve gone deep into hiding for long now, ever since the time of the empire.”

“And we’re lucky for that.” said Ion. 

“Blasted right we are.” said the Iveling, shaking his horned head. “Imagine having wretched creatures like the Ensys … or even worse, the Zelgron, here in our planets.”

Zelgron…

The word left a quick shiver to run through Ion. He fought off the dread rushing up.

“But having said all of that,” said the man, pausing for a moment’s thought. “I’d still hold the outer spectrum dangerous mainly because of them. Mystics.” He gave another grunt of laughter, slowly raising his magazine again. “I’d rather face a Zelgron than a mystic.”

Ion frowned at the man for a second, wondering if this topic was worth it. Then he slowly said, “Do you really think that all of them deserve to be condemned?”

The man lowered his magazine, turning to him with a look of dawning incredulity. “Who, mystics?”

Ion nodded. “I mean … come on, surely there’ve gotta be innocent ones among them. And surely they don’t deserve the prosecution they face, right?”

“Whether or not that’s true, I really don’t care.” said the man. “But I’m definitely glad they’ve been chased out of our world. We can’t risk being enslaved by a tyrant like Redgarn ever again, can we? Even now, the scars left by Redgarn and the empire that his mystic followers brought about aren’t gone, kid. And in getting rid of all mystics to make sure something like that doesn’t happen again, the Naxim’s done a pretty bold and necessary move. We’ve gotta be grateful to them.”

Ion’s frown deepened. He disagreed with the man in this. He knew that condemning all mystics, good or evil, was nothing close to bold … it was cowardice. The world had suffered because of the actions of a few mystics, but prosecuting all of them for it was oppression.

“How can you be so sure?” Ion argued. “What if there’re a good number of innocent ones among them?”

The man frowned. “It’d be hard to find innocent mystics, and if we do find them,” He shrugged his shoulder. “It’s too bad they’re a part of such a lethal class of men. In either case, we’ve no need to worry of mystics now that we’re at Sacrogon.”

“Why’s that?” asked Ion.

The man shook his head in a display of disbelief. “Come on, kid. This planet is on the Naxim’s highest priority list. The Naxim’s lookout and alertness in this planet’s sharper than in most others. They’ve got a tight hold here, and anti mystic security is way too high. If a mystic tries wandering into Sacrogon, he’d be risking every hair on his body.”

“Yeah, he probably would,” agreed Ion, slumping back against his seat. 

He absently ran one hand through his spiky red hair, relishing the feel of it. He knew that the crimson colour of his hair, along with the tint of orange on his skin which was barely noticeable(and which came to prominence in sunlight), were features of the species he belonged to. A rare species, known as Fyrlings. The thousands of man being species found across the spectrum, such as the Fyrlings and the Ivelings, were all distinguished by subtle and usually insignificant features. Like the Iveling’s horns and dark patches, and like Ion’s skin and hair colour. Among the countless species, three stood out and were found predominantly in the spectrum: the Ivelings, the Elflings(who had slanting eyes, and pointed ears), and the Redlings(who had short red fur covering their entire body). 

Less than two minutes passed before the rim of a giant brown orb slowly drew across Ion’s window, with the cruiser zooming towards it. Sacrogon, Ion admitted, was the smallest planet that he had been to. Now exiting space, the cruiser scaled down its speed drastically. In a few seconds it had breached the planet’s atmosphere, streaking through its spongy, cloud strewn sky. 

As the cruiser glided into the lower level of the sky, the planet’s ground slowly came to clarity. The city, or whatever could be seen of it from this distance, appeared as a giant maze of short concrete buildings spread over a vast, brown ground. Ion couldn’t help noticing that the city carried an unglamorous, shabby air. It appeared to have grown over an explosive, unplanned pattern. The tiny streets were squeezed between the sprawl of structures in whatever space available. 

The city zoomed to clarity with the cruiser’s rapid descent. In a few seconds, the giant vessel angled towards a gigantic, empty expanse in the middle of the maze of structures. As the tiny dots perched on the empty expanse slowly grew to clarity, Ion realised they were ships: this, simple, inelegant and plain as it was, was the planet’s ship station. The ground came hovering upwards as the cruiser soared down, and in a few seconds, the cruiser had landed on the great brown expanse, sending a slight shudder down the corridor. 

Shuffling and bustling as they hurried towards the exits, the passengers pooled towards the doors located down front. Ion waited patiently for the crowd to clear before gathering his own belonging, a small black rucksack placed under his seat, and heading out himself. As he emerged into the open, he squinted to let his eyes adjust to the shift in lighting. 

The cruiser had landed somewhere at the edge of the clearing. Slightly ahead of him, a line of short concrete buildings stretched against the horizon. The lower range of the sky had a faint pinkish glow. The evening sun, a blood red orb, lay half immersed in the line of buildings, with a crimson halo painted around it. 

Ion allowed himself a few seconds to intake the scenery as he stood and gazed at it. Then, reaching into the rucksack held in one hand, he unzipped the bag and dug through his contents for a while before extracting from the mess, a crumpled yellow chit. 

Right where I left you.

This crumpled yellow chit was the reason Ion was here… 

Dropping the rucksack, he unfurled the yellow chit with both hands, and spent a few seconds gazing into it. Then, drawing in a slow, deep breath, Ion picked up his rucksack again and trotted forth into the bustling city…


3




The silence was rigid, stone like. 

The large, chamber like room was spread over a gigantic empty area. Its walls were pushed well apart, and its roof hung higher than any ordinary room’s. 

On both ends of the room, standing as still as the walls behind them, were two lines of Rash-cons. Even in the inactive state they stood in, the robots seemed to fill the space around them with a fierce mechanical menace. Something that their timid, thin builds failed to hamper. 

At the far end of the room, standing around a particular spot in a guarded, uncomposed manner, were six men. Their postures were unrelaxed, and their faces reflected the same sense of turbidity. All six pair of hands carried an identical black coloured gun. It was no larger than a pistol, but with a fine curvish elegance in its craft. The Sparkler was the widespread used gun in the spectrum. Built in three modes with one to kill, one to stun(to render unconscious), and one to freeze(temporarily paralyse), this was weaponry in its most advanced form. Unlike bullets or darts, the Sparkler used electro bolts for its shots, saving the carrier the arduous need of carrying ammunition. 

The six Sparkler wielding men shifted mildly from time to time, and threw occasional seething glances at the spot they stood surrounding. But they would quickly switch their attentions back to the other peculiar feature in the large room: a man pacing up and down it relentlessly. 

With his hands behind his back, a Redling strode back and forth inside the large room, his eyes glued to the ground ahead of him. The red fur covering him all over was so short, a person standing at a distance might have mistaken his skin itself to be red. The man seemed completely oblivious to his surroundings as he strode up and down the room in his thought absorbed state. Finally trotting to a stall in his unresumed pacing, Grando slowly looked up. An unpleasant frown had settled over his brow.

Very well, then. He thought to himself. I guess you leave me with no choice.

He wheeled to face the line of Rash-cons on his right. “Go fetch me … the Stinger.”

The robot took a step forward, gave Grando a stiff salute, and then bustled off towards the door of the large room. Grando’s eyes followed the Rash-con as it walked over to the room door, which slid open automatically to let it through, and then re sealed itself.

Grando sucked in a deep, cooling breath, and then slowly turned to face the six men at the far end of the room. His eyes centered on the peculiar spot sitting amidst the men…

Racowl sat bound to a chair in the midst of the six men, with his robes tattered and torn at spots, and deep red cuts lining his exposed skin. His face was purple and swollen at spots, with one of his eyelids swollen and slightly blotchy. But despite the heavy torture he had endured, Racowl simply refused to budge. His stubbornness was unwavering. 

And now, it was time to change that. 

Grando slowly stalked forward, his eyes locked on the prisoner sitting bound to the chair helplessly at the end of the room. The men standing around him fixed their attention on Grando as he casually walked up to them. Racowl’s eyes, bulging with terror, were locked over Grando as he approached.

Stepping up by his side, Grando gave Racowl a gentle pat on the shoulder. He looked over the wall behind him. A dense clutter of pictures lay pasted across the wall, such that little room was left in between the pictures. All of the pictures had a face staring out of them, and below the face, the word ‘Nemesis’ followed by a number. 

“My enemies,” said Grando, shaking his head at the clutter of pictures. “rivals, nemeses. All of them come from such diverse backgrounds. Some of them are traitors, some members of enemy terror groups, some of them ministry officials. But all of them have one thing in common.” He lowered his voice to a silky whisper. “I need them all dead. Fast. And die, they will. Now, let’s see here.” He ran his forefinger over the wall, along the clutter of pictures. “There’s nemesis 5, a desecrator. I’ve been trying to find him for months now … Ah, and nemesis 8, an enemy terror group leader. I should have him killed soon. And nemesis 12, an army officer … he’s a prick, that man. And of course, nemesis one, my most dangerous foe. I need to kill him before he kills me. And this is a pretty deadly one.” 

With a rough chuckle, Grando slowly turned and strode before the bound man on the chair. “But trust me, they’ll have nothing to fear … when compared to you, Racowl.” He bent before the chair, bringing his face mere inches to Racowl’s mutilated one. “For your sake, I hope you’ve fully understood the true graveness of your position right now.”

Racowl’s pupils were wide with terror, as they watched Grando with a reeling intensity. 

“Tell me right now exactly how much information about us you’ve leaked to the secret forces,” Grando paused and swallowed a quick breath. “And I may just let you live without a limb or two.”

Drawing himself up straight, he turned to face the door to see if the Rash-con he had sent had returned, before turning back to face Racowl. 

“The secret forces haven’t done a great job this time.” he said. “They put a spy in a lethal terrorist group. A very bad spy … who had gotten himself caught a little too easily.” 

The six men laughed harshly. 

“And now,” Grando bent down before the bound man again, his voice sinking to a dangerous hiss. “that spy is sitting in the interrogation room, badly tortured … and not far from his death.” He waited for the terror to effect in Racowl’s bulging eyes before adding softly, “But if you’d still like to defend your friends in the secret forces, who have not a care as to what’s happening with you now, be my guest.”

He reached for the gag stuffed into Racowl’s mouth and plucked it out. Racowl gave a rugged cough, and then burst out, “I swear, I didn’t tell them anything! I told them nothing, I-” He stopped with a gasp of pain as Grando dove his fist into his stomach, making him bend over on the chair, heaving for breath. 

“Wrong answer.” Grando breathed coldly. “I know you’ve leaked information about this terrorist organisation to the secret forces – as if I didn’t have enough problems concerning the authorities already.”

“I haven’t leaked anything!” squealed Racowl, shaking his head fervently. “The secret forces haven’t heard from me yet.” His voice was filled with desperacy. “Please, you have to believe me!”

The sound of the door hissing open came from behind Grando, who felt a smile rise to his lips. “Let’s see if I do.”

He turned to see the Rash- con he had sent earlier march back in, holding something with both arms. As he reached Grando at the end of the room, the Redling snatched the gun from the Rash-con’s hands, surveying it with wild eyes. 

This was the Stinger … The most unfailing torture weapon there was. This was the finale. If Racowl didn’t budge even for this, then it would mean that he was telling the truth after all … or that he was too tough for even the Stinger. Knowing the amount of pain triggered in the target’s nervous system by the Stinger’s shots, Grando knew he would settle for the former. 

Lifting his eyes from the gun, he met Racowl’s terror filled ones, and a sense of savage glee arose within him. The six men were now watching closely, their faces holding a brutal joy in anticipation of what happened next. 

Grando held the Stinger aimed steady at Racowl, who clearly knew enough to be terrified beyond himself.

“Last chance, Racowl.” he called. “Is there anything you’d like to tell me?”

Racowl shook his head wildly, his eyes wide with alarm as they stared at the tip of the Stinger, which was held aimed right at him. The only sounds he seemed to be able to emit were terrified, inaudible whimpers.  

Grando squeezed the gun’s trigger. 

A bolt of bright yellow sprang from the tip of the barrel, soaring across the distance between them, and smashing into Racowl squarely on the chest. His chair rocked backwards on the impact. Racowl released a loud, drawn out scream of agony.

The men jeered with laughter, clearly finding the same savage sense of joy in watching this as Grando himself did … This was the reason he enjoyed working with these men. 

As the jeering and laughter slowly faded, every pair of eyes fixed itself upon Racowl. He was gasping for breath for a long trail of seconds, the aftermath of the Stinger’s shot. 

“I’m warning you,” said Grando. “The Stinger’s shots are meant to torture … but usually three is enough to kill.”

Racowl finished gasping and looked up at Grando, his eyes carrying a plea for mercy. Something he was never going to find in here.

“I didn’t tell them anything, I swear!” he squeaked. “I really didn’t! Please, don’t -”

Grando shot a second time. As the yellow bolt collided with him, Racowl gave a second, louder scream, which seemed to linger within the room in echoes for many nasty seconds. 

Grando slowly walked forward, lowering his head before a gasping, helpless Racowl. 

“Final chance.” he whispered. “Tell me now: did you leak anything?”

Still gasping, Racowl met Grando’s eyes and gave a trembling shake of his head. 

Grando bored into his eyes, surveying them for a long moment, and then smiled. This had to be the truth. Nobody could be that good an actor, and nobody could stand two shots of the Stinger and still not break. Not even Racowl. 

He nodded slowly, his smile growing longer. “Ok. I guess I don’t have a choice, but to believe you.” He turned and trotted a few feet away, before slowly facing his men. “So, tell me men, now that that’s over … how shall we kill him?”

Racowl’s head bolted up, his jaw falling open. He tried to form words, but only a pitiful, whimpering noise emitted from his lips.

The men’s expressions were now shining with anticipation. This was the moment they’d been waiting for. All of them. Including Grando. 

“You didn’t actually think we were going to let you live, did you?” Grando laughed cruelly. “I’m sorry, my friend, but you’ve seen too much of what’s within us. We can’t possibly allow you to go on living.”

Racowl shook his head, his face filled with horror. “No … please, don’t.”

The men cracked their knuckles, some of them unsheathing razors and knives from their belts. 

Oh, this is gonna be fun…

 Grando watched as the six men slowly closed in on Racowl, their eyes burning. But right then, the hiss of the door sliding open from behind caught everyone’s attention. 

And then came the sound of a pair of footsteps trotting into the room…

While Grando waited where he stood, unbothered, the six others turned to gaze at the entrance … and the looks on their faces slowly slackened from joy to astonishment. 

What’s this?

Grando slowly turned to face the entrance, wondering who this mysterious entry was. And as he did, the shock swallowing the rest of the room claimed him as well…

The intruder who came striding into the room calmly, was Grando’s most dreaded enemy … his foremost fear.

It was nemesis one. 

“Ion?” Grando said in a mystified whisper. 

The red haired boy came striding into the chamber in an elegantly casual pace. As he approached the end of the room, he spread his hands cheerily. “Grando, how’ve you been, old friend? It’s been far too long!”

He stopped a few metres before a thunderstruck Grando, a false grin on his face.  For a small eternity, the two of them stood metres apart, staring at each other in rigid silence. 

The eighteen year old boy looked just as Grando remembered. Tall and stickly thin. Dressed in a long black cloak. Long, messy red hair. The tint of orange on his skin that would often go unnoticed. The same youthful, vibrant face. And the same burning orange eyes. 

“It wasn’t easy finding you.” Ion declared, his voice just as casual. “Took me pretty long. You’ve been living completely off the grid for some time now. Deep in hiding.” He shook his head. “Grando, Grando. So much of insecurity … over me?” 

As the shock passed, the old anger rushed back to Grando.

“You’ve got some nerve coming in here, you blasted swine.” HHHhhe threw the Stinger to the ground with a metallic clang, reached for his Sparkler hanging by his belt, and took aim at Ion’s face.

Ion’s orange eyes stalled over the gun briefly, and not a flicker of fear escaped them. “We both know that’s hardly a wise move right now, mate.”

Grando shook his head, laughing. “You may be a mystic, and I’ve seen what you can do … but I’ve faced far worse, kid.”

Ion looked at Grando for a quiet moment, and then a twisted smile formed on his face. 

“When I’m done with you,” he whispered. “you’ll wish you have.”

Without letting another second pass, Grando opened fire. He pulled the Sparkler’s trigger again and again … filling the air ahead of him with a tide of deep blue bolts that soared towards the thin boy standing in the middle of the room. Helpless. 

As the Sparkler shots sailed at him, Ion stood his ground, unflinching. And then, at the very last splinter of a second, he held up his hand at the rain of Sparkler bolts, as though commanding them to stop. And a shimmering, glass like surface formed in the air right in front of where he held his palm. The glass like surface acted like a shield: the Sparkler bolts collided with it and died, as though having hit a solid wall. 

Grando knew what had happened: Ion had used his mystical powers to conjure what was known as a shield. Something told him that the Ion standing before him now was not the same boy he had known. A more powerful entity seemed to have entered this room than the one Grando had known from earlier on. 

Twitching in panic, he turned to the Rash-cons lining the wall and roared, “Rash-cons, ATTACK!!”

The robots bolted forward to the centre of the room, their guns drawn and blazing… spurting Sparkler bolts at Ion. 

But Ion reached for a handle emerging behind him. He pulled the handle, drawing a familiar, long thin sword, and swished it over the air once. There was a dazzling flash. And the blade of his sword was shining in a bright orange colour. With wisps of steam emitting from it. The boy’s orange eyes seemed to mirror the flaming glow of his sword. As the deadly jets of light soared at him from all sides, Ion launched into motion… 

It was like watching a video on fast forward: Ion twirled his sword at a mindless speed, so that all that was seen of him was a wild orange blur. Twisting, turning, ducking and leaping, he danced through the cluster of robots surrounding him all over. His sword flew about in violent streaks of orange as it cut off the Sparkler bolts sent at him, and slashed through the robots at the same time. 

Within six or so seconds, the dozen robots lay on the ground in a clutter of chopped up, steaming metallic parts. Wherever Ion’s sword had sliced them, only an orange radiation glow remained, releasing puffs of steam. 

Ion’s eyes travelled over the remnants of the batch of robots, before rising to meet Grando’s again. 

Grando felt his insides writhe as he looked into the boy’s burning orange eyes. Whipping about to face his men, he bellowed, “Well, don’t just stand there, go get him!”

The men stared with terror soaked eyes. But, clearly forcing down their panic, they followed their leader’s orders and stormed forth at Ion, firing. 

Ion lazily ducked below two of their shots, sidestepped two, and watched as the last two streaked past him harmlessly. Before the men could begin to think of the impulse to react, he gave a lazy flick of one hand. The frontmost three of the men rose to the air, crashed against each other, and toppled to the ground over the other three, smashing the entire group to a helpless heap that lay still on the ground. 

Ion made no further move, and calmly gazed at Grando with his shining sword still held in one hand. 

Wrenching himself from the spot, Grando wheeled about and pelted towards the door. But out of nowhere came a sudden swoosh of wind. And the boy landed right in front of him, apparently having crossed the distance between them in one effortless leap. 

Stopping in his tracks, Grando stumbled and fell, rolling over in the boy’s shadow. As he lay there in a helpless, crumpled pile on the ground, a powerful pair of hands clasped the front of his robes and heaved him upwards … and he was staring into his age old nemesis’s eerie orange eyes again. 

“I’ve waited so long for this day.” said Ion, his orange eyes blazing.

“You’re a monster.” breathed Grando, his eyes wide as he stared into Ion’s. 

“I’m a disease.” whispered Ion, a nasty smile slitting his face. “And I’ve come for my cure.”

And with that, Grando felt a snap across his neck … and the world dimmed and went off. 


4




Despite its moderate size, the room’s lack of furniture seemed to expand it from within. A lonesome torch clutched the corner of the room, its billowing flames shedding a rich golden light over the entire space of the room. Sitting in the middle, his still figurine casting a flickering shadow on the ground before him, was an elderly man. He lay squat legged on the ground with his eyes closed. His stiff posture hosted not the meanest flinch of motion. 

After an hour or so of undisturbed meditation, Mantra slowly emerged from the deepest reaches of his self. He lifted his eyelids slowly, revealing the hazy white eyes beneath them. But the serenity and calm that those wizened pair of eyes were known to always bear was suddenly shaken… 

Mantra was not the type of man swayed easily. He had endured much, and he always managed to keep his steadiness in the face of any situation. Any catastrophe. 

But this one made a very clear exception. 

The signs were bad. Very bad. 

Mantra’s mystical intuition tingled, warning him of something grave ahead. Something dark. For the first time in so many years, his inner calm was tarnished with an unrest, a fear. For a disturbance like no other had descended upon the realm. And was waiting to consume them all. 

Mantra inhaled long, slow and deep, allowing the tension to ebb slowly. And then, rising, he headed for the door. 

__________


After attacking the terrorist base, Ion had rescued Racowl, who had grievous wounds that needed tending, and had taken him to the nearby village. He had delivered an unconscious Racowl to a healer in the village, who had promised to tend to his wounds. 

Ion was now striding down the village’s lanes, which had ground to a complete halt with the fall of the night. Stretching on both sides of the lane he was walking through were rows of short, shabbily built buildings. Occasionally, the row of houses would be broken with a restaurant, or some other rare amenity found in the middle of this rural layout.

Scouting and finding the healer had taken much of the evening. The onset of the night was now drawing overhead as darkness stirred in the clear blue sky. The sun had vanished behind the horizon, sucking most of the day’s light along with it. 

As Ion strode down the lane, he drew out a crumpled yellow chit and unwrapped it. The chit had carried the efforts of many months. It was all culminated in the information that lay jammed inside the piece of paper. This information was what had led him to this day, this fine day … for which he had worked so long. He had long sought to kill this one hated enemy of his. And it was now done. The knowledge that Grando was dead, and that Ion had been the one to kill him, was blissful. There were few moments in life where Ion had felt such a bright glow of satisfaction.

After so long, one of his most hated enemies was dead.

But there was one other, who remained.

Ion felt his fists slowly tighten as he remembered his name … the name of that one living person whom he hated more than even Grando himself. The one living creature whom he hated more than anything.

Vonayz… 

He crushed the yellow chit and stuffed it back into his pocket. Suddenly, all of the delight of his victory had vanished behind a newly awakened veil of seething fury.

Grando had been his primary target for him, one he had been seeking to kill for quite long now. But the truth was that he was actually nothing … compared to Vonayz. The two of them went long back. And the solid barrier of hatred between them was harder than anything else in the world. 

But beneath the fury, Ion felt the meanest trickle of fear, when he remembered his ancient hatred. 

And he was right in feeling so…


Two years ago


Thick black fumes engulfed the burning hut. 

Ion raised his glowing sword, covering his mouth with his other hand. Struggling with all his might, he heaved himself up slowly from the ground. But the feeble slash across his stomach left his insides scorched, so that he could hardly mind anything else… 

Gritting his teeth in the terrible pain, he rose. 

And just as straightened up, he felt something hurl at him from amidst the smoke. Not a second too soon, Ion launched out of the way of the body that came flying out of the fumes at him. Vonayz landed on all fours, straightening up to face Ion. 

In a lightspeed motion, he raised his ignited sword and lunged at Ion, who had a split second to raise his own. The steely cling of their blades meeting rose over the raging of the flames. 

The two mystics stood there, their swords locked, for a second that seemed to stretch. Ion stared into Vonayz’s black eyes and the dark patches below it. His long, tousled hair looked ravaged, with two horns sticking out on either side of his head. 

In a flash, Vonayz pushed Ion back, freeing his clasped saber, and made a speedy jab. Ion sidestepped the shot, and swung his sword at the Iveling’s side. Vonayz’s eyes widened slightly as they followed Ion’s blade. Faster than any normal man, he jumped back, bringing his own sword forward in a defensive slash. A fiery shower of sparks emitted as both their blazing swords clashed again. Vonayz sent a lightspeed swipe at Ion’s neck, which Ion ducked not a second too early.

Before he straightened up, Vonayz’s sword flew at him again from the side. Ion twisted around, his sword slicing across the air in attempt to block his enemy’s. 

Cling! 

Their ignited swords clashed again and again in a fierce duel, both their movements blurred as they danced at speeds unbelievable to normal man. 

Cling! Cling! Cling!

Sparks flew every time their swords met, as the two mystics fought with a mindless ferocity, both to kill…

Ion felt a concreteness of focus like no other as he ducked, sidestepped, slashed and jabbed. But Vonayz was too strong. He couldn’t gain the upper hand against such a powerful mystic… 

Vonayz slashed across Ion’s sword in an effortless swing, and then, before half the second had died, hurled his leg forth in a wild kick. Ion felt a hard, ramming sensation in his chest as Vonayz’s foot landed there, and then he was airborne. He felt himself soar backwards, the fire’s groggy black fumes shifting about him. And a heavy thud sounded as he hit the floor, his sword flying out of his hand. 

Before he picked himself up, he felt a heavy foot stamp his chest, pressing him to the ground. Vonayz stood over him, his face torched like the burning house they were now in. A maniacal glow shone in his eyes. 

“Time to die.” he whispered, holding the sword high. His mouth opened in a war cry as he dove his sword down at Ion… 

And then, with a swoosh of wind and a loud crash! It was all over…

Ion opened his eyes. 

Vonayz lay on the floor next to him with a large, burning portion of the roof having landed over him. He stirred feebly, his sword beside Ion. Ion slowly picked himself up, reaching for his own sword. He felt a roar of inner fury as he locked eyes with the fallen mystic on the floor of this burning house. 

He bent down over Vonayz and whispered, “You wrecked my life. I wrecked yours.” He stood back up, dusting ash from his shoulder. “Consider us even.”

And then, dousing his blade, Ion slid it back into its sheath, turned and walked off as the rest of the blazing structure came tumbling down around him…
	

The present


This was no ordinary enemy, which Ion had made. A part of him was almost grateful that the two of them would never meet again. For if they ever did, Ion’s luck might have run out. 

Shaking himself out of his daydream, he brought his attention back. Night had landed, and the village was now in utter silence. He barely found people walking about by the lanes. The shops by the side of the street were all closing down, and people were sealing themselves inside their houses. 

As he slowly fell back to focus, a new worry clotted at the back of his mind. And as it did, the joy of victory died away, replaced by a quiet sense of foreboding.

The words rang at the back of his mind: 

“This planet is on the Naxim’s highest priority list. The Naxim’s lookout and alertness in this planet’s sharper than in most others. They’ve got a tight hold here, and anti mystic security is way too high. If a mystic tries wandering to Sacrogon, he’d be risking every hair on his body.”

Earlier on, when the Iveling in the cruiser had told him this, he had been slightly shaken: he hadn’t been aware of the fact that the planet he was entering now was so dangerous for mystics. But he reasoned with himself that this was the final stage of a long struggle, one which would finally end when he had Grando killed. And now that he was here at the end, it would be foolish to back out. And so, pushing his fear away, he had decided to go on and enter Sacrogon to do what he had come here for. Despite the heavy risk involved. But with the task now over, the earlier fear came gushing back to occupy his headspace… 

He was now in one of the most dangerous planets for a mystic to be in. 

It’s all right. He reasoned with himself. This is a village. I’ve only gotta be afraid of a place where there’s a Naxim base. There’s no way there’s one anywhere around here for miles around. Everything’s fine. All I need is to get out of here as quickly as possible, and make sure no one knows I’m a mystic.

Though there was truth in this argument, Ion knew that his fear was well asserted: getting out of the planet was the hard part. He had used public transport to arrive. And he would use public transport to leave. He only hoped that there was a ship station closeby for him to catch the next ship out of the planet: The station he had arrived here in was literally on the other side of the planet, and it had taken him an arduous task to cross the planet from that station to get here. He now needed one that was closer and easier to reach.

He wandered down the dark lane for a few minutes, before coming to a stop by the house of the village headman. Which he identified through a large banner propped by the side of the house. The village had come to an end here, and a vast barren terrain ran forth beyond the Headman’s humble two storey house. Sitting in front of the door in a rocking chair was a man playing a small hand sized guitar. He was cloaked, with the large lopsided brown hat over his head covering the upper half of his face. A large silver bag pack rested by the side of his rocking chair. 

“I’m looking for the village headman.” Ion said, stopping by the man’s side. 

The man lay the guitar on the ground beside the silver bagpack and looked up. He was en Elfling, with prominent slanting eyes and pointed ears which were half covered by the large brown hat he wore. 

“You’re talking to him.” said the Elfling, adjusting a small, silver badge on his breast that said, ‘NOVIO – VILLAGE HEADMAN’

Novio drew himself up from his rocking chair which creaked slightly, and held his hand out towards Ion. “Name’s Novio. How can I help you, son?”

“I need directions to the nearest ship station there is.” replied Ion.

Novio continued adjusting his badge for a second or two, as though affronted that Ion hadn’t noticed it. Then, looking back at Ion, he muttered, “Ship station … hmm. We folks here don’t travel a lot, so … there isn’t one.”

Ion lifted an eyebrow, slightly thrown by this piece of information. “I arrived to this planet at a station that’s literally at the other side of the planet. Are you telling me that am the only ship station this planet has?”

The Elfling surveyed Ion for a moment, looking deep in thought. 

“I think it is.” 

Ion blinked, feeling slightly edgy now. He knew that leaving this planet wasn’t going to be easy if this was so…

“Well, is there a fast way I can get to the other side of this planet?” he asked, hoping that there was a quicker route to reach the ship station that he had arrived in. 

Novio looked away, frowning as he thought. Then he said, “There’s a place nearby where you’d get public transport. A hover bus arrives every fifteen minutes or so. That should help you reach the planet’s station.”

“Right. So how do I get there?”

“It’s about twenty miles northeast,” Novio jerked his head towards the desert lands sprawling beyond. “Out there.”

Ion gaped at Novio. “Twenty miles?” He looked towards the barren lands stretching out beyond. “Out there?” 

He turned back to Novio, staring at him with disbelief. “But you said it was nearby!”

Novio shrugged. “It is for us.”

Ion continued to gape at the Elfling. “How am I supposed to venture out there?” He gestured towards the desert. “Without getting lost, that is?”

Novio stroked his chin, frowning. After a thoughtful second, he bent down by the chair’s side, unzipped his backpack and rummaged through the items within it. After digging through what appeared to be a clutter of junk for a whole minute or so, he slowly straightened up, holding a small circular object. He tossed it to Ion, who caught it with both hands. It was a small compass. 

“Just follow northeast, kid.” He told Ion. “You should reach the place in a few hours.”

A few hours! Ion felt his insides scream. His gaze leaped towards the horizon, past the vast desert sprawl. He cursed his ill luck, feeling frustration sap his energy. But he fought down his anger, knowing that things could’ve been a lot worse: As of now, he had an escape route, a means to leaving the planet unhindered, without alerting the authorities … and that was something to be grateful for. And his fears of being discovered and caught bore no reasoned basis. There was nothing to be afraid of, he reasoned. Not when nobody even knew that he was a mystic … yet. 

“Thanks.” He told Novio, who nodded and then sank back to his rocking chair, dropping the silver backpack by his side again.  

Ion set off, glancing at the compass before stuffing it into his pocket. 

He felt the night’s chill wrap around him like a frosty blanket, its freezing effect sinking right into his bones. Clutching his sides as he half shivered, Ion trotted forth down the unleveled land. 

He felt the same pang of resentment at the twisted fate that had found him … that had found this world he lived in. The conversation from his cruiser journey echoed within him:

“Do you really think that all of them deserve to be condemned?…Come on, surely there’ve gotta be innocent ones among them. And surely they don’t deserve the prosecution they face here, right?”

“Whether or not that’s true, I really don’t care. But I’m definitely glad they’ve been chased out of our world. We can’t risk being enslaved by a tyrant like Redgarn ever again, can we? … It’d be hard to find innocent mystics and if we do find them, it’s too bad they’re a part of such a lethal class of men.”

The Iveling Ion had spoke to on the cruiser was just a class of people who held this twisted belief … and this class of men had literally consumed the entire spectrum… 

The ignorance that had founded the spectrum’s hatred for mystics was ignited by fear … The spectrum held a deep seated fear of mystics for their unnatural powers and the superiority it gave them over other men. But this fear was aggravated greatly by the fact that mystics had been responsible for the darkest age in the history of the world… 

Long ago, a group of twisted, satanic mystics had misused their powers to rise to dominance over the entire spectrum. They had oppressed and enslaved all of mankind under their tyrannical, chaotic rule. A rule that had left its blotch on the pages of time. It was an age of evil that the world had never forgotten.

This dark period had carved a deep rooted fear and hatred for mystics among the peoples of the spectrum. When their rule fell and the spectrum was free again, the people had grown to hate and dread mystics. And so, driven to ensure that such a thing never came to pass again, the spectrum’s states had together taken an extreme step … they had decided to condemn and hunt down all mystics. They wanted to keep themselves free from even the slightest threat that could come in the form of a mystic. Abandoning humanity and reason, they had banished and chased out all mystics, rooting them all out of the many states of the spectrum. The Naxim, an anti terrorist organisation with its focus on curbing mystical terrorism, had been established. And the entire world had entered a deeply anti mystic age, which spawned until today…

Ion caught himself and shook off the negative thoughts, bringing his mind back to focus. That was what made all the difference in the world. In their world … the world of the mystic. Mind made all the difference, and if used correctly, with the right discipline … it would unleash miracles. 

“Guide your focus away from negativity always, Ion.”

The words of the great man resonated within Ion, making nostalgic reverence well within him. The words of the man who had changed Ion’s life … his great mentor. 

“Keep your focus on the store of infinite positivity lying within.” Jedius had once told him. “Keep your mind’s eye on the trove of unbound wonders inside of you… and you shall bring about wonders outside of you as well.” 

Ion drew in a deep breath as the memory of that voice shook him from within. Sighing inwardly, He descended a giant crated like depression on the ground. He pulled his compass out as he did every few minutes, to check if he was still on the right route. 

I must have crossed at least four miles. He calculated roughly. Another sixteen miles to go.

Pocketing the compass, he climbed over the other edge of the crater and walked on idly. 
__________


Varn stretched within the car, feeling boredom gnaw at him. As a taximan, it was hard to keep himself busy. Fares were getting harder to find these days, and his hover car, a compact four seater vehicle, was beginning to go low on activity. 

Varn traveled about from place to place, looking for people who might need transport services, including interplanetary transport. For almost an hour now, he had stayed rooted to this gloomy place he’d arrived to, where there was almost nothing lively going on. Keeping his hopes up, Varn had decided to cling to this place, waiting for a fare who might pass by. 

He was parked by the side of a small hut. Since nightfall, he hadn’t seen a soul crossing the place about him. 

A low bang drew his attention, making him bolt upright. A figure stood outside his cab, gesturing to him to open the door.  

A fare! He thought, slightly stunned. It’s about bloody time. 

He opened the door, and the man’s features came to clarity from the light within the car. He was an Elfling, wearing a large brown hat over his head. A badge lay pinned to his cloak’s breast which read, ‘NOVIO –VILLAGE HEADMAN’

“I just came into direct contact with a mystic!” Novio burst out. “A boy with messy red hair. He came to me asking for directions. I need to get to the nearest Naxim base to report this now!”

Varn stared at him for a few seconds, feeling a rising disillusionment. 

“What?” he whispered, pulling himself straight. 

Without waiting, Novio slid into the vehicle by his side, carrying a silver backpack by his side. 

“Listen,” he said slowly, with the air of one mustering a great patience in the face of a heated situation. “I just came across a mystic. A superhuman, lethal creature walking around in our land. I need you to get me to the nearest Naxim base, so I can report this and make sure that this mystic is brought down immediately. So fly!”

__________


Officer Gowden heard what was being told to him, but the tossing effect of the words reached him a second late. 

“A – a mystic?”

Novio was carrying a silver backpack, which he unzipped. After furiously digging through a heavy clutter of items in the bag, he slowly brought out a small, gleaming disc like device. 

Gowden, an officer for the Naxim, recognised the device instantly.

“This is the mystical energy detector that Naxim bases here had recently gotten delivery of.” Novio explained, wagging the disc shaped device. “I’d gotten one from another Naxim base just yesterday. I had the mystical energy detector in this backpack,” He gestured to the silver backpack with the clutter of items within it. “which I luckily had by the side of my rocking chair when this mystic happened to pass me. Around then, I’d heard whispers of something in a nearby terrorist base, involving a mystic. And so, I stayed out late, keeping an eye for something fishy. My caution payed off: just later, a young man passed me, asking for directions to leave the planet. He was in a hurry. I knew something was up. And so, in the middle of the conversation, I got the chance to look into the backpack. And when I did, I saw that the mystical energy detector inside the bag was giving positive readings… The boy was a mystic.”

As the shock of the revelation cleared slowly, Gowden felt a supreme sense of focus. It was now time for action. 

“Good, thanks for bringing this to us, sir.” He told Novio, frowning. He could feel the gravity in his own tone. “You’ve given us vital information. And now, we’ve got a burning task at hand. We’ll have to find and bring down this mystic. Immediately.”  He paused, and felt his frown deepen. “But locating the boy, wherever he is now, is going to be the hard part.”

“It wouldn’t.” said Novio, his lip twisting in what could have been a sly smile. “I’ve made your task a little too easy: Right now, the boy’s carrying a tracking device which he believes to be a compass.” He paused for a complacent chuckle. “He actually believed me when I told him it was, and took it along with him! He should be carrying the tracking device with him now.” Reaching into the silver bag again, Novio pulled out a small metallic device smaller than a z-com and passed it to Gowden. “That is the monitor to his tracking device. It’ll show you exactly where he is. And where he goes.”

Gowden pressed the only button on the small device, and a small holographic screen filled the air right atop the device. It was a map, with a pinpoint focus on a small moving dot. The mystic. He was blissfully unaware of the fact that the ‘compass’ he was carrying with him now was actually a tracking device… and that his movements were now completely monitored. With every step he took. 

His mouth slightly ajar, Gowden locked eyes with Novio, who was still smiling. 

“You’ve just done this world a great service, sir.” said Gowden, feeling a rush of adrenaline. “Your quick thinking has just helped us identify a dangerous, potent threat … and to stomp it out instantly.”

Novio gave a nod.  “No problem … So what’s the plan, captain?”

“There isn’t one.” said Gowden, smiling. “This is done.” He turned and strode towards the door of his office, crunching his knuckles. “Now that we have his location, I’ll take a large squadron, and get to wherever he is in less than a couple minutes … And we’ll bring him back – dead or alive.” He gave a loose chuckle. “Not that it matters, really.”

__________


Ion had decided to cut himself time by making a speedy bolt across the land. With his mystic powers, he knew he could reach uncanny speeds in a steady pace, without growing tired. 

The wind swept past him as he tore through the desert terrain. At speeds unimaginable to normal men. The scenery around him rushed backwards, flashing past in a groggy blur. 

The rough land hampered his progress: craters and miniature hills came by his path, forcing his speed to falter as he ran along the unleveled terrain. But Ion’s razor sharp senses attuned themselves to the nature of his surroundings, giving him the split second’s notice he needed to jump over a hill, or dive down a depression on the ground ahead of him. 

Every few minutes, he would lower his speed and draw out the compass the village headman had given him. Checking to ensure that he hadn’t wavered from the right path. 

Twenty miles northeast…

Ion continued sweeping across the land at a brutal speed for a few minutes, before he found himself approach what looked like a village greatly similar to the earlier one. He calculated that he must have covered half the distance or more.

A slight fatigue sapped at his resolve: The unbroken cross country sprint across the land left him slightly weary. Deciding for a brief halt at the village, he broke his speed steadily, and came to a trot. 

The village was doused in silence, with the only sounds coming from the clinking of vessels in a house or two. All no larger than one storey, the small brick structures were spread out evenly over the smoothened terrain. The houses had straw roofs covering them, with large windows almost half the size of the door. 

Ion walked past one of them, watching as an old man with a flowing white beard stared at him from the window. He smiled at the old man, partly to convey the message that he wasn’t bringing any trouble. But the man continued to stare at him.

Gosh, this lonely place doesn’t have a lot of visitors does it?

Walking by, Ion wondered if he could find a place for refreshments somewhere nearby. He walked past a slightly larger hut, where nobody was visible through the window. Most of the hut like buildings were houses, and mild chatter could be discerned from within a few of them. 

Meanwhile, the old man with the flowing beard who had just stared at Ion looked downward, at the Naxim officer lying hidden on the ground beside his feet. 

“I think that was him.” 

“Did someone just walk past?” The officer asked in a whisper. “Was it a boy with messy red hair?” 

The old man nodded rigidly. “Yes. And he just went right by.”

The officer snatched a Sparkler that lay by the side of the ground, drew himself up, and spoke into a z-com held in his other hand:

“All units, maintain position. The target is within vicinity. I repeat. Maintain position. Stay where you are.”

Gowden turned back, peering through the dark house. A large group of Rash-cons lurked by the walls within the old man’s house. The old man they had interrupted for this operation, seeking cover in his house, had changed his mind about helping them when he learned that the target they were after was a mystic.

Gowden repeated the order, speaking with the z-com held close to his mouth. The boy had no idea what he had just wandered into: Awaiting him, hiding inside of every house in this village, was a team of Rash-cons. And the poor mystic was carefreely strolling past the houses he saw here, without a clue of what awaited him. When Gowden gave the order, they would all leap out and take him by surprise. He didn’t stand a chance.

Gowden stealthily walked out of the house, scanning the vicinity beyond. He found the boy at the far end of this line of houses, disappearing into a restaurant that came by the right. 

Smiling, Gowden spoke into his z-com in a clear whisper. “All units, fall out in my command. The mystic’s entered a restaurant. We have him cornered. And we’re takin him down.”

__________


The large restaurant had four lines of neatly laid tables, all of which were empty. Ion took a seat in the middle of the large hall. 

The only other person here was the waiter, who shuffled over to Ion’s table upon seeing him enter. 

“I’ll have a coffee.” Ion told the waiter. 

The waiter gave a nod and strode off, disappearing behind the counter. 

Ion sat straight and closed his eyes, giving himself a moment to relax physically. He brought his attention to his inner world, so that the world outside of him faded slowly… 

He grew aware of an unsettled turbulence in his own thoughts … his mind throbbed with fear and anxiety. 

He inhaled slowly, feeling the cool night air stream into his lungs. He held his breath for three counts, and then exhaled as slowly as he could. He continued this process a few more times, holding his breath longer each time. His mind shut itself from the outside world, growing calmer with every breath count. 

Slowly, the inner rumbling slowly died down, replaced by an unrippled silence.

Nothing to worry about at all. He convinced himself, as his anxieties quietened. I’m as safe as could be, right now. 

With one final breath, he slowly opened his eyes. 

Surrounding him, all of them aiming their black Sparklers at him, stood a giant cluster of Rash- cons. The robots were spread all over the room, looking ready to pounce upon him at a moment’s call. And sitting opposite to him on the table, an easy smile on his face, was a man with a Naxim badge stuck to his chest. 

“Your move, mystic?” said officer Gowden, tapping his Sparkler on the table.


5




Ion’s gaze slowly roamed over the entire room, before coming back to the Naxim officer seated opposite to him on the table. The robots surrounding him, standing spread over the room, numbered to more than fifteen. 

Four of them stood by either side of the Naxim officer sitting opposite to him. The waiter stood nervously at the back of the hall, watching with widened eyes. 

“You seemed a little too engrossed to even notice us entering into the room.” said the Naxim officer. “So we decided against disrupting you. Hope you enjoyed your breathing…” He picked up his Sparkler from the table. “because it’s gonna be your last.” 

Ion held his eyes with the officer, feeling no fear through the restored glow of his inner calm. 

“Now, any last words?” said the Naxim officer, holding his Sparkler at dead aim with Ion’s chest. 

“Just not yet.” replied Ion. Without warning, he threw both hands forward, and a heat wave like disturbance erupted in the air in front. Known as a smash, this was one of the most common mystical fighting devices. It was pure energy released into the outer world, meant to send a heavy, smashing impact upon its target, hence the name. The Naxim officer, his table, and the four robots around him were tossed back as though hit by a crane. The room was filled with flying entities for a frozen split second. A dozen heavy thuds came as the robots and the officer crashed over the tables spread over the room, and the wall behind them. 

Before the Rash-cons behind him could react, Ion was airborne: he leapt backwards gracefully, one free hand reaching for his sword. He had drawn the blade before he landed amidst the pack of dozen robots behind him, who turned to re focus their aims. Ion sent one fleeting thought to his sword, and the next second it responded: it was ablaze, shining in bright orange. 

Before the Rash-cons begun firing, Ion leapt forward, slashing three of them to the ground before they’d even registered the motion. Then, without turning, he sent three swift swipes of his sword to his right, and then his left. The seven robots on either side of him hit the floor, chopped up and lifeless. 

As the remaining five robots opened fire, Ion spun the sword at a violent speed, blocking all the jets of blue sent at him. The dazzling orange glow of his blade seemed to leave an unfaded imprint on the air before him. 

Ion then took a step forward, and sent his sword through the entire batch in two swift slashes. The five sliced bodies of the robots clattered to the ground. 

Another tirade of blue shots came from his right: the Naxim officer and his fallen robots were storming towards him from the other end of the hall, all their guns blazing. Ion leapt out of the way of the shots, taking a second’s cover behind one of the tables. One of the jets of blue hit the table, which shattered and flew, spewing splinters over the air. 

He scrambled over behind the nearing table, just missing one of the shots. As the officer and the four Rash-cons came dashing at him, Ion hurled a nearing chair at them. The group stopped and jumped out of the way of the flying chair, which smashed into one of the robots too slow to leap off the way. 

Ion heaved the table ahead of him with inhuman swiftness, and sent it flying over the robots and the officer. This time all of them were too slow to move, and the table landed over them with a loud crash, and an audible groan from the officer.

Ion scrambled to his feet and bolted to the door of the restaurant. Kicking the door open, he emerged onto the village’s street. But his heart stopped for the meanest moment: The street outside was filled with an even larger force of Rash-cons. Four small one-man fighter ships hovered over the air in front of him, their canons aimed at him. The robots inside the fighters’ cockpits held their guns ready as well. Two hover bikes floated a few feet by his right, with Sparkler wielding Naxim officers over them.

At least fifty pairs of guns lay aimed at Ion. 

They’ve brought an entire army…

Ion fought off the wave of dread that came rushing up within him. For a breathless moment, he slowly scanned the entire scene before him. 

Then, without warning, every gun in the street erupted, spraying him with jets of light and canon bolts. 

Ion channeled his mind’s energy with brutal focus … And a shimmering, glass like surface formed in the air ahead of him. The shield took the impact of the enemy fire flooding him from all around, and Ion felt it weaken rapidly. There weren’t a lot of choices: Severing his mind’s energy flow, he let the shield die, and launched himself to the right at the two Naxim officers on hover bikes.  The first officer was thrown off the bike as the weight of Ion’s body collided with him. The second officer fell off his bike, groaning in pain as Ion’s elbow rammed into his skull, hard. 

Without waiting another second, as the Rash-cons ran at him, and the fighter ships swooped over towards him, Ion jumped onto one of the hover bikes, took control, rose a few feet from the ground and then shot off into the dark village.

__________


Officer Gowden cursed to himself at what he’d just seen, as he ran outside the restaurant.

You aren’t getting away that easily, scum!

He ran over towards the fallen hover bike ride. Shoving the man off the way, he took hold of the bike and rose off the ground. 

“You four,” he called to the four fighter ships floating behind him. “follow me.”

The bike zoomed forward as he spun the throttle, and the four fighter ships came tailing him closeby from behind. The boy was riding far ahead of him, his outline growing slightly blurry as the distance between them grew. 

Relishing the feeling of the wind splashing against his face, Gowden gave the bike as much throttle as possible, and his bike slowly crawled closer to the mystic’s. Twenty feet below him, the village’s stout structures zipped backwards rapidly. The boy’s engine grew clear as he steadily approached him from behind. 

The four fighter ships behind him edged closer to him from both sides, their canon ready to rage. 

Now less than ten feet from the boy, Gowden drew his Sparkler with one hand, and aimed. 

__________


Ion’s bike gave a sudden, shuddering jolt, and then begin to lose height. 

A bright blue jet of light whizzed past his side, and he whipped his head back to see the Naxim officer along with four fighter jets, a few feet behind him. One of their shots had apparently hit his bike. 

He bent over its side, only to have a spurt of black oil released onto his face and his hair. The bike was damaged badly, and was losing height and speed fast. He wiped the black oil off his eyes and turned to his side: The Naxim officer’s bike sped forth beside him, and the man raised a z-com towards Ion. A flash of light emitted.

Taking my picture, huh? Enjoy it. Ion thought. That’s all you’re getting of me. 

With his bike hit, soaring lower and slower, Ion breathed in, bracing himself. As the Naxim officer reached for his Sparkler, Ion turned and dived towards his bike.  For a splintered second, the man’s eyes widened as Ion came flying over towards him elegantly, and he raised his Sparkler to re fix his aim over skyborne Ion… 

But before he pulled the trigger, Ion had crashed to the side of his bike, clinging to it so not to fall off. The impact made the officer lose balance: sliding off his seat with one hand gripping the side, the man dangled dangerously off the side of the bike. 

Ion climbed over, waiting as the bike passed a large horse shed before knocking the Naxim officer off the bike, and sending him to a safe landing on one of the giant heaps of hay.

Two orbs of red came sailing from behind him, just missing him. Ion glanced back as the bike sped on. The fighter ships stuck to his tail, firing at him relentlessly. One of the bright red canon bolts whizzed just over his head. Ion used his powers, summoning the familiar rush of energy from within, to make one of the ships steer off course: It clashed into its neighbour, so that both of them lost control and toppled to the ground.

The remaining two ships slid forward by either side of his bike. Ion saw the Rash-con driving the fighter to his right open the ship’s window to aim a gun at him. Ion lifted his bike just in time from the line of shot: the jet of blue that the robot released missed him and hit the fighter on his left instead, shattering its side. The fighter’s cockpit along with the robot driving it within set on fire, the ship slipped off the air … landing on the village street below with a resounding crash. 

As the Rash-con took aim at him again through the fighter’s window, Ion drew his sword. The familiar dazzling flash lit the sky for a moment as he ignited it. The blade’s orange shine reflected on the fighter ship’s flawless metallic skin. As the Rash-con opened fire, Ion split his attention so as to drive the bike and block the robot’s shots at the same time. 

The two of them swept over the chilly night sky, fighting. Twenty feet below, the rural sprawl of the village was coming to an end. The familiar barren terrain, unblemished by buildings or structures, spread forth beyond.

Time to end this…

Ion steered his bike closer to the fighter ship, blocking one final shot, and then sending his blazing sword in a neat, horizontal slice through the fighter’s body. The ship glided on in an unbroken inertial flow for one fragmented second. And then, tearing apart in two worthless, metallic chunks, it tumbled to the ground, spewing smithereens over the village’s houses as it crashed. 

Ion slowed down, landing a hundred metres away from the village on the earth’s unleveled floor. Dismounting his bike, he doused his sword and slid it back into its sheath. His chest rose and fell as he stood by the side of the bike, panting for a few seconds. Glancing back at the village, he saw nothing. No more of the Naxim’s forces pursuing him. Not yet, that was. 

Wiping the grease coating his face, he stood there for a second, feeling one thought blare above all else within him:

How the hell did they find me?

The Naxim seemed to have known exactly where to find him, right in the middle of nowhere. He felt an initial spell of panic that made him wonder if there was some unseen aspect of this planet which could detect and monitor mystics. But he calmed himself and carefully ran over everything he had done since exiting Grando’s base. He had kept moving all along, without sticking around anywhere. He hadn’t even made contact with a civilian here, had he?

Wait a second…

He frowned. A rising sense of suspicion crept up inside of him. Digging his hand into his pocket, he drew out the compass, staring at it deeply. He shook the compass, holding it close to his ear. 

Seems slightly heavier than a normal compass should be…

Using his powers, he dismantled the pieces of the compass, making them float in the air before him. And then a growl broke from his throat. 

This isn’t a compass, this is a tracker! He thought, infuriated. So that’s how this happened. The village headman I talked to sold me out!

He channeled his anger out of him in a focused, gushing stream, and the compass disguised tracker’s dismantled pieces caught fire in mid air, and then fell to the ground in ashes. 

For a moment Ion wondered how Novio had found him to be a mystic. But he cast the doubt out, knowing he had a more pressing issue to tend to. 

He took a moment to gather himself and analyse the options available to him now. He looked sideways at his bike, and felt a sliver of smug joy. Dangerous and near fatal as it might have been, his meeting with the Naxim had rendered him something useful after all: a vehicle. There was no longer the need to travel to that hangar, to leave this planet using public transport. 

But Ion frowned at the bike, sensing the hindrance in this plan.

If he wanted to use the bike for space transport, there was something he needed for it.

A power drive. 

And Ion was aware that getting one right now might prove to be a problem: he was literally in the middle of nowhere, with the Naxim on his tail.  

While full scale ships were designed for interplanetary space transport, hover bikes and hover ships were not designed such. In the case of hover bikes, cars, and other simple transport vehicles, the power required for space transport did not come inbuilt in their machine system. An external source was used for these vehicles, to grant them this immense power required for space transport. Known as the power drive. Without this, hover bikes, cars and boards were grounded to a single planet, to be used only for short distance transport and nothing more. 

Power drive or not, Ion knew that the first thing he needed was to put as much distance between himself and the Naxim’s forces in that village, before they called in reinforcements. 

First, I need to get out of here alive while I still can.

Mounting the sleek bike, he launched off again, streaking across the barren land, away from the village. 

__________


“How can I help you?” asked Palor.

He forgot to smile this time, as a slight ripple of disturbance passed him. 

With untamed red hair and fiery orange eyes, the boy stood tall and thin, with what looked like a long black instrument slung around his back. He seemed to have oil smeared by the side of his face, haphazardly wiped off the front. His orange eyes were hardened with focus. Something about his appearance left a note of slight disconcertedness in Palor, who, in all his days as a provision store owner in the semi urban town of Faoris, had never come across someone quite so…    

Strange.

“I need a power drive.” said the boy, sounding slightly hasty. “And fast.”

Palor took a step backwards from the counter, feeling his disconcertedness rise. 

“Err, of course, sir.” He threw a quick glance below the counter. Where lay the stack of small, cylindrical glass bottles that glowed with a greenish liquid within. Power drives. 

Bending down below the counter, Palor picked one of them up and slid them over to the table above. 

He then rose back above the counter. “That would be -”

… But he stopped abruptly, as he realised that the boy was gone. And so was the power drive he had placed on the counter. 

It was as though the boy had just snatched the power drive and disappeared. 

For a long moment, Palor gaped into empty space, wondering what had just passed. 

__________


Ion stared at the small cylindrical object, seeming to be filled with a glowing green liquid. 

He had traveled at least a hundred or so miles on the bike before finding a decent town, where he could get his hands on this. He felt a slight pang of guilt for the provision store owner he had just had to steal from. But he wasn’t going to let himself be captured by the Naxim, tortured and killed just to adhere to a code of righteousness that served little avail in such a twisted world. 

He rammed the small cylinder into the empty slot at the front of the bike, fitting the power drive into the vehicle. As the engine revved to life, Ion pressed a button and a bubble like encasing materialised to wrap the bike and its rider. It was transparent, seeming to be made of the thinnest layer of glass. 

Known as the Plasmon shield, this was required in all modes of open, unshielded space travel such as this one. The Plasmon shield protected the traveller on the bike from all ghastly effects of outer space travel. It rendered the air within the shield breathable by manufacturing oxygen within for the traveller.
 
All set, then. 

Ion drew out his z-com, producing a holographic screen over it. The z-com displayed a list of planets and moons that were nearest to him. He placed his aim on a moon of Sacrogon, known as Hadri. Although it came under the republic of Sacrogon, it was almost uninhabited, making it far looser in the grip of Naxim and the Sacrogon authorities. It would be the perfect place to hide in for now. Ion knew that he could find shelter somewhere in the planet for time being, before making further plans… 

As the hover bike floated just over the ground, encased in the Plasmon shield and ready to soar, Ion punched in the co ordinates on the vehicle. A moment of steady vibration gripped the vehicle, and then, with a loud, sonorous crack, the bike blasted off into the starry chasm stretching across the sky overhead. 

__________


Millions of miles away, in a dark cave, a man in a deep black cloak sat cross legged on the ground. Zardin’s eyelids shielded the ghastly lack of eyeballs beneath them as they lay half closed. 

The large, dark cave that he was now in formed a deeply peaceful place for people like him. People who were moulded in darkness. 

He slowly slid a hand into his robe pocket, and pulled out the pen shaped device they had acquired. He felt the familiar joy of a long awaited victory, but instantly quelled it. He knew there was much work to be done … This was just the beginning. There was a more important task at hand now, on this road towards their goal.

Slowly rising to his feet, Zardin pocketed the mineral detector, turned and strode back deeper down the cave, where the others awaited. 

It was time to move to their next task.

Time to raise the madness to a whole new level. 


6




Ion dismounted the hover bike and gazed about the scenery before him. Sprawling before him was a mountainous terrain. There were faint markings of people living here, and he thought he saw huts erected at the top of a few of the mountains and by the slopes. He knew that these people, the mountain dwellers, would be of a primitive, tribal type. Nothing to worry of. It was the advanced, city dwelling type that needed worrying, for they were the ones that were more likely to spot a mystic and turn him into the Naxim. 

Like the blasted village headman. He cursed under his breath.  

If he hadn’t managed to get hold of the bike, along with the stolen power drive, Ion might have taken an entire day to reach this planet from Sacrogon. The bike and the stolen power drive made his job of getting to this planet far easier. And far quicker: the space jump from Sacrogon to here took a mere twenty seconds. 

Space travel took place at such high speeds that it literally was a jump across millions of miles, and hence the term. The voyage between two planets in the same cluster took mere minutes and, in shorter cases such as these, mere seconds. But the distance between two star clusters was so tremendous that the voyage was took upto hours. The space gates, the portals connecting the star clusters, took care of that problem. As a combined result, travelling anywhere within the inner spectrum took mere minutes. But the outer spectrum, however, which was too far away, was a completely different story. 

A faint haze capped the top of some of the tallest of the mountains, which seemed to rise to more than a mile above the ground. The terrain was rugged, interspersed with feeble greenery in the form of grass and bushes. 

Parking the hover bike by the side of a tree, Ion sank to a squatted position beneath the tree, letting his breath calm down. It took a while before he realised how weary he had been made by the past few days. 

He had had little sleep in the past two days. And, he remembered with a squirming in his stomach, the feeble sleep he had scraped in the cruiser had been disturbed by a regular visitor … the regular, unwelcome visitor to his dreams, whom he had been carrying for years now. 

The man with the glowing red eyes… 

“You can’t outrun me, Ion … I am a part of you.”

A shiver raced through him as he remembered that creature from his dreams. That creature who resided in the darkest depths of his memory … the darkest depths of his past. His was a past which he wished he could score off. As much as he knew he couldn’t. That lunatic whom he saw in his dreams was a part of him, a blot on his memory that he knew he would never erase. 

Ion slid his back over the back of the tree trunk and thrust his hand into the other pocket of his robe. His fingers brushed over a hard parchment surface. He grabbed the sheet of parchment that lay stuffed inside his pocket, drew it out, and slowly unrolled it. 

And there, staring out of the poster with his glowing red eyes was the man. His face was printed over most of the sheet. But beneath the face, in small letters, lay the words:


Most wanted criminal

Charge 54

Wanted for a series of murders, assassinations, and unprovoked armed assaults on various individuals. 

IF SPOTTED CALL 323 – 938 – 748 – 320 IMMEDIATELY. 

THE CULPRIT IS A DANGEROUS CRIMINAL, AND MUST BE KEPT AWAY 
FROM IF SPOTTED ANYWHERE, AT ANY COSTS.

Issued by the interstate crime department, 42972


Series of murders… 

The lunatic stared out of the poster with his horrible red eyes. The crease of an evil smile lay tilted over his face. His black hair was wild and unkempt. The twisted look of his face suddenly seemed to breathe life to his features…

Ion felt a visceral surge of fury and hatred like nothing else his entire life. 

He bore enmities from his past. Grando. Vonayz. Plenty others … But none of them matched the rage he felt at the sight of that face in the poster. That face which he had dreaded and hated for so long. Which had haunted him for so long … and which always would. 

As the heavy feeling passed, he felt his mind drift to a far more peaceful region of memories … memories of his master, Jedius. 

The past is dead, only if you let it be. Jedius’s words echoed at the back of his head, seeming to carry across a wide chasm. Do not dwell on it and keep it alive, Ion. Give yourself the opportunity to move to a better present, and to craft it into a better future.

With one final glance at the dreadful poster, Ion crumpled it and stuffed it back into his pocket. He let his back slide over the thick tree trunk behind him, and gazed up at the stars above. The night’s blissful aura subdued the grief and regret that had just re awakened within him. He lay slumped against the tree, staring at the beauty of the scenery around him, able to lose himself at last. 


Two years ago


Ion was falling. A giant, fifty meter fall. He felt himself twist about in mid air to catch view of the cliff above him, shrinking in his vision as he plummeted. The cliff he had fallen from…

He spun about in mid air, whizzing like an arrow towards the ground. His fall rapidly gained speed and momentum. His heart seemed to have jammed in his chest, and the sensation of wildly accelerating freefall hollowed his insides out.

He saw the rough brown ground zoom upwards, waiting to engulf him.  

And then … a sickening, loud crash that echoed across the place. 

The impact of the fall, that left a web of cracks over the ground, would have killed anyone else on the spot. But Ion withstood it without dying for the fact that he was a mystic … unfortunately. 

He would have screamed, if not for the fact that all breath had been scoured from his lungs, and he gasped in helpless, slight hisses to re gather it. The fall had definitely broken a fraction of the non vital bones in his body. 

It was pain beyond pain. Excruciating. It seemed to split him from head to toe. 

He would lie here, helpless, in the middle of a deserted, uninhabited region and watch himself die slowly and painfully … He could feel the life slipping from his veins. But he knew that he would endure an hour or so before he would finally die … and every second that passed seemed to last for a century. 

Ion was facing hell itself. 

All sensations had ceased, except for the mindless, throbbing pain all over. Ion couldn’t move. Couldn’t twitch a nerve. He couldn’t blink without leaving his eyes streaming…

He was all alone in this lifeless region, with no one to even cling his hopes to … He had never imagined that this would be his way of exiting… 

He felt himself drift … floating between consciousness and unconsciousness. It sharpened the pain cracking open his body ten fold. And Ion yearned for it to stop.  The world seemed to flicker on and off, and lights popped up over the back of his closed eyelids. 

And suddenly, the swishing of cloaks shrouded what remained of his vision. He thought he was surrounded by someone … or some people. And before he knew it, as his consciousness slipped, he was being hoisted upwards painfully. And he was then gliding … flying … or was he dreaming? The sensation of leaving the ground and gathering speed…

And before he knew it, he was on a soft, mattress like surface. And the world seemed had fallen to a blissful tranquility. And it almost felt like the pain had uncoiled from his limbs … the agony had melted away, sparing him. Silence, peaceful and serene, enveloped all. And he felt as though all dreams had come true in the silence. But where was he? Was he even alive? 

And a voice slit the silence from above him. 

“Son, can you hear me?” 

Ion’s eyelids fluttered open. But he immediately closed them to shield from a blast of light from in front. But in that split second he had opened them, he had seen a figure, a man in a black cloak, standing in front of him. 

His eyes still closed, he groaned, “Where am I?”

“It doesn’t matter where you are.” came the voice of the man in front. “What matters is that you’re alive. And your body is intact again.”

A jolt passed Ion as he heard it. As if on cue, the sensation of his bodily control returned full and new to him. He realised that his limbs were moving perfectly. Completely tended. He opened his eyes again: this time the bright sunlight streaming in through the window opposite to him was bearable.

He was lying on a straw cot, in the middle of a small hut. He sat straight and looked at the man in front of him. He was a tall, thin man dressed in a black cloak. His sharp Elfling eyes were of a rich green colour, and his long black hair fell over his shoulder behind him.

“My name is Jedius,” the man said. “You’re lucky to be healed from that nasty fall you’ve had.”

__________


The planet they were in was Vanodar, located somewhere at the beginning of the outer spectrum. It was a rich rainforest planet, covered in brimming greenery. The hut Jedius lived in was built somewhere in the middle of the dense forest. 

Awe welled within Ion as he looked at the figure opposite to his cot, sitting deep in meditation. They had met almost two days back, but Ion still couldn’t get over the sheer wonder he felt when he gazed at the man who had saved his life. Jedius was a mystic, and Ion knew he was a very, very powerful one at that: he had healed almost all the broken bones in Ion’s body, bringing it back to a functional state. But even his advanced healing powers couldn’t bring Ion to a full recovery. He needed a few days’ rest to be nursed back to health. And Jedius insisted that he stayed with him until he was. 

After viewing the man’s simple, hermit like lifestyle for two days, Ion was both stunned and deeply impressed. His sheathed sword lay by the side of where he sat opposite on the hut. Like all mystic swords, it was long, thin. But it had a fine curved blade that was longer than Ion’s, with a slightly larger hilt.

Ion was sitting idly on the cot. And next to him, taken from his pocket … was a poster. 

Ion had never thought that something could invoke such fury in him his entire life. The lunatic killer stared out of the poster with his glowing red eyes and his horrible features. A rage of emotions churned within Ion as his eyes fell on the poster. Anger. Grief. Guilt…

Warding it all off, Ion turned and looked at the man sitting with his legs folded opposite to him, as still as stone in meditation. After coming around two days ago, Ion had told Jedius everything. The man had saved his life, and he had a right to know. Ion told him how the criminal in the poster was responsible for what had happened to him. How he was the reason Ion was now sitting in this hut with a load of half healed bones. He told him everything about that killer, and how Ion’s life had changed because of him. 

Jedius had shown Ion nothing but sympathy, and had given him courage to face the demons of his past, and to destroy them. 

Stuffing the poster back into his pocket, Ion sat back against the wall behind him, looking out the window. Streaks of boiling red coloured the morning sky. The dawn exacted a glowing radiance to the forest outside, and the effect filled the inside of the hut as well. An aura of deep calm had settled around Jedius, as he sat meditating for almost an hour now. 

Feeling slightly bored, Ion hopped off the bed and walked towards the door by the right. 

“The first thing you need to learn when controlling your mystic powers…” 

Ion whipped around: Jedius had awoken from his meditation out of the sudden, and was now looking at him with a serene smile.

“… is patience.”

Ion cocked an eyebrow. “Patience?”

“Indeed, patience.” Jedius strode upto Ion’s side, his eyes surveying the forest outside the hut. “Because you need to understand and accept that all things will not fall in place the way you want them to in life. And with that acceptance, you will find peace.” He turned and fixed his powerful eyes on Ion. “The courage to face pain is, in the end, the source of all power.”

you will find all powers. Rebelling against what happens in life and trying to overthrow things that cannot be changed will only weaken you from within.”

“What does this have to do with me?” asked Ion, in a rougher tone than he had intended.

Jedius laughed softly, shaking his head. “Everything.” He looked at Ion, his expression softening. “What you told me two days ago … I do not presume to understand what you had faced. But I have faced life too, Ion.” Jedius’s tone turned darker. “The man responsible for what happened to you, the one in that poster … He is a figment of the ever enduring evil that lives in our world. We have all faced it … the dark side of life. And we will continue to. Never tire from the demons of this world. Because to face it is what we are here for. “

Ion felt his insides clench in anger, as he remembered everything. Everything he had tried to forget. He tried to look away from the man’s tranquil eyes, but he realised that Jedius’s gaze was a little too understanding… 

He patted Ion on the back and cocked his head, “Let’s go for a walk.”

__________


They strolled down the dense wilderness, with Ion drinking in the beauty of the greenery around. Scenic and mesmerizing. Of all the planets he’d been to, he had to admit that this was the singularly finest … and the most entrancing of them all. The fragrance of the jungle caught within his lungs as he breathed in slow, rhythmic inhalations. Something within him seemed aligned with the natural beauty around him. Jedius trotted along his right with his hands held behind. The calm glow was still on his face. Ion walked on in equal silence, letting his gaze wander over around them. 

Jedius stopped for the first time and turned to Ion. “Can I ask a favour of you, Ion?”

Ion faced him, feeling slightly curious. “Of course.”

Jedius bent down and plucked a blade of grass from where they were standing, and held it out in his outstretched palm. “Can you explain this?”

A flame sparked to life over his palm, devouring the grass blade in seconds, and leaving a trail of charred remains.

Ion held his sparkling green eyes for a long moment, wondering what this had to do with anything.
“You used your mystical powers.” he answered finally. 

“No, Ion.” Jedius shook his head. “You know what I mean. Can you scientically explain it?”

“Scientifically?” Ion had never heard such a question related to him before. He stared. 

“Let me re-phrase,” said Jedius. “Where do our powers, these mystical powers that we have … where do they come from?”

“Does it matter?”

“I would say it matters more than anything.” Jedius clenched his fist with the charred remains of the blade. “Tell me, Ion. How did you find your powers?”

Ion frowned, contemplating the question for a moment. His thoughts flashed back to when he was younger. When he had treaded upon these unseen powers. At a very early age itself, Ion felt almost as though there was a certain, strange sensation that came with his every thought … a strange power. Waiting to be tapped into. He had the feeling as though his mind, his being itself, contained a reservoir hidden within, waiting to be channeled into the outer world. And when he did manage to, when he did manage to direct and channel this potency within him, strange things, very strange things, unleashed themselves through him: he could make things move without touching them. He could move quicker than any normal child his age. And he came to accomplish feats of strength even greater than adults could. 

But why? And how?

For some reason, the two questions had always eluded him. He simply did these things. Something from inside of him seemed to flow out, to make these supernatural feats occur. But why and how … he never found out. He knew he was different. He was not like the rest. But the reason was one he had accepted to be beyond his reach.

He looked up at Jedius. “I don’t know, and I never bothered finding out. So where do these powers that we have come from? Where did I find them?”

“You found them the very same way we all did,” answered Jedius. “You found them within. And that is also the reason it’s the hardest to find. Because only a few gifted ones among men can actually know the treasure within.” He turned and walked slowly down the green expanse, surrounded by a canopy of wild trees. “Let me now complete your vision of the mystic mind.”

He took a quick breath and went on. 

“The secret to our powers is simple, Ion. Our thoughts bear energy. And we can accomplish feats by releasing the energy borne in our thoughts into the outer world. And for this, the trick is the same as for all feats: concentration. Focus. Thoughts, like rays of sunlight, can unleash blazes if focused. They are pure rays of light, and the ones who can focus them can use them to do anything … because they’re infinite. Our mind is infinite in its potential. All we need to harness the potential is believe in it, and place ourselves to focus.”

He reached for the sword slung behind him and slid the blade off the sheath. 

Ion watched as he held it out before him. A crisp, orange flare emitted from the silver of the blade, and then it was shining in bright orange. Wisps of a steam-ish vapour escaped from the blade into the air around it. It was a sight Ion had seen every day for almost his entire life now: a sight he had seen with his own blade. 

Jedius twirled the ignited sword around gracefully. “Do you know what the difference is between this sword, and all others? Between the sword of a mystic and other normal ones?”

Ion shook his head. “What is it?”

Jedius doused the blade and lowering it before Ion. It was the very same build as all mystics’ swords: long and thin, resembling the blade of grass he had just plucked. Unlike Ion’s sword, which was a straight edged, Jedius’s was a curved blade at the front, giving it a more elegant, artistic pose. 

“There is a gross and a subtle difference.” he explained, keeping the blade held before Ion. “The gross one is this: the material making a mystic’s sword is -”

“Kostron.” finished Ion, who had heard this from the person who had gotten him his sword. “It’s the most exquisite, and most deadly substance in existence, and is also as hard to find.”

Jedius lowered the sword with a nod. “Indeed.” He held it up, letting his eyes run over the long, slender weapon from its blade to the bottom of is hilt. “The entire sword, including the hilt, is imbibed with Kostron, which makes it next to indestructible. The sword does not erode, tarnish, wear, or fall to the normal afflictions of the mortal world … because it’s beyond mortal. It’s imbibed, in every cell, with a substance known only to mystics. And the mystic sword is the single most powerful, and most primally dangerous weapon there is, and ever will be. Contrary to non mystics’ ignorance, to whom Sparklers and guns are seen as more efficient, the weapon of true power is the one that appears harder to wield.” 

Ion surveyed the shining grandeur of the Elfling’s sword. It was majestic, seeming to hold a silent, ancient depth within it. The shining blade reflected Jedius’s green eyes as he gazed down upon it, holding it slightly tilted to face Ion. 

“The sword,” he went on, looking up at Ion. “is not crafted by hand, or by any instrument known for crafting ordinary weapons. As I said, the mystic’s sword is the most powerful weapon. And it’s method of making is also the most unique one in existence. It is made only by mystics, but not by hand … but by mind. A mystic moulds his sword using the powers lying in his own mind. His mystical powers flow into the sword to craft it. And that is the very core of the connection between the mystic and the sword. When the mystic crafts the sword, he forges a bond between the sword, a bond that connects his mystical powers with the sword. And this connection is between mind and metal. When danger arises, the mystic sets his sword’s blade ablaze in a single thought.”

Ion nodded, experiencing it for himself: the blade of the sword shared a connection with him beyond anything he’d known. The sword’s blade responded to his mind at the most feeble touch, igniting at the flick of a command when he needed it to, and dousing itself just as swiftly. When danger arose and he needed it to, the blade of the sword would light itself up at the brush of his will. The blade seemed to reflect the state of his mind… 

It was a mirror of the sword of his own mind. Connection between mind and metal… 

“Yes.” he agreed. 

“And when ignited,” said Jedius, looking at his sword. “The blade of the mystic has the capacity to almost cut through anything. With the greatest of ease. The blazing sword has the ability to slice right through even the toughest of iron as easily as it would butter.”

He smiled at Ion as he slid the sword back into his sheath. “The reason I tell you all of this, is because to delve deeper into this art, this gift we’ve been given, we need to fully understand it. Every bit of it. Only then can we begin to unleash all that it has to offer to us.”

Ion looked past the canopy of trees, at the radiant lights shimmering atop the horizon.

“So…” he said finally, looking at Jedius. “you mean to say that we’re not actually different? Us, mystics?”

Jedius shook his head. “Not at all. We’re all gifted with the same power: the mind. But some of us merely learn to utilise it to its fullest extent, and others don’t. Mystics are men, but not ordinary men. They climb to a level of mind power that is meant to be obtained only at the peak of a man’s elevation. In other words, we have tapped into a hidden store of powers that slumbers in the rest of men, unused. We are simply more aware of our own inner powers than they are.”

“So you’re saying everyone’s got these powers?” asked Ion. “mystical powers … or powers of mind, as you say?”

“Yes, but not everyone is able to find them.” Jedius gazed into the horizon as he spoke. “The mind is a very powerful instrument if used well. But using it well is the part that eludes most of mankind. The very, very rare segment that manages to do so-”

“-is condemned and hunted down by the rest of them.” finished Ion angrily.  

Jedius laughed. He shook his head at Ion and said, “Do not focus on the negative. Guide your focus away from negativity always, Ion. Keep your focus on the store of infinite positivity lying within, Keep your mind’s eye on the trove of unbound wonders inside… and you shall bring about wonders outside of you as well.”

Silence fell between them shortly, while Jedius continued to gaze into the horizon. After a while, he suddenly said, “They have ever been in conflict.”

“Who?” asked Ion.

“The two of them. The two titanic forces that control our world, and define it.” Jedius slowly turned and looked at Ion. “Mankind is only a small figment of a whole larger picture, a picture that eludes the capture of most normal people. They cannot truly see it. That our world has been subjugated to the will of the two forces. Everything in this realm is shaped by the balance struck by the two of them … They are the two sides of the coin that forms our universe. Positive and negative. Light and dark. Night and day.” He paused and shook his head. “But we mystics understand that they are not just dull, inanimate forces. They are living things. Beings that exist and breathe. And their life forces flows through us in our every thought. We call them as Elderon and Mezmeron. Or, in simpler terms … Harmony and Anarchy. And together, they divide our entire world, and sustain it. Everything belongs to one of them, one of the two supreme beings … including men themselves.”

Elderon and Mezmeron … Harmony and Anarchy. Ion listened to him closely, feeling as though he was being drawn into a whole new realm. 

Jedius sighed, and Ion sensed something heavy within those tranquil green eyes.

“Eight millennia ago, before the tides of time turned harsh and unyielding, our world had been sealed in an age of peace. An age like no other.” He slowly raised his hands and blew the ashes of the blade of grass, letting them scatter in air around and drift to the ground pleasantly. “As it was called … the age of Elderon. An ancient, noble empire stood watch over our spectrum, preserving the peace and justice, and harnessing it. It was known as the empire of Sirengard.

“An ancient empire forged by the ideals of justice and harmony, Sirengard was supported by an order of mystics who had come together to devote their lives to the good of the world. They were known as the brotherhood of Nyon. And among their ranks were the most powerful of mystic minds. Together, the Nyon and the empire carved a haven out of the spectrum, allowing peace and prosperity to flow.”

He paused for a second, his gaze drifting to the horizon again. When he slowly turned back to Ion and went on, there was a sombre heaviness in his voice. “Elderon and Mezmeron. Good and evil … The two forces have their claim on all of us, Ion. Even mystics. Even among us, there are those that side with the light. And those … that side with the dark. 

“Eight thousand years ago, when the empire reached the height of its prosperity, and when the Nyon were at the height of their power … a rival group of mystics arose to oppose them. A rival group of satanic mystics, who opposed everything the empire stood for. They called themselves the Order of Xeni, and they were led by a madman whose name survives upto this day. Redgarn. 

“Together, Redgarn and the Xeni waged war against the rule of Sirengard. A war they fought with the aid of greatly dark forces: Using his knowledge of the dark side of mystic arts, Redgarn could draw powers from the force of Mezmeron himself. And with it, with the force of Mezmeron, he had created an army … an army of twisted, horrific evil. And with the help of this evil army, the Xeni thwarted the noble rule of Sirengard and seized control over the entire spectrum. Enslaving all in it.

“The Xeni had failed to completely erase the goodness of the empire Sirengard: a fragment of the age of Elderon survived. The brotherhood of Nyon. The Nyon worked in the shadows, waging a war against the evil empire, and trying to free the world again. With the fall of Sirengard, the Nyon worked in complete secrecy. As the Xeni mustered the power of Mezmeron to weave their evil army, the Nyon called upon the aid of Elderon to form theirs … And though they eventually overthrew Redgarn and the Xeni, their role in doing so wasn’t known to the rest of the spectrum. Though they freed the world from the Xeni, it was no victory to be rejoiced in: the spectrum was left torn and in devastation after the reign of the evil Xeni. And the people had grown to harbour a deep seated hatred against the ones who had exerted this pain to them: mystics. The states of the spectrum together decided to hunt down all mystics to ensure that such tyranny never happened again. And the spectrum’s fury, over the greatest loss the world had sustained … endures upto this day.”

His words ended in a slightly mournful silence.

“And what about the brotherhood of Nyon?” asked Ion.

Jedius drew his gaze off the horizon, and shrugged his shoulders. “No one heard of them since. But it is unlikely that they survived the onslaught that the Naxim purged the spectrum with after Redgarn’s fall, aiming to hunt down and destroy all mystics.”

Silence fell between them shortly, as Jedius stood there, his cloak rippling in the feeble blow of the wind.

Jedius drew his sword and let his eyes run the length of the blade.

“We are not here without purpose, Ion. Everything in this world is created by purpose. Everything is shaped by purpose, defined by purpose. Our existence is no accident. There are no accidents in our world. Everything comes with a reason. And all suffering too comes only with a reason.” He lowered the sword and brought his startlingly green eyes over Ion again. “It is suffering that takes us closer to our purpose. We bear with the pain and the suffering to do what we must. To fulfill our purpose … and when we do,” His cloak billowing in the wind, he turned and looked up at the sky “we return to our source.”

“Our source?”

Still gazing up at the cloudy skies, Jedius slowly nodded.

“When you gaze upon the majesty of our world,” he asked softly. “what do you see, Ion?” 

He spread his hands, gesturing to the greenery around him.

“When you witness the flawlessness in creation, from the precision of the sunrise and sunset, to the force that holds every planet in its place, to the countless forces of wonders that keep this universe together, what do you see?”

Ion shrugged. 

Jedius smiled, his brilliant green eyes sparkling. “I see perfection. I see Precision. I see alignment. I see harmony.” 

He drew his gaze above, looking upto the heavens. “And it is in the end this great cosmic harmony that has created everything.” he said softly. “Harmony is the reason we are here, Ion. Harmony is our creator, our purpose and our destiny … That is what we are. And when we realise it, when we accept it, and when we go on to fulfill life’s purpose for us,” He slowly lowered his gaze over Ion. “we merge with the overruling power of harmony.”

Ion gazed across the forest at the horizon. He hardly noticed the note of peace that had found him as he listened… 

“When a mystic fulfills his duty here,” said Jedius. “he sheds this bodily existence,and his consciousness merges with the supreme consciousness.” He gave a gentle sigh. “But until then, we will bear with this world, bear with whatever we must face in our journey through this world … and do what we are meant to do.”

He slowly sheathed the sword again, and looked at Ion with a strange look in his green eyes. 

“After hearing of the tale you told me,” he said. “I’m led to conclude that … you’re now alone?”

Ion felt his mind flash back to the event a few days ago. The fateful event. And his insides seemed to squeeze painfully. Alone…

He forced the word out: “Yes.”

Blinking back tears of grief and fury, he looked up, and saw that Jedius was gazing at him with a gentleness in the endless depths of his eyes. He nodded slowly and said, “Not anymore.”

Ion raised an eyebrow.

“You have suffered much, Ion.” said Jedius. “But put the past aside, and arm yourselves for events of the future. You have mystic powers, but I can teach you, guide you to use them better … and in a way that will help our world.”

Ion felt like he was hearing the words from the end of a long corridor. He let his jaw hang briefly, before slowly saying, “You’re saying … that you wanna accept me … as a disciple?”

Jedius’s smile seemed to radiate warmth right through Ion’s bones, dispelling the chill and the numb feeling he had been carrying in them for days now. 

“I’m … overwhelmed.” he managed, shaking his head. “But why?”

“Because you remind me of a person I knew once,” said Jedius, giving a silent sigh. “A person whom I had lost … Me. And I intend to regain the side of me that I lost, through you. I failed to help this world, Ion. Failed to put my powers to the noble use I could have. But I see now, that I have a chance at redemption. And it is you. I will teach you all I know in the hope that, through my teachings, you help our world. The way I would have, if I had another chance at life.”

Ion was temporarily speechless. After a long moment, he gave a nod. 

“I promise me will.” he said softly. “Because you just saved my life two days back.” And you’re doing it again right now.


The present


Two years… 

But it felt like a mere flash ago, when he had been learning deeper about his mystic powers with Jedius. The man who had made all the difference to his life. Ion fought back a well of emotion, steadying himself. 

With Ion’s powers already developed, his training with Jedius had to last only for a short span. Less than a few months ago, they had parted, with Jedius having concluded his teachings. Having imparted all the knowledge had carried to his new student … and blessing him to use it for a noble means. And so, Ion had gone out to amend the evils of the world, and had taken up his primary target to bring down. Grando. An enemy whom he owed greatly. And today, he had payed him back in kind, and had erased his evil existence out of the world for good. 

As Ion sat back and floated back to the memories of his master, he felt a pang of grief. Parting with Jedius had not been easy. Jedius had been a light like no other, and he had helped him in the darkest period of his life. And his presence had been a beacon to Ion’s mind, warding off the demons of the dark, which had preyed on him long and hard. And now, with his master gone, Ion almost felt weakened. Diminished. Vulnerable. Jedius’s presence was a great strength to him, and he wished he had that strength with him always… 

He lay back against the tree trunk, staring up at the stars. Letting the heavy emotions pass. And as they did, he felt himself drift off … drowsiness overcome him. And before he knew it, he was asleep. 

For the first time in so long, Ion re experienced true peace in his sleep. For the first time in so long, Ion re experienced the beauty of his sleep. 

A dream… 

He had had this dream before, and every tine he did, he wished he could seal himself in it … and live within it forever. 

Pain and distortion like nothing else. And then, as clarity fell, the searing pain all over slowly subsided. And he saw, through his blurred vision, hovering over him … an angel.

“I’ve healed most of your wounds,” she said, gazing down at him as he lay with half his body aching and searing. 

It was just as blissful as it had been that day, when the dream had actually been reality. 

When Ion woke a few hours later, he found that the world he was in was suddenly a fleetingly brighter place…


7




The twelve men seated around the room all wore sagging, grim expressions. At the centre of the room lay a large circular table with a prominent emblem engraved over it. 

Mantra stood at the front, opposite to the semi circular arrangement of seats. His back turned to the twelve others, he gazed out the window in front of him. A lush greenery spread outside, with a dense canopy of trees lined against the horizon. The sun rested right over the line of trees, the sky around it painted with a faint pink haze. The evening sky bore a faint reddish hue, streaked with occasional gaggles of birds that came flying across.

Mantra had his arms folded behind his back, his brow angled in a mild frown. 
The rest of the twelve men sitting around looked at him with the same intensity mirrored in all their faces. Finally, an Iveling with tidy maroon hair rose from his seat, and broke the silence. 

“I’m sorry for asking this,” said Galinor. “But before we do anything … are you certain of this?”

Mantra looked at Galinor and slowly shook his head.

“No. I am absolutely certain.” he said. The air in the room seemed to constrict upon them all as he said it. “There is no doubt about it. I know what I sensed. But now is not the time for fear or wallowing. Now is the time for action, gentlemen. It’s now or never. The brotherhood of Nyon needs to act. We need to act immediately.”

“But how can you be so sure, master?” inquired a middle aged Elfling sitting by the corner of the ring. “Forgive me, you are old and wise, and our brotherhood has great respect for you. You have a revered ability to sense the shifting currents of energy in the spectrum. But does that form your sole basis for what you’re now proclaiming? Are you merely sensing this, or do you have something solid to support what you’re now saying?”

Mantra allowed the man a hollow smile. 

“It gives me more pain than you would know when I say this,” he said softly. “But I do have something solid. Proof to base what I’m now saying.”

The masters looked around, fear rising in their eyes. They were all afraid of what was about to come next.  The elder council, the entity governing the brotherhood of Nyon, was shaken for the first time in eight thousand years. 

Mantra put his hands behind his back and turned slowly to look at the men seated before him. 

“It had just broken through in the news: just less than a day ago, there had been a terrorist attack in the planet Cransof. An attack that left the King and his council dead … an attack confirmed to have the involvement of mystics.”

A tense silence gripped the room as he finished. Nobody moved, nobody shifted, and Mantra knew that some of the masters had abruptly stopped breathing too.

“And the attack co incides with the turmoil raging within me.” went on Mantra, his calm voice betraying little of the anxiety rushing through him now. “It is a mirror of the agitation within me, and I know what that agitation means … what it conveys.” He stopped for a sigh. “It is incontrovertible, my fellow Nyon. Undeniable. This is truly our worst fear realised. It is the return of our ancient enemies … the Order of Xeni. They are rising again. The attack on Cransof was no doubt conducted by them.”

Some of the masters exchanged fleeting glances and quickly turned back to Mantra. Their faces were all silent translations of the same panic and dread.

“Like I said,” Mantra’s voice sounded amplified through the stiff silence. “we need to act now.”

His words made their effect, and a sharp urgency replaced the tension in the room. And then a Brownling with golden hair, seated right opposite to where Mantra stood, rose and addressed the elder council. 

“But your plan,” Dantox said, heaving a deep breath so his brown fur rippled. “Your plan is impossible. You know the Naxim has all of us in their hitlist. We were lucky to evade the raid they placed a few years ago, but not that lucky: they’ve marked us as their priorities, and the new device they’ve just come up with –”

“New device?” cut in Galinor, turning to Dantox as he asked it.

“It’s a mystical energy detector.” said Dantox, his voice grave.

Galinor’s eyes widened. “What? A mystical –”

“That’s right.” Dantox nodded. “It’s a device that has the ability to sense mystics through their energy fields.”

Some of the masters gave soft gasps, while others let their jaws land. Mantra could sense the spark of fear that had kindled inside them now. He couldn’t blame them. Things were gravely bad enough for them already with the Naxim’s hunt for them, without this brand new innovation.

Dantox turned back to Mantra. “The mystical energy detector would have been specially ordered only for us, Mantra. The Naxim’s been trying to get all of us for long now. And entering the inner spectrum could well be the last thing we would do.”

Mantra gave himself the space of a moment to heave a deep, long breath. “Now there’s the part that I didn’t fully explain yet. It won’t be us going into the inner spectrum for this task.”

As his words made their effect, a shock welled through the silence.

Galinor had his mouth slightly ajar, looking at Mantra with a look of disbelief. The rest of the masters had sat up straighter, and exchanged the same looks of surprise. That quickly turned to disapproval. 

“Are you implying,” said Dantox slowly, looking to build the words carefully before speaking them. “That we’re going to send them? For a task like this?”

“I was more than just implying it.”

Galinor shook his head, the disapproval now clear in his voice. “Mantra, we can’t send them for something like this.”

“They are not what you perceive them to be, Galinor.” said Mantra. “They are skilled and able, and they are definitely capable of this. I believe so. And even if I didn’t … we are not left with too much of a choice.”

The discussion was now centering around two of their Nyon’s students. The only two students. The brotherhood had come to a steady decline for millennia, since they had sealed themselves in hiding. These two new young initiates themselves were a hard fetched find, which had found them years ago. It was even surprising that the brotherhood had endured this long, after the fall of Sirengard and the Naxim’s iron hard anti mystic reign. 

“The Naxim has all of us in their key list.” went on Mantra. “They have our faces, our details…” He looked at Dantox. “And now, with this new mystical energy detector, they would have our mystical aura as well. There definitely is no chance that we would survive a trip this deep into the inner spectrum. Especially this planet. Radioc is the planet that tops the Naxim’s priority list. It’s tightly rigged with anti mystic security. This is the single most dangerous planet for a normal mystic to enter, let alone a Nyon marked in their priority list. We cannot dare tread into that planet for this task. But the two students … they were not present with our brotherehood when the Naxim’s raid happened to us a few years ago. And so, the Naxim’s got not a clue about them or even their existence. They’re completely off the grid of the Naxim. They can enter the planet without setting off all of the Naxim’s alerts. They are our only chance of getting this task done. And we need to face it, as much as it pains all of us.”

One of the masters spoke without standing: “Mantra, you are referring to the only two students our brotherhood now has. They are young and inexperienced. We can’t send them for a task like this. Because firstly because there’s very little chance they would succeed and fetch us what we want. And secondly and more importantly, because we cannot afford to lose them.”

“We will show them exactly what they’re up against,” clarified Mantra. “And obviously we will not send them against their will.”

“Those two are not going to decline a chance at something like this,” said Galinor, shaking his head. “You well know that, you know them!”

“And that’s exactly why I’m asking you to give them this chance.” said Mantra, carrying his gaze around the room. “Because I believe they will fetch us victory in this task however bad the odds may be against them. We need to have faith.”

“Our worries are not only for the victory of the task.” said Dantox. “Our worries also centre around the fate that befalls our two students. We can’t rest knowing that we had sent two inexperienced members of our brotherhood for a task beyond their capability and had them killed because of it!”

“I do not expect you to rest,” said Mantra, his tone grave. “as neither will I. This is definitely a gamble. And the two lives here will definitely be placed at risk. I don’t dare expect any of us to take pleasure in placing our two young students on the line for this.” His voice softened, but a new steel rang through it. “But we have to. And you all well know why. Because we don’t have a choice. This is a risk we must take, for the greater good. The good of our entire world!”


The masters sank back to silence, all of them looking deeply thoughtful. Dantox slipped back to his seat, his hands on either side of his face as he contemplated the situation. Galinor continued to stand there, looking out the window behind Mantra. 

After a while, Galinor looked at Mantra and said, “Fine, maybe this is the only way. But if they fail…”

“Then they will go to their graves with the knowledge that they stood up for a greater cause and that,” Mantra gave a nod. “is something that we should rejoice for, in their part.” 

Before the other masters remonstrated, he went on: “But as for me … If they fail and die trying, I will take responsibility for it, and the guilt as well. For their lives.” He looked about the masters. 

Finally, through a thought absorbed silence, one of the masters stood spoke. “Very well … I agree that this must be done. As grievous as it sounds.”

He looked about the room. The rest of the masters nodded slowly, one by one. 

“Then do I have all of your backing on this?” asked Mantra. 

The rest of the elder council nodded as one. 

Mantra smiled, looking at Galinor. “It’s done then. Bring the two of them.”

__________


Vestra and Qyro wore looks of hardened resolve the whole while, as the plan was being explained to them. They were both standing attentively, their youthly fervour showing in their postures. 

Qyro had his arms folded in front of him, his bronze hair shabby and unkempt as usual. The light from the dying sun, from the opposite window, cast a livened touch on his red fur.

Vestra was standing beside him, her hands behind her back. Her waist length black hair was tied in a ponytail. Her skin was coloured light brown, and there were no special features demarking the unknown species she belonged to. 

“The village that you need to enter,” Galinor was explaining, while he stood with his hands on the table with the Nyon emblem on it. “has been overrun and taken over by a bunch of rebels. Now, these are terrorists controlling the village. They will have a close watch on it, and ensure that no outsiders get anywhere within it. But the leader of the rebel is a man known as Razvol. He stays inside the village all the time, and you will have to find him.”

“Find him?” Qyro asked slowly. “So we don’t know where he is, in the village?”

The masters looked about each other uncertainly. They were clearly still unconvinced about sending the two students for a mission this difficult…

Mantra shook his head. “No, we have no information of our target, Razvol, other than the fact that he stays in this village. And that he’s the leader of the rebel organisation. That’s all we know.”

“Don’t worry, master,” Vestra assured. “We’ll handle it when we get there.”

Mantra couldn’t help feeling proud at the resolve they displayed.

“Yes, I believe you will.” he went on. “So your target, Razvol, is currently in possession of a certain object. This object is the reason you’re now going on this mission. You need to find this object, and procure it from him.”

Mantra beckoned to one of the masters, who rose and came forward with a z-com in his hands. He placed the z-com on the table with the Nyon emblem, and pressed a button on it. A holographic screen came to life above the device, holding the image of a small, thin object. It was made of crystal, and resembled nothing more than a splinter of glass. 

The two students stared at the object in the screen for a long, quiet second.

Qyro slowly shifted his gaze to Mantra, looking perplexed. “You’re sending us halfway into the inner spectrum, to the most dangerous planet possible … to get hold of a toothpick?” 

Mantra looked at him for a second. 

“This object,” He gestured to the crystal piece on the screen. “has to be acquired at all costs. The fate of our entire spectrum hangs over it.”

The effect of his words left the air in the room to tighten.

“But what in the world is it?” asked Qyro. 

“And how can it be so important when it’s the size of a blade of grass?” asked Vestra, staring at the screen.

“I will explain everything to it when you return,” said Mantra plainly. 

“We’d like to go to this task with the knowledge of what we’re going after.” said Vestra.

“That knowledge will only terrify you.” said Mantra.

Qyro and Vestra exchanged intrigued looks. 

“Well, if you’re terrified, then we guess it really is important.” said Qyro.

Galinor stepped forward. “Qyro, Vestra, listen. Make no mistake, this is a very dangerous mission. We aren’t going to hide the truth from you. If you you choose to accept it, it will indeed be a risk. For all of us.”

“If you don’t feel confident about it, we don’t expect you to attempt it.” said Dantox. He looked at the object in the screen and heaved a quiet breath. “The fact is that we are left with little choice. The danger involved is paramount.”

“Dangerous mission are my favourite type.” said Qyro. 

“Don’t worry about us, Masters.” Vestra said in a bold tone. “This is done.” She looked at the crystal in the screen. “We’ll acquire this thing and have it brought back.”

The masters in the room seemed significantly relieved at the attitude the two of them reflected. Some of them seemed to exhale silently, as though having held their breaths for a long time. 

“Very well, then.” said Dantox, looking from Qyro to Vestra. “May luck be with you, our young Nyon.”

“Who the heck needs luck?” asked Qyro.

“We don’t.” said Vestra.

__________


The two of them were now striding down the corridor towards the vehicle shed to get their hover bikes.

“What do you think’s going on?” Qyro asked softly, turning to Vestra. “They seemed strangely tense.”

“I noticed.” said Vestra. “It was hard not to.”

“And Mantra never hides anything from us,” Qyro’s voice dropped lower. “But this time, he didn’t give us a clue of what this was about. I mean what the hell is this thing, the crystal object that we’re going after?”

Vestra looked slightly troubled. She sent a quick glance back down the corridor, as if to check if the other masters were anywhere nearby. Then, with a deep breath, she said, “I think something really huge is happening. And they’re obviously trying not to scare us about it. Why else would they send us completely clueless to a mission?”

“And they’ve gotta be pretty desperate too,” said Qyro, frowning as he calculated the odds. “Desperate enough to send us to something that’s more dangerous than it looks worth it.” He nodded. “I think something really bad’s going up. And they’re doing a bad job of not showing it.”

They arrived at the door to the vehicle shed, and pushed it open to a completely dark room. Vestra held up her hand, and with a crackling sound, a fire blossomed over the torch hanging by the corner of the room, blanketing its orange illumination over a large room with a group of vehicles. Most of which were hover bikes or boards. Two hover cars lay stationed at the corner. 

At the back of the room lay a pile of small glass cylinders with what looked like a green liquid within them. Vestra walked up and scooped two power drives from the stack, tossing one to Qyro. The two of them picked up a hover board each from the group of neatly lined vehicles. They were designed no different from regular boards, except with a slender, elegant design. Their ink black metallic coverings gleamed menacingly in the light from the torch. 

“Well,” said Qyro, as they exited the room and strode towards the entrance of the temple with a hover board each held by their arms. “Let’s make this one heck of a ride.”

__________


Minutes later, the two of them were on their hover boards, ripping through an endless black abyss. Cloaking both of them in large, bubble like layer was a Plasmon shield. 

Vestra felt her mind drift over the current predicament, as the two of them voyaged journeyed to the planet. It was obvious that there was something grave going on. And whatever it was, the masters themselves were clearly unnerved by it … Dispelling the distraction, Vestra brought herself back to focus. It was evident that this was a task they could not fail in. And she intended to ensure that they didn’t. 

The inner spectrum…

After so long, they were finally exposed to a glimpse of adventure at long last. Vestra remembered the last time she had been sent on a mission to the inner spectrum. And as she did, her mind hovered over to the strange incident that had crossed her in the midst of that mission. And almost unconsciously, a smile touched her lips as that memory flashed past her mind… 

She still remembered his name.

Ion. 


	Two years ago


Dipping the cloth into the herbal substance, Vestra smeared it over the deep wounds on the boy’s tattered robes and the nasty red gashes running along his exposed skin. He was lying on a straw mat, barely stirring. He belonged to a strange species, with skin that carried a tint of orange. His dense red hair was long and ruffled, falling over the front of his face messily. 

The place was filled with the chatter of the rest of the patients, and the few healers tending to them. Vestra fought back a twinge of concern for the rest of the patients here, lying about this enormous green field. With a scarce number of healers to tend to them. And some of them were suffering from visibly nasty ailments and conditions. Closing her mind to the distraction, she kept focus and smeared the herbal substance over the boy’s skin, which was lined with cuts and bruises. 

A pair of footsteps trotting over sounded from behind her. Vestra turned to see the same aged healer standing behind her. Her concerned eyes ran all over the boy’s body, checking the nasty state of his wounds, and her face softened. 

“That would do, dear.” the aged healer said with a relieved sigh. “He’s better of now than when you’d brought him here.” She looked at Vestra with a warm smile. “Thank you so much.”

“The least I could do.” responded Vestra. She looked over the rest of the field, with almost a hundred or so patients spread over mattresses all across it. “How are the rest of the patients?”

The aged woman warm expression was marred by a shadow of anxiety. “We’re doing our best,” She gazed across the field. “But there’re only a handful of healers to assist me, and so many patients.” She ended with a strained sigh. 

Vestra turned back to the boy lying before them on the mattress. After finding the boy in this brutal state, teetering towards death, Vestra had immediately taken him and rushed to find a healer. She managed to reach this field, which was the closest thing to a hospital in this village. As soon as she had reached, the aged healer standing by her had provided an instant remedy for the boy’s wounds. The herbal substance that she was now applying on him now. 

But what the aged woman didn’t know, was that Vestra was applying a bit of her mystical powers into the healing. And it was probably going to be the reason the boy survives, if he did … But no one could know that, could they? Because even if they found a helpful mystic, they weren’t going to loosen the reins of the law for her. But Vestra wouldn’t let that keep her from helping people when it was asked of her… 

A groan sounded from the boy, and the two of them turned to see him stirring slightly. His eyes fluttered open, and slowly, through a blurry vision, found Vestra. She held his eyes for a moment, sensing something deepening within his startling orange eyes. 

“I’ve healed most of your wounds.” she told him.

The aged healer took a step forward and bent lower. 

“You’re lucky this young woman here brought you to me in time.” She gestured to Vestra, who nodded absently, stirring the cloth in the herbal substance. “Or else…”  The aged woman shuddered. “No other healer would’ve been able to help you.”

The boy spoke in a cracked voice. “You’re a … healer?”

“Lucky for you that I am.” chuckled the aged woman. “Whatever it was that happened to you, it was the nastiest I’ve seen in a while. I’d rather not know how it happened, but let’s agree not to do it again, shall we, son?”

And with that, she turned and walked off to tend to the rest of the patients. 

As Vestra continued to apply the paste of herbal substance to what remained of the boy’s wounds, he fixed his orange eyes on her, looking at a loss for words. 

“You … saved me life.”

Vestra paused to permit him a smile, nodding. “You’re lucky I chanced past that place when it happened.”

The boy seemed to drift to thought for a few moments. Then, frowning, he turned back to Vestra and asked, “But … how?”

A sliver of wariness crept through Vestra. She glanced around her, and then bent closer to the boy. 

“You happen to be talking to a mystic.” she said in a hushed voice. 

The boy’s eyes went faintly wide. “You’re … a mystic?”

“And I know you’re one too.” said Vestra, nodding. 

“You do?” asked the boy. “How come?”

She lowered her voice even more. “I saw you fighting them off … Carcasar and the Zelgron. I was in a nearby hill.”

“And you fought them all off to save me?” he asked.

“It was easier than it sounds.”

The boy gaped at her for a second. 

She gazed around the field again, bitten by the same pang of pity for the rest of the patients … perhaps … if she could just use a bit of her powers to help them the way she had just helped save this boy. 

“Hang on for a while.” she told the boy. “I’ll be back.”

“Where’re you going?” he inquired. 

She glanced around her again, and softly said, “The healers can’t handle all these patients by themselves. Can’t you see they could use some help?”

The boy’s physical ailments seemed to still hold a clench over his mind: he seemed to work through a daze to comprehend what he had just heard. “So?”

Vestra gave him an incredulous look. She realised then that he had just come out of a heavy coma, and his lack of speed in processing everything was not out of the ordinary. 

“So? I’m a mystic, aren’t I? Am I just gonna sit here and let my powers go to waste? Not when people need my help!”

She jumped to her feet and trotted off to a nearby patient. The man was dozing steadily, but his skin was a deathly blue skin. A nasty stage. And he was clearly teetering close to the end. 

Bending down over him, Vestra took in a deep breath. Placing a hand on the man’s head, she felt the heat sting the front of her palm. She realised that he needed a powerful dose of energy to fight whatever was raging inside his body now. Tapping into the reservoir of energy within her, she released it through her palm. Like a stream of clear blue water trickling from a river, the energy flowed into the man’s body. Letting it absorb the vital resource it needed to keep him alive, to win this battle…

Finishing, she moved from patient to patient. She was making sure nobody spotted what she was doing, for the presence of a mystic among them would be the last thing the people would welcome. But even if that weren’t the case, Vestra wasn’t intending to make a show of what she was doing. It was something to be done silently, like all good things in the world… 

When she was done, she strode back to find the boy sitting up on his mat. His gaze was far off, and he was absorbed in deep thought. There was a strangely dark shadow over his face as he absently gazed across the field.

Vestra sat down beside the mat again. “Hey, I’m back.”

The boy’s head snapped around to face her. And as his gaze found hers, something seemed to settle within depths of those burning orange eyes.

“So tell me,” Vestra said, letting her voice sink again. “What were you doing?” She shook her head. “Look you my be a mystic, but you should know better than to go looking for trouble. There are things in this world that you shouldn’t tamper with. And Zelgron are one of them. Carcasar is one you shouldn’t mess with…”

“Carcasar?” 

“The warlord of the Zelgron.” she answered. “The one whose eye you gashed.”

“That thing’s got a name?” asked the boy, his jaw lowering.

“That thing’s got more than just a name. It’s got a horrible fury.” A quiet shudder crossed her. “Carcasar never forgets a target, never. And for what you did, you’re definitely going to be in his hitlist … I suggest you watch your back.”

The boy sat straighter, looking unnerved.  “You’re saying … he’s gonna be … after me or something?”

Vestra thought for a moment, and finally said, “I won’t pretend to know … but he won’t forget you.”

The boy turned back, looking almost rattled. Vestra could see the dread in his eyes after what he had just heard. She gave him a warm smile as he turned to her again. “Look, believe me, there are far better things in this world to be afraid of, than facing something you’ve already faced.”

The boy frowned absently. 

“How’s it you came by there, when they were attacking me?” he asked Vestra. 

“I was just crossing by, from a nearby village.” she answered. 

The boy raised an eyebrow, looking thoughtful.  “Odd to find a mystic at a place like this, in the inner spectrum. What were you doing there?” 

“I don’t live here. I was just here for a mission.”

The boy stared. “A mission?” 

Vestra scanned her surroundings reluctantly. With a sigh, she said, “You see, I’m a part of a group of,” She paused, searching for the right words. “A group of … crime fighters, you can say.”

“Crime fighters?” The boy sounded astounded.

“Mystic crime fighters.”

“You mean…” he asked, his eyes slightly wide.  “You’re a part of a group of mystics who … fight crime?”

Vestra inclined her head for a moment, trying to scent something in his tone. “Well, yes … I can’t tell you exactly what we are.”

The word mystics and crime together seemed to invoke a sudden blast of emotions from the boy … Something welled in those orange eyes. Something heavy and raging…

Without warning, the boy plunged into a story…

Vestra’s eyes widened slightly, as she listened to everything. Everything about his past. A story that moved her deeply. A story about a beautiful, happy family. Two loving, elderly foster parents. And the two red haired twins that they had adopted. A story of how the savage side of the world had ripped apart the world that he had known… 

He told her of how his foster parents, Marion and Selia, and his twin brother, Eol had been snatched from him. And how the evil face of this world was responsible for everything he had lost. A loss that continued to haunt him to this day. 

As he finished, sympathy welled within Vestra. She felt his grief reach her as well … Drawing in a deep breath, She bent closer and asked in a soft voice, “What’s your name?”

“Ion.”

“You’re not alone, Ion.” she said. “We’re all facing it. What you’re going through. It’s called life.”

“I somehow doubt it.” snapped Ion. “Nobody would have survived what I went through.”

Vestra shook her head. “I’m not denying it. All I’m saying is that we all face our dark phases in life. If you’re facing a darker phase that anyone else, it just means there’s going to a brighter dawn at the end.”

Ion stared across the green field, watching the healers prepare to pack up and leave for the day. Half of the patients were dozing on their straw mats. 

“When I was younger,” Vestra said. “I used to wonder why there’s so much suffering in our world. So much pain. Evil. Why, I used to ask myself, were we put here … in a world which brims with chaos?”

Ion slowly looked at her.

“Surely there had to be a reason for it, right?” went on Vestra. “Surely there was an explanation for the pain in our world … what was the meaning in our living in a world filled with so much suffering?”

“I ask myself that everyday.” said Ion. “Still haven’t found it.”

“Well, I have.” said Vestra softly, feeling a smile touch her lips. “And it’s an answer we’ve all known deep down … all along.” She turned and looked over the wide green field and the dozing patients on the mattresses, a majority of whom she had healed. “The suffering in this world is the reason we’re here, Ion. Because we’re the ones meant to put an end to it. We’re thrust into a world of pain for the purpose of erasing the pain and giving it happiness. Because in the end, it isn’t what you ask of life … it’s what life asks of you, that matters.”

Ion’s orange eyes lingered over her for a few silent seconds.

“I’m sorry for whatever you’ve been through,” she said. “But just remember what I’ve told you, when you wake up tomorrow and go on with your life. And maybe you’ll find a measure of peace amidst the turmoil … a glimpse of calm amidst the chaos.”


When Vestra left the village, she had the faintest impression that she had given a person something that may have helped them through a tough phase. Her words. 

And she was right. 

Because Ion was never the same again, and that meeting had left an uneroded mark on him… 


8
		
The present


For the first time in his life, Evander felt completely lost. Helpless. A cold shivering sensation found him as he continued to stare at it. The picture placed on the table before him. The implications of what he saw in the picture cast a reverberating blow across his entire mind. Re defining the world as he knew it. 

Evander wiped his brow and took a deep breath, without removing his eyes form what he saw in the picture on the table:

Five cloaked figures. 

Standing in the middle of Mech facility’s hall. 

Unleashing chaos through their fingertips.  

Evander embraced what he was seeing in the picture. 

There is no denying what this means…

Evander had served as the head of the Naxim’s high council for almost twenty four years now. And in twenty four years, nothing had ever invoked such dread in him. The picture was their worst fear realised. They were facing a threat from the world’s most deadly enemy: mystics. 

Mech facility in the planet Cransof had been subject to a terrorist attack that had left their King and council of advisors dead. And this picture was taken inside of the facility in the middle of the attack. The five cloaked figures were the mystics who were reported to have sieged the facility. 

Evander had been rattled when the news reached him. But he knew that before anything, he needed to contain his own panic, and to prevent it from spreading to the other members of the high council: before alerting the other members of the council to this threat, he needed to have it privately discussed with someone first.

“So what’s the plan, sir?” said the only other person in the large board room, seated on the opposite side of the board table. 

A fellow member of the high council, Derigor was a bankable source to rely upon for advice. Someone whom Evander trusted for his composure in times of crises. Such as this one. 

“I honestly have no idea.” said Evander. “I never dreamt we would be facing something of this scale.”

Derigor looked at the picture on the table before Evander. And a shadow stirred within his eyes. 

The man in the centre of the five mystics, clearly their leader, was tall and thin, robed in a black cloak. His hair was as black as ash, covering his face in frames. 

Evander looked at Derigor with a stale sigh. “What do you think we should do, Derigor? As the two highest authorities in the Naxim, we ought to put a conscious decision to this testing situation.” 

Derigor continued to frown at the picture for a thoughtful second. Then he finally said, “The first and foremost priority for us now, is to find the culprits.” He raised his gaze to Evander. “And quite honestly, I don’t think that’s gonna be easy.”

“It certainly won’t.” Evander agreed. “And there isn’t a place we can start with.” The five lethal mystics responsible for this gruesome attack are currently strolling free among us in the spectrum … And they could be literally anywhere.

“If this threat arises again … and these mystics re surface for another attack,” Derigor paused for a grave moment. “Then we’ll have to call a full fledged meeting of the high council. We’ll have to accept that the worst is upon us… and act accordingly.”

Evander nodded gravely. 

He attempted to piece the bits of this puzzle together. But nothing seemed to make sense. 

“But why?” he whispered. “Why the Mech laboratory? What was their intention behind the attack?”

A few seconds of silence settled over the room. 

And then, a familiar beeping noise split the silence.

Evander pressed a button on the desk before him, and a holographic screen enlarged over the desk. Hanging steady over it. 

A Naxim officer stood inside the screen. 

“This is officer Gowden, captain of the Naxim base of Sacrogon speaking.” he announced. “I had just tracked a mystic in my planet, but he escaped.”

Evander found what he was hearing slightly humorous. “Stray mystics are of little concern as of now, officer. There is a far, far more deadly group lurking somewhere … And they occupy our real concern now.”

“I just thought you should know.” said Gowden. “Anyway, I’ve managed to get a photo of him. To store in our data, which holds the pictures of all mystics yet to be caught.”

Evander met Derigor’s eyes across the table, and knew both of them were thinking the same thing: that finding and capturing a bunch of harmless stray mystics in the inner spectrum had been the biggest concern for them … until something far deadlier swooped in to take its place. 

Ironic. He thought. We realise the insignificance of a problem we face … only when it’s replaced with a far greater one.

“Thank you, officer Gowden.” He told the officer.

The officer nodded and said, “Here’s the picture.”

The holographic screen changed, now showing a picture of a blurry scene … Hanging in front of the camera, in a mid air streak across the sky, was a figure clad in a cloak. Riding a bike. The scene was blurry, obviously taken in a mid chase by the side of this mystic’s bike… 

Evander looked at the picture absently … And then something happened that made alarm shoot up within him. He sat up straight, his gaze on the holographic image intensifying. 

The mystic in the picture, riding the hover bike, was tall and thin … He was wearing a black cloak … And he had dishevelled, long hair that shone in a greasy, black colour. 

His heart halting, Evander switched his gaze to the picture on the desk before him, the one taken at Mech lab. The mystic at the centre of the five of them was tall and thin. He was dressed in a black cloak … And he had curtains of pitch black hair.

Two and two added up inside of Evander, taking his breath away…

“It can’t be.” He whispered, still looking at the picture from Mech laboratory. This is him! This is the one responsible for the attack on Cransof!

Sitting across the table, Derigor surveyed Evander’s incredulous look in silence.

“Err, sir, what is it-”

Evander held up a hand to silence him, his mind racing…

“Officer Gowden,” he called at the holographic screen. “Officer Gowden, come in!”

The picture frozen on the screen vanished, and the officer’s face returned. “Yes, sir.”

“Where did you find this mystic you called to tell me of?”

“Here.” said Gowden. “In Sacrogon.”

“Do you have any idea where he is now?”

Gowden frowned. “He slipped right through our fingers just a few minutes back. Nevertheless, our Intel predicts that he must still be inside Sacrogon and its neighbouring moons … He couldn’t have gotten far.” 

“Good, now hear me out.” Evander’s tone sharpened with urgency. “This mystic that you’ve just identified may be the one responsible for a large scale terrorist attack in the planet Cransof, in cluster 54.”

Across the table, Derigor’s eyes went wide. 

“What?” spluttered Gowden, clearly unaware of this attack. 

“Now, I need you to bring about a large scale lockout of the Sacrogon planetary system, all of its moons, and its neighbouring planets.” ordered Evander. “Get this across to Sacrogon’s government, and bring a full scale lockout of the entire system. No one gets in. And no one gets out.”
	
Gowden listened without responding. 

“Seal all exit lines, all ship networks, and stop all space transport about the system. Nobody is to move from the system.”

At long last, Gowden nodded. “Consider it done, sir.” He hesitated. “We’ve – that is to say, unfortunately – lost track of him. We managed to get a tracker onto him, but he destroyed it.”

Evander fiddled one thumb with the other, spending a moment to make the decision

“Don’t worry about that.” He gave Gowden a nod. “Just place Sacrogon’s system in a lockout mode. That’ll keep the mystic from leaving Sacrogon or its moons – wherever he is now.”

“I’ll also alert the authorities and Sacrogon’s government, telling them to keep an eye out for this mystic. I have knowledge of his appearance from our contact a few minutes ago. The authorities will be alerted to look out for him across the Sacrogon system, and neighbouring planets.”

“Good.” said Evander. “That’s good, officer. One last thing – have a copy of the photo you took sent on paper.”

“Yes, sir.” Gowden gave a final nod and the link broke, leaving the holographic screen to melt back to thin air. 

Evander looked at Derigor who was sitting frozen across the table. The shock on his face hadn’t faded.

“Do you think we can find him?” he asked slowly.

Evander had been contemplating that same question. And he now had a vague idea of how he was to find the answer … that he wanted. 

“I think we can.” He said quietly. “I have a plan, you see. A reasonably good plan to catch our dear enemy.” He rose from his chair. “Follow me.”

The door slid open with a slight hiss as the two high council members approached it. Evander pored over what he had in mind as they strode down the corridor. Their target was now trapped somewhere in Sacrogon and its neighbouring systems, with the authorities looking out for him, and with nowhere to run … But Evander was now going to see to it that he was found and caught without a doubt. 

“What do you intend on doing?” Derigor asked, as they paced down the long hall. “What’s this plan you’re talking of?”

Evander turned to face Derigor with a deep breath. And then, he spilt it. 


Derigor gaped at Evander for a long series of seconds. His eyebrows had flown high above his eyes.

When the shock had dried from his face, he slowly said, “Sir, are you are sure about this? About employing…” He seemed to grope for the right word. “About employing them?”

“Desperate times call for desperate measures, Derigor.” Evander said firmly. “These are desperate times…”

“This may not be taken to well by the rest of the council.”

“I don’t care.” said Evander. “I don’t work for pleasing the council. I work for the betterment of our world. Somewhere between Sacrogon and its moons, a deadly terrorist is wandering about. And we need to focus everything right now on bringing him down. I am now sending in our greatest and finest for this mission … and they will bring him down without the slightest doubt.”


9



Hadri, The seventh moon of Sacrogon

After waking from the short nap, Ion felt boredom clutch at him. With his earlier weariness now gone with an hour’s peaceful sleep, he had decided to go about for some exploring. He had taken the bike and wandered off over the skies of the planet. He was sure that there was bound to be a city or a town somewhere in this planet. And he had been right. Just hundreds of miles from the mountain terrain he’d landed in, he found this place. A city. But not exactly the type he had imagined.

“God,” he mumbled, as his eyes travelled over the scene ahead. “Looks like there was a nuclear holocaust here or something.”

The place was completely deserted. An abandoned ghost town. If it could even be called that. Everywhere he turned, he saw concrete structures that seemed to have stood over decades of uninhabitance: They were all cracked and partially demolished. Most had giant chunks missing from them, while some were half torn in rubble. The city almost looked like it had been the site of a cataclysmic war or nuclear explosion. 

Parking his bike by the side of the street where he had landed, Ion took to a stroll down the long, deserted lane ahead of him. It seemed to go on and on, disappearing behind a shroud of mist at its furthest reach. 

The night’s chill penetrated right into Ion’s skin as he strolled on. With his rucksack slung by his side, he prodded street after street, only to find debris, wrecked structures, and a soulless, almost haunting desolateness all through them. 

The rare times where he found people were when he passed groups of them huddling around a fire, or sitting by the side of the street in ragged looking robes. Some of them would stare at him as he walked forth. Some of them would mutter to themselves and shuffle away if he drew closer to them.

A slight nervousness sapped upon his energy … And a strange sense of foreboding was crawling up within him as he strolled down this wreck of a city.

But he quickly stopped himself, admonishing: Don’t be stupid! It’s just a ghost town! Nothing to be scared of.

Shaking his head, he continued down the lane.

__________


A man in a rugged, worn shirt sat with his back against the wall of what remained of a building. A humble fire built upon a stack of wood lay on the ground before him, meant to keep him warm in the night’s chill. The man lifted his gaze, witnessing a strange sight disturb the solitude of the area: A boy with messy crimson hair strode by through the street ahead. His long black cloak trailed for an inch or two on the ground behind him. 

The man in the rugged shirt let his gaze follow the strange boy as he walked past. Watching as he slowly disappeared into the shadows of the distance. The man scowled into the darkness. Something seemed unusual about the spiky haired kid.  Whoever he was, he definitely wasn’t from around here. And he almost seemed lost. But the man had far better things to worry about. He brought his attention back to the spitting fire before him, rubbing his hands over it to keep them warm. The glow of the fire spread through his fingertips, melting the frost in his bones. Soothing.
 
For seconds he absently stared ahead of him, absorbed in the warm aura emanating from the fire. 

A shuffling set of noises arose out of the darkness … And then, a group of uniformed men with long blue capes walked by. Their footsteps pattered on the concrete street outside, as they followed the exact trail that the red haired boy had gone in a few seconds back … almost as though following him. 

Something about them seemed to exact a sense of supreme focus. A lethalness that defied all natural senses. They swept the street outside in a swift stride, carrying themselves in the exact path that the red haired boy had gone in. Their gazes were all locked dead ahead of them, clearly watching for something on the path ahead. 

The man in the rugged cloth felt a slight shiver pass him at the sight of the strange blue caped men. Everything about them felt unnatural. Cold. And it almost felt to him like they were here chasing the red haired boy who had just passed a few seconds back… 

If that’s the case, the man thought, as he continued to rub his hands before the fire. Then good luck to the poor boy … cause it looks like he would well need it.

__________


The group trailing a hundred metres behind Ion were the ultimate threat any mystic could imagine facing. 

They were known as Force one…

Though they came under the management of the Naxim, they were employed only in the most dire of circumstances. Because Force one was a very controversial subject in the inner chambers of the Naxim, and if high council leader Evander had decided to bring them to the fore, it meant that he was desperate. Very desperate. 

The very existence of Force one was top secret, hidden from the lower levels of the Naxim. For if revealed, it would stir a greatly controversial response from the entire organisation. And from the entire world as well. But Evander’s argument was that the greater good outweighed all… 

The leader of the group stalked foremost among them, his head high and proud. His narrowed eyes were fixed on the black dot walking far ahead them all. Their target…

Known as RED ONE, the leader of Force one came with a past torn with turbulence and discord. A past which had shaped him, moulded him. Made him what he was today: A lethal weapon, devoid of a drop of human kindness. He had spent his entire life hunting down, killing and torturing innocent people. And with every target that he went after, he would feel the same inhumane thirst. The same savage fury.

But today, it was different. Today, as the group of them strode after this cloaked target, RED ONE felt a rage stronger than anything his whole life. 

He contemplated the plan quietly, keeping pace with the others. 

They stalked down the mist doused street surrounded by crumbling buildings. Slowly approaching the cloaked figure with messy red hair who was moving ahead of them. Their target’s game was up. He couldn’t run. He couldn’t hide. He couldn’t do anything … Not with them now in the court.

“All right, team, speed up.” RED ONE called, barely moving his lips. “Time to move in for the kill.”

“We’ll take him from the back,” suggested the figure beside RED ONE. “He’ll be out cold before he even realises it.”

“No.” said RED ONE. “We will openly confront him, and then take him head on.”

The man stared. “But we have a direct shot! We can end it here and now, and return with the prize!”

RED ONE felt his flow of anger swerve towards a new target. 

“I’m in charge.” he hissed. “And I decide how it’s done. Believe me, I don’t waste time with an open confrontation for no reason.”

The man turned forward, sensible enough to shut up. RED ONE felt his pulse climb higher and higher as they slowly approached the black cloaked target from behind. When they had reached around ten or so feet from him, the red haired boy seemed to have finally gathered something from his senses: He stopped and whipped around to face the group of seven uniformed men striding up from behind them.

RED ONE felt a smile light his face. He held up a palm, and the group came to a stop before the spiky haired teenager, who was staring at them. 

RED ONE slowly walked forward before the red haired boy, so that the two of them were just a few feet apart. For a long moment, the two of them stood with their eyes locked…
	
This can’t be. Ion thought, as he stared at the face of the uniformed man standing in front of him. A face he knew…

“Vonayz?” he gasped. 


To be continued …


In THE RISING SUN – Episode 2

A glimpse of Episode 2 …


*******	*******	*******


And red hot pain scorched Ion’s shoulder as Vonayz’s sword brushed it from the side. Ion hit the ground with a roar of pain, his sword slipping from his hand. 

Vonayz and the others stood over him, basking in the helpless state of their target.

Vonayz bent down over him, a fiendish glow upon his face.

“It’s too bad we were told to bring you back alive.” he whispered. “But wait a second … You don’t need all your bones to be in one piece for interrogation, do you?”


*******	*******	*******


“We are at the precipice of a new age,” said the man in the holographic screen. “The age of unravelling.”

His pale face. His razor sharp teeth. His black hair falling on both sides of his face in frames. It was all terrifying. But not merely as terrifying as his eyes. 

Because the man had no eyes … just empty, blank sockets that gazed out horrifyingly. 

As he finished speaking, the silence that followed seemed to drill into the president’s ears. Standing about behind him were the other members of his office. All of them were standing rigid, facing the holo screen at the front of the office. 

The president took a deep, calming breath, and broke the silence with his steady voice: 

“What do you want?” 

“Oh, but you already know, Mr. President.” said the man, and he gave another twisted smile. “You’ve always known.”


*******	*******	*******	


The fifteen men sitting about the board table all stared without speaking. The Naxim’s high council had never before been so rattled. 

Everyone seemed to be quietly weighing the scale of catastrophe, all faces mirrors of the same dread and anxiety. 

Evander looked about the boardroom, nodding. 

“Gentlemen,” he said in a stern voice. “We are now at war. The worst threat we have faced in centuries … possibly even millennia, has risen once more, to haunt us again. And we need to arm ourselves in preparation of whatever lies ahead. Because if we don’t act now, nothing will ever be the same again.” 


*******	*******	*******


A thick gag was stuffed into Qyro’s mouth, while a pair of thick iron shackles bound his wrists. Qyro could have easily used his mystic powers to snap apart a pair of normal cuffs. But the thick iron make of the cuffs that clasped his hands were far too strong. Even for his mystic strength.

It was no use … The worst had just happened…

I’ve been taken prisoner? Qyro couldn’t believe it. Why didn’t they just kill me?

This was the worst possible, dreaded outcome: When Vestra and he had been sent here, they had been made well aware of this. At absolutely no cost would they be taken prisoner by the enemy … that would spell catastrophe for the entire brotherhood. Now his captors would interrogate him. They would try finding out who he worked for and everything about them. And if they succeeded in weeding the information out of him, the location of the Nyon temple would be compromised. The information would hit the Naxim, who would attack the temple. Qyro felt his pulse soar out of control, and a faint drumming noise ensued from within his chest. 

Where’s Vestra? What’ve they done to her?

A small voice which came from intelligent reasoning told him that she was dead. It was undeniable. The rebels didn’t need either of them alive, except only to interrogate them. And if so, they didn’t need two prisoners alive for interrogation … they just needed one. She was dead. She had to be. 

As a part of him mourned the loss of his friend, another part of him imagined a new, dawning possibility that revolved around her. A nasty possibility. 

What if they’ve already interrogated her? And what if … she had submitted? If this was true, she would be dead as well. But there would be a far graver reason to mourn, and to despair…

The Nyon. 

The entire brotherhood would be under attack, with the location of the temple now disclosed. The Nyon in the temple would be attacked completely unawares, and there would be literally no escape. Nowhere to run…


*******	*******	*******


Carcasar drew his hood back again, his one remaining eye staring out from underneath it. Slowly trotting downwards on the slope, he lay on the ground, staring at the stars above. His one remaining eye twitched as he remembered the incident from a night so similar to this one…

The incident that had taken his other eye, and left a gash across his face in place of it. 

And he remembered the one responsible for it. For tearing his eye out. 

You won’t get away with what you did, boy. A growl of fury rumbled within his throat. Ion will pay for what he did … I’ll make sure of it. Eye for an eye.

His insides mashed with rage as he remembered that red haired, orange eyed boy. Someone who had made himself a most deadly enemy… 

He knew that before the end of this life, the boy would pay. He intended to make sure he did. He had a list of enemies who dreaded him and the rest of his kind under his command … And he knew that this boy was one of them. 

That day, two years back, would have left its mark on him. A mark which Carcasar knew he was carrying upto this day … and he was right in doing so. 

Because when the chance came for it, Carcasar would find the boy again and finish their meeting two years back…

And the chance was coming very soon…


*******	*******	*******


Ion’s freefall rapidly gained speed. He was now falling through what seemed like a few miles above the earth. 

Looming below him, a giant churning mass … an ocean. 

Ion’s insides froze in horror. 

The ocean surface was raging and wild, with waves that lashed about with uncontained might. And as Ion saw it racing up towards him, he knew that this was the worst possible way to die… 

Gravity sucked him downwards with a raw, senseless force. His body seemed to slice through the air like a bullet. 

The giant, untamed mass of blue below him slowly magnified, and the brutal waves lashing around it swelled in size. Raw fear coursing his veins, Ion felt time slow down, and every moment seemed to expand. The fall seemed to go on and on, bottomless and agonizing. 

As the last few seconds of the fall, and his life, dawned over him, Ion felt all hopes vaporise…

He plunged through the remaining distance between him and the ocean within the splinter of a second … And then he felt himself crash into what felt like a wall of solid concrete. He thought the impact snapped a few bones in his body…

As unbearable pain seared all over him, the lights within him dulled and went off… 


*******	*******	*******






