
The Rising Sun

Clocks 
BOOK ONE




J HAWK



Copyright © 2014 J Hawk




EPISODE 4


1




Everything was spinning … spiralling. Everything had dissolved behind a sickening, ghastly whirl.

“No…” Ion staggered. 

Grando and the other men had failed to notice anything, their burning, glee filled faces fixed on the boy on the floor between them, as Grando slowly took aim with his Sparkler…

“THAT’S MY BROTHER!!!” 

Before he knew what had hit them, Grando was sailing backwards at the mighty force of Ion’s smash, a hurtling wave of fury and rage like nothing else he had released his entire life. Grando seemed to stay airborne for an eternity. Ion watched as his body slowed and sank in its arc, before crashing painfully onto the wall opposite and falling to the ground in a dull thud. 

The rest of the men’s glee filled, sneering expressions slowly died out, and they all rounded to look at Ion. Their faces grew fazed as they realised what had just happened, and raised their Sparklers as one at a new enemy amidst them.

As an ocean of rage came crashing through him, Ion raised his hands at the men who were a split second from firing. And as he kept his hands raised, he didn’t know how it happened, but it happened as though a sudden force gushed through his mind, acting through him. A tide of bright, crimson flames flowed out from both his hands, licking the air around and in front, enclosing it in a cage of burning inferno. 

The flames leapt over the group of men, leaving the body on the ground to be spared. Before the men even realised what had happened, before they could begin to scream, the splash of fire engulfed them and they were burnt to crisps. As they topped to the ground, steaming, sideways, Ion leapt forward, bending over Eol. He lay on the ground, white and shaking, his orange eyes dilated in terror. His crimson hair was tousled and messy. 

Ion felt a stab of horror unlike anything he had felt his entire life … his insides writhed in agony as he realised what had just been done. What he had just done. 

“Hatred turns us into the people we hate.” The voice echoed in his head, like the residue of a distant booming sound. 

And for the split of a moment, Ion saw his own self mirrored in his twin brother, tortured by Rox … He had become the person he had hated. 

Eol was breathing in heavy rasps, and every part of him seemed to be trembling. He was a reflection of Ion, looking exactly like himself. His crimson hair was tousled and messy, and his skin bore the same tint of orange as Ion’s own did.

My brother … my twin brother. Ion felt as though an invisible hand was crushing his insides. This can’t be… 

Breathless, Ion pulled him up with both arms, and their eyes met. And a humorless smile awoke on his twin brother’s twitching lips. 

“Now you understand,” He croaked, fighting to form words. “why you should know who you’re talking to before you threaten him.” 

And with that and a dry chuckle, his eyeballs rolled over and he became limp in Ion’s arms. 

“No…” moaned Ion, carrying him in his arms as he lay as still as a corpse. “This can’t be.”

He looked across the large room … And there, across the chamber, Grando was scurrying to his feet from where he had fallen. At the sight of that man, rage like nothing he had known his entire life flooded Ion, wiping out all else from existence…

The Redling slowly rose, and locked eyes with Ion…

“You.” Ion growled, every word ringing with fury. “You …  you’re responsible for this…” 

Before Ion knew what he was doing, he cast the unconscious body of his brother aside and leapt forward, every inch of him possessed with a fury like no other. He dashed towards the terrorist leader, his cry of rage splitting the room. 

Grando stood rigidly frozen on the spot, his eyes widened in terror as he watched Ion hurtle towards him. Then, seeming to muster every ounce of courage within him, he turned to the walls of the room and roared, “Rash-cons, ATTACK!”

Ion barely knew what was happening. But by the time the group of robotic soldiers bounded in towards him from all sides, he had his sword ignited and spinning furiously. He could feel the space around him dissolve in a mesmerising swirl of orange light as he slashed down the robots that came charging towards him. They sent jets of light at him from their guns, which he flicked aside with the laziest swipe of his sword. As he fought, he felt his being scoured of the meanest flicker of hesitation or doubt. Right now, only one deadly force pulsed through him, so that power like nothing before thundered across his being. Rage. 

Moving faster than the haziest blur, he chopped down the dozen or so Rash-cons, leaving a clutter of their body parts to fill the ground around him. 

Finishing with them, he raised his eyes to where Grando had been standing. But it was empty: the Redling was gone, having fled through the door at the corner of the opposite wall. 

Ion felt himself tremble with fury. Without wasting a second, he charged across the room towards the door Grando had vanished through. 

__________


Grando’s lungs were torn of breath as he sprinted senselessly down the long corridor, which came beyond the door he had escaped from. He chanced a fleeting glance back every second or so, terrified of seeing the red haired boy darting in right after him. But as he ran on mindlessly, the corridor swerved so that the exit was blocked. 

As he turned back, cursing under his breath, he saw a pack of his terrorists striding down the corridor. The entire lot of them froze on seeing their leader pelting down the corridor as though having seen a ghost. 

Without stopping, Grando panted to them as he ran on: 

“If you see a red haired boy coming down the corridor, DON’T let him pass!”

Looking puzzled, the group of five terrorists nodded as he swept past them, reaching for their Sparklers in their belts. 

And right then, Grando heard a grinding shriek of fury emit from the beginning of the hallway. And then came the furious thudding of a pair of feet… 

Grando glanced back to see the five men he had crossed step back hesitantly, wary of what they were about to face. Before Grando had completed the turn of his head to face in front of him again, his eyes caught it all happening in the flash of a moment…

Zipping forth like a bullet, the red haired boy appeared across the bend of the hallway, sword in hand, blade shining in bright orange. The men held their Sparklers higher, but at the same time staggered back at the panic of what they were seeing. But before any of them could move another flinch, Ion had launched over them. The shining orange light from his sword sliced the air rapidly, like a brandished whip flying wild. And the men standing before him crumpled and fell to the ground, all of them sliced into two or more senseless pieces. Ion dashed right on, his burning orange eyes locked over Grando as he furiously ran on in front.  

The thudding of footsteps grew closer … Ion was closing in on him rapidly, and Grando knew he had never stood a chance…

And then, as though by a miracle, he tore past another curve in the hallway and found himself dashing towards the door to the balcony. The door slid open as he approached, revealing a large balcony with a hover car and a few bikes parked upon it. Behind him, he could hear Ion’s panting grow louder, and he knew that the boy was less than a few feet behind him.

Bolstered by the urge to live, he slashed aside all petty pains and weaknesses: as he ran into the balcony towards his hover car, he summoned every bit of steel in his bones and took a leap forward. Landing before the car, he wrenched the door open, and jumped in. But as he shut the door the next second, something hard collided by the side of the vehicle. And a shower of glass pieces sprayed him. Before he could even scream, Ion, who had hurled his arm through the window, grasped him by the throat. Wild with panic, Grando jabbed the buttons, sending the car’s engine on. And floored it…

The car took off from the ground with a sudden lurch, but Ion kept his hands clasped around Grando’s throat, his other arm holding the car by its side as it hovered off the ground. As the balcony below him dropped, Ion’s strength waned and Grando felt the boy’s fingers slide loose on his throat. As the boy’s burning orange eyes stayed firmly latched with Grando’s for a final mini second, Ion gave a low growl:

“I’ll kill you … I swear it.”

And with that, as the car flew upward, he lost hold: Grando felt a large weight give away by the side of the car as the boy let go, dropping back to the balcony through a serene five metre drop. He landed with a slam on one of the hover bikes before rolling over, picking himself up instantly, and bringing his gaze above. Watching Grando’s car as it soared away…

Grando turned back, suppressing a cold shiver at the fury in the boy’s voice as he spoke those final words:

“I’ll kill you … I swear it.”

Without thinking, he gunned the engine harder, sending the hover car shooting faster into the skies… 

__________


His insides burning, Ion carried his brother’s body over his shoulder and raced down the empty lands that came around Grando’s base. 

After chasing Grando, he had returned to take his brother’s unconscious body and scurry in search of a healer. But he knew that the nearest village would be miles away … and Eol had already been badly wounded, with five shots of the Stinger. 

His hopes were flickering, and a part of him was dying alongside Eol.

This can’t be happening!

He fuelled every ounce of energy into his legs as he dashed senselessly across the empty lands. Hoping wildly that he would reach the nearest village in time to save his brother…

And then, he heard something stir from the mass he was now holding by his shoulder.

“Eol!” Coming to a stop, he gently placed his brother’s body on the ground, holding his head raised. Eol was stirring feebly, coming back to consciousness. His eyes fluttered for a few seconds before opening fully. Ion saw his own burning orange eyes mirrored within his brother’s. 

“Eol … you’re all right.” he whimpered, holding his brother’s wounded, ravaged form over the ground. “Don’t worry … I’m getting you to a healer. You’re gonna be fine.”

His brother held his gaze, unblinking. Watching him steadily. But within the depths of his orange eyes, Ion saw something churn, something immense and powerful. Hatred. Fury. 

“You…” Eol croaked. “You’re not my brother.”

Ion thought something inside of his chest had turned fragile. “No … Eol, don’t say that.”

“I was a mystic.” Eol’s voice as weak as possible, and yet contained with a rage like nothing before. “I was the one who set the alert off in our village … You weren’t the only mystic in our family.”

Ion flashed back to that day, years back … The Naxim had taken Eol as well, for some unknown reason. But the others thought that they were doing it out of pure insecurity, for they thought Eol was not a mystic. He realised that they’d been wrong. Eol had been a mystic as well. The family just hadn’t known. 

“I escaped.” Eol went on, his voice now growing into a rasp. “From the Naxim station … and years I’d been trying to find you … and then, I found this.” His hand trembling, he thrust it into his pocket and withdrew the same parchment Ion had seen earlier. But as he unrolled it, Ion felt speechlessly stunned. 

The image of him in the poster was far from him. It was a gruesome, terrifying version of him. 

A scary version of him. With glowing red eyes, and pale skin.

Ion realised the states of the inner spectrum had obviously had it painted, and that it was just a vague depiction of him, which was all they could come up with. 

“You killed them.” rasped Eol, his weak voice now hardening with contempt like no other. “You killed our parents … you killed what they stood for … what they taught us.”

Ion’s hands slackened as he held his brother. 

Eol’s orange eyes drilled into Ion. “You destroyed everything they raised us with … and took the life of a fiend.”

“No,” Ion croaked, his own throat bone dry. “Eol, I didn’t-”

“You’re not my brother.” said Eol, shaking his head feebly. His eyes were drooping … He was losing the fight. “You’re not Ion … you’re a monster. And I needed to avenge my parents …”

“No, no, no, Eol, no!”

But with a final, scorching imprint left on Ion with his orange eyes, Eol let his body loosen … His head rolled sideways. His eyes lay shut halfway, leaving a small gap open at the bottom. His wild crimson hair lay still by the side of his head. 

A small, glistening bead of liquid landed on his chest, dropping from Ion’s left eye. 

No … no … no … What have I done?

Ion shook his brother’s limp body feebly, but Eol lay as still as a pillow. And Ion knew he would move no more. 

“You killed them … you killed my parents …”

Anguish and disgust like nothing before welled up within Ion, so that he could hardly breathe as he knelt there by the ground, holding his brother’s dead body in his hands. 

And then, shaking with grief and rage and pain, Ion threw his head back and let a writhing scream of anguish drown the air around him, carrying for miles across.


2

	The present


The Naxim was in chaos. 

Three of its high council members were dead, one of which was the leader himself. And another was kidnapped, also quite possibly dead. And the culprits for it all were the same ones responsible for the two earlier attacks. The same mystics. 

Haxor quelled his giddiness and kept himself steady. As the newly elected leader of the high council, he knew he was the only one the spectrum had to rely on for this crisis. He gazed past the table that the rest of the high council members were now seated around, trying to find a solution to this mess. Which was taking their world to the teetering edge of disaster. 

The entire table shared a silence filled with heavy foreboding, all faces masked with the same tense grimness. 

Haxor rose from his desk, walking over to the other side to scan the scene outside of the window. He could feel the others’ eyes on him as he stood there quietly, weighing their options. And they didn’t have a whole lot of options as of now. 

Turning around, he let his eyes travel over the table of suited men, meeting some of their gazes, while others were absorbed in their own thought filled trances. 

“The culprits are still out there somewhere.” He announced, placing his hands behind his back. “And they’re clearly far more dangerous than we could imagine.”

One of the men forced a humorless chuckle. “You could say that. They killed Evander and two others of the high council. And they kidnapped another, Derigor.”

Another one, a Brownling named Voreno, sat straighter on his seat, bringing his attention to Haxor. “But it doesn’t make sense.”

“What?” asked Haxor.

“What have they kidnapped one of us for, exactly?” asked Voreno, shaking his head. “It doesn’t add up at all. Killing would at least make sense. But the fact that Derigor’s been kidnapped by them leads to a lot of loose threads: What do they want him alive for? What do they want with him?”

A tight silence came over the air. For this was a question that none of them could answer, but which tormented them just as much. 

“And why Derigor? What did he have to make himself their target?” asked another of the councillors. “And why did they kidnap him, when they could have as easily kidnapped Evander, the leader of the high council and the head of the entire Naxim?” He scowled as he looked about the rest of the men. “What they’ve done doesn’t seem to make sense!”

“And that’s exactly what makes them so dangerous.” said Haxor. 

Some of the high councillors nodded gravely. Others exchanged looks that boded the same mixture of confusion and suspense. 

“Whatever their reason was,” Haxor said. “One thing’s certain. They have a plan in mind. They’re after a certain something. And we can’t know what that is.”

The rest of the suited men were watching him with the same intensity, their attention undeviated at this hour of crisis. 

Haxor took a deep breath and summoned a tone of supreme seriousness. 

“As of now,” he continued. “The situation has spiralled well off bounds. We’re now witnessing a threat unlike anything we thought the Naxim would face before. And as the leader of the high council, and as head of the Naxim, I am now going to take the appropriate measures to fight what we’re threatened with.”

“What do you plan on doing, sir?” asked Voreno. “Whatever it is, it seems we’re running out of time. The longer we wait … the more disastrous the string of events seems to turn.”

Haxor couldn’t help but agree. And I fear this may be just the beginning. “The Naxim has already been placed on a high alert. Our crews across the spectrum have already been taken to a heighten vigilance and seriousness. And whatever we’re now facing, we’re probably going to have to brace ourselves for it. Because nothing at all can be said for certain until we get a track on the mystics responsible for this.”


Minutes later, as the meeting disbanded, Haxor found himself lingering in the office, staring out of the large window in front of it in silence. He knew that whatever happened, they were all just puppets to a greater force at play. A force that had been playing with them all for too long now. Sighing, Haxor slowly turned and walked out of the conference room, hardly able to hear himself think.

__________


The time has come.

Zardin strode across the cave to where a small black heap lay on the floor. Arriving before it, he sent a swift kick to the centre of the heap. Derigor gave a muffled squeak, gagged and with his hands and feet clasped in irons. Zardin bent down over the Naxim official and plucked the gag from his mouth. Derigor gave a long contained gasp, and let his gaze slowly rise over Zardin. 

“What do you want with me?” Derigor breathed. 

“Just a little favour.” replied Zardin. 

Derigor held his eyes for a long moment, and a rush of defiance arose from the depths of his eyes. 

“Favour … to you?” he asked softly. “I’d rather die.”

“You undoubtedly will.” said Zardin. “I’m here to make sure of it.” He patted the Naxim official gently by the back. “In the meantime, we thank you for your assistance … in helping us with something we’ve long been after.”

He heaved Derigor’s body up and slung it over his shoulder. 

“What – what’re you doing?” the man squealed, thrashing helplessly over his shoulder. 
 
“It’s time for a little trip,” Zardin said, while Derigor struggled over his shoulder “Oh, and believe me, we’re gonna have some fun.”

He turned and boomed down the dark chamber of the cave, “Men, suit up, and get the ship ready. The time’s here.” 


Derigor felt his heart pound within him as he lay in the small enclosed space, bound and helpless. The mystics had left him here, at the back of the ship, and had then taken off with him in it. He had no idea where they were going, and why. 

The stream of events that led to where he now was left him utterly perplexed. He couldn’t digest anything of it. Whatever had happened across the past few bewildering hours. 

But through the panic and dread choking him from within, there was a heavy sense of confusion. What did his captors want with him? And for what were they keeping him alive? None of it seemed to make sense.

Getting a hold over himself, Derigor tried calming himself. He drew in rhythmic, slow breaths, letting his tension drain slowly. After almost a whole minute of deep breathing, a sense of composure found him. 

He was a man with a stern resolve and he refused to lose control now. Whatever be the odds. Derigor embraced the possibility that he might not live through this. But his concerns, as of now, were not for his own self…

Somewhere far away, Martha and Garen would be stricken with panic, undoubtedly having heard that he had gone missing for a few hours. He felt a lump grow in his throat as the faces of his two loved ones flashed past him … He only hoped that they had the strength to move past this. But nesting in a deeper layer of his mind, more terrible than his concern for his two loved ones was a far, far graver concern – concern for the world he had worked to protect all these years. The evidence suggested that these men, the ones holding him captive, were moving down a path of mayhem like no other. 

Their worst fear had now come to life, and Derigor was witnessing it before his very eyes: the Xeni were back. Derigor couldn’t imagine being a part of whatever twisted plan they held in store. As he had honestly admitted, he would rather die than help them with whatever they were going towards.

The rumble of the ship’s engine was mild, and a slight shuddering sensation came from the cold metal ground he lay against. He craned his neck slightly, and saw a bunch of cloaked men seated around the circular hull of the ship. Zardin stood upfront beside the pilot, watching through the window ahead as the ship soared through a massive sea of black.

Derigor let his head rest on the ship’s floor, submitting to the train of events: he accepted whatever had come, and whatever was waiting to come … A sense of peace crept over him as he did, and before he knew it, he was asleep… 

He might have had a series of hundred or so, different dreams, all of them borrowing from all faces of the life that he knew. He glimpsed Martha and Garen, his wife and son. He saw Naxim officers that he had worked with all his life. He saw childhood images flash past him, broken strings of imageries that carried little logic. He saw friends he had known from long back, buried deep in his subconsciousness, long forgotten. 

And the dreams slowly turned unsettling…

He heard devious voices whisper through the darkness. Some of them made sense, others didn’t … He saw strange disorienting patterns run through his mind, forming and dissolving in a rapid blur. He heard gunshots, Sparkler shots … and the orange light of a mystic’s blade as he ignited it.

And then, they became too unsettling…

There was chaos, destruction, and bloodshed. Explosions, mayhem. And suddenly the streets were thronged screaming people who ran with their arms flailed madly. And at the very end of it all, he heard a laughter. A laughter that seemed to shake the world, like the sound of a thousand hyenas shrieking as one… 


“Rise and shine.” came a familiar voice, piercing through veil separating reality and the dream world. His insides squealing at the sound of that voice, Derigor jolted awake. He sprang upright to find Zardin standing over him, the same unpleasant smile on his face. 

Feeling the grogginess of sleep drain in an instant, he tried to pull himself up, only to find his body in the same bound state they had left him in. “Where … am I?”

They were no longer in the ship. They were in the middle of a wide open space. Derigor craned his neck slightly, trying to get sight of his surroundings. And as he saw where they were, his mouth dropped open in alarm. They had reached whatever unknown destination they had been travelling towards. And the place couldn’t have given him worse creeps…

He was lying on a solid brown ground, inside of what looked like the interior of a large mountain. The ship they had arrived in lay parked across the large chamber. A minute hole could be seen at the top of the mountain, evidently through which they had entered here. 

But it wasn’t the place, but what lay inside of it that made shivers race up Derigor’s spine. 

Cluttered all over the solid earthen floor, covering the vast sprawl of land, were coffins. 

They were in some sort of a tomb carved inside of a mountain. In any other situation, wandering into such a place wouldn’t have affected him much. But now, as he lay bound here, he felt a sense of prickling wrongness. As his eyes flew over the coffins spread over the ground, his nerves tingled uneasily. There were two coffins by either side of him. And if Derigor’s ears didn’t deceive him … He almost thought he heard something, something faint, emit from inside of the two of them…

What the hell’s going on?!

“What is this place?” he shrieked, his eyes darting between the two coffins on either side.

The cloaked men stood about in the spaces between the coffins ahead of him. Their hoods were drawn and they stood still, all of them looking at their leader crouching in front of Derigor. 

“What do you want with me?” demanded Derigor. Ignoring him, Zardin slowly straightened up and pulled out his z-com from his robe pocket. He pressed a few buttons, and a large holographic screen enlarged over the device. Derigor got a glimpse of the screen, and saw something that looked like a report in it. Zardin stared into the strange report like screen for a few silent seconds. Then, his head swinging about to face Derigor, he slowly walked up to where he lay on the ground, and set the z-com to the floor right in front of him. 

Derigor continued to stare at the eyeless, ghastly fiend for a moment, before looking down at the screen placed in front of him. 

His eyes were frozen over the holo screen for a long second. And then something seemed to churn at the base of his stomach, as he realised what he was staring at. What this screen now held. 

“It can’t be.” he whispered, still staring at the screen. “This is file D.” He wrenched his eyes from the screen and looked up at Zardin. “How did you get hold of it?” 

Zardin stood in silence for a long moment, his blank eyesockets locked over Derigor. 

“You should know.” he said finally, his lips curving in a smile. “File D was a file that was classified above top secret. It was so secret that not even the entire high council is allowed to know of it. The knowledge of the file, along with its responsibility, is secretly kept by only one member in the high council at any time. That particular member guards the file with utmost secrecy. And after his time, he hands it over to his successor in the high council … he passes on to his successor in the council the responsibility to guard the file, and the format required to de code the file, which has been kept encrypted.” 

He gave a short pause, and his unpleasant smile curved longer. “And you, Derigor, are the one now bearing the responsibility of guarding the file. But being a little over protective and precautious, you decided that the file deserved a far better protection. And so, you contacted your dear friend, the president of Dragor, and entrusted him with the responsibility of keeping this. You thought he would do a better job of safekeeping it than you could.” Zardin nodded. “He did … until I came into the picture, of course.”

Derigor stared at the screen, feeling his mind halt entirely in shock at this latest twist. File D… 

This was the single most important and heavily guarded item the entire organisation owned. None of the members of the high council who had guarded the file before him were aware of what the secrecy behind the file was for. And neither did they know what its contents were: the file had been encrypted. Though the code was known to them, the people guarding the file were forbidden from de coding it and reading it themselves. Such was the level of secrecy surrounding it… 

Zardin strode forward, drawing his sword from behind. Derigor gasped in shock, but the mystic struck at his handcuffs, shattering them. 

Derigor rubbed his wrists where he’d been cuffed all along, and then looked up at Zardin. He was smiling. 

“Now, you know what to do.” He gestured to the screen before Derigor. “The file is encrypted. And the only one at present who knows the format of de coding it, is you.”

Derigor himself was surprised at the sudden rush of boldness within him. “I won’t.”

Zardin showed no reaction, but merely tilted his head in an innocent, childlike manner. “Won’t you?”

“Do everything you like with me,” snarled Derigor, his tone filled with contempt. “but you can’t make me de code the file.”

Zardin continued to gaze at him, his head tilted, for a quiet second. The rest of the cloaked men were standing about the place, observing the happening in silence.

And then Zardin smiled. “That’s where you’re wrong. We can make you de code the file.” He made a gesture to two of the men behind Derigor. The two of them nodded and stormed forward. 

So be it, then. Derigor stood up, turning to face the two cloaked figures. “Do all you like with me, and see if I crack!” 

But the men walked right past him without touching him. They sank to their knees before the two coffins on either side. As Derigor watched, perplexed, they tore off the lids of the coffins, revealing a mummified body each within them. The two men reached in and tore off the mummy wrapping covering both faces. And trapped alive and bound within the coffins, staring out of them with terror soaked eyes, were Martha and Garen. 


3




Every muscle in Derigor’s body had seized in horror. 

His breathing fallen to a stall, he gaped from one coffin to the other. He now knew why he had heard something from both those coffins. 

“No…” he started towards the coffin where his bound son Garen lay, but the two Xeni reached for him and grabbed him. 

“Let them go!” he growled at Zardin, as he wrestled to free himself from the two men. 

Zardin slowly turned, the nasty smile on his face now alive with malice, and walked forward. Derigor stopped struggling and stood still as the monster stepped right in front of him. 

“Don’t.” he pleaded softly. “Let them go.”

Zardin seemed to spare a moment to consider his words, then nodded. “Don’t worry. I will.” He took a step sideways, closer to where Martha lay bound inside the coffin. “But where I let them go … is upto you.”
	
“No! Please –” 

“The file.” Zardin’s tone went solid with seriousness. “De code it. We’ve long wanted to see what it says… and I think you have as well.”

Derigor felt the world spin around him. This can’t be happening. His eyes flickered between both the coffins.

Zardin waited, watching him keenly. Then, he raised his sword, and ignited it. 

The horror rose within Derigor as he looked at the shining orange blade. 

Zardin brought the sword hanging over the coffin by the right … over Martha, who began to scream wildly. 

“Please, don’t!” squealed Derigor, resuming his struggle against the two cloaked figures holding him back. 

Zardin continued to stand there with the glowing blade hovering over Gartha’s coffin. Her terrified screams seemed to run like a blade through Derigor, who was helplessly wrestling against the two men.

“The pain is not in dying.” Zardin swung his arm around, now letting the tip of his ignited sword dangle dangerously over Garen’s coffin. “The pain is in living … I will make it so. I’ll kill them, and let you live.”

“Ok! Ok! I’ll do it!” screamed Derigor, holding his arm outstretched towards Zardin. “Now please … please let them go.”

Zardin looked at him for a moment with those blank sockets, the light from his sword flickering over his sinister features. And then he doused the sword and slid it back into its sheath. 

The two men holding Derigor stopped restraining him and stepped aside. 

“Good choice.” said Zardin, and he gestured to the z-com on the ground with the holo screen hanging over it. 

  
Derigor clutched his sobbing wife and son by either side. Zardin was standing before him with the z-com in his hand, the same holo screen frozen in the air over it. He was silently reading the file. File D. 

Derigor had finished de coding it a minute or two back, after which the men had freed Martha and Garen. 

The rest of the cloaked men stood just as still as ever around the place, all their attention focussed on their leader. Zardin peered into the holo screen with his eyeless sockets for an entire minute. Then, slowly lowering the device, he smiled at Derigor from over the screen. 

“Thank you, good man.” he said. 

Derigor held Martha and Garen tighter, while they shook with sobs. “Please … don’t kill us.”

Zardin threw his head back and let out a roar of laughter that left unpleasant echoes within the large cave. 

“Kill you?” he scoffed. “That wouldn’t be half as cruel as letting you live to watch what comes next. You’ve done us a great favour. Now … watch.”

His blank eyesockets darted from Martha to Garen. 

“Cherish your loved ones,” he said sweetly. “For you never know when they might be gone…”

And with that, he turned and strode down the large place. The rest of the cloaked figures followed after him. And without another look at the family sitting in a shivering huddle in the middle of the tomb, the Xeni swept from the place. They boarded the ship that awaited at the far edge of the large chamber. Seconds later, the ship’s engine revved to life, and it jumped off the ground, soaring off through the minute hole at the peak of the mountain they now lay amidst.

__________


Inside of the ship, utter silence pervaded. Zardin stood in the middle of the hull, with the other Xeni standing about him. Through the screen ahead, the vast blue of the sky was washed off by the pitch black of space: The ship had escaped the planet’s atmosphere. 

Zardin’s thoughts were still revolving around the file he had just read, which now lay locked inside the z-com in his pocket. The file had been meant to give them a lead towards the goal they were now after: the information stored in file D was meant to aid them in their search for the creeper. 

And it had…

Zardin now knew where he was. 

Very shortly, they would be united. 

And when they were … the world stood no chance. None at all. 


4




For half an hour or so, the four of them had been roaming the magnificent temple. Ion followed Mantra and the other two as they now returned to the very basement, a large furniture – less hall. Masters were standing about in small groups and talking, while others casually strolled by. At the very front of the hall stood the double doored entrance to the temple. 

Mantra had his hands behind his back, walking a few steps ahead of the three students. He had his eyes on the ground before him, giving the strange impression of being deep in thought. Ion, Qyro and Vestra walked along behind, observing a short spell of silence. Ion noticed two of the elder council at the other end of the large hall. He recognised one of them to be Dantox, the gold haired Brownling. 

“Is something wrong, master?”
 
Mantra needed a second to register Vestra’s question. 

“Of course not.” he said with a half glance back. 

Vestra looked at him worriedly.

“The temple is completely off the grid of public transport.” Ion said. “when you guys go for missions – “

“How do we find transport?” Mantra completed, turning to face him. He smiled. “In all honesty, we try and worry about it only when we do go for missions.”

“And that leaves us pretty much nothing to worry about.” Qyro mumbled. 

“Mostly we use the vehicle shed we have here in the temple.” Vestra illuminated. “It has a group of hover cars and bikes. Power drives are also available with it.”

“But this planet’s literally at the edge of the realm.” Ion cocked his head slightly. “It should take you longer to get to a mission and back than the mission does itself.”

Mantra chuckled and turned back ahead. “Like I said … we worry about it when we do go for missions.”

“You’re low on missions, are you?” Ion found it surprising to believe, in this age full of crime and injustice. 

“No.” Mantra shook his head as he walked on. “We’re low on chances of returning alive.”

Vestra gave a short chuckle. 
 
“It’s a struggle, pal.” said Qyro. “That’s what it is.”

“But even here,” Mantra said. “at a point in time where our survival is threatened, there have been those who have fought so hard against the injustice. Persevering to upkeep the Nyon’s spirit. And its fight against the breeding darkness … a fight against all odds.”

“Like yourself?” Ion asked cockily. 

“No.” Mantra stopped and faced Ion again. The two of them stood facing each other for a quiet moment. “Like your master.” 

“Jedius?” Ion said, eyebrows rising. 

Mantra merely smiled, and then continued walking. 

The three of them were now striding down the large hall towards its other end. 

“There are some things that are far greater than they seem.” Mantra said suddenly. “Some things that are far honourable than they seem, and far more noble. But at the same time, by far harder.” He sighed. “And leading another in the right path is one of those things.” He shook his head. “There has been no task that I have faced, in eight thousand years of the brotherhood’s history, that is possibly harder than leading our younger ones. But there is nothing possibly more important than it either.”

“We weren’t that bad, Vestra and I, were we?” asked Qyro. 

Mantra laughed softly. “There is no exception to the rule. We undertake the greatest burden to pave way for the newer generation. But out of our pain, we uncover the single greatest gifts at times.”

He stopped and faced them for the final time. His gaze slowly roved over the three of their faces.

“When I see the three of you, the younger generation of today … I see a reflection of yesterday.” His eyes found Ion, and a smile kindled upon his wizened features. “Jedius and Arigon. The two brothers were the gems of yesterday … and they have paved way for where we stand now.”

“Arigon?” Ion repeated, surprised. “Jedius never told me he had a brother.”

Mantra sighed. “I’m pretty sure he didn’t.”

“What do you mean?” asked Ion. “Where is he now?”

Mantra turned and continued walking. “A far better place.”

Ion was overridden with shock … the fact that Jedius had had a brother whom he had lost as well … It seemed to kindle some kind of connection between him and his passed master … a connection deeper than anything their years together could have forged. 

“It was exactly one generation before you.” Mantra explained, as the three of them followed him from behind. “The Nyon were greatly diminished, and our ranks shrunken. We were facing a time where our existence was more of liability to the world than a boon, as it still is. But your master Jedius was unshaken in his faith. He was a man who dreamt of changing our world, and returning harmony to it. But alas … we were hardly at harmony within our own selves. We were hunted down and threatened. Nearly at the brink of collapse.”

“And we still are.” added Qyro, to which Vestra nodded.

“Jedius wanted to bring peace to our divided realm.” went on Mantra. “But alas, his dreams went in vain … Our world could not be healed by one man alone. The loss of hope in his goal caused Jedius great pain … But not nearly the pain of what fate hurled at him next.” 

He gave a soft sigh, while the three others followed him down the hall. “The Naxim had made a fine catch that day, when they tracked down and caught Arigon in the middle of a mission he had been sent in. And that fateful night, one of our greatest warriors was lost … And another great warrior saw himself reduced to half.”

Ion listened, feeling sympathy stir inside of him. 

“Arigon was the one thing in this world that Jedius treasured more than anything life could have given him. Fate snatched from him what he loved most.” Mantra’s voice was traced with sorrow that echoed his own. “But through his brother’s death, Jedius awoke to a new vision … a more powerful vision. His dream of carving a better, safer world was renewed with fervour like no other. But he now saw what he needed to do. And it brought him the need to sacrifice much.”

“What?” asked Ion.

“He needed to sacrifice his dream, if he wanted to fulfill it.” Mantra said. “For the Nyon needed him in its present fight … But not as much as the future needed him. Jedius saw that only in finding and training younger ones could he fulfil his wish. And so, he left us … and found someone who needed him more.”

He turned and looked at Ion, who held his deep gaze for a quiet moment. 

“And today,” His white eyes still fixed on Ion, Mantra nodded. “his efforts have paid off.”

Ion was temporarily speechless. Jedius’s life … the pain he had faced … the fact that he had lost a brother as well … the two of them now seemed linked in a way that went beyond what he had thought earlier. He now saw that he was on a path that his master had striven for, and lived for. And in no means at all would Ion see it go in vain. 

Mantra gave another sigh, and Ion sensed something a quiet turbulence within the elderly master. 

“Master?” Vestra asked softly. 

Mantra nodded. 

“Is everything all right? You seem a little…” She looked at Qyro hesitantly. 

“Awry?” Mantra chuckled softly.  “Yes, I usually am.” 

He swept his gaze over the large hall, before looking at the three of them again. 

“I think I’ll retire for the day.” he said. “Why don’t you two carry on and show Ion around the temple … I’ll head back to my room.”

Qyro and Vestra exchanged a glance, and then nodded. Beckoning to Ion to follow, the two of them turned and walked off down the large hall. 

Mantra stayed where he was, watching the three of them disappear at the end of the large hall. For a quiet moment, he surveyed the place about him. He then walked across the hall himself. 

__________


Having reached his room, Mantra quietly stood gazing before his window. In the silence, he tried to wade through his own thoughts. 

The train of events of the past day or so would have rattled anyone else in his place. Uncertainty and dread now blocked the path ahead, making it hard to see what waited ahead … Mantra could sense the turmoil and confusion both within him, and all around the spectrum. And all of it stemmed from one fact. 

The Xeni have returned.

The thought came with the same pinprick of agitation. Mantra sighed softly, placing one hand on the glass surface of the window in front. 

He had been seeing this coming for some time now…

For a few days, he had sensed a gathering agitation. Even now, through the silence, he could feel it churn within him. A disturbance unlike any he had felt before. There was a new shadow cast over the face of the world. 

Removing his hand from the glass surface, he turned and walked over to the centre of the room, where he sank to a seat on the floor. Closing his eyes, he let his mind fall to rest steadily. 

For a long time, Mantra sat there absorbed in the room’s silence. 

“Interrupting, am I?”

Mantra slowly turned around. Dantox stood at the room’s entrance. 

“Of course not.” Mantra replied. He beckoned to the spot next to him. 

Dantox walked over and sat by his side. He surveyed Mantra for a quiet moment. 

“I saw you with the three students just earlier on.” he said in a casual voice. 

Mantra nodded absently. 

Dantox seemed to hesitate for the meanest moment, before slowly asking, “Is something wrong?” 

Mantra shook his head. 

Dantox turned back, gazing at the forests outside the window for a while. 

“Earlier on,” Mantra said. “I was so scared for the crystal’s safety that taking it to Nalzes, no matter what the risk, seemed the only prudent option. But now, there seems to be no need to worry at all.”

“What do you mean?” Dantox looked at him. “The temple is the safest place for the crystal. There’s no way the Xeni would find us here.”

“That may be true. But it almost seems like the Xeni aren’t interested in finding it at all.”

Dantox frowned. “What makes you say that?” 

Mantra was quiet for a moment. 

“For some reason,” he said. “it appears that they are uninterested with the crystal at present … that they are pre occupied with something else.”

Dantox continued to gaze out of the window, looking thoughtful. 

“But the question,” Mantra said. “is what?” He looked at Dantox slowly. “What are they engaged in, at present?” 

Dantox surveyed him for a long moment, before turning back to the window ahead. 

“What makes you say all this?” he asked. 

 “Oh, I don’t know.” Mantra laughed softly. “Maybe I’m just rambling.”

Dantox shook his head. “I think you’ve been a little on edge off late. Maybe you should stop spending too much time thinking over things you don’t have control over.”

Mantra chuckled. “Is there anything we actually have control over?”

He turned and looked at Dantox. “But that’s the last thing that should concern a man. What should concern a man is his response to his lack of control.”

Dantox heaved a deep sigh. 

“I can see what you’re going through, master.” he said. “Eight thousand years have passed … Their evil empire fell, and the survivors were left to die in Taurandor. But the enormity of the evil that they had wrought survived since,” He shook his head. “It has haunted this realm till today. And our brotherhood as well. Redgarn and the original members of the wretched order may be gone, but as long as their order still stands, this world will never be free.”

Mantra simply nodded and continued looking out the window. 

“And neither will we.” he said.

Dantox placed a hand on Mantra’s shoulder. “I know you’re a little concerned off late, my friend. I don’t pretend to completely understand why, but perhaps you should free your mind from all of this, engage yourself in something else.”

“Maybe I should.” Mantra replied. “As much as I hate to admit it.”

Dantox continued to gaze at him in a slightly concerned look. With a nod, he rose to his feet and headed for the door. He paused at the door and asked, “Where are Ion and the other two, by the way?”

“They’re still showing Ion around the temple.” Mantra said. “Giving him a feel of this place and its lifestyle.”

__________


“Coming here revolutionised our ways.” said Qyro, as he strode down the long corridor with Ion and Vestra by either side. “First off, this is a world where there’s nothing at all but precision … and discipline.”

They were walking down a corridor in the third storey. By the wall on the right, large windows hung, through which the forest outside could be viewed. Ion gazed out them as the three of them walked down the corridor.

“Our schedule starts at four in the morning.” went on Qyro, glancing back at Ion. “We wake up, get freshened and begin our training in less than half an hour.”

“Basically,” said Vestra. “we’re just going through an extension of the training we’re pretty sure you been through.”

They were right. Ion remembered the days he had spent with Jedius. They had not been very different at all. Disciple had been rigged into his ways the very same way it was here. And the steel of those days, which Jedius trained him with, was what helped him cope with everything he had been through, his dark past, and to help move past it. 

Qyro stopped for a moment and looked out one of the windows. He turned to Ion, gesturing to the vast clearing outside. “That’s where we usually go for combat practice. It goes on for hours together.” He stepped closer to the window, trying to get a glimpse of something by the side. “And there’s a lake by the front … we can’t see it from here.”

“Yeah, I know.” said Ion. “We crossed it on our way to the temple.”

“Well, that’s where we meditate.” said Vestra.

“Who trains you?” asked Ion. “Mantra?”

“We have more than one master.” replied Vestra. “And yeah, Mantra’s one of them.”

Ion looked at her in surprise. “That’s odd. I can’t imagine being trained by more than one master at once.”

Qyro stopped trying to glimpse the lake and turned. 

“I thought so too, when I first came here.” He nodded. “But there’s the difference, see. The way stray mystics are raised, and the way mystics are raised here in the brotherhood.”

“What’s the difference there?” asked Ion. 

“In the world of the stray mystic, the training of a young person isn’t given much importance.” Qyro explained. “At least not as much as it deserves. To a mystic outside of the Nyon, finding just one other mystic is usually more than enough. One mentor is more than they can afford, in the threatened state of life they lead. And the attention given to the student would be compromised because of that fact.” Qyro glanced out the window again. “But here, we have all the attention to give to a student. Cause that’s the greatest priority the brotherhood has of now. We’re hard finding students, and if we do, we need to train them in our ways, and well.”

“And that isn’t hard doing for us,” said Vestra, who had her arms folded before her. “because that’s the most we can do for now.”

“And so,” continued Qyro. “The Nyon are keen on devoting their focus to a student that they get. And to add to that, they have a practically overwhelming student teacher ratio.”

“We’ve got only masters, and almost no students.” said Vestra. “And so, the masters devote all they can to the students they get. We have different masters for different aspects of our training.” She gave a moment’s thought. “For instance, Mantra teaches us the most important of them all: meditation. Galinor takes us for combat.”

Ion looked down the wilderness coming at the far end of the green expanse out the window. The sun was still hung high on the sky. It lay obscured behind a large puffy cloud, so that only a meek portion of its dazzling orange was visible. 

Ion drew his eyes back inside the hall and looked at the other two. “You guys really are an achievement.” 

“What?”

“The fact that Nyon survived for eight thousand years, through all these tough times…” He shook his head. “It’s nothing short of an achievement.”

Qyro gave a chuckle. “We all know it is.” 

“But it’s not the achievement it should have been, is it?” asked Vestra darkly.

“What do you mean?” asked Ion.

“The Nyon were meant to be far more than what they are now.” said Vestra. “They were meant to keep the spectrum under a blanket of peace and justice.” As she spoke, her gaze carried out the window. “We were meant to be protectors of this world. But at this point, at this fragmented state, we’re far from it. We can hardly protect ourselves, can we?” 

“Well, we’re doing our best.” Qyro contradicted her. “And that’s more than we should afford right now. At this anti mystic age. The masters go for missions to stomp out trouble wherever we can.” 

“And does it really make a difference?” asked Vestra, raising an eyebrow as she looked at him. “The difference it should have been making?”

Ion thought she was rather making a point. The glory of the Nyon in the day of the empire was well known. Their efficient struggle against crime and evil was said to hold no bars at all to the vastness of the entire spectrum. They were the ones who helped guard and protect the empire single handedly, moulding the spectrum into a state of peace like nothing before. But now, they could hardly protect themselves from the Naxim. And whatever feeble crime fighting they were pulling through … It was a miserably futile affair in a world full of crime and injustice. 

“And we’ve come to a stage where the masters can barely step out for a mission.” continued Vestra. “The entire brotherhood has found itself in the hitlist of the Naxim, and we’ve hardly been able to touch most of the planets in the inner spectrum since then. At this point,” She shrugged. “we could as well have not existed. That’s the state we’ve been brought to now.”

“We’ve got have a lot of enemies to blame for that.” said Ion. 

“From the Naxim to the states of the inner spectrum, we’ve got nothing but enemies.” said Qyro. He frowned after a moment’s thought. “And we’ve just gotten a new one recently.”

They moved on down the corridor, explaining their current plight, and how they were barely able to perform the duty that the Nyon had been meant for. 

“Have the two of you been sent for missions, much?” Ion asked them. 

“Rarely.” said Vestra. “Even if they did, the masters sent us for missions only for training purposes. To give us experience.”

“But they make sure it isn’t more than we can handle.” added Qyro, wearing a discontented scowl as he said it. “They don’t wanna risk losing the two only students they’ve got.”

“Except in the one exception that you just saved us from.” said Vestra. 

As they came upon the centre of the long corridor, they headed into a small room by the left. Ion followed them out the balcony’s door, and found himself standing in a large platform stretching out from the end of the room. It was a balcony, but unlike any Ion had seen before. The gigantic circular expansion was so wide it could have been used for ship parking. 

He saw a few cloaked figures spread out over it, most of them training. Two of the pairs were practicing with swords. Three of them sat at desolate corners, their eyes closed in meditation. Gentle brushed of wind tousled Ion’s hair as he stood in the enormous expanse. 

“This is another place we train in.” Qyro informed Ion. “My favourite one, as a matter of fact.”

“We also use it for meditating and a host of other things,” Vestra said, gesturing to the meditating figures. 

“Yeah, so it could get a little crowded at points,” said Qyro, raising both hands to gesture to the masters around them. “like it is now.”

Ion scanned the large balcony, watching all of the Nyon keenly engrossed in their own working. 

“But we usually come here at the early morning,” went on Qyro. “to start the training. And that’s usually when there’s no one at all around. So we have the whole place for ourselves. I remember learning it all here.”

He swung his hands in a wild wave. A heat wave like disturbance burst from the air in front of him, gliding past the balcony and then disappearing beyond it. 

“Oh, come on, the smash is amateur stuff.” said Vestra, shaking her head. “Some of the masters here can conjure a blaze.”

“A blaze?” asked Qyro, turning to her.

“It means to conjure fire out of thin air.” she explained. “It’s one of the hardest mystical fighting devices, and can usually be done only in extreme pressure.”

Ion looked past the balcony for a moment. A gruesome, twisting sensation had seized his insides. He heaved a deep breath, steadying himself. For a few seconds, he silently watched the duel between one of the sword pairs: a middle aged Elfling and a Blackling. The two of them were locked in a rapid dance of orange lights: they moved faster than humanely possible, their ignited swords swirling like ropes of fire. Sparks burst around them as their swords clashed repeatedly. 

Ion couldn’t help feel a silent awe at the mindblowing skill that they displayed.  The three disciples let their attention divert to the duel for a few quiet minutes, watching as it slowly dragged itself to the centre of balcony, growing tenser. It carried on for what felt like ten minutes, with neither of them letting their prowess slacken even a bit. The black fur on the Blackling rippled as he jumped, dodged, ducked and struck wildly at his opponent, who fought back just as aggressively. The two of them moved so fast, they almost seemed to flick from spot to spot, their motions a blur and their ignited swords spinning in a frenzy. 

The Blackling’s blade swept around in a wild slash that would have taken his opponent’s head off, if he hadn’t leapt back in a split second’s notice. But the Elfling recovered from the staggering motion in the slightest effort, lunging forth with a snarl on his face … his sword shining in brilliant orange. A steely cling sounded, and the Blackling’s sword was sent flying off: The Elfling’s blade had clipped it by the bottom and wrenched it from the man’s hold. The Blackling’s eyes, for the meanest second, had followed his sword as it went twisting into the air. But the very next second, before he could complete a flinch, the Elfling’s sword was held before his neck. 

A faint patter of clapping ensued from some of the masters around who’d been watching this. The two masters concluded their training duel with a deep bow, before the Blackling picked his sword back up and sheathed it. 

Qyro turned to Ion with a grin. “Believe me, you haven’t seen duelling until you’ve seen Mantra duel.”

“Mantra?” Ion needed a moment to construct a mental scene of the elderly master dancing around with an ignited sword. “Is he good?”

“Good?” asked Vestra, smiling. “He’s the best there is.”

“You’d be surprised if I told you have the tricks he’s got up his sling.” said Qyro.  

Ion shrugged. “Well, he’s eight thousand years old.”

“Yeah, compare that to the few years we’ve trained.” said Qyro. “I’ve been here for just over a year, and the few years before as a stray mystic could hardly count.”

“Why’s that?” asked Ion. 

Qyro’s gaze went far off for a moment, as if in memory, and a dark look shadowed his red furred features. 

“Those were dangerous days.” he said quietly. “Before I joined the Nyon, my earlier master, Tralgor was all I knew. And we were two stray mystics wandering about the outer spectrum.” He paused for another moment’s thought. “The regions of the outer spectrum, as we went about it, was less friendly than you could actually believe. Apart from just trying to evade the Naxim constantly, we ran into a load of other deadly ventures. And we couldn’t have come close to dying any less than a dozen times.” 

“Sounds like the type of thing you would’ve loved.” said Ion honestly. 

“Of course I did.” admitted Qyro. “And  I’ve gotta hand it, despite all the fear, all the dread and uncertainty back then, the thrill of it compensated for it all.”

“Thrill?” asked Vestra, with an amused laugh. “Trying to not to be found and killed by the Naxim every single day? That should have been wonderfully thrilling.”

“What’s the fun in life without a little risk?” asked Qyro, shrugging. “As my master used to say. The two of us used to have a blast throughout. Through all those dangerous instances that could’ve turned real painful.”

Ion found it evident that Qyro’s blatant love for adventure and danger was something he had found from his earlier master.

“Tell us about one of these adventures of yours.” said Vestra. 

Qyro thought for a second, and then looked at her with a wild grin. “I’ve got one you won’t believe.” He shifted his gaze from her to Ion. “Try running into a bunch of Ensys.”

“Ensys?” hissed Vestra, the bright look on her face dying into one of shock.

Ion knew that the Ensys were one of the many non man being species. And among non man beings, they were among the more dreaded and feared ones. But as Mantra had said earlier, they had gone completely off the known portion of the spectrum after the onslaught of Redgarn’s empire. “But where’d you find them?” 

“We didn’t.” Qyro shook his head. “They found us. They move very rarely, but in one of the few times they did, we crossed them in a planet, Halios, far out into the outer spectrum. It’s pretty close to where they actually hide. But when they crossed us, we met their leader, Rigmrr.”

“Rigmrr?” Ion cocked an eyebrow. 

But Qyro shuddered, the light in his face now fading. “Oh, believe me … he was a nasty one. He was the Ensys’ complete, sovereign King. We found out that much. They completely abide and go by him. He’s like their god. And one mean god that was. And the fact that he was ailing with an incurable disease didn’t make him and the monsters in his command any friendlier.” He shuddered again, and a frown contracted his brow. “Non man beings are all the same wad of trouble that you don’t actually need to go looking for.” 

Something in his features betrayed a sense of cold anger at this subject of non man beings. Though Ion found it rather curious, he knew Qyro couldn’t be blamed for it: apart from being inhuman in their physical forms, the non man beings were beastly and slightly dangerous as well, at times. Fear and hatred of them was shared and common to all people of the spectrum. 

Qyro now fixed his attention on the other duel taking place across the other side of the large balcony. 

“After spending an entire life of hiding and running, I can tell you this,” he said, as he watched the duel. “This is home.” 

He turned to Vestra, who stood gazing past the forest beyond the balcony. “Wouldn’t you agree?”

Still looking past the forests, Vestra gave a soft sigh. “I would love to. But I haven’t spent my entire life running and hiding, unlike you. This was my home all along.”

“Of course not. I forgot.” said Qyro, bringing his attention back to the other duel across the balcony. 

It was between two younger looking masters, probably in their thirties. One of them was a species he couldn’t identify, with a violet skin colour, while the other was an Iveling. Their motions were considerably slower than the earlier one, but they were a sight to watch nevertheless as their orange swords spun wildly, clashing and sparking. 

But Ion wasn’t watching it: he turned to Vestra, frowning, as the implication of what she had just said fully registered. 

“So you … weren’t a mystic when before you joined the Nyon?”

Vestra said nothing for a few seconds, and Ion wondered if she hadn’t heard him. Then she slowly brought her gaze to him. 

“No, I wasn’t.” she said. “I came here to become one.”

Ion felt a second of confusion as he worked his way around what he had heard. Then, shock overran the confusion. 

“You mean…” he said slowly. “you mean you chose to become a mystic?”

Vestra was quiet for a second, her gaze still lost in the wilderness spreading beyond the balcony. 

“It wasn’t an overly easy choice, you could say.” she said with a broken chuckle. 

Ion felt his own gaze drift to the forests as well. The fact that a person chose this life … chose this path, a path filled with nothing but dangers, darkness and uncertainties, a path that was dreaded and hated by the rest of the world, left him startled. 

He remembered what Qyro had told him earlier on in the cruiser, of Vestra approaching and joining the Nyon. When it usually happened the other way around. 

“She was facing her share of suffering…” Ion remembered him saying. 

He looked at Vestra, whose gaze was still distant. But something seemed to stir in the depths of her black eyes as she watched the horizon. A strange, thrumming emotion. 

Was it grief?

With another soft sigh, she joined Qyro in watching the other duel across the balcony, evidently unkeen on pursuing the subject. 

But Ion had deduced enough. 

Vestra had joined the Nyon for the greater good of helping this world. She had sacrificed a normal, carefree life for this … And it had cost her something along the way. 

Ion flashed back to that day, two years back… 

And he couldn’t at all find it hard to believe that this was her…

The girl who had changed him from a senseless murderer to a good person.

The girl he had fallen in love with. 


5



Terinoz, Outer spectrum

Stroking his chin absent mindedly, Zardin stood on the rocky terrain. The ground ran forth as far as could be seen in its rugged format, with miniature plateaus and hills rising all across it. Above, the sun lay frozen in the middle of the sky. Spread around over the small elevated portion of the land he now stood over, were a half dozen other cloaked men. One of them sat by the edge of the outgrowth Zardin stood over. Their ship was resting on a smooth portion of the rugged landscape at the distance. 

Zardin tucked his hand into his pocket and felt his fingers clasp around a small pen like device. He withdrew the mineral detector, the one they had stolen from the Mech laboratory, and held it before him, rotating it between his fingers. 

After obtaining the treasured information that they had been seeking in file D, the lot of them had come here to this planet. After arriving, with the help of the sophisticated mineral detector that he now held, he had traced a region with a high concentration of a mineral which lay hidden deep down in the bowels of the planet. A region with a high concentration of a particular, extremely rare mineral, known as Xarenol.

They now knew what to do. 

They needed to dig their way into the earth. And reach this Xarenol filled region…

And there, the creeper would be awaiting them. He was trapped somewhere under the earth, where he had been all along. Unable to free himself for being a cripple, he had used his mystical powers to contact Zardin that day, and saved his life in return for having him found and freed. And Zardin was now here … and he was going to find and rescue someone who would be the greatest gain for the Xeni. 

“But how, sire?” 

Zardin turned slowly to face the source of the voice. The Xeni who had been sitting by the side was now standing before him, his arms folded.

“How do we proceed now?” he asked.

Zardin turned back, lifting his head to the sky overhead them. The clear blue expanse was fazed with streaks of white clouds. “I fail to understand your concern, Ferio.”

“The region that we located, where the mineral is found … it’s hidden almost miles beneath the earth.” Ferio paused to phrase himself. “How are we going to reach it?  We would need greatly advanced tools, to drill our way through.”

Zardin continued to hold his head raised towards the sky for a moment, before turning and fixing his blank eyesockets on Ferio, who visibly fought the impulse to flinch. 

“Everything has been well taken care of.” he said, feeling his lips curve. “We will reach the region where the Xarenol is. And quite easily too.”

Ferio seemed to teeter at the edge of speech again, before deciding better of it and falling silent with a bow. 

Zardin raised his head towards the sky again. The glare of the sun would have proved detrimental to someone else. Someone who had eyes. But he stood there facing the sky and the mid day sun above for minutes, without even the need to blink. Ferio stood beside him in equal silence, as did the rest of the cloaked figures. 

Zardin allowed the silence to linger for a long time, before speaking. 

“The Oristor republic had been spending its resources in crafting their armed forces. They recently finished with the first battalion of ships, Rash-cons and an arsenal of other powerful machinery. Having completed it, they were transporting the battalion in a vessel from its planet of manufacture to the republic’s capital.” He slowly turned to face Ferio. “The vessel went off track a few minutes back. It had gone off range in the course of its travel mysteriously, and there is not the slightest clue of where it now is.” He gave a soft sigh. “Poor Oristor republic.”

Ferio was listening with an attentive frown. 

“So…” he asked very slowly. “where’d it go?”

Zardin turned to face the sky again, spreading his hands. “Here, of course.”

And a small dot appeared on the clear blue sky, enlargening slowly. The vessel zoomed in size rapidly as it approached. It came shooting down from the sky at high speed, its beak angled towards the earth. The rest of the Xeni standing around turned and faced the magnificent, giant vessel, watching as it dived down right to where all of them stood. 

Its speed dropping rapidly as it approached ground, it circled the expanse that they stood around twice, before swerving and falling to a gentle, hovering stop over a levelled portion of the land hundred feet away. 

Zardin watched as the doors at the base of the giant vessel opened and a group of cloaked figures slowly trickled out of it. He turned to Ferio, whose face carried a mixture of surprise and awe. 

The group of cloaked men who came out of the cruiser slowly crossed the distance between, and came to stand before Zardin in a line. Zardin stood facing them for a long moment, before giving a slight nod. 

“Good.”

They sank in a bow as one. 

“It was rather easy, lord.” said the one standing in front. “The ship was automated. We just had to sneak in, and overrun the automation. We destroyed its tracking system, and all video recording.”

“There was nothing within to guard it except a bunch of Rash-cons.” said another, smiling gleefully. “They clearly didn’t expect something of a real threat. Not like us, anyway. 

“Their loss. And their loss is our gain.” said Zardin. “We are now under control of an entire battalion of armed forces. And it is complete with warships and an arsenal of machines.” He gestured to the giant vessel. “Bring the drilling machine out.”

 
The group of Xeni stood at the front of their ship, watching as the large, intimidating machine bored into the earth with fury. The ground seemed to quake as it did. A pillar of dusty, brown smoke released from the earth where it drilled through. The heavy, grinding noise drew on endlessly as the machine dug through the earth with its giant driller. Zardin and the rest of the entire group of Xeni stood patiently in front of their ship, waiting and watching. The hole that was being carved would be as wide as a large as a large well. 

Some of the Xeni covered their ears, wincing at the sound of the heavy drilling. But Zardin stood just as composed as he ever was, enjoying every second of it…

When it was done, they had removed the giant machine, revealing the tunnel it had dug through the earth. The bunch of Xeni stood around the giant hole in the ground, surveying it. The tunnel seemed to drop on endlessly, fading into darkness beyond a point. It was large enough for a hover car to fly through. Zardin turned and faced his men. 

“You three,” He waved his finger across to three of them, whose attentions sharpened quickly. “go bring a hover car from the cruiser.”

They bowed and then scurried away. 

“The rest of you,” Zardin called, turning around to look about all of them. “wait here … I will go in, and finish what I started long back. When I emerge from the hole …” A lingering pause followed his words, and Zardin smiled again. “The Order of Xeni would have gained someone who will take us to a new level of power.”

The group of them slowly backed away from the large tunnel. In less than a minute, a hover car emerged from an entrance at the top of the cruiser, gliding towards them. A slight lash of wind occurred it soared closer. The car came to a stall right before Zardin, and hovered in mid air before him. The front door swung open and Zardin climbed into it, seating himself by the right of one of the three men, while the other two sat behind. 

“Take us through the tunnel.” he ordered the Xeni beside him, who was piloting the car. The man nodded and turned back to the controls in front of him. He steered the wheel, so that the car turned over and leapt right into the hole. The tunnel seemed to spawn endlessly as the hover car dropped through it at a controlled pace. The car’s headlights lit the way down for a few hundred feet, so that if they arrived at the bottom, they could see it beforehand. Now that they were here at last, Zardin felt a tingle of anticipation. He knew that once the Xeni drew this man into their ranks, their journey would begin… 

The rumble of the car’s engine carried loud and clear over the silence as they plummeted miles through the tunnel. And then, after what felt much longer than it actually was, the car’s headlights shone over solid ground at the base of the tunnel. 

We’re here.

The speed lowered so that as the end of the tunnel approached, they found themselves exiting the passageway into a large corridor adjacent to the tunnel. It was a man mad corridor, constructed miles below the earth. The hover car floated to a stop at the bottom of the corridor. As its engine died, the headlights went off so that total darkness engulfed the place again. 

The doors flew open and the four of them exited it warily. One by one, they drew their swords and ignited them. The orange shine of the four blades filled the corridor across both sides. Zardin could sense the other three looking about at this strange place they found in the middle of the earth, wondering what it was. But he knew what this was. It was home to the creeper. 

“So … where’s the Xarenol?” asked one of them in a hesitant undertone, looking at Zardin. 

“You’re standing in it.” replied Zardin. “This place is constructed of Xarenol.” 

And with that, he started down the corridor, letting his ignited blade light the path ahead. The other three hurried along in his wake, the light from their swords leaving a long shadow of Zardin to stretch on the ground in front. 


The passageway carried on and on. The four of them carried on in muted silence. Zardin could feel an air of great curiosity form among the other three, who were no doubt heavily intrigued by this strange place constructed close to the centre of the earth. It was crafted of mortar, but Zardin knew that it was imbibed and strengthened by the mineral Xarenol, which was the reason it still stood. 

The light from their blades cast a flickering glow over the walls that followed them as they waded forth…  

And finally, after traversing what could have been over a mile by foot, they found an exit to the passageway forming ahead of them, hidden behind a veil of darkness. The four of them walked forth, and the darkness melted as the light from their ignited swords reached the opening. And spreading beyond this corridor, they could see a giant chamber. 

The four of them stopped automatically at the entrance to look about. The ceiling rose almost twenty feet above the floor, and the entire place seemed to sprawl over the space of a large stadium. But what attracted Zardin’s attention here was a giant halo like encasing spread over the walls of the giant room, hanging in mid air. They were all glass like encasings, but Zardin knew that the material making them was far tougher than glass. Inside of each of the glass halos lay what looked like a puddle of sand. 

Zardin strode forth into the giant chamber, and the three others followed without asking. He crossed the giant chamber and reached the far end, where lay the only halo unlike the others: here, instead of sand inside it, a cloaked man sat. He had his back facing them, and his physique was resemblant to that of a skeleton, and nothing more at all: he looked as though he had starved his whole life. A tangle of matter hair fell from the back of his head. It was the creeper. He was sitting as still as stone. It was evident that he couldn’t move. He was crippled, and he could only allow his mystic mind to wander, but not his body. 

The glass like halo wrapping him reflected the light from their blades as they drew closer. Zardin paused a few feet from the halo in which the creeper was, and the three others fell to a stall right behind him. 

“You came.” he said in a rasping voice, a noise that sounded like a shovel scraping over dry soil. “Now … we will have our revenge together.”

“We most certainly will.” Zardin said, before directing his words at the men behind him. “There are mystics whose level of power transcends anything known before.” He slowly turned, to bring his blank eyesockets over the men, and went on. “The sheer extent of their powers can go completely ungrasped to others, who may gravely underestimate them. And among such mystics, there are those few whom even time cannot ravage. Whom nothing at all can ravage … and who can perform feats of such incredible awe that death itself withers before the extent of their powers. Such is the glory of this kind. Of the mystic mind. And sitting before us now, is a mystic of such extraordinary prowess. And he was gravely underestimated.” He paused, allowing the words to sink into the three of them. His lips then curved. “Men, this strange place we’re now at … is Taurandor, the ancient prison. And the man you see sitting in that halo … is the one known as Redgarn.”


6




“Taurandor was built during the golden age of mystics.” Sitting inside the halo, Redgarn explained in his slow, rasping voice. “The people who carved this ancient structure meant for it to never tarnish, and so they imbibed a substance of which the world had never seen before. They thrust me and all of the Xeni they could handle catching in here. But the manner of holding the prisoner was the most uncompromised ever. The halo you see me now in is a protective shield. It doesn’t wear through time, and can withstand infinite force from within it. But it is unlike any cage or prison, for the halo does far more than just hold its prisoner in. It as good as cripples them. Once placed in the halo, a person can’t move at all. The halo’s enchantments seal him within it, preventing any major motion. I was able to sustain myself over eight thousand years, because of my powers. But it wasn’t easy … it was beyond easy.

“I payed my price willingly, knowing that one day, I would set free … and avenge myself and the other of my brethren Xeni. For our defeat was pain above all else. The halos you see around you carry the remains of my brethren. The rest of the Xeni that they had captured were also sealed in here with me, and left to die. And die they did. But I knew that the loss of the Xeni order was meant to be avenged with the utmost fury. And so, I kept on. I mustered all of my mystical strength and fought the natural forces that ravage a man through time, and turn him to dust. I fought with all my heart and the mystic strength of my mind. I kept on knowing that one day, when the light at the tunnel’s end arrived, I would have the compensation for my pain, and return all of it to the world. The pain I carried for eight thousand years. Pain like no other … and now, I see my wish come true. You have done well.”

“And I did so only with the greatest pleasure.” Zardin gave a short bow. He could sense the frozen figures of the three men behind him. They hadn’t moved a whisker after what he had just said. The same, flabbergasted expression had fastened over their faces. 

He had felt the very same shock, the same rebounding shock years back, when it had happened. When he had been contacted by a mysterious force that had claimed call himself ‘the creeper’. But with the very touch of the strange force’s mind, Zardin had guessed that there was something far more terrifying than appeared, with this strange entity. Redgarn had then shown him the split second vision of his body in the halo. But with that vision came the compressed piece of information. Which told Zardin who he really was. He hadn’t told Zardin who he was … instead, he had shown him. To make him understand the sheer pricelessness of what he was facing, and what had found him. And understand it, Zardin truly had. 

For a few seconds, Zardin had been utterly speechless, as the effect of the surprise reverberated across his being. The creeper had said, “We will finish what the great Redgarn started eight millennia back…” He then came to realise that this was him. This was the great Redgarn, seeking help so as to finish what he had started himself. And it was at that moment that the decision sprang within Zardin, coming with a burning will like no other. He decided to devote himself to the cause of finding and rescuing Redgarn. And then, together, tearing the world apart and filling it with the wreckage of their revenge. It had been the single brightest moment of his entire life. And he knew now, that Redgarn was being repayed with the very same feeling of joy as his rescuer arrived.

“I found you years back, and I saw that your soul was consumed with the same, burning rage as mine.” Redgarn’s rasping slowed now, allowing a calmer tone to take over his voice. “I gave you the freedom you asked for using my mystical powers, and reconstructed your body to allow it to be inhabited by your soul. It had been the one chance I had been waiting for, for eight millennia. You see, what I had done years back was no easy feat. I could touch your consciousness and connect to it in the manner in which I did back then only for one reason: that the two of us were melded into one. Our beings shared the same torch, the same desire of madness and revenge that allowed us to meld into one … we were possessed of the same sense of fury that wove us into the very same. And so, I could reach out for you and connect to you, something I could not have done with any other being. It was the chance I had been waiting for, over eight agonizing millennia. I wanted revenge like nothing in my life, and so did you … and so, I found myself through you.” A growl compressed with an eight millennial rage sounded through his tone. “And now, we head out into the world … and show them that the two of us, together, are terror incarnated.”

Zardin felt the joy of victory wipe out all else from his mind. The moment was here at long last, and the beauty of it, the beauty of triumph … it was the sweetest feeling in the world. He had done it. 

He remembered the long hard slog he had been through to get here, starting that day he had woken up in the desert, to now. He remembered all of it. All that came in between. 

File D…

As two words passed his mind, he felt his lips curve in a smile. File D had been a top secret file made by the Naxim when they had been founded eight millennia back. Redgarn had been imprisoned in Taurandor by the laws of the Sirengard, which forbade death penalty. But when the Naxim had been founded, they saw a threat looming over them. It was the very same threat that Zardin had now brought to life today: they had feared that Redgarn, who had been sealed away in Taurandor, would be capable of further mayhem despite being imprisoned. They had known his true powers, and what he was capable of. But the prison had been sealed and it had been too late for them to do anything about it. And so, channelling their fear, they had created a file that held the location of the prison, Taurandor, and had kept it as top secret as could be. Nobody could know of it. Nobody could know the location of Redgarn’s imprisonment. For the Naxim were aware that the Order of Xeni was not completely gone … and that they were still searching for a means to release their founder. For eight thousand years, the file had been kept secured. For eight thousand years, Redgarn’s rescue had been postponed … but now, at long last, the moment was here. The Naxim, the Nyon … the ancient empire of Sirengard. All of their efforts had now been flushed in complete vain. Redgarn had now been found. And the moment was here for the victory the Xeni had always been destined for… 

“The time is now here.” Zardin said, feeling a deadly vigour pump through his veins. “At long last. The world has been awaiting us. Awaiting you.”

Redgarn gave a harsh rumble of laughter. 

“I know it has.” he said, his dead voice now ignited with fervour. “The halo that I am in has but one weakness: a mystic’s sword. The ignited blade of a mystic’s sword is the only thing that can break open this cursed shell that they imprisoned me in, and set me free. And when  I’m released from the halo that stumps my mind and body’s motion, I would no longer be the cripple I have been for eight millennia now. I will be physically free again … and that would be the single turning point of this spectrum. Do it, Zardin. It’s long past time. Do it.”

Striding forward swiftly with his sword held raised, Zardin stopped right before the halo. He allowed himself the passing span of a second to relish it, relish the moment, and he heaved in a deep, relieving breath. Then, holding his sword by both hands, he swung it across in a wild slash. The very instant his ignited sword touched the halo, the entire casing shattered into a hundred sharded pieces. The skeletal figure collapsed to the ground with a groan. Zardin thought to rush over and pick him up, before deciding against it, and stood where he was. 

Redgarn lay on the ground in the middle of the pool of glass shards for a few seconds, his body as still as a corpse. Zardin and the other three stood rooted to the spot, waiting … the seconds grew lankier as they waited in silence, watching the body on the ground. 

And then, the skeletal figure slowly collected itself and sat upright. The mass of tangled hair parted to reveal a face as red as lava. With two dotted crimson eyes that were bead like. He slowly raised both hands and examined them before his eyes, as if unable to believe what he was seeing. He turned them a few times and twitched his fingers, as if to see if they were still working properly after eight millennia. Then, a wide smile broke over his red features, so that a deadly new energy seemed to awaken upon them. 

“Free … at last.”

__________


All pairs of eyes were tightly latched over the large well like hole in the earth. The large group of cloaked men stood surrounding the giant tunnel drilled into the earth, all of them tensely watching the tunnel’s entrance. Zardin and the three others had disappeared into it almost an hour back. And nothing at all had escaped from the tunnel since. 

Everyone standing around it, of the large batch of Xeni, was mentally poring over the very same question: what was going on inside of there? Some of them were beginning to lose patience, letting boredom waver their hard resolves. Some of them were beginning to wonder if this was all just a pointless meandering that their leader had led them into. But a few of them kept their composure and patience just as collected as ever, waiting calmly. 

And then, it reached them. The sound of the same hover car’s engine, slowly loudening as it reached them from within. 

A new excitement ran through the group of cloaked men like a current. They backed away from the tunnel, giving room. The hover car’s engine loudened to its very peak, before it shot out of the tunnel. It soared a few metes into the air before swinging over and sinking back to the ground. It settled to a soft stop on the ground beside the tunnel. 

The batch of Xeni waited, all of them mounting with anticipation. And then, as the doors swung open, they saw Zardin and the three other Xeni emerge … but with another person. 

At the very first sight, the man invoked a surge of terror which almost matched that which Zardin himself awoke in some of their eyes. His bone like, skeletal structure was almost terrifying, and the colour of his skin was a bright boiling red. A mass of tangled hair hung on both sides of his face, a face contained with a massive hidden prowess and fury like nothing. And his eyes were bead like and crimson red. 

Redgarn stepped out of the hover car along with Zardin and the other three. He slowly turned about, letting his gaze carry across the large group of Xeni. His eyes sank right into every one of the men he saw there, examining them in the split second they paused on him. Then, feeling a smile spread over his face, he turned to Zardin, who stood still beside him. 

“We have quite a good force, here.”

“Better.” Zardin held his hand out to point to the cruiser sitting a few hundred feet from them. “There is an entire battalion of armed forces. And that would amount to almost a tenth of a single planet’s army. All at our disposal. Consider it your welcome gift.”

Redgarn stared at the cruiser for a few seconds, and then released an outburst of laughter. His hideous, rasping voice echoed across the large expanse. The rest of the Xeni stood just as still, watching the proceedings quietly.

“An entire battalion of armed forces.” Redgarn repeated softly, transfixed as he stood watching the cruiser. “That … is truly magnificent. We are now placed at a greater position of power than I would have dreamt…”

The look of delight in his features faded, and a mounting rage filled them now. “I have waited eight thousand years. Suffered for eight thousand years. And now, it is time. At long last. I don’t care how long I have to wait … or how hard I have to work, but I will find the Nyon, and crush them once and for all. They would be impossible to find as of now, but soon … I will find them, and burn their entire temple to the ground and kill every one of them.”

“Something we would all love.” said Zardin. “Incidentally, the Nyon are now in possession of our crystal. The key to the dimension storing the forces of Mezmeron … the demon army. The Nyon acquired the crystal, and are now in hold of it.”

Redgarn turned to Zardin, and the fury in his red eyes blazed wilder. 

“Those cursed fiends!” he roared. “The crystal contains everything for us. Everything we’ve worked for … I worked for. We need it to finish what I started!”

A tense silence gripped the place as Redgarn stood where he was, his fists curled in anger. He was quiet for a few moments and Zardin waited, letting him pore over the situation.

“We have everything right now.” Redgarn growled, turning to the cruiser parked across the rough hands. “We have an entire battalion of armed forces. We can crush them like an ant beneath a boot. But we don’t have the one thing that matters. The location where they now hide.” He paused for a moment’s thought, and his frown sank deeper. “And after eight thousand years of heavy prosecution against mystics, they would have gone far into hiding. It would impossible to find where they are now.”

Zardin allowed a small pause to trail his words, before heaving a breath and speaking in a completely calm tone:

“The Nyon temple is located in the planet Farnor, in the seventh level of the outer spectrum.” He thought for a moment and added, “Just thought you’d like to know.”

A stunned silence dropped over the entire place.

The entire batch of cloaked Xeni had their eyes strapped to him, widened in shock. Redgarn slowly turned to face him, his jaw hanging wide open. Looking as though wondering if he had heard right. 

“There are enchantments placed to protect it,” went on Zardin, completely unperturbed by the effect he had made on the others. “but they are meant to protect against non mystics. The masters would be alerted if any non mystical energy force enters the planet. And the temple is invisible to all non mystic eyes. In other words, they saw a threat only from the Naxim … and not from us. Sadly for them.”

Redgarn continued to stand on the spot, gaping at Zardin through the stunned silence. Then, taking a step forward, he whispered, “How the hell did you know?”

Zardin gave a casual shrug. “I just took a wild guess.”

The shock drained from Redgarn’s face, and a look of savage fervour came upon his red features. 

“Well, it seems that fate has evened the pains of my past with a new pleasure for the future.” He turned and gazed across the rough lands at the cruiser. “We’ll take everything we have and attack them.”

As the shock of Zardin’s announcement passed, the cloaked figures looked about at each other with a new excitement. A steady anticipation could be felt climbing over the air. 

Redgarn turned about the entire batch of Xeni and called in a loud, commanding voice:

“Men, prepare yourselves, and get armed. We’re attacking the Nyon temple. Take everything you have, from bows and arrows to Sparklers and spears. Arm up for the single most important event in the history of our order.” He turned and looked about the entire group of Xeni standing around the tunnel. “Today, we attack our long hated enemies and scour their existence forever from the face of this world. And when we’re done, there will be nothing of the ancient brotherhood but ashes…” 

He turned to Zardin. “How far away is Farnor from here?”

“Just a few minutes’ space jump away.” replied Zardin, giving a moment’s thought. “I’d estimate not more than four.”

A mad smile lit Redgarn’s face. “Excellent … we’re getting there, and showing them that we’re back with a bang.” He turned and boomed for the entire lot of them to hear, “Let’s head out!”


And together, the entire group of them, Zardin, Redgarn and all of the Xeni, boarded the large cruiser. And less than a minute later, the giant vessel was ripping through space towards Farnor, carrying the Xeni order and an entire battalion of armed forces that they now commanded. To attack and bring about the fall of the brotherhood of Nyon at long last…


7




Ion looked past the greenery sprawling at the far end of the green expanse. The three of them now stood outside of the temple. Resting right before them, tranquil and beautiful, was the lake that they had crossed earlier on. 

After showing Ion all over the temple, the other two had brought him here. Ion was struck by an air of calmness and serenity unlike anything as he stood here amidst the natural wonder, feeling his messy crimson hair ripple in the gentle evening breeze. 

The sun was still high on the clear blue sky, but waiting to dip towards the canopy of trees on the other side with the approaching dusk. Hazy white clouds were frozen around it, some of them drifting across pleasantly. 

The cluster of trees across the other side of the lake was pressed together in a dense green clog, with nothing visible amidst the thick tree trunks. Little could be seen through the faint spaces between the trees in the feeble light slitting through the gaps in the jungle of leaves above. 

The only meek sounds heard were the rustling of the wind, and the flapping of wings as occasional groups of birds went streaking past the sky. 

The beauty of the place was spellbinding. For some reason, Ion was drawn back to those days he had spent with Jedius. A time where he had found a short glimpse of peace amidst an entire life of chaos. 

“This is awfully good for meditation.” said Qyro, looking at him. 

Ion gazed at their reflections on the lake in front, as still as it would have been in a mirror. Not a ripple broke out over the water surface, which glittered and sparkled in the light from the sun above. 

“Yeah,” admitted Ion. “I thought it would be.”

Vestra was looking past the canopy of trees opposite to them, her gaze thoughtful.

“Mantra looks strangely troubled off late.” she said, sounding worried.

Qyro, who was also looking ahead, nodded slowly. 

“I noticed too.”

“Why, is that bad?” Ion asked the two of them.

The only sound heard for a long moment was the gentle rustling of Ion’s cloak in the wind. 

“Very bad.” Vestra said finally. 

Qyro shook his head. “Mantra’s the one mystic you don’t wanna see troubled.”

“What do you mean?”

“You remember him taking you back to the age of the empire,” Vestra asked Ion. “when there were Nyon who had the ability to sense trouble and rush to stomp it out?”

“I do.” Ion nodded.

Qyro looked at Ion with a grave smile. “Well, Mantra’s one of them. He’s got the power to sense trouble brewing around.”

“He’s got the power to sense more than just that.” Vestra looked at Ion and Qyro. “There are times when he can tell exactly what happens in another far off place.”  

Ion gazed past the lake, feeling an eyebrow lift on his face. Impossible.

“But even for his powers, he can’t pick up everything going on elsewhere.” Vestra shook her head. “Sometimes he can make out bits of an event happening somewhere far off.”

“But how?” asked Ion. 

Vestra frowned. “I don’t know how these powers of his works, nor do I think I ever will. But basically, he can sense shifting energy fields. I’ve known him for many years now. And I can tell you, his mystical powers are more attuned than imaginable.” 

“Well, considering that our most dreaded nemesis has returned,” Ion shrugged. “I’d be disturbed too if I were him.”

But Qyro shook his head. “No, it’s not that. I think it’s something else.”

“What do you mean?” Vestra asked. 

Qyro looked at her, his fur rippling faintly in the wind. He gave a soft sigh. 

“He’s the only master remaining from the age of Sirengard. He’s the oldest of our brotherhood and it’s his responsibility to keep the Nyon alive, or so he believes … the dwindling of students in the brotherhood’s upset him, I think.” He looked ahead, scowling. “I remember him talking about an earlier student of his. And it made him rather … well, emotional.”

“An earlier student?” asked Ion. “Where is he now?”

“He isn’t one of the Nyon, obviously” Qyro said, folding his arms. 

“He was trained by Mantra, but he isn’t one of us?”

“Unlike me and Qyro, not all the students trained here stay here after the training, Ion.” Vestra informed him. “The masters can only train the students. But the students have the choice as to whether or not to then carry on and serve our brotherhood … or to leave. Most of the students that are trained by the masters decide not to join us. If that wasn’t so, if all of them stay behind and help the Nyon, then we’d have ten times the members we’ve got now.”

Qyro ran his eyes over the grassy ground, in search of something. Hopping two feet away, he bent down and picked up a small flat stone. He spent a few seconds to examine the stone, looking at it intently.

“Most of them believe they’re safer without joining us.” he said, still examining the stone. “They think the Nyon are more trouble than the already troubled life of a mystic needs.” Looking up at Ion, he gave a shrug. “Well, guess they’re right. Half of our number’s been either tracked down and killed by the masters, or died from missions to the inner spectrum.”

He held the stone it clenched in his hand and shook his wrist heavily, before sending the stone flying across the lake’s surface. Ion followed it as it skipped one, two, and three … seven times over the water, before sinking. Ripples burst out across the water surface, distorting the serenity of the lake.

“I’ve been living a lot in the inner spectrum in the last few months.” Ion said, still watching as the seven waves of ripples slowly spread out across the lake’s surface. 

The two of them looked at him, the same surprise reflecting in both their expression.

“Well, you’re pretty lucky to be breathing, in that case.” said Vestra.

“How’d you manage it?” asked Qyro. 

Ion flashed back to those days, the days coming after Jedius’s training. Where he had vowed to tear down countless infamous crime organisations, terror groups … and do his part in amending the evil of his past with good. 

“It wasn’t easy, I’ll guarantee that.” he said finally, heaving a deep breath. “And yeah, there were a dozen or more times where I’d been found and chased by the Naxim. But I kept moving from cluster to cluster. I travelled in the shadiest public transport systems, where they’d have almost zero security.”

Qyro bent and scooped up another small rock, examining it for a second, before looking up at Ion. 

“I made sure to keep my tracks hidden as best as I could.” Ion paused, his tone now falling a shade darker. “Because I knew what I had to do … and if I died doing it,” He shrugged. “I figured it was hardly very far from what I’d deserved.”

The two of them continued to quietly look at him for a few seconds. 

Sighing, Qyro turned, shook his wrist and tossed the second stone across the lake. Ion watched as it skipped nine times, almost reaching the very other side of the lake. 

Vestra’s eyes lingered on him, and Ion felt the same tenderness reflect within her deep black eyes as that day two years back, when they had met. 

“You’re making up for it, Ion.” she said softly. “And I that, in the end, is what I believe counts.”

“If there was a true reason to hate who you are now,” Qyro said. “we would have killed you.”

Smiling, he thumped Ion on the back.

Ion nodded absently. 

Qyro walked back up, and picked up a third rock. Ion wasn’t watching how many times this one skipped. Inside, he felt a glow of true happiness unlike very many instances in his life. This was a moment where he had discovered something he had been quietly asking for, over all his life. He had discovered something in his life that would remain precious to him all throughout…

Friends. 

Real friends. 

Smiling to himself, he joined Qyro in tossing stones across the lake, and the two of them competed with each other in the number of times their stones skipped, while Vestra watched and held count.

If there was one moment, Ion paused to think, as he gazed at the swath of greenery spreading at the end of the lake. It would be now…

__________


Lurking behind the trees across the lake, stood a giant group of cloaked, hooded Xeni. They were standing concealed behind the thick tree trunks. Having arrived in the planet just less than a minute back, they had parked the cruiser closeby and crept up till here.

They were all hungrily watching the large temple standing across the lake and the three youngsters tossing stones across the lake happily. The same brutal thrill filled them as one as they stood there, armed and ready for the kill…

Some of them strung arrows into their bows, while others held their razor edged spears out, pointing. 

At the very front of the group, one of the men kept his hand raised, gesturing for the others to wait…

And for a few seconds, they all stood hidden behind the trees, gathering themselves. Preparing for the attack which would end everything… 

And then, the man at the front of the group lowered his hand, turned to the men behind and hissed, “Time to move.” 

And at once, all of the men could be heard rustling their cloaks in mild motions, moving their weapons into aim … towards the three Nyon sitting right opposite to them, their first three casualties. 

__________


Ion felt a moment of wild incredulity, his eyes flying wide, as he saw it…

A shower of arrows burst towards them, from the other side of the bank.

“Look out!”

Without a flicker of conscious thought, he threw both hands out and shoved Qyro and Vestra to the ground by either side. He threw himself flat on the grass not a moment too early: a crisp slice of wind hit his face, and then one of the spears shot across less than an inch above him. All around them, spears and arrows buried themselves into the grass field. 

As the three of them looked across the bank, Ion went wild with panic: emerging from the tree trunks they were hiding behind of, pouring into the open, came a fleet of men in black cloaks. Some of them were holding bows, reaching into their trove of arrows slung behind them. But most others were drawing long, thin swords … the greenery of the forest was suddenly lit with bright orange flashes as the mystics ignited their swords. Their blades were then shining in orange. In a spiralling moment, the revelation collided with the three of them as they saw this.

“Xeni…” breathed Vestra, the blood draining from her face.  

The mob of black robed mystics charged at them from the other side, dashing through the shallow waters of the lake ahead of them. The spear wielders raised a second spear, waiting to hurl it, the archers strung their arrows into their bows and pulled …

The three of them acted in almost telepathic unison: they held up their hands, and the combined flow of their energies conjured a shield right ahead of them. Ion funneled his thoughts into a razor like sharpness as their combined energies struggled to hold up the shield: the shimmering glass like surface took a heavy impact, a dozen spears and arrows smashing against it and breaking. 

The gang of black cloaked Xeni abandoned long aim and plunged into the lake, swimming across with dolphin like swiftness.

The three of them left the shield to melt back into thin air, turning and dashing back into the temple. They sprinted the length of the building’s side, evading stray spears and arrows sent at them by the first Xeni who emerged from the lake’s waters. 

“We have to warn the masters!” Ion panted, as he ran alongside the other two. 

Their breaths storming, the three of them arrived at the entrance of the structure. There were masters sitting around the centre of the large hall. Before the three Nyon could raise the call and alert them of the attack, Rash-cons flooded the hall from the entrances spread around its corners … The Xeni had brought what looked like an army along with them, a deviously large one. 

The robots swept the hall, surging in from all sides. A rain of Sparkler shots filled the hall as the Rash-cons opened fire at the masters, who sprang to their feet, reaching for their swords in realisation of what was going on…

Mayhem erupted like a nuclear blast. 

Before they knew it, the masters were spread over the large hall to face the enemy onslaught, all their swords drawn and ignited. Ion turned and was shocked to see that Vestra and Qyro, who had been standing right behind him, were now dragged off to two different corners, both of them surrounded by Rash-cons. They had their ignited swords cutting down three of the robots in one slash, both fierce as the light blazing from their swords. 

Ion reached for his own sword, turning back. But before his head finished spinning around to face what was ahead of him, a sharp pounding pain hit him by the centre of his chest … and he was flying back. His half drawn sword slipped and went flying off his grasp. 

As he hit the cold ground, he saw the cloaked hooded figure who had punched him standing over him … drawing his sword and igniting it. The Xeni lunged at Ion before he could pick himself up, forcing him to roll over on the ground to miss the man’s saber by a deadly inch. The man stumbled forward, having missed his target. Ion had the fraction of a second: without raising himself, he curled his fist and sent his knuckles slamming into the man’s face. The force of the blow heaved the man off his feet, and he landed feet away from Ion, unconscious. 

The battle now mounted in ferocity, with black cloaked figures locked in saber duels all around.

Now triggered into lightspeed alertness, Ion picked himself up, snatched his sword back from the floor, and ignited it. Less than a second later, he was surrounded by a cluster of seven Rash-cons, their guns spurting jets of light at him. Ion used his sword to block two of the Sparkler shots, lunging off the way of another two. He then sent a sideways slash that ripped through three of the robots’ bodies. The remaining four continued to pour Sparkler bolts out at him, forcing him to dodge and duck insanely. One of the shots clipped him by the forearm, and a seething pain exploded where the shot hit. 

He stumbled backwards with a sharp gasp, while the four Rash-cons continued to rain shots at him. Summoning every ounce of his will, he ignored the pain of the shot, using one arm now to spin his sword and block the oncoming jets of light. The Rash-cons gained dominance, pushing Ion back. He heaved an enormous breath and flung both arms forth towards the four Rash-cons. A smash exploded into existence and glided towards the robots. As it hit them, the four Rash-cons crumpled and soared back in a clutter of broken body parts. 

Ion steadied himself with another deep breath. The pain of the Sparkler shot son his right arm had faded slightly. As he scanned the hall, he spotted a fallen Nyon master, surrounded by a Xeni and five other Sparkler wielding Rash-cons … The Xeni raised his shining blade, moving in for the kill… 

Ion turned and sprinted towards them. He slammed into the Xeni from behind him, and the man tripped over the fallen master painfully, his sword clattering to the ground. The five Rash-cons slowly re focussed their aims to the new target, but before any of them opened fire, Ion let fly two clean slashes of his sword. The robots, sliced in more than one part of their body, fell to the ground. Where Ion’s sword had cut them, a mild orange radiation glow lingered. As Ion reached for the fallen master, the Xeni behind him rose, summoning his sword to his hand with his mystical powers. Ion pushed the master back to the ground as the Xeni launched towards them, his sword raised. 

The man’s blazing sword landed over Ion’s with a loud, metallic cling, and the two of them stood there, their sabers locked, for a long moment. Their eyes drilling into each other. And then, Ion pushed the man back, releasing his sword, and jabbed at him. The Xeni blocked his sword with a sideways swipe, and Ion had less than a fragmented second to pull his sword back before him to defend his chest from the Xeni’s razor speed attack. 

As the two of them duelled, the chaos around them seemed to climb, towering beyond control. Agitation, discord and panic thundered all around them. Loud, groundshaking blasts sounded at distant areas of the temple, revealing that the battle had now swarmed over the entire temple to engulf all regions of it. 

Ion felt himself gain a sliver of dominance over his opponent, and pushed him back step by step, blow by blow … But just when the scale had begun to tip towards his side, another Xeni leapt into the fray from the confusion around them, taking up arms against Ion. 

Now forced to fend against two opponents, Ion couldn’t spare them the splinter of a moment: his every move raced death by mini seconds as he fended off two cloaked, hooded figures, parrying two ignited swords and trying twice as hard not to die. Ion could have defeated both of them in a single, one on one match, being shades stronger than both of them. But now, with both of them now pitted together against him, the enemies gained the upper hand. His spirits ebbed slowly, with the duel now dragging him backwards: every blow the two Xeni sent him carried Ion a step back. Before they knew it, the three of them had exited the hall, and were fighting in one of the temple’s corridors, the orange light of their blades seeming to dance over the walls and ceiling. 

__________


It had been building…
	
The agitation that Mantra had been experiencing off late had been building steadily.

But just less than a few minutes ago, something had cracked … The chaos he was feeling had spiralled well off limits. A sudden turbulence like nothing before had swept through Mantra. Possessed him. 

It was the worst he had felt in eight thousand years…

Now, as he sat in the same room calmly, listening to the rumblings of the battle all across the Nyon temple, he knew… 

He knew what the source of this chaotic disturbance that he had been sensing was… 

“So, you’ve returned,” He turned his head mildly to one side as he said it. “old friend.”

Redgarn slowly stepped through the balcony outside, walking into his room. A dull shudder rocked the place as another explosion took off somewhere elsewhere in the battle torn temple. 

“You must have missed me,” said Redgarn, a mad smile hanging on his lips. “a 
very great deal.”

He looked half deranged, with strands of thick, tousled hair falling over both sides of his face. His skin was crimson, and his eyes bore the same maddened red gleam that Mantra had seen him last with.

“I missed the side of you that had died eight thousand years back.” said Mantra, now standing and facing his ancient nemesis, who had rushed back across the ages to haunt him. “And that side remains dead.”

Redgarn’s grin spread longer, and he held his sword loosely in one hand, standing where he was. 

“It’s time to learn my pain, Mantra.” he said, his voice sinking to a whisper, but growing louder with menace. “The anguished pain which you thrust over me. And the pain which I was forced to carry for eight thousand years.” He took a step forward, and ignited his sword, so that the dazzling orange flash lit the air in the room for a mean moment. “Now, you will feel the fire that you ignited in my soul.” 

He raised his sword and pointed it at Mantra. Who stood as still as ever, his hazy white eyes unflinching. “It’s finally time, Mantra. Time to finish it. Today, we will finish what we started eight thousand years back … We will become one.”

“That, we will.” Mantra nodded. 

“One,” said Redgarn. “shall stand. One shall prevail. One shall emerge at the end of this day, and the other falls. To oblivion.”

Eyes locked with those of the minion standing ahead of him, Mantra slowly rose. Time had gone stainlessly slow. He clasped his sword’s handle, and the slithery rush of the blade being drawn filled the room. Mantra felt his heartbeat. Every one of it. Timed with a large, elegant pause between each other. He brought his raised sword to point the right wall, his eyes fastened over Redgarn’s. 

A crisp, orange flash lit the room as Mantra ignited his sword. And the familiar, bright orange light consumed the sword’s blade. For the first time after eight thousand years.

They stood there, eyes boring into each other. One’s hazy and white, calm. And the other’s maniacal and red, glowing with madness. 

That second seemed to expand into a century…

And then, the two ancient enemies swept their swords around at once, and launched onto each other with a wild battle cry tearing from their throats…

__________


Ion parried the blow at the speed of sound and spun about to block the other’s. He felt the dominance of his two opponents cast over him like a net, dragging his spirits down. They were now moving further down the hall. Wild shudders broke over the walls around them, as though some other part of the massive temple had just been blown. 

One of the Xeni lunged at Ion, who had the split second to toss himself off the way. He gained advantage over the other by smacking his chest hard with his flat hand, so that the man yelped and staggered back. The other one spun about just in time to take the place of his companion and brought his blazing sword in a heavy sideways slash at Ion. His knuckles white with the grip over his sword, Ion raised it just in time to block the shot, leaving a burst of sparks in air around them as the two blades met. 

The second Xeni ran at him from the side, and Ion withdrew his blade and stepped back, letting the first trip forward. He twisted around and struck the second Xeni by the side. A heavy cling sounded in the air as their blades fell over each other for the hundredth time, emitting the same shower of sparks around. 

As the duel heated up, they found themselves slipped into one of the doorways, and in a large room. Ion felt himself pushed back behind the room, dodging and fending for his life from the two deadly Xeni. 

But in a second, it was over: Ion had been thrust to the ground, with his sword having flown off his hand. His two duel opponents stood over him, sneering at him in the glow from their swords, allowing themselves the moment to bask in the glory of their triumph over one of their long hated enemies. Ion lay on the floor, helpless, as the two men clutched blazing swords. As he watched his doom seal itself, he felt no fear, no melancholy … he felt a sense of calmed acceptance. 

The two Xeni exchanged a fleeting, savage grin, then raised their blades. The fanatical glow of orange seemed to sharpen in the room as their blades plunged towards him… 

“Stop.” Hissed a voice from the back of the room. 

The two Xeni over Ion froze the very instant, turning to a third cloaked figure at the back of the room. He had apparently climbed in through the balcony at the back. Taking a step forward, the man let his hood fall. 

Ion felt a sense of chilling horror at what he was seeing.

It was a man with pale skin, long black hair hanging in frames on both sides of his face. But the man’s eyes … He had no eyes! Two empty, black sockets stared out. And they were focussed right on Ion, as though they could see him. Ion felt a stab of unworldly terror.  

“Leave him.” Zardin hissed. “He’s mine.”

Not daring to disobey their leader, the two Xeni backed off and vanished behind the door of the room, joining the battle elsewhere. 

A thoroughly perplexed Ion slowly rose to his feet, his widened eyes locked over the ghastly looking Xeni before him. The man dug his hand into his pocket and pulled out a rolled parchment. He unrolled it, surveyed it with his blank eyes for a second, before turning it over for Ion to see. 

It was the criminal poster of Ion. 

“From the glowing red eyes to the pale skin, to the evil smile.” The man paused, his blank eyes running up and down Ion in a curious manner. “I really expected more … for the deadly killer I thought you were, at least.”

“Who are you?” panted Ion, bending and picking up his sword again. “What do you want?”

Zardin smiled. “I gave you a chance, Ion. I sent Xare to you, and I hoped you might join us. But you didn’t, did you? You decided to ignore us and run off to them.” He clucked his tongue, shaking his head admonishingly. “Not impressed. Not one bit. I was hoping better,” He raised the poster higher, beckoning to it with his sword. “from someone like this.”

“You were wrong.” said Ion. “and I’m not what you see in that poster anymore.”

Zardin savoured what he was hearing. A soft laugh emitted from his throat. 

“When I found out about you, about the enormity of the crimes you’d committed two years back,” His head swung to face the poster held by his right again. “I was truly impressed, Ion. I took a certain liking to you. That’s an achievement from your side.”

Ion stood there, his jaws locked. He said nothing, though it was obvious that he wanted to. 

Zardin rolled the parchment and stuffed it back into his pocket again. “I did my research on your childhood, your past before I decided to set you as a target for my ally. I know of everything you faced, boy. Everything that you went through … and it then occurred to me that I had gone through it, too. Your pain and your misery. I had faced all of it too, boy.”

He lowered his voice to a bare air piercing hiss. 

“The two of us … we are the same, Ion.” He took a step forward to Ion, less than a metre away from him. “Both mystics who have seen the truth. And who have embraced it. We faced the same pain, underwent the same suffering. And that is what brings us to who we are today. We are one of a kind, you and I.”

“Whoever you are, I’m nothing like you!” Ion spat, his voice quaking. 

Zardin tossed his head back and released a nasty, ringing laugh. 

“I know it all, Ion.” He whispered, enjoying the effect that was to come. “I know everything about your past … all that you’ve done.” He felt his lips twist in a cruel smile. “The Xeni have contacts with terror groups all over the world … including Grando’s terror group.”

Ion’s orange eyes filled with anguish and hatred. His breath seemed to have frozen.

Zardin let his nasty smile stretch longer. “That’s right. I know it all. Everything you’ve done. Everyone you’ve killed … including your own brother.”

Ion ignited his sword, and the orange light gleaming in the blade formed a mirror for the anger and hatred rising within him now. 

With a roar of rage, he hurtled onto Zardin, who calmly ignited and raised his own sword. The cling of their blades meeting pierced the air, sharp and steely. 

Zardin withdrew his saber and sent a wild strike at Ion’s left. The boy’s eyes widened slightly, evidently alarmed at the speed and deadliness of this opponent. Not what he’d been expecting. He spun just in time to let his sword block Zardin’s, and a cloud of sparks burst as their swords clashed fiercely. 

Zardin lunged forth, unleashing another furious set of jabs. Ion seemed to hold his breath, swinging his sword in a wild fury to block the attacks. He blocked the final strike and then gritted his teeth as he hurled forward, his sword flying in the first offensive maneuver … which Zardin blocked with a lazy flick of his blade. 

“You’ve chosen the wrong side, dear boy.” said Zardin, hurling another slash at Ion, who had spun his own sword just in time to block it. “And now, you pay the price. You die.”

He pushed Ion back with their swords and then jumped forth, slashing and jabbing viciously. Ion panted for breath as he propelled himself faster, possibly than ever before, against any opponent. Zardin struck on mercilessly, pushing the boy further and further behind. The rapid clings of their blades meeting filled the room. 

__________


All of a sudden, nothing else existed. Not the world around. Not the passing of time. Everything had suddenly melted into non existence, save for the creature ahead of him. The creature showering Mantra with a violent series of jabs and slashes with his ignited sword, his speed and ferocity brutal. He was all that existed now, and Mantra felt himself merge with him as he fought him off, his own ferocity rising to the shore of his being after eight thousand years. 

Redgarn’s powers, his dynamic might, hadn’t slackened an ounce, despite having endured eight thousand years. The two titanic enemies clashed with a violent fury, both of their motions blurred to unrecognisable states: within the passage of half a second, both their swords would have clashed at least ten times. Sparks burst about, spewing the air all over them. 

Mantra jumped two steps back as his enemy made a lunging stab at his gut. His eyes were glued to Redgarn’s sword as it came soaring towards him. Feeling the moment run by slowly, Mantra brought his own sword in a sideway swipe, slashing the opponent’s out of the way. A crisp cling, and an explosion of sparks ensued. 

Taking a wide step forward, Mantra ran his sword forward … aiming for his chest. But Redgarn’s eyes came flying along his blade, and he took a lazy step backwards that fetched him a moment’s gain. He blocked Mantra’s strike with his own raised sword, growling deep in his throat. 

“You should have stayed in Taurandor.” Snarled Mantra, as the two of them stood there rigidly, their sabers clasped. “Now you’ll wish you had.”

“You should have died a painless death while you had the chance.” Hissed Redgarn, his red face twisting in a smile. “Now you’ll wish you had.”

He gave Mantra a sudden, rocky shove backwards, which almost threw him off balance. Half tripping, Mantra fought for control of his ground for a moment, while Redgarn came hurtling at him from in front, the mad blaze of his sword brightening…

__________


A gang of five Rash-cons came storming at Vestra from around her. Without being prompted by thought, she launched to one side, her black hair flying. Her quick action had saved her from what would have been instant death: as soon as she had jumped, jets of light burst towards her from the robots’ guns, missing her by whiskers. She parried two of the shots which the Rash-cons had sent with re directed aims at her. As they drew near from all five sides, she felt her feet leave the ground. Lunging forward, she sent a sharp, circular wave of her sword. The ignited blade passed the robots’ thick, metallic bodies like they were butter, and they collapsed, lifeless. 

She was now at the corner of the giant hall, watching as mayhem tore the entire place apart like strips of paper. Giant chunks of concrete came tumbling upon them in smoking ruins as explosions raged in the upper regions of the temple. 

Vestra felt a moment of crazy panic for Qyro and Ion, both of whom had been enveloped by the intensity of the battle, and were now lost from sight. Fighting back the suffocating feeling, she cast her hope out that they were all right. They better be. They have to be… 

__________


Zardin hurled Ion across the room air with the strength of ten men. 

Ion felt his body cleave through the air, hurtling at high speed, before crashing through the wall behind him. Pain burst all over him. His shoulders had taken the full impact, and a searing pain seemed to rip through the blades over his shoulders. 

His vision had gone murky for a second, and he screwed up his eyes in a tense attempt to regain focus. But even through his groggy vision, the thin black entity that came thundering towards him from across the room was unmistakable. Zardin raised his sword high, the blade’s orange shine slitting through the haziness of his vision.

He’s far too strong … I can’t fight him.

It took Ion all of his will to fight off the dread and get himself to move. Seizing control of his body though the searing pain, he drew himself up and dodged the Xeni menace flying at him. Zardin, who had come hurtling at him with his sword outstretched, missed him as he made a clean sidestep. Ion summoned his mystical powers and held his hand out towards his sword. The sword came soaring into the air, twirling, and landed in his grasp.

A wild orange flash illuminated the corridor as Ion lit his sword. Zardin, who had landed further down the corridor at the speed of his launch, rounded and charged at him. 

__________


Mantra felt a snarl escape him as he opposed Redgarn’s mindless strength, standing his ground. The two of them had their eyes locked even heavier than their blades between them.

“Give it to me.” breathed Redgarn, as the two of them stood rigidly frozen, their sabers locked dead on each other. “Give me the crystal.”

Mantra could feel the crystal lying inside his pocket. He knew that it wouldn’t be long before Redgarn got his hands on it. And he intended to end it before he did. 

“We’ve come to re claim what’s rightfully ours,” went on Redgarn, his voice lowered to a soft growl. “And we will most certainly not leave without it.”

“You aren’t leaving at all.” hissed Mantra. “Not alive, that is.”

The shuddering sensation deepened around them, and the blasts grew louder. Faint layers of dust dislodged from the ceiling, drifting down to fill the space around them. 

A smile slit Redgarn’s face, turning it inhuman. “You know how hollow your words are, dear man. The temple is falling apart.” He gave an unpleasant, ringing laugh. “You can sense doom sealing its clasp over you. All of you. Like it or not, we will have both the things we came here for: the plague crystal … and the long awaited demise of the brotherhood of Nyon.”

__________


Zardin moved through the wreck of a place slowly, his footsteps merging with the silence. Deep shudders shook the walls and ceiling, and layers of dust floated down from above. The battle was faring badly for the Nyon. 

He kicked aside a broken chair, and pretended to look around the ravaged room in which his target was hiding. Someone too scared to face the horror before him, the horror of reality. 

“Come out, Ion.” There was a dangerous simper in his voice, and Zardin didn’t blame Ion at all for not doing as he asked. “Come out and play.” 

Continuing to pretend to gaze around the room looking for his target, he walked forth slowly. This hall, or whatever it had been before the battle begun, had been subject to a blast nearby it. What remained of the room was now littered with charred smithereens. The furniture of the room had been tossed towards one side, opposite to where the blast had occurred. Zardin was now roaming through the pillaged remains of the chairs, beds and cupboards lying clumsily over the floor. 

The place was supposedly a dormitory room, one that must have been left empty for millennia now. He kicked another chair off the way, and it landed on the broken remains of a cupboard lying by the right.

Ion had done a good job of hiding himself, Zardin admitted. Except…

He spun, and let his hands smash through the broken cupboard lying by the right, pulling out the red haired boy hiding inside of it. Ion gritted his teeth, trying to struggle free as Zardin held him by the front of his robes. 

“I’m blind.” Zardin bent forward and whispered. He then smiled. “But I can see … everything.”

Screaming, he turned and hurled Ion across the room with a deadly speed. The boy went flying in an unbroken straight line, then crashed through the wreckage at the other side of the room. 

Zardin kicked aside another piece of scrap lying his way lazily, strolling forward carefreely. Ion, who lay buried in the debris across the other end of the room, slowly dug his way out, emerging with a moan of pain.

“You’ve chosen to ignore the truth, Ion.” said Zardin, walking forth. “You’ve chosen to ignore where you belong.”

A fresh surge of fury hit Ion: he got to his feet hastily and then stood there, glaring at Zardin with his orange eyes flared.

“I do not belong with you.” He growled.

Zardin smiled at him, stopping a few feet from him. They stood there, feet away, looking at each other, with the air around them seeming to simmer with menace. Another brief trembling broke over the place. And a scream sounded from somewhere far off. 

“No,” said Zardin. “I speak of inner belonging, dear boy. And you know there’s that side of you which had controlled you a few years back. That side…” He gave a pleasant nod, his smile curving longer. “That … is the side of your own self that you belong with. That is who you really are, and you know it.” 

Ion’s features filled with rage, sweeping away the fear in an instant. He ignited his sword and came hurtling towards Zardin, a wild battle cry tearing from him. 

__________


Mantra panted for breath as he raced down the corridor, hot on his rival’s feet. Redgarn cast a fleeting glance back at Mantra, a demonic grin on his lips. But Mantra was looking at the object he clutched with both hands in front of him. The crystal. 

In the midst of the fight, Redgarn had, gaining a sliver of dominance, thrust his hand into Mantra’s pocket and gotten hold of the crystal. Mantra felt his lungs torn, airless, as he sprinted behind the world’s scariest nightmare. Trying to prevent it from coming to life. They can’t leave with the crystal!

They flew past another duel between two cloaked figures with flaming swords clashing at the side of the corridor. Which one was Xeni and which Nyon, it couldn’t be told. 

Redgarn reached the end of the corridor ahead, which split into two. He swerved and shot down the left one, with Mantra bursting forth behind him. 

A group of Rash-cons were ganging on one of the Nyon, who was backing off to the corridor’s wall at the heavy assault. His blazing sword spun rapidly as he blocked the tirade of shots fired at him. Redgarn streaked on without bothering, while Mantra felled two of the robots just on his way, leaving the others: he knew there was no time to help his comrade any further. Far more had now been put at stake… 

Faster … faster. The distance between the two of them was dwindled slowly, as Mantra fuelled his legs with every bit of energy his eight thousand year old body could afford. As they tore forth, the two ancient mystics’ speed would have come close to those of air vehicles. Or even gone beyond it: the two of them were literally pelting down the corridor, and to passers by their bodies would appear nothing more than two swift blurs that zipped by. 

Faster! All other thoughts had vaporised in Mantra’s mind, and the one thought of catching his enemy blazed, erasing out all excuses … all bodily pains. He summoned all the strength resting in his old bones and took an enormous leap forward. He felt himself land over Redgarn, and the two of them crashed to the ground, rolling over each other. The crystal slipped off Redgarn’s grip and went bouncing feet away from where they lay in a tangle.

Mantra ignited his sword and plunged it towards the man beneath him. 

Redgarn’s eyes blazed, and Mantra was thrown off by a sudden invisible force. He hit the wall of the corridor behind him and Redgarn jumped to the side, his hand reaching for the crystak…

Mantra gave a wave of his hand, and the crystal went skittering a few feet off the Xeni’s grasp. Redgarn cast an angry glance at Mantra. Before he could leap for the crystal again, Mantra ignited his blade and launched over him. 

The two of them wrestled amidst the rumbling and the blasts all over them. Their swords twirled at a wild speed, clashing violently as the duo snarled and dodged, jabbed and slashed at each other. Both aiming to kill … sparks burst all around in the air, as their swords met again and again. 

The plague crystal lay on the ground by their right, waiting for one of them to strike the other down. Once and for all. 

“When we’re done here,” snarled Redgarn, as the two of them broke from the duel and prowled around the room for a brief second. “The only thing remaining of you and your senile brotherhood will be ashes. Our eight thousand year battle has come to an end. Today it ends.”

“The battle was always over, old friend.” Laughed Mantra. “You won – eight thousand years back, when you destroyed what we stood for. When you destroyed Sirengard and its Kingline.”

“And now,” said Redgarn. “I’ll finish the job. I’ll destroy you. All of you. Our conflict has flown off the edges, and today – it returns down to earth.”

Mantra laughed as they continued to cross the room in a circle, locked in a deep glare. “This battle will be anything but down to earth, Redgarn.”

A long pause fell between them as Redgarn considered his words. His lips parted in a grim smile. His voice rumbling in a soft laugh, he said, “You are absolutely right. Let me prove you so. Let’s take this battle,” He held his hand out slowly, as though raising something invisible. “to the skies…”

A magnum shudder ripped apart the entire place, as though of an earthquake. Mantra was knocked off his feet. 

__________


As Zardin prepared to send a furious jab at Ion, it happened. 

An untamed quaking seemed to erupt across the entire temple: the walls, floor and ceiling rumbled angrily, and the two of them were thrown off balance. Ion felt himself land sideways on the wall by the right, his sword almost slipping from his grasp. 

What in the world’s happening?!

__________


As though hit by a volcanic quake, the entire structure seemed to vibrate with menace. The Nyon temple’s very mild grounding, and the anchors rigging it to the earth were blasted off by a furious invisible force. The noise of the blast left a loud roar to resonate across the vast green forest. The shattered remains of the grounding went soaring around the temple in a circle. And the temple itself, now quaking harder, slowly rose off the ground…

The gigantic structure floated off the ground, rising higher and higher … The structure’s outer covering rippled in fury, and chunks of the temple’s outer walls were sheared off, flying off to join the circle of debris soaring around it. 

The ancient structure rose higher and higher, leaving the ground forever … climbing further and deeper into the realm of the skies … hundred metres … two hundred metes … three hundred … four hundred…

The temple’s outer walls were crushed at the might of the invisible force wrapping around it. Crumpled in giant chunks of debris, they came soaring off to join the flow of circular wreckage around them…

Five hundred metres … Six hundred …

__________


Ion kept his hands tightly encased around the pillar, his eyes streaming at the blast of the wind … which seemed to come from almost all sides.

What the bloody hell’s happening? His feet having left the ground, his entire body was now hovering in mid air, feet above the ground. 

He kept his arms tightly closed around the pillar in the hallway, the only anchor to keep him from flying off at the insane blow of the wind. Whether or not his eyes were deceiving him, he knew not – but when he looked out the window nearby across the wall, he thought he saw the sky outside flowing down … as though they were flying up. The temple seemed to be soaring upwards into the sky. Across the hall, Zardin kept one hand locked around another pillar, the raging wind having lifted him off his feet as well. His face was fixed over Ion, the sword in his free hand still blazing. 

Ion felt something unravelling from the logic of what was happening. The temple’s rising into the sky! He thought, bewildered. Is this for real?

__________


Vestra felt a heavy daze seize her, as she looked out the shattered, broken walls beyond the room she was in. 

The temple’s flying?! She blinked, the movement making her eyes water in the force of the gushing wind. 

Her entire body lay pressed to the opposite wall by the surge of the heavy wind, which seemed powerful enough to rip the outer walls off. Her sword, now doused, lay clutched in her right hand. Around her, plastered to the wall, were the shattered remains of the robots she’d been fighting.

The passageway that she had been in was now half torn apart at the other end, and the sky could be seen, clear and blue, with the meanest tinge of red with the onsetting dusk. 

This can’t be happening! Once more, she felt a part of the panic swerve in direction, and she hoped everything was all right with Qyro and Ion. 

By the look of it, they were now progressing higher and higher into the heavens… beyond the height of even the tallest towers in some cities.

__________


Eight hundred metes …nine hundred metres…

The temple had zoomed up to a mile above the ground, and it continued to soar up. Relentless. Unyielding.

__________


“You madman!” bellowed Mantra, clinging hard to the side of the wall with one hand clutching the outpost on it. “You’ve gone senile!”

“But you already knew that,” laughed Redgarn, the force of the wind pressing him hard against the wall nearby. His hair, tousled and wild, billowed about him, giving him a scary, deranged look. “Now, let’s finish what we started … in style, shall we?”

__________


One arm fastened tightly around the pillar, Ion fended himself from Zardin’s maddening assault. Leaning from the pillar next to him, his long black hair spinning wildly, the Xeni unleashed a rapid torrent of strikes over Ion. 

The repeated clings of their blades meeting was drowned by the hysteria raging all over them: the wind flooded the place, senseless and brutal. The walls and the ceiling seemed to shake uncannily. The windows all lay smashed, and large chunks of concrete were sheared off the walls and pillars around them, leaving concrete and glass debris to fly around inside. Squinting to shield his eyes from the wreckage soaring around, Ion fought off the savage fury of the creature nearby him. 

Zardin assailed him with a rain of strikes and blows, his shining blade flying at the speed of light. Ion had never imagined of facing such a scenario where his skill level was forced to stretch beyond ordinary borders. Fending death off by whiskers. Split second gaps. Keeping his mind concrete with focus, he let his blade spin viciously, fighting off the storm of jabs, strikes and slashes that Zardin sent at him, half smothering him. The wreckage bellowing all over them seemed of no importance, for the seat of all his attention was the sword that came flying at him rapidly, aiming to tear him senseless.  

The temple seemed to have climbed to the top of the very sky, and the billowing wind was suddenly erased of all warmth: the gush of the air was cold, frigid, and the rattling of the walls and ceiling grew loftier. Now giant chunks were torn off the walls and ceilings, succumbing to the wind’s violent wrath. The broken debris and wall chunks went flying off out the temple, joining what looked like a ring of wreckage swirling around the temple. 

__________


Two miles above the earth…

The Nyon temple, half wrecked, with a flood of debris spinning around it, came to a halt at the very edge separating sky and space. The chill of the air here bit into the very building.  The wind now sweeping through the structure turned merciless, leaving large chunks of concrete to come sheared off from all over. 

Inside of it, the titanic clash between good and evil had smashed past all boundaries … The Nyon and the Xeni fought through the half demolished structure, half clinging to life against the walls and ceiling all over them. The army brought by the Xeni had now won intense domination over their rivals. The Nyon was now fending off an inevitable doom inside of a half wrecked, demolished structure. 

The scales had now toppled towards the Xeni. They raged over their long hated enemies, now pushing them to the teetering edge of collapse… 

__________


Redgarn crept off the wall, with the cold blast of the wind still pressing him against it. Across the demolished remains of this corridor, Mantra clung to a wall, trying to move. His long white hair was swept backwards in the wind, which kept him from moving, for if he lost his hold even slightly, it would leave him flying off and into the mayhem…

Chuckling sidiously, Redgarn reached for the crystal, which lay pressed to the wall nearby him. He saw Mantra’s eyes widen as they followed him. The old man seemed to muster every ounce of strength and slowly inch forward. Redgarn locked his fingers around the crystal, and brought it closer. You’re now mine!

He turned to see Mantra still struggling against the crashing wind, trying to move forward but unable to. 

“It’s over, old friend.” said Redgarn, shaking the crystal with one hand for Mantra to see. “This will be the end for you. And the beginning … for us.” 

Without warning, Mantra launched himself forth. Redgarn felt his eyelids stretch open as the humble mass of black, with flying long white hair, landed over him. He felt the crystal slip his hold…

“No!” He landed back on the wall, Mantra’s body over him. From the corner of his eye, he saw the plague crystal blown off by the stream of the wind … it went flying towards the end of the corridor … and towards the opening into the skies. 

Summoning all his might, he released a smash that sent Mantra’s old body tossed upwards violently. Mantra went crashing through three floors. Redgarn spun and held his hand out, bringing a steady flow of his mystic powers: the plague crystal stopped where it was, floating in the middle of the corridor against the blast of the wind. 

His hair flipped backwards, Redgarn dived forward, feeling his body split the wind as he ran down the corridor. 

“Aaaagh!”

The sound, faint initially, grew deafening, and all of a sudden, the roof right ahead blasted apart, allowing Mantra to land on the ground right before Redgarn. 

Redgarn gritted his teeth. He ignited his sword and hurled it over. But, dodging it swiftly, Mantra lunged towards the crystal, his cloak flapping. 

__________


Ion continued to clutch the pillar with one hand wrapped around it, his other hand holding his sword. The world had suddenly been plunged into frost all over them: the cruel wind seemed to pierce his skin as it washed over him.

How far up from the ground are we? He wondered. Feels like a few miles!

Zardin stood holding one arm over a nearby pillar, watching Ion hungrily. His blade was ignited, but held lowered slightly. Ion stood there, glaring into his dead eyes.

 “Why can’t you accept the truth, Ion?” mocked Zardin. “Accept who you are?”

“I know who I am.” Ion hissed “Now you will, too.”

He heaved himself forward and struck with his blade. Zardin’s reflexes were uncanny, too quick for Ion: He didn’t even tilt his head to look where the shot was coming. But, as though in alignment with his surroundings, as though drinking in every pore of what went on around him through some other, far more efficient means, he twisted around almost reflexively out of the way, smiling. 

Ion felt a chill ripple through him. How’s he doing that? How does he know what’s going on around him without having eyes?

“I know who you are, dear boy.” said Zardin. “You are a fiend. A murderer. I never dreamt I’d say this, but the things you’ve done,” He gave an impressed nod. “they make me pale in comparison, boy. And that’s really saying something.”

Ion stored the fury bellowing within, and he struck again, letting it erupt out of him…

__________


Dantox tore down the hall, his speed hampered by the dashing wind. The entire temple was coming to ravages: the walls, ceiling and floor were now strewn with cracks, and giant chunks broke off from all over, floating around the insides. 

Behind him, the sound of their billowing cloaks masked by the rage of the wind, came a group of masters. They covered their eyes as they followed him. The group passed a gaggle of Rash-cons led by a Xeni, and took to slicing them down. 

As they battered down the dozen or so robots, knocking the Xeni leading them, Dantox felt his attention deviate: two cloaked figures came hurtling down the hall from the other side. Mantra, and behind him, apparently chasing him … Redgarn! 

Mantra was clutching the plague crystal in one hand, evidently trying to keep it from the hands of the menace behind him. The masters saw what needed to be done. As Mantra passed, without needing a second prompt, they all jumped in the way, blocking Redgarn. Their swords’ light, combined as they stood opposing tyranny, seemed to suddenly leave a gleaming radiance to light the entire hallway. 

Mantra stopped for a quick call to Dantox, who stood behind the group of masters. “Come on, they’ll handle him alone. I need your help!”

With one sweeping glance at Redgarn and the masters waiting to fight before him, Dantox turned and headed after Mantra… 

Mantra and Dantox rocketed down the corridor, knowing that all else was now off importance … Getting the plague crystal out of this Xeni infested place was all mattered now. They rounded a turn and found a batch of Rash-cons tackled by a group of Nyon. They streaked on, knocking the robots out of their way, but not stopping to fight them. 

As they rounded a turn at the end of this hallway, they grabbed two hover boards from the vehicle shed on the right. The only vehicles left – all others had been smashed, crumpled, or blown away by the wind. A hover car lay at the corner, but they left it, carrying the two boards and storming forth. 

The entire structure was now rumbling and shuddering. Giant pieces came ripped off the walls and ceiling all over, so that they had to swerve out of the way at lightspeed to avoid colliding with any of them. They found another duel raging at the end between two figures, both of whom were clinging to two pillars to avoid being swept by the wind. Ion struck, dodged and kicked every ounce of his energy forth against a deadly looking, pale skinned Xeni, whom Mantra sent flying with a smash of his elbow. He grabbed Ion before he went charging after his opponent, and they continued down to the end of the corridor… 

“What the –” began Ion, trying to free himself from Mantra’s grip. “Lemme go – I wanna –”

“It’s over, boy.” Yelled Mantra, over the thundering carnage. “Game’s up. We’re leaving.”

And they arrived at the very end of the corridor, with the walls completely racked apart, and they glimpsed the ring of debris swirling around the temple, threatening to engulf them. Without stopping, without even considering it, ignoring Ion’s gasp of shock and preparing themselves for the sensation of weightless elegance that followed, they jumped…

__________


Amidst the roaring wreckage all over the temple, amidst the chaos and confusion that engulfed the structure as it hung two miles above the ground, three lonesome figures could be seen hurling themselves off the edge of the place. Their motions were elegant, woven in a graceful arc – they went sailing forward for a mean second, before dipping slightly and finally swerving completely groundward … And then the three Nyon went plummeting in a death defying soar towards the ground. 

__________


Ion felt his eyelids flutter at the force of the wind as he rushed towards the ground… 

Two miles below. 

The clouds rushed upwards, letting a splash of moisture hit him hard as he shot right through them. 

Beside him, Mantra soared along in a serene freefall, almost scarily unbothered. Dantox had drifted further off, and the master seemed just as unmindful as Mantra of the fact that the three of them were now plummeting two miles down to the earth. The expanse of greenery unfolding below them seemed to rise upwards slowly, as the three of them dropped faster and faster. 

Mantra suddenly flapped his free hand, swimming closer to Ion.

“We’re gonna die!” shrieked Ion. 

Clutching the plague crystal breathlessly with one hand, Mantra reached behind him with the other. And he unslung a large board that Ion had only noticed now. A hover board. 

“I wouldn’t count on it.” he said, holding Ion by the arm, and setting the board below the two of their feet. They stood over the board, Ion behind Mantra, before the electric engine roared to life. And the fall broke stiffly, all of a sudden, so that Ion felt a heavy jerk hit him from below – an impact of inertia. He twisted his head around and saw that Dantox, too, had been carrying a hover board, and was now soaring off on it. 

The two of them went gliding over the sky, one board with an aged and young man, the other with a lone, middle aged one. 

__________


Forcing down the boiling sensation inside of him, Redgarn stepped past the stirring bodies of the five Nyon. The foolish Nyon who had blocked his path. They had  come in his way, thinking they could hinder him. But he had cast a mere wave of his hand, and they had all been tossed to the side. He would have, in any other predicament, ripped them apart. But he needed to go after something else now, and that filled the priority. 

My crystal! 

Just as he walked, he saw a cloaked figure emerge at the turn at the end of the corridor, his cloak fluttering madly in the wind. Zardin slowly walked upto Redgarn, and calmly said, “Two of them ran past me just now, knocking me as they went by. They jumped out, before flying out on hover boards … One of them was carrying the plague crystal.”

Redgarn stopped where he stood, unmoving. Unblinking. But he could feel something crack within him. 

“You saw this?”

“I can’t see.” said Zardin. “I felt it.”

Redgarn allowed his gaze to slowly move past Zardin to the smashed walls at the end of the corridor, seen outside of which was the swirling ring of debris. Then, slowly rounding about, he fixed his flaming eyes on the five Nyon behind him, who were getting back to their feet, the ones who had blocked him from Mantra. 

“I’LL KILL YOU FOR THIS!” he roared, hurling himself onto the group of five Nyon. “I’LL KILL EVERY ONE OF YOU FOR THIS!!”

__________


As if in response to the temper exploding inside the Xeni leader inside of it, the Nyon temple shuddered nastily. The senseless trembling shook the entire structure to its core. The walls and ceiling and floor of every room, every storey, quaked with a might like no other … Breaking apart, tearing … 

__________


The front of her hand coated with sweat, Vestra stepped back, hesitating for the first time. 

The situation, all of a sudden, seemed to escalate. The trembling of the temple seemed to grow maniacal, and the walls and ceiling seemed to rumble around her. A wrath like no other seemed to erupt through them. 

Her hair spinning wildly, Vestra walked down the wrecked hallway, shielding her eyes from the debris flying all over. And then, piercing the mayhem and wreckage, came a distant scream … a bellow of mad fury. Someone was really angry. 

And the shuddering of the place was suddenly aggravated … with a thundering new rage. 

__________


Through the black expanse of outer space, two hover boards wrapped in shields went zipping past. 

The two of them were streaking past the vacuum chasm with their course set, their journey and its route automated. The two boards stayed in line with each other, keeping the distance of a few metres between them as they travelled. 

In the hover board on the right, Dantox gazed ahead, keeping his feet fixed on the board’s surface. The effect of the neckbreaking speed held no effect as a result of the Plasmon shield encasing the board. He felt almost as though he were standing on still, unmoving ground. Not even a ripple formed on his cloak from the effect of inertia. 

He turned to his right, where the hover board on which Mantra and Ion were, was, sailing at the same level as his. The two of them kept the same line, the distance between them holding throughout, as they blasted through space.

Standing at the back, looking tense, rigid and anxious, was Ion. His sword lay slung over his back, but as he looked in front, there was a blankness in his stare. He seemed to be holding down a raging inner turmoil. Standing in front of him, Mantra was watching the blackness ahead, his hazy white eyes playing with a quiet melancholy. As always, the calm look was unfaltered on his face, but the master’s usually strengthened gaze, as he stared ahead, seemed to bear a new weight. And Dantox knew why, of course… 

Sighing softly, Dantox turned and looked ahead again. 

The stillness of space enveloped the three Nyon on the two hover boards as they shot across millions of miles. They voyaged across the pitch black abyss for ten minutes or so in the same gloomy silence. The same airless silence that seemed to constrict from all around. 

On the hover board in the right, Ion stood with a sense of anxiety choking him from within. The electric buzz of the board’s engine seemed to have been drowned by the pounding within him. The rapid pounding of his heart, fuelled by fear and panic like no other … but not for himself. 

“What about all the others?” he asked through the still silence, placing a hand on Mantra’s shoulder from behind. “What about the masters left in the temple?”

Mantra was quiet for a moment, not even showing signs of having heard Ion. 

“Master -?”

“It doesn’t matter.” He said, and Ion could feel the suppressed regret in his voice. “What matters now is safe.”

He slid his hand into his pocket and drew out the crystal, holding it from behind for Ion to see, before pocketing it again.

Ion gritted his teeth, his temper rising. “We can’t just leave them all behind!” 

Without turning, the elderly man shook his bald head slowly. 

“We have to. If we go back to try and save them, we risk losing what matters most now.”

“But –”

“Ion, we need to safeguard what the brotherhood stood for,” Mantra said quietly. “And the plague crystal being kept off the Xeni is something any number of Nyon would have gladly died to achieve.” His voice bore a painful mixture of sorrow and regret.

Ion turned back, feeling the dead weight in his stomach grow heavier. The entire Nyon temple was now alone, fighting off the onslaught of a ruthless Xeni army in the middle of the sky. The masters were all by themselves now. 

But a part of Ion’s concerns clung to something more aggrieving for him. Vestra and Qyro…

__________


It was over faster than anyone had thought it would be.

Redgarn, Zardin, and the rest of the Xeni now stood in a large platform that was perched higher on the sky than the temple. The giant platform, torn from the Nyon temple, was floating serenely in mid sky, carrying a large group of cloaked, hooded men over it. A group of warships hung about around the large platform, spread over the sky around them. 

Redgarn stood frontmost of the cloaked men on the platform, his red eyes peering scornfully down at the Nyon temple below them. Zardin stepped forward, turning to gaze at Redgarn from between his curtains of long black hair, through the dark sockets that had no eyes. 

“Have they all … been taken care of?” he asked silently.

Redgarn growled, “Every one of them … The brotherhood of Nyon is no more.”

Zardin continued to gaze at his master, something sparking in those black, eyeless sockets … Then, a cruel smile awoke on those pale features.

After hearing that Mantra had escaped with the crystal, Redgarn’s fury had loosened like an uncontained blast. He had struck down every one of the remaining Nyon he found in the temple, crushing them all like ants below a boot … and now, it was over. The temple below then was free at last. Free of the taint of the Nyon. As was the entire world.

Redgarn held up his hand, letting the gush of mental energy which he had kept up till now steadily dissolve. “And so … the ancient brotherhood falls.”

As he let the energy holding the Nyon temple up dissolve, the swirling debris around the structure hanging below them stalled slowly. The Nyon temple hung over the sky, untethered, for one final, fleeting moment … and then, the lifeless structure dropped, along with the flood of debris surrounding it.

__________


As one, the wrecked remains of the Nyon temple, now scoured of all life, plummeted to the ground … across a two mile drop. It violently gathered speed with every passing moment. And its speed, as it rocketed downward through a two mile fall, seemed to split the sky as it fell through it. 

And then, with an explosive splash of wreckage, the temple crashed to the ground. The impact left its shattered, worthless remains to spew across a hundred metres of where it had landed, raining wreckage all over the ground around it. 

The Nyon temple rested in smithereens on the cold earthen floor beneath it. 

A legacy that had carried across eight thousand years, now lying shattered on the ground.


8



Utakor, Outer spectrum

The barren soil was a few inches high, leaving the three pairs of feet to sink into it, muffled and soundless. The deserted plain of this region seemed to stretch on forever. It ran forth, sweeping the land for as far as could be seen, before merging with the horizon at the very edge. 

After leaving the temple, Mantra, Dantox and Ion had flown through the outer spectrum on their hover boards, to this planet. They knew that they had to put as much distance between them and Farnor as possible, to prevent the Xeni from finding them again. And so, they had carried across a painful half hour long journey to reach here. They had decided on this planet, for the reason that it was nearly uninhabited, and cut off completely from the rest of the spectrum. The Xeni would never find them here. 

The vast half hour long journey had sapped their boards’ power drives of all power. They had decided to make their way by foot from where they had landed, with their hover boards scoured of all fuel and worthless. But being stripped of transport made no difference to them now, for they knew that moving from this planet anytime soon would be foolish. After what they had undergone to save the crystal and reach here safely.
 
The heaviness of the situation seemed to press over the three of them cruelly, as they treaded down the deserted lands of the famished planet.

Ion still couldn’t bring himself to face it. The cold truth. A part of him screamed in rebellion, searching for another way … for a way out. But deep down, in the silent depths of his intelligence, he knew there was none. There was no other way, and there was no escaping it.

We’d just met less than a few hours back. He felt a dead weight clutch to his stomach, as the beautiful face flashed across him again. Her face seemed to cross him as a distant shadow, a ghost. Try as he may, he couldn’t block it out … she came back to haunt him. 

The memory of that day, that beautiful day they had met two years back replayed at the back of Ion’s mind, suddenly not seeming so distant at all. It seemed like yesterday … it had been a memory that was carved so beautifully in his mind. And now, the same memory brought a stab of cold like nothing else. Just a few hours back .. And I thought all problems had vanished, when we met. 

He looked up at the stars burning in the night sky. An echo of his grief could be felt resonating in the velvety chasm overhead … the stars willed to share his pain, and bear it.

But Ion knew his pain was his alone…

Vestra was gone. 

He had lost her right after he had found her. 

His eyes burning, Ion reached for his sleeve. 

And Qyro as well … He remembered the two of them and the short, beautiful time they’d shared, standing before the lake outside the temple … before everything came crashing down, reduced to wrecks…

They’re gone. Ion felt the agony and the anguish crash over him like a tidal wave. They’re all gone…

He turned to the two masters by either side, who hadn’t spoken a word. Not one word, since they had landed here. The mournful silence shared by them bore a pain that well surpassed Ion’s. With their gazes firmly set on the ground before them, the two of them walked on slowly … as if pushing their limbs with every ounce of energy in them.

In his own bitterness of losing Vestra and Qyro, Ion had forgotten that they were facing a loss, a grief that was tons heavier: after living for so long, and after being with an entire company of other masters their entire life, Mantra and Dantox had now seen them all destroyed … They had lost every one of their brethren among the Nyon. The three of them were now all that remained … 

And they would have to carry on until the job that the brotherhood of Nyon had stood for was done … or die in vain along with it. 


9




It was past late at night. But the city, as always, was still thriving and brimming with activity. The giant towers sprouting into the skies had a majority of their storeys lit, with people still active in the offices and homes within them. Large passageways built for air vehicles snaked across the place. Circular passages made of a transparent, glass like material. They twisted and twined all about the city, passing through the giant towers and forming a connected network of the city’s structures. Air vehicles flowed in a constant stream within the glass passageways, most of them small ships or hover cars. Hover bikes, and occasional boards could also be spotted. The buzz of vehicles rushed past the tunnels through the towers and all over the city, sustaining the flow of the thriving metropolis. One of the most advanced, and elegant of this day. 

Standing on the large balcony stretching from one of the giant towers was a lone figure in a clean brown suit. For some reason, as Haxor gazed out the balcony, he felt a cruel betrayal: the city’s beauty and its man made, artistic look was a veiled deception to the state of threat it now lay in. The state of threat the entire spectrum lay in.

Fighting off the weariness, Haxor kept himself patient. He had been here, at the Naxim’s headquarters, for almost an entire non stop day now. Without a wink of sleep. For the past few hours, the entire high council and he had worked furiously, contacting all of their bases, setting them to the state of alert. Hiring various intelligence networks to help them with this. But nothing at all seemed to add up to give them a response. They were as good as clutching at straws. The mystics they were after were as good as ghosts, and they knew finding them was going to be far harder than imaginable. 

For a few quiet moments, Haxor let his gaze float about the urban scenery before him. 

His mind was running over the problem with an incessant grit, trying to find a means to reach a solution for it. But as Haxor continued to look out the balcony silently, he felt a rising foreboding. Something in the atmosphere seemed to bear down over the entire world like a cage. Haxor had the strangest feeling that this dark, threatening phase that they were going through was only going to get worse. 

Sighing, he turned and headed back to his office. 


10




Sitting with his legs spread in front on the chair, Redgarn allowed himself a few moments of silent pondering. To consider his next move. The world was almost his now. 

There was only that tiny smudge that the plague crystal had failed to be recovered. But they would set that right too, in time. Yes, they would. 

The ship they were now in was a large, silver one, its hull sprawling and lavish. Standing about the back of the hull were a small group of Xeni. Redgarn was sitting right before the control desk, watching the expanse of star strewn black through the window ahead of him. 

He frowned, trying to think through the radio playing from the ship’s desk:

“- protests have flared in the Varido republic over the rising electroz prices. The citizens have channelled –”

Although he knew he was wavering in focus, Redgarn felt the nature of the newsline draw him slightly. Negativity. The media feeds, thrives on negativity. On anarchy. What a tragedy … for this world, that is. And what a blessing for us.

“The rebel forces at the corner of the Svarion Empire had claimed responsibility for the serial blast that had I two days back. The empire has seen a widespread –”

Redgarn clasped his hands tighter, inhaling slowly to let his mind gather focus. He sat idly for a minute or so, while a part of his mind stayed attuned to the mostly negative news.

“King Xurin, the executive head of the Kingdom of Sunatra, has just been reported missing,” the reporter was now saying. “Sources claim of the involvement of the separatist forces –”

“Oh, turn that trash off, won’t you?” snarled Redgarn, now feeling really irritated with his inability to focus because of the radio’s negative news feed ranting.

One of the Xeni, who had been sidled by the wall of the hull behind, came hurrying up and jabbed a button, and the annoying reporter’s voice was instantly doused. 

Enjoying the silence, Redgarn mulled over what needed to be done, his eyes perched on the starry chasm their ship was now tearing though mindlessly. 

For the meanest moment, his thoughts zapped back to that moment, more than an hour ago, where he had crushed them all. Crushed the entire Nyon like bugs beneath his foot. The sight of the temple plunging from the skies and smashing to smithereens … it was a sight that Redgarn would treasure for all of time. 

It happened over an hour ago, and yet Redgarn re lived it every moment since. And he revelled in it. 

He knew that despite their failure to recover the crystal, things were still proceeding in a good direction. The plan was going rather well. 

But the crystal is the key element to the plan … and we’ll be needing it.

Redgarn scowled, slightly irked at the thought. He knew this was true. And the fact that they didn’t have the crystal obtained when they were so easily suited to, left him annoyed. He pushed the thought away, not letting himself be bothered: he knew that the crystal would be re obtained very soon. As of now, there were other things they needed to cast their focus towards. 

Redgarn’s scowl deepened as he mentally ran over the next stage of the plan. A plan eight thousand years in the making. And now, the time was here at last. Their time was here. Nobody would ever see them coming. 

“Well, enough time for thinking.” He decided, getting to his feet and sweeping around to face the other Xeni. “The clock ticks, and the world awaits us.”

He strode down the hull, pausing before Zardin to beckon him by his side. The two of them exited the ship’s hull, and went striding down the corridors outside of it. 

“Well, the plan’s all set then.” Asked Zardin. “I presume the time has come for action.”

Redgarn smiled as the two of them treaded down the unlit, gloomy corridor. “Indeed …  We are now proceeding with phase 1 of the plan.” He turned to Zardin. “The beginning.”

Zardin smiled. “The beginning of the end.”

They arrived at the end of the long, dark corridor, and stood facing each other for a brief moment. A small cupboard lay by the wall of their right, beside where the two of them stood, looking meaningfully at each other. 

Smiling, Redgarn wrenched open the door to the cupboard, allowing the bound, gagged body of King Xurin to collapse sideways, landing on the floor by his feet.

“They think,” said Redgarn, bending low over the gagged body of the King. “that some stupid separatist group is responsible for your capture.”

Zardin let out a low hum of laughter.

“Who do they think they’re kidding?” asked Redgarn, so close to the gagged face of the bound King that his breath would surely fall hot on the man’s face. “We just kidnapped you without leaving the meanest trace of evidence, or any sort of lead behind … and they think some pathetic non mystic separatist group’s behind it?” 

Zardin bent down and plucked out the man’s gag, so that he gave a gasp of surprise and long contained breath. 

“What –” he started, his breath rattling. “What do you – want with me?” 

The two Xeni exchanged a fleeting grin, then turned back to the man below them.

“We require a certain, err…” Zardin trailed off, pretending to search for the right word.

“A certain service from you, my dear King.” Finished Redgarn, and in the darkness, his smile would have appeared to flame with viciousness. 


11




Since landing, the three of them had been ploughing across the vast desert worthlessly. They had walked for well over an hour now, only to find nothing at all here. Ion peered as far as he could, but the gloomy sands seemed to stretch all the way upto the horizon and nothing at all, no structure, was faintly visibly anywhere out there. Mantra and Dantox were walking by his right and left, both of their eyes fixed ahead. The three of them had been trotting through the desert soil in shared silence. 

But it was the silence that was unbearable. Ion racked his brains to find some way, some hope to cling to … to believe that the impossible could have happened. And Vestra and Qyro were not dead. But in all his honesty, he knew that it couldn’t be. He knew that he had to face the reality. And reality was that the two of them were gone. As were the rest of the Nyon. 

Forcing down the upsurge of emotion, he turned to Mantra.

“What now?” He felt like he was speaking for the first time in a few dazed centuries. “It’s all over. There’s nothing left for us. Everything’s gone. What do we move on for now?”

Mantra slowly unfroze his gaze from ahead and turned to him. 

“We move on to protect what our brotherhood stood for.” He turned back ahead, shaking his head. “To protect the cause they died for … and die for it ourselves, if need be. We move on because we are destined to be greater than the twists and turns of fate.”

His soft voice carried the weight of a new sorrow, but it hadn’t lost the resolve ingrained in it. 

“We are but facing a repetition of history, Ion.” He went on. “And the last time this happened, we were in a brighter position than we are now. The last time, the Nyon had a strength like no other, and we fought with the might that we bore during those ancient days. The last time, we had the Grael conch, the entire army of watchmen by our side. And lastly,” He turned and fixed his white eyes on Ion. “the last time, the spectrum was a far more friendly environment. And our struggle was supported, instead of being opposed. We were well known and revered, instead of being hated and prosecuted. The last time, we were at an age of light. But now, if you look around you, you will find nothing at all but darkness and gloom.” He stopped for a dry sigh. “But we have the one tool that we haven’t lost across eight millennia. The one tool that has allowed us to stand for eight millennia. And I believe this tool will suffice however dreaded our fate may turn…”

Ion cocked an eyebrow. “What tool?”

A weak smile flickered on Mantra’s wizened features. “The greatest of them all … Endurance.”

“Yeah?” Ion felt his jaws lock. “And exactly where’s endurance left us now? In ashes!” He bellowed, feeling the anger spill out of him. “Everything we know, everything we’ve worked for … it’s all gone, and we’re standing here as helpless as the ants beneath our feet now!”

Mantra regarded him with the same, completely unfazed look. 

“All the masters are dead!” yelled on Ion. “We’re the only three left among the Nyon. Redgarn’s just returned, and the Xeni order’s come back to its full power. What in the world are we even here for, right now?” 

His voice carried across the desert, lingering in echoes. His hands curled, he felt himself shake with grief and rage … But beneath it all, beneath the despair, what really tormented him was the knowledge. The knowledge that after living a life tainted with crime and villainy, he had failed to make up for it with something good. He had hoped to help the Nyon with the dark time they were now struggling against. But he had come here to achieve nothing. He had tried his best to erase the blotch of his evil past with something good in the present, but everything had come crashing down upon them…

And now, he would go to the grave as the evil assassin he had been. Because that had been all his life had come to at the very end. That was all his existence in this world added upto.

And it was that knowledge that was the real suffering. 

He felt a soft hand land on his shoulder. He turned to see that it was Dantox, who was gently patting him. 

“We need to keep our minds steeled.” the Brownling said. “Whatever comes, we need to brace ourselves for it, and do what we must. This is probably the darkest time of our existence. And for that one reason, we need to keep ourselves together. We can’t afford to lose it now.” He shook his head. “Unless you would rather let all of it, all the struggle we have bore with across eight millennia go to complete waste. Unless you would rather let the sacrifices of not only our present masters, but the entire legacy of masters who have striven to keep the Nyon up across eight painful millennia, go to complete vain.”

Ion fought with himself for a moment, and then took in a deep, long breath, calming himself as best as he could. But whatever he did, the pain lay hardened at the base of his stomach. The pain of what he had just lost. He continued to heave deep, calming breaths, trying to forget the two of them. He knew he had to put them out of his mind. And focus on the task now. For if not, as the other two masters rightly said, their losses would go in complete waste. 

And Ion knew that he could not let that happen. 

For Vestra…

A blaze awakened within him, scouring all else from his mind. He took a final deep breath, relishing the chilly desert air as it flowed into his lungs. Then, he stepped forward and turned to face the two masters. They came to a halt, watching him. 

“All right.” he said, feeling the iron in his own tone. “What’s the plan? … What are we to do now? They’ve just taken everything from us. And we’re left with the task of avenging them. All of them.” His hands behind his back, he paced back and forth as he spoke. “Exactly what is our goal now?”

Mantra and Dantox exchanged a quick glance. Then, Mantra dug into his pocket and held out the crystal again. 

“We safeguard this.” he said, his voice just as steeled as Ion’s. “We’ve sacrificed too much in the course of protecting it from the Xeni. And we make sure our sacrifice does not fall in vain, as Dantox rightly said.”

“We were very lucky to have escaped.” Dantox said darkly. “If the Xeni had actually gotten what they came for, we would have nothing at all left.”

“Our duty now, is to safeguard the crystal.” said Mantra, and he pocketed the crystal. “We stay here and keep ourselves lying low.”

“Here?” asked Ion. 

Mantra nodded. “This planet is by far a safer one than most others. And the Xeni have no means of finding us at all. We keep ourselves well hidden here.”

Ion turned and looked down the desert expanse. It ran forth forever, merging with the dark starlit blanket overhead at the horizon.

“What do we do here?” he asked, turning back to the other two. “This place looks almost dead. It’s probably uninhabited by man beings.”

Mantra shook his head. “It’s better that way. A planet that is uninhabited is the best for hiding. It’s the type of planets that you’re least likely to run into trouble at.” 

“And in either case, it was not completely uninhabited at one point.” Illuminated Dantox. “Utakor used to have stray dwellers here a century or two back … though very faint numbers of them, though.”

“How’s that going to help us now?” asked Ion. “Where do we stay?”

“There will be abandoned homes, shops or something that we’ll find here somewhere.” said Mantra hopefully. “And we will find them if we keep on.” 

Ion spread his hands, gesturing to the endless desert around them. “It doesn’t look like we’re likely to find anything at all here.”

Mantra smiled, nodding. “Patience, young one.”

“We’ll keep walking until we do.” said Dantox, smiling. “And we’re bound to.”

Ion tried to find the best solution to this mess. “But isn’t there a way to … get rid of the crystal?” He looked from Mantra to Dantox. “So that we can end this for all!”

He had expected the two of them to shoot him down with a quick ‘no’, but to his surprise, they exchanged a knowing glance. But Mantra then looked at Ion and gave a heavy shake of his head. “As of now, no.”

“What do you mean ‘as of now’?”

“Right now, we cannot do anything at all.” said Dantox, also shaking his head. “Our current position does not give us such luxury. Right now, we’re in a situation where the best we can do is hide here, and keep the crystal safe with us. And that’s all we are going to do for now.”

Mantra let his white eyes peer across the desert stretch for a second. He then gave a sharp nod. 

“Let’s go.”

And the three of them together ploughed on down the endless desert.

As they treaded on in silence, Ion’s thoughts worked over the mess they were now in. A dark time had fallen upon them all. And they couldn’t be more helpless in facing it than they were now. He couldn’t help but strain his wonders as to what awaited them next in this dark, twisty path they were wading through. What lay ahead now? What more were they going to be forced to face, after this … after losing it all? What were the Xeni upto, as of now? What devious schemes could they be working on next? Ion gulped, hoping they didn’t have to find out. 

He knew that they were left now, with enough misery to last a lifetime. 

Trying his best to ignore the pain broiling within him, Ion walked on in silence with the other two. The three unfortunate ones… 

The three last survivors among the survivors. 


12




The large desk placed in the middle of the lavish, hall like room had been Garnez’s stationed work spot for almost a decade now. He was now sitting in elegant comfort with his back leaning against the chair, his legs locked before him. 

The room’s window behind him gave him a sprawling, magnificent view of the city of Cratonar. Other towers went soaring up higher than this tower, the official one of the company Garnez worked for. Here, he was given a room in the two hundred and eleventh floor. But this was considered close to the basement – this tower, the tower of their company, was the tallest one there was in this planet. It rose up to seven hundred storeys, almost piercing the very first layers of space itself. The construction of this magnificent tower had invited slight opposition, for the dangerous height it was meant to peak to. And after countering the opposition, their company certainly had no easy time building it…
 
Reclining against his chair, Garnez swung it to face the front of his office. His eyes fell over the opposite wall, where a large glass shelf lay. Inside of it, stored in a priceless hold, were a spread of guitars. Electric guitars, and a few acoustic ones too. 

Guitars and rock had always been Garnez’s greatest passion. And driven by this passion for rock, he had started a wide collection of electric guitars and other rock instruments. The ones in the glass shelf were a meagre fraction of his entire collection: he kept a wide variety of the beautiful instruments in his showroom. And his passionate collection of guitars was ever keen on extending and giving room for adding newer ones. 

He gazed fondly at the guitars arranged across the opposite shelf. Then, stifling a bored yawn, he rose and walked over to the window by his right. As he looked out the window, his sight met the several other gigantic towers that shot skyward around his. They were all enveloped by the thinnest layer of mist, and cloud. 

The rest of the towers he saw out the window reflected the same slender build. With an artistic touch. Most of them were built to store offices like his, while some were also residential towers. Balconies extended from the residential towers, sprawling for a wide arena outside of the flats. Parked with hover cars and ships. Vehicles went zipping past in well regulated streams. Hover cars, bikes and small ships. 

Hanging in the middle of the sky, a large red orb could be clearly seen. This was a moon of this planet, and their closest companion in this state which comprised of seven planets. Haolo, the red planet seen upon the sky, was the closest moon there was to them, less than half the distance of the other two moons. 

Garnez had been used to the sight of the deep red moon tracing its path down his window for years now. Despite being small, Haolo was the second biggest hub in their state, after this planet. He looked at the deep red orb frozen in the sky for a moment. It was perched right opposite to a glowing orange orb, which was gradually sinking towards the horizon as dusk approached. 

Garnez continued to gaze out the window, relaxing for a few seconds, before realising that he had work to do… 

As if on cue, his z-com burst into screeching. An incoming call. 

“Yes?” he asked, looking into the holo screen that formed above the device as he answered the call. 

His assistant Crig was staring out of the screen. “Sir there’s a delivery for you. Seems like the electric guitar you ordered two weeks back has finally arrived.”

About time. Thought Garnez, remembering the order he had placed for his latest guitar, from a store in a nearing planet. Almost half a month back.

“All right, send him in.” he said, and Crig nodded. 

Cutting the link, he pocketed his z-com, and waited.

It’s taken them two weeks for it, he complained inwardly. I thought they’d gone dead on the order. 

He sat back and yawned, throwing his hands out in a wild stretch. Less than a minute later, his Rash-con guards were carrying into the room a large plastic box shaped rectangular. They dragged the large guitar container to the end of his office, and gently laid it before him. 

Garnez rose from his seat and walked before it. The guitar’s casing was grander and larger than those he had ordered in the past. Something about it made him tingle with excitement.

And here is the newest member to the collection. Heaving a quick breath, he bent down over the large container and opened the lid. 

And inside of the large container lay the dead body of King Xurin. The man everyone in this planet was now screaming for.


13




In all his days as the commissioner chief of the police forces of Sunatra, Ratino had never before been left so stricken … so wordless, as he was now. 

The office was buzzing with police officers, with journalists and media representatives bursting to enter it from the corridor outside. They were all staring, their faces gaunt, at the coffin lying amidst the room. The coffin holding King Xurin’s dead body. 

Ratino stood facing the desk in the office, hanging over which was a large holo screen with the defense secretary’s face. The only man now reliable for what looked like a scenario fast escalating towards a crisis…

“When did this happen, Ratino?” asked the defense secretary, looking at Ratino from inside the screen.

Ratino turned to the man owning this office, Garnez, who looked rattled by what had happened.

“Less than ten minutes.” Garnez answered in a small voice, looking at the screen. 

The defense secretary’s eyes sank to the coffin by the floor below the desk, a mild frown settling on his brow. 

After the ghastly incident had sprang to the surface, the authorities had been called in instantly by a terrified and panic stricken Garnez. At first, when Ratino had heard Garnez recount what had entered his office, disguised and hidden in a coffin, he felt his heart stop momentarily. His first passing thought was that this was some lunatic’s idea of a joke. He even went to the extent of threatening to throw Garnez into prison for making what he thought was prank call. But Garnez pressed on, and Ratino found that the note of trepidation in his voice unmistakable… 

And so, Ratino and his police forces swept into swept into the place, their hearts pounding. And they realised that it was no joke. It had all been real. Their King had been kidnapped by an unknown entity. Murdered. And then sent back in a guitar shaped coffin… 

Twisted as could be. 

Ratino looked back at the defense minister, ignoring the slight thudding sensation within his chest. “So … the separatists weren’t involved in this after all?”

He looked out the window as he asked it, looking beyond the many other towers rising beside theirs, merging into the clouded skies above. Somehow, for the first time in his days here, the scenic sight of this high tech city melted from his mind’s grasp, bearing no amusement or awe that it would have otherwise. The red orb perched in the middle of the sky, their closest moon Haolo, seemed to boil in a furied red colour … a veil of foreboding and horror had risen over the world.

The defense minister nodded gravely. “Apparently not … so, who, then?”

Ratino kept his grim gaze latched to the coffin, his hand below his chin. He was quietly grappling with the impossibility of what had just happened… 

Around him, other members of his police squad were involved in their own grave discussions. 

“-but who?”

“-surely they would –”

“- wasn’t the separatists –”

Ratino firmly turned and held up an arm, and a hushed quiet filled the room instantly. He turned to one of the cops beside him. “Search the entire coffin.”

The man nodded and bustled forward towards the coffin. He bent down and searched the large container, trying to find anything else hidden in it other than the body. And as he finished, to their utter bewilderment, he found that the lunatics responsible for this had left something else for them in the coffin… 

A toy doll.

They had found it hidden behind the King’s body. 

A toy doll?! Ratino felt everything trickle out of his grasp, out of his understanding. What the hell’s going on here? 

As the cop who had searched the coffin held it out to him, Ratino took it very warily. Feeling as though something was very, very wrong here. 

The entire room had frozen in a state of stunned, slightly edgy silence, as Ratino considered the toy doll in his hands, twisting and turning her around. All eyes in the room were widened as they watched the doll, as though convinced that it wasn’t what it looked like. As Ratino himself was. But as a puzzled Ratino scanned it closely, he realised that it was exactly what it looked like – a completely normal toy rag doll. 

“What the hell is this?” The defense minister’s voice broke the stunned silence. He was staring at the doll through the holo screen, just as perplexed as everyone else in this room was. 

Ratino responded without taking his eyes off the doll in his hands. “We were all wondering the very same thing, sir.” He looked up for a second to meet the man’s eyes. “And I have the feeling we’re about to find out.”

Turning the key sticking from the back of the doll, Ratino wound the doll and placed it on the floor. 

The toy walked about, with some kiddish tune playing from its speaker at the back … a tune that made Ratino’s scalp prickle for some reason. In this current scenario. 

What’s going on here?

The entire room was fastened in utter silence, watching the doll. It was the most bizarre few seconds in the lives of the people in the room. The toy continued to trot about, the toddler’s tune playing from its speaker. 

As a few seconds passed, the doll’s wounding stopped. The toy came to a halt and the childish tune playing in its speaker died… 

As though on split second cue with the doll’s stopping, the red planet seen on the skies outside was engulfed in a bright, orange flare. Their moon Haolo disappeared behind a violent explosion, a flash of orange that seemed to shoot outwards, turning white hot. Appearing to illuminate the entire skies for the briefest span of a second or two. And then the white light then sucked itself back to the spot it started with, and vanished. But the red planet was no longer there. Haolo had been destroyed. 

Ratino stood rooted to the spot, the entire room around him struck dumb in silence. Unblinking, he stared at where Haolo had disappeared – for a moment, everything around seemed to have swirled into a haze. 

The doll standing on the floor swayed and fell sideways, the thud of its landing seeming to thunder amidst the silence. 

“What is it?” came the tense voice of the defense minister, who obviously couldn’t see what had happened from the angle of the screen. “What’s happened?”

As Ratino turned to him, he saw that the screen was flickering. There seemed to be some disruption and the minister’s image was being fazed.

“The signal’s –” the minister called through the flickering signal, before his face was erased fully. And now, another face was staring out. A face that was as pale as a corpse’s … with eyeless, blank sockets that gazed out as though seeing. 

“Surprise, surprise.” The man’s voice was sharper than a hiss, seeming to slit the air through the dumbstruck silence. “I see you might have received our little present.”

Ratino quickly pushed away the panic and dread flooding him. For he knew that the time now was for action. Focus. They were now facing war. 

“You blew up an entire planet?” he said softly, walking upto the screen so that the man’s face seemed to grow lifelike before him. “You killed our King, and then blew up our moon … an entire planet? Just who do you think you are?”

“I’m the breeze that wafts through your skies,” replied the man. “slowly rolling into a wind, and gathering force into a surge … and now finally,” He smiled. “raging forth as a storm.”

Ratino took a step forward, now closer than an inch to the face in the screen. “What do you want?” 

He had to summon every ounce of grit lying in him to keep from flinching as he stood with eyes locked onto those blank sockets. As the silence after his question carried on, the man tilted his head to one side, seeming faintly amused. And a twisted smile spread across his pale lips. 

“I want peace, dear man.”  He reached into his cloak pocket, drawing a small trigger like device. “And my peace … is your chaos.” 

He pressed the button on the device, and a sudden beeping cut the air in the room, coming from the dead body of the emperor, which lay inside the coffin. 

What the hell?! Ratino stared at the body of their King, horrified. The beeping seemed to emit from the corpse’s stomach.

“The bomb’s not diffusible.” said Zardin. “So don’t try it. And we’ve installed sensors – if you take it outside of the perimeter of that wonderful building you’re in, it’ll instantly go off. So I suggest you focus your resources on something that would be a little more enterprising: trying not to die.”

Alarm swallowed the room. 

Mayhem burst out, and the screams in the room drowned out the beeping noise … and the high pitched laughter of the maniac in the screen. 

In a minute or two, Ratino was in his hover bike, zooming away from the tower – the largest tower in the planet. Every other member of the room had flown off in every other direction. He peeled a slight glance to floor two hundred and eleven. And just as he did, it happened – the bomb went off. A savage blast blew apart the entire floor, seeming to race outwards. The fiery orange cloud broke out for the entire width of the structure, shearing it fully apart. 

As Ratino rode on, his widened eyes were fastened to the tower. The tallest tower in the planet slowly broke at one of its lowest floors. The tower slowly swayed to the right, and then fell. 

Ratino felt something bubble in his stomach as he watched the tower hit at least a dozen other giant towers, breaking them as well and sending them sliding to the ground. The tower’s height seemed to crawl on for miles as it angled slowly to the right, now having reached a ninety degree dip. It smashed onto a final, looming tower, which was knocked off and fell as well… 

The giant structure tore off completely from its base, and sank to the ground. The length of the tower seemed to spawn for a few horrifying miles, all through which crashing, destructive noises ensued as it smashed onto the city … at least a hundred or so other structures, below on ground, would have been crushed by it. 

__________


Millions of miles away, Zardin watched as the holographic screen disappeared. And he knew the office displayed inside of it had as well. 

They were now in their ship in mid space. He could feel the surroundings of the hull he stood in. 

“Phase 1 complete.” Came Redgarn’s rough voice from behind him. He stepped forward beside Zardin, smiling. “And now, it is time for phase 2 … the grand finale.”

A few other Xeni standing behind the two of them chuckled cruelly. 

Redgarn looked out the window ahead. At the starry chasm of space, which the ship was frozen amidst: they had stopped the ship here for the time being, until the doll’s operation had been finished. 

“When we finish this,” Redgarn said. “anarchy would be unleashed at long last … the force of Mezmeron would have devoured this world once more.” He turned to Zardin, his smile stretching slightly. “This will be entertaining to watch.”

Zardin couldn’t help smiling himself. “It most certainly will be. Not only for us.” He looked at Redgarn. “I’ll warm up the show … and then let you take over as the star act.”

Redgarn’s voice rumbled the inside of the hull in a terrible laughter. 

Zardin turned to the pack of Xeni behind them and barked, “Set the co ordinates, and take the ship off. It’s show time.”

One of the cloaked men hurried up and stood before the control desk, punching digits on it. A holo screen formed over the air atop the desk, a piloting screen. The Xeni felt a very faint pulling sensation, and then the ship was in motion, tearing down the starry abyss. 


14




Mantra had been right: as lifeless as the place they had landed in seemed, they had managed to find a deserted, lonesome restaurant perched amidst the deserted expanse. In the middle of nowhere. 

It was a large one storeyed structure with glass walls. They entered it through the front door. Inside, large round tables lay spread around the place, with a thick layer of dust gathered over them. A clutter of dragonfly like creatures, unlike anything seen in planets elsewhere, were buzzing about the place, over some of the tables. They all had curious looking multicoloured wings. 

At the front lay a counter, with a door opposite to them. The place was large enough for them to spend their time here in complete desolate peace. 

“This used to be a restaurant.” Observed Mantra, with a thoughtful look. 

“So?” asked Ion. 

“So we may find something here that stands a chance to be more useful than the rest of the place appears.”

With that, he bustled over behind the counter, running his eyes over the back of it. He disappeared behind the counter as he bent down looking for something. 

“This place used to have a TV.” Came Mantra’s voice from behind the counter. 

“Does it still function?” asked Dantox, sounding excited. “Well, check if it does! I have a strange feeling that we’ll be needing to catch up on the news.”

Mantra’s voice could be heard playing in an amused chuckle. “I have that very same feeling.”

They could hear him pressing a button from behind. And then, as he straightened back up, the three of them turned to the corner of the restaurant: at the edge of the counter, tilted in an angle that allowed the entire place to see it, a large holographic screen arose. 

Mantra turned to the two of them with a smile. “It works.”

He bent down again, and the channels flicked across the screen one by one, stopping at a news channel. He then came back around the counter and joined the other two as they stood there in the middle of the abandoned place, watching the large holo screen intently. 

As Mantra had rightly predicted, the news channel they were now watching displayed was showcasing something far graver than a usual day’s news: The reporter sitting in front with a stack of papers on his desk was narrating heatedly, about a series of intense terrorist attacks the spectrum had come under within a few hours this day…

The first was the attack on the Mech laboratory in Tansof.

Next, an entire cruiser had been blown up. 

Next (as the three of them listened in horror to this latest update), Evander, the chief high councillor of the Naxim, two other Naxim high councillors, and a bunch of policemen had been lured into a trap and killed by a mysterious bomb. The suspect here was the same bunch of mystics responsible for the earlier two attacks. Although they had no proof of this. 

Mantra exhaled slowly, shaking his head solemnly. “I think this is worse than it looks.”

But he had spoken too soon…

Just minutes in, something fresh broke in the news:

The reporter informed them, unable to hide the shock in his own face, of how an entire moon in the state of Sunatra had just been destroyed by the same mystic group just minutes back. The terrorists had sent the dead body of King Xurin with a bomb inside of it. And this bomb created widespread wreckage in the planet when it exploded in the lower level of the planet’s tallest structure. 

Shock and horror flooded Ion. “They blew up an entire planet?” 

The three Nyon switched the same horrified looks.

“It’s happening again,” said Mantra gravely. “They’re plunging the world into anarchy. Allowing the force of Mezmeron to thrive, so that they can release the demon army.”

Dantox frowned at the screen, thoughtful for a few seconds. 

“Our position isn’t that bad, just yet.” he said finally. “Firstly, we have the crystal There’s nothing they can do without it. And secondly, even if they wanted to release the army of Mezmeron, they would require far, far graver chaos and anarchy than just this.”

“I don’t doubt they’re not capable of it.” said Ion. “Seeing from what they’ve accomplished till now.”

The reporter in the screen went on:

“The newly elected high council leader of the Naxim, Haxor, has agreed to present himself at this grave hour. Haxor has a message to send to the rest of the spectrum in this period of graveness marked … by the return of mystics.” 

She looked across the room, and the camera moved across to show a door at the other side of the room. As the door slid open, Haxor, the newly elected Naxim high council leader, stood there. 

But something in his features seemed blank, devoid of a trace of life bound expression. The next second, everyone saw why: Haxor’s body crashed to the floor and Zardin, who had been standing behind him, holding his body upright, strutted into the room with raised hands.

A set of sharp gasps could be heard from the rest of the room, the reporters and the other personnel in the news room. 

“Oh, don’t worry about him.” said Zardin, gesturing to the body of the Naxim leader. “He’s just out. He’ll come around. But as for you people…”

He produced a Sparkler from his cloak pocket and, without warning, pelted jets of light with it across the room. Ion heard the room echo with a set of thuds repeatedly, as all the people in the news studio hit the ground, unconscious or dead. The camera slackened and tilted, as the man holding it also fell prey to the Sparkler shots. 

Through the slanted camera angle, a thoroughly flabbergasted Ion watched as Zardin pocketed the Sparkler. Kicking aside the unconscious body of the Naxim leader, he slowly walked up before the camera. Clasping it with both hands, he brought it to level with his horrible face, and smiled widely. 

“Welcome people,” he declared, his cold, blank sockets seeming to burn with malice. “Welcome to the new age. This is the newsflash that has been waiting for eight thousand years to reach the world.”

__________


Iranor, Calitone republic, Cluster 21

Lying in a small curl on the sofa, Algine twiddled with her thumb. An empty plate with muffin crumbs sat in front of her on the sofa. All evening, she had been fretting over the upcoming promotion she was facing, and of the implications that rode along with it. Completely absorbed in her worries, she had drifted well out of the present – but this had now knocked her back into it.

“You are now witnessing a new dawn.” said the man, who had just walked into the news studio and shot down everyone in it.

As Algine processed in complete detail what she was seeing, a wave of unworldly horror seized her.

The creature standing before the camera had no eyes … just blank, dark sockets that stared about, as if able to see everything in perfect clarity. His skin was pale, like a corpse’s. And his hair hung on both sides of his face in long, black curtains. He was the single most horrifying sight she had ever seen…

“By the time you finish watching this,” the creature said, and his pale features twisting in something of a smile. “the world will never be the same again.”

The plate with muffin crumbs in front of her slipped off the sofa and crashed to the floor.  

__________


Valton, Dron Kingdom, Cluster 18

“I’m here as a mentor to this world,” the man went on, his every word seeming to sharpen the silence. It was turning dagger like now. The entire shopping mall seemed to have come to a standstill, with the giant screen in the middle of the main hall sucking every drop of attention there was in it. What they had just witnessed had engraved itself on the minds of every man, woman and child. The crowd standing speechless over the hall were now looking at proof. Proof of Satan’s existence in their world. And they all knew, as they looked into those deadly features of the killer who had attacked the new studio, that they were looking at the face of Satan himself. 

“I’m here as a mentor to the new times.” went on the man, the smile spreading longer on his pale face. “I will guide you, and I will teach you. And your first and most important lesson … is exactly how painful life can get.”

__________


Aronor, Garanog republic, Cluster 31

The crowd was struck senseless as they watched the giant holo screen over the centre of their street. A deathly silence had stolen over them all. The only sounds heard were the faint revving of electrical engines from the sky overhead, where vehicles zoomed past.

The man’s last words, seemed to leave a reverberating echo in the air.

And your first and most important lesson … just how painful life can get.

And as the crowed before the large screen in the middle of the screen watched, the eyeless man slowly turned to face the door of the news studio, through which he had entered. 

The room door slid open, and there, stood another horrific figment of creation … nearly as horrific as this eyeless man. This man had skin that seemed to be formed of molten lava. Scorching red. His bead like red eyes seemed to gleam. He walked into the news studio, stepping in front of the other man… 

The crowd before the screen held their breaths, their flesh rippling. And as they gaped at the screen, where the terrifying scene was being relayed to them, the red man’s lips twitched in a mirthless grin. 

“Ladies and gentlemen of the spectrum,” he said softly. “I have waited for eight thousand years for it. And now, allow me to tell you that my name … is Redgarn.”

The final word of this proclamation seemed to leave behind a thundering effect. 

The crowd gathered before the screen looked at each other, eyes widened, jaws open. Half of them were beginning to question the validity of what they were watching, but Redgarn threw his head back and gave a cackle of laughter.

“This is not a joke, dear world.  I’ve come back, after eight long millennia for you. To haunt you.”

__________


Finiros, Mraud republic, Cluster 65

Every pair of eyes in the hallway was peeled wide. The air in the large office seemed to stagnate, a sense of unreality and horror breeding through the silence. 

The hall seemed to have forgotten itself. Forgotten everything other than the large screen perched amidst it.

Everyone in the office, every fully functional intelligence in the hall was exploding with the same question:

Redgarn? … The Redgarn?

Could what they had heard really be?

The short silence passed and the man with the ravaged look went on:

“You oppressed us. You prosecuted and chased us out. For eight thousand years my brethren, the mystics, have suffered at the hands of this deluded world. And now,” He tilted his head, and the rip of a smile formed on his face. “we return what you gave us.” 

He walked forward, so that his terrible features magnified over the screen. “This will be the day you shall all remember. The day the Order of Xeni returns…”

A loud cling came as someone in the office dropped a z-com, the sound ten times as loud in the silence. 

“After eight thousand years of exile, hidden in the darkest depths of this spectrum,” went on Redgarn. “We now come back to finish what we started … and our fury has never been worse. My fury has never been worse. I shall prove it to you, today.”

__________


Larovez, Selicron republic, Cluster 62

The earlier bustle and commotion in the hotel had now died out, leaving a piercing silence. Every face in the large, elegant hallway had its eyes strapped to the screen, watching the realm’s greatest horror now return to life… 

“This day shall forever mark our return” Redgarn continued. “This is the day the spectrum suffers for its treachery, and its mistreatment of its own people – or rather, the greatest kind among its people. Today we release a wrath like no other, pent up through eight thousand years.” 

Redgarn paused, and drew in a deep breath. “We have wired ten planets in the spectrum with high end electro bombs. And every one hour, we shall blow one of them off…” 

He said this very slowly, as if giving space for every word to sink in, and stab his audience.

Redgarn’s smile stretched longer. “Oh, don’t just sit there: you never know, one of them could be your planet, couldn’t it?”

Suddenly, the silence was in the hotel was breaking, and panic and confusion were sparking. People looked about gasping and muttering, their faces all rising with alarm. 

__________


Palem, Udro republic, Cluster 41

The air in the conference room was as cold as ice. Every pair of eyes sitting around the large conference table was gauntly stretched wide, watching the news channel. The holo screen that was showing this new madness hung before the wall at the back of the room. And Redgarn stared out with his bead like, red eyes from inside of the holo screen. Red eyes that seemed to sear the air in the room as they gazed out at it.

What he had just declared left a deafening blare in the minds of everyone in the conference room. 

Ten bombs. In ten planets… 
	
Could this really be happening?

“Let me repeat,” Redgarn cleared his throat. “There are ten unnamed planets in the spectrum which we have wired with high end electro bombs. Every one hour, we will blow one of them off…Every hour, starting with now.” He dug his hand into his robe pocket, pulling out what looked like a trigger, and pressed it…

As inferno ripped apart the conference room, the men in the room opened their mouth for the meanest split second to scream. But before their screams had left their throat, the entire planet disappeared behind a blinding, white hot flare that destroyed it, spewing its smithereened remains for thousands of miles out into space… 

__________


Utakor, Outer spectrum

“One down,” said Redgarn, the insane glow in his eyes brightening. “nine more to go. They could be any planet. Anywhere.”

Ion’s jaw had been open the whole time. On either side, Mantra and Dantox stood with an icy rigidness, their eyes clutched to the small screen perched at the corner of the restaurant they were now inside of. 

“Every hour from now on,” said Redgarn. “You will agree with me, that I’m a man of my word. Like no other. Until then, keep up the faith, gentlemen. And the let the hysteria … begin.” 

With that, the screen dissolved back into nothing.

Ion needed a moment to wrench his gaze from the screen, and turning at Mantra by his right. 

The silence seemed to carry a quiet screech of horror. 

The cluster of dragonflies buzzed about the room harmlessly, the only living inhabitants of the place other than the three Nyon. Their wings were all varied in colour, so that it almost looked like a bunch of small, fluttering colours floated about the place. A perfect irony for the colourless, pitch black situation they were now in.
 
Mantra’s hazy white eyes lingered on where the screen had been for a long moment. And then, he slowly met Ion’s gaze and sighed. “I thought our position couldn’t get worse.” He shook his head. “I’m afraid I was terribly wrong.”

Dantox, whose mouth was still slightly ajar, shook his head in an expression of crushing disbelief. “There couldn’t be a worse position than now.”

Mantra beckoned for the two of them to follow. They moved to one of the restaurant’s tables, seating themselves around it in a circle.

“It’s happening.” Mantra said, his tone dark with foreboding. “To release the demon army, they need to fill the world with the life of Mezmeron first. They need to fill the world with anarchy. And it’s happening … they’re doing just that.”

They’re blowing off ten whole planets!”  said Dantox, shaking his head. “They’re setting the anarchy level loose to the worst possible level: the entire spectrum would be in complete hysteria soon.”

Mantra shook his head. “They’re creating the worst level of hysteria by telling the people that they would blow off ten planets, and then blowing them off. That’s exactly what they need for anarchy. All over the spectrum, this message would have triggered a state of mass mayhem. There would be chaos like no other. And when they slowly blow off one planet after the other,” He heaved a tragic sigh. “They’ll send everything spinning well off bounds. Imagine the panic, confusion and hysteria that would grip the people. And it’s already started … the wheels are already in motion. And nothing can now stop them.”

Mantra was a little too right.

__________


Halox, Capital of Valdron republic, Cluster 34

The tense thudding of a group of feet echoed within the hallway, as a group of suited men stormed down it. The president was at the frontmost of them, surrounded by his two bodyguards, his defense minister and a few other government officials. The lot of them paced down the large hall that led to the president’s office, all of their faces masked with the same gravely intense looks. 

“Alert every squadron there is in the entire republic,” the president was saying, his head half turned to his defense minister who strode along by his right. “And get them to pull in every officer there is – on duty, off duty – and get them working now.”

The defense minister nodded hurriedly, his stride unfaltered as he walked down in a dashy pace with the entire group of them. “Our armed forces have been called in an immediate alert. We’re going to send them across all seventeen planets.”

“Do it, do it now.” rushed on the president. “Send them in now.”

Another of the suited men who was gazing at a screen before him, atop his z-com, spoke in an equally tense tone:

“Sir, we’re using satellite imagery to give us electro radiation spikes in any of our seventeen planets. They’ll send us a scan in a minute.”

“Good, good.” said the president, as the entire group of them swept down the hall. “We’ll need it all.”

“It’ll be no use.” Pointed out the defense minister. “The terrorists would’ve covered the bomb, to shield its electro radiation.”

The president knew this was true. 

“We’re having extra forces called upon,” said another of the suited men. “to aid the army in scouring the seventeen planets.”

For the first time since he had seen the ghastly newsflash that had been telecast across the entire spectrum, the president stopped himself to heave a deep breath. 

“Men, we’re facing crisis. A crisis like no other. Our republic consists of seventeen planets. One of those bombs could be on any one of them.” He glanced across the others walking along with him. “We’ve seen that these terrorists are true to their word: they blew off Haolo, and Palem. If we lose any of our planets…”

He didn’t have to finish the sentence. All of them nodded in agreement, their expressions as grim as could be. 

One of the suited men by the president’s right was attending a voice call in his z-com, his tone as anxious as possible. 

“Get all the heads of the planets,” he was saying. “And have them report to us about the developments –”

Before the president could hear him finish the sentence, a fierce beeping emitted from his suit pocket. He hastily drew his z-com, and pressed a button to answer the incoming call. The entire lot of them peered into the holo screen that rose above the president’s z-com. Inside of it was the commander of their special forces. The Iveling wore a grave frown, giving a faint nod at the president before hurriedly saying, “Mr. President, we’re facing real trouble across the republic. The citizens of Harog, Menzo and many other planets are calling for immediate emergency action. They want us to dispatch our troops to their planets for scouring traces of the bomb.”

“But the Special Forces are already doing all they can!” came the tense voice of the defense minister. 

“They’re panicking,” said the commander, shaking his head. “and protests are breaking out over many planets. They want us to attend to them each personally … but we’re far too short of men to scout through all seventeen planets to search for the bomb.”

For the first time in his entire term in office, the president felt a choked, helpless feeling. One that he had never before given in to. No matter how large the crisis … But this time, he couldn’t help it. He let hopelessness smother him. 

“All right,” he said with a shallow nod. “Do your best to calm the protests. Tell them we’re doing all we can, to see if one of the bombs is –”

Before he could finish it, another tense beeping emitted from his right: the defense minister was having a call. 

As he pulled out the z-com and answered the call, they saw their chief commissioner of this planet’s police. The defense minister tilted the device, so that the screen over it faced the president. Still holding the screen with the commander of the Special Forces, the president turned to the other screen. Without bothering with niceties, the chief commissioner burst forth in a tense voice:

“Mr. president, the situation in the capital’s bad, real bad! The citizens want emergency evacuation … they’re expecting us to send vessels to carry them off to the outer spectrum, which they believe is safer right now!”

The president could feel the tension in the atmosphere climb rapidly. 

“But we don’t have that many vessels!” he exclaimed, his pulse zooming as he came to face the full scale of the disaster they were now in. “we’ve hardly got enough transport for –”

“I know, but all over our cities now, the protestors have put a block in public transport. They’re attempting to break into the ships and cruisers and use them for fleeing … we’re seeing similar mayhem all over the republic!”

The president looked front, feeling a bloodless, gaunt expression slowly stretch across his face. This is a nightmare come to life…

“Just do all you can, commissioner.” said the defense minister, turning the screen back to him. His voice carried a forced calm that the president’s wouldn’t have managed.

“Yes, sir … but I doubt if it’ll suffice.” And with that, the link disconnected and the holo screen faded back to thin air. The defense minister pocketed the device and followed along with the others as they headed on towards the president’s office. As the group of them approached, the door slid open by one side, revealing the large, elegantly decorated room that was his office. 

Forcing in another deep breath, the president turned to face the rest of the suited men, who came to a stall behind him. 

“Gentlemen … what we’re seeing is the worst possible day of our lives. The entire republic is in chaos and hysteria. And we’re going to have to put an end to this madness whatever it costs.”

The lot of them gave a firm nod. But the president knew he wasn’t imagining it when he saw the shadow of hopelessness in all their eyes. He knew it for the exact same feeling gripping him from within. 

We’re lying to ourselves if we think we can control the situation that’s breaking loose now. he thought, unabashedly honest. All structures have now fallen apart … and we’re still trying desperately to hold them together.


15




For longer than it seemed, the three Nyon were seated quietly around the same table. The silence immersing the place seemed to boil with a new tension. 

Floating about the air around them were the strange dragonfly creatures. With their radiant wings, they looked like colours glimmering about in the air, zipping from spot to spot upon it. One of them with brilliant gold wings was hovering just over the table.

Ion sat with his eyes blankly fixed on the glass wall by the side of their table, watching the night’s desert that surrounded them. He looked back inside the abandoned place, drawing himself back to the gloomy silence within it. One of the dragonflies with radiant gold wings hovered to a stall at the edge of the table. It was a rarely beautiful sight, but one that Ion couldn’t bring himself to appreciate at the present climate.

Mantra and Dantox had both sunken deep into thought. Ion could tell that even Mantra himself was struggling to fight the same hopeless mass that threatened to crush them all.

And that particular struggle was faring badly for them all. 

Ion couldn’t wrench the image of Redgarn, as he had seen it in the screen, proclaiming that ten planets were now wired with bombs. This was the finale that they had been working towards … It all came down to this. Everything converged to lead to the victory of evil over good that Redgarn had worked for over eight millennia:

The army of Mezmeron, that was hidden in the other dimension, could be released when Mezmeron’s life was strengthened to its peak in this dimension. When anarchy was at its peak … and the Xeni were achieving just that with what they had just done. They were destroying ten planets, and proclaiming it to the world. Billions of lives would now be shattered. And when it was done, Mezmeron himself would have awakened to seize the world …  And the demon army, made of his life, would be ready to be unleashed full fledged again…

“But we have the crystal!” Ion suddenly exclaimed, turning to the two masters. 

Mantra slowly came out of his thoughtful reverie and brought his calm white eyes upon him. 

“They need the crystal for releasing the army!” exclaimed Ion, looking from Mantra to Dantox. 

“Yes,” Mantra gave a nod. “the crystal is the key to releasing the forces of Mezmeron. They can’t do without it.”

“So whatever they’re planning now is pointless, isn’t it?” Ion could feel the strain of frustration in his own voice. “No matter how much anarchy they wreak, they can’t release the demon army without the crystal.”

Laughing softly, Mantra lowered his gaze to the golden winged dragonfly hovering at the edge of the table.

Dantox fixed Ion with a sad grin. “Ion, do you honestly think they’re just going to be sitting there and doing nothing about retrieving the crystal?” 

“These are Xeni.” Mantra said in a dark voice. “We may have prevented them from getting the crystal back at the temple, but they certainly wouldn’t have given up looking for us … and trying to retrieve it.”

“We’ve given them nothing more than a prick … an itch, that they believe they will manage to overcome at the end, and get what they want.” said Dantox. 

“What do you mean?” asked Ion. 

Dantox bent closer to him and, “They need the crystal to open the demons’ dimension. They most certainly have not given it up from their sight. But they clearly don’t see us as much of a threat: they probably believe they can retrieve it in time for the performing of the spell.”

Still looking at the golden winged butterfly, Mantra nodded. “Indeed. That the plague crystal is now with us does not bother them much, apparently. They’ll do what they have to, which is spreading the life of Mezmeron through anarchy. But in the meanwhile, they will obviously have a very sharp lookout for the crystal.”

“You aren’t viewing things from their angle.” Dantox told Ion. “They have just crushed the entire brotherhood of Nyon. Wiped out their sworn enemies forever. They have just gotten rid of the only, and most dangerous threat for their cause. At this point, do you think they would feel threatened by us? They realise that their most vital threat has just been erased. Although the crystal is not in their hold, they don’t see it as a cause of concern, because they know there is nothing that could truly stop them now.”

“The scales have just completely topped to their side.” Mantra said grimly. “Whatever feeble resistance we place for them at this point is no resistance at all. At least, not in their eyes.” He rose his gaze from the butterfly, meeting Ion. “And after having crushed the entire Nyon, would finding and retrieving the crystal from three lucky survivors appear to be a problem to them?” He shook his head. “They obviously believe that they will easily search and find us. And get the crystal back.”

“And if we’re not careful, they will.” Dantox said darkly. 

“But whatever happens,” Ion said. “they will have to get it back at the end. To finish what they’re planning.”

“Obviously.” said Dantox. “The crystal is the key to the dimension where hide the demon army. So how much ever mayhem and hysteria they spread, at the end of it, to release the army of Mezmeron they’ll be needing the crystal.”

“And that,” Mantra said, a trace of light seeping into his tone now. “is the single greatest fortune for us. We have an edge over them now. One that we need to work hard to keep up.”

Ion watched as one of the dragonflies came close to his face, its pink wings fluttering beautifully. “Meaning?”

“That the plague crystal is now with us,” Dantox said in a slow, impressing tone. “and not with the Xeni is the last, best hope for the world. And so and we need to strive to make sure that one last hope is not lost. We need to protect the crystal with all we have, and keep it hidden from them. Keep it well off their hands. For without the crystal they’re powerless. And keeping it off their reach is the only way we can save everything now.”

“And so,” took over Mantra, sitting a little straighter on his chair. “we will give ourselves over to it. To the cause of staying here and keeping the crystal hidden and safe,” His voice went soft. “at whatever cost we must bear.”

Ion watched the fluttering golden wings of the dragonfly on their table, comprehending what he had just heard a moment late.

“You mean to say that we’re supposed to stay idle here and babysit the crystal … and in the meantime, as they blow off ten planets, and we’re supposed to watch and do nothing?” He shifted his gaze between the two masters. “You mean we aren’t going to try and help?”

Mantra inhaled slowly and said, “For the greater good.”

“The greater good?” Ion couldn’t believe this. “But billions of lives are at stake!”

“No, Ion.” Dantox shook his head. “Much more is at stake. Trillions. The entire spectrum is at stake, and we hold the key to saving them. We must keep ourselves from making a reckless move now.”

“We need to safely keep the plague crystal away from the Xeni’s hands.” explained Mantra. “And if we leave this place, and play the hero by trying to save the ten planets, we run a very great risk of losing the plague crystal to them. They have their eyes all over the spectrum. And this planet is remote and off the reaches of civilisation. We are safe here. The plague crystal is safe here. We can’t abandon this safety at any cost, and risk losing the crystal to them.”

Ion couldn’t hold down his anger at what he was hearing. He rose in his seat, his chair toppling over backwards. Some of the dragonflies buzzing close to him scurried away fearfully. 

“But we’re the last surviving members of the Nyon! We’re supposed to be the upkeepers of peace and harmony. And if there’s one time where there’s a threat to peace and harmony, it’s now! We’ve got to do something to stop those bombs going off!”

Mantra rose in his chair as well, but slowly, and he locked his white eyes with Ion in a stern, imposing manner. 

“Listen to reason, Ion. We can’t leave this planet and abandon our greatest task, which the entire brotherhood died for. And what’s more: there’s nothing that can be done! If we’re going to want to find those ten bombs amidst thousands of planets within the span of ten hours, we’ll be needing nothing less than the search team of an army!” He held his hands out, gesturing to the abandoned, shack like place the three lone Nyon were now in. “Does it look like we have one? All we have is three surviving members of the brotherhood of Nyon comprising two sad old laggards and an angry young man, and a group of butterflies!” He ended angrily, gesturing to the dragonfly like creatures buzzing around them. 

Dantox nodded, slightly more patiently. “Believe us, Ion. We are not asking you to take pleasure in what you are doing, or this entire situation. A war has its casualties, and we need to endure them for the sake of the greater good.”

Mantra withdrew the plague crystal from his pocket and gently placed it on the table between them, close to the gold winged dragonfly. 

“As long as this remains away from them, all is well.”

And he settled to his seat, giving a consoling nod to Ion who continued to stand there for a few seconds. Then, with a deep breath, he too sank to his seat, folding his arms. A heavy silence fell between them, through which only the faint buzzing of the dragonflies could be heard. 

Great. Thought ion, feeling a hopeless gloom drown him from within. It’s gonna be great watching the world burn while we sit here and do nothing.

He fixed a worn out stare on the golden winged dragonfly by the edge of their table, trying to wash away the guilt. 

__________


Meanwhile, a million miles away, in the light barren cave, Zardin stood with his hands fastened behind his back. Standing behind him, his presence hardly known to anyone but Zardin’s inner senses, was Redgarn. Both of them were standing before a holographic screen perched at the front of the cave, showcasing a most intriguing scene. 

With the camera angle at the bottom right, the screen showed Mantra, Dantox and Ion seated around the table. And the plague crystal amidst them on the table. 

The video recording device, cleverly disguised as a live golden winged butterfly, was doing a fantastic job in transmitting this to them – something that would claim top prize in their list of gains for the day. The final gain. 

“The transmission comes from the planet Utakor.” Zardin said. 

He could sense the grin creeping across Redgarn’s features in the darkness. “Excellent…”

They had found the plague crystal. They knew where it was. 

Everything was now complete. 

Once they acquired the crystal, they would have all that they needed. 

Just after Redgarn had returned, the Xeni had installed countless secret video transmission devices across the spectrum. They were all hidden and ingeniously disguised, such as the golden winged butterfly they were now watching this through … And one of their video devices had just hit lucky. 

“So,” Zardin turned to face Redgarn, the two of them standing feet apart in the darkness. “shall we send in our men? I think they would enjoy eradicating the last three of our enemies, and taking what they had stolen from us.”

In the gloom, nothing could have been visible of Redgarn’s features, but Zardin didn’t require illumination: he could feel Redgarn’s eyes angled in a thoughtful frown as he quietly stroked his chin for a second.

And then, a smile cracked on his thin lips. 

“No. we’ll send … someone else for this task.” he said, a hidden glee in his savage voice. “The task of killing those three cursed Nyon and getting the crystal back.”

“Send someone else, huh?” Zardin repeated thoughtfully. “Very well. Whom do you have in mind?” 

A harsh, rumbling noise broke through the silence in the cave as Redgarn laughed. “Only the very worst.”

  
The sound of that voice would have made anyone’s scalp prickle. 

“Tell me the planet’s co ordinates,” the man said. “And I’ll take care of them. All three of them.” 

He was hooded and cloaked, standing opposite to Zardin and Redgarn. Nothing could be seen of his face, which was soaked in darkness beneath his hood.

Redgarn nodded and gave the co ordinates of Utakor, and the exact location as to where the three were. In that abandoned restaurant. He told him what they were meaning to recover from them.

“Consider the task done.” hissed the man, a brutal fervour in his voice now. “I will send my men for it. Within minutes, they will bring you the crystal … and the three of the Nyon’s heads along with it.”


To be continued … 


In THE RISING SUN – Episode 5

