
The Rising Sun

Clocks 
BOOK ONE




J HAWK



Copyright © 2014 J Hawk
 




EPISODE 6


1




The darkness was absolute.

And through it, Ion could hear the faintest tingle of a strange, cold noise … it came as a mere echo, bouncing within the walls, reaching his ears only just in time to fade back to nothing. But it was the single most terrifying thing he knew he would ever hear his entire life.

It felt like a creature’s breathing… 

And it rose and fell rhythmically, so that every pore of him strained in trying to hear it clearly.

Fighting the effect of the freeze shot, he strained his throat and shouted, “Who’s there!”

For the meanest flicker of a heartbeat, he thought he saw something through the darkness. Something flash for the split second. But it was gone as soon as it had come, and it left ion’s blood now thundering through his veins.

Qyro and Vestra were still out cold, lying slumped by the wall feet across where he was. Ion’s widened eyes flew about the place rapidly, trying to catch sight of the strange entity. 

“Show yourself, coward!”

And the cold breathing noise broke into a ripple of what was, without a doubt … laughter.

And as the creature’s icy laughter died out, something far more terrifying happened.

“Show myself?” came a voice through the darkness, a voice that seemed to leave a stab of chill in the air with every word it spoke. A terrible, dementing voice.  “you want me … to show myself, do you?” 

Another cackle of laughter burst forth through the voice, and it sounded like a rain of icy daggers stabbing at the world around it. “Very well, boy. You asked.”

And out of the darkness, a smoky figure swirled to life, a figure Ion had seen before.

Frost the demon looked just every bit terrifying as he remembered him in Mantra’s flashback. But now, facing him in live form, the terror had shrieked well off limits. Ion’s heart had clutched his chest as he stared into the demon’s icy blue eyes. His entire form seemed to have been made of a pale blue smoke like substance, hardened to give him a partly solid appearance. Seeming to be part solid, part smoke, his face amidst the fumes of blue swirling around him. 

He drew in a swift, long inhale, and his pale blue features re formed into a cold smile.

“I sense great pain ahead for you.” His smoky form slowly glided over the smooth ground, and with every feet shrinking between them. “That’s the reason I’m here right now. Because if you see my face … then you’re in hell.”

And without warning, the demon held up both hands. 

And suddenly, the world had dissolved.

It was all happening again… 

Ion was five years old again … Marion and Selia were crying as he and Eol were dragged off by the authorities… 

And then, commander Rox was bearing down on him with an insane smile…

And then there was pain. Pain like no other. Millennial pain. He was being tortured … driven insane with cruel experiments subjected on him.

And then, he was standing before the graves of his parents, feeling his vision blur with tears…

The vigilante’s body rolled over and Ion saw his brother’s face … Eol’s face. 

“NOOO!!!”

Ion awoke back in reality. The paralysed effect of the freeze shot had vaporised: the pain he had re lived had surged through him like an electric current, and he was now crouching on all fours, his breath thundering. 

“No, you say?” laughed a terrifying voice, and frost stepped closer to where he lay, his hands outstretched towards him. “But the fun’s just begun!”

And Ion vaguely felt the scream rip his throat as the world around him faded once more…

“You’re not my brother…” the dying words of his brother seemed to rebound within Ion’s head. 

“No…” he pleaded, holding Eol within his hands.

“You’re not Ion…”

And his brother’s eyes rolled upwards and were still. 

A scream of eternal agony filled the air around, as he threw his head back and shrieked. 

He was back in the dark hall with the smoky figure of the demon standing over him, his face blazing with brutal glee. 

Ion felt his boy hit the cold floor, his robe soaked with sweat. He lay there in a crumpled heap, trembling in the cold. 

Everything seemed to have weakened within him.The demon was sucking the light out of his being, forcing him to face the darkest corners of his soul. 

He couldn’t … he couldn’t face it … he couldn’t face the horrors nesting within his mind. 

The smoke from the demon’s horrid form had now swirled around him and enclosed him. The demon’s face was seen painted over the smoke, a cold smile on his lips, his icy blue eyes gleaming.

“Relish the pain, Ion … because pain is where you belong.”

And the world faded again. And now Ion was staring at the poster, unable to face the truth, of what he had become…

Ion was reliving it. The worst, possible memory.

The poster … The creature in the poster, seeing it for the first time with newly opened eyes. And the pain scorched his soul whole…

Ion’s eyes flew open in the real world, as he shook uncontrollably on the frigid ground beneath. The swirling, pale blue smoke raced around him in a speeding ring, and through it, he could see the outline of the demon. 

Ion felt his lungs squeeze as everything gushed back. The guilt. The regret. And lastly, the fear. Fear of the past.
 
Fear of himself…

And suddenly, everything had dissolved again. And now, through the endless blackness, Ion heard a howl of laughter … a laughter that had tortured his being for two years now … And the creature with the glowing red eyes and the pale skin was standing before him, the creature from the poster. The thing that Ion had been outrunning forever now … and he had now caught up with him. His past had caught up with him.

“No,” Ion felt himself sink to his knees in the endless chasm, his hands clutching his head. “You’re gone … I’m no longer you …”

“I am forever a part of you,” said the creature, bending forward, his lips pulled back in a terrible leer. “And you, forever a part of me.” 

“Make it stop…” he moaned, as he tossed about the floor, all the pain he had ever felt in his life seizing him whole. 

Frost stood before him amidst the swirling fumes, relishing the agony that he caused to gush up in the boy … connecting with, and re awakening the demons of his own soul.

As he tapped into the boy’s mind, stirring the pain harbouring inside of it, frost felt a savage glee like nothing. One no other victim of his torture had ever presented him with… 

I like you, boy. he thought ruthlessly, as Ion thrashed on the floor before him, amidst the swirling fumes. There is more darkness within you than most others I’ve tortured, and the shadows of your mind draw me…

He battered at Ion with a vicious relentlessness, causing him to cover his face and toss about on the floor. This was the reason frost existed. To kill. And slowly. This was what he did best. He forced his victims to drown in the dark sides of their own selves, and watched them die slowly. Painfully.

The fumes from his own form spun around the entire place rapidly, drenching it in a pale blue haze. 

Two other unconscious Nyon lay in the room. But Frost had little interest in them: he could sense the outlines of their beings and knew that they had very less pain to offer him. The real feast was the red haired boy lying before him now … Frost relished every drop of the agony he caused in him. Soon, he would be scoured of life completely … And when frost was done with him, the other two would join him as well. The first three casualties of his volcanic wrath, pent up across eight thousand years of waiting…

“What do you think you’re doing?” came an unfazed voice from behind him. 

Jolted, frost spun around. 

Amidst the swirling smoke, he could see that the double doors to the hall had been thrown open behind him. And standing there calmly was Mantra. 

Frost tilted his head slightly, letting a few seconds pass.

Mantra … the same Mantra he had known eight thousand years back. The one who had been responsible for their fall eight thousand years back. 

Frost allowed his features to gleam in a smile. The savage thrill that he was now feeling burned stronger.

“I’m slaughtering,” he said, gesturing to Ion, who stirred feebly on the ground before him. “As I slaughtered thousands…” His smile pulling longer mildly, he turned back and raised his hands slowly.  “And as I shall now slaughter you.”

As he prepared to burst a torrent of ice onto the short man before him, the space between the two of them was suddenly lit in a dazzling orange flare. The force of it knocked frost off his feet, sending him flying across and smashing into the opposite wall. As he bounced off the wall and righted himself, his eyes widened.

“There will be only one slaughter,” said Nano, his fiery outline dispelling the gloom and chill that had immersed the inside of the large hall. “And it will be you.”

Mantra slowly sidled up by the side of the leader of the watchmen. And as the pale blue smoke slowly faded, leaving clarity to flow through again, frost’s gaze wandered out the door behind where Mantra and Nano stood…

And spread outside, were a thousand distasteful, familiar figures.

“Watchmen.” Frost hissed, feeling his fists tighten. 

He looked at Mantra and said, “Mark my words, this isn’t over.” He glanced down at Ion. “Don’t worry, we’ll meet again, Ion.”

And with that, he exploded into a cloud of pale blue smoke, fleeing for his life.


2




Dusk was falling over the sky, which was turning mild red. The sun lay half sunken beneath the horizon, a crimson glow upon the sky around it. Mantra stood watching from inside the building where the tablet had been. The breathtaking awe of the scene slipped right past his mind, which was in the grip of worries … or one particular worry. Which outweighed any other he had experienced his whole life. 

The Xeni have the crystal. 

But that wasn’t all. Far from it. 

And … Valicros, the most powerful tablet. Mantra had, in his eight thousand years, never felt a crushing hopelessness as he was feeling now. But he wrestled his mind off it, knowing that if there was ever a time that desperately needed them to keep their mind steeled, it was now…

Outside, spread over the large city, stood the army of watchmen, all of them calmly waiting for their next course of action. Which would go on to be their most crucial course of action. 

He turned and walked back to the inside of the large hall. Nano and Dantox were both inside with their arms folded. Vestra and Qyro had awoken, and were sitting with their backs against the walls across the place. A look of dull helplessness had settled over both their faces.

And by the side of the double door in front, lying in a small heap, was Ion. His eyelids fluttered as he stirred feebly, slowly waking from his semi conscious state. Mantra felt a stab of pity for what he was well aware the boy had just faced… 

Frost, like all demons, had the capacity to inflict torture like no other on his victims … mental torture. And this was the deadliest mode of torture, which left no visible marks. 

“He’s all right, right?” Qyro asked Mantra as he saw him enter the room. Both him and Vestra were looking at where Ion lay, stirring slightly and groaning. 

“He’ll be fine.” Mantra said, watching the boy. He looked to come around soon. “Ion’s suffered much, and Frost tortured him by making him drown in the agony of his own suffering. If I hadn’t arrived in time, we would have been dead. Because that’s how a demon kills a person … by torturing them not physically, but mentally. And reliving the dark sides of your own self will kill you faster than any other method.”

Vestra’s eyes lingered for a moment over where Ion lay, before she forcefully looked away. 

“So you found the second bomb?” asked Qyro, his gaze shifting between Mantra and Dantox, who stood feet from him. “You saved the planet, did you?”

“No, we didn’t.” answered Mantra. “The planet’s destroyed.”

“While the two of you were lying here unconscious, Zardin had apparently set the bomb off early.” Dantox revealed.

Qyro and Vestra looked at him in shock.
 
“And you guys weren’t in the planet when it went off?” Qyro asked. “Did you decide to abandon it?”

“No we didn’t.” Mantra shook his head. “The planet was destroyed, but no one in it was killed.”

Qyro and Vestra exchanged a confused glance. 

“We realised that there was very little hope of finding the bomb in time.” Mantra said. “And with that realisation came a new avenue.”

“Fernox is a planet with very scarce population,” explained Dantox. “As most of the planets of the outer spectrum are. When we got to the planet, we were shocked to have discovered that there were only about four villages inhabited by people. A total of less than one million population.”

“So we understood that our job wasn’t finding the bomb anymore,” said Mantra. “It was just saving the people. And that was far easier. We just rang an alert to them, that their planet had been one of the ten chosen, and that the bomb would go off in another fifteen minutes. And as soon as we did … they all scurried like rats before a cat. Not all of them had transport. But those who did have ships or hover cars accommodated the ones that didn’t.”

“We left along with them,” said Nano. “And just in time … not a couple minutes later, the planet was no more.”

“What about the rest of the bombs?” asked Qyro, his eyes wandering outside the building, where the entire army of watchmen stood about, awaiting them. “The entire army’s back here.”

Mantra fixed her with a pained look. “They won’t go off.”

“The Xeni’s have found everything they wanted.” Nano spoke in a subdued tone, his fiery outline seeming to dim very faintly. “And there is nothing more they need to take from the world. 

“What do you mean?” asked Qyro. 

“They had two goals up till now, both aimed at releasing the demon army.” explained Mantra. “The first was setting the anarchy levels loose to the highest level possible. And the second, was procuring the crystal. And now, they have had both these things accomplished. They won’t be needing anything more for what they’ve worked for.”

Vestra frowned. “But the anarchy level -”

“They had threatened to blow off ten bombs, to consume the world in anarchy.” said Dantox. “But blowing off four has been more than enough to achieve that: as of this moment, the entire spectrum is gripped by an unravelled chaos. Confusion and panic’s swept through them.”

“And they have got the crystal.” said Nano. “Their victory has been sealed. The world is now theirs anyway. The destruction of more planets would hold no more charm for them, now that those planets are theirs anyway. When they release the demon army soon, the entire spectrum would fall to their command.”

The air seemed to strain as the effect of his words slowly sank into it. An emerging, new darkness seemed to eclipse everything… 

“The priest,” said Qyro, suddenly remembering. “He was -”

“I know,” cut across Mantra. “I heard everything from Nalzes, the real Nalzes. He had been attacked by Zardin, who had taken his disguise to use it to deceive us. He just came around some time back, and got the incident across to me. But by then it was too late. When I arrived here, Valicros was gone. Zardin took it.” And now, the very worst has come to pass.

Vestra and Qyro exchanged a startled look. 

“Valicros?” gasped Qyro, turning to centre of the large room, where they had found the tablet. “That tablet was…”

“Yes it was.” said Mantra flatly. “There was much that I had to hide, and much of history that I needed to twist for the greater good … and the continued existence of the most powerful tablet was the foremost among them.”

“What do you mean?” asked Vestra, the shock unfaded from her voice. 

Mantra took in a deep breath, before explaining:

“Valicros had to be kept off the Xeni’s reach. After their evil empire fell eight millennia back, they were not completely gone: they had just gone into hiding, and they would return one day and that I knew. And when they did, they would look for the most powerful tablet to release the demon army with. I had to protect that from happening. And so,” He gazed at the centre of the room, where the most powerful tablet had been kept hidden for millennia. “I hid the tablet here, in complete secrecy, far from the reaches and the ears of the Xeni. But I knew it wasn’t enough: the Xeni would search for the tablet. And so, over the millennia, I spread the message that Valicros had been destroyed after Redgarn’s fall, among all mystics whom I fell to converse with. The deception would have worked, if Redgarn himself had not unexpectedly returned.”

“They’ll be releasing the most terrible force in existence.” said Vestra. “With the most powerful tablet in existence. Anytime now.”

“And that’s why we need to act.” said Mantra. “Now more than ever.” 

“What are can we do now?” asked Qyro.
 
“The only thing left.” Mantra replied. “The release of the demon army is inevitable now. And we are now left with the impending, crucial task of protecting the world from it, when it is about to be released.” 

“Indeed.” Dantox nodded, his hands folded before him. “We form a resistance. To fend off the army of Mezmeron when it is released.”

“We already have one army with us,” Mantra looked at Nano as he said it. “The watchmen. But it will not nearly suffice. We’ll need a force that is far, far greater to stand the slightest chance of opposing the demons.”

“Why?” asked Qyro. 

“Because they are about to perform the spell on Valicros. The spell will be a thousandfold its original power. And so will the army unleashed through the spell.”

“And the watchmen alone will never be able to fend them off this time.” said Nano, shaking his head. “We are going to need a far greater resistance to ally ourselves with.”

“What about the armies of the inner spectrum?” inquired Vestra. “All the armed forces of all the states and republics in the spectrum, if coupled together, can definitely hold them off … right?”
 
“Vestra, do you honestly think we can march into the inner spectrum, and tell them to ally themselves with us?” Mantra asked wryly. 

“What then?” asked Qyro. 

Mantra had his eyes fixed on him for a silent second, before speaking with a deep breath. 

“The inner spectrum and the realm of man beings has been well sealed off our sights at this desperate hour: we’re their greatest dreaded threat. And no matter what we try or attempt to convince them with, they won’t change their stubborn stand they’ve taken against us. And the past few horrific hours have only greatly raised their hatred for us.” He shook his head. “No, the realm of the man beings is beyond what we can hope for, to find aid in now. We need to look past them. And there is only one thing that comes beyond man beings…”

Qyro’s posture had stiffened where he was sitting. “You don’t mean … non man beings?” 

“I do.” answered Mantra

“They’re the only allies we can scrape off at this hour.” Dantox said, looking down upon him. “And this is the most crucial time for the entire world. We either form our forces and oppose Mezmeron’s army when it is unleashed … or perish. This is the only way.”

Qyro had bolted upright, his face now possessed with a hatred and fury unlike any seen before. 

“You guys are half crazy if you think we can ally ourselves with those brutes!” he roared. “Those things aren’t worth a bloody -”

“Qyro,” cut across Mantra, his voice as calm as ever. “You are allowing your emotions to cloud your judgement.”

“Maybe I am!’ snarled Qyro. “Are we really going to have to stoop so low?”

“We are not stooping,” said Nano, shaking his head. “But rising. Rising above prejudice. And above discrimination. They are living things as well, young one. They are normal creatures the very same way we are.”

“Normal creatures?” Qyro snorted. “I find that rather hard to believe.”

“Do you?” Mantra lifted an eyebrow. “Just answer one question, then. If given a choice, would you have them all - all non man being species - condemned and destroyed?”

Qyro stood there with his arms folded, his breath storming. His face was as hard as stone, a mixture of deep hatred and pain engraved upon it. 

“Would you, Qyro?” repeated Mantra, even more softly. “Would you have them all scoured from this world?”

Qyro’s eyes narrowed to slits, and his response came in an even meaner whisper: “Yes I would.”

Mantra exhaled slowly, shaking his head. “I did not train my students to think like this.” 

Qyro turned to Vestra, who had been silent all along. But she was looking closely at him. 

“What do you think about this?”

Vestra continued to watch him for a second, before giving a soft sigh. “What’s the difference between us and the Xeni if we start acting like this, Qyro? They tried vanquishing the non man beings eight millennia go. And they worked out of the same hatred that you now carry.” 

“We are the Nyon,” said Nano, stepping forward. “We are the path laid from darkness to light. However, the war must first be settled from within us, youngling. For above all, the dark forces within are the most dangerous of them…”

Mantra’s tone softened. “Son, I know the reason you harbour such hatred against them. But hatred is the one force that turns against us.” He took a few steps forward, standing before Qyro, a head or two shorter than the Redling. “Tell me … what would Tralgor have done?” 

The two of them stood in a new silence, young man and elderly master, their gazes locked. And some of the fumes in Qyro’s angered expression vanished, leaving a new clarity to show. He stood there rigidly for a long moment, before giving a deep sigh. 

Lowering his gaze to the floor between them, he softly said, “He would tell me the very same thing you are … to look past my hatred.”

Mantra slowly nodded. “Then you would expect nothing less of yourself. Not all non man being species are brutal and savage as they’re projected to be. Some of them may be greatly valuable to our side at this grave hour. And they are living things as well. All living things are one. That one cause that our brotherhood serves. The cause of humanity.”

Qyro’s resentment and anger slowly drained from his face: Mantra’s mention of his master seemed to have returned the touch of warmth to his yellow eyes. 

He gave a sigh at last and said, “Ok. We’ll do it … For Tralgor.” 

Mantra nodded at him, looking at him with the same serene depth in his eyes. 

Vestra turned to Mantra with a serious look now awakening on her face. 

“But what forces can we find in the outer spectrum?” she asked. “I mean, among the non man beings there, who’d want to come to a side in a war between men?”

“They would,” said Mantra. “because the previous one that had occurred left its deep imprint not only on men, but on other, non human forces as well. Redgarn’s rule had caused great suffering far and wide, even among the non man beings.”

“And some segments of the creatures who reside in the outer spectrum were most deeply affected by the empire’s reign eight millennia back.” said Dantox. “Some of them would join us not to aid us, but to resist them. The Xeni, and the demons.”

“We can forge many ties among the vast group of creatures that exist among non man beings,” said Nano. “Of course, the existence of the watchmen would certainly come as a handy aid in our conquest.”

“Why’s that?” asked Qyro. 

“Because as they are right to do so,” answered Mantra. “they remember the watchmen, and some of them even respect the army of watchmen as an army that had stood up to protect them from the demons’ tyranny.” He nodded at Nano. “Yes, sending the watchmen as envoys would be the right thing to do. We can spread the entire army into groups and send them to contact different segments of non man beings.” 

“We have to act fast.” said Dantox. 

“Why?” asked Vestra.

“Because the Xeni may be exploring ways to build their armies as well.” Dantox replied. “They most certainly don’t need to. But they may do so intending to oppose our efforts to build our army. And so, we need to reach the various targeted species … or they may before we do.”

“Quite right.” Mantra said grimly. “There are chances we’re pitted on a race against both time … and against our enemies.”

“If we are to target non man being species as our allies,” Nano said, looking at the two masters. “You understood, of course, that, there is that one segment among the non man beings that will greatly aid our side with their vast forces…”

Mantra looked at him over a long second, before his brow fell in a dark frown. “Of course. We’ll need them. They would, no doubt, be the strongest force among all the non man creatures.”

“Who’re you talking of?” asked Qyro. Though he had a very faint idea he already knew… 

“The Ensys.” said Mantra, after a short pause. “If we can manage to gather the Ensys to our cause,” He shook his head in an impressed gesture. “It would be gratifying, for they are a very powerful army of creatures, and we need them.” 

He walked deeper into the room, his arms folded behind him. “The Ensys were a race who had suffered greatly during Redgarn’s onslaught eight millennia back,” He explained, turning to Qyro and Vestra. “The last time Redgarn took over, he tried to wipe them out completely. And with the help of his demon army, he scoured almost their entire race. Hearing that he’s back to finish the job, they may decide to join us.”

“The Ensys are the strongest, and most powerful among the allies we can hope to make.” Dantox impressed. “We’ll have to focus on them.”

Mantra nodded. “We will. We’ll send a massive force as envoys to them.”

“But we do not know where they are.” pointed out Nano. “After Redgarn’s reign, they practically disappeared from The known world … And no one has even seen them or crossed paths with them.”

Qyro waited for the statement to bury into the silence, before heaving a deep breath. 

“Well, I have.”

All faces in the room abruptly turned to him.

“My master and I,” he explained. “We ran across a horde of Ensys a couple of years ago … we even came across their leader, Rigmrr.”

“What!” gasped Dantox, eyes widened. “Well, tell us everything about it! Where did you find them?”

Qyro drew in another deep breath, and then plunged into a detailed recount of the experience. He brought to clarity all aspects of their meeting, including the exact location where they had crossed the Ensys. And the fact that Rigmrr, the leader of the Ensys, was dying from a mysterious illness. One that had placed their entire race in an irate state, and a fearsome state as well: they did not take to outsiders even more because of it. 

As he finished explaining everything, a dark silence had swallowed the entire room. Mantra was deep in thought, no doubt analysing the pros and cons of this mission. One that could go either way. Qyro knew this through first hand experience.

Dantox looked troubled too, and he stroked his chin as he digested everything they had heard. 

Vestra bit her lower lip the same way she did when anxious or disturbed.

Mantra continued in his thought absorbed state for a couple of seconds, and then said, “Whoever’s sent to contact the Ensys will definitely have to be careful.”

“Most definitely.” Qyro emphasised, as he remembered the nasty incident that had almost had his master and him killed. “If you ask me, we should skip the Ensys … just that one species.”

But Mantra gave a firm shake of his head. “They’re the largest force that we can hope to make at this hour.We don’t have a choice here, and this danger is one we will have to face. If we gain their alliance, it would be the most beneficiary one possible.”

He turned to face Dantox. “We need to send a large troop of watchmen to them, to gain their confidences, in the fact that we stand against the empire of Redgarn.” He gave a moment’s thought. “And a Nyon master in the lead would help, too.”

“I’ll go, then.” said Dantox boldly.

Mantra nodded at him. “Good, I was hoping you would. Because I think I’ll be needed elsewhere in the meantime… forging a different alliance. And this is one that needs my involvement to work out.”

“What’s that?” asked Vestra. “Another non man being species?”

Mantra shook his head. “No, better. I’ll get to it.” He turned to Nano. “Very well, then. So this is the plan: the entire army of watchmen spreads out in small groups, and head to make contacts with different non man being species, attempting to gain their alliance in the forthcoming war.”

“Indeed.” said Nano, nodding. “I shall take the largest batch and, along with master Dantox, head to where the Ensys are.”

“Yes,” Mantra returned his nod. “That would be good. And tell the rest of your army to spread out across the outer spectrum, to contact other non man being species that may be willing to serve our cause.”

“Understood.”

Mantra turned slowly, imprinting his gaze upon all of the people in the hall as he spoke. 

“It’ll take all of us now to make this final stand, people. This is all we have left, and we’re gonna have to put our hearts into it … do we abide?”

All of them nodded as one. 

Mantra nodded back. “Good … what about you, Ion?” He made to turn to the base of the doorway, where Ion had been lying. “Ion?”

But as all of them together stared at the side of the double door, they saw that the crumpled black heap which had been lying there was now gone.


3




It was all hard to remember. 

But far harder not to. 

Ion’s body swayed mildly as he trotted down the forest that had grown around the ruined city. The feeling he was bearing now was the one which had haunted him for years now. And after what the demon had just done to him, the horror of his soul had awoken fresh to haunt him. 

He remembered everything, everything he wished he couldn’t remember. 

The day Eol and him had been arrested … the day he had joined Vonayz … the day he had accidentally killed Eol…

All the people he had killed … the guilt and regret…
 
It all throbbed in his mind with a fresh fury. The side of him, the darkness of his own being which he had been wresting with for two years now.

He trotted by and leaned casually against the back of a tree, staring at the canopy of trees engulfing the place ahead. 

Now, after two years, after battling with himself, Ion realised that he had lost… 

Jedius had shown him his path, and placed all his faith upon him. But Ion now saw that his master’s faith had been misplaced. He couldn’t do this…

“This is one of the only forest planets around here.” came a voice from behind him. 

Jumping around, he saw Mantra walking up down the lane of trees slowly, a faint smile on his elderly features.  

“And it’s also one of the most exquisite, and beautiful.” he finished. 

He trotted up to beside where Ion stood, gazed at him for a second, and then let his eyes travel over the canopy of trees before them. The mushrooms of greenery hanging overhead split the golden sunlight into a million fine rays. 

“I almost wished I was dead now.” Ion said, his back pressing firmly against the tree trunk behind. 

“Hang along with us, and maybe you’ll have your wish.” said Mantra. 

Ion swapped a sideways glance at him, and then shook his head. 

“If only you knew,” he whispered, turning to face Mantra full in the face. “If you knew what I’ve done … I killed my own brother, master. How am I supposed to live with myself?”
 
Mantra’s calm white eyes were unmoven from his. The serenity of his gaze reached Ion. 

“I can see that you aren’t living at all.” Mantra said. “Living requires facing. Facing life … facing your demons. And this is not something I can help you with, son. I can’t give you what you need to fight that. But what I can give you,” He laid a gentle hand on Ion’s shoulder. “is a promise…”

“A promise?” 

“One that may give you the strength to move on regardless of the pain.” he said quietly. “Because I assure you of this: if you plough on, whatever be the pain … one day, you will look back and thank life for the pain it gave you. Because you would see that you braved what no one else ever could: your own self.” 

He relinquished his hold over Ion’s shoulder, and heaved a breath. “But beyond everything, the choice is upto you. The choice of whether you let anguish and despair drown you … or of whether you would brave it, and continue on the path life sets for you.”

Ion continued to stare past the canopy of trees ahead. All that was left of the sinking sun was a mere rim pressed against the horizon, seen through the canopy of trees. 

He smiled.

It had been on a forest planet very much like this where he had been trained by Jedius. The greenery he saw around drew his memory back to the two serene years he had spent with his master… 

The memory allowed relief to bloom amidst the chaos inside him. 

Feeling a resolved frown settle over his brow, he turned to Mantra. “All right … I guess my anguish and despair can wait for now. We’ve got stuff to do.”

Mantra held his eyes for a long moment, and a warm smile touched his lips. 

“Spoken like Jedius’s true apprentice.” he said, as though having sensed Ion’s thoughts. 

He gave Ion a gentle pat, and the two of them turned and strolled down the forest, back to the city.


4




The entire army of watchmen stood about the large city, their thousand beady eyes pooled at the centre where Mantra, Dantox, Nano, Vestra, Qyro and Ion stood. 

When he had heard the entire situation and the options they were left with, Ion had mentally braced himself for what they now needed to do. 

They needed to gather their forces, in preparation of defending the spectrum from Redgarn’s demon army. 

Ion and the other two watched as Mantra and Dantox split the entire army into many groups: each group was to find and contact a different species among the non man beings, and seek an alliance with them. Dantox, Nano and a hundred other watchmen formed the largest batch among the different groups. They were reserved for the foremost and most crucial of the forces they were having eyes on. The Ensys, their main target among the non man beings. 

As the two Nyon masters finished debriefing them, the different batches began to leave for their specific destinations: each group was enveloped by a glowing halo which shot into the skies like fiery bullets. Mantra and the three students were left behind

When they were all gone, and Mantra and the three students were the only ones left behind, Qyro asked Mantra, “What about us? Where’re we heading?”

Mantra nodded. “The Skrylis, like the many other races of non man beings, were greatly harassed during Redgarn’s onslaught eight millennia back.” he explained to them, as the group of them trotted down the maze of empty structures to the city’s outskirts. Where Flamebird awaited them. “But they are a meagre, and a slightly unnecessary addition to the army we will raise. Be that as it may, we need to scrape off all the allies we can for this war, and we cannot exclude even the smallest of forces.” He moved his white eyes over the three of them. “This race of creatures is a friendlier one than most non man beings. They will definitely agree to aid us, but you will need to take trouble in reaching where they lie.”

“We?” repeated Qyro. “You mean you’re not going with us for this?”

“No. like I said earlier, there is a more important alliance I need to forge for our cause.”

The three of them exchanged curious glances. 

“This is a greatly powerful force, almost as powerful as the Ensys army itself.” Mantra told them. “I’m going to contact their leader, and try gaining their support.”

“What is this, then?” asked Ion.

Mantra smiled. “Not what. Who. I’m going to meet a former student of mine.” He gave them a sideways glance. “He’s in command of a greatly powerful force that would be of aid for our side.”

“Your former student?” asked Qyro. 

“Yes.” said Mantra. “You see, over the ages, the Nyon has had the chance to train many mystics. But among the ones we train, very few will continue and stay to serve us.” He looked at Vestra and Qyro. “The two of you were a part of the rare students we’d trained who did. Most others, however, felt that joining the Nyon, which was always in a threatened state and in the hitlist of the Naxim, was a dangerous prospect.” He sighed. “Of course, they were completely right to feel so. And as a result, some of the students we trained never stayed back and joined our brotherhood after we’d finished training them. They decided to move forth and craft their own lives in this world, avoiding further danger for an already dangerous life that a mystic leads. My former student was one of them.” 

His gaze drifted into a dreamy state for a meek second before he brought himself back and said, “This student of mine is now under control of a very powerful force. And I will try and win him over to our side to garner his support and the alliance of the force that he controls. Meanwhile, you need to focus on getting the Skrylis to join our side.” 

“You said we’d have trouble reaching them.” said Qyro. “Where are they, then?”

“The planet Quolnos, which is where we’re heading.” said Mantra. He then gave them the directions to an underground inhabitation which these creatures had constructed. Ion had trouble remembering the headings, and he found that Mantra wasn’t joking about these creatures being hard to find.

They walked on quietly through the desolate city, finally reaching where Flamebird had been parked at the outskirts of the city.  They boarded the ramp together, entering the ship’s hull. The ramp re sealed itself with a moist hiss. 

“You take Flamebird to the planet.” Mantra said, looking at the pedestal perched at the hull’s centre. “I’ll drop off in the planet Jacova that comes along the way. That’s where my former student will be. You can arrive and pick me up after you’re done.” 

They nodded. 

“We’ve got nothing to worry about.” Qyro said in a dark voice. “Let’s hope Dantox and the others fare well with the Ensys.”

After a short pause, Mantra turned to him and nodded gravely. “Indeed, let’s hope so. We’ll need them to.”


5




Almost a tenth of the entire army of watchmen was here, on this important mission that couldn’t be allowed to go astray. In the darkness, the fiery outlines of the batch of watchmen, as they strode through the cavern, lit the path before and around them. 

Nano marched at the fore of the large group, leading them deeper into the cavern. The Ensys would be present at the very end of the deep cavern. 

Dantox was trotting by on Nano’s right. From the bloom of orange light flickering over his features, Nano saw his face stern with focus. The orange glow reflected in the depths of his eyes so that a strange gleam danced within it. He was carrying a small black pouch within both hands.

In the silence, the footsteps of the hundred or so watchmen was hard and resounding, like a clutter of stones landing on a rough surface.

Nano kept his eyes narrowed as he led the lot down it. He kept himself prepared for whatever lay ahead. Good or bad. For he knew that this audience with these beasts was something that might turn both ways. Depending on the mood they were now in. there was a very slight risk that Rigmrr might not take to their appearance too well. Rigmrr, or whoever it was that now led the Ensys: the savage creatures’ ruler established himself through sheer might, and there was a good chance that another had replaced Rigmrr after waging war against him and his followers. Either way, it didn’t matter who led them. Their mission was no easy one: convincing the nasty creatures to join the Nyon’s side was going to be hard. 

Nano braced himself for the worst outcome: the Ensys refuse to help them, and the watchmen leave.

But Nano was quietly aware that something worse than that might happen as well, when dealing with these creatures.

They Ensys refuse, and the watchmen don’t leave. 

The chances that the creatures might attack them were not frightening. But if it did happen, the army of watchmen would lose almost a tenth of its number. It would be a slight blow to them. Nano blocked out these strange forebodings, admonishing himself. 

The light from their forms cast an orange glow that rippled over the cave’s walls and ceiling. The cavern grew wider as they warily waded down it, seeming to open up for them slowly as they progressed.

They were making their way down the cavern, enveloped in silence, for a long time. And then, a noise broke through the gloom, making the entire group halt instantly… 

It was something of a high pitched hiss like sound, but also sounding like a shrill roar. Nano inwardly nodded to himself: they were here. The Ensys weren’t far away. That sound was proof of it. 

“We’re almost there.” whispered Dantox, turning to Nano. His hands tightened on the small black pouch Nano had seen him holding all along. 

“Yes we are.” Nano replied, sending a sharp nod to the rest of the batch standing behind. And they marched forth, a new vitality in their stride. This was it…

As they marched, the noises of the Ensys slowly rose louder. And then, a hundred or so metres down, they found the first of the creatures lurking by the walls… 

They were, in the simplest description, giant spiders with a man torso sticking out from the front. The torsos ended with a bald head with gleaming red eyes that latched over the watchmen, watching as they walked past. Hungrily. The lower part of the creatures, the part that was the body of the spider, was supported by eight large, sharp pincer like legs. The body of the spider would have surpassed the size of two hover cars placed together. And rising from where the head would have bee, the torso of the man was skinny and thin, the bones of their ribs stretched over their flesh. Their hands ended, instead of fingers, with long, sharp pincers that seemed to twitch as they gazed at the army that marched into their home. 

They might have been a truly terrifying sight for someone who might wander into this place out of the blue, unaware of what he would find in there. 

As Nano waded on steadily, one of the creatures stepped forth, blocking his way. The spider portion of this Ensys’ body was smaller than most others, so that his torso rose to tower only a few metres above Nano. 

When the creature spoke, its voice seemed sharp as the pincers in its hands, and it formed words in a slow, rasping tone that would have made the hairs stand on end on any man’s flesh.

“What … do you seek?” 

“We come in complete peace.” Nano replied in a steady voice. “We are messengers of the brotherhood of Nyon, seeking an audience with your leader, Rigmrr.”

A total silence landed over the place, with the creatures all gazing at the army, their gleaming red eyes and faces inscrutable. Nano felt his pulse hike temporarily, wondering if they had a new leader. Possibly, a new Ensys had waged a fight with the Rigmrr, and had overthrown him … and if this was so, they would have made the deadliest mistake by asking for an audience with the old one – the entire batch would certainly be allowed to tear them up and eat them by the new leader, for claiming to want an audience with the old leader, a foe of his. 

As the silence wore on, the entire batch of creatures looked at each other, while the one in front steadily gazed at Nano. Who returned his gaze in unwavering earnest. 

He had the strangest feeling that his hunch was correct… the name ‘Rigmrr’ had left a very nasty, pronounced silence over the entire lot of creatures. There certainly was a new leader, Nano realised. And if so, this would be the last day in this millennia for Nano and the other watchmen. 

And then, the creature slowly rasped, “Rigmrr … is not in a position … for meeting with outsiders.”

This kindled Nano’s curiosity.

“Why is this?” he asked slowly.

The creature shook his bald head slowly, and said, “Our leader Rigmrr … has off late fallen prey to a great illness … Which saps into his life … and will soon leave him dead.”

Nano exchanged a glance with Dantox, and he knew both of them were remembering what Qyro had told them earlier on, of this illness that Rigmrr had fallen prey to. 

A short, heavy silence hung, before the creature went on:

“His life is eroding … And our people have greater worries … without unwanted outsiders adding to it.”

Nano knew that he might be pushing his luck, but he was prepared to risk it.

“In thinking so, you make a great mistake.” he said, and the creatures all looked at each other with the first traces of indignance appearing upon their terrifying faces. 
But the one in front watched him unwaveringly, listening to him as he spoke. “Our world is now facing a far heavier worry. A war. And when it descends upon you as well, your leader’s illness would be nothing to you.”

His words dissolved in a stiff, loud silence. 

The creature ahead of Nano continued to gaze at him, his gleaming red eyes seeming to glow brighter. Some of the other Ensys slowly inched forward, their pincers twitching, as if yearning to sink into the lot of watchmen intruding their home. 

The Ensys before Nano gave a faint nod, and said, “Explain.”

Nano took in a deep breath, and then plunged in. He told the Ensys of the rising of the Xeni, and how they would soon unleash their demon forces upon the world again. And of how it was inevitable. He explained that they needed to gather their armies to stand against the invasion of the Xeni’s demonic force.

When he finished, there was a pin drop, speckless silence, and he had the distinct impression that the Ensys were stunned by what they had heard. Stunned enough not to kill them, at least. 

“The demons…” rasped the creature, and there was a sudden outburst of pincers clicking, and the hiss like voices as the Ensys broke into a tense conversation with each other. Their hiss like voices combined to fill the entire cavern, leaving sharp echoes behind them. 

“What about them?” asked Nano. “The demons?”

“Our race … has suffered much because of them.” The crimson gleam in his eyes brightened as he spoke, teeth clenched. “They have cast a black taint on us… which endures for eight thousand years.”

The creature plunged into a story, while the rest of the Ensys stopped to listen to their forlorn tale. It spoke of the war eight millennia back. When the Xeni had unleashed the demons, men weren’t the only ones who fell to suffering. The demons believed themselves to be superior to not only men, but to all other non human creatures, which they deemed unworthy of life. 

The creature held its gaze over Nano for a long moment, before saying in a soft voice, “I see … that you are right after all. There is … a greater cause to worry of.”

He slowly stepped aside, and spread his hand out towards the inside of the dark cavern, where the tribe of the creatures could be seen gathered about, moving in dark shapes across the gloomy expanse. 

“Rigmrr … will be at the very end of the cavern,” said the Ensys. “Go forth. And you shall meet him in person … to inform him of this terrible new threat that has arisen over our world.”

Nano, Dantox, and the other watchmen progressed down the place. The tribe of Ensys parted to pave way for them. Backing to both sides of the cavern, and watching them closely as they went forth. 

They marched on for at least a hundred or so metres before stopping at its end. And here, sitting with his pincers folded, his torso bent slightly forward, was quite possibly the largest of the entire batch of Ensys. Rigmrr’s body would easily have come close to the size of a small ship: the lower half of his form, made by the headless body of the giant spider, could have occupied half a large house. Sitting over it, the lonesome torso of the man was long and slim. There were dark black patches painting his skin so that it looked gruesome and sickly … This, Nano guessed, was the strange illness that he was surely suffering from. 

His torso was bent forward slightly, and his eyes were closed, but Nano had the faintest suspicion that he was as alert as could be, despite the half asleep, semi conscious look he gave. 

Before Nano could begin speaking, a harsh, hiss like voice spoke, leaving the mouth of the large creature before him.

“They … demolished our entire race,” said Rigmrr, his eyes now slowly growing open. “eight thousand years back … they hunted us all down, and attempted to scour us from existence … since then, we have lived on as a meek shadow of what had been earlier on … and we will never, ever allow the Xeni’s empire to rise again for what had happened the last time it did.”

“The Xeni’s and the demons’ onslaught affected all.” said Nano. “The entire world suffered for it. Now, you realise that we are on the same side. Join us.”

Rigmrr kept his eyes levelled with Nano’s, before letting a devilish smile rip across his face.

“That … is exactly what we will now do,” he breathed coldly. “To join your side … and to fight the Xeni and their evil forces is what we must now do. To avenge our lost ancestors, to repay them with the blood that they took from us. And also,” His tone grew quiet. “Because once they are released … they will come for us. To finish their job. The Xeni’s forces … will undoubtedly scour the lands, and attempt to finish us, the last of the Ensys, once and for all … To protect ourselves, we must join hands with you.”

“And you are wise in doing so.” said Nano, nodding. “By joining us, you are allying yourself with the oldest establishment that resists your ancient enemies. And you will be wrapped within our protection as well. I guarantee you that as no one else could.” 

The creature held him in a steady gaze, and then beckoned over to the rest of the Ensys, who no longer looked as intimidating. They were staring at the watchmen with a kind of silent reverence etched over their brutish features. One that lessened their savage display. 

“This day … shall mark something for both of us,” Rigmrr growled. “So return to your Nyon … and inform them of your new alliance. Us. When the war breaks … we will stand by you, against the Xeni and their demonic forces which once harassed us.”

Nano never thought it would have been this easy. Feeling a glow of triumph brighten his world, he nodded. 

His eyes scanned the dark patches spread over the pitiful creature. “Is there a cure for this illness of yours?”

The Ensys appeared thoughtful for a paused moment, while the rest of the creatures looked about at each other, murmuring in their unreadable, sharp tongues.

“There is…” the Ensys said finally. “But it is exceptionally rare … It is a type of rock substance known as Eleegron … which is found at the farthest corner of the spectrum … where none dare tread.”

Surprised, Nano shook his head. “Eleegron. We’ve heard of this rock substance before. And it is easier to reach than you might imagine.”

There was a slightly sharp silence.

Rigmrr was gazing at Nano with a incredulous look, his jaw half open. “Can you … procure it for me?”

Nano let his thoughts run over what he knew of Eleegron, and its whereabouts. It was not unfamiliar for him. But at the same time, he wasn’t sure exactly how easy it was to find and procure. It could be done, surely. But how easily, and in how much time … and whether Rigmrr would survive long enough for them to find and bring it to him, Nano had no idea.
 
“I have a faint idea of where it is found,” he answered. “The substance is not unknown to me. However, exactly how soon and how easily, I do not know. But rest assured -” he added, as the anticipation on the Ensys’s faces fell quickly. “It can definitely be found and procured … you have my word on that. It is not completely out of reach.”

Rigmrr was gazing at Nano in a mild new light, with something relaxing in the lines of his temple. “If you manage to do so … if you manage to procure Eleegron, and have it brought to me … then we would all be eternally indebted to you. And we would support your side … with only the utmost of fervour.” He nodded, the first true smile blooming upon his face. 

“Then we will try even harder,” said Nano. “to have this substance found for you.”


Having finished their audience, the batch of watchmen marched back down the cavern. There was a new energy in their stride, and a hum of victory played within their minds.


6




The ship was put in autopilot, set to make a brief halt in Jacova before moving on to Quolnos. The four Nyon stood about the large hull, their eyes fixed on the black spaces filling the four screens ahead. 

Jacova was known to be reasonably close to where they were, and they would be reaching it anytime now. 

Ion looked across the hull to see Mantra standing as calmly as ever, his serene gaze perched on the screen opposite to them. Qyro was standing beside him, his right leg shifting as it drew patterns over the floor in its boredom. Vestra was standing across the hull, her hands folded. 

And something happened, which the three youngsters in the hull sensed immediately. 

Mantra’s posture picked a sudden rigidness. His eyes shut and his breathing seemed to stall for a prolonged group of seconds. 

The three others knew what was happening. 

He was sensing something…

Then, after a trail of seconds, he slowly opened his eyes, resuming his unwavered stare into the black screens ahead. But something new seemed to have dawned on his wizened features.

The three others stood on the spot, looking at him quietly through the pinched silence.

Finally, Vestra slowly stepped forward, placing a gentle arm on his shoulder. “Master … what is it?”

He continued to gaze into the screens ahead. 

“There was a … shift in the energy field, which I sensed. And with it … I sensed a new development.” His eyes grew very slightly wide. “An important development.”

The three others swapped serious glances. 

“What is it?” Qyro asked him. 

Mantra hadn’t moved his eyes from ahead of him. “The batch of watchmen sent for the Ensys…”

Ion could feel his attention sharpen as he waited… 

“What happened to them?” he asked softly. A flicker of hope kindled within him. Was it, by the remotest chance, possible that they had actually succeeded? Could fortune have graced them with this victory after all? If so, then perhaps things weren’t all that bad as they seemed … they stood the meekest chance now, if they had won over the alliance of the Ensys. 

“What happened to them, master?” Qyro repeated, frowning intensely.

“Have they done it?” Ion said, feeling the spark in his tone. “Have they won the Ensys to our side?”

Mantra was calmly looking into the abyss of black over the screens ahead, coated with a spread of a million glinting stars. He seemed to be floating off elsewhere, leaving his physical body behind him. 

With the three of them watching him, he slowly drew in a deep, long, and then turned to bring his eyes upon them. 

“No … they never even made it out of the cave.”


7




Vestra gave a feeble gasp, her hands flying to her mouth. Ion and Qyro looked at each other, both their faces mirrors of the same horror and revulsion. 

“They’re … dead?” asked Vestra.

“You mean the Ensys … the Ensys killed them?” asked Qyro.

“Yes.” came Mantra’s calm reply. “But there’s more … the Ensys have joined the Xeni.”

His words left a daze to fill the room. 

“Joined the Xeni?” all three of them said at once, equally puzzled at this new twist.

Mantra’s gaze grew far off. “Whatever happened in that cave,” He shook his head, looking troubled. “is disturbing. Dantox and the watchmen we sent were near victory. They were very near to winning the Ensys over to our side … But then something happened … something that I can’t properly sense, but seems troubling for some reason. Then, the Ensys decided to instead join the Xeni. And they killed them.”

“Dantox, Nano and the watchmen?” asked Vestra. “The Ensys killed them all?”

Mantra nodded solemnly, his eyes grim. 

As the shock passed, fury broke through Ion, so that he stood there with clenched fists. Master Dantox. And Nano. And the other watchmen. That they were all no more triggered a wave of anger that rushed through him with a visceral force. 

“But, how?” breathed Qyro, shaking his head in a gesture of utter disbelief. “How could it be that the Ensys joined the Xeni?”

Vestra nodded along with him, frowning in equal puzzlement. “They hate Redgarn and the Xeni, don’t they? For what they did to their race eight millennia back.”

“Yes,” said Mantra, frowning. “I thought they did too.”

“Then why in the world would they wanna join them?” asked Ion, unable to add what had just happened. 

Mantra stroked his chin calmly, appearing to be deep in thought. He shook his head slowly, unable to come to a conclusion himself to this bizarre new twist. 

“There’s nothing more you can tell, master?” asked Qyro. 

“I wish I could, just as much as the three of you.” Mantra walked forward across the room, with the three of their eyes following him. “But I sensed a sudden shifting in the energy patters around the hundred or so watchmen. At first, triumph … and then, defeat and dissolution. They were victorious with the relation they had gone there to forge … before something happened that twisted the table completely.” His scowl deepened. “I don’t know what it is. But whatever had happened in the middle, to make the Ensys change their mind, it is greatly troubling. Whatever it is, it disturbs me more than the fate of Dantox, Nano and the watchmen.”

The three of them switched deeply unsettled looks. 

Ion wondered what possibly could have happened, which had made Dantox and the watchmen’s victory suddenly turn to defeat and leave them all dead. And how could the Ensys have been made to join the Xeni, whom they bore a deep rooted hatred for?

A heaviness pressed down upon them all, a silence that welled with the same grief. 

“And what about Nano and the watchmen?” Vestra asked suddenly. “The watchmen don’t die, do they?”

“No, but they would have returned to the conch,” said Mantra. “to return a millennia later.”

“A millennia?” laughed Ion, though he found nothing humorous in what he was hearing. 

“But we don’t have a millennia!” protested Qyro. “We needed them now, more than ever. We needed them for the war, when the demon forces were to be released.”

“We still have the rest of the army,” said Mantra, the grave tone in his voice lessening. “And we’re fortunate enough that we do. The loss of Nano, Dantox and the hundred others among the watchmen is definitely a heavy one. But our position is not as weak as it could have been. As long as the rest of the army stands, we still have hope. And with the help of the rest of the army, we can forge a wide range of alliances among the non man beings. And that would be the route we now have for building our army. To fend off Redgarn’s. And as long as we take hold of this one chance, to protect what we stand for,” He shook his head firmly. “all is not lost. For now, we need to greatly sharpen our minds in the task that we have with us now: your task is to get the support of the Skrylis, while mine is to find my former student. 

“Don’t waste yourselves mourning for what has been lost. Instead, devote yourselves to avenging them through ending this battle as fast as it had started. For too much life has been lost now, and we can tarry no longer.” 

He looked around at all of them with a look of focus sharpening his calm demeanour. “Our tasks now, are of utmost importance. Because the Ensys were counted as our greatest alliance. We’ve lost them now. We need to bank upon whatever’s left now, to gather our army. And that’s why our present tasks now fall to a far, far heavier importance.”

The energy that his words flowed with reached across the three of them, leaving the gloomy atmosphere to drain quickly. Leaving a sense of purpose to replace the heaviness in the air. Ion’s grief transformed into resolve.

They could feel the ship’s speed plummet rapidly, leaving its spaceripping speed. And over the screen directly ahead, a large planet suddenly zoomed to life. It was a planet with a strange, maroon coloured surface.

“We’re here at Jacova,” said Mantra, and he turned to them. “I’ll get off here, while you go on to go on to contact the Skrylis in Quolnos. When you’re done, come back here, and I’ll be waiting. If all goes well, I’ll be waiting with a much needed new alliance added to ours. With the loss of the Ensys, and the hundred watchmen, a very much needed alliance.”

“Let’s hope you do,” said Qyro. 

Mantra turned to Ion. “Oh, and I’ll need you to accompany me in this.”

“Me?” 

“Yes,” said Mantra. “Qyro and Vestra will be able to handle the Skrylis by themselves.”

Ion lifted an eyebrow. “All right, then.”

“Good.” Mantra turned to the other two, and gave a stern nod. “Well, good luck to the two of you. Because I think if there was a time when we could use the aid of luck … it would be now.”

“We’ve already told you this before,” said Qyro. 

“We don’t need luck.” finished Vestra, her eyes sparked with fervour.

__________


Reaching the large maroon planet, the ship had zoomed in to the edge of a very feeble inhabitance. It was something of a village. Huts erected with bricks and straw roofs were seen on the rocky, sloping terrain. They were all spread over an enormous area, making the place look lesser like a true village and more like a random group of huts. Some of the huts were larger, some of them smaller. The inhabitants could be seen outside of a few of them, shooting curious glances at Mantra and Ion as they swiftly strode past.

Through the haze at the distance, mountains could be seen rising into the horizon, an extension of the land that they were now crossing. 

Some of the huts had hover cars or bikes stationed beside them. Very few had full sized ships perched amidst the wide terrain. Most of them were of a greatly old craft, with a tarnished look, as though their owners hadn’t used or driven them in ages. 

“So who is this student of yours?” asked Ion, trying to evade the boredom as they trotted down the lands in silence. 

“A mystic who definitely would have done well to join our brotherhood.” sighed Mantra. “It was too bad he decided not to. I could see so much in him, so much waiting to be unleashed if he had stayed with us. But he decided to move on to other things. And staying with us did not hold much of an appeal to him, I’m sorry to say. But I think, given the present climate, he may decide to do what he should have done long back … and join hands with us. I’m hoping he would.”

Ion let his thoughts wander over the tense predicament that had found them. The sheer graveness of the present. The storm waiting to break soon now … and how they were the only ones left to stand in its way when it did. When it broke. The army of watchmen, along with the whatever allies they managed to forge, were all that now remained to defend this world against the evil unleashed by the Xeni. 

Unable to stand it, Ion turned to Mantra and asked, “Will they succeed?”

Mantra looked at him. “Who?”

“The watchmen.” he said, hearing the desperacy in his own voice. “Right now, they’re spread over the outer spectrum, making allies among the non man beings. But …will they succeed in getting the support that we need? To build our army?”

Mantra smiled. “Ah, Ion, don’t mistake me for too much of what I seem to be: there are some things I cannot sense, and the future is one of them”

“But we really need them to.” Ion shook his head. “We need them to win over all the allies possible to aid our war, don’t we?”

“Definitely so.” replied Mantra, gazing on ahead as he walked. “But don’t let that affect you now. Even if they don’t succeed in that, we have them. We have the army of watchmen. Without them, we would truly be nothing right now. And that should suffice in the most meagre means. Let us treasure what we have been given, without letting dark times shroud our vision. And right now, the watchmen are a true treasure to our side. A divine treasure indeed.” He turned and brought his calm gaze over Ion again. “But to satiate your fears, let me give you my answer. Yes.  The watchmen are proficient in what they were made for. Which was, to protect our world whatever the cost. They will definitely win over a large alliance among the creatures they find in the outer spectrum.”

The stern faith he spoke with quelled a portion of Ion’s fears. 

“When they’re done,” Mantra continued, turning to him again. “We will gather with all of the forces we have amassed. The four of us, the entire army of watchmen, and all of the forces they have mustered for this war, will gather and unite in preparation of what we must fend for now.”

Ion suddenly realised something, which he found strange not to have realised earlier. “But wait … How’re we going to reach them?”

“Who?”
	
“The watchmen.”

Mantra slipped a hand beneath the front of his cloak around his chest and withdrew the necklace with the Grael conch.

Oh, forgot about that. thought Ion. 

“The conch is the instrument of summoning the watchmen.” Mantra explained.  “The person sounding the conch summons the entire army, as one, to gather where he is, and lets the army move from there only with his approven command.” He slipped the conch back below his cloak. “We’ll summon the entire army, and see what they’ve managed to scrape out of their different ventures across the outer spectrum.”

The two of them were now edging to the end of the largely spread group of huts. The huts were now distributed far more spaced out, and the rocky region was starting to grow rougher. They climbed up and down the unlevelled land. Mantra hopped over one of the large boulders situated in their path, and his eyes scanned the distance. Ion climbed up alongside him and looked down the land.

“There he is.” said Mantra, pointing not very far from them. Nearing the edge of the last huts in sight was a large, grand looking ship of black colour.

“He’s in there?” asked Ion, turning to Mantra.

“No,” Mantra edged closer to Ion, jabbing his forefinger harder into the air in front. Ion narrowed his eyes and saw it: less than a hundred or so metres in front of the large black ship, they could see a man in a brown cloak sitting in front of a fire, soothing his hands.

“Yup, I see him.” said Ion, climbing down the rock. As Mantra leapt off the rock, landing beside him, Ion asked, “How’d you know exactly where he was?”

Mantra’s lips creased in a mild smile. “I always know where he is.” He turned to look at Ion with the same tranquil depth in his white eyes. “I’ve kept an eye on almost all my apprentices since they left.”

Right. thought Ion. I forgot who I’m talking to.

They made their way down the rough land and arrived before Mantra’s brown cloaked apprentice. Sensing their presence, the man turned and faced them. 

It was Vonayz. 

“You!” gasped Ion, jumping back. Flabbergasted, he turned to Mantra and spat, “This was your former apprentice?”

Mantra nodded. “And the large force that he leads, which I was talking about, is none other than Force one, the group of thousand or so mystics that he commands.”

He turned and looked at a mortified Ion. “Now you see why I brought you along. Because more than being my apprentice … he’s your friend.”

Vonayz stood there as still as a rock, his eyes glued to Ion. And a century seemed to pass as the two deadly foes stood there, staring at each other. 

This can’t be. Ion thought, thunderstruck. He had known Vonayz to be of uncanny powers. And he had, since being rescued by him, always wondered where he had gotten these powers, and how he had become such a strong mystic at such a young age…

Well, he now had the answer. 

Mantra had trained Vonayz. Evidently, in the hopes that the boy would do good with his training and help the Nyon. But Vonayz had betrayed his master’s faith and, after finishing, decided to use Mantra’s training for the despicable, evil means that Ion had known him to. 

Vonayz had his eyes pinned to Ion, and a silent roar of fury slowly gathered within them. One that transcended all other emotions. Something seemed to corrode in the air around, as the echoes of a heavy and turmoiled past filled the silence between the two of them. 

As the century passed, Vonayz switched his gaze to Mantra and gave a loud laugh. 

“Wrong, master. I’m neither your apprentice,” His eyes flamed as he shifted them over to Ion again. “nor his friend anymore. Now, what in the bloody hell would the two of you come here for? What do you want?” 

Mantra took the space of a second to heave a deep sigh. “We want your understanding, Vonayz.”

Vonayz raised an eyebrow, staring coldly at his master.

“Understand,” went on Mantra. “that you are not what you think you are. You are more. Far more. I say this, because it was I who trained you. It was I who knew you. And I know you better than you yourself do.” He took a step forward, his voice dropping to a mere whisper. “You are more, young one. And today, I stand here to make you recognise the truth … recognise yourself.”

Mantra turned and swept his eyes over the back of the roughened terrain they were standing in. “We are now in a treacherous time. One that will determine the fate of the entire world forever hence, and will bind us all to it. We are at the edge of a great war. One that has silently raged forever, but now awakened to the largest scale of reality. The war between good and evil … Elderon and Mezmeron. And the time has come for mankind to make its stand, to take its sides … and to fight for the cause they believe in. And among mankind, we are destined to shape the future of the world through this war. We, the ones chosen to fight this war.” His tone became gentle. “When I trained you, I saw you for a good person. I saw that side which you carried in you, and I see it now as well. And I ask you now to witness that side within yourself, and to do what it asks you to. For now more than ever, you are needed. We all are.” He drew in a deep breath.

“The Xeni order has returned. And the world is about to be plunged into anarchy forever. In less than a few hours, they would have used the plague crystal to release the demon army, the force of Mezmeron, and enslave all of mankind.”

Vonayz gaped at Mantra as the effect of his words faded.

“What the hell are you talking about?” he burst out, sounding positively puzzled. “Plague crystal? Demon army? Force of Mezmeron?”

Mantra looked at Ion. “Would you mind helping?”

Ion didn’t respond, but continued to hold Vonayz in a seething glare. Vonayz … on our side? Could he possibly accept that? 

He couldn’t … He couldn’t comprehend it. Everything within him revolted in disgust and fury. 

“Yes,” he replied bluntly. “I do mind helping. I’m sorry, but you’re on your own in this. And good luck.” 

And he stood there with his arms folded, glaring at Vonayz. 

Mantra gave a long sigh, and shrugged his shoulders. “Suit yourself.” He turned back to Vonayz. “All right, there’s quite a lot going on, which the outer world has no idea of. They threatened to blow off ten planets. But it was not for no avail: the Xeni were doing all of it for a reason, as a part of a plan. Nobody outside their order knows, of course. Except us.” 

Mantra explained everything, of the Xeni’s plan in releasing the army that they had kept sealed in another dimension for eight millennia, waiting for the ripe time to release it. But Vonayz showed not the meekest regard or respect for his master: while Mantra flowed on, explaining how Vonayz and the thousand or so powerful mystics he controlled in force one were desperately needed to join their side to fend off the Xeni’s uprising evil, Vonayz played with his z-com, paying him the least attention possible. He paused only to shoot scorching glares at Ion, and also at Mantra himself at intervals. 

But Mantra seemed perfectly unbothered, not a pinch of anger arising in his voice as he went on speaking. 

As Mantra finished, there was a brush of affection kindled within those white eyes, as he gazed at his former student. Meanwhile, Vonayz continued to throw his z-com into the air and use his powers to make it float there.

“Vonayz,” Mantra said, with an air of closure. “I know that there’s good in you.” He glanced at Ion. “As there was in Ion, too. I had secretly kept my faith in Ion, despite what he had done. And secretly, I kept my faith in you as well.  And I know that you will do this as Ion did, to redeem yourself.”

Ion was inwardly amazed that Mantra set so much store by Vonayz. After living and growing up with him, he had known him far better than Mantra. And that was why he felt that the words the elderly master spoke were hollow and meaningless. The boy standing in front of them would not put his selfish, brutal ways aside and come over to their side to help the world … And Ion was thankful for it. Because the last thing he needed was this creature ahead of him … A reminder of what he had once been, and the reason he had been so. 

“Can you put that away, and listen to me?” asked Mantra, with a bite in his voice, as Vonayz played with the z-com. 

Vonayz scowled at Mantra. “I’m not your student anymore for you to boss me around. And thank god for that.”

Mantra simply sighed tragically. “Indeed you aren’t … as much as I wish you were. As much as I wished that I could go back to those days, so that my err in training you could be righted.”

“There was no err in training me.”

“Yes there was. Why else would you be what you are now?” Mantra took a step forward, placing a gentle hand on Vonayz’s shoulder. “Deep down, you know I tell the truth, when I say this: you belong with me … with us. With the noble cause of protecting the world, and not destroying it.

Ion gazed across the land, at the cluster of huts near the large black ship. Overhead, dusk was slowly pulling over the skies like a blanket, as the glow of the morning faded in the blue skies. 

“What do you say?” asked Mantra finally. “Join us, because we need you. Force one has a thousand or so mystics that we could desperately use for our battle now.”

Vonayz slipped his z-com into his robe pocket and finally held his master’s eyes. 

As he was the whole time, Ion kept his fists clenched, trying his best not to let his anger ruin this task. As much as he wanted it to. 

__________


Flicking a strand of his black hair off his face, Zardin gazed into the holo screen over the z-com in his hand. It was a verbal message. A verbal message from Vonayz:

MANTRA AND ION ARE HERE. WITH ME, RIGHT NOW. 

YOU MIGHT WANNA COME GET THEM FAST.

A cold smile gleamed on his pale features. Vonayz, along with the rest of force one, had come to join their side just recently. It was too bad Mantra and Ion didn’t know it. Too bad for them. 

He punched in a reply, and sent it to Vonayz:

I’LL BE THERE.

AS YOU KNOW, WE’RE CLOSER THAN YOU THINK.

He turned and walked back down the metallic floor, pocketing his z-com.

__________


“The time is upon us.” said Mantra, his hand still over Vonayz’s shoulder. “We have very little time to gather our armies and if you join us, you and force one would be our most needed alliance.”

Vonayz lifted an eyebrow, a look of dawning interest on his face.

“Gather your armies?” he asked slowly. “And … how exactly are you doing this?”

Mantra considered the question for a moment, and said, “With the aid of a most needed force we have by our side … the army of watchmen.”

Vonayz’s breathing stalled as his eyes widened. “Watchmen? They’ve returned?”

“Yes they have.”

“You have the watchmen with your side now?”

“Yes we do.”

The shock lingered for a few moments on Vonayz’s face, before sinking back to the same uninterested look he’d been wearing. But Ion couldn’t help noticing that something in his eyes almost looked … unsettled. Troubled. He sank to a thoughtful gaze for a while. leaving Ion in front of him with his arms folded in contempt, and Mantra beside him with his hand still clutching his shoulder.

The sky above dimmed slowly, as the final lights of the day faded. As the dusk wore through and the night formed, the mild activity around them was dying down. The people who’d been outside the huts were receding back to it, lighting torches within them. 

Ion noticed a group of people filing outside the large black ship near them, where they’d been all along. They disbanded, all of them spreading out to return to their respective huts. 

“So what’re the watchmen doing?” Vonayz asked finally.

“We’ve sent them to gather our forces.” 

“Yeah, but what’s the plan there, exactly?” asked Vonayz, and Ion picked up a strange, sharp anticipation in his tone. He was being, in Ion’s opinion, overly curious all of a sudden.

He wondered why… 

Mantra chuckled softly. “You know we can’t be giving out all our secrets to outsiders, right?”

“Outsiders?” asked Vonayz, his lips parting in a grin. 

“Sorry, kid,” said Mantra. “But that’s what you are as of now … unless you decide to join us, of course.”

“Give me one solid reason I should,” said Vonayz, a mild growl in his tone as he switched his gaze over to Ion. 

Ion had to fight the urge to unsheathe his sword and run it through Vonayz. But he contented himself with a tight smile, before turning and gazing across the lands. 

“Believe me,” said Mantra, his grip on Vonayz’s shoulder tightening. “If you refuse my offer … there will be a time when you will regret it.”

“Believe me,” contradicted Vonayz. “I won’t.” He wrenched Mantra’s hand off his shoulder, turned and kicked dirt over to the fire, dousing it. 

Ion walked forward and sat behind where Mantra was. He inwardly felt that this was a lost cause the very moment he knew who Mantra’s student was. But Mantra apparently had other notions. Far off from where they were, the setting sun lay pressed to the horizon, a disc of radiant, glowing red. One of the cloaked men from the black ship was trotting towards them, making his way to his hut. And as he neared, Ion caught sight of his face … Zardin’s blank eyesockets were fixed steadily on Ion, his face alive with malice as he walked over towards them.

As Ion rose, his tongue bone dry, he realised that the rest of the cloaked men who’d alighted the large black ship weren’t spreading out towards their huts … they were spreading out to surround him and Mantra. 

Vonayz turned back to face Ion, a grin burning on his face. “Sorry to say … I’ve already made my alliance.”

Mantra paused for a second, and then turned to face Zardin as his footsteps neared. His calm look was just as dangerously unfazed as always. 

Walking on towards them, Zardin shook his head and spread his hands in a warm gesture. “What a pleasant surprise, I must say … for you.”

Mantra turned back to Vonayz, gazing at him in steady silence. Wounded silence. 

Ion’s fear was blotted by the surge of fury that awoke inside of him. As Mantra stood there, gazing calmly at his former student, Ion walked forward and unsheathed his sword. 

“I swear do you,” he hissed, locking eyes with Vonayz. “before the end of this life … I will kill you.”

Vonayz sneered. “Not if I kill you first.” 

He drew his saber and progressed. Approaching fast from beside them, Zardin shouted to the Xeni closing them all over: “Kill them!” 

“Time to leave,” Mantra said, tugging Ion from the back. “let’s go, Run!”

With a final, seething glare at Vonayz, Ion and Mantra turned and took to their heals. The rough, sloping lands marked no difference to the two of them as they tore across it, with the Xeni sweeping in towards them from all sides, surrounding them. 

Ion’s hopes crashed: the Xeni swooped in from all sides, and there was no way in the world they could wriggle off their grasp. 

But Mantra threw both hands out as he had done when the Zelgron had attacked them: A violent shockwave erupted from where Mantra stood, soaring out to smash into the Xeni from all over, lifting them into the air. They sailed, airborne, across ten metres. Before they had landed, Mantra and Ion had hurtled across the distance and had passed them. A collective, muffled thud and a set of groans sounded right behind them as the Xeni’s bodies landed. Ion threw a split second glance: the Xeni were scurrying to their feet and, together, dashing towards the two Nyon dangerously fast…

His heart hammering, Ion turned back and propelled himself forth alongside Mantra. 


8




Redgarn strode down the large cave with quiet footsteps, another cloaked Xeni by his side. The only faint sound through the silence was the rustle of their cloaks scraping the cave floor behind them as they walked. 

“We’ve come far.” Redgarn said. “We are now closer than anyone had dared for ages. We owe our debts to many, both before us and with us now, to have helped us reach where we are now.”

The Xeni walking by his side nodded. 

Redgarn continued. “But our greatest debt is to you, my fellow Xeni. You rank after Zardin himself, in the contribution made to our order’s victory.”

“Thank you, my lord. You are very kind.”

“Your continued assistance to us has been the greatest boon possible.” said Redgarn. “And it has fetched us a great heap of benefits. You have served with us for almost two decades, and these two decades formed the period of our rise … and of their fall. The fall of the Nyon. It’s no co incidence at all. But it was your most recent achievement that we could not have done without: your success in getting the Ensys to join us. For that, the entire order is truly grateful to you. The Ensys are a valuable ally, and you steered them away from joining the Nyon and got them to join us instead.” He shook his head. “But didn’t the Nyon ever suspect you?”

“They didn’t.” Dantox replied, his smile seeming to glitter in the dark. “I was good at what I did.”

Redgarn gave a loud, unpleasant laugh. “You definitely were. A spy within the Nyon is something is the one achievement we had craved for, but never could achieve. But you made that possible. For years now, you have lived among them as a spy, pretending, and hiding your deep secret well from them. I must congratulate you, for it must have been no easy feat. And now, after so long, your efforts have paid off … in our long awaited victory.”

“Thank you, my lord.” Dantox gave a mild bow. “I must admit, it was no easy feat. I was forced to hide my intentions in the most crucial way possibly. For the Nyon were not the sort that fell prey to deception with ease. And I was forced to arm myself with only the most advanced mind concealing training to undertake the dangerous mission.” He stopped and turned to face Redgarn, his eyes gleaming with triumph. “And it payed of. I proved myself worthy to them, and something happened which made my very own self question the enormity of my luck…”

Redgarn nodded slowly. “Yes … you were made a member of the elder council.”

Dantox’s smile widened. “Yes. And that was the turning point for the Xeni. With my entering into the elder council, I managed to redeem information of various sorts, to aid our rising conquest. I found the existence of file D from some of the other masters, who confided in the secret deeming me trustworthy now that I was a member of the council. Mantra, who had been there when the file had been created, had been aware of it all along. In time, I forged spy relations with a very, very crucial entity: the Naxim. And through this, I learned about the current secret holder of file D, and where he lives. And so, with that knowledge, Zardin went on to capture Derigor, to have the file procured from him.”

“You’ve been the reason for our many triumphs.” said Redgarn, stroking his chin. “You gave us the location of the Nyon temple earlier on, and let us attack it. When the attack failed, you were lucky enough to have stuck to Mantra, to know what he was doing with the plague crystal. Of course, you were unable to contact us initially, with risk of giving yourself away with Mantra by your side. But in time, you managed to find an opening, and you told us where the plague crystal was, and what the Nyon were doing with it. And as the latest victory for our side, you managed to secretly get the Ensys’ horde to join forces with us instead of the Nyon.”

Dantox drifted into reminiscence for a meek moment. 

“It was rather easy, my lord.” he said finally, turning back to his master with a sly smile. “Too easy, as a matter of fact.”


Half an hour back


Having finished their audience with the Ensys, Nano and the watchmen trotted back down the cavern, the way they came. The army marched past with a new energy in their walk.

“That was easier than we ought to have hoped.” Nano said. “Would you not agree, master Dantox? … Dantox?” He stopped and turned back, only to realise that the watchmen were now marching off down the place alone. 

Dantox wasn’t with them.

“Where–?”	

One of the watchmen right behind Nano, said, “He is still in the cavern, with the Ensys.”

The entire batch of watchmen came to a stop behind Nano. Nano gazed down the dark cavern, now enclosed with shadows. With the light from their torches having moved past it.

“Still in the cavern?” Nano repeated wondrously. 

The other watchman nodded. “He told us to go on, said that there was something he needed to take care of.”

Nano felt a slight, almost unnoticeable stroke of discord. “That is rather odd.” He mumbled. “What would he be doing with them, when our pact has already been made?”

The hundred watchmen behind stood silently, watching their leader as he peered down the dark cavern. Where the Nyon master was. 

“Should we go back for him?” asked one of the men.

Nano thought for a quiet second, before shaking his head and turning back. “No … I believe it would be fine. Let us do as he says, and go on … he will come back.”

The hundred watchmen resumed striding down the dark cavern, the light from their torches casting a wide orange halo of illumination around them. 

Nano felt a silent unsettlement cast a shadow over the joy of having this task accomplished.

For what had Dantox stayed behind with the Ensys? Nano guessed that he was hanging back to meet their leader, Rigmrr. But for what reason exactly?…

A very faint queasiness ruffled his thoughts as he walked on … he sensed something wrong in this situation, something hovering overhead, waiting to land. But exactly what, he couldn’t tell. 

__________


Meanwhile, far inside of the cave, in a complete silence, the leader of the Ensys was resting with his giant, hideous form seated over the rocky ground. 

Dantox stood feet in front of him, with a neat smile on his face. He was here to ensure that the Ensys came to join the Xeni, instead of the Nyon. He had just finished telling Rigmrr whom he represented, and asked for the tribe of Ensys to change their minds and to join them, the Xeni, instead.

Rigmrr was gazing down upon Dantox with something brewing within the depths of those dark red beads that made his eyes. Finally, after a long, tense silence that would have taken anyone to jitters, Rigmrr threw his head back and laughed. The sound felt like a set of razors scraping over a barren, rough surface.

“Before I kill you … pathetic Xeni,” growled Rigmrr, his teeth locked in an iron hard clench. “What … did you think of offering me, to avail our support? – I just ask because I’m curious, that’s all …What could your side, which has demolished mine so violently, possibly think of offering me in return to wipe out your sins and the cruelty you showed us eight millennia back … and to avail our support and loyalty?… ANSWER ME, MAN BEING!”

“Let me show you.” Dantox raised the small black pouch he had been carrying all along. He opened the pouch and tipped its contents to the ground below. The Eleegron fell to the ground, small pebble like rocks painted in a bright blue colour. They landed over the hard rough surface of the cavern, where they sat still, leaving a shining blue glitter in the dullness of the cavern. 

Rigmrr’s beady red eyes widened, his jaw falling wide. “It can’t be…” 

His awed gaze was frozen over Eleegron for a long second, before rising to meet Dantox’s. 

“And in return,” said Dantox. “in return for the Eleegron which you’ve yearned for so long, we want your loyalty and the allegiance of your race. In this war, against the Nyon.”

Rigmrr’s red eyes were frozen over Dantox, gazing at him with a mixture of awe and startlement. His gaze then turned thoughtful, his thick brow contracting in a frown.

“What of the demons that you shall unleash?” asked Rigmrr, his gleaming red eyes filled with anger. “They will not stand for us… They will try and destroy what remains of our race.”

“The demons will do as we command.” said Dantox sternly. “And if you join our side, you will have nothing to fear from them. Forget the blood of your race that they shed in the war eight millennia back. For that was an unintended outcome. It shall not happen again. The Xeni and the demons will never touch any of you again … If you join us and ally your forces with ours, that is.”

Rigmrr’s eyes drilled into Dantox, studying him deeply for seconds. And then, his lips twisted in a cold smile. 
	
“Very well… you have It.” he rasped. A new vibrance was founded in his voice as he gazed down upon the Eleegron, which would finally free him of his long dreaded illness. “You have it … Our loyalty … and allegiance.”

Dantox nodded. “Welcome to your new future.”

He smiled diabolically as something suddenly occurred to him. He took a step forward towards the Ensys’s leader and bent closer. 

“There are a hundred members of the Xeni’s most despised enemies … your most despised enemies now, marching out of the cave.” His whisper grew chilly with menace. “We wouldn’t want to miss such a good opportunity, when it comes wandering right into our holds, do we? Consider this your first act of loyalty to our cause: kill the watchmen heading out of this cave. All of them.”

“With … pleasure.” Rigmrr’s thin lips stretched in a slow, devious smile. “The watchmen … will not leave this cavern alive.” 

He turned to one of the Ensys and called out in the tongue they spoke in, a shrill, hiss like noise. And as one, the entire cluster of giant spider like beasts turned and scuttled off out of the cavern … towards the hundred completely unsuspecting watchmen. Who were by now heaving their last few breaths… 


9

The present


Two of them sank into silence, so that the gloominess of the cave seemed to have temporarily absorbed everything. 

Dantox let his mind drift over everything at hand now. As Redgarn had said, they were close. There was nothing left to stand in their way. The only drawback was that the watchmen still stood … For they would be the only significant resistance to the Xeni’s conquest now. Redgarn was standing as still as stone by his right, appearing to silently contemplate something. 

Dantox joined him in silence, relishing the uplifting joy of triumph. A long awaited one. 

A pair of footsteps shuffled from across the cave. Dantox spun around to see another of their cloaked men walking towards them from across the large gloomy chamber. Dantox squinted through the darkness to see who it was. And by his side, Redgarn came out of his trance like state and faced the third Xeni walking upto them in the dark chamber. Zardin stopped a few feet from both of them and dug his hand into his pocket. He drew out a small object which Dantox recognised as … the Grael conch. 

“What!” he breathed, feeling his thoughts jam in shock. “The Grael conch!” 

Zardin smiled. “Yes. I acquired it from your beloved friend Mantra. Just a few minutes back.”

“But acquiring the conch alone would have been a completely fruitless venture.” Redgarn explained. “The conch can only be used by an initiated member of the brotherhood of Nyon.” A sharp sense of thrill stole the air in the place as he said it. “And what a surprise … we have one.”

Zardin was smiling, his pale features alive with malice.

Redgarn gave a cackle of laughter, his voice carrying about in echoes inside the dark cave. “Now, the final obstacle that stands in our way are those wretched creatures, the watchmen … and that obstacle is now to be cast out. Dantox, this will be your final and most important task: you’re initiated in the Nyon, which means that you have the power to use the conch to summon the watchmen. This is what you will now do: using the conch, summon them together … into a trap. And destroy them all.”

Dantox’s shock faded quickly, and a wide smile broke upon his face. He nodded, looking from Zardin to Redgarn. “The final, and most important of traps that we lure our foes into.”


10




Far away, there was a room doused in utter darkness. The cold metallic floor of the dark room had a large black sack placed at its centre. A fidgeting movement ensued from inside of the sack, along with faint muffled sounds. 

Stuffed inside of the sack with their heads left to emerge at the open, Mantra and Ion were chained up in heavy irons and gagged. 

Earlier, Zardin and the batch of Xeni had caught up with them, and taken them both down in spite of the brave fight they put up. But they didn’t kill them. Instead, they had decided to take the two Nyon back alive, to be used as sacrifices when they performed the spell to release the demons. They had stuffed both of them in this sack and left them here, in a room within that black ship that they’d seen earlier. But despite everything, despite the overwhelmingly helpless nature of this scenario, this wasn’t the worst…

Zardin had taken the Grael conch, after defeating the two of them. Then he had left to deliver it to Redgarn.

Now, the two of them knew, the Xeni would be using the conch to summon the entire army of watchmen. Into an ambush. It was quite possibly happening right now…

The watchmen were their most needed force, their one true boon at this intensely grave hour. And if they ended up losing them… 

Everything would be lost. There would be no hope left for them when the demon army was released. None at all. 

This couldn’t be happening…

A rage of emotions consumed Ion … fear, panic, desperation. But on top of it all, there was the fury. Fury directed at the one person whom he now hated most. 

Vonayz… 

Never before had he felt such raw hatred towards another person his entire life. A wall of iron seemed to have formed between the two of them now… 

Ion wondered if the watchmen were still alive, and if there still was a chance to stop the Xeni from destroying them. But even if there was, the two of them were tied up here, and helpless. There was nothing left at all. The batch of Xeni were outside of this ship now, probably dragging a few more innocent people from the village to use as sacrifices. And soon, they would board the ship and fly them to the Xeni lair, to witness the single most devastating event in history. And then to use them as sacrifices along with it. 

Ion fought back the helplessness smothering him. He tried to keep himself steeled, but his resolve was fumbling … there was nothing left.

The two of them lay there feeling the seconds pass like aeons. And suddenly, Ion caught a distinct noise slitting through the silence. He tried to crane his neck to see what was going on, but the darkness was absolute, nothing visible through it. It was a strange scraping noise, overlapped by a slight hiss, as though that of a snake. 

What’s that? He felt his pulse climb as the noise drew on, but nothing showed through the darkness. By his side, Mantra shifted as well, picking up the noise. A crisp, metallic cling followed by a muffled thud came. For a second, silence engulfed the room again. And then, a sudden orange flare lit the place, erasing the darkness.

Vestra and Qyro stood over a large circular hole on the floor. Both of them stood carrying ignited swords, which they had apparently used to carve out the hole on the floor: the hissing noise Ion had heard had been their ignited swords cutting through it. 

Their eyes flew over the room, halting at the centre where Mantra and Ion lay stuffed in the sack. Without a second’s hesitation, they bolted in. In a matter of seconds, they’d cut the two of them free of the sack and the iron shackles. 

“The Xeni…” breathed Ion, as they pulled their gags off their mouths. 

“They’re outside, don’t worry: they don’t know about us.” said Qyro in a hurried tone. “We snuck past them to get in here. They’re still outside.”

“What happened?” asked Mantra.

“The meeting with the Skrylis didn’t go so well.” said Vestra, as the two of them rose and steadied themselves. “So we decided to round back here, but you guys weren’t showing up, so we got a little worried.”

“We made our way in here, to this village,” took over Qyro. “to see what was happening, and we were shocked to see them. The Xeni. The fiends were all outside the ship.”

“And so, we guessed the worst.” said Vestra, her tone growing grim. “The very worst. We knew they’d probably have kept you in here, and took a chance with it. They might’ve noticed us walk past, but probably let us pass as villagers. Climbed into the ship from the back.”

“Well they’ll be boarding it anytime now!” impressed Ion, looking around at the three of them. “We’ve gotta get outta here.”

“So what in the world happened-”

But before Qyro could reach halfway through his sentence, the four of them snapped around to face the door of the room … where stood a black cloaked Xeni who had just frozen at the door’s entrance while walking past it. His eyes zipped from one person to the other among the four Nyon in the room. And then, as the puzzled daze vaporised from his expression, it grew wild with shock. 

He turned and made to bolt off, apparently to reach the rest of the Xeni with this new development. But before he had even started to run, the four of them had pounced over him from inside of the room.

The man tried to yell, but Qyro dug his fist into his mouth, muffling him instantly. 

Ion glanced down the corridor of the ship: it was empty. The man had entered the ship alone. Luckily. 

The man kicked and thrashed with all of his might, creating all of the noise he could to draw the attention of the other Xeni outside the ship. Mantra drew himself straight and sent a kick right into the man’s face that knocked him out instantly. 

He heaved the man’s body, and called to the other three:

“Start the ship. We’re leaving.”

__________


As the large black ship’s engine growled, Ion felt his heart flutter: through the large window ahead, they could see the Xeni standing spread outside turn and freeze their attentions to their ship. The cloaked figures stood rigid on the spot for a second, before rushing in towards them, to stop these unknown intruders in their ship. 

“Err, guys,” The forced calm in Vestra’s voice trembled as she gazed out the window, at the Xeni who came surging towards them. “We should be leaving right about … now!”

Qyro stood behind the desk, operating the ship, while the other three stood behind, watching with widened eyes as the black cloaked figures came dashing in towards them. 

“Go, go!” Mantra hissed, placing a hand on Qyro’s shoulder. “Take the ship off! Now or never!”

Sweating, Qyro toggled through the holo screens rising over the desk with his hands flying. The pack of Xeni, wielding drawn and ignited sabers, had almost reached them… 

But Qyro hit a final key on the holo digitpad and with a dry shudder, the ship was airborne. They saw the ground drop through the window. The cloaked figures clustered around where the ship had been, their hands raised, their furious voices reaching them even up here. 

“Thanks for the lift, guys.” smirked Qyro. He hit a final button on the desk, and the ship twisted about and blasted into space, leaving endless black to fill the window.

Mantra turned to Ion and Vestra. “Go get the Xeni we’ve knocked out.”

__________


Rygar felt his heartrate zoom out of control as the true depth of the situation slowly reached him. After slowly hovering back out of consciousness, he had found himself lying by the wall of their ship’s control room, the ship the Xeni had driven to this planet. But as he processed what he was seeing, he realised that the people in this room weren’t Xeni…

He sat up straight, his eyes darting between the four people he saw before him. And then he remembered what had happened before he had been knocked out. 

Mantra slowly trotted forward, leaning down over him with fury and resolve blazing in his white eyes. The other three youngsters whose names he didn’t know stood behind their master. 

Rygar’s hand twitched, longing to reach for his sword slung around his back, when he realised that it wasn’t there anymore: the Nyon had disarmed him while he’d been unconscious. And they had taken their ship from them. Rygar was the only Xeni here. And then the true hopelessness of the situation crashed over him.

Mantra bent lower upon him and breathed, “Now, more for your own good than for ours … tell us everything.”

Rygar steadied himself with all the effort possible, as Mantra glared down upon him with a look of steel in his eyes. As the silence between them drew on, he collected everything, weighing his options. 

After Zardin had taken the conch from Mantra, he had informed Rygar of the plan with which they would ambush the watchmen, the same plan which Rygar knew was now in implementation … Dantox, the spy they were having with the Nyon for a long time now, would be in Vorgos, a planet somewhere in the outer spectrum. And there, he would use the conch to summon the watchmen … right into the ambush. The trap. A trap that would have them all killed … 

It would be happening right now. 

Anytime now, the watchmen would be summoned by Dantox to the planet Vorgos. And minutes into their arrival, they would all be dead. 

Faced with no other choice, Rygar lowered his resistance and submitted:

“The watchmen are being summoned into a trap … it’s happening in the planet Vorgos, in the far side of the outer spectrum.”

Silence struck the hull after his words. A grim, tense silence…

Mantra’s face remained just as unchanged as ever, but something in his posture had stiffened. The other three youngsters could be seen with visible looks of shock and alarm. 

“It’s happening right now.” Rygar said, shaking his head.

Rygar had not lied: this was the plan … But, he withheld that one crucial piece of information. 

The one crucial aspect that had given the Xeni their true edge over the Nyon all along. 

“It doesn’t make sense,” mumbled Mantra, standing straight and looking around at the other three youngsters, one of which was the red haired boy who’d been with Mantra earlier. “The conch can only be used by a Nyon … only an initiated member of the brotherhood can sound it.” He turned back to Rygar. “Is there something else you’d like to tell us, pal?”

Rygar had to summon every bit of his nerve to keep from flinching. “I’m swearing to you … that’s all I know. I’ve told you everything about the ambush.” Except the fact that Dantox is the one doing it. Rygar thought in the private confines of his own mind. Nyon master Dantox, or so you think …

Mantra’s eyes continued to remain distant for a quiet moment, as he tried to place it all together. 

“But how will they sound the conch?” he demanded finally. “It can only be used by a Nyon master.” 

Rygar held his hands before him, pulling up as innocent a look as he could muster. “It’s no good asking me. I’ve told you all I know.”

Mantra’s eyes narrowed slightly, as his thoughtful gaze intensified. 

Then, slowly turning to the other three, he said, “Set the ship to the planet Vorgos, to location he’s just mentioned … and hope that we aren’t too late to save them.”

As Mantra had his back turned, Rygar allowed the shadow of a smirk to rub his innocent look. Good luck with that … because about just anytime now, the watchmen will all be dead. 

__________


Vorgos, The Outer Spectrum

Nyon master Dantox mounted to the top of a large plateau in the middle of a deserted terrain. He held the Grael conch in his right hand, lowered for a few seconds while he scanned the barren land in front of him. The crimson coloured earth was unlevelled and rough, scoured of a drop of greenery. It ran across for miles before entering with the horizon, a massless line separating the hard red earth and the soft blue sky. 

Dantox’s mind flashed back to the time when they had discovered the conch from Ion, and when the watchmen bad been re enlivened. It had been a place very much like this one where it had happened. And now, they would be facing their end in the very same setting. It was rather fitting, thought Dantox. 

Dantox heaved a final deep breath, relishing the cool evening air as it lapped into his lungs. Then, he raised the conch to his lips and sounded it…

It felt like a thousand earthquakes smashing apart the silence as one …  the ground and the air seemed to tremble for a handful of seconds. The sound seemed to reverberate through the air, making the world itself rumble like a volcano. 

Dantox lowered the conch, but the echo of the majestic noise seemed to hum over the air for many seconds…

Anytime now…

Dantox fixed his eyes on the deserted stretch of land in front of the plateau he now stood on. The watchmen would have all gathered there anytime now. He knew that wherever they all were spread over the outer spectrum’s many distant planets, they would all come rushing back here to answer the conch’s call. He estimated a maximum of three minutes, before all of them gathered here… 

To meet their doom.

__________


They used the chains that had bound Ion and Mantra earlier on, to bind the Xeni up and leave him at the back of the control room. Qyro had set the ship on autopilot to Vorgos, and the four of them were now standing with their arms folded inside of the ship. They had no idea what was going on in Vorgos, but whatever it was, they would be reaching it in a few minutes to find out… 

“Can we reach there to stop the ambush before it happens?” Vestra asked Mantra, her voice strained with anxiety.
 
“Let’s hope we so.” said Mantra, sounding just as calm as always. But Ion knew that Mantra’s calm was a painful deception to the true depth of the grave situation they were now in. As the ship zipped through space, panic racked Ion’s nerves, leaving his stomach writhing.

The four of them stood facing the blank abyss of space seen through the window, and the only sounds seeping through the silence were the rhythmic hushes of their breath and the hum of the vessel’s engine. 

Qyro leaned over the control desk, reading one of the holo screens over it, and turned. 

“We’ll be there in less than a minute now.”

Mantra nodded, some of the tension draining as he exhaled. “Good. Because that’s all we-”

Before he finished his sentence, an almighty shudder shook the entire ship. The four of them inside were tossed to the side violently. Ion felt his body faintly rise to the air before slamming painfully onto the wall by the right. Stars popped up before him. 

He shook his head wildly, opening his eyes to look for the others. They were all lying on the floor, groaning in pain as he was. 

A holo screen rose over the control desk, blaring with red lights. 

Ion looked into the screen, and his blood froze like ice: the screen showed another ship tailgating them from behind, pelleting them with orbs of light. Apparently one of the shots had hit their ship. 

Mantra jumped to his feet, his face now stripped of the faintest shred of its usual calm. 

“The Xeni…” he breathed. 

The two words seemed to leave a ring of shock and horror in the air after them. The Xeni in Jacova, whose ship they had just stolen, had apparently acquired another one and were now coming after them … And this was happening now, of all the possible instances … Now, when they needed to reach Vorgos and save the watchmen from the ambush. 

This was the worst possible time for fate to throw one of its cruel twists…

Qyro bounced over and stopped before the screen. “We’ve taken heavy damage. They’ve clipped our -”

But before he finished, another almighty rumble wrenched the peace in the world, sending the four of them flying again. Another set of metallic thuds ensued as they all slammed into the walls and the floors, harder than the first time. 

Before Ion knew what was happening, he felt the ship’s speed plummet rapidly. And on the window in front, enlargening like a zoom-in, came a planet…

The ship was making a crash landing. 

__________


Zeliov, Outer spectrum

The night wind breezed over the desert sands of the planet. Leaving a weak howl to play in the air behind it. Above, starlight glinted over the black chasm that filled the nightsky. 

And then, zooming out from the black abyss, swelling rapidly in size, came an object … it would have appeared as any normal object, except for the fact that two of its wings were blazing, roasted in flames. The ship’s tail had been blown apart, and the rest of the vessel was soon to be devoured by the infernal blaze, or wrecked in the crash landing that it was now tearing down towards…

Its black metallic skin gleaming in the fires from its wings, the ship rocketed downwards at a deadly speed, so that the desert sand hundreds of metres below swum with the buffeting wind currents it left.

 The ship sailed over the air for almost three miles, dropping slowly through the sky … And then, as its bottom touched the ground level, the ship crashed onto the earth with the force of a bomb, the sands around it exploding at the impact. 

Then, through the fire enclosed door, four figures came flying out, as quick as the wind. 

Mantra and the other three landed on the cold ground of the soil. Ion was carrying the unconscious body of the chained Xeni. When the ship had begun to zoom into the planet, heading for a crash landing, they had strapped themselves into the seats with fastened seatbelts. That, and Mantra’s mystical shielding ability that dulled the impact of the crash, were responsible for the fact that they were still alive now. 

As the three initiates stood by the wreckage, Mantra sent a glance at the ship, with its flames now spreading to engulf it whole. He yanked the three of them and roared, “It’s gonna blow! RUN!”

Ion hoisted the man’s body higher and joined the four of them as they dashed off. When they were a mere fifty feet from the ship, a colossal blast blew the entire machine apart, sending its shattered, flaming smithereens everywhere. One of the charred scraps bonked Ion on the head, leaving a stinging pain. But he ignored it and ran on with the three others, holding the unconscious body over his shoulder. 

They slowed to a stop when they had put a hundred feet between them and the wrecked remains of the ship. Ion let the body slip from his hold and hit the ground. For a few seconds they all stood stooped, panting heavily. After shooting them down onto this planet, the Xeni’s ship had abandoned them and flown off. 

In a few seconds, as the full impact of what had happened hit Ion, he slowly turned to face the burning remains of the ship far ahead. We’re stranded… 

The other three were standing speechless by his side, with Mantra’s calm white eyes dancing with the blaze of the devastated ship far ahead. 

This can’t be happening. Ion thought, demolished. 

There was an ambush waiting for the watchmen at that very moment, and the four of them were the only ones who could have warned them of it. But now, they were stranded here, shipless and helpless. 

There was no way they could now reach the watchmen in time to warn them … And they would never reach them again. 


11




They were all here. 

The entire army. 

The watchmen stood spread in a large clutter that went on for a hundred or so metres in front of the plateau that Dantox was now on. The entire lot had trickled in batch by batch over the past three or so minutes. And now, they all stood before Dantox, giving him their unwavered attention. 

The watchmen had been in the midst of forging relations with non man beings and building alliances for their army, when Dantox had sounded the conch … And so, they had all been forced to abandon their attempts midway and rush to answer the call… The thought made sadistic delight well within Dantox: Now the Nyon were also stripped of any alliances they could have made otherwise. The trap was so beautiful: it ensured that there was nothing at all left for their enemies’ side. No watchmen, and no alliances either. Powerless. 

The Xeni’s victory was sealed. This was the day they had awaited for millennia now, and it was here. The moment was here at long last.

As the silence lengthened, the watchmen slowly diverted their gazes from Dantox, looking at each other and around them, waiting. Dantox took a precautious step back from the front of the plateau: whatever was waiting to come very soon now was meant to claim only the watchmen. And not him. 

Pushing back the savage glee, Dantox cleared his throat and called to the audience of nine hundred or so flaming warriors spread before him:

“Watchmen … I bear the heaviest regret in having to tell you of the demise of Mantra, and the three young students. As of now, all of you and myself are all that remains of the ancient legacy that was the Nyon.”

He gave a fake sigh. He knew that the speech he was now making was merely intended to keep the army engaged just long enough for the trap that was about to fall over them and slay them all. And that wasn’t long at all, now.

__________


Meanwhile, about a mile overhead that place, a large ship was perched frozen in the sky. But hanging outstretched beneath the ship was a nuclear canon, and it was aimed right at the large clearing where stood the nine hundred watchmen. The canon needed a brief span of seconds to steady itself and empower itself. The nuclear beam that would soon erupt from its tip would soar down to meet the stretch of land occupied by the watchmen … and blast them all to oblivion. 

The ship pumped energy into the nuclear canon which armed itself, preparing itself to release the deadly ray that would wipe out the watchmen. The energy fed into the canon slowly. And as the canon slowly absorbed the energy, it started the countdown to emitting the blast, aimed at the dead centre of that large clearing … In fifteen seconds, it would release the nuclear blast that would destroy the watchmen. 

Fourteen…

Thirteen…

Twelve…

__________


Down below, a heavy silence had taken over the clearing filled with the watchmen, as Dantox gave a brief pause to his speech.

The watchmen, though spirits of Elderon, were made with mortal shells that came with normal emotions. And the grief of what they had heard seemed to weigh down over the entire clearing. Stunning them all to silence…

They had entered the world to set everything right, but now, it almost seemed like nothing was right at all. If they were hearing correctly, and then it meant that there was only one remaining survivor of the Nyon, and he was standing before them. And together, they were all that now remained to protect this world from Redgarn and his evil empire…

All nine hundred soldiers were fighting at that moment to keep themselves contained, not let their resolves dissipate. They knew that it was never as bad as it seemed. And at least they, the watchmen, were there as the last armor for the world, right?

Up over the plateau, Dantox was beginning speak with a strangely slow pace, a deliberate slur to his words. He kept flicking his eyes above towards the puffy field of clouds hanging high over them all. And from time to time, something nasty seemed to glitter in his eyes as he spoke to them of this new development, and what they were now to do… 

And then, piercing through the present, reaching them like a ray of golden sun … it came. 

A message. 

A message sent through telekinetic means. This was something only the most revered and most powerful of mystical minds could have accomplished. And the same message reached all of the watchmen, lasting for the splinter of a moment:

Mantra’s face vividly shimmered before all of their faces within their minds. He slowly moved his lips to form three plain words:

“It’s a trap!”

And then, as soon as the elderly master’s message had come, it had gone. Melting back to leave the present to move back over their minds. 

As one, air gushed into the nine hundred warriors’ lungs as they gasped in utter shock, their eyes now spotting the deceit. It was standing in front of them, pretending to be their ally.

Dantox was the deceit…

And they were all now amidst an oncoming ambush … the message reverberated through all of their minds with the force of a tidal wave, and it wiped every other thought from their minds. 

The next second, the nine hundred watchmen had taken to their heels, and were scurrying from the giant clearing that they were standing in. Realising that the place they had been gathered around was some sort of a target zone, the entire army pelted away from the clearing as one. They fled the clearing and, sprinting with all of the mystical energy they had been given, escaped the region coming within the blast radius of the nuclear beam. And just as they did, a dazzling green coloured tunnel of light shot from the heavens and hit the ground where they had been a few seconds back. And a giant golden semi sphere arose as the region within the blast radius went up in a fuming blaze…

A giant crater had formed on the ground where they had been standing. The plateau that Dantox was standing on was spared.

The watchmen were beginning to feel the relief swell within for one great second. Realising what they had just evaded. 

And then, as if in response, they heard it…

A rumble splitting the skies above. And through the parting clouds overhead, a large cruiser slowly floated downwards. 

This was the cruiser the Xeni had stolen … the cruiser carrying a battalion of armed forces. 

As the entire army watched, helpless, all exit flaps of the giant vessel popped open … and a stream of battle ships came pouring out from all over the vessel. Like a never ending tirade, the warships gushed out of the vessel and swooped in right towards where they all stood. They were all armed, their canons ready to rage upon the watchmen on the ground below.

The watchmen drew their sabers as one, and braced themselves. Watching the rain of battle ships descend upon them… 

And as the wave of Xeni’s ships surged halfway onto the earth, their canons and missile launchers began to blaze. Orbs of light and missiles were unleashed with a hysteric rage, showering the ground where the helpless watchmen stood … But the brave warriors raised their weapons and fought back, ducking, jumping, and shielding themselves from their enemies’ merciless onslaught.

__________


“How much longer?”

Mantra’s tone was pressed with urgency, and his eyes were narrowed in a look of absolute, grave focus.

Qyro leaned forward and checked a reading on the holo screen. He rounded to the three of them, who stood behind him waiting in paramount anxiety.

“We’re there.”

The ship’s engine was louder than most. It left a mean rumble to gruel over the silence, so that the air around the four of them seemed sharper with the sounds of an oncoming disaster…

After crash landing on that planet, they had immediately scurried to the nearest village. Pushed to extreme desperacy, they had stolen one of the ships and were now flying it to where the ambush was supposed to take place … or was taking place.

True to Qyro’s words, they felt the ship’s space speed drop dangerously. And then, they could see the large planet grow across the black stretch of space through the window outside. 

The same terrible question could be felt thundering over the silence…

Were they too late … ?

Whatever the watchmen were about to face or were presently facing, could they reach in time to help them with it?

Within a few seconds, they were soaring down over the planet’s deserted terrain, and there, they saw their answer…

Ion felt his insides go hollow. 

The other three stood as speechlessly stunned as he was. 

“No…” whispered Vestra. 

Strewn over the ground in shattered remains were a battalion of ships, all of them in smoking debris. But lying between them were corpses.

Unmistakable corpses … of the watchmen.

All of them were dead. 


12




For the first time since he had known him, Mantra seemed to have lost control. He dropped to his knees on the ground, his heavy white eyes scanning the scene before them. It was littered with the remains of the cruel battle which had killed the watchmen. Their bodies were lying all over the ground, charred and smoking. Blending into the clutter of debris that filled the ground all over the place. Unlike how they had been when alive, their bodies were no longer emitting a fiery glow: they were now scoured of the life that formed their core, and had gone dull. 

Vestra swept her head around to gaze at Ion and Qyro, who stood behind the master, their voices stumped in the same shock. Her eyes brimmed with tears, but she didn’t cry. Instead, she stooped down over Mantra, and wrapped her arm over him.

“It’s all right, master.” she consoled. 

“It always is,” whispered Mantra, shaking his head. “What happens is always what’s right. What we require is the strength for accepting so … whatever be the cost.”

He turned and let his white eyes flow on towards the horizon, checking to see if there were survivors among the army. But they clearly knew that it was impossible. The Xeni had sent an entire battalion for this. For this last victory. And by the look of it, the watchmen had put up a fight. A brave one. They had destroyed as much of the ships as possible. But it wasn’t enough. The force the Xeni’s had arrived here with had clearly swallowed them whole.

Everything Ion knew now dissolved into a blur of hopelessness. 

For it was now all over.

Qyro dug his hands into his pocket, walking forward in a gentle trot. He angrily kicked one of the scraps bits off the way as he strolled on. 

Mantra stood with Vestra’s gentle arm still around him. Ion followed Qyro, trotting upto one of the large, charred blocks of ship debris to take a seat on it. Qyro leaned by the side of the large debris block, his red fur seeming to have wilted.

“How could this happen?” he said quietly. “The worst possible time.”

Ion gave a mild nod, watching the horizon far across the land. The thin line that allowed the red land and the blue sky to meld as one. 

“It’s over, then.” Ion could feel the hollow tone in his own voice. “The Xeni would release the demon army anytime now. And the entire spectrum is theirs for the taking … Nothing at all to stand in their way.”

He had felt worst before only twice in his life. 

The day he had been dragged away from home by the Naxim. 

And … the day he had killed Eol.

Those were the two instances in his entire life when the world itself had ended … or rather he had wished it had. And the crushing heaviness that had settled over the present, over the four of them now, was close to what he had felt those two days.  

In front of them, Mantra and Vestra were slowly walking up towards them. Mantra gazed at the ground below, appearing to be deep in thought. Finally, as the two of them arrived before where Ion and Qyro stood, he raised his eyes to meet them. 

“There clearly was something very unexpected that occurred in between all of this.” he said grimly. “That had steered control away from us.”

“What do you mean?” Vestra asked him. 

Mantra’s thought worn expression went deeper, and his eyes floated to the distance behind where Ion and Qyro stood. 

“The conch had been sounded to summon them here.” he said finally. “That much is clear. But what isn’t at all clear is how? For only a Nyon master could have done it.”

“If that’s so, then how could the Xeni have used the conch to summon the watchmen?” asked Ion. 

For a silent second, the three of them looked around at each other, feeling the air thicken with mystery. 

Then, Mantra’s thoughtful look wore off, his eyes regaining focus as they returned to where they were now standing. 

“How, you ask?” he said softly, and his eyebrows tilted in a frown. “I think I may have a guess … nothing more.”


13




The taste of victory had never been so sweet. 

Dantox and the other Xeni now stood in a building in the same planet, making the final communication to their masters - the communication of their victory. 

“Good.” replied Zardin, staring out of the holographic screen that hung in mid air before Dantox. “Very good. The watchmen have been taken care of, and now we will proceed.”

The rest of the Xeni stood behind him in this large hall, peering into the screen before them. 

After having the watchmen destroyed, Dantox and a few other Xeni had made their way here, to a city far away on the same planet. They were now inside one of the city’s buildings, where they needed to procure something before they began the spell. 

“When will the spell begin?” asked Dantox. “The spell to release the demon army?”

“As soon as the day enters the regime of Mezmeron.” Zardin smiled. “The blackest time of the night will be the most fruitful time to begin the spell.”

Dantox felt a spike of thrill. 

“We will reach there within a few minutes.” He told Zardin. 

“You know what you need to bring with you.” said Zardin. 

“I do.” Dantox nodded. “And that’s why we’re here.” He spread his arms, gesturing around where they now stood. 

“Good. Don’t return without it.” Zardin gave a final nod, and the screen disappeared.  

The Xeni behind him turned and strode about the hall, examining the furniture and the things they saw around it. Some of them strolled down the corridor by his right to even further explore the place. 

Meanwhile, Dantox looked at the group of people tied together in a close huddle at the end of the hall, their squeals of terror muffled by their gags.

The family consisted of five. Five innocent people. The ceremony of releasing the demon army was to be grand and enjoyable. They needed sacrifices for it and these five fitted perfectly. 

Dantox knew that they would have done far better to have the two Nyon they had captured earlier on, but Mantra and Ion had wriggled out of their grip, and were probably dead by now. And so, this family would suffice. It was not actually necessary, but Zardin thought it would appease the demons when they were released, to give them something fresh to prey on. And that was where the family of five tied up before them came in. 

Dantox slowly walked over and bent before the sweet, innocent bunch. The father was the frontmost of the group, his eyes bearing a mixture of terror and rage. The mother lay pressed from behind him, her screams dulled by the gag stuffed in her mouth. The three kids were tied close on either side. 

Dantox shook his head simperingly as he gazed at the cute little kids. One of them, a boy, was no older than three. The other two were girls of about nine, both of their faces tear streaked and crumpled in terror. 

They were the people who lived here in this house. Or rather, they had been. They wouldn’t live here any longer. As a matter of fact, they would live for long at all…

“Oh, don’t you cry,” he said, stroking one of the girls by the chin, so that she shook her head violently, trying to ward off his hand. “It’s gonna be over soon … all of it.”

He straightened up and turned to face one of the Xeni behind him. An Iveling. 

“You know what?” he said, looking thoughtfully at the Iveling. “Five may be a heavy load to carry. Why don’t we … trim the herd a bit?”

“I think so too.” The Iveling ignited his sword and walked forward, a manic hunger in his eyes. “Let’s show one of them the mercy of a painless exit?”

The muffled screams grew high pitched. 

Dantox clicked his tongue, looking at him admonishingly. “Dear man, we know that nothing is painless.”

The Iveling laughed cruelly. 

The glow of brutal glee brightened within Dantox as he turned back to the family. 

“Stuff the chump down the toilet.” he told the Iveling, beckoning to the three year old kid. 

The screams sharpened like a talon as the five of them struggled against their bonds. The Iveling walked forward and plucked the three year old boy off the huddle, while the boy thrashed wildly. He turned and walked down the corridor, by the side of which was the puny toilet of this house. 

It would be a memorable death for the boy - being stuffed down a toilet bowl. Dantox forced back a mirthless chuckle. 

Carrying the screaming, thrashing infant, the Iveling left the hall, vanishing into the corridor. Silence blared in the hall as he disappeared, punctuated by the muffled, helpless squeals of the four other family members. 

And then, there was the distinct sound of the toilet being flushed … and then a sharp breaking noise, as though the toilet had been broken at the force of the three year old thrust into it. 

The muffled screams of the four surviving members stopped abruptly, and a chill now rode over the air. 

Dantox smiled. Well, that’s one less brat in this world.

The cold tingle of joy rising inside him, Dantox walked out of the room, down the corridor and pushed the toilet door open. 

Mantra stood there with the boy safely held in one arm, the Xeni lying dead over a smashed toilet. He had apparently climbed in through the window sitting by the right. 

Before Dantox had finished one blink of his eyelids, Mantra had tossed himself over him, the toddler held safely in one arm. Dantox hardly registered the air being blown off his lungs as he slammed onto the wall behind him. 

“Judgement day’s here.” Mantra snarled. 

As he raised his ignited sword with one arm, the other holding the infant safely, Dantox flew to his feet and hurtled down the corridor, arriving at the room at the very end.

As he ran into the room, he came to an abrupt, jolting halt:

Ion, Qyro and Vestra stood in the room. The dead or unconscious bodies of the Xeni littered the floor, steaming where the Nyon’s swords had sliced them.The windows behind them were wide open: apparently the three of them had snuck in without leaving any sound. 

His insides clenched, Dantox whipped around to see Mantra standing right behind him.

“Nowhere to run.” said Mantra, cracking his knuckles. 


Pain burst along his spine as he slammed onto the wall at the back of the room and slid down it. The four Nyon stood before him, all of their eyes blazing brighter than the swords in their hands.

“You’ve made some mistakes, old friend.” said Mantra, bending down before him. “And we’re now here to rectify them.” 

“It wasn’t me!” squealed Dantox, shaking his head wildly. “Oh, please! You have to understand. They intimidated me!”

“Oh, shut it.” said Mantra, raising a hand, and Dantox felt as though his voice had been forced back down his throat. 

“What did you do to the family?” Mantra asked with a half glance at Ion, his white eyes clinging to Dantox the whole time. 

“I set them free.” said Ion. “They’re gone now.”

Mantra brought his attention back to Dantox, his gaze now erased of the calm serenity it always held … Now, there was an inferno churning within his hazy white eyes. 

“I’m telling you, I-!”

Mantra raised his hand, and Dantox’s voice extinguished once more. 

“Here’s your chance to live,” he said, bending closer over Dantox. “Tell us everything.” 

“What do you want?” squealed Dantox. 

“Where is your lair?” asked Vestra. “Tell us where the Xeni are hiding … where is the spell going to happen?”

Dantox fought back the panic and steadied himself.

“Our lair is in the planet Synistros, the second level of the outer spectrum.”

“How far would it be from here?” asked Mantra. “How long will the space jump from here to Synistros take?”

Dantox gave a second’s thought. “Not more than a few minutes. Synistros’s in the outer spectrum too, and it isn’t too far from this one. We couldn’t waste time, so we had the ambush planned in a planet not too far away.”

“Good,” said Ion, with a quick glance at the other three. “Cause you’ll be taking us there, to your lair.”

Dantox blinked, his look fazing slightly in confusion. “Taking you there?” he asked weakly. “To our lair? For what?”

“Do we have to drill everything into that thick head of yours?” snapped Qyro, his arms folded. “So that we stop the Xeni from performing that spell before they start!”

“First,” said Mantra, stepping a little closer. “Let’s find out how much more time we have. When are the Xeni beginning the spell?”

Dantox stared at them without answering for a second. 

“When the regime of Mezmeron begins.” he then said softly. “The darkest hour of the night.”

“Good,” said Ion, nodding. “Now, listen closely. You’re getting us to your lair, and we are going to put an end to this madness by stopping their cursed spell before it begins.”

“You can’t.” Dantox carried his gaze through all four of them, and gave a pained smile. “Because the darkest hour, in the planet the Xeni’s reside in … is now. The spell has already begun.”

__________


A billion miles away, in a dark place where the air carried the scent of acid, Zardin gazed with his hollow eyes at the beginning … their beginning. 

The tablet, Valicros, stood at the centre of the giant cave, with Redgarn sitting on the floor behind it. His eyes were closed, and his hands drawing circles above the tablet, placed over which was the crystal. As he wove imaginary designs over the mystical tablet, a silent hum seemed to fill the cave’s insides. 

The rest of the Xeni stood lurking in the shadows of the cave, their dark forms robed by the darkness. But Zardin knew that every drop of attention within the cave was pooled on the man sitting behind the tablet, at the centre. Watching hungrily. Waiting for the new age…

Zardin flicked a file of his long black hair falling upon his face, feeling his lips part in a humorless grin. 

In a few minutes from now … the world would be changed. 

Forever.


14




Dantox’s words seemed to echo inside of the room for a few hours after he had finished saying them. 

Qyro and Vestra’s postures had gone rigid.

Mantra gazed at Dantox with an unnatural stillness, not the most feeble twitch crossing his expression. “It’s already started?” he repeated softly. 

Dantox gave a trembling nod.

Ion looked sideways at Qyro and Vestra, and saw the shock in their faces slowly fade, leaving utter hopelessness take over. 

Mantra continued to pin Dantox in his unnaturally still gaze, nothing betrayed in his wizened features. His calm demeanour hadn’t faltered, but Ion had the strange impression that there was some very heated thinking occurring beneath that unfazed expression.

He slowly turned and trotted over to the other end of the room, leaving the other three staring after him.

Then, arriving at the door, he gestured for them to follow him. Without a sideways glance wasted, the three of them headed after Mantra, stopping at the door to the room. 

Mantra looked about the three of them, pausing to gaze serenely into each one’s face for a quiet, clear moment. A clear moment where his hazy white eyes seemed to study them with a depth like never before. 

“I will be ready to lead you to this final crusade.” he said silently. “If we decide so, then we will brave this one last battle. Whatever be the cost. I guarantee you I will stand by it. But this is a decision that I shall not make. This is a decision that you must now make.”

The three of them exchanged a quick glance, before turning back to him.

“As of now,” continued Mantra. “there will be a grand force awaiting the release of the demon army, in the Xeni’s lair. The spell has already started. It will end anytime now. The first of our worries is reaching the planet in time, before the spell is concluded. And our second worry is facing the Xeni’s force, to stop the spell from completion. The first part may be accomplished, though the chances are slim. The second part … is one that is beyond chance. For the four of us against an entire order of them.” 

He paused to let the words’ effect settle in them. “I won’t lie to you about this. But our situation could not have gotten any bleaker that it is now. And whatever feeble hope we stood of stopping them died with the watchmen. Now, if we decide to continue, to move on in this path regardless of what may come … then we should proceed with a true vision of the reality. And so, let me have you known that if we now go on … we would be fighting all odds. Because right now, literally all odds have been thrust against us.”

As his voice stopped, the silence falling after it seemed to compress upon all of them. Ion, Vestra and Qyro all stood with the same unblinking faces, their eyes fastened over Mantra. 

Ion was speechless, stumped. 

He hadn’t dreamt that it would end this way … his quest to redeem himself for his evils … it was over. He had achieved nothing. Only the dark taint of his life as a criminal would survive after him. And that was what he would hit the grave as…

He remembered this entire journey crawl past his head … a flow of images crossed his head, starting with when he had met Mantra and the masters in Sacrogon, to now. He blurrily recalled everything, as the images sped past his head… 

But one of the images paused before him, swelling and engulfing his mind…

Jedius… 

For a moment, as the three of them stood there, feeling the weight of the situation press upon them, something arose within Ion…

Something powerful. 

“All odds have been thrust against us.” he repeated, facing the three of them. “But isn’t that the very reason we’re here?” He felt a smile flash on his face. “To fight all odds, and to do what must be done?” 

He brought his gaze from one of them to the other, looking at them all intently. 

“The brotherhood of Nyon endured for eight millennia.” he continued. “We’re all that remains of the age of Elderon, and we ploughed on to the very end. To stand guard to the world. Our journey wasn’t easy … and it couldn’t have been harder. But we did it: we fought our fight for eight thousand years, and we’re still here. The four of us were spared for a reason. And I think that reason is this. The moment is here for our brotherhood to make its stand … for Elderon to make his stand. Through us.”

They were quietly listening, but Mantra gazed at Ion with something twinkling in his clear white eyes. 

“Even if we’re all that’s left in the way of the Xeni,” Ion felt his voice go sturdy with resolve. “We need to show them that we are. That we will do what we must whatever the cost may be. And that no matter how far they push us, and how helpless we may be … we aren’t gonna step aside and let them take control. Even if the price is getting slaughtered by them for it.” He gave a sharp nod. “I’m in.”

Mantra continued to hold him in a serene gaze, before his lip curved at the corner.

Ion turned at the other two. 

“I was always with you, master.” Vestra said, turning back to Mantra. “Right from the start, when I found you and came to you years back. And I still am.”

“If the empire’s swallowing the world anyway,” Qyro gave a complacent shrug. “We’ve really got nothing to lose. Let’s take some of the Xeni with us where we’re heading at least.”

Mantra looked about the three of them steadily, something kindling in his eight thousand year old pair of eyes. 

“Very well, then.” he said softly, making no attempt to hide his smile. “I see now that our brotherhood is not long dead after all. Its spirit still lives. It resides within you, our only three apprentices. My apprentices.” 

He turned to face the inside of the room, at the far end of which lay Dantox. “Very well, Dantox. We’ve found you a reason to live. You’re going to lead us to the Xeni’s lair.”


15




The darkness which had enveloped the cave earlier was gone. The air seemed to simmer with a blood red glow that spread across the walls and ceiling. And red lights streaked the inside of the cave in ribbons. 

A sensation of quiet rumbling came over the entire cave, and seemed to slowly stretch over the entire world. The roar of an ancient evil bound and caged for eight millennia, and now … waiting to be released once more. 

Redgarn’s incantation’s boomed over the entire cave as he waved his hands over the tablet on which the crystal lay. 

The red lights swirling within the cave grew rapid. And the flare of red soaking the inside of the cave grew brighter … almost blinding.

Zardin stood lurking at the corner of the expanse in which Redgarn and the tablet lay, and a quiet smile creased his face. The spell was almost finished. In less than a minute or so, it would be done. 


16




Through the window at the front of the ship, they could see starlight glinting. Dantox was tied up and placed at the corner of the ship, the stray ship they had acquired to reach that planet in. It was now peeling through space towards Synistros, the Xeni’s lair. 

Mantra was standing amidst the three of them. His quiet gaze lay pinned to the window ahead, and it hadn’t shifted a whisker since. Ion and the other three stood around him, casting occasional anxious glances at each other. The tenseness in the air was unbearable.

The low growl of the ship’s engine was the only sound heard. Every ticking second of silence was louder than the last. 

Ion glanced sideways, and saw Vestra biting her lower lips as she did usually when anxious, her hands cradled. Qyro twiddled with his fingers absently with his hands behind his back. His tousled bronze hair seemed to have wilted, no longer as messy as it always stood. 

Ion felt panic claw at him. What next? What if they failed to stop the spell before it ended? And even if they managed to reach the lair before the spell ended, would they be able to fight through the entire Xeni army…?

As the ship exited the space jump, its speed dropping suddenly, the destination planet rose over the screen ahead, a large brown orb. The ship was soaring right in, so that the planet swelled over the window, engulfing it. 

And then, suddenly, Mantra’s voice cut the stiff rumble of the ship:

“It’s almost time. The spell is almost finished.”

__________


The spinning of red lights grew intense, so that even the Xeni lurking behind the walls outside the expanse felt their eyes burn with the light. All of them shielded their eyes with their hands, slowly backing off into the darker depths of the place. Melting away from where the ghastly spell was occurring. Redgarn’s incantations were now booming across the entire cave. He flung his hands around above the tablet in a lunatic fashion, his tangled white hair flying. 

Zardin watched with hunger, as the streaking wild lights completely filled the inside of the cave. The glow of crimson devouring all in it. The large clearing was now fully empty, with only Redgarn and the tablet resting right amidst it. But as the spinning of the fiery red lights reached a climatic speed, Redgarn, the tablet, and the entire clearing drained from sight … and only the senseless storm of violent, swishing red occupied the entire cave. All that was left to be seen in it. 

And then … there was now a distinct, uncontained roar that was heard over Redgarn’s chanting. 

It seemed to shred the very air itself … booming across the realm. 

Zardin felt as though the lights were setting his entire being aflame, as he stood there, watching the dawn of a new era. 

__________


The air slashed at Ion from ahead as the four of them tore down the land. In a senseless race towards the mountain ahead. Dantox had pointed them to the Xeni lair, which they noted was a cave. They had landed the ship as close to the cave’s entrance as the roughened lands of the planet permitted. Now, they were ripping across the hundred or so metres remaining from the cave in a breathless dash. 

Almost there…

Far ahead of them, through the entrance of the cave, they could see a horrific, blood red glow devouring the inside of the cave. Pouring out of the entrance that they were pelting towards…

“They’re done!” shouted Mantra, as the four of them swept down the land. “That’s proof that the spell’s over!”

Ion heard the words vaguely, as if reaching him from another dimension. But the moment he heard them, they set off a fiery rush through his veins. The four of them were now literally flying down the distance remaining: their motions would be an edgeless haze to anyone who saw them streak past…

Ion’s eyes almost streamed as he split the air in his mindless speed, the three others seen as an unclear blur that raced along with him. For now, everything else had faded from their sight, save for the cave’s entrance up ahead. And they were dashing into the cave… 

And there, sitting in the middle of the clearing, with the red lights spinning around him, was Redgarn, with the tablet in front. 

Mantra waited not the splinter of a second … his sword was out and blazing, and he was in a mid air launch towards the man in the centre. 

Redgarn slowly raised his eyes, following Mantra’s form as it soared over the air towards him. In the flash of a moment, the two of them had collided and Redgarn was tossed back, sent rolling over the ground. Without even bothering to stop and steady himself, Mantra ran his sword right through Valicros, stabbing it from the centre, and the plague crystal lying in the middle of it. 

The red lights vanished the very next instant, and darkness descended back upon the cave.

And as Mantra’s sword lay buried in the tablet, a piercing silence fell over the entire cave. That one moment seemed to grind across a few hours as all attention in the room, every pair of eyes, settled over the Nyon at the centre, with his sword clutching the destroyed tablet. 

Ion and the other two stood rooted a few metres before Mantra and the tablet, their eyes locked with what they were witnessing before them: the final, undisputable proof that it was all over. Despite everything, it was over. The spell had been stopped, even though at the very nick of time. 

They had won.

Ion realised he had been holding in his breath, and exhaled slowly… 

And then a sudden gush of light found the cave, dispelling the darkness to utter clarity. A greenish, unnatural light.

And as the three of them slowly turned, Ion saw the source of the light. 

Standing spread over the cave’s inside, all of them as still as stone, were smoky, hazy figures … An entire army of them. 

And Ion saw that the lands outside of the cave, seen through the entrance behind, were also spread with a seemingly endless number of the creatures…

The sight made something glacial scoop Ion’s insides out. Because he knew what they were.  

Demons…

The deathly silence was lifted as Redgarn’s laughter rumbled within the cave. The Xeni leader slowly straightened himself from where he lay, laughing.

“Poor Nyon,” he called, his beady red eyes on where Mantra stood a few feet ahead, and then moving over Ion and the other two. “You came here all the way to save the world … Only to die in complete vain: you’re too late. The spell’s finished.”

As he said it, the entire army of demons shrieked with laughter. Cold, ice like laughter that reminded Ion of frost. The shrill, skin crawling noise seemed to suck out all warmth from the world. 

“And now,” said Redgarn, his voice booming over the demons’ laughter. “we have the finest possible sacrifices to conclude the ceremony with. Get them, boys.”


17




Before Ion could comprehend what had happened, cloaked figures came jumping in towards the three of them from everywhere. A pile of bodies slammed over him, pushing him to the ground.

He saw Mantra standing before them, surrounded by the cloaked men with their blades drawn. Heaving a deep breath to re gather the calm upon his face, Mantra slowly raised his hands. In surrender. 

Meanwhile, Ion struggled with all the might he could muster, thrashing on the ground with the Xeni all over him. Beside him, he could hear muffled groans from Qyro and Vestra as they too, wrestled helplessly against their captors. 

Then, a familiar face slowly strolled up before them, holding a Sparkler. Zardin smiled as he slowly lifted the Sparkler, aimed straight on Ion’s face, and fired… 

A flash of brightest blue. And then the crippling, ice cold sensation shot through his entire body, turning every nerve in it rigid as stone. His form crumpled and went still on the ground, with the freeze shot effecting in an instant. 

Zardin turned the gun to the other two struggling beside Ion and sent two more jets of blue that found their targets, so that Vestra and Qyro both stiffened in the midst of their thrashing. The Xeni trying to pin the three of them down rose and circled where they lay on the ground, paralysed. 

And soaring over the air, right over the circle of Xeni, came a fourth frozen body. Mantra gave a rough groan as his body slammed to ion’s left, before lying as still as the other three. 

Zardin spread his hands, and the last faint chuckles and mutterings among the Xeni died in an instant, leaving a clear silence to fill the entire cave and the grounds outside. Spread over which stood the entire demon army. 

Redgarn walked forward from where he’d been standing. He turned over where he stood, his gaze scanning the entire army of smoky, evil creatures clustered inside of the cave and outside. 

“Demons,” he called, his voice loud and echoing within the cave. “All of you, servants of Mezmeron. We, the Order of Xeni, have waited eight millennia to give you this, as I myself have awaited it … your grand return to this world. And now, at long last, it’s here. And this could not be a warmer, and a more delightful welcome. As of now, this world is under the grasp of anarchy deeper than ever before. We’ve made it the perfect place for you. For your welcome. This is your time. Your time to strike, and relish the task of ripping the world apart … as it was meant to be.” His lips parted in a diabolical grin. “Get out there and have some fun.”

As Ion watched with gnawing horror, the entire army of smoke figures suddenly uncoiled into vapours and shot off, through the opening in the cave. The ones who had been standing outside of the cave joined the procession, melting into a puddle of vapour that took off from the ground and streaked into the skies of the planet.

As the entire army vanished, Zardin trotted back in front of where the four of them lay, and his mirthless smile grew longer. “As for you guys, we give you many thanks for providing us the entertainment of this grand, ceremonious night.” He looked around the circle of Xeni and beamed. “Give them all our love, boys.”

The circle closer in on the four of them. Ion could feel the paralysed bodies of Mantra, Vestra and Qyro heaved up by the men. Together, the batch of Xeni dragged the three of them across the cave, leaving Ion behind for some reason. His insides screaming, Ion watched as the group of cloaked wretches dragged the limp bodies of the three others across and disappeared into another, dark corner of the cave … where they would undoubtedly give them a slow, possibly excruciating death. 

Feeling his muscles sting with fire as he did, he craned his neck back. And saw Zardin standing before him. 

“As for you,” he said, his sneer stretching longer. “you’ve been … reserved.”

And as he said it, Ion felt something move behind him. He tried to move his head to see, but it wasn’t needed: Frost slowly strolled up before Ion, the smoke emitting from his blurred form lingering in the air around. He stopped beside Zardin, his eyes fastened onto Ion … a raving, cold hunger within them. The hint of a leer awoke on his face, which was blurred amidst the mist escaping his form. 

Ion felt his insides go frigid… 

The very sight of that creature seemed to have plunged his mind back into a tunnel of horror and pain… 

This can’t be…

It was going to happen again. 

The horror. The pain. The agony. 

It was all going to happen again. And this time, Ion knew there was no escape. Death was here, in its most horrific form.

“Well, enjoy him while he lasts.” said Zardin, patting the demon’s blurry figure on the back, before turning and stalking off. 

Frost’s face burned with the same inhumane sense of glee as it had the last time when he had torturing Ion’s soul. He slowly walked forward, his form leaking misty vapours into the air around, and bent down over a helpless, crippled Ion. 

A soulless smile wove across his lips. “Missed me, boy?”

He raised both hands… 

And once more, Ion’s world plunged into darkness and devastation. 


18




Goj, Cluster 13

The village of Arodra was slowly settling into the rythme of the night. The small, stout huts emitted a faint orange glow from their windows, light from the lamps lit within them. Stalls and other amenities closed down, and their owners could be seen walking back to their houses through the dimly lit streets. The sounds of chatter within the huts were heard louder through the silence filling the village streets…

And cutting across the silence, a sharp whoosh occurred … and a thread of pale blue smoke shot down from the stars, landing at the dead centre of the village. And out of the blur of the fumes, the demon slowly formed shape. 

The creature threw its head back and uttered a shrill, piercing sound, that awoke the attention of the entire village, carrying for miles around. It was a shrill, unworldly sound. A sound of evil and chaos like nothing ever heard before, and its effect caused an eruption of pain and turmoil within every living creature that heard it. Caused their eardrums to throb unpleasantly. 

As the demon’s cry rang on, the villagers scurried out of their homes, all of them blocking their ears with their faces contorted in agony. 

The demon slowly ceased in the air racking, unpleasant noise, letting the air dissolve back into silence… 

And then, breaking the very brief second of silence, came the combined shudder of a hundred or so thuds, as every villager collapsed to the ground right where they stood, all of them unconscious.

__________


Arganor, Cluster 34

The buildings lining both sides of the street were of concrete build and mediocre height. Overhead, the night’s black sky was tinged with a fair shade of maroon, an atmospheric effect that rendered this planet’s skies more beautiful than most others. 

But the beauty was to be shattered painfully: a tail of pale smoke shot out from the stars, landing in a cloud of fumes right in the centre of the city. The demon’s figure slowly revolved out of the swirl of smoke. All around the streets, a sudden, grinding silence had fallen as the faint trickles of pedestrians came to a stall. All of them turned to gape at this sudden, bizarre manifestation that had found their planet. An ancient evil that had been long forgotten in the memory of the world. An evil now re awakened.

The demon slowly raised his right hand, gesturing to the line of buildings by his right … almost as though telling them to rise. 

And the very next instant, there was the sound of crushing, concrete breaking … And the entire line of buildings flanking the right side of the street was wrenched off the ground. Flabbergasted, the entire street watched in bounding horror as the concrete structures rose twenty metres into the air, where they hung completely undisturbed. 

The demon now turned to the line of buildings by his left, and raised his left hand just as serenely. 

Concrete blasting apart filled the night again, as the line of structures on the left broke from the ground and hovered over to the same height as the ones by the right. 

And with the entire city watching in mindless alarm, the demon clapped both hands together. 

And all of the buildings hanging over the air exploded, shattering to a million scrap pieces that showered over the city below. 

Screams of terror erupted from the citizens watching below. They all darted off from where they stood, arms flailed, screeching in the senseless terror of whatever had just happened. And panic and chaos descended over the entire place like a bird of prey. 

Amidst the raging mayhem, the demon raised his hands again, and the two lines of buildings coming beyond this one followed suit, tearing off the ground and rising to the air… 

__________


Haigro, Cluster 12

The city’s towers were built with a grandeur and magnificence. They rose several hundred metres into the sky, ascending towards the heavens. A steady stream of ships and vehicles glided in between them. 

But amidst the polished elegance of the great city, nobody managed to notice the sudden stream of pale smoke surging down from the night sky and landing right over one of the shorter towers. And slowly, the demon formed out of the pale smoky mists. Waiting for a second more to relish what followed, the demon raised both hands onto the air, clapping them together. 

The very next second, a sickening, metallic crunch rose over the bustle of the city: ten of the giant towers surrounding the one where the demon stood had been torn off in their mid section by a powerful, invisible force. The towers swayed slightly, before all of them toppled sideways, crashing onto another line of buildings as they fell, and bringing them down along with them. The stream of vehicles was hampered all across the region as hover cars, bikes and ships crashed into the falling towers, and explosions shook the air in many spots as they did.

The demon howled with delight, his voice striking across the entire city. Then, he raised both hands and clapped them again.

And another ten structures broke apart and fell…

__________


Together, Mantra, Vestra and Qyro were thrown into a large, pit like depression in the cave. Their frozen bodies slammed to the ground hard, rolled over and then stopped on the cold surface of the earth, motionless. The large pit was almost as large as a crater in a moon, spread with large black openings over its walls, and some even on the floor around them

The Xeni who had thrown them into the pit stood at the top, watching them with their jeering faces ablaze with excitement. 

Vestra and Qyro sprawled a few feet to Mantra’s right, both of them motionless on the ground. Panic simmered in both their eyes as they lay there, unable to move … barely able to think with the effect of the freeze shot. 

Mantra tried controlling himself, pulling his mind back into focus, but it was of little use: the freeze shot’s effect also stretched to paralyse his thoughts, so that they were cluttered and useless… 

The Xeni lingered over the top of the crater for a few minutes, before slowly turning and walking off. 

Mantra could feel his breath heaving, even the mildest movement of his chest leaving a searing pain through his muscles over it. 

The crater they were now lying amidst was just as dark as the rest of the cave. The large holes spread over the walls were almost indiscernible. One of the large hole like openings lay on the ground about a few metres to Mantra’s left. 

For many seconds, as Mantra worked his mind furiously through the freeze shot’s effect, he wondered what was going on. What were the Xeni trying to do with them? He was under the impression that they would now celebrate their victory by torturing and killing them, the last members of their long hated enemies. Then why were the three of them now lying here? A part of his concerns flowed off course, towards Ion. But he knew that there was no hope for the boy this time … he would die. Alone, and as painful as possible.

 And the three of them would as well…

Right then, his attention snapped to his left, where the sound came from … The distinct, sharp sound. Mantra felt his calm waver slightly, for this was a sound he could place…

And slowly, climbing out of the large hole on the ground by his right, came the creature. It had the giant body of a spider, with the torso of a human stretching in place of the head. 

Rigmrr stopped as his giant eight footed body reached the top of the opening, and perched himself by the right of the hole. Excitement swept through him as he carried his eyes over the three motionless, wide eyed bodies lying feet away from him…

And all around him, exiting the holes across the large crater, more Ensys slowly scuttled forward, all their gleaming red eyes locked over the three prey bodies they were left. Rigmrr cracked his knuckles, a gleaming smile forming on his lips.

A few feet away, Mantra locked eyes with the creature with the gleaming red eyes standing metres away from him. He turned his head sideways to see Vestra and Qyro gaping wide eyed at this new horror, both their faces drained of blood. 

But even in this ghastly situation, with the ring of doom playing over the atmosphere, Mantra re gathered his inner calm. And, gaining utter control over himself, he did the only thing there was now left to do…

He braced himself. 

__________

A thousand corpses were climbing over the large mountain at the peak of which stood Ion, trembling. Corpses of the people he had killed. The lives he had shattered in a previous life. 

They all slowly climbed up the hill, all of their eyes locked over him, hateful, scornful, and accusing. 


“Please,” he gasped, his head lifting from the ground back in reality. “Enough…”

The fumes surrounded him from all over again, drenching his surroundings. And at the front of where he lay on the ground stood the demon, his outline fazed in the swirling fumes. He slowly strolled forward and bent before where Ion lay on the ground, shivering. Broken. 

“Enough?” the demon hissed, his voice carrying the same, icy tingle. “But the fun’s just begun!”

And he held out his hands, and the world around Ion dissolved once again, letting agony and mayhem take over.

__________


Valgon, Cluster 65

The entire village lay blanketed in the peace of the night. The straw huts glowed with the orange fire of the lanterns lit within them. And the faint murmurs of chatter from the various houses all over were the only sounds heard through the silence. 

And then, a tendril of pale smoke shot down from the heavens, landing right amidst the cluster of straw huts that made the village. The demon formed out of the murky fumes and, his eyes blazing coldly, he threw one hand towards the hut by his right. A ball of fire erupted from his smoky fingertips. As it hit the hut, the entire structure exploded with flames. 

The demon shot another ball of fire into the hut next to it, and then one on his left. His pale face filled with relish, the demon flung his hands about wildly, shooting orbs of orange all across the place, and blasting every hut in the vicinity.

Screams rent the night as the villagers in the burning huts tore out of it with their arms flailed, some of them heaving their children with them as they ran. 

The demon stood on the spot, laughing maniacally, and continued to rain the place with his cruel orbs of fire.

And in no time, the entire village was ablaze, in the grip of panic like no other, with the villagers pelting about madly with screams tearing their lungs.

__________


Aores, Cluster 29

The city’s large concrete buildings rose to a few storeys, with streams of air vehicles flowing about over the air above. 

Then, shooting down from the black sky above, came a strange smoke like entity. It landed right in the middle of the street. As the demon took shape, he allowed his gaze to travel over the place around him for a few seconds, while the entire street around him gaped at him, wondering what in the world this strange new abomination was.

Then, the demon clapped his hands in front of him. And as he did, his form suddenly vaporised. And in place of where he stood, a slight whirl of wind remained, leaving a pale coloured mist leaking. The whirl of wind swelled in size, seeming to magnify and grow. The people all over stumbled back and ran, coming to the realisation that this was something beyond the borders of the natural world they knew.

And the whirl of wind expanded in size within a few seconds, swelling into a giant, raging tornado… 

A tornado of boundless, infinite strength. 

And as it spun over the place, the city’s buildings nearby tore off the ground and came soaring into it. The stream of air vehicles went distorted, all of the ships and hover cars suddenly breaking their flow of motion, swerving and flying right into the tornado. Which swallowed all in its path. 

The demon’s tornado grew even larger, so that the city’s structures for miles around were all ripped off the earth and sucked into it with the force of an opened air vent in a ship. 

And as the tornado swirled on, moving over the entire city, destroying everything dead or alive that came in its wake, the demon’s high pitched, shrill laughter rang over the raging mayhem. It was an evil, terrifying sound … the sound of the newly awakened Mezmeron himself. And it boomed over the entire city, magnified a thousand fold by the devastation wreaked all over it.

__________


“Shall … we … begin?” rasped Rigmrr, his smile widening.

The rest of the Ensys, about seven of them altogether, slowly came out of the shadows of the crater’s entrances, moving forward very slowly. Their faces were all mirrors of the same, savage joy as they closed in upon the three helpless man beings lying on the ground amidst them, limp and unable to move.

One of the three man beings was an old one, his face emotionless as he witnessed the onset of his doom slowly approach from right in front of him. His gaze was steady, almost unusually calm, as if he had embraced what lay ahead of him. His white eyes were watching Rigmrr closely as he took a step forward, and another. 

The other two were young ones, their forms lying rigid on the ground. Their eyes were wide, and they looked half dead with panic.

Rigmrr savoured the sight, feeling the glow of delight brighten within him. 

He licked his lips and clicked his pincers. Then, looking around at the seven others of his kind, Rigmrr called:

“Dinner’s … served. Get them!”

And as one, the entire batch of large spider like creatures bounded forward towards the centre, where lay the three helpless man beings…

__________


Everything around Ion had gone cold, dry…

He was lying in the middle of a blank, black expanse, devoid of light …warmth. 

And over him, playing like a long lost voice that had returned to haunt him fresh, came the laughter. The laughter of the man with the glowing red eyes. It rose over the entire blank realm. The creature’s face slowly came to life before Ion, hovering over him, looming like the call of fate ready to land anytime now. 

“I’ve returned for you, Ion…”

And as the voice shrieked again in a cold, high pitched laughter, Ion covered his head with his arms pressing his ears, feeling his face contort. 

“Make it stop.”

But everything replayed within him as the maniac’s laughter sounded, his tone bearing the darkest events of his life etched over it: and as he laughed, Ion could hear the screams emanate along with him, from his cold laugh. The screams of the dying people. All those innocent, dying people … killed by his hand. And among them, came a familiar voice, which Ion knew he would never ever forget.

“You’re not my brother…”

“No…” he moaned. 

“You’re a monster…”

Ion heard himself release a wail of agony that seemed to drown out the maniac’s laughter. And then, as the pain split his soul from the inside, unbearable, he felt himself drift … 

Drift into oblivion… 

It was all over.

Mantra, Vestra and Qyro were surely dead by now.

And as for him, he knew that even if he lived on through this, it would be only to endure it all over again. Agony, and turmoil… 

Because it would never leave him, and Ion was certain of it.

The guilt of his past, and the regret … it would never leave him, and he would have to live through all the suffering again as he had for two years now. 

All was lost … the entire spectrum itself had bowed to defeat now, to the greatest defeat ever. 

Why shouldn’t he?…

As the acceptance slowly drew over him, it wrapped him in its folds like a cozy blanket. 

And as he accepted defeat, as he embraced the inevitable, he felt himself fade… 

Everything ceased. Warmth. Light. Joy. The ringing laughter of the killer, the person he had been two years earlier, was the last thing he remembered, before the world he knew came to a complete, cruel stop.

And blackness swallowed it all. 


19




The King stared for a long time without speaking. 

The impact of what he had just been told had robbed his voice for a few seconds. Around his office, the rest of the ministers were all staring pale faced at the screen over his desk. 

The King took a step forward towards the screen, looking out of which was the commander of their armed forces.  

“Did I hear right?” The King felt his voice leave him as a whisper. “Two thirds of our entire army have been destroyed?” As he said it, the air around them seemed to come to a stall for a moment. The rest of the ministers were looking positively alarmed at whatever was happening. 

The commander nodded grimly. “Whatever this strange entity is, it’s nothing we’ve ever faced before. It seemed to be deadlier than anything we could have imagined … And all nine of our Kingdom’s planets have fallen prey to it.”

“What in the world is happening?” the King said under his breath, feeling his cold sweat gather behind his neck. “We’ve lost two thirds of our armed forces to a strange enemy we aren’t even able to know?!”

“Do we have any idea what this threat is, commander?” spoke one of the ministers, a plea of desperacy in his voice. “What information are we gathering from it?”

The commander seemed to need a moment to steady himself. 

“Whatever it is,” he finally said. “We aren’t alone. Every planet … every republic and state in the spectrum is facing chaos and hysteria like no other. And whatever this strange force is that is waging attacks upon us,” He gave a shake of his head. “It’s nothing like ever before. And it’s swept across the entire spectrum … Our entire realm is now facing something we can’t ward off.”

The King needed a second to digest all of this. “And nobody is able to fend them off?”

The commander shook his head. “All states in the spectrum have come under the grip of chaos like nothing before … mass mayhem and panic far worse than we’d imagined possible.”

The King looked around the room. The rest of the ministers were standing as still as ice, their horrified gazes latched to the screen before them.

“Whatever it is,” the commander’s voice dropped very mildly. “the only thing we can pick up about it … is bad. Very bad.” 

“What do you mean?” asked one of the ministers. 

The commander heaved a deep breath. “The strange entity is made … of a mystical energy field. An incredibly strong mystical energy field. More powerful than anything the Naxim’s radars have ever picked up.” He shook his head. “But we’re sure it’s not a mystic. It can’t be. It’s something far, far more deadly. Something nuclear in its scale of power. And it consumed almost all of our armed forces in the span of a few minutes.” 

“It’s Redgarn and the Xeni.” the King whispered, the dark revelation rising within them. “This is their making … whatever madness this is that they’ve set loose on the world.”

“But whatever it is, how in the world do we fight it?” shrieked one of the ministers, looking between the King and the commander in the screen. 

The commander’s voice seemed to falter, and he needed a second to pull himself together before answering. 

“There’s no way we can fight this. Whatever it is, it crushed almost all of our army. We don’t stand a chance … none of the spectrum’s planets do. Around the entire spectrum, every republic and Kingdom has fallen. Chaos has overrun them all.”

The ministers gaped at the commander for a lingering few moments. The very space in the room seemed to have shrunken in these last few seconds… 

Finally, as the dreaded effect passed, the ministers slowly turned to face the King. All of their faces mirrored the same helplessness and confusion. 

“What are your orders, sire?” one of the ministers asked. 

“What are we supposed to do?”

The King had his eyes on the floor ahead of him for a long, quiet second. His insides writhing…

And then, taking in a deep breath, he looked up at the rest of the room. 

“There’s nothing we can do.” He gave a weak shake of his head. “It’s over.” 

The rest of the ministers’ faces remained just as unchanged, as they listened to the final and undisputable declaration of their doom. 

“We should have known this was coming the very moment we learned of the Xeni’s return.” the King said, walking over to a seat at the back of the room and sinking to it. “And now, God help us all. Armageddon is here.”


20




The world had gone dull. All thoughts, sounds, sensations. Everything had faded, leaving an emptiness like no other. There was nothing but bleak darkness, and it engulfed Ion. 

But then something moved. 

Very mildly. 

A motion so faint in a world that had stopped.

Through the silence, the voice came as a meek sliver of sound. And yet Ion heard it. It was a voice he knew. 

“I know I may not make much of a difference here, right now … but I’ll make myself heard anyway. For I now come to remind you,” The voice paused, and suddenly, something welled within Ion. “of a world.  A world you once knew before. A world I taught you to see.”

Suddenly, there was light… 

And through the endless darkness, Jedius’s clear green eyes were the first thing falling in Ion’s vision, as he stood in the same forest the two of them had spent two years in. His distant voice now growing into an echo, gathering might, he went on:

“I come to remind you of a world where there is warmth … where is light. I come to remind you of a world where man’s heart can brave even the mightiest of storms. A world where you are never alone, where a companion and a guide lingers within you eve. A power beyond the might of our universe. An ancient force ever awaiting your command. Ever within you.”

Jedius held an arm out, the fire in his voice brightening. 

“I come to remind you of the world you knew when you were here with me … when we were one, you and I.  A world of fearlessness. Of strength and courage. So hear me out, for I now remind you that behind the veil of even the darkest of nights … awaits the rising sun.  And I now remind you of a world that unites the two of us, Ion … For we are one. And we always will be.” He shook his head, his smile radiating. “You and I have not been so apart as you think … and we  shall never be apart again. My voice shall always remain in you, and remind you.  And my soul shall always stay with you, as the courage that carries you forward. The courage that guides you across the gravest of storms, the courage that shall show you the true beauty of life … and the courage that now tells you to get up and fight!”

Back in reality, Ion’s trembling hand slowly reached for the sword lying a few feet from him. He felt his fingers tap the hilt … and very slowly, mustering all his strength, his fingers clasped around it.
 
We are one…

The sword lit with a crisp, dazzling flash that seemed to linger in the dark cave’s insides. The numb, chilling feeling melted from his bones.

Feet ahead, the smoky form of the demon slowly turned around, sensing movement. His jaw dropped as he saw Ion stagger up to his feet, his breath heaving. Ion caught himself before he fell, fighting to keep himself steady as he held the sword up before him. 

“Impossible…” 

Frost’s icy blue eyes stared at him for a second that the two of them could feel expanding into a few hours…

And then, with a battle shriek tearing from his throat, the demon charged at him… 

As frost lunged at him with both hands outstretched, Ion sent a slash of his blazing sword. The demon dodged the sword and then raised his hands towards Ion, his icy eyes piercing … The same wave of chill crashed over Ion. But there was something inside of Ion that resisted the torture this time. Something he always had within, but only came to realise now. 

Frost’s face slowly contorted, as he drove all his energy into the attack …

Ion kept his mind steeled. Driving out all fear, and summoning all the focus he could muster. The icy feeling was unable to grip him this time…

“You can’t resist me, boy.” Frost sneered, holding his hands outstretched at Ion. “None can resist me. I am the bane of all creation … I am the very seat of all anarchy, the very reason behind the existence of fear … Submit!”

The icy feeling gushed with a new force, attempting to penetrate Ion’s mental defense. But Ion ground his teeth, feeling all the might of his mind solidify in a wall that resisted the demon’s onslaught. He felt his face contort with focus…

“You cannot resist, boy.” Frost’s cold blue eyes glinted, and the icy wave began to breach Ion’s mind’s defenses slowly. “There is nothing in this world that can match my might. Let me prove it now.”

His sneer grew longer … Ion’s defense slowly crumbled once more. He could feel chaos slowly seeping into his soul once more… 

“No,” he breathed, gathering himself again. But it was falling apart. The demon’s wrath was breaking into his mind again … He couldn’t resist it. 

“There is nothing in existence that can outmatch me, for I am the seed of all terror. And now, terror shall rule you once more.”

Ion felt himself stagger, the darkness slowly overcoming his mind again. He continued to resist with all his might, feeling his fingernails dig into his flesh. 

“Welcome to a world where only fear thrives.” the demon hissed, his face filling with relish again as Ion’s mental defenses broke apart. “A world where nothing can triumph over the power of frost.”

His teeth still gritted, Ion breathed, “Something can.”

He rose his hands before the demon. It happened without him knowing how or why. As though through the help of some unseen force. A sudden surge of power rushed through his being … And as the demon watched, a burst of crimson flames flowed out from both of Ion’s hands. Enclosing the demon…

As Ion’s blaze splashed over Frost’s misty form, the demon’s eyes widened for the tiniest notch of a second. And then, as the molten flames engulfed him completely, a high pitched shriek of agony sounded within the cave … lingering for many unpleasant seconds.

And then, as the flames died down, what was left of the demon lay in a puddle of pale, smoky vapours. Ion stood there, panting heavily. He watched the remains of the demon disintegrate into the colourless, murky vapour and disappear. Leaving him and the world free again. 


21




Mantra’s jaws clenched as he struggled to keep focus. the three of them were lying motionless on the ground in the middle of the crater with seven Ensys, but surrounding them in a semi sphere was a transparent, bubble like layer - a shield which he had conjured mustering all the strength he could in his frozen state. The freeze shot’s effect wasn’t wearing, and the stiff sensation continued to clog his thoughts. But Mantra’s composure helped him gain a measure of control back over himself, and through it, his mystical powers. He had gathered all of the will lying within him to weave the shield around the three of them to protect them from the Ensys. 

The seven creatures were snarling as they moved around the bubble like wrapping. Rigmrr headed forward and smashed his entire form against the encasing, and Mantra’s blood ran cold: the energy required to maintain the shield, faint as it was in his frozen state, was ebbing. A few more shots like those from the Ensys, and the shield would break … Mantra knew it wasn’t going to be long. 

Beside him, Qyro and Vestra were lying just as still as they had been all along. Their eyes were widened, spinning around all over the place to watch the creatures surrounding them. 

“Hold on, guys.” Mantra mumbled. The movement of his jaw left the muscles around it burning mildly, with the freeze shot’s effect still holding over them. 

“We’re done for,” Qyro whimpered. 

Mantra’s teeth ground harder as another of the beasts ran forward and threw itself over the shield. The impact took a heavy bash on Mantra’s mind, which held the shield, so that he almost lost control of it. He ground his teeth harder, refusing to let his will slacken. But the energy required for the shield, which he already was pulling up only with the heaviest effort, was falling swiftly … and every bash from the creatures took a hefty toll on the energy maintaining it. 

One of the Ensys bounded forward and leapt over the shield with all his might. As it crashed over the bubble like wrapping with a lethal force, Mantra felt the a hammering impact to his mind. He had to summon all of the courage in him to keep the shield still. He felt like a marathonist pushed far beyond his boundaries … and now teetering towards collapsing. 

I’m not lasting long…

He locked eyes with the foremost of the Ensys, who had just attacked, now slowly backing off. And readying for a second assault … and possibly the final one required.  

And then, there was a sudden swish of black, mingled with a streak of flaring orange. Something seemed to have crossed the air before the Ensys in a lightspeed leap. And as the unknown flying object passed, there was a wide orange slash stretching across the torso of the creature. A slash of glowing orange colour. The creature’s expression went slightly fazed for a mean moment, before it topped to the ground in two pieces. 

Feet from it, Ion had landed with a dry thud, with the sword held raised in his right hand, glowing in bright orange.

Vestra gasped. “He’s alive!”

Even through the choking gloom of their predicament, as Mantra’s eyes found the boy standing a few feet away from them, he felt a swelling pride, coupled with relief. 

But their relief was short lived: with the arrival of this new, free target, the seven Ensys turned as one, re focussing their attentions. The first one, closest to Ion, swung his hand across the air, his pincers making a slash towards the boy. But Ion had swung his sword thrice as fast as the creature’s  arm, so that by the time the pincers had flown over him, the Ensys’ torso was severed in two, the mark where the sword had cut glowing. 

As a second of their brethren collapsed, the remaining five of them howled in rage, diving towards Ion with a renewed burst of fury. Ion jumped back, just missing one of the giant spider bodies as it flew across the air before him and crashed to the ground. Then, he swung his hands forward and two of the beasts right in front were blasted backwards, sent flying at the force of the smash he had released. The last two of them came dashing from behind, their hands already halfway reached for him. But Ion’s next move seemed to have climbed to a new level of speed: he jumped over, his ignited sword flying, and dodged the pincered grasp of the two creatures. Then, in two orange flashes of his blade, he had brought the two of them down. 

Mantra severed the energy flow to keep up the shield. As the bubble like wrapping around the faded, Ion sprinted over towards where they lay, his sword doused. He bent down over Mantra, touching the back of his neck with his forefinger. 

“I’m sending an electric surge through you to free you from the freeze effect.” he told Mantra. “It was a trick my master taught me. Let’s hope I get it right.”

And from where his forefinger was pressed, a gush of warm current shot across Mantra’s body, and the stiff numbness holding his body melted in an instant. 

“Yes, I think you got it right.” said Mantra, springing upright and turning to where the other two lay. He bent down over them and performed the same trick, which released a jolt of electricity into the frozen person’s body, freeing him. 

Qyro nodded at Ion as he rose. “About time.”

Vestra’s gaze darted all over Ion, as if wondering how he was real. “What about the demon?”

“He’s dead.”

“That’s wonderful.” Mantra said, hearing the hurried tone in his own voice. “But we still are in the middle of the lair of the Xeni, and we should try leaving before it’s too late.”

And right as he said it, a sudden, heavy thud hit the ground behind them, as though that of a pair of feet landing there.  

As one, the four of them whipped around.

Redgarn stood across the crater, clutching an ignited sword in his right hand. 

“For the meanest moment,” sneered Redgarn, slowly walking forward with deliberate, slow steps. “You may have deceived yourself into thinking that you were getting to get out of here alive.”

He threw his head back and laughed, before spitting, “Well, you aren’t.”

Vestra and Qyro drew their swords and ignited them. The four of them stood there in the wide crater, with Redgarn slowing to them from the other side, his face contorted in focus and rage. Ready to pounce … He stopped ten feet in front of the four of them, his face hungry with malice as it surveyed the four of them slowly. 

Mantra drew his sword last, his white eyes locked with the gleaming red ones of their approaching opponent. He held his sword up by his right hand, and a dazzling orange flash emitted from the blade as he ignited it. 

Redgarn’s eyes flickered to the blade held in Mantra’s hand, before slowly scanning the line of four Nyon. The last four of his long hated enemies. Something seemed to churn within those deadly red eyes, an ocean of rage.

And then, fast as a furious red blur, he moved … pouncing forward like a lion spotting a deer. 

Even as Ion made to move, desperate, Mantra reacted. He held up his hand in a commanding gesture. And a large solid wall suddenly sprouted from the earth, rising before him. A heavy crash sounded as Redgarn collided over the wall, followed by the sound of his feet stumbling. Cracks could be discerned etching across the wall at the force of his clash. But with a sudden shudder, the wall was ripped off the ground and sent rising into the air. Redgarn stood behind the wall with his hand outstretched, his features blazing with a fury brighter than that of the blade held in his left hand. The wall floated right over his form, and he gave a sideways flick of his outstretched arm. The wall spun to the right, swerved over and came flying forward towards the four Nyon…

A explosion of pain rent Ion’s comprehension for an agonizing moment, before he realised that the groundless, untethered sensation came due to the fact that he was airborne, flying back as though hit by a crane. He could feel a trickle of blood from the front of his face as he soared over the air and out of the crater. Then, he crashed over the solid earth, having flown more than ten metres or so. A group of heavy, crunching thuds emanating from a few feet around told him that Mantra, Vestra and Qyro had also been blasted backwards by the wall Redgarn had sent soaring at them. 

Ion pushed away the heavy spinning sensation and steadied himself. He slowly levelled his gaze with the other three lying around him to see if they were all right. But his attention instantly snapped towards something else. 

Standing around where the four of them lay were a pack of Xeni spread in a neat circle. There were about fifteen or so of them standing spread around where the three of them lay, all of their hoods drawn … waiting to close in and finish the last of their long hated enemies. The other three caught sight of it as well and as one, the four of them leaped upright, their swords igniting again.
 
A furious roar caught their attention from somewhere further off. They turned their heads to the crater to see a sweep of red mingled with black shoot out of it, soar over the air, and land in the ground before it. Redgarn righted himself slowly, his murderous gaze pinned over where the four Nyon stood amidst the giant batch of Xeni. He ignited his sword, and slowly held it out before him, pointing at where they stood. 

“Finish them.” he snarled. 

The circle of Xeni pounced in on where the four of them were standing. There was a whirl of black robes, and dazzling orange light. Before Ion knew what had happened, a heavy body had collided with him from in front. One of the Xeni had leaped towards him, ramming his fist so hard into his chest that he felt the breath driven from his lungs. He was thrown into the air, sailing gracefully out of the clutter of black robed figures. As he flew backwards at the force of the Xeni’s punch, he saw Redgarn bound forward into the pack of Xeni engulfing Mantra, Vestra and Qyro from all around.

A major portion of his hopes for the three of them had died by the time he hit the ground hard, more than ten feet from where the Xeni were battering the three helpless Nyon. The force of his crash landing left pain to rack open his bones. Far ahead of where he lay, he could see Redgarn’s red eyes glowing viciously as he and the other Xeni battered down Mantra, Vestra and Qyro mercilessly. 

As a rage of resolve erupted within him, he swept away all concern he had for himself: forcing away all of the pain, he sprang back to his feet with a stale groan. But just as he made to dash towards them, something caught his left leg from behind, tripping him. He felt both feet lift off the ground as he stumbled forward and hit the ground. Bursting back to his feet, he spun back. 

And there stood Zardin, his right leg which had just tripped Ion, casually outstretched. His cold, eyeless sockets gazed out at Ion from between curtains of dark hair that fell on both sides of his pale face. 

“Why don’t you cast your worries towards something far bigger.” he said, his razor like teeth exposing as he smiled. “Me.”

Without warning, he gripped the front of Ion’s robes, heaved his body off the ground and hurled it across…

Ion felt himself split the air as his body soared backwards helplessly, like a pebble tossed across a field. The scene before him seemed to shrink rapidly to his eyes as he flew back. There was a heavy thud, and an explosion of pain ripped apart his back: his body had hit the wall of the cave at its far end, and had smashed right through it. Rubble exploded around him as he flew forth into a new, darker chamber of the cave. He soared on for a few feet, before hitting the earth along with the broken remains of the wall he had crashed through.

Feeling paralysed, his mind fumbling through the daze, he lay crumpled on the ground, unable to move … Pain rent him whole, as he feebly twitched on the ground. 

And then, sharp as a knife cleaving through butter, the sound reached him…

A slow, striding pair of footsteps approaching him. 

Fighting down the pain tearing his neck muscles as he craned his head, he looked to the hole he had smashed on the wall … And a figure slowly emerged from outside of it, bending to let himself enter the hole and stride up before him. The darkness in the place was erased as the orange glow of Zardin’s sword reached across it. 

The leer unerased from his horrible face, he slowly strutted up to where Ion lay. Helpless, unable to move, Ion watched the demonic, eyeless man bore down upon him with those horrid, black sockets he had for eyes. 

“Get up, vermin.” he commanded, in the sharp hiss he had for a voice. “We have unfinished business, you and I.”

Ion felt his features contort with the pain that came with the effort to form words.

“What … what do you … want with me?”

Zardin continued to stare down upon him, the dreadful leer unfazed. Then, a soft laugh hummed within his throat. He took a final step forward and bent down on where Ion lay. Ion’s insides seemed to cringe as he watched those blank, eyeless sockets come within the distance of an inch from his own eyes. 

“What do I want with you, Ion?” Zardin asked, so soft it could have passed for a breeze lapping the air. “Let me show you.”

He gently touched a spot on Ion’s forehead. 

And then, light seemed to shoot through Ion … freezing time itself for the ghastly span of that one moment. That one moment where Zardin’s thoughts reached across to his, and a vision passed from his mind to Ion’s …

And as that one moment, that one dreadful gap of time, passed … Ion was no longer on the ground. Everything, all of his bodily complaints, had been wiped clean: he had bolted upright, staggering back, eyes widened as he stared at the man before him …

This can’t be. He thought, feeling a void of shock and horror erase everything he knew. This can’t be…

Zardin shook his head, the leer slowly morphing into a warm, sweet smile. “Now you know … what I want with you.”

Ion did. He knew… 

The pale faced, eyeless creature standing before him, was not at all what he seemed to be. What Ion had thought him to be … He had been something entirely different … He had had a completely normal life. With a completely normal name. A name which Ion had known all his life.

“Eol?”


22




This can’t be… 

Ion was staggering back, feeling an unnatural stillness grip the entire world, and him along with it. Time had gone still, and nothing at all was left to move within the space of that one, thundering moment. 

Zardin continued to stand in front of him, the smile loosely hinged over his lips, finding relish in Ion’s horror.

Ion reached for something to steady himself, but in the darkness, nothing found his hand as he held it out. The very realm as he had known it seemed to have been tossed over. 

“Now you know.” Zardin said, his voice filling the space between them as a mere, shrill hiss. “Now you know why I say … we are the same.”

“No.” Ion moaned, shaking his head as he gaped at the creature before him. “This can’t be…”

“It is.” hissed Zardin, spreading his hands in a loving gesture. “What a beautiful re union we’ve found for ourselves, beloved twin brother?”

Ion’s mind was reeling at what had just happened, and a century seemed to have elapsed since a second ago, when he had been shown the truth. 

“You’re not my brother,” he shook his head. “You’re not Eol … You’re a monster.” 

Zardin’s smile slowly stretched longer. “I said the very same thing two years back. Remember? The very same thing.” He threw his head back and let a maniacal ring of laughter fill the place. “And maybe we were right after all, more about ourselves than about each other.”

He slowly took a step forward, his pale features looming to better clarity out of the darkness. “After you left me there, in that desert, I didn’t leave. My consciousness was tethered to the world. I didn’t leave, I couldn’t leave. Because I now saw the truth. The truth in our world, which you showed me that day.” His voice lowered. “That there is no light in life.” 

The shadow of old grief crossed his face. “My entire life had been a struggle, Ion. you never could imagine it.”

“What do you mean?” Ion wasn’t surprised to hear his voice doused to a bleak whisper. He hardly sounded like himself. 

“I had been a mystic, and I knew it right from our childhood together.” said Zardin. “I had discovered my powers. But I kept it secret. I discovered it even before you had discovered yours. And all through, it was pain beyond all else. Because I knew that my being a mystic was going to put my entire family in danger. And so, I kept it completely secret from all of you. I endured it to protect you and our parents. But it wasn’t to be. That day, the Naxim arrived in our village not for you … but for me. They had detected my powers, and had arrived in the village. You were just a bonus. It was me, Ion … I was responsible for the tragic fate that had befallen our parents and our family. The fact that I was a mystic, led to it. And that knowledge, dear brother … was what gave me hell. It wasn’t the torture they put me through. That was infinitesimal. The real torture was knowing that I was the reason my lay shattered. I couldn’t live with the guilt, knowing that because of me, the three of you were made to suffer more than you deserved.” 

He took another step forward. “But I had to redeem myself for it. And so, I broke out. There had been a graveyard close to ours and from it, I had found another wrecked, demolished body to replace mine’s, so that the officers thought I had died through self inflicted wounds. And they did, and didn’t bother returning the body to our village. After freeing myself, I became a crime fighter to redeem the loss our family had endured. Because Marion and Selia had believed that the two of us were destined for greatness, hadn’t they? And they had to be proved right.” His razor sharp teeth clenched in fury. “But you shattered everything. When I saw that poster, with your face in it, I knew what I had to do. I had to kill you. Because you were an insult to what our parents were trying to make of us.”

Ion was hearing all of it, but it seemed to trickle right through his grasp like water. It couldn’t be … because if it was, then there was nothing right in the world anymore. Eol, the noble hearted boy he had known for a brother … turning into this creature now standing before him. 

“You destroyed our parents’ beliefs,” went on Zardin, a fury within every syllable. “And for that, I needed to punish you. I had to. But you got there first, didn’t you? You best me. And as I lay there, Ion, dying in your arms, I saw it. I saw the truth … the truth which you showed me that day. That the only true goodness in the world … is pain. Because all of my noble deeds brought me nothing but pain, Ion. And at the end of it all, I saw it. I saw that pain was the only constant, the only truth in this world, and to truly live our parents’ beliefs, I had to make this world brim with it. And so, my consciousness lay tethered to the world, desperate to avenge myself. And that was when Redgarn found me. He trained me, and used his dark powers to re heal my body. I had lost my eyes by then, but he had given me a far more deadly vision. And then, the two of us, together, fulfilled long awaited destiny … Tonight, the world will see goodness. The greatest possible goodness. And it is pain.”

“No,” Ion whispered, shaking his head. “Eol … how could you?”

“Our parents were right after all, Ion.” said Zardin, with a new excited spark kindling in his voice as he slowly stepped forward towards Ion. “Marion and Selia were right after all! We were destined for greatness. Both of us … we have changed the world! Just standing on opposite sides, that’s all.”

Ion didn’t know what to say. He hardly knew what was real anymore… 

“Eol … goodness, Eol, what have I done to you?”

“You set me free, brother.” Zardin said, spreading his hands. “You showed me the truth.” His voice now rose to his usual cold tone. “Now … it’s time to finish what we started two years back.”

And he held up his sword.

Ion eyed the sword he held for a moment that seemed to span an eternity. Then, raising his eyes, he met those cold, blank sockets. “Eol, don’t do this … please, come back. We’re family.”

“You tried to kill me two years back, brother,” said Zardin, his sword unlowering. “Now, it’s time to finish the job.”

“Don’t do this.” Ion moaned, feeling suffocation squeeze his breath out of him. “We can set everything right.”

“Everything already has been set right.” And with that, Zardin lunged again. 

Hating every bit of him as he did it, Ion ignited his sword and leapt back. Their swords met with a loud cling. They stood there, the burning orange eyes locked with the blank, eyeless sockets… 

__________


Meanwhile, back in the main portion of the cave, a battle drilled between Mantra, Vestra and Qyro, and a large pack of ten or so Xeni. A horribly tilted battle … and its outcome wouldn’t be hard to predict at all, to any layman. 

Mantra was assailed mercilessly by a bunch of five Xeni, with Redgarn in their lead. 

Vestra seemed to flick from spot to spot, her speed driven to uncanny heights as she struggled not to fall to the swords of a bunch of the cloaked men surrounding her. 

Qyro’s red furred face was contorted in focus as he swung about madly, his sword blocking and parrying four others’, all of them as swift as the wind…

It was very unlikely that either of the three would be able to last long. And they themselves were well aware of it. 


23




As Zardin launched himself over his twin brother a third time, their swords banged in a blast of sparks. In that splinter of a moment, Ion’s mind drew back to the last duel the two of them had shared. And his heartrate soared in panic. But he felt a sickened sensation many times more powerful than the panic, and it came from the realisation that that had been his brother, Eol, who had crossed swords with him at the temple. His brother…

Zardin stepped to the side and, in the span of an instant, sent three deadly slashes across the air, which Ion parried with only a mini second’s grace each. 

Without waiting, Zardin leapt forward, his sword thrust forward in a wild jab. Ion’s sword swiped across the air, and a burst of orange sparks occurred where their swords met.

“Now you know why I tried to get you to join us.” said Zardin, his razor sharp teeth exposed in a grim smile. “But you refused, didn’t you. I knew you would, I just wanted hard proof of it, before I could kill you with all the pleasure I knew. And now, kill you, I will.” And with a shriek of fury, he pounced again.

__________


Feeling eight thousand years’ worth of fury rush up his veins, Redgarn lunged at Mantra, sending a slash across his side. The Nyon master parried his blow with a lazy swipe of his own blade, leaving a shower of sparks around them. Then, twisting about at the speed of light, he sent his sword in a wide strike across the air by his left. And two of the Xeni by his left fell back with large glowing slashes etched over their black robes. Redgarn felt fury grind his mind with a new resolve. 

“No! now YOU DIE!” He lunged and sent a speedy jab at Mantra, who leaped to the side, at the same time spinning over to block the three other Xeni’s slashes swiftly. 

Redgarn made a sharp lunge at his nemesis, and before Mantra knew it, he had been tossed five metres into the air. His head gently brushed the roof of their cave, before sinking in an elegant arc, and crashing onto the ground. The force of the airborne soar left him rolling over the cave’s ground, before coming to a stall right before the tablet Valicros, which was still steaming and issuing dry sparks into the air … But despite the heavy fall, Mantra jumped right back to his feet the very next second in front of the tablet, his sword held ready. His white eyes seemed to radiate a power and fervour as they scanned Redgarn and the three other Xeni. 

He turned his head to steal a quick glance around him, no doubt to collect the details of how his other three disciples were faring. Two of them, a girl and a bronze haired Redling boy, were in the grip of duels that fared worse than his own. They were both being pushed further and further back, swallowed by an entire pack of his men … They were all done for.

And the revelation could be clearly seen shadowing Mantra’s expression. The lines around his jaw went stiffer as he gritted his teeth, staring dead ahead where Redgarn and the other three stood, waiting to attack. 

“It’s too late, Mantra.” sneered Redgarn, and the other three by his side made jeering grunts. “Too late to fight. Everything that you’ve striven to protect for so long is now in complete ashes. Tonight, my demon army would have scoured the entire spectrum, and taken complete control. Everything you and your pathetic brotherhood have scraped a living for across eight millennia, has been for nothing.” He spread his hands, feeling his lips pull back in a leer. “Tonight, the evil empire has returned, and the world shall remain bound under its feet forever now. Tonight, we end what we started, and I’ll show you how wrong you were, to have challenged me in that room that day. Eight thousand years ago.”

The four of them stood before the last of the Nyon masters, feeling the thrilling anticipation build within slowly, waiting to set them loose again. Mantra held a completely unwavered, composed gaze with Redgarn, his white eyes strangely far off. He seemed to be thinking, lost in reminiscence…

And then, to the surprise of all four of the Xeni in front of him, a grin cut across the old man’s wizened features. 

“Yes,” he said softly. “right you are, and right you’ve always been. Tonight, we will end what we started eight millennia back.” He gave a mild chuckle. “But as you once said, old friend, let’s finish what we started in style.”

Without warning, he twisted around, hands outstretched, held pointing towards the broken, damaged tablet behind him. A jet of fire escaped from both of Mantra’s hands, tailing around the tablet, the broken and damaged remains of the most powerful tablet. Valicros seemed to glow as the jet of fire surrounded it. And then, for a moment, a dazzling flare of orange light shot out from the tablet, immersing the entire world. And as the light was sucked back into the tablet, Redgarn and the other four staggered backwards, their eyes shielded. Mantra turned back, his eyes seeming to linger with the bright, dazzling flame that had just unleashed over the tablet behind him. 

A moment passed when there was no comprehension in Redgarn’s eyes, for what Mantra had just done. But the very next moment, as the air around the glowing orange tablet crackled … understanding flooded him. But it was too late.

Mantra jumped out of the way of the glowing tablet, the air over which was starting to awaken with bright ropes of flame out of nowhere. As Redgarn and the four others watched with bounding horror, the glowing tablet seemed to spit flames into the air around it. But no ordinary flames … tongues of swirling, coiling orange that seemed to slither over the place like fiery snakes having minds of their own. They danced over the air, roping around of the tablet for a mean moment after their release, before turning and shooting across the cave. 

Redgarn himself was half blank with dawning horror and alarm. For he knew what had just happened…

 He’s just performed an ancient spell … Inferno, the spell of the fire serpents! The revelation was followed by swift burst of fear. And he performed it on a broken tablet! The spell’s now going to loosen completely out of control!

The three other Xeni stagger backwards as they witnessed the sheer awe, coupled with bewilderment, of what they were witnessing. 

As the glow consuming the tablet brightened, the fire serpents, the tongues of flame released by the tablet, grew longer and swifter. They seemed to spring out of thin air, their light spreading over the entire dark interior of their cave. They shot across the place like airborne snakes, coiling and swirling over the air. Redgarn had just a second to understand that the growth of the fire serpents was going to intensify, and speeden. As one, the four of them jumped out of the way, ducking. And not a second later, one of the coils of light shot through right where they’d been standing. One of the men who was too slow to jump out of the way was slashed across by the flame tongue like a sword, and he hit the ground, dead, beside Redgarn. 

The ones spread across the rest of the cave stopped and stared at this new, bizarre development, all of them lowering their swords. 

The crackling grew louder and deadlier as Redgarn lay on the ground. He glanced up and saw the tongues of fire speeden, shooting out of thin air around the tablet, and then racing across the cave. 

__________


The four Xeni Vestra had been duelling halted and glanced at the tablet metres from where they now stood, which was beginning to glow and spurt flaming ribbons into the air.

The split second of faltering that they allowed as they did this was all Vestra needed: she held her hand up, summoning all the might of her mind. Two of the Xeni fell prey to the smash released from in front of her palm. The wave like entity collided with them, taking them off their feet. They soared over and crashed to the cave’s walls, laying a spread of cracks over it. The remaining two had been knocked to the side by the wave.

Now having space for distraction, she turned to the tablet, near which stood Mantra, Redgarn and three other Xeni. But the tablet metres from them was glowing in a wild orange colour, and the air around it was erupting with tongues of flame … Something very unusual was going on. 

The tablet seemed to vibrate as it glowed, with the air around it spitting flames out of nowhere. One of the tongues of fire shot across right towards them. The entire bunch of them lunged out of the way. Vestra rolled over the ground, a scorching blaze missing her by a few millimeters. But a quickly silenced ear splitting shriek from behind her told her that one of the two remaining Xeni she was duelling had been too slow to move out of the way … and was now dead. The other one lay shrivelled on the ground, trying to avoid the ribbons of fire shooting across the place. The savage fury in his eyes slowly drained, and fear was taking over. 

The fiery snakes continued to shoot out of the glowing tablet, swimming over the air inside of the cave, as if with a mind of their own. The sight made Vestra’s blood still. A sight was entrancing … but also terrifying beyond reason. 

What’s going on? she thought, panic flaring within. Metres across, Qyro jumped out of one of the fiery serpents’ way, while one of the three Xeni he’d been fighting fell prey to it, engulfed in fire, and hitting the ground a few seconds later in ashes. 

She saw Redgarn and Mantra lying on the ground feet away from each other, along with another of the three Xeni accompanying Redgarn. But the flames weren’t willing to spare the ground either. One of the tongues coiled over the air and landed on the ground close to where the third Xeni accompanying Redgarn was, so that his robe was partly set afire. The man jumped into the air and ran off, his hands flailing as he tried to douse the flames now gripping his robe. 

Vestra’s throat ran dry as she realised that they, the ones inside the cave, were now being held hostage by something far more deady than their enemies’ swords … Far more lethal … and the evidence suggested that not most of them would be able to come out alive. 

__________


Keeping himself pressed to the cave’s floor, Mantra watched the fiery snakes explode over the cave, spinning around over its interior. Holding all of them now prisoner to their own selves. Because one bad move amidst the spinning fire serpents could mean a painful death. 

Mantra would have considered whatever he had just done the heights of sheer madness in any other ordinary situation. But this was no ordinary situation. Mantra had called on the aid of cold logic for this: there had never been any hope for them, the four Nyon, anyway: there was no chance they could have fended off more than ten of their enemies. And so, he had done the only thing remaining to wager them a chance out of here alive … He had released inferno, and plunged the place into chaos so that half of their enemies would be killed along with it. Mantra had thought that it would give them the meekest sliver of chance to survive and escape. But as he gazed at the horror unleashing about through the ribbons of fire, which would soon engulf entire place in their blaze, Mantra realised that his calculations may have been wrong after all…

It didn’t look like anybody was going to survive and escape this…

The glowing tablet feet from him was beginning to turn white hot, and the spinning tongues of flame released around it were beginning to accelerate wildly. One of them zipped downwards and lashed the ground less than a foot from Mantra, who would have been fried to a crisp if not for his razor sharp reflexes. He rolled over the ground and then sat up, his head ducked to avoid the fiery ropes spinning over the entire cave. 

Around the cave, everyone else had stopped fighting and were now trying to keep themselves from burning alive at the hands of the fire serpents swirling about the air. 

Redgarn sat kneeled as Mantra was, a few feet from him. His face was undisposed of the fury masking it all along. His gleaming red eyes found Mantra. 

Without waiting, he launched himself towards Mantra, missing one of the tongues of flame zipping past him by a whisker. 

Caught in the middle of the inferno, Mantra duelled with his ancient foe, who was as determined to kill him as he had been right from the start. His will unhampered even by the deadly predicament they were all now in. Mantra’s attention was split between fending off Redgarn, and not getting struck by the fire serpents spinning around the place.

__________


Zardin hadn’t stopped his mindless assault, even in the face of this new, extraordinarily strange development. 

What the hell’s happening?  thought Ion, as ropes of fire sprang into the chamber they were, and swirled about the air within it rapidly. The two of them were now amidst a group of wildly spinning ribbons of fire that swept across the place. Trying to devour whatever they found in their way. 

Ignoring the strange distraction as effectively as if it didn’t exist, Zardin lunged forward at Ion. Panicky and dazed, Ion felt himself vaguely throw his own sword over the air to block the assault, before disconnecting the blades and jumping back as one of the fire ribbons swept down towards him from the side. Blazing hot air enveloped his face as he missed the tongue of fire by less than a foot.

Zardin lazily tilted his head as another of the fire serpents spun towards his head. It passed right above his shoulder, leaving not a trace of effect on him as he stood as still as iron, unperturbed. 

His blank eyes unmoving from his twin brother, Zardin leapt forward again, swinging his sword. Ion parried the blade with lightspeed reflexes as it danced around him, its bright orange glow seeming to merge with the blaze of fire in the atmosphere around them. 

__________


Redgarn sprang back at the speed of wind to dodge the fire serpent that came spinning towards him from the right. Mantra’s white eyes caught the light of the flame as it passed before him, a swirl of flickering orange light emanating from within their calm depths. 

Taking advantage, the old man bounded forward as the fire serpent just passed, swinging his sword faster than Redgarn’s dazed attention could catch it. He felt his feet carry him to the side, his sword moving to block the shot. But too late - 

A searing pain scratched across the front of his chest as Mantra’s sword brushed it. Redgarn gave a shriek of pain, jumping back. And before Mantra could leap over and finish him, another fire serpent cut across the air between them, forcing Mantra to jump back instead. Redgarn toppled over and rolled over the ground, clutching the scratch laid over his chest. Through the spinning flames, he saw Mantra standing feet ahead of him, his ignited sword held ready to lay the final blow. The scratch it had left on Redgarn’s chest burnt with pain, as though the sword’s blaze lingered on the cut. 

Fighting back the pain spreading from the scratch, Redgarn rose unsteadily. His sword doused. Fixing Mantra with a glare that radiated more fury than the fires rushing around them, Redgarn snarled, “You may have won this petty battle … but the war is ours, old friend. The victory that matters most, is ours. Tonight, we’ve released the Mezmeron in his most powerful form … And our empire has returned to seize the world. Nothing can now stop us. Nothing will now stop us.”

He turned and swept his gaze over the rest of the cave. Nearby within sight, the other two of Mantra’s disciples could be seen, feebly diving about the swirling flames, and at the same time fending off his men.

“Xeni!” Redgarn boomed, his voice mounting atop the crackling of flames. “Retreat!”

Mantra made no attempt to stop the wretched Xeni leader as he turned and bounded off, dodging and ducking the fire serpents in a dash towards the cave’s entrance. The few Xeni who had been duelling Vestra and Qyro stopped and ran after him. A few of them were hit by the fire serpents before they could make it, but the rest of the black cloaked fiends were fast enough to pelt across the cave unmarred. One of them was signed by the sleeve of his robe, but he kept on, unbothered. And the entire surviving pack of Xeni led by Redgarn melted from sight as they vanished through the cave’s entrance… 

Mantra drew his attention back inside the cave, and the suffocating heat washed over him with a new intensity. His knife sharp reflexes put him on the move just in time to duck as one of the ribbons slashed across the air above him. Rolling over on the ground to avoid a second ribbon as it flew down from his right, Mantra jumped back to his feet, his mind thundering with an alert tenseness.He swept his gaze about, trying to scout out the only remaining thing that mattered to him in the face of this predicament…

Vestra and Qyro were both standing on opposite corners of the large cave, both close enough to reach him. Both their postures were rigid as they stood helplessly amidst the spinning mayhem. Tongues of fire shot forth all about them, and they were constantly on the move, ducking, leaping and throwing themselves off the way of the fire serpents that came slithering out of side. 

They were far off from where Mantra stood … too far for him to try reaching them. 

They would be reduced to ashes very shortly. 

The Xeni and even Mantra himself, being of prodigious skill, would escape from here only with a stroke of luck. But the two young inexperienced disciples stood next to no chance … It was too much to even ask that they had survived this long. 

Mantra let his eyes linger on the two of them amidst the blazing hysteria around, watching as they fervently ducked and dodged death by mere whiskers. While the fire serpents rushed in all over, relentless. And a sharp twinge of guilt formed within Mantra. He had thrust them into this journey, starting with the mission to recover the crystal … And starting from then, they had been thrown into a senseless adventure that was far too much for their inexperienced age to handle … And now, at the very peak of the danger, they had been pushed over the edge. And the fault was his. He had been responsible for what they had undergone from the very start…

The realisation ignited Mantra’s mind like no other ever had. Resolve flared within him, pushing away all of the hopelessness and dread. 

I took responsibility for them. he reminded himself. I stood before the elder council and claimed full responsibility for both their lives and deaths, just a day back … and the time’s come to keep up my word.

Without pausing to consider it, Mantra slid his blade back into his sheath and bounded through the hysteric, swirling fires to reach his two disciples. And to get them out of here alive. 

__________


Ion’s thoughts were suddenly dishevelled, thrown into chaos in confusion and panic. And his panic sharpened like a talon as he thought of the other three. And all his worries regarding this new development found them. They’ve gotta be all right! 

Ahead of him, his black hair spinning like the fire serpents across the cave, Zardin stood death defyingly calm amidst the raging mayhem. His pale face was livened with a deadly fervour. His blank sockets fixed on Ion. 

Two of the fiery ropes swooshed downward and shot right in between them. As the second passed, Zardin raised his sword and lunged. The Xeni sent another heavy assail of jabs and slashes, which Ion would have fallen for if he hadn’t taken advantage of his surroundings to jump in and out of the swishing fire. 

As one of the fire serpents shot from the right, Ion threw himself to the right, out of its way. He hit the ground at the force of his leap. Zardin stood just as calmly, his eyeless sockets more terrifying than ever in the blaze spinning around his surroundings. A sudden tongue of flame rushed in from behind him. He lazily flicked his hand aside, and the fire serpent exploded into black smoke.

As Ion struggled to get back to his feet, Zardin progressed on him. Ion lifted his blade just in time to block the heavy slash the Xeni sent him. Their blades collided with a burst of sparks, their glimmer dampened in the fierce flames all over them. 

__________


Mantra had reached Qyro, who was standing a few metres from where Vestra stood. The two of them were now wading down the inferno to reach her.

A fire serpent came in from her right, and Vestra had the space of a second to throw herself out of the way. Her mind lay parted in its concern, now between herself and the other two: Mantra and Qyro were slowly making their way to where she was, halting, jumping and twisting amidst the flaming ribbons that danced all about them mercilessly. 

As managed to reach her, Vestra said, “Wait, what about Ion?” 

“We don’t know where he is.” Mantra said, looking about. “There’s nothing we can do for him, except to hope he isn’t still inside here.”

Vestra swept her eyes over the surroundings, trying to find him. Trying to make out evidence that he wasn’t still in here, trapped … because if he was, he was done for. 

But she could make nothing of the flaming mayhem. She turned to Qyro, whose eyes echoed her fear. 

Mantra spun towards the entrance far ahead of them, which was blocked by an endless supply of swirling fire serpents. 

“Let’s go,” he said, glancing back at them. 

And the three of them started a mindless dash through the place, towards the entrance far ahead. Aiming to reach it in one, uncharred piece…

__________


This has to be a dream. thought Ion, half praying for it, as he blocked blow after blow sent at him by the man he was fighting…

The man he had been fighting for two years now, within him.
 
Zardin seemed to move at the speed of thought, slashing and jabbing at such a savage pace that Ion was pushed back with every blow… 

Ion felt utter hopelessness overrun him. But his outer circumstance, the fact that he might be struck down, or hit by one of the fiery snakes, wasn’t the cause of the hopelessness. It was the revelation. The revelation of what his actions had wrought in this world. 

He was now looking at the effect of his actions … his wrongdoings. His evil. 

Zardin was his evil. An effect of the ill deeds of the past. He was responsible for transforming an innocent, noble young man into the horrid creature that was now duelling him inside this chamber of swirling flames. 

The fault was all his own. And this realisation brought more pain than all of his past regrets put together. 

He was the one to blame for this… 

But as the thought crossed him, a sudden flame kindled within him. Because Ion understood that, as the fault was solely his own … so was the responsibility to now correct the fault. To correct his fault. 

A tongue of fire zipped between them, throwing both of them out of the way in reflex. Ion took advantage of the split second delay in Zardin’s motion, and lunged forth…

His sword met Zardin’s with a sharp, steely cling that sounded clearly over the rushing flames around them. And the sword held in his opponent’s hand was sent flying off at the force of Ion’s swift blow. 

Disarmed, Zardin stood just as unfazed amidst the flames spinning about, with Ion holding his ignited sword up before him. 

And then, very slowly, a look of delighted acceptance stretched across Eol’s pale face.

“Congratulations, dear brother.” His pointed teeth exposed as he smiled. “You’ve won. You’ve won again.”

Ion held his sword an inch from Eol’s chest, his chest heaving. He lowered the sword slowly.

“Eol, come back.” he whispered, stretching his free arm towards his brother … the brother that he had lost, and was now trying to reclaim. “Everything that’s happened … it’s all over. We’re gonna fix everything, take it all back to normal. Come back to the right side. We’re family, Eol.”

His words seemed to leave a silent, yearning screech in the air after he’d said them.

Ion stood there with his hand held out towards Zardin, waiting. 

And then, Zardin’s smile stretched longer, and the blaze of a lunatic came over his pale features. 

“Eol is gone.” he said softly, but his voice seemed to thunder through Ion’s mind. “And now, Zardin will follow.”

He kept both hands outstretched, and two of the ribbons of fire suddenly came swirling in from behind him … And as one, they both hit one of his outstretched hands… 

Ion heard a scream of eternal horror pierce the world … before he realised it was coming from his own mouth. 

Feeling as if he himself were on fire, he watched as the fire swept across his brother’s body within the fragment of a second. The body that had been Ion’s brother blazed like a pillar set on fire. Eol didn’t scream. He didn’t move. He didn’t even flinch as his entire form lay engulfed in flames…

And then, after the passage of a few eternities, the blaze slowly dissolved, and what was left to remain of the body crashed over the ground behind in a pool of ashes. All that now remained of Ion’s brother, Eol.


24




Ion was barely aware that he had sunken to his knees, staring at the ashes that had once been a living, breathing being. His heart seemed to have clutched his chest, unwilling to beat … He couldn’t move. He could hardly breathe. 

He slowly reached out and clasped a handful of the ashes, raising it to his eyes. Brother… 

A gust of wind sent the ashes scattering, and his attention snapped back to the present. The fire serpents swirling all over him seemed to have gained a new fury in their senseless flow. 

Now that the duel was over, his mind fell in complete tune with the true depth of whatever was happening around. The danger of the present circumstance… 

He tried peering through the large crash in the wall which his body had made. The swirling ribbons of fire could be seen in the main chamber of the cave outside. But as he swept his eyes through it carefully, he felt a spark of elation: the other three weren’t there … at least they were saved. 

He, however, was not going to be … Because as Ion analysed the climate with all honesty to himself, he knew that the chances of him being able to make it out of here alive were next to zero. 

He kept himself pressed to the ground, almost trembling. The fire serpents swirled and coiled menacingly all around him, some of them missing him by mere feet as they passed dangerously close to the ground. But Ion made no effort to move, or to save himself … He knew it was all futile. He was going to die in here, alone and helpless … And it was about the worst type of death he could have asked for. 

He shut his eyes, keeping his body pressed to the ground. Waiting for one of the flaming serpents to swoop down anytime now and claim him … He knew the moment wouldn’t be too far at all…

“Ion!”

Ion jolted upright, his eyes snapping open. Mantra stood at the entrance to this chamber, his robe fluttering in the winds cast by the swirling fires all over. 

“Get up, kid.” he ordered, holding an arm out. “Or my returning here to get you out of here alive, would go wasted.”

He noticed Mantra standing in a slightly hunched posture, one hand over his stomach, and the other held out towards Ion. There was a trace of suppressed agony in his eyes as he stood there. Ion held his hand out, grasping the master’s. 

Mantra’s hand trembled as he heaved Ion up. And as he rose, the two of them locked eyes, and the very instant, Ion saw it. 

No! 

Horror flooded Ion as his eyes fell on the charred, crisped portion of Mantra’s robe. There was a large glowing slash across the master’s torso, surrounded by his burnt robe: one of the fire serpents had struck him, apparently, while he had come back to rescue Ion. It had gashed a large cut through his stomach. A part of Mantra’s insides were now fried. 

Ion rose his eyes back to the master’s wizened features, which bode no sorrow or fear. Just the same, unblemished calm as ever: he was obviously fighting the agony of the wound as he kept it clutched with his other hand … But Ion could tell that it was costing him too much. He wouldn’t last long… 

His mind thundering with alarm, he made to move forward to help. But Mantra gave a sharp wave of his free hand, his face wincing slightly in pain. “Don’t worry about that. I’ll live long enough to get you out. Now, follow me!”

Without a word, Mantra turned and sprinted down the cave, and Ion hurried on along with him. He kept pace with the elderly master as they dashed senselessly across the cave. 

As though predicting the fire serpents’ motions, Mantra held his hand out a couple of times, stopping a few of the flaming ribbons before they hit him or Ion behind him. His features were contorted in focus and agony throughout, one hand clutching the gash across his stomach. He seemed to be propelling all hia energy into each step, and the agony of his wound could be seen in his face as he ran on… 

Ion fought back the hopelessness and shock, keeping the meanest flicker of hope alive that the master wasn’t doomed. That the two of them would reach the exit of the cave, and would be able to heal him. But even as the thought crossed him, a part of his hopes died: he knew that the wound Mantra had fallen prey to was not within the scale of healing that the three students knew. It was too grave. They would not be able to heal him with their powers…

The thought ran through Ion like an icy shard, dragging his spirits down with it. But he quickly thrust it aside, knowing that he could not falter at this moment: the raging fires spun about like loosened tongues of fire, lashing the place with all their energy. Mantra and Ion were in the middle of a senseless sprint across the cave, both of their eyes kept peeled for the fire serpents swirling all over the place. They ducked, dodged and shot their way across the place. Mantra kept his hand over the wound the whole time, and Ion could feel the pain of the wound draw its effect over him … closing in on his energy like a vast shadow. The resolve in his deep white eyes seemed to flicker as he sprinted on, and his speed was ebbing. 

“Master, come on!” Ion stopped to call, his heart now hammering within his ribs. “Don’t stop now!”

But Mantra gave a slight shudder, and fell to a complete stop. He swayed once, and then toppled to the right. 

No! Without the meanest care for life or death, Ion turned, changing course, and dashed towards where the old man lay, stirring feeble amidst the swirling flames. No!No!No!

Ion threw himself to the ground, pulling Mantra’s limp body along. Then, without wasting the breadth of a moment, he heaved Mantra up and shot the remaining distance between there and the cave’s entrance. 

He could feel Mantra’s weight drag him slower, and the fury of the fires all over him seemed to have bounded now: the fiery tongues seemed to dance about with a renewed fervour, as though acting with a mind to strike down the lone survivor. But Ion kept his teeth gritted firmly and sprinted through the place. 

Through the entrance approaching far ahead, Ion could see Vestra and Qyro waiting nervously. They stood at a distance from the cave’s entrance and the hysteria raging inside of it. 

The thudding of his own footsteps seemed to absorb everything in Ion’s attention as he ran with Mantra’s body over his shoulder.

Then, like a fiery snake striking out of the blue, one of the flaming ribbons coursed in from above … heading towards them from the left. Ion saw it and, not a moment too late, dodged out of the way. But as he swayed to the right, he felt another rush of burning air reach him from the left. Without even thinking, he broke his flow of motion and jumped to the opposite side, just missing the flaming tongue on his left by a deadly whisker. 

Without waiting for a breath, he turned back and shot down the cave. The distance remaining closed rapidly, falling to less than ten metres. 

Before he knew what or how, he had carried Mantra’s limp body and had flown straight out of the cave’s entrance. As fast as a bullet. Qyro and Vestra watched him pelt out, and the same shock stretched across their faces as they watched him carrying Mantra’s lifeless form. As Ion sped to a stop, he tripped, hitting the ground in a whirl of sand and dirt. Mantra’s body slipped and hit the soil by his side. 

Ion sat back up slowly, Vestra and Qyro rushing to where Mantra lay beside him. They tore the front of his robes off and there, a bright orange slash lay across his torso: the fire serpent had cut right through it, like an ignited sword. 

Ion’s heart plummeted horribly. 

“No,” he whispered, getting to his feet. Qyro caught him from behind as he staggered. Vestra lay crouched over her master, trying to find a pulse as she kept a finger over his neck. 

She then turned to the two of them, her mouth wide open. “He isn’t dead!”

“What!” gasped Qyro and Ion together. Vestra shook her head, the tears in her eyes draining. 

As if on cue, Mantra’s white eyes popped open, and he slowly levelled his gaze with the three of them. He clutched the orange gash across his torso where the fire serpent had passed, his face contorting. 

“It’s all right, master!” squealed Vestra, pressing the wound with the torn front of his robes. 

“Healer -” croaked Mantra, his eyes drooping again… 

“We’ve gotta get him to a healer!” exclaimed Qyro, his voice urgent as Ion had ever heard it. “We can still save him!”

Ion stared at the gaping orange slash across Mantra’s torso, and he had to struggle to force down the wave of hopelessness.

“Well, let’s go, then!” he called to the other two. 

Mantra’s eyelids flickered as unconsciousness swooped over him again … He uttered a dry chuckle, and his white eyes fell to focus on the stars spreading on the night sky above.

“And so it starts,” he whispered, his voice strong despite the injury. “All over again.”

And then his head lolled to the side, his eyes slacking shut. 

Ion, Vestra and Qyro exchanged a fleeting, terrified glance. Qyro bent down, scooped the master up and slung him over his shoulder, and without a breath wasted, the three of them dashed off down the land to where they had parked their ship.

__________


Epilogue




Endless darkness…

Toneless silence…

Stillness. Serenity. Calm unmatched by anything else…

An elevated existence, transcending beyond all borders of being. Independant of all. 

Unbound by space. Undefined by reason. Unanchored by purpose.

Unheld by control. 

Eternities passed … spanning within the gap of one moment. 

The moment that defined it all. 

The silence drew on … the darkness waded on. 

The stillness persisted… 

And then, piercing the silence, it came…

Like a ray of light…

It started as a fickle movement. 

And it then gathered pace, slowly forming out of the nothingness. 

And a new gravity came through the non being … a new direction. 

A new glow…

The sensation expanded slowly … sucking everything into it. 

And then there was light… 

There was knowledge…

There was reason…

There was purpose…

And it brought everything together, solidifying out of the non being. And bringing a new being…

And the spaceless void rumbled as an ancient, deadly force awoke within it. 

A force more terrible than anything dreamt of … a violent darkness with no bounds, no borders. 

The world was suddenly swept by a bright new joy… 

A joy unlike anything seen before… 

For something had been found out of nothing. 

A power unlike anything seen before. A gravely terrible power. 

This is not the end. Zardin thought gleefully, possessed with a new fire as he hovered in this endless abyss. This is just the beginning.


THE END


The story will continue in …


Clocks 
BOOK TWO












	





