
The Rising Sun

Clocks 
BOOK ONE




J HAWK



Copyright © 2014 J Hawk




EPISODE 2


1




“Force one congratulates you.” said Vonayz. “You’ve really earned yourself a reputation if the Naxim’s high council decided to send us to bring you down. We, force one, were meant for fighting fire with fire.”

The semi circle stirred with laughter, all of their eyes focused on Ion.  

“A force of mystics to bring down mystics.” continued Vonayz. “You can imagine the impact it had on the Naxim’s high council. They were against it, but you’ve really done something here, to get them to change their minds and send us in. Force one. Mystic hunters.” He spread his hands, gesturing to the others standing around. “We’re just a very, very minor portion of the entire team. Altogether, force one encompasses almost a thousand or so mystics that the Naxim’s high council secretly uses to hunt down other, more deadly mystics. And all of them come under my command. I lead them. I handpick them, and take them to bring down fiends like you. And today, force one would have made its finest catch.”

Ion glared at the long hated face of his foe. The two of them stood feet apart, both their faces mirrors of the the same contempt and scorn. Ion tried maintaining his calm, keeping focus now when he most needed it. But before he knew it, his mind was steaming with rage and hatred. A rage and hatred which had been harnessed over too long…

The others standing about the circle listened quietly while their leader confronted his arch nemesis.

Vonayz held a piece of paper, with a blurry image on it, and waved it in front of Ion. “Imagine my delight, when this situation found me.”  He looked into the picture, a smile splitting his face. “The leader of the high council of the Naxim approaches me, telling me that this was a mystic who needed to be brought in immediately.” He uttered a soft laugh. “I saw who the picture showed, and realised that this was an opportunity of a lifetime.” 

Ion saw that this was the picture that the Naxim officer had earlier taken of him, in the middle of the mid air chase. His hair had been coated with the oil from his bike, but Vonayz had clearly made out who it actually was in the picture. 

Vonayz rolled the picture and slid it back into his pocket, his hungry eyes fixed on Ion all through. His voice fell soft, but there was a fury in every word. “And imagine my response to him … when I got the chance to play my hand in my most hated enemy’s demise.” He spread his hands in a joyful gesture. “So what say you, Ion? Shall we finish what we failed to three years ago?”  His voice lowered to an even more deadly whisper. “By the time we do … you’ll wish the two of us had never crossed paths.”

At once, the seven mystics drew their blades from behind them. They were all long and thin, sleek with menace. The very same way all mystic swords were built. 

Ion drew his own blade, and he felt time slow down … his mind race forth. 

Seven against one. 

It wasn’t going to be easy. 

Flashes of orange lit the air as the eight mystics ignited their swords as one.

Ion sidestepped Vonayz’s jab, twisted around and sent a slash with his own sword. Vonayz jumped a few feet back to miss his blade. 

As the rest of them leapt towards him, Ion raised both hands. He channeled his energy and mind through his fingers. And a fluidic, wave like splash released itself from the air in front of him, sailing over towards the circle of seven. The smash collided with three of the six mystics, lifting them off their feet and sending them airborne. One of them hit the compound wall on the side of the street with a splitting crash, before going limp. Two others of the seven were knocked off their feet at the sudden force of his smash. They stumbled and fell over, tripping on their blue capes. The remaining one joined Vonayz, slashing and jabbing with a heavy fury alongside his leader. Ion jumped back, his sword flying faster than it had ever his whole life. 

The five fallen ones slowly gathered themselves and lunged at him again. Ion experienced a split second flare of panic that made him half want to throw his sword and run off. But, gathering his spirits, he fought on. One of the six of them raised his hands, and crimson flames licked the air in front of him. 

A blaze… 

Raw panic shot through Ion. As the man unleashed a torrent of fire through both his hands, Ion had already flung himself off, and soared over the air just by to miss the flames. The fire singed the bottom of his cloak. He landed on the ground with a thud, rolled over, and burst back to his feet. As he turned, he saw that the man’s blaze, intended for him, had instead found two of his own. Their robes flaming from the back, the two members of the team hit the ground and rolled over it furiously, trying to douse the flames. The confusion gave Ion the mini second edge he needed. In a lightspeed flash, he turned and rammed his elbow to the side of one of them standing beside him. Then, he sent the hilt of his sword smashing into the face of another who stood before him. The two of them took to the air at the force of the respective blows, and landed in two limp, unconscious heaps. 

Vonayz’s gaze flickered to the two of them and then back to Ion, fury now brimming upon his face. The two others remaining joined him in assailing Ion, pushing him further and further back. Ion had to keep the flow of his body steeled, as he fended off the assault of three ignited swords. But with every jab, every slash, he felt his hopes falter, his spirits sink … he knew he couldn’t hold off the odds for long. The three of them would finish him soon enough … Finally, Vonayz jumped forth, his sword gleaming wildly…

And red hot pain scorched Ion’s shoulder as Vonayz’s sword brushed it from the side. It failed to go any deeper because Ion had jumped back quick enough. Ion staggered and hit the ground with a roar of pain, his sword slipping from his hand. Vonayz and the two others stood over him, basking in the helpless state of their target. 

Vonayz bent down over him, a fiendish glow upon his face.

“It’s too bad we were told to bring you back alive.” he whispered. “But wait a second … You don’t need all your bones to be in one piece for interrogation, do you?”

The two others laughed nastily.

Ion was keeping himself steady. While he was lying on the cold ground, his eyes casually roamed around. His sword lay feet from him, by the base of the compound wall on his right. Think … think.

“Now,” said Vonayz, straightening. “Where shall we sta -”

A loud crash drowned the end of his sentence, and he jumped to the right, missing a strip from compound wall that had cracked and fallen down beside. But the wall, which Ion had used his mystical powers to break and cause to fall, had collapsed over one of the three, who now lay unconscious below it. Before the suddenness of it could pass, Ion’s leg had swiped across the air. With a quiet sound of bone colliding with bone, he tripped the last of Vonayz’s men, who sailed over and landed by him. Before he could right himself, Ion’s fist had shot into his face, and he rolled over, unconscious. 

With a wild roar, Vonayz jumped down upon Ion. The two of them rolled over the ground, grunting and snarling. Ion threw his weight off and reached for the sword lying by the wall. The two of them jumped to their feet, swords ignited again. 

“Just the way I’d like it,” sneered Vonayz, his eyes blazing with fury. “One on one.  The way it was meant to be.”

“You sure about that?” Ion jumped forth, summoning all the anger and pain. And he struck with a relentless, merciless rage, slashing, jabbing and stabbing. The two of their blades danced about in maniacal swirl of orange, and sparks exploded all over with every clash that they met in. Vonayz moved with the same vital prowess Ion had always known. 

As their swords locked in a sharp, steely cling that left a shower of crimson sparks, Ion snarled from over their locked blades, “A lot’s changed … old pal.”

Vonayz’s teeth exposed as he chuckled. “Has it?”

“I’m not the guy you knew two years back. I’m now strong enough to take you down head on … not through luck as I did two years back.”

“Through snivelling cowardice, you mean?” said Vonayz. “But I’m not complaining, Ion. What happened between us gave me a lot to improve upon. And I’ve changed, too. Let me show you why.”

Without warning, he sent Ion stumbling back with a mighty push. Before Ion could steady himself, Vonayz had thrown himself forward with a battle cry. His glowing orange sword sailed towards Ion, a second away from gutting him. Gathering his mind, Ion threw himself into motion as well … His sword clipped Vonayz’s in a swift upper cut, sending him off balance for the meekest second. The meekest second that Ion needed. As Vonayz tried to steady himself, Ion had lunged forward, both feet leaving ground. A dull groan sounded over the air, and Vonayz was sent flying back at the force of Ion’s doubled legged kick. He sailed five metres across the air, and crashed into the wall of the building behind…

Ion landed firmly on both feet, his blood still racing with thrill and fear. He looked back down the alleyway, and at the two unconscious bodies by the side of the street. They were stirring feebly. Soon to come around. Ion turned and peered through the veil of mist in front of him. He knew that the four other mystics of the team Vonayz had brought had probably awoken and would come rushing to him anytime now.

Without a flicker of hesitation, he doused his sword and bolted off down the lane before they arrived here. He knew that they would be calling for re-inforcements when they saw what had become of Vonayz and the two other members of their team. And re-inforcements were the last thing he needed. He sprinted down the lane, aiming to take a de tour across the abandoned town and get back to the hover bike he had parked at the edge of the city.






2




Scratching his chin idly, Carcasar gazed down at the hilly terrain spreading below him. He had one eye, with the other one slit across and punctured. But even with his remaining eye, he happened to be just as deadly. Just as primally feared as he always had been. Beneath him on the mountain slope he was now on, five more cloaked figures lay stretched over the ground, asleep. Their grunting snores combined to fill the air with an unpleasant rasping noise. Which would have made the skin of any person who heard it prickle … any normal person who heard it. They, the cloaked creatures below and Carcasar himself, were anything but normal. They were not men. They hated men. Man beings were their finest, most loved cuisine. And it was common knowledge that men knew this, and feared them above all else. 

Zelgron… 

The very word boded a ring of terror in the heart of any man who heard it. And Carcasar was proud to belong to this brutal, savage segment of creation. A segment that knew no bounds. No boundaries in their vicious, bloody ways. 

Carcasar drew back his hood and slowly raised his fingers, examining the old skin stretching over his bone like hands. Gray and lifeless, their skin seemed to rot harder every year, with thick patches of black smeared over them. Any stray person would have identified him as one of the deadliest creatures to tread this spectrum. 

And yet, his race were left next to powerless … Despite the terror the Zelgron commanded, they were stripped of control in this world. A mere blotch in a world controlled by man beings. 

But Carcasar intended to change that… 

In recent years, he had set foot on a new path along with other powerful friends he had… 

As a prominent warlord and a leader among the Zelgron, Carcasar was now slowly steering his race back to the top…

He drew his hood back again, his one remaining eye staring out from underneath it. Slowly trotting downwards on the slope, he lay on the ground, staring at the stars above. His one remaining eye twitched as he remembered the incident from a night so similar to this one…

The incident that had taken his other eye, and left a gash across his face in place of it. 

And he remembered the one responsible for it. For tearing his eye out. 

You won’t get away with what you did, boy. A growl of fury rumbled within his throat. Ion will pay for what he did … I’ll make sure of it. Eye for an eye.

His insides mashed with rage as he remembered that red haired, orange eyed boy. Someone who had made himself a most deadly enemy… 


	Two years ago 


As Carcasar lunged again, the boy’s sword flashed wildly before him … He had slashed it across the air.

And the skin on Carcasar’s face blazed with pain as the tip of the sword scraped across it. The sword had slashed across one of his eyes. Carcasar stumbled, erupting with a scream of agony.

My eye!!

Pain and rage stormed him as he stood there with a hand over his punctured eye, his other hand flailing madly. Without wasting another second, he threw himself forth at the boy, aiming to tear his face out.

	
	The present
	

Carcasar’s remaining eye twitched once more…

The person responsible for this … Carcasar knew he would not, in any means, get away with it. Nobody messed with him, the great Zelgron warlord, and got away with it. 

He knew that before the end of this life, the boy would pay. He intended to make sure he did. He had a list of enemies who dreaded him and the rest of his kind under his command … And he knew that this boy was one of them. 

That day, two years back, would have left its mark on him. A mark which Carcasar knew he was carrying upto this day … and he was right in doing so. 

Because when the chance came for it, Carcasar would find the boy again and finish their meeting two years back…

And the chance was coming very soon…






3




Meanwhile, a billion miles away, cruiser 802 had just left the planet Dragor. It ripped across space at a mindless speed, its gigantic size seeming to hold no bounds to its motion. 

Spaceway transport was mostly public, with the government of any planet owning the cruisers moving in and out of it. But there were also private companies willing to offer a far more luxurious, high priced mode of travel for passengers, and cruiser 802 came under the ownership of one of these private companies. 

Lexion was a spaceway agency that owned a fleet of almost a thousand or so cruisers. Its voyages were mainly centred around the planetary system of Dragor and other nearby ones. Cruiser 802 was the last one leaving Dragor in this day, to a planet further off by the edge of this cluster, called Artos. 

The space crew - the air hostesses and pilots - had just boarded the cruiser from Lexion’s space tower. This prominent space tower was where all of the company’s cruisers had their security checks, and were then boarded by the space crew. The cruisers would then move to the nearby ship station to collect the awaiting passengers. 

Inside of the massive cruiser, in of its lavish halls laid sprawling over a vast area, four lines of spacious seats were laid in the interior. The passengers belonged to a simmering business class, most of them adorned in shiny suits and elegant cloaks.

Air hostesses strode down the hallways carrying trays of assortments, serving drinks and snacks to the passengers. With expensive black suits and golden badges gleaming on their chests, they struck an air of confidence and command. 

Raf felt silently awed by the air of dignified elegance they were entitled to in this high priced mode of space travel. Lexion left no factor of comfort left unchecked for them.  The owner of a multi cuisine chain of restaurants, Raf had always considered himself worthy of only the best. Uncompromising in what he received. As he stretched back on the cushiony first class seat, he had to admit: this time, he had received the best. 

__________


In the space tower from which cruiser 802 had just left, a space monitoring crew sat busy behind holographic screens, helping the giant vessel make its way through the dangerous chasm that was space. 

The tower formed the central hub of Lexion, where all of the cruisers underwent final security scans, before the crew of pilots and air hostesses boarded them. The cruiser was then guided through its journey by a team of space monitors. This was to ensure that the giant vessel, prone to meeting unseen objects in space, waded through in a safe and unhindered path. The hexagon shaped room was lined with four desks, with people sitting behind each desk, busy at work. 

Gronto stifled a yawn as he leaned by the side of the wall, watching another routine day of work roll by passively. He had spent almost thirty years as the chief security supervisor of Lexion. He had watched them grind through this same system everyday, before deploying their cruisers for space travel. 

Cruiser 802 was the last vessel for this day.

Thank god for that…

Deciding to take a brief break, he headed for the door to the hexagon shaped room, walking down the long corridor that came beyond it. 

__________


Lunch time had come sooner than expected. 

An air hostess passed by Raf’s right, pushing a large trolley, serving each passenger his lunch. He stopped by Raf’s seat and bent down over the lunch trolley. He straightened up holding a large tray, and carefully laid it over the desk before Raf’s seat. 

Raf turned back to the air hostess, whose gleaming badge had the words, “My name is NARODO. How may I be of service?”

“Thanks, Narodo.” Said Raf. 

Narodo gave him a courteous bow in his thick black suit, and then steered the lunch tray to the man in the seat forward. Raf placed the magazine he had been reading down, and begun with what was definitely a reasonably expensive lunch. 

__________


Gronto had wandered into the dressing room. Frowning, he bent down over a pile of robes. As he picked the set of robes up, he wondered where they’d come from: nobody around this agency went about wearing something that looked this ludicrous. 

Whatever.

Throwing the robes down, he reached for the room’s light on the side of the wall, and flicked it on. As the room bloomed to light, his eyes automatically locked to the far end of the room … And he felt his heart halt. 

A group of gagged, masked figures sat at the end of the room, rigidly tied up so that all they could do was fidget and shift mildly. 

Feeling shock explode within him, Gronto dashed to the end of the room, pulling off the mask and gag off one of them. 

It was Narodo, the chief of the air hostess crew of cruiser 802. 

“There are imposters in the cruiser!” Narodo exploded, the moment his gag had been wrenched off. “They took our uniforms … and badges, and entered the ship! We’re under attack!”

Gronto felt brain jam at what he was hearing. 

“What?!” he spluttered, confounded. Without waiting, Gronto tore off the masks off the remaining figures, and his world spun around him:

Sitting tied before him, was the crew of pilots and air hostesses of cruiser 802. 

Who were supposed to be in cruiser 802 right now. 

Gronto straightened up very slowly, feeling as though every muscle in his body had gone still. 

What is this?… 

__________


Jeros stretched on his seat, waiting for his lunch to arrive. In a few moments, one of the air hostesses had arrived next to him with a lunch trolley. A shining badge lay pinned to the man’s chest, which said ‘Narodo’. He placed the tray on Jeros’s desk, gave him a courteous smile, and walked off with the trolley. 

Jeros had felt, for that mini second when he stared into Narodo’s eyes, that there was something strange stirring within them … and whatever it was, it made something tingle silently within him. 

Shaking off the stupid feeling, Jeros began eating his lunch. 

__________


“I don’t … I don’t understand.” Gronto’s mind had gone sluggish in the intensity of what they were facing. “Who?”

The air hostesses and pilots stared at him, all of their eyes seeming to silently scream with something that even transcended fear… 

__________


The man with the badge that said ‘NARODO’ entered the room of the air hostesses, and shoved the lunch trolley into its rack. The room was empty, with the other air hostesses out delivering the passengers’ lunches. Throwing one last glance at the hallway behind him, Zardin tore off the badge on his chest, slapping it on the desk. He peeled off the wax made facial mask and smiled as fresh air brushed against his face. Wearing the stupid wax mask had certainly been the most arduous part of this entire plan, despite being the very least important.

Two more air hostesses filed into the room, fixing Zardin with a purposed look. 

“Everyone’s been given their lunch, sir.” One of them said. 

The other gave a nasty smile. “And the toxin we’ve added will have them all out in seconds now…”

Zardin sent a swift glance back at the line of passengers. They had all begun digging in . Not the meanest inkling of doubt on any of their faces… 

Doubts about if they were really in a safe voyage right now. Doubts about if the food they were eating was actually safe to eat right now. Doubts about if the air hostesses and pilots controlling this cruiser were what they appeared to be.

No doubts at all. Just plain, blind faith in the established system… 

The system that Zardin and the men had set out to tear apart…

“Thank you for your faith, ladies and gents,” said Zardin, a cruel smile twisting his lips. “Now, prepare yourselves … for the ride of a lifetime.”

As the seconds ticked by, the rest of the air hostesses slowly filled the room. The group waited for a minute or two, before they saw heads lolling to the side of every seat. The passengers were all out.

The cruiser was now all theirs. 

Feeling adrenaline flare inside of him, Zardin turned to the other suit adorned men in the small room and leered. “It’s play time, boys.”

He drew out a small, capsule sized device from the left pocket of his suit. He positioned his thumb over the sole red button on the device. For the space of a second, he relished the feel of the button as his thumb sat over it gently… and then he pressed the button.

__________


A hundred or so metres away, a dazzling orange flare soaked the whole engine room. The explosion ripped the entire room apart, sending a wild, rocking shudder across the length of the vast vessel. 

The majestic vessel slowly floated to a stop in the midst of the starry chasm of space. Its grandeur and majesty were now complete illusions to the sad, helpless state it was now in. Its passengers were now in a predicament that no amount of their money would be able to bail them out of…

The cruiser’s engines were blasted off, and its electrical and radar systems had been fried. The vessel was now trapped. Trapped literally in the middle of no man’s land…

Nowhere to run. Nowhere to hide. 






4




“We are at the precipice of a new age,” said the man in the holographic screen. “The age of unravelling.”

His pale face. His razor sharp teeth. His black hair falling on both sides of his face in frames. It was all terrifying. But not merely as terrifying as his eyes. 

Because the man had no eyes … just empty, blank sockets that gazed out horrifyingly. 

As he finished speaking, the silence that followed seemed to drill into the president’s ears. Standing about behind him were the other members of his office. All of them were standing rigid, facing the holo screen at the front of the office. 

“The cruiser 802, of Lexion spaceway, is now within our mercy.” the man in the screen stated. “Every one of the passengers has been put unconscious. And if necessary, they will be put out of consciousness … permanently.”  Spreading down behind the man was a hallway filled with four lines of seats. And the seats were all occupied by unconscious passengers. 

“Believe me,” the man continued. “The worst part of this situation is not that I will kill off every one of your citizens with my very hands,” He raised his hands, with long, talon like nails. “The worst part of this situation … is that I will make all of you watch.”

The entire office watched in horror as a group of other suited men - the other terrorists disguised as air hostesses - walked over, spreading down the line of seats. They were all standing beside one passenger each along the line of seats visible within the holo screen’s range. And then, as one, all of the suited men dug into their pockets and produced Sparklers. They stood spread down the cruiser’s hall with unconscious passengers, and positioned their Sparklers at one unconscious passenger each. 

The eyeless man standing in front of the screen, shook his head slowly. “You may want to consider playing along, because the rest of my men may not be as kind or as patient as me.”

The effect of the man’s words sank through the silence like a knife. 

The president took a deep, calming breath, and broke the silence with his steady voice: 

“What do you want?” 

The man uttered a harsh chuckle, and the z-com’s camera shook slightly as he did. 

“What, indeed?” he said. 

The screen spun around to show the line of passengers. The man walked in front of the screen, stopping by the side of one of the seats. There was a young boy slumped on it, blissful to the gravity of the predicament he was now in. 

“This here is young Onix,” said the man, smiling. “Travelling to the planet Artos to meet his grandparents.”

The pale skinned man placed a gentle hand on the boy’s shoulder.

“You have one chance to be good to this young man here.” His soft, sharp voice might have passed as a hiss. “Because if I don’t hear the response I want,” He turned to gaze ruefully at Onix, his hand stroking the side of his cheek. “You’ll watch as dear Onix’s neck snaps like a twig.”

The president felt his nails dig into his flesh as he clenched his fists. He had to take another deep breath, before he spoke. “Tell us what you want!”

“Oh, but you already know, Mr. President.” said the man, and he gave another twisted smile. “You’ve always known.”

He spent a second to resume stroking the side of Onix’s face, before looking back at the screen. “I want … File D.”

For the first time, there were voices in the room. Confused voices. 

“File – what?”

“What did he say he wants?”

“What the hell is file D?”

“What is this?”

The president continued to hold the man in the screen in an iron hard stare, while the rest of the men in the room whispered to each other.
 
The defense minister stepped forth at last, addressing the man in the screen. 

“Listen,” he said, with the air of someone pushed beyond his usual borders of calm. “We would love to give you what you want -”

“So would Onix,” said the man, scratching the boy’s neck with his creepy, long fingernail.

“-but you need to speak out. What the hell is file D?”

The man continued to gaze at the defense minister for a curious second, before his eyes carried back to the centre. To the president. 

“Mr. president, I suggest you begin listening to reason. Because first…” His hands enclosed tighter around the boy’s neck, his sharp black fingernails piercing the poor kid’s flesh. The president winced, watching beads of red ooze from the boy’s neck. “There will be blood. And then,” He turned to gaze down the line of seats. The rest of the men tightened their grip around their Sparklers. Getting ready to fire anytime now. “there will be fireworks.”
 
The president stepped forward, mustering every ounce of calm residing in him.

“I’m asking one last time,” he said, his own face inches before the holographic screen. They were inches apart from each other now. Lunatic terrorist, and politician leader. “What – do – you - want?”

He stared into the man’s blank eye sockets … and the man gazed back just as unflinchingly, unmoving. He didn’t have eyes … But he could see. 

Ignoring the tingle of horror, the president kept focus.

“What do you want?” he repeated softly. 

“File D.” 

The man’s hands tightened around the unconscious boy’s throat. His fingernails dug deeper into his flesh and the beads of blood trickled down his neck. Some of the ministers made sounds of disgust and repulsion, and some of them pleaded with the man. But his soulless black sockets didn’t move from the president’s. And he seemed oblivious to the rest of the members of the office … 

The president let silence hover between them, his eyes boring into the black abyss that formed the man’s eyes… 

There’s no other way, The realization gave way inside of him, and a twisting sensation occurred in his gut. This will cost us … but it’s the only way.

“I have what you’re looking for. I have file D.” he said, a bare whisper escaping his lips. “And I shall send it. Now let these innocent people go. We’ll have the file sent digitally.” 

The rest of the room had their eyes strapped onto the president. Some of them had their mouths slightly ajar, looking stunned. Most of them looked confused, puzzled at what was going on. But the president would have time to explain later. 

File D…

He took a deep breath, and forced down his guilt. But he knew there was no other way. He would not stand by and watch innocent civilians die for it… 

“I’ll have it sent to this z-com through which you’ve called me.” repeated the president. “And then, you leave those people in peace.”

“Good choice.” The man said, giving a mild nod.

The screen disappeared, and a piercing silence fell over the room.

“Wait, so there is a–a file D?” began the defense minister. 

“File D…” the president repeated, feeling the words he uttered scald his throat slightly. He slowly turned and faced the rest of the office, all of whom had their eyes locked onto him.  

“Where do we begin?” he said softly. “First off … let’s hope that the Naxim ever forgives me for this.”

__________


The holographic screen hung right atop Zardin’s z-com, showing the rate of file transfer: 

99% OF FILE TRANSFERRED

“And one percent later,” said Zardin, holding the z-com higher, so that its screen rose along with it. “The world would be a changed place…” 

He stood inside of the air hostesses’ room with his men standing around him, all of them looking into his screen, waiting…

And then the display on the screen changed:

TRANSFER COMPLETE

Zardin slowly lowered the z-com, and its holographic screen dissolved into thin air. He pocketed the device, and strode out into the large hall of the cruiser, drawing in a deep, clean breath of air. Then, he gave a wide glance about the large hall, and exhaled. “Mission accomplished.”

The words struck a thrilling effect on the large hall: the rest of the suited men looked at Zardin with a new fervour in their faces.

“That was rather easy, my lord.” commented one of them, permitting give Zardin a mild bow. 

“Yes, a little bit of persuasion usually yields results.” Zardin glanced down the hallway, with the unconscious passengers’ heads slackened on either side. “And my ways of persuasion are the finest of all, aren’t they?”

“Always are.” one of them said. 

“File D…” Zardin wandered into thought for a moment, and there was a new spark in his every thought now that they had achieved it. Achieved success in the second stage of this crucial journey. “File D was a top secret file held by the Naxim … classified above top secret, as matter of fact. A file they had branded as the single most classified file in existence. It had been recently handed to the president of the planetary republic of Dragor for safekeeping. The president was to maintain utter secrecy regarding the existence of the file. Nobody, not even the rest of his office, could know.” He gave an amused laugh. “It’s too bad all those efforts in keeping the file safe went to complete waste.”

The men laughed cruelly. 

“Now that our task here is done,” Zardin said. “Let’s leave while fate allows it.”

“How?” one of them asked, glancing out the windows by the side of the hall. 

“Like any other large vessel, this cruiser has escape pods. We leave on one of them.” Gesturing for the men to follow, Zardin strode down the hall. His men gathered and fell in line behind him as he briskly strode down the hall. Together, they reached the hatch where the cruiser had its emergency escape shuttles. They boarded one of the small escape pods and left the cruiser, shooting down the abyss of space. 

Inside the escape pod, Zardin stood in the middle of the small circular room, while the rest of the men had seated themselves around it. 

File D is now in our hold, Zardin thought. And soon … there won’t be a thing that isn’t. He drew the z-com from his pocket and held it for a second, feeling as though his hands were casing a revered, priceless treasure: Hidden within the depths of his z-com, was now the instrument for building another world … and tearing down this one. And it had been something Zardin and the men had long sought. 

“What’s the next step, if I may ask, lord?’ asked one of the men.

“There is one final thing we need.” answered Zardin. “One final thing that needs to be done … And I will attend to this personally.”

The other cloaked figures nodded, observing the respectful silence that they usually did when facing their leader. 

“Oh, and speaking of last things,” said Zardin, smiling as he reached into his pocket. “Here’s a parting present to our beloved friends.” He pulled out a familiar small device with a red button on it. And he pressed the button. 

__________


Cruiser 802 exploded with a radiant blast of orange that devoured miles of black space around it. The collected debris that was the cruiser went scattering across space for miles across,spreading its fiery remains all over…






5




The ground rose and fell sharply in a harsh, rocky terrain.

Crouching low beneath one of the outgrowths on the land were two figures clad in deep blue robes. Their faces were wrapped with a black scarf, leaving a mere strip open for their eyes. The two of them sat hidden behind the large rock, scanning the distance beyond them. It had taken Qyro and Vestra almost half an hour or so to reach here. A journey between planets within the inner spectrum might have taken nothing more than a few feeble minutes. But a journey from the outer spectrum, to a planet in the inner spectrum would require at least half an hour. Farnor, the planet the Nyon hid in, lay at the beginning of the outer spectrum. If it had been deeper into the outer spectrum, this journey could have even taken hours.

The two of them were now sitting less than a few miles from their destination. Their hover boards lay on the ground behind them, while they peered across the rocky lands. To any stray dweller, nothing would have been visible except for the horizon. But to them and their powerful mystical eyesight, there was more out there, across the lands they were now gazing at. They could trace the faint edges of the buildings that rose in the village, sprouting against the horizon far beyond. Their target village. The rebel controlled village. It could be made out very faintly. They estimated the distance between where they sat crouched now, and the village, to be nothing more than three miles. 

“Well, we’re here.” said Qyro. “Let’s not keep the rebels waiting, shall we?”

“Absolutely not.” said Vestra.

And the two of them sprang forth and dove into a high speed, cross country sprint towards their destination. The completely unsuspecting village.


As soon as they had arrived at the border of the village, they knew. Something was not right…

The entire place was immersed in the strangest, gloomiest silence. 

“What the hell’s goin on?” whispered Qyro, looking at Vestra. “If I didn’t know better, I’d say this was a cemetery, and not a village. Why’s everything so quiet?”

The two of them edged by the back of the wall of the first house that came in sight, inside of the village as they entered it. 

Vestra let her head twist around beyond the wall backing her, and ran her eyes down the completely deserted lane that came ahead of them. 

Qyro continued looking ahead. And he thought he saw a figure in a long white cloak strolling down a nearby lane … and he also thought he saw a Sparkler in the man’s hands.

“Err, Vestra-”

But she silenced him with an upshot hand, continuing to peep out from behind the wall. Qyro gulped, trying to ward off a growing anxiety. It felt as though the entire situation had loosened all reins of predictability it could have had. 

Vestra continued to silently gaze across the street behind the house. Finally, she turned back and took in a deep, steadying breath. 

“The village’s been put on curfew.” she breathed into Qyro’s ear. 

“Curfew?”

 “Yeah,” replied Vestra. “The rebels don’t look like they afford their villagers alotta freedom…” Her voice roughened with anger. “Leave alone taking over their homes, and making them all hostages.”

“If the place’s in curfew,” said Qyro slowly, feeling a rising sense of panic. “Doesn’t that mean our job’s gonna be … slightly harder? How the hell are we gonna get in and get out of here, without alerting these madmen watching over the curfew?”

“See those guys in long white cloaks walking around?” said Vestra, extending her arm to point down the street beyond them. 

Qyro saw one of them, the white cloaked men, striding by down almost every street. All of them were holding Sparklers and masked.

“Yeah, I see ‘em.” said Qyro, his eyes shrunken to slits as he surveyed them. The figures wandering around at the distance. “They’re probably the rebels controlling the town. The ones working for Razvol.”

Vestra nodded and said, “Yeah. And they’re the ones we’ve gotta keep ourselves off. The job’s done as long as we creep by without letting them see us.”

Qyro swerved around slowly to look at her. “This is a joke, right?” He turned back, watching the rebels stalk by each street, and made a quick calculation. “There’s probably a rebel to glance wherever we move every three seconds. This is impossible!”

Vestra seemed to be holding back the same fear. But when she spoke, the steel in her tone seemed to outweigh all fears. “Listen, this is not something we can back out on, Qyro, and you know it. We both know that there’s something a lot bigger than it appears going on. By the look of things, we’re carrying the weight of the entire world on our shoulders now. This task has to be accomplished.”

Qyro frowned, feeling the resolve in her voice reach him as well. “And so it is.”

“We can do this,” said Vestra, a sturdiness in her voice. “We have to.”

Qyro knew she was right. He took in a deep, panic quelling breath and looked sideways at her. “So what’s the plan?”

“Same one as always.” Vestra said, her black eyes sparkling. “Improvise.”

Qyro smiled. “The only plan that ever works.”

And the two of them slowly crept down the village, passing lane after lane without alerting the attention of any of the white cloaked, masked figures.

__________


Rambo tapped his Sparkler over one hand as he moved down the deserted village lane, his eyes peeled for movement. Of any sort. His job, as a member of his rebel organisation, was to ensure that the villagers were kept under their well restrained leash. As a person working for Razvol, he had learned to guide himself ruthlessly over the years, just as the rest of their entire squad had to, if they wanted to survive. 

He knew that this hour of curfew was the one where villagers were most likely to be spotted moving about. And that was when the fun began, for the rebels. Finding villagers lurking about during curfew was a source of gleaming joy for the rebels … That was the very reason they were here. Because they thrived a living out of bullying other innocent people, to get what they wanted.

As he reached the end of the lane his path crossed with another cloaked rebel, who paused for a moment as the two of them met. 

And then, with a nod through his mask, the other one said, “Found anyone?”

Rambo recognised the voice of his fellow rebel, Dariaz. “Found any villagers breaking curfew, you ask?” He shook his head. “Not yet.”

“Keep your eyes peeled for the alleyways.” Dariaz informed him. “That’s where we usually find them hiding.”

Rambo knew he was right: it was common to find the villagers hiding behind dustbins in dark alleyways. Where they think they escape the rebels’ watch. How very foolish of them. 

The two of them strolled down his lane, talking. 

“You know,” said Dariaz slowly, an edge of uncertainty in his voice. “The boss … seems kinda off his nerves lately.”

Rambo snapped his head around, knowing that this was no topic to be taken lightly for discussion. The boss. Razvol. He was kept as a sealed segment of discussion, and conspiring or talking trash against him was indeed very badly punished. Razvol scared the wits out of everyone in the village. Not only the villagers here, but his own men as well. The rebels too knew enough of him to know not to break any of his ground rules. 

But as Rambo studied what he had heard, he felt a veil of fear driven silence break apart in front of him…

He realised that he had been feeling the very same way off late: Razvol truly did seem out of his nerves lately. And now, hearing someone else among the rebel squad voice it, he realised that it hadn’t been his own imagination: something really was up with their steely leader all of a sudden. 

“You’re right…” he said slowly. “I thought he was too.”

Dariaz turned, and Rambo could sense the gleam of a satisfied smile beneath his mask, now that the two of them were agreeing to open the borders on something that had been closed by convention. 

“Yeah,” Dariaz said a little more loudly, nodding. “He keeps to himself - that is to say, more than usual.”

Rambo uttered an amused chuckle. “More than usual. Yeah. True.” 

“I think something’s been happening off late, don’t you?” 

“What do you mean?” Rambo gave a glance down every alley as he passed, to make sure there weren’t any villagers hiding beneath the garbage cans as they usually did during curfew time. “What’s been happening?”

Dariaz sent a well rounded look about them, before turning to Rambo with his voice lowered. “There was this strange attack, I heard, in this planet, Tansof. And I heard it involved,” His voice dropped even softer, a bare hiss. “involved … mystics.”

Rambo gave a slight start and spun to face his comrade “Gosh! Don’t say that word, would you?”

Dariaz nodded fervently. “I know … that word gives me the shivers too. We’ll just call them … The freaks. The M freaks.” His voice fell back to a bare whisper again. “Anyway, the attack seemed to involve-”

“Hang on, hang on just a second – there’s a villager behind that dustbin in that alley, I can see him hiding.”

“What?”

The two of them turned and entered the alley by the right, and sure enough, there was the undistinguished shadow of a villager stirring behind it. 

“Come out, pal!” yelled Rambo, raising his gun. “You’re cornered and over. Who are you?”

The rubbish can suddenly toppled forward. And behind it, Vestra and Qyro stood with blazing swords in their hands. 

 “We’re the freaks,” said Vestra.

“The M freaks.” smirked Qyro. 

Without warning, the two of them pounced…

And before Dariaz or Rambo knew it, the two of them were pinned to the ground by the two blue robed figures. 

“What - what do you want?” gasped Rambo, struggling to speak as the boy’s hand clamped his mouth shut hard. By his right, he could feel Dariaz trying to shake off the other figure who kept him pinned down, hard.

The boy sitting over Rambo bent down, breathing into his ear, “Oh, we just want a favour from the two of you. A little favour.”

__________


Two white robed, masked figures had stormed into an alleyway a minute back, under the presumption that they had found a villager breaking curfew hiding behind the garbage can. Now, the two white robed, masked figures came striding out of the alleyway, a new grace and power in their stride as they slowly walked down the same lane. 

They reached the end of the lane that they were supposed to be monitoring, and halted. One of them nudged the other by the ribs.

“What?” Vestra hissed, her eyebrow rising beneath the mask of her rebel disguise. 

“Which way now?” asked Qyro. “Where did they say Razvol lives?”

The two of them had pinned the two gullible rebels they’d drawn into that alleyway down. They had then squeezed out the valuable information from them - information of where their leader, Razvol resided. And then, knocking them unconscious, the two of them had stolen their cloaks and masks, disguising themselves with it. Now, with the quickly woven plan moving smoothly, they were beginning to feel slightly more confident.

“Where did they say Razvol lives in?” repeated Vestra, who turned and gazed at the distance across the small, one storey buildings that spawned down the lane. 
“We need to get to the tallest tower. That’s where he is.”

“Right.” said Qyro, in a measured whisper. “Let’s hurry, then.”

The lanes and streets seemed to press into them with an atmosphere of darkness and gloom. As they strode down, they were careful to avoid any other of the white cloaked rebels who were seen at almost every street. 

The village’s buildings were all tarnished, with a shabby, ill maintained air. The primitively laid brick structures ran along both sides of the street, rising no higher than two storeys. But the tower that they were heading towards could be seen clearly on the other side of the village. It was visibly the tallest tower in the village, sprouting like a pillar into the sky. 
 
Despite the thrill and urgency boiling within them, the two of them kept their pace steady and measured: they didn’t want their hastiness to give them away to the other rebels they passed about the place. But they couldn’t help letting their strides drag them an ounce or two faster as they started approaching the tower. 

“This is probably gonna be easier than we imagined.” said Qyro hopefully.

“Don’t count your eggs before they’ve hatched.” warned Vestra. “The last thing we need is for something to go wrong because we let our guards down.”

Qyro gave a nod. “Of course.”

Less than a minute later, they were almost at the tower. The street they were now striding down was lit stronger than the ones away from the tower, with the streetlamps on either side casting a brighter, more menacing glow over the lane. 

Qyro and Vestra kept their gazes steadily fixed over the tower. It could now be seen towering over the entire village, establishing its supremacy over it. It was at the very end of the lane they were now walking through, its entrance seen faintly less than a hundred metres before them.

Vestra broke her pace, slowing slightly to throw a glance backwards. Just in case they were being followed. But the street, for the entire distance it could be seen through, was empty. The two of them reached the entrance of the large tower and halted for the breadth of a moment. 

“Well, here we go.” Qyro said, as the two of them lingered at large double door of the tower for a second. 

Vestra gathered her composure with a quick breath, and then pulled the double doors open. 

A sudden blinding light …  A brutal electric pain … Vestra faintly felt herself fly backwards gracefully, and slam over the cold ground beneath, before darkness enclosed her completely…

His mind reeling, Qyro gaped at Vestra lying sprawled on the ground, before twisting head around towards the door again. A pack of rebels came streaming out of the doors and stood surrounding him and Vestra’s body…

For a second that seemed to compress a few centuries, Qyro let his gaze travel over the batch of rebels around him, all of them standing with their Sparklers aimed.

The realisation hit him with a pounding force: they had been discovered. 

Fiery panic surged up within him. 

As the men raised their Sparklers, a second or two away from firing, Qyro felt everything vacuumed from his mind. Without the nudge of a conscious thought, he ripped his cloak off and had his sword unsheathed. 

A dazzling orange flash immersed the scene as he lit his sword, and as one, the rebels stumbled backwards in the sudden blinding light. As they regained their stance, he had already sent his sword cutting down three of them. The others slowly repositioned their guns and sprayed jets of blue light at him, which he swirled his sword around to block and cut off. But Qyro knew his chances were dwindling. There were almost a dozen of them. Against only one of him. 

Thrusting out the hopeless feeling, he launched over them. His sword swiped the air, making a clean cleave across two of their torsos. Twisting about just in time to cut off another jet of light sent at his chest, he dodged another, sidestepped and then sent one of the men on his right soaring with a blow from his fist. 

There were only nine of them now. Qyro spun his sword in a wild frenzy, cutting off the jets of light spewed at him. The tiniest gaps in the flow of their shots fell, and Qyro grabbed hold: he started forward, sent his sword slashing through two of them ahead, and then rammed his elbow into the masked face of a third, who was sent flying back. 

Fighting to keep himself from faltering, he rounded on the six remaining ones, blocking their shots with his mystical speed undiminished. But he knew it was of no use … He knew he couldn’t hold them off long. 

He managed to slice apart a final of the rebels before one of their shots slipped right past his defense and smote him in the elbow … A red hot pain erupted and he felt every nerve in his arm jammed, unable to move. The very next second, another jet of blue had clipped his sword by the handle, and had sent it twirling into the air. Qyro closed his eyes for the last jet of blue which took him squarely by the chest… 

For the meanest second, through the pain blasting out across in his chest, Qyro sensed himself lifted off the ground … He could feel his body soar over behind, as everything around went fuzzy, dream like … The world had dissolved into darkness before his body hit the ground. 






6




Somewhere far, far away, a man in a black cloak stood icily still, his mind attuned to a laser like focus. A man whose eyeless, dark sockets would have made even the toughest man’s skin crawl with horror as they gazed into them. 

Zardin was now standing in a completely new environment, one that was very different from any other place he had been to. This new place he was now in he was now in was scarcely illuminated by the faintest trickle of light. To any ordinary person’s eyes, it would have been too dark to see much at all. But to Zardin’s inner vision, which was his weapon of sensing his surroundings despite having no eyes, the picture of the place he was in was crafted to the finest clarity.

He had journeyed here, alone, for the one last task they needed to get accomplished. 

And this was a relatively easy task … all he needed to do now, was to patiently wait. And everything would fall in place by itself. 






7




After fighting force one and Vonayz, Ion had gotten to his hover bike and had zoomed off to the very opposite side of the planet, aiming to place as much distance as possible between them. The rest of the moon was almost as uninhabited as a planet in the outer spectrum, but Ion had managed to scout out a small city amidst the rough terrain. This city, though not entirely like the earlier one he had been to, had portions of it left stranded. Buildings left almost completely deserted. It was easy for him to find a small, unused apartment waiting for him in one of the abandoned buildings. The flat was a mere room, with nothing more than a broken bed and a table beside it. 

Lying on the broken bed, Ion gazed through the glass door of the balcony opposite to him. Located on a higher floor than usual, he could see the wide expanse of black that filled the night skies out the balcony. The sky boded a tint of green, a lingering effect of the atmosphere of this planet.

His sword lay by the table on his right, sheathed. Ion was trying to wrench his mind from it. The heated meeting that had fallen between him and another unexpected nemesis of his, just minutes earlier on. Absently gazing out the balcony’s glass door the whole time, he felt his thoughts wheel back over the duel they had, and his deadly close escape. The old anger was still pulsing within him, driving fresh waves of enmity through him. But there was a different emotion, mingled with his anger and hatred this time. 

He was surprised by what he had just learned…

Force one. Mystic hunters. 

The fact that Vonayz, his deadly enemy, was now commanding an entire army of mystics was rather intriguing.  

As Ion lay on the bed, fatigue gathered over hours pressed upon him. Hours of panicking, fighting and fleeing took a toll on his mind, so that it drooped with a slow drowsiness. 

He relinquished everything, all worries, all tensions, as he rolled over on the broken cot, and fell into an unbroken, mesmeric sleep… 

__________


For what could have been hours, nobody spoke. Every voice in the room was stumped by what they had just heard.

About fifteen suited men sat around the board table. Some of them had their arms folded, while others kept them over the table, their fingers flexing consciously in a display of anxiety. All of them wore grave, intense looks. They stared emptily for a long time before a voice cracked the stiff silence with a question:

“They blew up an entire cruiser?” asked a man in a black suit, spinning around on his chair to look to look at their leader. Standing ahead of the table with his arms folded in front, Evander nodded. 

Another one drew in a deep breath and said, “And exactly where did the attack happen?”

“Somewhere at the border of cluster 32.” replied Evander, unfolding his arms and placing them on the table before. 

“And this is the second attack in a row, you say?” said another of the suited men, his posture stiffening as he looked at Evander. “Did you say the first was an attack at the planet Tansof, to the Mech laboratory?” 

Evander nodded again.

Another rigid silence fell over the room. The Naxim’s high council sank back to their grave ponderings. They all seemed to be quietly weighing the scale of catastrophe, their faces mirrors of the same dread and anxiety. 

Just minutes back, news had hit Evander of a fresh attack by the same mystics responsible for the earlier one at Tansof … But this time, it was different. This time, it was far worse. They had blown an entire cruiser up. 

Evander had immediately called a meeting of the Naxim’s high council, the entity governing the entire organization. For he had realised that the situation had soared well beyond limits. 

Their world was now under attack. 

Evander heaved a silent breath, bringing himself back to focus. “We have a picture of the mystic, from the video conference he held with the president of Dragor.”

He walked forward and tapped a central spot on the board table. A large sized holographic screen materialised over it, rotating slowly for the entire boardroom to see. A face stared out of the screen, frozen. It was the very same face Evander had seen in the earlier picture, taken at Mech laboratory. Only now, it was like having the face brought half to life on screen…

The man was standing right in front of the screen, with an evil grin upon his pale face. He seemed to be in one of the hallways of the cruiser, and lines of sleeping - or unconscious - passengers could be seen behind him. The man’s long black hair parted to reveal a colourless, pale face. With eyeless, blank sockets that gazed out. A set of razor like teeth were exposed as he smiled. 

Everything about him seemed unnatural. Twisted.

“Do we have any idea where they are now?” asked one of the councillors, after the sharp effect left by the picture had faded.

Evander heaved a deep sigh, and then shook his head. “We thought we did. But  we’ve been proved wrong. We had not a clue of where they were, and of where they are as of now.”

Derigor, who sat opposite to where Evander stood, tapped on the table gently. 

“Now we know they’re after something.” he said, looking about the room. “These attacks - the one at Mech laboratory, and the cruiser … they are carrying these attacks with some intention behind them. They’re after something and we need to need to know what that is.”

“But the more important question,” said another of the councillors, his voice heavy with foreboding. “is what next?” He brought his gaze to the picture hovering over the table, with the eyeless man. 

“That’s very right.” Evander said quietly. “I don’t think this is the last of what we’re going to see of them. And we need to arm ourselves in preparation of what’s about to come next.”

A few of them nodded, while the rest of them continued to gaze at the picture rotating in the middle of the table, visibly unnerved. 

“The first thing we need to do,” continued Evander. “is to tighten all security parameters in the inner spectrum. We need Naxim ships patrolling each cluster, and conducting checks on all as many passing ships as possible.”

“Agreed.” said Derigor. “And in addition, we need to bring in high security protocols. In every cluster.”

“We’ll have to inform all of the planets of this threat,” said the man sitting beside Derigor. “And we have to get them alerted.”

Evander gave a firm nod. “Absolutely. The entire spectrum will need to be rigged into a state of high alert. We’ll need Naxim ships patrolling space inside each of the clusters, conducting checks on each passing ships. They’ll need to check every ship for mystical energy before letting them pass.”

“In that case,” said Derigor. “Every patrol ship needs to be armed with a mystical energy detector. To conduct checks on all passing ships.”

“That will be have to be arranged.” said Evander, nodding. He held his gaze over the pale face on the screen, as it rotated towards him… 

This was the worst possibly situation any Naxim leader could have asked for. And it had found him. Evander steeled himself, shaking off the thought. Whatever happened, Evander would not yield to self pity … he had far more important things to weigh on his mind. 

He looked about the boardroom, nodding. 

“Gentlemen,” he said, with the air of bringing a stern, impacting closure. “We are now at war. The worst threat we have faced in centuries … possibly even millennia, has risen once more, to haunt us again. And we need to arm ourselves in preparation of whatever lies ahead. Because if we don’t act now, nothing will ever be the same again.”


As the council disbanded, Evander and Derigor hung back in the large room. Evander had a printed copy of the black faced mystic produced, which he handed to Derigor. 

“When you return home,” he told Derigor. “try to pitch in a call to all the intelligence networks that we’re in contact with. And get them working on this.”

Derigor surveyed the picture, which hadn’t lost an inkling of the menace it held on him. 

“All right,” he said, looking up at Evander again. This was the most massive threat the spectrum had faced … and the man standing in front of him was single handedly bearing its weight. A silent respect for Evander welled within Derigor. Smiling, he gave the high council’s admired leader a gentle pat on the back. 

“Don’t worry, old friend.” he assured him. “We’ll get through this.”

Evander smiled back, and some of the tension seemed to ebb from his face. “I sure hope we do.

__________


Derigor hover car glided serenely across the clouded skies, passing the large towers that rose to this height. Never in all of his days in the top ranks of the Naxim, had he faced something that seemed so overwhelming. Something that seemed to threaten the very order of the world itself. Since its beginning eight thousand years back, the Naxim had striven tirelessly to bring stability and peace to the world. By fighting off all the enemies of peace and justice. And mystics were their foremost and most deadly enemies in this regard. For eight thousand years, the Naxim and the states of the spectrum had worked together to cast out their most lethal threat, and ensure that it never arose again… 

And now, it seemed that all of their efforts were going to come crashing down over them. They had arisen once more. Mystics had returned once more to stir evil in the world once more. 

And the squirming Derigor felt at the pit of his stomach told him that they hadn’t seen the worst of their veiled enemy yet…

He felt a twinge of concern for his wife and son. Martha and Garen. Serving the Naxim had forced him to live away from his family, who resided in the planet Venijor, in cluster 43. It had been almost a month since he had last visited them. 

The hover car neared a large residential tower, bringing Derigor back to attention. As the car went streaking towards the tower, Derigor gradually slowed down. This was where he had found accommodation since working for the Naxim. The car gently floated in through one of the balconies and landed on the polished marble ground right outside the door to his apartment.

Derigor exited the car and strode over to the door, which slid open automatically to let him through. Pausing at the room’s entrance, Derigor flicked on the light by the side of the wall. 

And his eyes locked onto something that stood calmly in the middle of his room, apparently in wait of him.

“Hello there,” said Zardin, smiling. “I’ve been so eager to meet you, my good man.”

For a second, Derigor felt as though two words had just clashed … real and illusion. And he was now grappling to separate the two of them … for the evidence suggested that the creature they had seen in the picture earlier, the one responsible for the attack on the cruiser, was now standing right ahead of him in his house… 

Zardin slowly walked over towards him, his smile unfaltering. 

Raw horror and panic clutched Derigor to the spot. His brain gone numb, he stared as the man walked over to him and stroked his chin with his long, black fingernail. 

“What do you want?” he breathed, backing away towards the door. 

The man threw his head back and laughed. 

“I want the age,” hissed Zardin. “And in return … I give you a new one.”

Clutching both sides of Derigor’s head, Zardin rammed his forehead onto the man’s, who staggered and hit the floor. 

Zardin’s gaze settled over the Naxim official’s unconscious body for a few seconds. Then, he pulled the man’s body over his shoulder and strode out the door, which shut itself behind him as he walked through it. 






8




Tragedy upon tragedy…

With his hands behind his back, Mantra stared out the window of his room. The usual magnificence of the greenery outside seemed to hold no charm for him all of a sudden. 

A few minutes ago, word had reached him that Vestra and Qyro had failed. But more than the mission’s failure, it was the fate of their two young members that left Mantra stricken. A fate which he was responsible for. Vestra and Qyro were gone, because of his presumption. He had failed in his judgment.

The dead weight of guilt knotted around his insides, twisting them painfully. he knew that the consequences of this wrong decision was far more deadly, and more far reaching that it seemed …  the failure of Qyro and Vestra now left them in a terrible state. Terrible, and precarious. 

Mantra focussed on his breath as he walked, ensuring that his agitation was kept under check. We cannot lose control now … not now. 

The door of his room slid open, and a pair of feet scuttled inside from behind. Mantra knew who the entry was before he’d even turned around to face him.

“There’s something huge that’s just come up.” panted Galinor. His two short horns went amiss in his maroon hair, which lay slightly tousled from what looked like a mad sprint.  

“What is it?” asked Mantra, raising an eyebrow. “Just in case you haven’t noticed, we’re facing something huge by itself now. Vestra and Qyro failed … you have heard of that, I presume?”

“Forget that, Mantra!” said Galinor, a rush in his tone. “We’ve just got word of something that’s far bigger, far, far more important for us to attend to! And we’ve gotta attend to it now!”

Mantra stared. What could possibly be that important?  “What is it?”

Galinor heaved a deep, steadying breath. And then he told Mantra…


Mantra was not the type of person easily swayed by circumstances … but this was a circumstance that made a clear exception.   

“It can’t be…” he whispered, feeling stunned by what he had just heard. What Galinor had just told him. 

Galinor gave a sharp nod. “It is … and we need to attend to it now, Mantra.”

Mantra erased all else from his mind, gathering himself. Galinor was right … this really was big. Bigger than anything else that lay before them now. And it needed all their attention. Right now. 

He closed his eyes and took a split second to gather all the focus he had. 

“Well, what’re we waiting for?” he said, opening his eyes and looking at Galinor. “Let’s go, then.”

The two of them turned and bolted towards the door, which slid shut by itself as they passed. 






9




The screeching sound of his z-com was the one thing Ion hated most in the world. Especially if it interrupted him in his sleep. With a groan of displeasure, Ion sat upright slowly. He gave himself a second to let the haze of drowsiness clear. Then, digging his hand into his robe pocket, he produced his z-com that screeched relentlessly, with an incoming call. 

He tapped a spot on the metallic black skin of the small device to answer the call. It was a video call: A holographic screen grew out over the space over the z-com, staring out of which was a man. 

“The name’s Eryx,” said the man.

“And you’ve got the wrong number.” cut in Ion. “There’re only a couple of people who know I exist, and you ain’t one of them.”

His finger moved over the button to disconnect the call – 

“The Zelgron know you exist, though.” said Eryx. “Carcasar, their warlord, has known that you exist for quite long now. And he’s sent his Zelgron after you. They’re heading for you as we now speak.”

__________


The words took a few thick seconds to register in Ion’s mind.

“The Zelgron?” he spat. 

“The Zelgron.” Eryx nodded, smiling. “I trust you remember the name … Carcasar?”

Ion felt something flip within his stomach. 

“Who are you?” he breathed into the screen. “And what kind of sick joke are you trying to play here?”

“A joke, huh?” Eryx uttered a rough chuckle. “Ask yourself if that’s really true, kid.” 

He leaned closer to the screen, and lowered his voice so that it was just louder than a hiss. 

“Believe me or not, you’re in trouble, kid. And what I’m trying to do, is I’m trying to help you. But it’s your call, whether or not you wanna believe me, and take my help. You wanna turn a deaf ear to me, be my guest … But when the black cloaked creatures reach your apartment, you might feel slightly different.” He must have read the terrified look on Ion’s face for he added, “That’s right - they’re on their way to that apartment you’re in right now.”

“Who are you?” demanded Ion, ignoring the icy sensation within him. “And why’re you so keen to share this with me in the first place?”

Eryx gave Ion a flat stare. “Listen, we don’t have time for this now. I’ll let you know everything when you get down here. You need to meet me where I am now, and I can get you outta this alive. I’m your only way out of this. You’re gonna have to trust me. And believe me when I tell you that you can’t do this alone: you can’t outrun them. They aren’t the same type you met years back.”

“What do you mean?” asked Ion, who could feel his pulse rising. 

Eryx shook his head. “They’re not the brutes of the sort you met two years ago … Carcasar’s sent his very best. His most lethal. They’ll be on your tail wherever you go. They’re as intelligent as man beings themselves … If you don’t trust me, you’ll see them approaching your building from out the balcony anytime now.”

Ion turned and sprinted out the balcony with the z-com held in one hand.

“That’s not what I meant! You’re supposed to leave before you see them arriving, kid!” yelled Eryx, rolling his eyes on the screen by Ion’s right.

Ion was peering down the lane out his balcony, his eyes narrowed. He scanned the entire place, trying to find any black cloaked, hooded creatures sprinting towards his building from anywhere.

“I don’t see them.” he said finally. 

Eryx slapped his forehead. “I suggest you don’t wait until you do!”

Without taking his eyes off the view of the ghost city outside, Ion nodded. “All right. You say you can … save me from this, huh?”
 
Eryx nodded. “I can.”

“All right,” Ion said, trying to slow his breath down. “Where do I meet you?”

“Ask for Narcis point.” said Eryx. “Its a few miles from where you’re at. Get there by foot. Don’t stop anywhere. And leave before you wanna see them arriving.” he added, as Ion continued to look out the balcony. 

Ion slowly turned and looked at the face in the screen. 

“Fine,” he told Eryx. “I’ll be there.”

Eryx nodded, and the screen faded. 

Ion pocketed his z-com, his eyes automatically jumping out the balcony again. 

For almost three or so whole minutes, he peered down the many streets, trying to see if he could spot any black cloaked, hooded figure coming down them towards his building. But he saw nothing. 

They aren’t anywhere near yet … it’s not too late. he concluded at last, feeling some of the panic drain within him. Turning around, he strode back into the room of the apartment.

And standing inside the room were six black cloaked, hooded figures, standing as still as stone.

The Zelgron were already here.






10




Time seemed to suddenly go sluggishly slow, as Ion gaped at the creatures for what felt like a few eternities. In the darkness of his room, nothing could be seen of the terrible features etched below their hoods. All of them stared at him in a thundering silence … and Ion stared back, his blood frozen.

Then, without the press of a conscious thought, he turned and dashed back into the balcony. Before he knew what he was doing, he had thrown himself over the balcony edge, and found himself in a graceful mid air soar…

His body was sucked downwards by the concrete, earthen floor, which came racing up at a mindless speed. 

Crawling seconds towards an imminent, painful death, Ion felt everything slow down. His mind went granite in focus. With clarity like never before. He summoned a steady gush of his mystical powers to make his body sway to the right as he soared down, closer to the building nearby. As the edge of a balcony rushed up, Ion threw his arm out with split second precision: not a fraction of a second too late, his arm latched around the wall of the balcony. His fall broken suddenly, his body clashed against the building’s wall. His arm, latched around the wall, almost snapped at the sudden break of his fall. 

He took a fleeting second to re gather his breath, his blood racing. Then, climbing onto the balcony of the building, Ion darted into the room. He paused at the room door for a fleeting glance back, and as his vision relayed to him, his heart froze: The Zelgron had reached the balcony in one giant leap from the nearby building, and were straightening up from the heavy landing.

Turning back, Ion fuelled every ounce of energy into his legs as they propelled him through the wrecked house, out its door and into the long balcony outside in a senseless sprint. He knew that the Zelgron had speeds that fell close to even mystics’, but something told him the six he was now dealing with were not the ordinary type he had faced years ago … they were far more powerful: as their leap between the two buildings passed Ion again, panic coursed through him like an electric surge. 

Reaching the end of the balcony, he dived down the half torn staircase. As he arrived halfway down the building, he could hear the heavy padding of footsteps above him. Without looking up to see where his pursuers were in the flight of stairs, Ion hurled himself to the bottom of the building from the stairs at the second storey. A heavy thud sounded as he landed on all fours. Picking himself up hurriedly, he tore down the deserted night’s lane, which lay veiled with layers of murky white fog. Desperate, Ion sent his gaze running along both sides of the street in an attempt to find aid of any sort. 

Swerving in path, he dashed towards the side of the line of buildings, where lay a large parking lot. With a small group of hover bikes and cars, most of which were visibly wrecked. Spotting a hover bike that wasn’t, Ion ran over and jumped over it. This was a trick he had done before: using his mystical powers, he altered the interior switches keeping the bike locked. And as the lock broke and the bike revved to life, he shot his gaze back down the lane. The Zelgron came racing down the lane towards the field, their horrid faces hidden beneath their hoods. 

The bike jumped off the ground with a dry, lurching sensation, turned and shot off into the air. As Ion rose higher and higher from the ground, he felt relief like never before rush through his insides. 

It’s over. he thought, his insides unclenching. I’m saved.

But the glance he threw back stripped him of all relief and joy in that very instant: The Zelgron had managed to break into one of the hover cars, and were now sailing through the air right behind him. Ion felt shock and alarm break out within him. 

“They’re not the brutes of the sort you met two years ago.” Eryx had warned him. “Carcasar’s sent his very best. His most lethal. They’ll be on your tail wherever you go. They’re as intelligent as man beings themselves…”

Ion inwardly cringed, realising that he should have taken Eryx’s word for it the very moment he had told him this. He sent another glance back. The hover car was tailing behind him, about a twenty metres’ gap between the two of them. Turning back, Ion spun the throttle harder. The bike shot forth with an electric jolt, splitting the air with a new fury. It passed towers higher than the rest of the buildings with a deadly speed. The scrambled maze of the city, more than thirty metres beneath, soared back speedily. 

As the roar of the bike’s engine drowned out everything else from his mind, Ion turned back for the second time. And as he did, his hold on the throttle automatically loosened, allowing the bike’s speed to dropped slowly: the Zelgron’s hover car had fallen too far behind to make out, melting behind the haze enveloping the entire city. Ion took advantage of the large gap between them to make an unnoticed diversion: he dived lower into the maze of structures and then cut left, gliding serenely between lines of buildings rising to three or four storeys on both sides. He turned back a final time, to find that the coast behind was just as clear: he had lost them. Or so he hoped. 

He slowed down and then took the bike through the balcony of one of the four storeyed buildings which were visibly abandoned. The bike gracefully soared through the large open balcony, which was spread over an elegant area. Ion allowed the bike to float to a stall by the side of the balcony, before sliding off and staggering into the flat through its broken door. 

Without even trying to stop himself, he stumbled and hit the floor of the large hall, where he lay panting for a few hazy seconds, his head spiralling.

__________


The memory of the six black cloaked, hooded fiends chasing him, almost catching him… 

Ion kept shooting glances out the balcony, terrified that the creatures might zoom in with the hover car and find him here. 

The shock of the realisation lingered within him: he had just seen the Zelgron drive a car! The very thought knocked off the boundaries of the world as he had known it, so that everything felt less safe than before … and he felt more vulnerable. Who knew what more they were capable of? Nothing at all felt certain anymore. 

Giving himself a minute to steady himself, Ion slowly rose and walked down the large hall. The ceiling and floor of the place were lined with cracks and seemed ready to fall apart anytime now. Like the earlier flat, the furniture were coated with what looked like dust gathered over years. He walked into one of the doors at the end of the room, and found himself in a hallway with dusty old portraits against the walls. 

As Ion continued to drift into hallway, pondering his next move, he felt a mild shudder run through the ground … accompanied by a gentle thud. 

Spinning around, Ion hurried out into the main hall…

And the six cloaked figures stood there, their outlines slightly blurred in the complete lack of light. They had parked their hover car outside on the balcony, apparently just having exited it. The shudder and the thud had been that of the car landing there.

An icy sensation swooped through Ion’s insides. 

And he now realised that he was right, as was Eryx: the Zelgron he was now facing weren’t anything at all like the bunch he had faced three years ago… they were far, far deadlier. And now, they were claiming what they’d come for. 

His hand flew to the handle of his sword before any of them made another motion. But the creatures stood there, completely unbothered, as he drew his sword and held it before them. 

So be it, then.

Drawing in a quick breath, Ion ignited his sword: the familiar bright orange glow consumed the blade. The sword’s orange light spread across the entire room, sweeping away the state of darkness it had slumbered in till now … And in the light of the room, Ion could see that beneath the hoods of the six cloaked figures, were the faces of completely normal men. Not Zelgron! 

All of them stared at him with exasperated, irritated looks on their faces. Mixed with a flicker of amusement.

“You can put that down,” the man in the centre said, pointing to Ion’s sword. “I have no idea why you’ve led us across this senseless chase halfway around the city, but it would be nice of you to stop now. My name is Mantra, and we’d like to talk to you.”






11




“For whatever reason you were running from us,” said another of the cloaked figures, an Iveling with maroon hair. “You can stop now, for heaven’s sake. We’re not with the authorities trying to arrest you for being a mystic. We’re mystics too.”

Ion found his bewilderment rising with every passing second. “You’re mystics?” 

He frowned, remembering their uncanny powers which seemed beyond that Zelgron could have knowably achieved. And he realised that it made complete sense. In either case, it bad been a little too bizarre to see Zelgron, half brutes as they were, driving a hover car. 

“Yes,” answered the elderly man called Mantra, who was standing right ahead of Ion. He was about two heads shorted than Ion. But a strange power, something transcending the limits of physical dominance, seemed to resonate from him and his calm white eyes. He had a trimmed, white moustache and beard, with the last of his thin white hair on his partially bald head falling loosely over the back of his shoulders. “But not everyday mystics.” 

He exchanged a look with the maroon haired Iveling.

“We come from the brotherhood of Nyon.” said the maroon haired man.  

Ion found himself floating out his body, as he tried to process this. The prize among the surprises of the day… 

“Nyon?” His voice left him as a shrill gasp. “The brotherhood of Nyon?”

His widened eyes darted from the maroon haired man to Mantra, the short elderly one in front of him. 

“So you’ve heard of us.” concluded the maroon haired man, nodding. “That makes things a lot easier.”

Ion let his gaze travel across the six cloaked men, all of whom were either middle aged or elderly. When he managed to get a firm grip on what he’d just heard, the shock was quickly overrun by a more powerful emotion: confusion.

“And … did you say you needed me?” he asked slowly. 

The six of them nodded as one. 

Ion stared. 

“Exactly what for?” he asked, perplexed. “What could the ancient brotherhood of Nyon want with me?”

A sad smile crossed Mantra’s face. 

“The ancient brotherhood of Nyon.” he repeated softly. “First off, son … we aren’t whatever you’ve heard of us. Not anymore we aren’t. There was a time when the brotherhood was what it was meant to be … during the days of the empire of Sirengard. But now,” He shook his head, a heaviness in his voice. “We’re nothing more than a shadow of our earlier might and prowess: we have been diminished to a very weakened state, following the Naxim’s iron hard stand against mystics. As a matter of fact, it’s rather surprising that we’ve even managed to survive this long.

“Among the scarce mystics found in hiding today, very few want to serve us. In the current, heated anti mystic atmosphere we hardly have new initiates joining us But we need initiates, to carry on our work. To keep our brotherhoood alive. And as a result, we understand that the situation demands action from our side. To ensure that we find new members and keep the Nyon alive … even if it survives as a mere ghost of its former grandeur.

“And so, over the years, we try to keep tabs on stray mystics whom we manage to tread upon. And when we do, if any of these stray mystics that we wander upon believe in the values and ideals that we do, we try garnering their support. Try winning them over to our side, to join us.” He stopped for a quiet sigh. “But it hasn’t been easy, Ion. We are dwindling, and will soon fade … and now is when our might, the might of the last remaining fragment of the age of Elderon, is required. Because there are dark forces like no other waiting to unleash over the spectrum. To plunge it to chaos forever. Now is the time where the world needs our help. But we ourselves need help, Ion. 

“Some time back, we found a certain stray mystic. He was a great, shining opportunity, one we’d been yearning for, for too long now. He was our primary target among the stray mystics. But we saw that he needed some time before he could answer our call. We needed to give him some time to grow. And so, we let him be for the time being, watching as he tended to things that fell to his prior importance, before tending to ours. But as we did, he slipped from our watch. Our primary target among the stray mystics. But fortunately, for it is nothing short of the greatest fortune that has granted us this, we managed to get a trace on him, and had him back on our radar just earlier on today. And we’re now standing before him, explaining ourselves for it.”

Ion had his stare fixed over Mantra many long seconds after he’d finished. He needed to work through a daze to digest and absorb what he had just heard. They’ve been watching me… 

“You said you found this certain stray mystic, who was your primary target,” he said at last. “But you didn’t really elaborate how. Exactly how did you manage to find me? Or that I was a mystic?”

Mantra held his eyes for a moment, and the hint of a smile touched his lips. “Vestra.”

“Who?” asked Ion. 

“We’re assuming you remember the person who saved you from the Zelgron two years back?” asked the maroon haired man, stepping forward beside Mantra.

Ion’s gaze went far off for a moment, as the memory caught up with him. And as it did, in a jolt everything added up to make complete sense. 

The girl… He thought. The one who saved me from the Zelgron…

He looked at Mantra, stunned. “The Nyon … it was you! You were the mystic crime fighters that she said she was working for.” The thought that that young woman he had met had been a member of the Nyon left him momentarily overwhelmed with shock. 

Mantra nodded slowly, his smile growing. “Yes, Ion. We were the ones who had sent Vestra to where she had met you. And the mission we had sent her for, was to bring down the Zelgron warlord, Carcasar.” A quiet darkness crept into his voice. “It was a point of time when we learnt that Carcasar had turned into a very deadly nemesis. He posed a new danger for us, and we knew we needed to stop him for it. And so, we sent one of our own for it. And for the reason that she had undertaken that mission … you are still alive.”

“But she didn’t take down the Zelgron warlord.” Ion pointed out. “He’s still alive.” Tragically.

The maroon haired man shook his head. “Yes, she didn’t take him down. And the reason for that would be you. Vestra was sent to take him down as a stealth mission, without getting their attention. She was meant to secretly slip into their group and bring them down. And she would have done so if she had not decided to instead have an innocent person they were brutally attacking saved. By doing so, she gave her position away. It was a choice she took at that moment.”

“Galinor’s right.” said Mantra. “She decided to abandon the mission for the sake of saving you. The mission had been lost, but we had gained something else. Vestra accomplished something else from her failed mission: she found a stray mystic whom she thought might prove to be a good ally for us, someone she thought may be of great aid to us sometime in the future, if given the right input. And so, we decided to keep a tab on him, to see if we would be able to bring him around to join us.”

“But you said that you then lost track of me,” said Ion, frowning. 

“We did.” said the Iveling, Galinor. “And it’s not at all out of the usual. Our contacts and our intelligence slips past us in the weakened state we’re in: we can’t do much in the heavily prosecuted state that we’re now in.”
 
“So how’d you find me now?”

“It was an event that might have been seen as a curse by you,” said Mantra. “But as a pure blessing be us.”

“What?”

“If you’d remember,” said a Brownling with golden hair, who stood among the four others behind. “earlier on, the Naxim had discovered you, and tried chasing you down. In the planet Sacrogon.”

Ion nodded. “They had.”

The Brownling smiled. “Well, after that chase, you had somehow caught the attention of the Naxim’s high council, and their leader Evander himself.”

Ion, who was completely unaware that he had invoked such a high scale of seriousness in the Naxim, was slightly thrown. “I didn’t know that.”

“Well, you had.” said the Brownling. “The Naxim found you in their radar, and managed to get a track on you … and through them, we too, did. This seemingly disastrous event had proved to be a blessing in disguise.”

“You got a trace on me through the Naxim?” Ion felt his eyebrows rise. “How could you known stuff going on within the Naxim?”

“Because master Dantox here,” Mantra said, holding his thumb out to point to the Brownling, “has underground contacts with the Naxim, which give us a small insight into whatever’s happening with them … with the high council itself. It’s a very small insight, but enough for what we happened to find today: you. The Naxim’s discovery of your location had been a great boon to us, when we chanced by it.”

“The Naxim’s high council was alerted as to where you were,” explained the Brownling named Dantox. “They had a trace to your location. And we picked up that trace as well. And we realised that we had jut found a stray mystic whom we had lost track of earlier on. As soon as I had heard of the discovery, I had rushed to relay it to Galinor.”

“And we knew we needed to reach you as soon as possible,” said Galinor, nodding. “before you slipped out of Sacrogon’s neighbourhood. Because we knew the Naxim had placed a rigged state of alert around Sacrogon, its moons and its neighbours. And that gave as a faint idea as to where you could be, within this small region. And after force one attacked you, we knew you were here on this planet. After that, finding you wasn’t going to be a problem.”

Ion took a moment to chew all of this, before rounding his thoughts back to the initial, unanswered question. 

“All right,” he said slowly. “So what exactly do you need of me?”

The six of them were silent for a moment, all their eyes fixed steadily on him. Mantra heaved a deep breath and then spoke in a tone of heavy seriousness. 

“At this hour, we face a threat like no other. A storm is gathering. And if unleashed, it will devastate the entire spectrum in its relentless rampage. The feeble peace that our world has survived in for eight thousand years is now threatened. And as the last surviving fragment of the age of Elderon, we, the Nyon, need to act fast to stop it. To stop the Xeni.”

That one word registered in Ion’s mind with a smoting impact. 

“Xeni…” he breathed. And his mind raced two years back, to recall everything he had heard from Jedius. About the war that tore apart the empire … and the group of satanic mystics who were responsible for it. The Xeni, led by Redgarn … 

Feeling his expression turn horrified, he slowly looked at Mantra, who stood watching him just as calmly, as though waiting for the effect to take place.

“But, they’re gone.” he said, shaking his head slowly. “The Nyon destroyed Redgarn and his empire.” He looked from one face to the other, among the six cloaked men standing before them. “The Xeni … are supposed to be gone.”

“We wished they were,” said Dantox, giving a dry chuckle. “But evil does not erode from the world so easily.”

“As we have lingered in the spectrum, hidden, scraping off a bare existence,” said Mantra. “So have they. But while we tried to continue our brotherhood’s teachings and serve the world however we could … they have been biding their time, waiting for the ripe time to rear up and strike again. And that time’s now here.”

“And time has come for us to do what we must to stop them.” said Dantox. “To make sure they don’t finish what they started eight millennia back.” He drew in a slow breath. “Which is where you come in.”

“And exactly where do I come in, here?” asked Ion.

“At this grave stage,” said Mantra. “There is something we need to have procured. An object of dire importance, that may prevent whatever disasters await, in the making of the Xeni.”

He drew out his z-com and pressed a button on it. A holographic screen appeared over the device, showing a small pin like object. It seemed to be made of pure crystal.

Mantra lowered the device, speaking from over the screen: “We need to get hold of this object here before anything else.”

Ion was positively clueless: the object in the screen looked like some kind of glass splinter. How could it carry such a massive importance? “What in the world is that?”

Mantra held his gaze from over the screen, unblinking. “We’ll let you in on everything … after we’ve successfully gotten hold of it. You have my promise on that. But we can’t tell you anything now.”

He closed the screen and pocketed the z-com again. “Anyway, we need to acquire this, to put a stop to whatever madness is brewing in the hands of the Xeni. And this is what we need you for, son.”

“I’m pretty sure this is something any of your members could have accomplished.” said Ion. “Why’d you specially hunt me down for it?”

“Because this most certainly is not something any of our members could have accomplished.” said Mantra.

“The object is kept under the secured hold of this man known as Razvol,” explained Galinor, stepping forward beside Mantra. “He is a rebel and a terrorist leader, in control of a village that his forces have overrun, in a planet known as Radioc.” A shade of darkness came into his voice. “And this is where we need you.” 

He stopped with that, but Ion managed to find a thread of clues to lead him on with this. 

Radioc… 

He felt his brow tighten in a thoughtful frown. That’s the planet that’s number one in the Naxim’s priority list … It’s the most dangerous planet for a mystic to head into.

He looked at Mantra and said, “Let me guess … The Naxim has your entire brotherhood and all its masters marked in its hitlist. And it wouldn’t be sane for any of you to try entering the planet?”

Mantra nodded. “Precisely. The Naxim had found us in a raid they conducted many years back,” He spread both hands, gesturing to the five others standing along behind him. “All of our members were found and stamped in their major hitlist. And as you rightly said, if we tried entering their most deadly controlled planet it would be nothing short of suicide. As a result, we need to employ someone who may have a wider avenue of chance … even if it’s not too wide. We had two young students. These two had joined us recently, and thus, were not caught in the Naxim’s raid conducted years back. And so, we had sent them for this mission … but they didn’t come back.” A heavy sigh came between his words. “Now, there is nothing left within us. None of us can dare to accomplish this task, and we’ve lost the only two who could. And as a result, we now stand before an outsider and ask for his help. You may be a mystic, but you are not marked by the Naxim as we are. You are not in their hitlist as we are. We stand no chance at all. You do.”

Ion looked from Mantra to Galinor, to Dantox and then at the other three of the masters. He was inwardly bursting with shock and confusion. 

He knew that he had arrived at a turning point in his life: he was standing before messengers from the brotherhood of Nyon … and being asked to join them.

He didn’t need to think much … He had his answer ready right from the start. 

“No.”

The word caught in the air, hovering there for a long second, before letting its effect drain. 

The masters slowly looked at each other, their faces reflecting the same shock and disappointment. But Mantra watched Ion with the same calm look on his face … almost as though he had been expecting this. 

He nodded slowly. “If that is your choice.”

The other five threw Mantra a surprised look, clearly expecting him to press Ion. 

“Ion,” said Galinor quietly. “The spectrum’s facing a threat like nothing else before. A disaster like nothing else before. Are you going to stand by and watch as it swoops in and claims us all?”

“Son, we don’t pretend to know what your reasons are.” said Dantox. “But if we don’t stop them … if we don’t stop the Xeni now, whatever’s keeping you from joining us won’t be worth much to you at all.”

Another of the six masters, a thin elderly man, stepped forward. “If it really must cost you, then we would be willing to pay for your -”

“If it was money that kept me from doing the right thing,” cut across Ion. “then I wouldn’t be here, would I?”

“All right,” said another of the masters, holding his hands up. “Maybe not money, but we can get you to change your mind with something else in exchange-”

“Enough,” Mantra held up a firm hand, stemming the flow of pleas and negotiations from the other masters instantly. They fell back to respectful silence as their senior most member made his decision.  

“Ion has made his choice, and we would do well to respect it.” Mantra declared, his hand still raised. “Besides, forcing him to give us a half hearted favour would be no better, and of no better use than not having him help at all.” He gave Ion a warm smile. “Son, we understand that there are things in your life that none of us would be able to comprehend, and the reason for this is your own…” He turned to the five others. “Masters, I think we should leave.”

They all left their lingering stares on Ion for a moment, while he stared back, completely unperturbed. Then, without another word, the group of them turned and marched back to the open balcony behind. 

Mantra stood on the spot for a moment, his white eyes pinned over Ion for the meanest of moments. Then, he too turned and strode off. As Ion saw him walk off, he gave in to the impulse he’d been holding back all this while. 

“The girl you told me of…”

Mantra halted at the balcony door, slowly turning to face him again. 

“Vestra … that was her name, wasn’t it?” Ion could sense the brush of emotion in his own voice. “What’s become of her?”

Mantra turned fully, and Ion thought he saw something flicker in the depths of those calm white eyes … something dark. It made a sudden tingle of concern awaken within Ion. 

“She’s still with you guys, right?” he asked, feeling his voice lower worrisomely. “She’s … fine?”

While the rest of the masters collected outside the balcony around the hover car, waiting, Mantra stood at the door, his eyes frozen over Ion. The two of them stood with their gazes locked for a passing series of seconds. 

“There is nothing I can say which can make you change your mind?” Mantra asked finally, his voice strangely quelled.

Ion gave a firm shake of his head. 

Mantra watched him for another quiet second, and then smiled. “She’s fine.”

And with that, he turned and headed out into the balcony. He climbed into the back of the hover car, along with the five other masters. The car’s engine gave a soft growl as it slowly floated a few feet off the ground. Then, with a swift, leaping motion, it had turned and soared off. 

__________


The nightly streets hung with a faint layer of mist, one that immersed the entire city in an aura of gloom. The partially inhabited city had a dozen or so completely torn down, abandoned buildings for every locality. The silence of the soulless streets was interrupted by occasional brushes of wind, which came howling feebly into the night. The structures lined against both sides of the street, rising into the misty air, were all varying in their size. Some of them were small, stout and humble. Others were large and intimidating, climbing to more than ten storeys. All of them were of concrete build, but with a long eroded glamour. 

Through the clear silence, a pair of footsteps could be heard carrying down the misty lane in a deliberate, slow pace. Then, the silhouette of a thin, tall figure formed over the curtain of mists. His outline grew clearer through the mists as he approached. It was a young man with unkempt red hair, and a meek tinge of orange upon his skin. He had his hood drawn, his hands tucked deep in his pockets, his head facing the ground before him as he slowly walked forth. 

As he continued his deliberate, slow stride, his face lowered to the ground below, something in his thought absorbed gaze drifted with a mixture of pain and emotion. His orange eyes were in a state of far off thoughtfulness. Ion had deposited the hover bike that he’d stolen back to the parking lot, and had then walked this remaining distance to reach the apartment he’d left earlier on. As he reached the side of the building, he turned and headed in without bothering to look up.

Pushing his way through the flight of stairs, he climbed to the fourth storey, and headed down the long corridor. At the end of which lay a room door leading to his room. The entire building felt eerily lifeless and still, but nothing found his attention as he slowly walked down the dusty corridor. Reaching the door at the other end, he wrenched the door open and stepped in. Closing the door behind him, he turned and faced the small one roomed flat, with the table and the broken cot … His eyes wandered across the small, dark space that made the room. The only illumination came from the faint rays of starlight from the balcony door at the other side, which created a small, well lit space across the end of the room. 

He stood there in the darkness, wandering the depths of his memory, the chambers of his past which lay locked within him … And something almost seemed to shift in the darkness ahead. Ion had refused to join and help the Nyon. But his reason for it was his own. 

Absently, as though waiting for this moment all through, he stuffed his hand into his robe pocket. And drew a familiar piece of rolled parchment. He unrolled the poster with the deadly murderer. Ion looked into the face in the poster, feeling wounds of his past dig deeper into his soul. 

And there was the reason.

That face in the picture was the reason for refusing the Nyon. 

After leaving Jedius, Ion had devoted months to finding and bringing down various criminals, terrorists and mafia lords. Targets in the world of crime to which he owed much. But among all of them, there was one final target he had … The darkest and most dangerous target, whom he now needed to focus on. And he knew that he would never rest … he would never be free, unless he brought down this final, prized target. And that target was the face he saw in the picture. The man with the glowing red eyes, whom he shared a dark history with. 

As much as he yearned to, Ion knew he would never be able to live with himself unless he settled his past with this murderer in the picture … his struggle would never end until and unless he brought down this one man. Until he had his revenge against him. For if he didn’t do this, the guilt would be unbearable. And he wouldn’t bear this pain at any cost … even at the cost of turning down the Nyon and whatever noble mission they had for him.

Ion trotted over to the other end of the room, gazing out the glass door of the balcony.  They were now at the deepest stage of the night, with the darkness at its pitch. He leant by the side of the wall by his right, his gaze revelling in the beauty of the starlit night through the balcony outside. 

“This is hardly the place.” came a voice out of the darkness in the rest of the room.

With an electric jolt, Ion whipped around to face the other end of the room, his heart hammering his ribs. 

And then, movement slowly moulded out of the stillness at the dark end of the room. A figure was slowly emerging from where he had remained, hidden in the darkness all along. As the man walked over to before the balcony’s entrance, the starlight glazing this side of the room struck his face, bringing it to complete clarity. 

“This is hardly the type of place where I hoped to find you.” repeated Jedius.






12




The two of them stood there, master and disciple, grown man and youngster, Elfling and Fyrling, staring at each other for what could have been a few centuries. 

The warmth of Jedius’s smile seemed to dispel the gloominess of the room. 

Ion needed a heavy effort to break from the shock and find his voice again.

“Master?” he whispered. 

Jedius patted him gently on the shoulder.

“Nothing could have gifted me more happiness than finding you in a healthy and happy state, old friend.” 

Ion looked down the other end of the room, where his master had evidently been skulking, in wait of him.

“How long where you here, waiting for me?”

Jedius laughed softly. “The first lesson, as you well remember me teaching you, is patience.”

As the shock faded, emotion welled within Ion at the sight of his master. And only now, after finally seeing him after so long did he realise how much he had missed Jedius … and how much he had craved to meet him again.

“How?” he gasped, finally able to blurt his confusion. 

“How did I manage to find you?” asked Jedius. “That shouldn’t be of significant concern right now.” 

He walked forth and patted Ion warmly on the shoulder. “I just thought I would drop by to see how things are running with a disciple, and an old friend. So tell me, what’ve you been upto, lately?”


It had been a few months since they had parted. But as the two of them stood in the balcony outside, it felt like the gap had never happened: Ion recited all that had happened to him since he had left Jedius. He told Jedius about how he had managed to track and bring down all the criminals he had crossed in his past, and how he had concluded with Grando just earlier on this day. He ended the tale, his tone now pitched in shock, of the startling event which had found him just a few minutes back. Of how the members of the revered brotherhood of Nyon had found him, and had asked of him to join them. 

“They’d been keeping a track on me!” said Ion, his own voice thick with disbelief. “I was being watched by the Nyon, can you believe it?” 

“Did you ask them why?” inquired Jedius. “What did they find in you, to interest them?”

“They thought I had the qualities they were looking for in their initiates, and they’ve been running very low on initiates. So when they discovered me, two years back, they thought I’d be a good candidate to join them. And had a tab kept on me … until they lost me somewhere in the middle.”

As he did for most things, Jedius showed little reaction or surprise at this revelation. He stood by the door, just as still as ever, watching Ion as he strode up and down the balcony while he spoke. 

“They were watching me,” went on Ion. “until they lost my trace for some reason. But there’s something I can’t understand fully.” He came to a halt in his pacing and rounded towards Jedius. “But when they discovered me two years back, how did they keep me traced?”

Jedius was quiet, seeming to chew all of this for a meek moment. 

“Through me, of course.” he suddenly said. 

Ion stared, feeling his jaw slack open. 

“You?” he asked.

Jedius nodded, still smiling.  

“You’re one of the Nyon!”

“Yes, Ion.” he said. “But not in the sense that the other masters are, including the ones you just met.” 

“What do you mean?”

“I had been with them for a long time.” he explained. “I was a member in the brotherhood for many years, struggling their struggle. Trying to do noble things, and build something good out of this world.” His voice now sounded distant and lost. As if reconnecting to a pain that had he had felt a long time back. “It wasn’t easy, Ion. everything was in chaos. The brotherhood had come to a stage where we were hardly able to help the world: unable to find mystics to aid our cause, we ourselves were about to fall. I wanted to serve the world. But I realised that I was serving nothing … I found no meaning in it. I found no meaning in the life I was leading, in the cause I was serving. Because that cause itself was about to fall, soon. But it was then that I realised it, that I found it.” He turned slowly, facing Ion. “I found my purpose.”

Behind him, the first traces of dawn were beginning to descend from the heavens. 

“And it was not in doing noble things. It was in helping others do noble things. It was not in using my skills to aid the world. It was in stepping back, and guiding others to aid the world better than I ever could.” His gaze over Ion seemed to grow deeper. “And so I found you.”

“Me?” 

“That day,” said Jedius. “After I saved you, and after I saw what you were facing, I realised that there was hope after all, for our brotherhood … and for our world. And that hope was you, Ion.”

He turned and looked at the city sprawling beyond the balcony. 

“Two years back, after you met Vestra, she brought us everything about you … she recounted her meeting with you, and she expressed her belief that you were someone who would be of aid to us … with the right input.” He paused for a moment. “She told us that she truly believed in a good side resting in you. And I realised what needed to be done. What was needed at that hour, was the guiding of a younger generation in our ways, to keep our ways alive. And I knew that I had to do it through you. I found you, and I decided to train you, in hopes of making something good out of you. It was in those two years, when we were training, that the Nyon kept a watch on you through me. but after we’d finished, I realised that we now needed to give you your personal space … I saw that there were things in your life that you needed to test and discover by yourself, things from your past that you needed to set right.”

Ion knew he was referring to all his criminal rivalries which he had spent the past months scoring out, including Grando.  

“And so, I decided to loosen the reins on you, after our training was done.” said Jedius. “I convinced the Nyon that you had to be allowed to tread your own path for the time being … so that you could do some things for yourself. And I knew that was imperative before you did anything for us. And so, after our training finished months back, I decided to let you off the Nyon’s track. And that was what Mantra and the others were meaning when they met you earlier on: they lost track of you because I let them lose track of you. But today, when you showed up on the Naxim’s database, we were alerted of your presence … at a time where we most crucially needed it. At a time where we desperately needed help from outside of our brotherhood. And so, Mantra and the others decided to approach you to ask you for the favour they were confident you would not deny them … as was I.”

“But how’d you know?” inquired Ion. 

“When they were alerted of your presence here, they informed me as well before approaching you. Mantra is an age old friend of mine, and he led the information to me instantly. And I came here in hopes of renewing my duty as a master … and as a guide to you.”

Jedius heaved a silent breath.

“We need you, Ion. we really do. And at this desperate time, noble hearts such as yours are hard. The Nyon approached you for that one reason. I can’t imagine why you would see fit to turn them down.”

“Why?” Ion gave a soft laugh. “You know why.”

A few seconds of silence breezed between them. 

“Yes I do.” Jedius said finally.  “You are searching for revenge.” He shook his head. “But you will never find it. You can’t. And you yourself know that.” He bent down before Ion and whispered, “What you are doing is not bravery, but cowardice, Ion. you are not searching for the one in the poster, you’re hiding from him. Hiding from reality … trying to outrun it. But you can’t.”

Ion looked away, his teeth gritted. As much as he yearned to deny that … he couldn’t. 

“You can’t outrun me, Ion. I am a part of you.” The voice from his dreams echoed within him.

Jedius placed a hand on Ion’s shoulder. “I know you have much anger and guilt. And that what you are doing now, is trying to vanquish them. But you have to learn to bear them and do what must be done. You are struggling with the past, Ion. And as an effect, you are compromising on the present. You need to forget whatever happened, and move on.”

Ion gazed at the line forming the horizon, where the first lines of stars were beginning to fade. 

“And this will be the greatest good you can ever do, Ion.” said Jedius. “The Nyon need you … but not as much as you need them.”

His words came with a quiet power. “You need to give yourself this chance, Ion. in all your strength and growth, give yourself the chance to be a part of an ideal greater than yourself, and endure the cost that it puts in your way. You’ve grown strong through my teaching, Ion. And you’ve learned to put your pain aside for others’ sake. Now, take this final leap for yourself. But if not for yourself, do it for someone else who needs it.”

“Who?” asked Ion, perplexed. 

Jedius was silent for a moment, his eyes unmoving from Ion’s face.

“The same person who brought you to us.” he said softly. 

But the discretion in his tone held no bars for Ion. The realisation came like a crash of concrete, taking his breath off. 

“Vestra…” he breathed.

He locked eyes with Jedius again, and his master gave a soft nod. 

“Yes, she was one of the two students sent for this mission.”

Ion stared at Jedius in overwhelming disbelief.  “Is she … all right?”

Jedius looked past the sprawl of buildings again, unable to hold Ion’s eyes. 

“Master, is she?”

“I don’t know, Ion.” Jedius replied softly. 

Ion’s inner turmoil melted in the span of an instant. And a blazing sense of purpose awoke within him. Purpose stronger than all else. Because now, he saw that there was something far higher than himself at stake here . And at that very instant, all personal woes and sufferings vanished like a flash of light clearing a dark room. 

“I’m going, then.” he said. “Mantra told me the planet’s name. I’ll head there right now … if she isn’t still alive, I’ll punish every one of the rebels for it. Because it was my fault at the beginning, to not have heeded Mantra and gone as soon as I could.”

Jedius continued to look at him, a strange new light dawning over his features. Ion felt something strengthen within him as he gazed into his master’s eyes. He remembered those two years, those two years of peace he had found under Jedius.

He remembered how he had found hope and direction when his mind had lost its own. 

He remembered how Jedius had filled the loss of his family, by giving him a new one … how he erased all the darkness of his past, and gave him a new future. Forged a brighter, newer destiny…

He remembered it all. 

“I’ll devote myself to this.” Ion said softly. “I’ll join the Nyon and help them through this struggle. But there’s only one reason if I do.” He drew a deep breath. “And that reason is you. Those two years I lived under your mentorship, they were the most beautiful years of my life. I remember your pain. How you tried to bring goodness in this world and failed, and decided to pass the task on to another person. I was lucky enough to be that person. And so, I’m going to forget my struggle, and instead help you find the answer to yours: the struggle for a better world.”

Jedius stood there as still as ever, making no response. But there was a warm glow in his eyes. 

“Then may peace be with you.” 

He looked out the balcony, watching as the first rays of dawn lit the horizon.

“Never despair, Ion.” he said finally, and Ion heard something strange in his voice. Something transcending the normal tone it used to be. “For always remember that we are not so apart as you think. When you move forth in this path, remember me and my teachings will illuminate the darkest of times.”

For some reason, as he spoke, Ion’s flesh prickled with a strange foreboding. 

“But … where’re you going?” he asked. “Surely you’re also going to be with the Nyon through this, right?”

To his surprise, Jedius shook his head.

“You’re not?” asked Ion. 

“I already told you, Ion,” said Jedius. “My purpose, as I realised, was that of a guide … meant to shape those who will help us in this time, and I think I’ve done my job fair enough.”

“But … where’re you going?”

As orange light bristled from over the horizon, Jedius’s eyes seemed to shimmer in the light. 

“Nowhere too far.”

Ion stepped back a few feet, feeling slightly scared. “What do you mean?”

“My work here is done, son.” said Jedius. “I’ve imparted everything to you … everything I was meant to leave behind. And now, it’s your duty to carry what I leave behind forward.” He turned and faced Ion.

“But there is one final thing I will impart, which will aid you just as well.” He put his hand into his robe pocket and drew an object in his clenched fist. 

Ion held his hand out, and Jedius placed what looked like a large, disfigured, fang like object on his outstretched palm. 

“What the heck is this?” he asked, looking at the strangely shaped fang. 

“Nothing more than a token.” said Jedius, smiling. “A token to remind you of me, and everything I’ve taught you.”

Ion was intrigued at the choice Jedius had made for a token. But right now, there was a far heavier worry that clutched at him. 

“Master … where are you going?” he repeated.

Jedius merely gazed at him, his green eyes as tranquil as always. And as gold light from the awakening sun streaked him by the side, he suddenly seemed to shimmer … his entire form seemed to distort very slowly, turning blurry. 

“Like I said,” he said, and his voice came as a resonating hum. “my job here’s done…”

Ion knew at once what was happening. And as he did, at that particular moment, an overwhelming stillness drew over his mind. It was an emotion that more powerful than any he had ever known. A terrible, crushing emotion… 

“You’re … leaving.”

Jedius’s smile grew longer, while his form continued to go blurry by the moment, and his voice reached Ion like an echo across a giant distance. 

“I’m not going too far, Ion, I assure you that.” he said. 

As the flecks of light seeped through his faded form, he was turning ghost like, translucent. 

“The reason I was here is fulfilled … and I’ve left behind what I need to. It’s now your job to ensure that what I leave behind doesn’t go in vain.”

“I won’t.” whispered Ion. 

“I know you won’t.” answered Jedius. “And so, I leave in peace. And may my peace remain behind to aid you always. Farewell, Ion. And always remember … you will find my voice in the gravest of times, for I ever remain in you as the strength of endurance and courage.”

His last word extinguished in a dazzling blast of light that emitted from where he’d been standing as a faded, ghost like form. It was like the light of a thousand suns compressed and allowed to set loose in the span of a mini second. And then, as the light vanished the next second, Ion found himself alone in the balcony, with the dawn’s blue sky mounted over him… 

He stood there for many seconds, clutching Jedius’s fang token in his right hand. His entire body felt strangely unreal, as did everything else around him, while he continued to stare at the spot ahead of him, where his master had been… 

Before Ion knew what he was doing or why, he had collapsed to his knees before where his master had been, and was shaking with silent sobs. 
					   





13




In the darkness of the oval chamber, only the faint outline of a black cloaked figure could be seen. Zardin kept his posture as still as the stone wall behind him as he sat cross legged. His silenced mind was attuned to the energy flow of the world outside. His meditation drew him to the most peaceful state of his inner realm … one where he could feel his being meld with the cosmic reservoir that the world outside, the entire universe himself, spawned from… 

“Master.” came a voice from ahead of him. A mere whisper as it was, it erased the silence of the room. Zardin slowly led his attention to his surroundings: through his inner vision, he saw one of his men standing before him with his head bowed slightly. 

“Master.” the man repeated.  

Zardin responded with a mild nod. 

The man straightened up and drew back his hood. Eryx was frowning, his face slightly tense as he stood before his master.

“Master, I have bad news.” His voice was hushed, but Zardin felt it blare through him. “The boy … has escaped. I tried to get to him before the Nyon did, but he slipped past. And … the Nyon made contact with him.”

Zardin made no response. His calmed mind flowed on in its unblemished course. Without meeting a ripple of disturbance.

Eryx gathered a deep, steadying breath and spoke in a more confident voice:

“I tried to prevent him from being reached by the brotherhood … and I would have succeeded,” A note of anger roughened his tone. “but the Nyon somehow got there faster than expected.” 

He paced up and down the darkness of the cave, while Zardin sat there before him as still as ever, listening. “The plan was brilliant, and it would have definitely worked, if not spoiled by the Nyon’s unpredictable speed. Carcasar, the Zelgron warlord, has been an acquaintance of ours. He had come to ally himself and his Zelgron forces with us recently. And through him, we learnt this: that two years back, Carcasar and Ion had chanced past each other. And in that incident, the boy had almost been brutally killed by Carcasar and his men, if not for an untimely saviour. Carcasar was confident that Ion had learnt to fear him ever since, and he told us this. So I decided to use this, the boy’s weakness in the form of fear, as a means to exploit him to get our means. I knew the Nyon would be dressed in cloaks, hooded, just like the Zelgron always are. So I told him that there were Zelgron sent by Carcasar sent to kill him in revenge for tearing out their master’s eye two years back.” 

He turned to face Zardin, and a contented gleam of triumph flashed on his features. “The boy was terrified, and I could see it. He believed me, though reluctantly. I took advantage of his terror in this situation, which was clouding his judgement, and I told him that the Zelgron would be practically unevadable. And that I was the only means to saving him. And I told him, therefore, to meet me nearby if he wanted me to help him escape. He agreed, master … and then, chance and luck intervene to thwart the greatest of plans: before he could reach me, the Nyon already reached him.” 

He gave a roar of anger and sent a kick to a nearby rock, the force of the impact laying cracks on the rock and no effect on his foot. 

Zardin allowed himself to mull over the situation for a few silent moments, before slowly opening his mouth to respond in his usual clear, striking voice:

“That is very bad news indeed, Eryx.” He slowly drew himself up, took a step forward, and looked Eryx dead in the face. “For you.”

Eryx blanched, his eyes widening. “Master, I-”

“You failed, Eryx,” said Zardin, his fingers twitching in preparation for what came next. “And now, we watch as you pay the price.”

“No, lord, I -” 

But the rest of Eryx’s sentence was drowned in a high pitched squeal as he dangled in mid air, held by his throat. 

“As long as I live,” said Zardin, clutching Eryx’s throat hard and holding him raised feet from the ground. “Failure to bring results will be punished worse than death.”

Eryx thrashed wildly as he hung in mid air, emitting gurgling sounds. Choked alive, his face slowly turned purple. “Master … I- tried -”

“Tried?” Zardin hissed. “You tried? Oh, you disgust me.” 

Zardin threw the body with the hand that held his throat, and it landed ten feet away, rolling across the rough cave floor. Eryx made no attempt to sit back up and lay in a shivering heap on the ground. Zardin slowly walked down to where he lay and sent a kick to a soft spot on his curled up body. Eryx yelped in pain. 

“Get up, vermin.” Zardin commanded.

Eryx slowly straightened up, trembling with fear.

“You have forty eight hours, to change my mind.” said Zardin. 

Eryx froze, and the terror clouding his face slowly drained. “Yes, master …y - yes, thank you.”

“Find the boy wherever he is.” continued Zardin. “Find him before he reaches the Nyon temple. And kill him. We don’t need the Nyon to gain another ally. The boy must not reach the temple … not in one piece that is.”

Eryx made a low bow, his fingers still trembling. “Yes, master.”

“I don’t know where he is,” Zardin said, frowning.  “Or what he’s doing. But if he reaches the Nyon temple within the coming forty eight hours, to join the Brotherhood … that will put you in a rather unfortunate situation. More unfortunate than you would have been in now.”

“Of course not, master!” squealed Eryx, his face still red from the near choking. “I promise, wherever he is, I’ll find him, and snuff the life out of him. He won’t reach the Nyon temple alive.”

“He better not.”

Eryx sank into another deep bow, giving a stream of thanks for not having been killed. “Thank you, master. Thank you … thank you.”

He turned and huddled over down the dark cave, towards the exit at the far end. 

“Don’t thank me, you fool.” muttered Zardin, as Eryx vanished from sight. “I’m going to kill you anyway.”

__________


Gathering his things in the rucksack he’d been keeping for months now, Ion heaved the large bag and slung it over his shoulder. 

Before making his way to the door, he stalled for a heavy second, turning his head to look out the balcony again. The spot on the balcony outside where Jedius had last been caught his gaze for a few lengthy seconds. He stood staring, unable to bring himself to move. He could feel the tear tracks on his face glisten in the light streaming from between the clouds, fresh and shining. 

Time to leave…

He slowly crossed the room, pulled open the door and shut it behind him. Walking the distance of the corridor, he made his way down the staircase, his mind now working with a new fury. There was a fresh urgency in his every step, as he climbed down the stairs. Radioc … I need to now get to Radioc fast. Really fast. But how?…

With the power drive he had found now depleted, he needed to get to the nearest ship hangar of this moon, and find public transport to get him there. He felt a moment of wild panic, as he considered whether this route would be fast enough. First off, where was the nearest ship hangar in this planet? And even if it was closeby for him to reach, how fast would he be able to reach Radioc through its transport? He controlled the panic and fear, knowing that he had only one resource at hand, and that was his mind. He needed to keep himself clear and gathered, if there was a chance for him to reach the planet fast enough.

He reached the lane outside the building. The streets were just as deserted as they had been, and Ion had trouble finding someone to ask directions to. When he finally did, a Brownling he had found strolling down the lane told him that the planet’s only ship hangar was in its only fully inhabited city, which was closeby enough to reach by hover bike. Ion needed to reach the city, and then find someone to lead him to. Thanking the man, Ion reached the place where he had parked the hover bike he had stolen from the Naxim officer. 

Though the power drive was depleted and he couldn’t use it for space jumps, he could travel for meagre distances within the planet in a regular speed. He checked the fuel and was overwhelmed with relief to find that, though not fully sufficient, the bike’s fuel would last to take him to the nearing city, where the hangar was. Or close enough to it, anyway. He would then get directional help from one of the inhabitants of the city, to lead him to the hangar by foot.

Here we go, then.

His blood rushing with thrill and urgency, Ion mounted the hover bike. The engine rumbled as he switched it on. He gave the throttle a gentle spin, and with a slight jolt the bike took to the air and soared off down the city. 

__________

Nyon temple, Farnor

Sitting silently in a room, Mantra surveyed the beautiful scene out of the window as he usually did when his mind was clogged with too much to comprehend. 

The six masters who had gone to find Ion had returned just a minute or two back. The five others were now with the rest of the elder council, and Mantra knew that they were holding a meeting to decide as to what now needed to be done. 

Feeling overweighed slightly, Mantra closed his eyes. He let himself grow calm through a series of steady deep breaths. And before he knew it, he had managed to find the side of him that upheld a clear composure whatever situation passed. The worries throbbing in his mind dulled slowly. And he let serenity and tranquility robe his thoughts, so that everything shone with a polished clarity … clarity bearing a greater insight into the universe than anything else… 

And through the clarity, through the stillness and serenity, Mantra heard a sudden tune play through his mind. A tune of beauty. A tune of harmony. 

A tune of power and infinity. 

It sung through the recesses of his being, bringing a glow of knowledge. And the knowledge that it brought made a smile liven upon Mantra’s face.  

He slowly drew his eyes open, so that the fresh depth in his mind was mirrored in the world around him. His vision bloomed with the sight of the forest outside, rich and untarnished in its eternal beauty. Mantra allowed his gaze to stall over the greenery outside for a few long moments, still treasuring the newfound glow lighting him within. 

__________


The ten men stood in postures of focus, all attention pooled at the man in the centre. The air was lit with a sense of purpose. Vitality. 

Standing at the centre, Galinor heaved a deep breath before going on.

“This may or may not turn out to end up the way we need it to, but like this or not, we will endure whatever result awaits as in Radioc. Even if it means death.”

The ten other members of the elder council gave a combined sharp nod. 

“This is all we have left. My fellow Nyon,” said Galinor, looking about the ten men standing around him slowly. Their features held a mirror of the resolve he felt at this desperate hour. “We are going to the inner spectrum. We are entering the planet Radioc. We are going to the rebel controlled village, to re acquire the object our two disciples failed to. And we will do this whatever the cost.” 

He drew in another breath, letting his voice now run softer. “I won’t put false promises here. The chances are that not many of us will make it out of the planet. The Naxim will have their database in Radioc alerted when we enter it. And even if we do enter the village and get hold of what we went there for, we will have to brace ourselves to face the Naxim’s forces anytime after entering it. And they will send their heaviest assault force for their most important mystic targets, which is us, the Nyon. With all of us marked in its hitlist.” His voice sank even lower. “As I said, the chances are that not many of us will make it out … and in all honestly, chances also remain that we don’t make it out at all. And our sacrifice and efforts go down in vain. But we will stand up and make the efforts needed to fulfil our duty. And if we die trying, there will be peace with us in that.”

As one, the ten other masters of the elder council gave another sharp nod.

Mantra, Galinor and the team of six who had gone to make contact with Ion had returned here with the bad news, just a minute or two back. They then knew that the grimmest of grim had come to pass upon them. As Ion had refused to help them, they knew what they now needed. They needed to do it themselves … and brave whatever came in their way. After returning, Galinor called on a meeting of the elder council to relay what had happened to them. For some reason, Mantra was the only member who wasn’t present. He seemed to have sealed himself up in another room of this temple, and they didn’t know what it was keeping him from this meeting right now. 

Well, Mantra does have his … eccentricities. admitted Galinor. 

Faced with a rather distressing scenario, the elder council made a bold decision. One that they knew they would have to make at the very end. They were heading to the planet Radioc to acquire the object by themselves. The Naxim, which had a tough hold on the planet, would undoubtedly by alerted when its top mystic targets entered its primary zone. And it truly was unlikely that they succeeded in getting the object they had to find in the village and return, but this was all that was left… 

“This may be our last day together,” said Dantox, stepping forward from the circle. His golden hair rustled slightly in a gentle breeze wafting from the open window.  Looking slowly over the ten others, he said, “I take this opportunity, to say that it’s been an honour serving with you, my brothers…”

“Save the last minute sentiments for a time where they’re needed.” cut in a familiar voice from the doorway behind. 

Galinor turned over to find Mantra standing at the door, his calm expression lumined in a smile. 

“We’re heading into the most dangerous planet in the Naxim’s radar, with all of us on its priority list.” said Galinor, turning to fully face him. “What’re the odds all of us will come back?” 

Mantra shook his head, giving a soft laugh. “We won’t be going at all. Because right now, Ion has decided to change his mind. He’s making his way to the planet as we now speak.”

The ten masters made sounds of shock and delight. 

Galinor continued to stare at Mantra for a moment after he heard this, before relief rushed through him. “If that’s really true…” 

“Yes,” said Mantra, nodding. “there is a pretty good chance after all, fellow masters, that we may have the object securely acquired after all. The boy will enter the planet without setting off the Naxim’s alarms, as he isn’t marked by them. And they don’t have his mystical aura traced in their energy detectors. I’d like to hold my faith up in him, that he will fetch us the object victoriously … and my faith usually manages to align itself with reality.”

__________


Ion walked down the semi urban lane flanked by old, cracked structures. He found civilians strolling down the street, most of them cloaked. 

The hover bike had carried him to the very outskirts of this city, the one where the ship hangar of this planet was, before its fuel ran out as Ion had rightly predicted. But Ion had wasted no time at all and had hurriedly scrambled down the maze of structures, making his way to the hangar by foot. 

The sense of urgency was slowly mounting within him: he had left almost an hour ago. He had reached here just over half an hour ago. And for half an hour, he had been looking for a way to get to the hangar. For half an hour, he had wandered helplessly and stupidly. And finally, he had found a kind old man who had agreed to lead him to the hangar, which it seemed, was closer than he had thought. Ion felt a growing anxiety in his stride. He needed to get to the village quickly. Time seemed flow by faster by the second … and time was what he didn’t have.

“Thanks again by the way,” he said, looking at the elderly man who was leading him to the hangar. The man gave a nod, his waist length white hair flapping.

As Ion looked down the lane sweeping the city ahead, his thoughts slowly drifted back to the event that had changed his life, an hour ago. And an upsurge of emotion, mixed with gratitude, arose within him. 

His final meeting with his master would stay branded in his memory.

“You are searching for revenge … But you will never find it. You can’t. And you yourself know that … you are not searching for the one in the poster, you’re hiding from him. Hiding from reality … trying to outrun it. But you can’t.”

Ion painfully accepted it. He was right.

All this while, for two years, he had been trying to outrun the past. But he knew he couldn’t. 

“I am a part of you, Ion.” The voice from his dreams echoed within him. 

Jedius’s words had now opened his eyes. Ion now admitted what he had always known: he had to face those things that he couldn’t alter or change. And the past was one of those things. 

He was now willing to accept that there was no escape from the pain. He had to face it, and bear it. And go on to do what needed to be done. Ion knew it wasn’t going to be easy. He knew the courage that was needed for this … but it was Jedius’s courage that he borrowed. His master’s memory would light the way ahead in this meandering road. The large fang like object he had left with Ion lay tucked inside his pocket.

But as of now, the real steel being driven through him came from someone else. The true source of the resolve he now felt … was her. 

Vestra… 

Ion remembered the pained look on Mantra’s face, when he had asked him what had become of her … He now knew why. Vestra was one of the two students they had sent for this mission, who hadn’t come back. And Mantra had decided to hide this from Ion, to save him from that pain.

Ion’s stomach boiled as his thoughts zipped to whatever fate she now lay in … and whether or not that fate left her dead or alive. 

No way, don’t think that! he admonished himself sternly. She’s alive, she’s gotta be … and I’m going to go get that object she and the other Nyon she went with had gone for, and get both of them out of there alive …

He repeated it to himself a few times, trying to rig it into his belief. It took him a moment to notice that his breath had turned pacy. He calmed himself, knowing better than to lose it now. But the urgency of the situation bit into him like a talon.

“Are we there yet?” he asked, turning to the elderly man. 

“Almost.” 

Ion turned back, gazing down the small street that they were now in, with even smaller lanes on both sides. He could feel the bustle of a large commotion somewhere nearby, undoubtedly the ship hangar. They were moving towards it, down the smaller juncture of lanes. 

But even beyond the fear of it, the fear that Vestra might not be alive when he reached the village, there was the regret. Because if she really wasn’t, it would have been Ion’s fault…

He might have been able to save her if he made his mind up at the first instance, when Mantra and the other five masters reached him.

If he was too late now, he would never forgive himself. 

The aged man was now walking ahead of him, leading him into what looked like the joint alley between two buildings. Four dustbins lay at the corners of the alley, which the two of them briskly strode through. The elderly man suddenly stopped and swung about to face Ion. Ion halted abruptly as well, as he faced the elderly man fully for the first time…

Eryx tore off the wig of long white hair and threw it to the ground. A triumphant sneer spread across his face as he took a step forward towards a completely shellshocked Ion. 

“You wriggled outta that one didn’t you, you little worm?” He said, abandoning the sweet, soft tone of the elderly man he had feigned to be all along. His voice now jumped back to the same rough, mildly savage one Ion had conversed with in the z-com earlier. 

“You!” exclaimed Ion, taking a step back. 

He suddenly remembered something that had slipped his mind earlier on, chased out by the bulkiness of his meeting with the Nyon masters. “What was that you tried with me, earlier on? The Zelgron? What the hell was that all about?”

“You half wit,” laughed Eryx. “You’re talking to a member of the cause that’s responsible for leaving the Nyon terrified off their skins.”

The effect of the words reached Ion a sluggish second late. His eyes went wider. “You’re … one of them. The Xeni.”

“And you’ve heard about us,” Eryx’s sneer stretched. “That’s good. You’ll be going to you’re grave with the knowledge of who it was you trifled with.”

“Trifled with? I don’t even know you. Any of you.”

“No. but you’re about to join the Nyon. And we can’t allow that, now, can we? The last thing we need is for our sworn enemies to gain the benefit of a fresh young mystic joining their ranks. See, kid, the brotherhood is weakened. Badly. They haven’t had a lotta new initiates in a while. Finding and getting stray mystics to join them is becoming harder and harder for them. They’re in a bad state… and at the brink of an inevitable collapse.” Eryx gave a nasty laugh. “We can’t let someone like you join them and lessen the odds of that happening, now, can we?” 

Ion had heard enough. He felt his mind sharpen with a rising fury. He stared Eryx dead in the face.

“You aren’t stopping me.” he said quietly. He took a step forward, closing the distance between their faces to a few inches. “Now get out of the way … unless you’re a little confused about what’s good for you.”

Eryx stood there, unmoving. The silence of the alley suddenly seemed louder as the two of them stood there, glaring at each other… 

“Get out of the way,” repeated Ion, his voice a breathing hiss. “Or you’ll be sorry you called me in the first place.”

“Oh no, Ion.” Eryx’s sneering face livened with malice. “In the following few minutes, no one in the spectrum’s gonna be as sorry as you.”

And then, the dustbins on each corner of the alley wobbled and the lids covering them flew off. A cloaked figure with a sword emerged from each dustbin, climbing out of the bin with his eyes focused dead on Ion. 

Ion felt his jaw slide open. As he turned his head back to Eryx, he realised his mistake. A second too late…

Eryx’s sword, now drawn and ignited, lunged at him from the side. Ion threw himself off the way, only to feel a fiery, scorching feeling across the brace of his skin by his hip. Giving a mild yelp, he landed on three limbs, his hand still holding his sword. 

The four other cloaked figures, now having crawled out of the dustbins, ignited their swords and came sprinting to the centre of the alley, where Eryx and Ion were.

Ion felt the air in his lungs go thin, as he realised there was no getting away this time … His mind sped up, and he leapt backwards a second not too soon to avoid a slash from one of the Xeni, and then ducked another from the second. The third slash almost caught him by the side of his face. Without bothering to stop for a breath, he threw himself aside. A split second later, the two glowing swords of two other Xeni clashed against each other, showering sparks right around where he had been standing. 

The three others, standing a few feet ahead of him, sprang towards him, their faces livened in the flickering light of their glowing swords. Making a lightspeed leap to the side, Ion dodged the first man’s blade, then ducked as another two slashed at the air to his ribs. His sword left a thin, loud cling! in the air as it blocked the third man’s sword, and then slashed across the fourth’s with such speed that the Xeni’s blade went spinning out of his hand… 

Eryx charged at him from right amidst, sending a fist hurled at him. Ion’s ribs throbbed with pain, as the force of the man’s punch sent him flying. He felt his sword leaving his hand, twirling off his grasp… and his body soared back and crashed loudly on one of the dustbins of the alley. 

He rolled off the rummage and slipped to the ground of the alley, his vision flickering slightly. He fought the spinning sensation over his head and watched helplessly as the five mystics, their glowing blades in hands, came strutting upto where he lay, defenseless … Their mocking sneers were the last Ion saw before the blackness overcame him. 

__________


“Wait till he wakes … he oughta see this himself.”

“How do you think he’ll like that?” 

“He’ll never know what took him.”

“Definitely.”

Ion’s eyelids fluttered open.

What appeared to be a metallic roof spread right overhead him. He tried to move, only to realise that his entire body lay wrapped in heavy iron chains. He felt a mild tugging sensation, like that of high speed motion. It seemed as though he was now in some sort of a vehicle. 

A pair of footsteps came his way, and then Eryx bent down over where he lay chained up. 

“Enjoying yourself?” he asked, and then gave a cruel chuckle. “Well … we are.”

“What … where … am I?” breathed Ion, straining to knit words together. 

“Boss told us to make it slow, kid.” replied Eryx coldly. “And it’s been a while since we’ve watched someone die.” He stopped for a thought, then added, “At least die like this, that is.” He gave another cruel laugh, before turning and striding off.
 
Die like this? thought Ion, his panic mounting. What the hell does he mean? 

He tried to crane his neck to either side, to catch a glimpse of where he was, or what was going on … But rigged tightly in iron chains, his whole body lay bound in a scarily still, statue like state. The chains weighed down on him from atop, pressing him hard to the cold metallic surface beneath him. 

Eryx reappeared, holding a long, thin stick like object, with a handle emerging from one side. 

“A poetic ending.” he whispered, bending down. “Live and die by your sword.” 

He tucked the sword by Ion’s back, inserting it through the chains binding him from behind. 

Then, with a final salute, Eryx sent a magnum kick to Ion, who felt himself soar off the ground. His eyes shut themselves in preparation of the impact of hitting the floor again. But for some reason, the impact never came … He seemed to go on soaring. 

A sudden rage of wind currents tore at him from below, and Ion’s eyes shot open again. 

And instantly, he wished he hadn’t opened them.

He was falling. Freefalling down the blissful, cloud gorged layer of the sky. As his body spun upwards in the torrent of the wind, he saw a hover van fly past far above him. The hover van which the Xeni had just thrown him off. He was now falling through what seemed like a few miles above the earth. 

As his spun about again, and the clouds below him slowly shifted, Ion felt his blood halt in its course…

Looming below him, a giant churning mass … an ocean. 

He had just been tossed out of the sky, towards an ocean. 

Ion’s insides froze in horror. 

The ocean surface was raging and wild, with waves that lashed about with uncontained might. And as Ion saw it racing up towards him, he knew that this was the worst possible way to die… 

His fall gained speed rapidly as gravity sucked him downwards in a raw, senseless tug. His body seemed to slice through the air like a bullet. The giant, untamed mass of blue below him slowly magnified, and the brutal waves lashing around it swelled in size. Raw fear coursing his veins, Ion felt time slow down, and every moment seemed to expand. The fall seemed to go on and on, bottomless and agonizing. 

As the last few seconds of the fall, and his life, dawned over him, Ion felt all hopes vaporise. As he spun about one last time to face the sky above, the beauty of what he saw filled the grip of his mind for what felt like a clear, untarnished moment: 

The sky was a pale, taintless blue. The clouds strewn over it looked like giant mushrooms, dense, white and puffy. The sun lay frozen near the top of the clear blue expanse, its radiance trickling through the gaps in the clouds in shining, golden rays. The elegance of the sight washed across Ion with a powerful, divine force. It was, he thought, one of the most beautiful moments of his life. 

And then, his body twisted around again to face the inevitable doom awaiting him below. 

He plunged through the ten or so metres between him and the ocean within the splinter of a second. And then he felt himself crash into what felt like a wall of solid concrete. He thought the impact snapped a few bones in his body. As unbearable pain seared all over him, the lights within him dulled and went off… 






14




Tapping his foot in impatience, Evander held the z-com to his ear, waiting. The ringtone played for fifteen seconds, before falling silent. Evander slowly lowered the z-com, frowning. He dialed the same number again, and pressed the z-com to his ear. But again, there was no answer. 

His gaze drifted out the large window at the front of his office, looking past the towers outside and the flow of vehicles and ships around them. 

Derigor wasn’t answering his call. Evander had tried calling him more than ten times in the past hour or so. But all ten times, there had been no response. 

A tune of anxiety began to ring softly at the back of Evander’s mind. Something didn’t feel right. 

For a person in such a high ranking post, this wasn’t the type of thing Derigor would do. But knowing him personally, Evander knew that it definitely wasn’t the type of thing Derigor would do. In the past few years, he had rarely ever missed a call from any of his colleagues, even when off work hours. 

Feeling the tune slowly louden at the back of his mind, Evander continued to gaze out the window for a few seconds. He let his thoughts run over a list of explanations as to what had happened, to keep Derigor busy enough to miss ten successive calls from his colleague. But the deeper his mind waded into the scenario, the stranger it felt. 

Sweating mildly, he slipped his z-com into his pocket, turned and headed for his door. 

__________


Logic seemed to have vaporised, leaving the world in a senseless haze of confusion. No direction. No meaning. No reason. Nothing at all, but the cruel sensation of floating mindlessly, untethered.

Faint noises seeped through, before being swept away by the tiding chaos. 

Finally, a ray of clarity sliced through the grogginess. And then, slowly, the world seemed to unfold around … Reason came breezing in. Light came flooding into the world, illuminating everything.

As his eyes flew open, Qyro found nothing making sense initially. He squinted, his thoughtflow still groping amidst chaos and confusion. Finally, as the hazy, disorienting feeling faded, he found everything making sense before him. 

And that was why panic seized him. 

This can’t be!

The small room that he was in had dull brown walls, with a door posed directly opposite to him. A thick gag was stuffed into his mouth, while a pair of thick iron shackles bound his wrists. Qyro could have easily used his mystic powers to snap apart a pair of normal cuffs. But the thick iron make of the cuffs that clasped his hands were far too strong. Even for his mystic strength. And even if that weren’t so, his mind was now clouded with panic and dread: and this would have diluted his powers, which would have slipped past his unfocussed grasp. It was no use … he was trapped, taken prisoner. The worst had just happened…

I’ve been taken prisoner? Qyro couldn’t believe it. Why didn’t they just kill me?

This was the worst possible, dreaded outcome: When Vestra and he had been sent here, they had been made well aware of this. At absolutely no cost would they be taken prisoner by the enemy … that would spell catastrophe for the entire brotherhood. Now his captors would interrogate him. They would try finding out who he worked for and everything about them. And if they succeeded in weeding the information out of him, the location of the Nyon temple would be compromised. The information would hit the Naxim, who would attack the temple. Qyro felt his pulse soar out of control, and a faint drumming noise ensued from within his chest. 

Where’s Vestra? What’ve they done to her?

A small voice which came from intelligent reasoning told him that she was dead. It was undeniable. The rebels didn’t need either of them alive, except only to interrogate them. And if so, they didn’t need two prisoners alive for interrogation … they just needed one. She was dead. She had to be. 

As a part of him mourned the loss of his friend, another part of him imagined a new, dawning possibility that revolved around her. A nasty possibility. 

What if they’ve already interrogated her? And what if … she had submitted? If this was true, she would be dead as well. And if this was true, there would be a far graver reason to mourn, and to despair…

The Nyon. 

The entire brotherhood would be under attack, with the location of the temple now disclosed. The Nyon in the temple would be attacked completely unawares, and there would be literally no escape. Nowhere to run. 

Qyro quelled his panic, keeping himself together. But either way, he knew that the hopes for the Nyon temple were slim: they would interrogate him anyway. And there was no telling how much he would be able to endure before he snapped and told them everything. 

He tried controlling himself, slowing his breathing. And then, getting a grasp of his mystic mind powers, he tried searching for a way out. His powers would be of little use against the iron shackles, which he knew were far too strong to break. But Qyro was well aware that escaping wasn’t his plan at all … his plan was inevitable now that he was caught and to be interrogated. His plan was relatively easier to carry out. But tons harder to contemplate…

His plan was suicide. 

He needed to kill himself, or the entire brotherhood would fall to attack. And he needed to do it before the interrogation begun. 

As Qyro accepted it, he felt an unnatural sense of calm. The fact that he was dying with a purpose, for the greater good … it erased the despair of the situation, and allowed warmth to flower inside. 

He braced himself, gulping sharp breaths of air.  His captors had left him gagged, bound and unable to move at all. But they hadn’t been aware of one crucially important thing: he was a mystic. Using his powers, he could snap a vital nerve, or even stop his heart. 

But nobody said it would be painless. 

Qyro continued breathing for a few seconds, before steadying himself … Bracing himself boldly. The target was a vital nerve in his neck. It needed to be severed, and all problems would end. The task of severing the nerve would require a meek sliver of his powers. Qyro shut his eyes, hoping it could be quick. 

All right, here we go…

He tapped into the flow of mystic energy in his mind, which came rushing out, ready to do what must be done… 

But the door opposite to him blasted open, alarming him and cutting the flow of his mystic energy. A rebel, cloaked in white, stood at the entrance, a Sparkler in hand. 

Before Qyro could do anything more, the rebel raised his Sparkler and shot. 

A crisp electric noise filled the room as a jet of blue streaked across and hit Qyro, tossing his body back. As he smashed onto the wall behind him, a brutal crippling sensation coursed through his whole body … paralysing him. 

It’s a freeze Sparkler! Qyro realised, panic stricken. I’ve been frozen!

The freeze Sparkler was meant to paralyse the target with a crippling pain that seized his whole body … But the effect of this pain reached the target’s mind as well, leaving it paralysed. As a result, a mystic’s powers trickled past his grasp under the effect of this crippling pain. 

I’m too late. Lying helplessly against the wall, unable to move his body, Qyro watched with widened eyes and growing horror. 

The masked rebel walked into the room, along with a whole bunch of others. The white cloaked figures spread about the room, all of their masked faces holding Qyro steady in their glare. 

The man who had shot him stood a foot or two before him, his Sparkler tucked into his belt. 

He turned to another rebel who stood behind him. “Shall we?”

The rebel nodded, and walked forward. He was holding two guns by either hand. One of them was a Sparkler, and the other wasn’t. Qyro’s eyes fell on the other gun, and as he recognised it, a surge of panic raced through him. That’s … the Stinger. The ultimate torture weapon.

The rebel handed the Stinger to the man in front of Qyro. Turning towards Qyro, the man bent down over him again, and pulled his gag off. 

“I’m going to ask this just once,” he breathed into Qyro’s face. “Co operate with us and tell us everything we need to know. Because otherwise…” 

He brought the Stinger to a dead aim onto Qyro’s chest. Qyro felt something pound inside of where the Stinger pointed, as though trying to escape this body, which now seconds from being wrecked and wasted. 

He mustered every ounce of resolve lying within him, and kept himself steady. Fighting the effect of the freeze shot, he formed words with a bare movement of his paralysed lips: “Go on … I ain’t scared.”

The man stayed as he was, bent before Qyro, staring into him for a long second. His Stinger stayed aimed over Qyro, who kept his fear contained. 

Then, the man lowered the Stinger, drew back up and laughed coldly. “It’s not you that you should be scared for.” 

A shuffling noise drew from outside, and a third rebel entered the room, dragging something over the floor. A body. 

It was Vestra. 

She was bound the same way Qyro was, but her eyes were closed. She stirred faintly, as the rebel tossed her body to the side of the man who stood before Qyro. 

She’s alive. thought Qyro, but his relief extinguished almost immediately. The rebel turned his head to his side, where she lay, half conscious. His hand clenched the Stinger tight, one finger resting over the gun’s trigger.  His gaze lingered for a second over her before moving back to Qyro. 

“So what do you say to sparing your dear friend here some pain?” he asked, holding the Stinger aimed at the body next to him.

Qyro ground his teeth, fury piercing his mind like a cold dagger. 

“Let her go,” he breathed, struggling through the paralysed effect to speak.

“Only you have the power to do that,” said the man. “Or you can watch as he screams … and we’ll make both of you die slowly.”

Qyro bore into him with his eyes, letting the seconds ebb by. Silence doused the entire room for many lengthy seconds. The two of them glared into each other, both of them in completely opposite positions. One in a state of utter dominance, the other completely helpless, subject to the other’s will. One armed and deadly, the other defenseless, paralysed. One ready to die, the other ready to kill… 

The rebel finally shook his head and gave a cold chuckle. 

“So be it, then.” he said, his soft words clear over the silence of the room. He held the Stinger steady over Vestra’s body, his finger ready to squeeze the trigger. “Enjoy hearing her scream.”

The voice that spoke wasn’t Qyro’s.

“Enjoy hearing your own.” Vestra bolted upright as she said it, throwing off the unconscious pretence. As alarm seized the room, she ran her elbow into the man’s shin, making him fall forward, groaning in pain. The Sparkler and the Stinger slipped off his grasp. 

The other rebels stood on the spot at the back of the room, temporarily stumped by the sudden turn of events. Then one of them opened fire, sending a jet of blue at Vestra, who threw her bound arms in front of her. The iron bindings around her arms took the impact of the shot and shattered. She reached for the iron shackles on her feet and sheared them off.

As the other rebels broke to their senses and raised their guns, they were a little slow to the realisation that it was too late. Vestra had jumped right amidst the five of them in one swift, elegant leap. As they slowly turned around to face her and refix their guns’ aims, she sent one of them flying with a sharp blow of her knuckles. By the time the rebels had found her in their aim, another one was sent flying with the force of her kick. The last three rebels fired, and Vestra threw herself off the way of the three shots. 

Her lightning speed was no match for the three rebels, though they were armed. She dodged their shots fierily, and then sent her wrist pounding one of them in the chest, sending him airborne. Spinning around, she slashed her leg across the air. It hit one of the rebels by his head, taking him off his feat. The last rebel had finally awoken to the realisation that he was fighting something beyond normal boundaries of combat … that he was fighting a mystic. He stood on the spot, his outline rippling in terror for a second. Then, he turned in a wild attempt to bolt. But Vestra caught him by the neck of his robes, swung him about and sent his body smashing against the wall. He toppled off and slid to the floor, unconscious just like the rest of them. 

Turning around, Vestra picked up a fallen Sparkler, aimed and fired at Qyro. The jet of blue hit Qyro’s iron shackles, blasting them apart. He tried to heave himself up, only to slide over and fall to the ground. The freeze shot’s effect was wearing, but Qyro still couldn’t move fully. He could only barely speak:

“I’ve been frozen.” he told Vestra, who tucked the Sparkler into her robe pocket and ran over. She helped him up, and slid one of his hands over her shoulder, allowing him to limp along by her side. 

“What do we do with the object we came here for?” asked Qyro, as they reached the door. 

“Forget the object!” Vestra squealed. “Getting out of here alive itself would take nothing short of a miracle.”

Qyro nodded in agreement, and the two of them emerged out the door into a long corridor. As they limped down the corridor, a sudden flash of blue came from behind, and then a jet of light streaked past them … The two of them turned back, wild with shock. 

A batch of Rash-cons came storming towards them from the other end of the corridor. They sent another jet of light at the two of them. Vestra dropped Qyro, and threw herself aside, saving both of them from the shot at a split second’s notice. 

“Go!” ordered Qyro, choked with panic. “You can’t save both of us. Go!” 

“I don’t think so.” Vestra held out her sparkle and shot wildly, sending streaks of blue across the corridor. Of the six robots, three of them fell to the shots, blasted backwards. But the other three jumped out of the way of the shots, pressing themselves by the both sides of the corridor’s walls. 

Vestra threw the Sparkler and sprinted towards them. Before they had even raised their Sparklers, she had sent one of them soaring back with a heavy pound of her fist. As the other two opened fire, she dodged back, missing one of the jets of blue by a mere, deadly whisker. She then threw both hands forward in a swift, waving motion. A heat wave like disturbance filled the air ahead of her hands, and glided forward towards the two robots. The smash collided with the robots with a loud bang, shattering them, and sending their splintered remains flying backwards. Vestra turned and ran back to Qyro. 

“Save yourself,” Qyro pleaded with her, as she helped him up. “You’ll get both of us killed!”

As if on cue, a faint pattering of footsteps came from somewhere nearby in the building. And it was coming towards them … they stopped and turned back. The corridor sprouted into two adjacent ones at the end, and a large party was storming down the adjacent hallways… 

Vestra’s grip on Qyro’s hand, slung around her neck, slackened. She turned to look at him … and for a second, Qyro thought he saw helplessness in the depths of her black eyes.

“Save yourself.” Qyro whispered, as the footsteps drew closer. “Go…”

Without a word, she dropped his hand by her side, turned and pelted off down the corridor. Qyro stared after her for a second as she vanished at the end of the corridor. Then, his head spun about to face the other end, where the footsteps grew louder. The effect of the freeze shot still strong, his legs wobbled, unwilling to take his weight. His knees buckled and he hit the ground again. He turned to where Vestra had disappeared, at the other end of the corridor. She did the right thing…

He only hoped that his sacrifice was worth it, and that she made it out of the village alive. He sighed, feeling his doom close upon him in the sound of the loudening footsteps. Then, his eyes went wide: Vestra had returned at the corridor’s end, holding some things in both hands. Qyro realised she hadn’t abandoned him after all. 

“What’re you doing?” asked Qyro. “I told you to leave me and -”

“Oh, shut up! We both know that’s not happening.” she panted, arriving by Qyro’s side, and dropping the two stick like objects held in her hand … their swords!

“Where’d you find them?”

“They had taken and kept them in the room where they held me.” said Vestra. “Wonder why, though. Not like they could use them the way we could.”

There was a third, gun like device she had acquired. Qyro recognised it. “That’s an electrifier. What’re you gonna do with-”

To his surprise, Vestra held the gun aimed at him, and squeezed the trigger. A crisp white bolt, like that of frozen lightning, sprang from the gun’s tip and hit Qyro. For that one moment, Qyro felt every pore in his body screech in agony, as a thousand volts of electricity seized him …  And the next moment, as relief swept across his body, he realised the effect of the freeze shot was gone. He was now free. 

“Always remember,” said Vestra, responding to his puzzled look. “high voltage gets rid of the freeze shot’s effect.”

Impressed, Qyro made a note of it. 

He drew up again, enjoying the feeling of being able to move again. 

The thundering footsteps swiftly neared the end of the corridor. Without even glancing back, the two of them slung their sheathed swords over their backs and dashed off. Evading more unwanted company. 

They exited the building and tore down the street without a second glance at anything. The street ended with a large green field which the two of them raced through, bounding across five steps in the time a normal man would have taken for one. 

Their training had given them a glimpse of what it felt like when facing life or death situations. But as reality cast them into one, Qyro realised that this was nothing like anything they had trained for. They had glared death in the eye and had escaped its brutal grasp by a whisker. 

The green field seemed to go on for a mile or two, ending in the unlevelled terrain that they had crossed, which surrounded the village. Just when the two of them thought they were safe, Qyro felt his ears twitch slightly, as they heard it:

The sound of an electric engine. Buzzing straight their way. 

Vestra seemed to have noticed it as well, and the two of them glanced back to have their worst fear confirmed: two hover cars and a rebel on a hover bike came soaring their way across the green clearing, from the village. They came zooming towards them dangerously fast, and even before they reached, Qyro knew there was no hope of outrunning them. The vehicles were too fast. Even for their mystic superspeed.  

“We’re gonna have to take them,” panted Vestra, as she bounded forward by Qyro’s side. 

Qyro nodded, his hand jumping onto his sword handle. As they drew their sabers, the vroom of the engine drowned the air: one of the hover cars came gliding by Qyro’s right, and a masked rebel leaned out of the window, aiming his Sparkler. Qyro held up his hand at the car. Using his powers, he made the steering wheel spin off control. The car lost altitude, jumped to a side, and then crashed to the ground in a mighty shattering sound. 

A jet of blue sailed past Qyro, hitting the ground ahead of him. He twisted his head around to see the hover bike rider closing in on him. The second hover car came gliding over Vestra’s side. A rebel hung out of the window, his Sparkler aimed at them, and the hover bike’s rider braced the canon stretching at the front of the sleek black machine… 

Even as Vestra ignited her sword, Qyro leapt towards the rider, knocking him off the bike. He took control of it, steering it over and behind the hover car. The rebel clinging out of the window shot jets of blue at Vestra, who ran along by the vehicle’s right. Her ignited sword spun wildly to block the shots. Qyro aimed the canon, and shot … A beam of red erupted from the tip of the bike’s canon, and sailed over to the hover car. A dazzling, orange explosion swallowed the car, shattering its remains on all sides. Vestra leapt out of the way of the wreckage sent spewed at her, and Qyro spun the bike to the left just in time to avoid the flaming remains of the car which continued to sail forward in the air, before slipping off and toppling to the ground loudly. 

Qyro landed the bike and Vestra came to a stop by his side. 

“This would come in handy.” he called to Vestra, tapping the hover bike. “Hop on,” 

She slid over behind him on the bike. Qyro gave a half glance back, and saw that the coast was clear: the rebels had given up. Or he hoped so. He spun the throttle, and the bike lurched forward, soaring over the ground and away from the village behind them…

__________


In a tower rising high up, close to where the two Nyon were, the rebel warlord Razvol sat with his back reclined against his seat. A set of pounding footsteps broke the silence, and before he could begin to wonder what was happening, the door to his room had blasted open. One of his rebels, cloaked in white, stood there, his chest heaving rapidly. 

“My lord,” said Pavio, as he finished catching up on his breath. “It’s the two prisoners that we caught earlier … They’ve escaped.”

Razvol allowed not the meanest shred of emotion to show on his face as he held his gaze over Pavio, who seemed to shrink inwardly. Rising to his feet, he strode across the room, facing Pavio with his nose inches from the other’s. 

“Do you have any idea what you’ve just done?” he breathed. 

Pavio blanched. “My lord … I swear, we -”

“Those are no ordinary prisoners, you blasted fool!” erupted Razvol. “Those two are anything but ordinary prisoners: they’re sworn enemies of our masters, the ones we answer to. The sworn enemies of the Xeni.”

The final word seemed to leave a thunderblow over Pavio, whose jaw dropped. His eyes went round. 

“The Xeni…” Pavio whispered, the blood draining from his face. “They’re the ones in control of this entire rebel operation. Our superiors.”

“Yes, fool! And I answer directly to them. Displeasing them is certainly not a wise thing to do.”

He twisted around, letting his gaze fall over the window outside. He scanned the village expanding below him, suppressing the rising panic mingled with rage. “We can’t let those two get away. It would bring great displeasure from my masters when they find out.”

“It’s not a problem, my lord.” said Pavio, his tone now gathering a new confidence. “They haven’t gotten far at all. I’ll take my men, and put a stop to them!”

His insides heralding another blast of fury, Razvol spun towards Pavio. “We need them alive! Don’t you put a stop to them, when they’re so much needed alive.”

Pavio’s expression grew fazed with confusion. “Alive? For what?”

“I wouldn’t expect you to know why.” said Razvol. “My masters have long wanted the chance to capture a member of the brotherhood of Nyon. You see, the Xeni have long fought with the Nyon… and have long wanted to vanquish them forever. But the Nyon had been sealed in hiding, so well hidden that none even knew of their existence this long. All along The Xeni have yearned to find them, and slaughter the entire lot of them. But the location of their hideout, the Nyon temple, has always remained a hard fetched secret. The Xeni will be delighted in having two members of the brotherhood delivered to them, so that they can squeeze out the location of their hated enemy’s hidden lair from the two of them.”

As Pavio continued to standing there, Razvol wheeled towards the window again, feeling a new rush in his veins. There was absolutely no mistaking it. No mistaking what this meant. And why those two had come here. He slowly strode back to his desk, and punched a security code into the digit pad. A small container unlocked itself from the surface of the desk, the two lids over it opening outwards. And inside the secret vault, carefully hidden for so long now, undisturbed … lay the object. 

It resembled a splintered glass shard, no larger in size than a prick. But its size was a deadly illusion that concealed the true depths of the power, and the madness that lay within it. This, Razvol realised with a slow sinking in his stomach, was what the two Nyon had come here for. And for that one reason itself, they could not be allowed to leave the village from them. Because if they now carried the knowledge of this object’s presence here, then things were far worse than they appeared. And the Xeni certainly wouldn’t be happy…

Zardin certainly wouldn’t be happy…

Hands trembling slightly, he placed the object back in the desk. Then he raised his gaze back to Pavio and barked, “Well, have the two of them subdued and brought back.”

Pavio’s eyes contracted in a focussed frown. He gave a salute and said, “Not to worry, they’re as good as ours, now.  I’ve got something up my sling that they’d never see coming.”

__________


Qyro felt his bronze hair blasted backwards at the force of the wind as the bike raced forward over the unlevelled, rugged terrain. 

They must now be miles from the village, having rode across the lands beyond it for more than five minutes now. They had streaked forth in a wild, unhindered speed, throwing glances back every few seconds. To ensure that the rebels had left them alone. And it seemed they had. 

“They’ve given up, then.” came Vestra’s voice, slightly uncertain. Her head was turned back towards the village, watching nervously.  

Qyro nodded. “No way they’re catching us now, anyway.” 

He gave the bike a little more throttle, and felt the tug of inertia pull him back slightly as the bike jumped forward, faster. They kept on for what seemed like a few minutes, the bike’s high speed flow unhampered. Qyro cast a final glance back. They had clearly traversed many miles from the village, which had now faded, merging into the line that made the horizon. 

“I think we’re safe now.” he concluded, letting the bike’s throttle fall. 

The bike came to a steady stop over the unlevelled ground, hovering a feet over it so that the two of them slowly climbed off and stood by either side of it. 

“What now?” asked Vestra, her gaze still fixed on the horizon behind them, as if anticipating another attack from the rebels.

Qyro shrugged. “Nothing more we can do.”

Vestra looked at him uncertainly. “It was crucial that we retrieved that crystal object … and we failed.” She sighed. “I guess the masters really overestimated us, eh?” 

Qyro gave a short laugh. “No. they underestimated the rebel village we were attacking. Nobody could’ve attempted breaching a place so tightly guarded. And hoped to get out alive, that is. We were lucky we did.”

__________


The electric buzz of the ship’s large engine was faint inside of the hull. Pavio stood with his fists clenched behind his back. About a dozen of the rebels stood ready behind him, clutching Sparklers with both hands. They were all in the hull of his ship, a large black machine, which had served him in his brutallic ventures for a decade now. Pavio had called in a dozen other of his men into the ship, and had set off after their two prized targets. This ship was no ordinary one, and Pavio saved it only for the biggest of hunts and pursuits. Pursuits that he would not fail in, no matter what. There was no way the two kids weren’t getting away from him this time. 

The lone pilot of the ship sat behind the control desk, looking sideways at Pavio. Awaiting the green light. 

Pavio nodded, and the pilot turned back to the control desk.

__________


Qyro and Vestra stood by the hover bike, still watching the horizon behind them. As though expecting the rebels to come soaring at them with a giant battle troop. 

“Well, they really have given up, then.” said Vestra, turning to Qyro. 

Nodding, Qyro drew his eyes back in front of the bike, preparing to mount it. “Guess they have.”

The ground ahead of them exploded: an air splitting blast blew out a large crater in the land, giant chunks of the earth tossed outwards. And hovering out of the crater was a large black ship, perching itself dead ahead of them. 

The two of them, hiding behind the bike to shield from the chunks of earth soaring at them, looked up and froze at what they saw. The ship hovered on the spot, its canons aimed right at them. 

“Run!” bellowed Qyro, leaping to his feet. But it was too late: the canons fired. A beam of red leaped out of it, shooting right towards them. The two of them flung themselves behind, to no avail: the canon’s beam hit the ground ahead of them with a violent blast. The force of the blast sent the two of them soaring backwards, as though hit by a crane. Qyro felt himself fly backwards. He smashed to the ground over the unlevelled terrain, the impact making pain explode over his back which took the full weight of the landing. The speed of his landing left him to spin on over the ground in a whirl of sand and dust. 

As he lay crumpled and half broken on the ground, he felt his vision dull, and blackness closed in on him slowly. His limbs seemed to burn with the pain of the heavy, crashing landing. With all the effort it could cost him, Qyro fought off the onsetting unconsciousness. Breathing slowly, he craned his head up and looked about. He saw Vestra lying in a small, unmoving heap of blue a few metres to his right. She whimpered in pain where she lay. 

Qyro’s trembling hand reached for his sword. But before he drew it, the thudding of multiple footsteps came closing in from ahead of him. He looked ahead to see more than a dozen masked rebels surrounding the two of them, every pair of hands aiming a Sparkler at the two of them. One of them took a step forward towards where Qyro lay in a crumpled heap, and held his Sparkler an inch from his face. 

“Play time’s over, kid.”






15




Pavio flew the ship right over Razvol’s tower, landing over the roof. Razvol’s room was at the topmost floor. He exited the ship with five of his men who escorted the two bound Nyon, and together they strode down the hallway leading to Razvol’s room. 

Taking five of his men with him, he stormed down the corridor towards the door at the far end, the door to Razvol’s room. The two bound Nyon trailed behind him. They had their hands clasped with iron shackles, and had five rebels walking by them, ready to freeze them at the first sign of resistance. 

Drawing in a deep breath as they arrived before Razvol’s door, Pavio pushed it open. The eight of them walked inside the room, stopping before Razvol’s desk. 

Razvol sat on his chair behind the desk, facing back so that they couldn’t see him. And his lone bodyguard stood beside his desk. Pavio glanced at the bodyguard nervously, partly worried if he had interrupted Razvol in one of his bad tempers. The guard gave a nod, and Pavio cleared his throat.

“I’m sorry for the delay, lord Razvol.” he said. “I have the prisoners here.” He glanced back at the two Nyon, surrounded by his five men. 

“Well, so long, kids.” he said, pulling out his z-com. He typed a verbal message to the Xeni, informing them of the two Nyon they had captured for them. Sending the message, he slipped the z-com back into his robe pocket. 

“The Xeni will be here anytime now,” he declared, turning to the two of them behind. “Imagine how pleased they would be when we hand them two members of the Nyon, their most ancient foes.” He gave a harsh chuckle. “Oh they’ll squeeze out everything they can about your brotherhood from the two of you. They have long awaited the opportunity to know the location of the Nyon temple, and attack it. And it seems like today, it is finally here.”

He enjoyed the sight of the two youngsters flaring with rage. 

“You’ll never win.” The Redling boy whispered, his face a mirror of anger and contempt. “The Xeni will never win.”

“They already have.” said Pavio, smiling. “Didn’t you hear me? I’ve sent a message to them, informing them of the two of you. They’ll be here anytime now.”

He turned back to Razvol, who continued to sit with the back of the chair facing them. 

“This will be one glorious day indeed.” said Pavio, grinning. “The Xeni would be most pleased in what we’ve got for them. Won’t they, master?” 

He gave Razvol’s chair a mild prod from the back … and it turned over to reveal the dead body of Razvol lying slumped over it. A long, thin slash cut through his torso - a sword slash. But the slash glowed in a mild orange colour, and wisps of steam emitted from it. It was no ordinary sword which had done this … and no ordinary attacker. A mystic…

The guard standing beside the desk suddenly produced a long, thin sword and raised it high. There was a crisp orange flash, and the sword’s blade was shining in bright orange … And in that fragment of a second, Pavio realised that this was not Razvol’s bodyguard. It was an imposter. A mystic imposter.

Before he had even begun to process his next move, the mystic dressed up as the guard came lunging at him, fist clenched. Pavio felt himself fly backwards at the force of the mystic’s knuckles on his chest. He smashed into the wall behind him and slid down… 

In front of him, his five men stared for a mini second, before reality broke over them. But by the time they had raised their Sparklers at the mystic, he had already launched over them… 

In two swift slashes, the man had struck an arm off two of them, and they collapsed in pain. Within the next second, he smashed another two’s heads together, and then rammed his sword’s hilt into the last one’s face. And all of them hit the floor, unconscious. 

The two captive Nyon stood at the corner of the room, watching with their jaws wide open. 

Dousing his blade and returning it to its sheath, the mystic slowly walked towards where Pavio lay, bearing down on him through the rebel’s mask he wore. 

“Who are you?” Pavio asked in a bare whisper, as the mystic slowly bent over him. 

“I’m Ion.” he said. “And believe me when I say, I’ve just come back from hell…” 

He peeled off his mask to reveal the face of a boy in his late teens, with spiked red hair. And eyes of a burning orange colour. Ion clenched and drew back his fist, and released a mindjolting smack upon Pavio, who felt the world around him fade to black…


Two hours back


The Heligor slashed through the heavy waves, the ship’s old mechanical engine loud and booming.

Steering the wheel upfront on the deck stood a man with pitch black fur all over his body. A Blackling. He was biting his lower lip and shaking his head to himself, giving any stray viewer the appearance that he was having a conversation with himself. Selvox had been the captain of this shipping boat for twenty years now. But in all his twenty years, he had never experienced something this … insane. 

A knock on his door, and a voice came from behind him: “Sir –”

“What’s the latest update?” Selvox cut across the man. 

The man slowly walked into the room, facing Selvox from his right. “He says his name is Ion…”

“And what does he say as to exactly how he dropped from the sky?”

Selvox turned to look at his crew member, who gave an ironic chuckle. 

“He says we’re better off not knowing.”

“He’s bloody right we are.” agreed Selvox, shaking his head. 

Just a few minutes ago, as he steered his ship down the raging waters, Selvox had wondered for the meanest moment if his eyes were functioning properly: because he caught sight of something dropping from the cloudy skies into the raging ocean below … But a closer look told him that it wasn’t just something. It was a body. Dead or alive, it was hard to tell. Selvox’s black fur rippled with chills as he gaped at what he was seeing: a body, appearing to be chained up, crashed into the middle of the ocean less than a mile ahead of him. He had the slightest suspicion that it wasn’t a dead body … Somebody was being left to drown at the bottom of the ocean. Right now. 

Abandoning everything else, the crew had set the ship to where they had seen the body drop. They had set their divers in, equipped and armed. And in less than ten minutes, the divers had re surfaced with a body that was chained up and unconscious. They had laid it on the ship’s floor, cut the chains and found that it was a mere boy. No older than eighteen for sure. 

And he was alive, though with a few minor broken bones that they were able to mend. They were lucky to have been close to where he had fallen into the ocean. For if not, he would have been left to drown painfully. As the boy came around, he was seemed completely oblivious to the fact that he had just escaped a gruesome death: all he wanted was to borrow one of their emergency ships and leave instantly. He seemed to have to attend to a direly important task of some sort. 

Selvox had never been more intrigued in his life. 

“Where does he need to go?” he asked, letting go of the steering wheel and turning to the crew member. “He seemed to be in a rush from the moment he woke.”

The crew member gave a lazy shrug. “He says that we wouldn’t believe him if he told us anyway.”

Turning back to the wheel, Selvox muttered to himself. “This is one strange day.”

“The rest of the crew think so too. And,” The crew member’s voice reached an edge of hesitancy. He took a step forward. “he’s carrying a sword.”

Selvox needed a second for the implication of the sentence to reach him. He whipped his head about at the crew member, frowning. “What?” 
	
The man gave a shrug, but his eyes were slightly wide, apprehensive. 

Selvox held the man’s gaze for a long second, both of them now feeling the rising tension in the air. Then, Selvox broke the tension with an easy laugh. “Don’t be ridiculous.” He gave a wave of his hand. “It isn’t only mystics that you find carrying swords.” 

The man looked relieved at his captain’s dismissal of this theory, which he had apparently allowed to breed. He also gave an airy chuckle, his posture now relaxing. 

“Of course,” he said. “I just … we just thought it was strange, though.”

Like we’re gone find a mystic falling out of the sky! thought Selvox. He looked at the man and said, “See what the kid needs. He’s just been through something hell traumatic … for whatever reason he isn’t telling us what it is, it probably only makes it worse. He needs rest and some tending to.”

The man’s face split in a mirthful grin.  “Sir … the boy seems anything other than traumatized. And he definitely doesn’t want rest or tending to. Whatever reason it is, he wants to leave right now and fly off for something important – and he’s begging to borrow one of our escape ships for it!”

Selvox scowled as he continued to steer the ship through the treacherous waters. He was feeling almost humoured at this strange character they had found, and everything surrounding him. 

“You know what,” he said finally. “let me go talk to the boy. He needs some help to make a recovery from this incident. And I’ll help him through it until we get to shore.”

“Sure.” said the man. “He’s in the first room in the left corridor.” 

Selvox nodded, set the ship in autodrive, and then strode off down the corridor. He pushed the door open to the room where the boy was. 

But it was empty. 

As he stood there, wondering where Ion had gone, the thudding of a pair of running footsteps came forth from the other side of the corridor. Another of his crew members came to a stall before him, panting.

“What is it?” asked Selvox.

“C-Captain, one of…” panted the man, hands on his knees. And then, he straightened up and shook his head. “One of our emergency escape ships … have been stolen.”

Selvox blinked at the man for a second, feeling the impact of the words land over his head slowly. He looked around, gazing into the empty room where Ion was. He was staring into the empty room for a long series of seconds, before shaking his head slowly. 

“This is one strange day.” he repeated.






16

The present


As Ion broke the iron bindings of the two Nyon with his sword, the two of them stood there, rubbing their arms absently. For a long, quiet second, they were both gaping at him, as though wondering if they were seeing correctly. 

“You’re welcome.” he said, dousing his sword and sheathing it. His gaze flitted between the two of them, both their faces mirrors of the same confusion and shock. 

Inwardly, this was a moment in Ion’s life that seemed to outweigh the beauty of all others… 

Seeing her again seemed to have triggered a small explosion at the bottom of his stomach.

Vestra didn’t recognise him though, and her black eyes held the same mixture of confusion and shock as the other Nyon next to her. Ion’s gaze shifted to the boy standing beside her. He was a Redling, his pointed yellow teeth revealed slightly as he stared at Ion with a half open mouth. His bronze hair was wild and tousled, somewhat like Ion’s. Like the other two youngsters in the room, he too, looked about eighteen. His eyes unlatched themselves from Ion to run through the rest of the room, and the bodies of the unconscious rebels lying over it. Before travelling back to Ion with a deeper shade of shock. 

“Who are you?” asked the Redling finally, sounding bewildered. 

“Someone whom you can count on to show up at the right time.” replied Ion. 

The two of them exchanged a glance. 

The Redling cocked his head slightly, surveying Ion with a calculating expression. “Are you here to help us?”

“Judging by the fact that I just saved your life,” said Ion. “your best bet should be that I am.”

“But … why?” asked Vestra, sounding confused more than shocked. 

The Redling beside her continued to regard Ion with a sceptical look, his head tilted. “No offence … but how do we know we can trust you?”

Ion turned and stared out the window, past the row of buildings stretching down the large village. The dangerous enemy territory they were now amidst. He turned back to the Redling and Vestra with a press of impatience in his tone as he spoke. 

“I suggest you take my word for it at the moment. Because right now, if we’re gonna wanna go on living, we’d better be running instead of talking.”

While the Redling continued to survey him, Vestra slowly drew in a deep breath and placed an arm on the boy’s shoulder. 

“Qyro, he’s right.” she told him. “Now’s not the time. We should leave while we can.”

The Redling, Qyro, inhaled slowly and nodded. “Fair enough, then.” His gaze darted to Razvol’s table, behind Ion. “But let’s not forget what we came here for.” 

He leapt across the room in three strides and pushed the chair with Razvol’s body aside, causing the body to slump and fall off. Ion watched as he searched the top of the table in a neat sweep of his eyes before bending down, wrenching open his drawers and rummaging through them. Finally, his hands froze in the midst of the rummaging, and a smile spread across his red furred features. 

“Did you find it?” asked Vestra.

Qyro shut the drawer and straightened up, raising an object in his right hand, the same one Mantra had shown Ion in the holo screen. It was, in simplest appearance, a crystal shard. Thin, pointed and glinting in the light, no longer than the Redling’s forefinger and no thicker than a few strands of hair. 

Ion found himself gaping at the crystal shard with his jaw open. 

The beam on his face growing stronger, Qyro pocketed the crystal shard like object.

“We’re done here, then.” he said, striding over across the room towards the exit behind them. “Let’s head out.”

__________


Now having seen the strange object live, Ion felt his confusion double: the Nyon had sent the other two and himself into the most dangerous planet in the spectrum to retrieve what looked like a crystal shard. And nothing more. A part of him was yearning to know what in the world was going on, and why the three of them were here risking their lives for this utterly ridiculous object. But he kept that part of him reserved for later on, knowing better than to abandon focus at a time like this: as of now, their priority was getting out of here alive with this strange object. The questions could be posed later on, if they were alive to ask them, of course. 

Taking the white cloaks and masks from the rebels lying about the room, the three of them disguised themselves as members of the rebel squad and slowly made their way down the village’s cold streets. They skulked from street to street, stealthily moving through the maze of streets and keeping themselves to lanes that were smaller and less prone to have rebels moving through them. The few rebels they did pass threw strange lingering glances at the trio as they walked past. And at such instances when they did pass rebels, they would grip their sword handles tighter beneath their cloaks, sensing something loom over them. But the rebels they walked past so far didn’t seem to sniff out anything fishy at the pack of three moving down the place, and simply let them walk on, unconfronted. 

The earlier lack of fortune that the two Nyon sent here had had seemed to have now been made up for as they tried exiting the village: they had managed to make it to the outskirts of the village without being attacked, without giving themselves away. As they reached the edge of the village, the three of them threw off their cloaks and took to a mindless dash down the lands beyond, aiming to put as much distance between them and the village as they could with their legs could handle. 

After fifteen whole minutes of running, the three of them came to stall, panting relentlessly into the silent night air. As they finally gathered their breaths and were able to speak again, the Redling turned to Ion again. 

“Great,” he said. “Now, if you don’t mind explaining yourself, pal,” He exchanged a glance with Vestra. “Who are you, and why’d you help us back there?”

Ion took in a deep breath. “I’m one of you, now.” 

The two of them lifted eyebrows together. 

“One of us?” repeated Vestra. 

“Yeah,” said Ion. “one of the Nyon. An hour or so back, Mantra and a few others from your elder council found me, and convinced me to help them.”

The shock returned to leave both their faces blank again for a moment or two. 

“Mantra and some of our council,” said the Redling slowly, looking thoughtful. “They asked you to join them?”

“Yeah,” said Ion. “I was a stray mystic they’d been keeping an eye on. They thought I’d be a good candidate to join them.”

“How’s that?” asked Vestra. 

Ion allowed her a smile. “Because of you, of course.”

“Me?” she asked, taken aback. 

“You told them that I’d make a good member when you met me two years back.”

Vestra looked at him incredulously for a few seconds, before slowly saying, “I’m sorry, do we know each other?”

Ion considered the question for a moment. He thought it would be slightly awry to say, “Yes, you’re the girl I’ve dreamt of for two years now.” Instead, he decided on, “You saved me from the Zelgron warlord, Carcasar, two years back, remember?”

As he finished Vestra’s eyes drifted into memory for a few seconds. Then, a smile sprang to her lips. “You’re … Ion.”

One more person knows my name. thought Ion. Guess that brings the count upto … well, one.

The Redling fixed Ion with an intrigued stare. “So … Mantra and the elder council sent you here?”

“They did.”

“They found and sent a stray mystic to help us?”

“Let’s hope they weren’t making a mistake there.”

The Redling gave an amused laugh. “Of course not. It’s just … there’s gotta be something really big going on. To push them to such an extent.”

Ion scowled, inwardly trying to scout out a heading through the murky background they were in. “I had that very same feeling.”

Qyro’s sceptical look now dissolved, allowing a friendly grin to spread over his face. 

“Well, if what you’re saying is true,” he said. “We’re sorry for doubting you, man. It’s just … policy demands that we keep up our vigilance.”

“A wise policy.” Ion nodded. He now felt his earlier curiosity rise inside of him. “What was that thing you two were sent to recover?”

Qyro thrust his hand into his pocket and withdrew the small crystal, which looked like a toothpick made out of glass, shining and well crafted. But definitely not worth such a chaotic misadventure for all three of them. 

“What the hell us it?” asked Ion. Not bothering to keep the tone of startlement down. 

“Whatever it is,” said Qyro, pocketing it again. “It’s definitely more than it looks.”

“Let’s hope so.” said Ion, nodding. “It would be a pity if we’d risked our necks for a broken piece of glass.”


Ion had parked the escape ship which he had stolen across the other side of the village. After fleeing the village successfully and ending up here, they agreed that it would be beyond foolish to tread anywhere back towards the village to retrieve the ship. Qyro and Vestra had brought their hover boards, which they remembered to have parked closeby. They walked further off from the village for less than two minutes before arriving at the trough in the unlevelled terrain where the two vehicles lay safely parked. 

“So where is the brotherhood hiding, currently?” asked Ion, something that had never occurred to him to ask earlier on. 

“The Nyon temple’s hidden in a planet deep in the outer spectrum.” said Qyro, as the two of them walked over to where their boards lay. “Pretty deep into it, actually.”

“It’s in the planet Farnor, which is in the seventh level of the outer spectrum.” said Vestra. 

Ion had travelled wide across the outer spectrum. But he’d never heard of this planet. It was clear that the Nyon were keeping themselves well hidden. In a planet barely even heard of. They were safer than he might have guessed. 

“How long would it take us to get there?’ he asked, as the two of them stood bent over their long, thin hover boards, with flawless black skin that gleamed in the moon and starlight. 

Vestra paused as she set the hover board to its destination. “It took us about half an hour to reach here.” 

As soon as she said it, a fierce beeping noise emitted from the folds of her robes. A noise Ion knew to be that of a z-com with an incoming call. 

Qyro paused and looked over as Vestra drew the z-com and pressed a button. A holographic screen grew to life over the device. And a familiar face stared out of it. But the calm look which Ion had seen earlier on Mantra’s face was gone, and a heavy anxiety was left to cloud his features. His eyebrows rose slightly as his vision registered Vestra and Qyro, standing before the screen. 

“You’re alive!”

“Hope you’re not sorry.” snapped Qyro, who dug his hand into his robe and produced the shiny crystal object. He held it before the screen for Mantra to see. The elderly master’s eyes widened as they fell over it. 

“We’ve got it,” said Qyro, turning to Ion who stood beside the two of them. “With a little bit of help that you’ve sent our way.”

“You got it!” exclaimed Mantra, and the tone in his voice for some reason, was not that of delight and relief … It was of alarm and terror. 

Vestra’s eyes sank in a troubled frown. “Why, is something wrong?”

“Where are you?” 

The three of them exchanged glances, not failing to miss the growing tenseness in Mantra’s voice. 

“We’re still on the planet.” answered Qyro. “We haven’t left, yet.”

“Master, is something wrong?” repeated Vestra. 

Mantra continued to keep his eyes steadily held on the crystal Qyro raised before him. Then, gathering a quick, deep breath, the master went on in a slightly less panicky tone. 

“The object you’ve acquired is a very, very crucial one. We have to ensure that it’s brought back to the temple safely, without the slightest chance of falling to the wrong hands. Hear me out.” He drew in another deep breath, and said slowly, “That crystal must not fall to the wrong hands … even the Naxim’s. But we’ve just discovered a big problem with that particular part.”

__________


The three of them stared at Mantra’s face in the holo screen, sharing the confused silence for a second.

“What problem?” asked Qyro, throwing his hands out. “We don’t see any problem. We’re going to get on our hover boards now, and reach the temple in less than half an -”

“That my friend, is the very problem.” said Mantra, his voice taking a slower pace. “We’ve just got intel from Dantox that the Naxim has been alerted of the three of you by the rebels in the village. And apparently, they’ve scanned their satellite cameras and spotted the two of you arriving on your hover boards. The entire planet’s now on high alert. They’re watching the skies of the planet, monitoring every ship and car and board leaving it. The planet’s skies are being watched carefully. If you leave on the hover boards, they won’t fail to recognise the two of you from the video which caught you entering. And you’ll be goners before you knew it.”

His words ended in cold silence.

“They have satellite imagery of the hover boards the two of us came here in.” Qyro said, looking over at the two hover boards. “Then our boards are ruled out: they’re obviously expecting us to leave the same way.”

“It makes no difference,” said Mantra. “because they’re still keeping their alerted watch on every personal vehicle moving out of the planet.”

“They’re monitoring every ship and vehicle leaving the planet to find us , you say?” asked Vestra in a shrill whisper. She looked around at the other two, unable to complete the assimilation that was running through all their heads now. “This means…”

“That we’re trapped here.” whispered Qyro, looking stunned. “We can’t leave at all.”

Ion ran a hand through his red hair absently, his insides bubbling with anxiety and discord.
 
“And if you’re near the village right now,” said Mantra. “Then you can’t stay there either: they’re sending their forces to scout out the region around the village, in case you’re still here.”

The three of them drew their eyes off the screen from which they were hearing all these announcements, and gazed at each other in silent alarm. 

“What the hell do we do, then?” asked Ion finally. 

“Whatever you do now,” said Mantra. “There will be a very grave risk involved. The situation’s now changed with the Naxim having been alerted of you. But seeing as all the options are plain suicide anyway, we’ll have to surrender to the lesser of two dangerous ones.”

“Which is?” asked Vestra.

“Public transport.” answered Mantra. 

“That’s half crazy.” protested Qyro. “Are you telling me that the ship stations haven’t been alerted of us?”

“The Naxim would have placed the planet’s authorities on alert as well.” pointed out Ion. “Which means the planet’s authorities will be keeping an eye out for us around here, especially in ship stations.”

“As a matter of fact,” said Vestra. “they’ll be watching out for us everywhere. There’s nowhere here on this planet’s that’s safe anymore.”

To their surprise, a smile broadened over Mantra’s face. “Exactly. That’s what I’m heading to: there’s nowhere in the planet that’s safe for you anymore. But of all the places, the ship station would be almost safest. Because the Naxim would be taking things from your point of view. And when they do that, they would assume that you wouldn’t dare use public transport in the most prominent planet that they’re present in: they would find it rather foolish of you. So, they would focus their resources instead on other regions, where they presume you would be more likely to be found. And their presumption can garner us a sleek advantage. Believe me, the options right now are very slim. And public transport is the safest of all of them.”

As the three of them digested this, Mantra went on in a bolder tone. “But there’s one more advantage to our side here: the image taken by the satellite caught Qyro and Vestra entering the planet together. And now, they’re expecting the two of you to leave together as well. They’ll be keeping a lookout for a young man and woman of your description travelling as one. And this gives us another advantage: if the two of you split up, you may have a better chance. If you two head to separate hangars, you may slip past their attention because the other member of the pair the camera caught was found missing. They probably wouldn’t expect to find one of the target pair alone.”

“All right, then.” Qyro nodded. “Vestra and I go separately. Got it.”

“Good,” said Mantra. “Now, keep yourself steady, and follow my lead from here. And the three of you may just be able to reach here alive.”






17




Less than an hour later…

Cruiser 3209 took off from the southern space station of Radioc with two hundred and eighty seven passengers seated inside of its seventeen halls. Somewhere in hall number 43, a young man with rich red hair and orange eyes and a Redling with bronze hair were seated at the corner of the hall. Ion and Qyro watched from the window by their right as the large vessel soared through space. 

“That was rather surprisingly easy.” said Ion, feeling the tension vanish now with the two of them having safely boarded the cruiser and away from that deadly planet. 

Qyro nodded. “Half a piece of cake.”

Ion looked down at the heavy furcoat he was now robed in, and the almost ludicrously long and stuffy trench coat Qyro had worn only reluctantly. Both of the heavily furred coats had been ‘borrowed’ from a streetside vendor they had passed along their way to the hangar.

Things had fared better than they could have hoped, and Mantra’s plan was the reason for it: he been right to tell Vestra and Qyro to split up. He thought that a girl travelling alone would arouse less suspicion, as with two boys. And so, Ion and Qyro had made their way to the nearest hangar. Mantra had suggested a heavy disguise, but also one that had thick fur which would act as a very mild shield to their mystical auras. In case there were mystical energy detectors in the hangar. Whether or not it was needed they knew not, but luck gave them a heavy favour: they slipped right into the hangar, and had breezed right through to put themselves on the very first cruiser leaving the planet. It couldn’t have been easier. 

While the hangar the two of them came to was closer, Vestra had to reach a hangar slightly further off. She had messaged Qyro just a minute or two back, informing them that she had managed to get into the hangar safely, and would be boarding the cruiser she was awaiting anytime now.

The items cluttered in his pocket added to the weight of the furcoat. Scowling, Ion shoved his hand into the cloak pocket underneath his furcoat and drew a handful of the stuff lying inside of it. 

The crumpled piece of paper that he had been carrying for months now… 

And the strangely shaped, large fang like object Jedius had given him… 

Ion stared at the fang for a moment, before realising that it deserved a better position than lying buried at the base of his pocket, forgotten. This meant far more to him … And he needed it, the last token of his master, to constantly remind him of something he could never forget. 

Just as he needed the poster to remind him of something he could never forget as well…

“Hold this for a bit, won’t you?” said Ion, placing the crumpled poster on Qyro’s lap. He tore a long strip of cloth off his sleeve. Using it, he wove a necklace like string for the fang, and wore it around his neck. He turned to Qyro, who had unrolled the poster and was staring at the criminal in it, his face grave. 

“What do you carry this around for?” he asked, turning to Ion. “That’s the wanted poster of one of the deadliest assassins and murderers that’s now on the loose. I wouldn’t keep that for company if I were you.” He handed the poster back to Ion. 

Ion stared at the poster for a second, before sighing. “Yeah, well I would.”

Qyro’s stare intensified, intrigued. “Why’s that?” 

“I am a part of you, Ion …  You can’t outrun me.” Ion looked down at the poster, at the face with the glowing red eyes and black hair. 

“Don’t worry,” he said in a casual tone. “That’s not really as scary as he really looks. The poster’s made from a drawn one. It’s not a real capture of him.” He frowned. “And whoever drew it added the glowing eyes, the pale skin and other stupid features to overdo the scary effect people have of him.”

Qyro’s eyes roamed over the poster, surveying it, before slowly rising to meet Ion. He was quiet for a moment, before saying, “You talk like you know him, this murderer in the poster.”

Ion felt his eyebrows contract in a faint frown above his nose. “We’ve met.”

Qyro’s eyes widened slightly. “You’ve met him?”

“You could say so, I guess.”

Qyro’s face hosted a mixture of shock and curiosity, the latter mounting steadily. 

“How?”

Ion gave another strained sigh, his gaze carrying out the window by Qyro’s right. “It’s hard to explain, pal.”

“Is it?”

“Believe me.” Ion shook his head. “It really is.”
 
“Try me.” said Qyro, with a hint of boldness in his voice. “What’ve you shared with that guy in the poster?”

Ion gave the question a moment’s thought … He gave the situation a moment’s thought, and then turned around to face Qyro full in the face, deciding to give the answer. 

“Everything.” he said softly, feeling his lips part in a smile. “The guy in the poster is me.”

__________


Vestra felt her anxiety slowly vanish now that she’d made it into the station successfully. She had made her booking for the first cruiser to leave the planet, and was now having to wait for it to arrive. It would be here in a few minutes. Meanwhile, she was now strolling down one of the corridors, feeling her fear and tension now replaced by a sluggish boredom. As she walked down the hall, her eyes automatically zipped to focus over something pasted at the corner of the large room. 

A poster. 

And it depicted a murderer on the loose, a dangerous assassin whom the states of the spectrum were striving to hunt down … He had glowing eyes and black hair. 

Vestra knew who this most wanted criminal was…

She had just met him less than an hour back.

But instead of fear, anger or disgust, the emotion she felt as she stared at the poster … was sympathy.

Sighing softly, Vestra turned and continued walking. 


To be continued …


In THE RISING SUN – Episode 3


