
The Rising Sun

Clocks 
BOOK ONE




J HAWK



Copyright © 2014 J Hawk




EPISODE 5


1




As the night deepened, the three of them found it harder to find sleep than they normally would have. 

Dantox strolled across the restaurant idly, his eyes on the dusty floor ahead of him. Mantra sat over the same seat, his posture straight and focussed as always. His white eyes were fixed ahead, and Ion had the strangest feeling that the elderly master was meditating with his eyes open. 

Ion stood before the glass wall, watching the desert expanse stretching across outside. The blanket of the night rested overhead, serene and still as always, with a million glinting lights spread over it. The sight brought less warmth in Ion’s soul than it usually would have. 

He felt strangely stale from the inside as he stood here, trapped in this planet. Helpless. While across the spectrum, very soon, ten whole planets would bite the dust one by one. He felt like a caged animal, and the sensation of not being able to help when he so desperately wanted to … it was agonizing. 

His memory burned uncomfortably as he remembered those days when his ways had been quite the opposite of what they were now. His days as a brutal murderer. He had joined the Nyon to amend those days. To bring light to the world to erase the dark shade he had left earlier on. To ease the pain. To ease the guilt. But sitting here, watching the rest of the world suffer without being able to help only made the guilt boil harder within him.

Unable to control his recklessness, Ion turned and paced down the length of the restaurant, staring at the ground ahead of him. He paused every few seconds to turn and glance out the window again.

Mantra was sitting on the same chair, just as idle as always, while Dantox was standing in front of the glass wall by the left, his arms behind his back. The dragonfly like creatures were buzzing about over the place, the only sound heard through the silence. Dantox slowly came walking back to this side of the restaurant, and took a seat beside Mantra. Ion continued to pace back and forth for a while before he could finally contain himself, and came to a stop by their table. 

“This feels like the wrongest thing I’ve ever done.” he mumbled. “And that’s really saying something.”

“We are not asking you to enjoy this, son.” said Dantox. “And neither are we enjoying it.”

Mantra, who had his eyes frozen ahead of him, moved for the first time in minutes by shaking his head slowly. 

“I have been forced to watch worse than this.” he told Ion. “I guarantee you.”

“I somehow doubt that.” said Ion. 

The faint crease of a smile came upon Mantra’s face. “I hope I don’t have to remind you that what you’re facing now … is just a repeat of what I’ve already faced.”

Ion was quiet for a second, as he realised that there was no argument against that. 

The three of them grew silent again, and Ion resumed pacing the length of the restaurant. Where do things go from here? … Where do we go from here? 

He stood looking at the desolate lands surrounding them for a quiet while. And then he squinted, stepping closer to the glass… 

Something seemed to ripple at the far end of the desert expanse … The calm region before the horizon seemed to distort as something appeared upon it. 

Ion blinked, wondering if his eyes were playing tricks… 

But he knew they weren’t. 

Rushing down across the desert expanse from the horizon, towards the restaurant, came a tide of what looked like … bodies?

__________


Feeling his lips curve savagely, Zardin patted the cloaked man on the back. “I think your forces should have reached the planet by now.”

“They certainly would have.” Carcasar replied in the inhumane rasp he had for a voice. He slowly turned and looked at Zardin with his hooded face. And as he did, Zardin could sense the gleaming smile lighting his ravaged features beneath the hood. 

“My Zelgron would have reached them by now,” the Zelgron warlord rasped. “And when they do, I think Ion would be very delighted to see them again.”

__________


The tide of cloaked creatures came sweeping down the desert in a mad rage towards them. Towards the restaurant. The two masters had gotten to their feet, standing before the glass wall by Ion’s side. All three of them were gaping at what they saw outside with their eyes stretched wide. 

“Is that … what it looks like?” asked Ion, his voice constricted all of a sudden. 

Beside him, Mantra gave a slow nod without turning his head from what he was seeing. “I think it is…”

“Zelgron,” breathed Dantox, his voice alive with a fresh fear.

The effect of the word seemed to sink into the air like a dagger sinking into flesh. 

The three of them had their widened eyes fastened over what they were seeing outside: the mass of cloaked creatures flooded towards them from across the desert, racing onward at a dangerous speed. And as they neared, the silence was overrun by a nasty, scale prickling noises. A slowly loudening mixture of howls, roars and screams pierced the night. 

This can’t be. thought Ion, reeling in horror. His mind suddenly zoomed back to that day. That horrific day, two years ago, when he had faced those creatures. And instantly, his mind was seized by one cruel, deadly emotion far more dangerous than any other: fear.

The tide of Zelgron came surging towards them, the distance between them and this restaurant shrinking rapidly as they dashed across the desert expanse. 

“We’ve been discovered by the Xeni,” said Mantra, snatching the crystal from the table and thrusting it back into his pocket.

“What?” asked Ion, facing him. 

“They’ve found us.” said Dantox, just as grimly. “And they’ve sent their worst possible to finish the job.”

The very worst possible. As Ion turned back he realised that the Zelgron were faster, far faster than they appeared. They came raging towards the restaurant, hundred metres from it. And Ion registered the skin crawling sight he had met two years back, now fresh and anew.

They were tall, thin and cloaked. Their yellow eyes were all ablaze with the same inhumane fury as Ion remembered two years back. Their skin had patches of black over it, and parts of it was torn off and peeled, giving them a sickened, disgusting appearance. And their mouths were all wide open in a roar of rage. And the combined sound of their roars rang unpleasantly in Ion’s ears.

A nightmare had just sprung to life. 

He looked sideways at Dantox, and then at Mantra. Their eyes were fixed at the glass wall, watching the oncoming oblivion race closer. A shadow came over both their faces.
 
“Brace yourself.” said Mantra, and as one, the two masters drew their swords and held them before them.

With a quick, steadying heave of breath, Ion drew his own. The three of them slowly backed away as the oncoming tide of Zelgron washed over the land. Coming dangerously close … and closer. And then, as the three of them backed up against the counter, the tide of creatures crashed over the restaurant.

__________


They smashed right through the glass walls, hurtling towards the three living creatures inside of it. 

As one, a blaze of orange filled the room as the three Nyon lit their swords. Their blades now gleaming in bright orange, the three of them pounced into action. The mass of bodies dashed at them, their claws slashing at the air viciously. Ion twisted about madly, running his glowing blade right through five of the creatures before another giant batch overtook them, replacing them. 

The horde of Zelgron were definitely numbering to well over a thousand… 

Dread numbed Ion from within. 

He slashed away with his blade wildly, cutting down Zelgron after Zelgron … But he knew that it was of no use at all. The monsters’ horde surrounded them from all three sides, clogging at the sides of the restaurant, all of them yearning to enter it and rip apart the three living creatures in it.

And as they came smashing in through the two sides, the roof above them gave way and tumbled…

Mantra swung his sword to lash across a final Zelgron, and then leaped out of the group surrounding him. As the roof came down over them, he hurled over Ion and Dantox, throwing all three of them to the far corner of the restaurant. They landed on the hard ground behind the counter, while the roof crashed down over the rest of the restaurant. The corner portion was held up by the counter so that the three of them were safe. 

The rest of the Zelgron, all trapped beneath the rubble and wreckage, groaned and howled in their relentless fury, which had risen dangerously now.

Mantra heaved the other two up with both hands, and held up his hand: the back portion of the restaurant right behind them caved in and fell right out, leaving the expanse of the desert to stretch out in front of them.

Without even turning to see if the Zelgron crushed beneath the rubble had picked themselves up, the three Nyon pelted right out and into the open, the cold air lashing at the front of their faces.

__________


The three of them had managed to put a good hundred or so metres spacing between them and the Zelgron horde: they had escaped through the back, and the rest of the creatures had failed to notice this while they were helping their brethren who were crushed beneath the rubble. Now, with their entire horde now back intact, the swarm of Zelgron came raging at them from across the distance, furiously hot on the three Nyon’s heels. The distance between them, a hundred metres or so, was dwindling shorter and shorter … shrinking dangerously as the monsters dashed behind them. 

Ion had never felt time go as painfully slow as it had now … Every footstep seemed to span a few decades as he thundered through the deserted land with Mantra and Dantox by either side. Behind them, the tide of Zelgron came inching closer and closer. He had definitely been right: there were, by the look of it, thousands of them. They came tearing down the land behind them, their howls of rage piercing the night’s cold air.
 
Ion cast a mean glance back. The creatures swept down the empty plain wildly, propelled by a savage fury. They almost appeared to hurtle forward, some of them tripping, some shoved out of the way by others in their mad race for the three targets lurking ahead of them. Ion turned back, now twice as terrified. The half second glance he had given them was enough, to leave their hideous faces engraved in his mind. 

The combined thudding of their footsteps carried closer and closer to them, and their unceasing screams bellowed louder as the distance between them and the Nyon dwindled…

We’re never gonna make it out of this. thought Ion. Not alive, that is. 

The land before them was flat, completely unblemished for as far as they could see, save for a stout plateau like figure that could be seen at the distance. The inch deep layer of sand little helped their progress: running on sand took twice the effort of normal solid ground. But the Zelgron seemed completely unaffected by this. The collective pounding of their feet seemed to grow heavier and heavier as they neared, their speed unhampered by the sandy ground. 

“We’re never gonna outrun them,” panted Ion. “they’re way too fast.”

“Outrun them?” panted Dantox, running on without turning. “Of course not.”

“What do you mean?” asked Ion. His heart banged against his chest as he ran, furious and relentless.

“That was never going to happen.” said Mantra, as he raced along the other two. “These are Zelgron. They’ll catch us.”

Ion glanced back. The swarm of monsters were nearing. The distance had been cut down to less than a hundred or so metres now. The Zelgron seemed to have thrice the speed of even the strongest mystic. 

“What’re we gonna do?” he asked in a raised voice, now with the roars of the creatures growing louder. 

“We’ll fight.” answered Mantra, his voice boding a note of grave acceptance. “Run as far as we can hold them off from reaching, and fight when they catch up.”

Ion felt them hurtle towards a fast closing end. Fight? There was absolutely no way they could put up a fight against an entire horde of these things. They were done for…

They were almost at the hill, when the first batch of the Zelgron had caught up with them. Without breaking pace, the three of them drew their sabers and ignited them. A group of seven of the creatures had come within feet to them, their arms thrown forward wildly. One of the monsters lunged forward. Mantra’s sword whirled to the side and the Zelgron gave fast stifled yell of pain, thudding to the ground in two chopped pieces. 

Another of the creatures made a quick jump forth, grabbing Ion by the back of his cloak. Twisting around in motion, Ion sent his sword right across the beast, slicing his torso in a slanted angle. The Zelgron crumpled and fell, but another from the batch of seven took his place. He collided with Ion from the side, sending him off balance for a second. Ion stumbled, almost falling at the impact. But Dantox caught him by the side, steadying him, while Mantra cut down the six Zelgron which had just had caught up with them. Without stopping, Mantra turned and sent a loud smash at the horde which was closing in fast. Twenty times as powerful as Ion’s powers could have mustered, the large wave like motion collided violently with the batch of Zelgron, sending the first among the tide flying backwards and crashing onto the ones behind them. The entire horde took the beating of Mantra’s smash, with half of them either meeting the impact of the smash and flying back, or being crashed over by another who had. And thus starting a chain reaction that spawned the entire mass. The tide of Zelgron slowed down, slowly falling back. Without glancing back, the three Nyon dashed forth…

The groans of the monsters slowly died out, replaced by their unearthly screams again. They had picked themselves up, and came exploding at the Nyon with a doubled, renewed fury. 

The threesome’s unbroken, mindless sprint had now carried them to the plateau, a giant, grotesque outgrowth on the smoothened land. The shapeless plateau was about as large as three storeyed mansion, with jagged, sharp edges and a roughness in its outer layering. Without even thinking, the three of them launched over the rough coated plateau and began climbing over it. The Zelgron, having lesser stealth and intelligence than them, were unluckier, unable to mount the plateau as fast as the Nyon could. In less than a minute, the three of them had reached the top of the giant plateau and were heaving deep, loud breaths to refill their wearied lungs. 

The vicious screams of the Zelgron seemed to claw at the air from below them. While the three Nyon stood huddled at the centre of the top of the plateau, the creatures slowly climbed their way up. Seconds from the top.

“Well,” said Dantox, with a heavy air of closure. “Nobody would’ve dreamt that this would be the end.”

Mantra gave an ironic chuckle. “The end for us all. The entire spectrum goes down with us, men.”

The first of the bunch climbing could be heard groaning savagely, now seconds away from reaching them. 

It doesn’t matter anyway. Ion thought. They’ve won. They’ve already sent the anarchy level spiralling well out of control. And now, they’ll have the plague crystal as well.

The first of the lot climbing could be heard almost breaking to the surface now … The three Nyon stood with their backs pressed against each others’, their swords raised and blazing, ready to take how many ever of these creatures they could with them, to where they now knew they were going…

Now with the end looming over him, Ion felt himself fly back in time to witness a multi second flashback of his life … He remembered his days as a bloodthirsty bounty hunting killer with an stab of regret: he had never managed to find redemption, right his wrongs by doing good to the world … He remembered Vestra with another stab of pain. Wherever she and Qyro now were, he was joining them soon … And he remembered Jedius.
 
He slid his hands beneath the front neck of his cloak, and drew out his master’s token - the strangely shaped fang like object. Plucking its chain around his neck, he held it upon his palm. For if this was the end, he would go to the grave holding onto this … the object that summed up everything in this world for him. 

The howls of the Zelgron mounted as they slowly reached the top … the first of them could be seen throwing their hands over the plateau’s top all over, anchoring themselves slowly. Preparing to rise and head in for the kill. 

Mantra glanced to Ion, and his eyes froze over what he saw held within his palm. A strange look found his wizened face as he stared at the fang for a few seconds. Then, without warning, the old man’s hand swished across and snatched Jedius’s token from his palm. 

He surveyed the fang silently for a long moment, while Ion stood in front, jaw slackened open. “Err, master, what’s the matt-”

“Do you know what this is?” Mantra asked Ion, cutting him across. There was a note of silent marvel in his voice. 

Dantox stood beside Ion, looking just as perplexed. 

“Some fang like thing my master gave me,” answered Ion hastily, feeling that was slightly out of place amidst the heat of this situation. “Does it really matter right now?”

“It matters now more than ever. This is not a fang,” Mantra lowered his hand, staring at Jedius’s token. “This is a conch. The Grael conch, the instrument used for releasing the army of watchmen.”


2




Ion heard it, but only after a hazy, long moment did he actually understand what he had heard.

“What?” he and Dantox gasped together, looking at each other. 

“I was wrong, I see now, to have thought that the conch keepers’ line had died out.” Mantra said, without taking his eyes off Jedius’s token. “It certainly hasn’t. You are the conclusion of the line, Ion.” He gave a soft chuckle. “What do you know … seems like we do have an army after all.”

“The Grael conch?” breathed Dantox, his jaw still open. “You can’t be serious!”

Ion gaped at Jedius’s token, held in Mantra’s hand. “Is this for real?”

Mantra lifted his head and looked at him. “Well, let’s find out.”

He raised the conch, pressing its fat end to his mouth, the pointed tip into the air … and he blew it. 

__________


The ground beneath them seemed to shudder. The air seemed to part. The world itself seemed to rumble with a fury that seemed to have been contained for aeons. The entire plateau seemed to reverberate at the piercing, clear note that resounded with the force of a thousand war drums. 

Ion and Dantox threw their hands up to cover their ears … But the roar of the conch that sounded seemed beyond mere sound … It seemed to resonate through their very beings, as though echoing within their heads, and not outside of it…

The blast of sound had knocked the Zelgron off the sides of the plateau: their screams had suddenly gone quiet, and they were all apparently lying piled at the base of the giant plateau. Mantra lowered the conch slowly. But the ghost of its booming roar seemed to ring in the air silently. 

Ion, Dantox and Mantra stood gazing about them emptily for a few long seconds as the echo of the conch’s bellow faded. Leaving everything blank and gloomy again. 

The three Nyon looked at each other, waiting. Hoping.

A clear, pitless silence had fallen after the ring of the conch … And then, howls of the Zelgron resumed, overrunning it. The effect of the conch’s roar, which seemed to leave a silent glow in the air, was erased, gone. And mayhem and chaos rose over the atmosphere again, which seemed to slowly close around them. 

Ion felt his heart, which for the meanest second had dared to hope, now sink through his insides. 

“We really are done for.” he stated, raising his sword as the Zelgron came crawling over the sides of the plateau again. And then - 

“Look!” Dantox pointed above them, his eyes widened. 
 
Mantra and Ion drew their sights above…

And there, coiling and swirling like a hundred fiery serpents, were a cluster of glowing, orange veins … They billowed all over the skies, their brilliant orange light spreading over the black blanket of the night. 

Their warmth almost extending down to the earth and to the plateau on which the Nyon stood, the bright orange threads swirled around rapidly for a few mesmerising seconds, while the entire world below watched, awed. The Zelgron had suddenly stopped climbing and their screams had died out. A scenic, entranced quiet had stolen over the night.

Without warning, the veins of orange stopped swirling, took a final spin upwards, and then shot down. Like thick beams of sunlight, like threads of burning orange spilling from the heavens, they came down …  There seemed to be a thousand of them. And all of them shot towards the earth in a straight, normal angle from the skies. The orange threads shot from the sky and connected to their world across the wide desert expanse, spreading all over it: 

The giant desert expanse which the plateau was amidst was linked to the heavens through a thousand reigns of bright orange. They all stood steadily between the ground and the sky like beams of light, unwavering and beautiful. 

And the beams slowly faded, leaving a fiery glow behind on the earth where they had touched. 

Ion peeled his eyes, gazing out into the expanse … everywhere the orange threads had connected to the world, an orange glow lingered. 

“What are they?” he asked, surprised to hear his voice leave him as a whisper. 

“It’s them.” said Mantra, smiling. “The watchmen.”

The orange blurs slowly moved, taking shape. And they formed the figure of a man. It was the same man everywhere. He seemed to be made of a fiery orange light, with tongues of flame stretching out to form limbs, and a thin torso which looked like a pillar of fire. 

The watchmen were spread all across the desert around them, but every one of them was turned to face one direction … towards them. They were all standing faced to the plateau. The groaning of the Zelgron slowly stirred again below them, as the creatures slowly grew wary of a new group of targets. The Nyon ran over and looked across the edge. 

The mass of Zelgron had abandoned the plateau and were now raging forth towards the watchmen standing ahead of them. They washed across the land like a great wave of bodies, fierce and savage. As one the watchmen spread across the desert plain turned and came dashing in towards the horde of Zelgron from all sides. They gathered from all over the desert expanse, an army of fiery orange men. Sweeping in towards the enemy group at the centre, the men raised their flaming arms, as though bracing to use them as swords. 

Ion and the two masters watched in bounding awe…

The watchmen zipped through the horde of Zelgron, with their fiery limbs like the Nyon’s blazing swords: spinning both arms like tongues of flame, they cut through the Zelgron like brandished, burning whips. 

The Zelgron were forced into a close pressed huddle as the watchmen flew at them from all around. The fiery soldiers seeped into the close knit mass of Zelgron, using their flaming arms to chop through them like they were butter. They moved so fast that all that was seen of them was an orange blur. The Zelgron fought, clawed and lunged onto their opponents, but to no avail: the watchmen’s’ arms acted like the blade of an ignited sword, slicing past them at the speed of fire. 

Ion felt his jaw drop as he witnessed the scene unfold before him.

Within a minute, it was done. The only thing remaining of the mob of Zelgron lay charred and littered over the ground. The watchmen had finished them all. 

“But how?” he breathed, turning to Mantra. “The conch … how did -”

Mantra contemplated the question, frowning. “My guess is that the master who had been caught by the Naxim ages back had already passed the conch down to a student without our knowledge. And, as per the rules of the line of secret keepers, the student could obviously not reveal his identity, or that the conch was safe with him. And so, the line survived within the Nyon, unknown to even us … to even me.”

Having finished with the Zelgron, the army of fiery men gathered in a large pack before the plateau, waiting for the ones who had summoned them to descend and meet them. 

“Let’s go,” called Mantra, and the three of them descended down the plateau the way they had climbed it. They reached the ground to find the watchmen standing still in a large spread before the desert before the three of them, waiting.

A daze robbed Ion as he witnessed the watchmen from close range, now face to face with them. 

They seemed to be robed the same way Nyon apprentices were, but with robes that seemed to be formed purely of fire. The flaming contents wrapped over them to form a solid figure, with their head taking the shape of the Nyon’s wrapped scarf. Two beady drops of orange hung in the middle of the opening left in the scarf, their burning eyes. 

The sight of the army of fiery beings made marvel swell within Ion: he knew that their forms crafted out of the torch that light the universe since the beginning.

The foremost of the soldiers walked up to stand right before Mantra, who met the man’s gaze calmly, with a light smile on his lips. 

“Well, well … we meet again, Nano.” he said to the fiery man. 

Nano, the fire solider standing before Mantra, made a deep bow. “It has been far too long, Nyon master Mantra.”

His arm, though glowing, was no longer the burning whip that it had been earlier on: he held it out, and Mantra shook it without having his palm burned. 

He turned to Dantox and repeated the gesture.

Dantox nodded as he shook the man’s hand. “It’s an honour above all to meet you, Nano, leader of the watchmen.”

“An honour matched my mine, Nyon master.” Nano said, giving Dantox a deep bow as well. “I realise that we have been summoned after eight millennia. How fares the brotherhood?”

“The brotherhood’s dead.” said Mantra flatly. “We’re the only three survivors.”

Nano and the other watchmen, as Mantra had pointed out, had normal mortal shells which were not invulnerable to shock and other disastrous emotions: he could feel Nano’s posture stiffen, as those of the other watchmen. The two orange beads he had for eyes grew wider for a moment’s pause, before shrinking to their normal size again.

Nano was quiet for a moment. The rest of the watchmen stood as still as stone, their figurines bathing the land in a mild orange glow. Nano turned, his hands behind his back, and walked forth for a few feet, before coming to a stall. He turned sideways to them, and nodded. 

“I see … that explains the surreal aura of the world. I could sense it … darkness abounded. Anarchy pitched to levels like no other.” The fiery beads that made his eyes seemed to burn stronger. “And I also sense that it will only rise, uncontained, if we do not act now.”

“Well, you’ve sensed right.” said Dantox. “Redgarn has returned. The Xeni are intending to blow off ten planets, one every hour, to fulfill their long dreamt of goal.”

“With each planet,” said Mantra. “They’ll mount the anarchy tenfold. And when they’re done,” He paused to heave a short breath. “the force of Mezmeron in this world would have climbed to its peak. Anarchy would have reached the level desired to release the army of Mezmeron … the cursed demon army.”

“Well, looks like we’re in a better off position than we’d dreaded.” said Ion, running his eyes across the entire army, who numbered to a thousand as he knew. “What do we do now?”

Mantra turned to Ion with a steely glint in his white eyes. “We do something we should have done a long time ago…”

Ion raised an eyebrow. “Which is…?”

Mantra withdrew the crystal and held it before him, examining it silently.

“You’d remember asking me if the crystal could be destroyed once and for all?” he said, raising his eyes to Ion at last.

“I do.”

Mantra and Dantox exchanged a glance.

“Well, it can.” said Dantox. “It can be destroyed once and for all.”

“What?” asked Ion. 

“There is a priest by the name of Nalzes,” said Mantra. “Who lives in the farthest reach of the outer spectrum. He is an old friend of mine … and he’s just as old as I am. He is the only other member of our original brotherhood alive today. He has powers of incantation which you’d remember me telling you, are a specialised field in our world. They are needed to perform a spell before a tablet.”

“And…” pressed Ion, feeling the tug of anticipation go stronger with every word. 

“He has ancient powers of incantation,” repeated Mantra, bringing his eyes before the crystal again. “ones that can destroy the crystal once and for all.” He nodded. “It was made before a mystical tablet by a well versed incanter, Redgarn. And it can also be destroyed just the same way. This man, Nalzes has the mystical powers required to get rid of the crystal once and for all.”

“Well, then why didn’t we do it?” asked Ion, spreading his hands. “All along, we could have ended this so easily!”

“There’s the catch, dear boy.” said Dantox, smiling. “It is no easy venture.”

“The planet Nalzes lives in is at the very deepest of the outer spectrum.” said Mantra. “And a normal ship would take five hours at least to get there.”

Ion was struck speechless as he grappled with the distance this was… 

“Five hours?” he breathed.

Dantox nodded gravely. “Five hours in which everything in the world could go wrong … from the Xeni to the Naxim. And so, deciding not to undertake this huge risk at this greatly tense time, we had dropped the idea.”

“But now,” carried over Mantra. “I see that the need is greater than we thought it was: seeing what the Xeni are prepared to do to get the crystal,” His eyes roved over the ground beyond them, littered with the remains of the Zelgron horde. “and seeing the dangerous level of commitment they show, I was mistaken to ever think that the crystal could be kept safe with us. I know now that until it is destroyed once and for all, there is no such thing as a peace for us: the Xeni are far more deadly than we had imagined, and they just proved it to us. This is something we should have done earlier on … and now, we will do it.”

Nano stepped forward, and Mantra and him exchanged a swift nod. 

“Also,” continued Mantra, looking at Ion. “this is a venture we can now afford to undertake. Because we’re now given tools that will make it easier.”

“What do you mean?”

“With the army of watchmen now released, we have a certain tool available to us, which will be of aid should we decide to undertake such a perilous journey. A great aid.” said Mantra. “As a result, if we decide to now go forth on this journey to the planet Nalzes lives in, it will be considerably safer. But even there, nothing at all is certain. And dangers along the way, both from the Naxim and the Xeni, still persist. But this is a venture we have to take.”

He scowled, looking from Ion to Dantox. “But what we need to realise is that even if we get the crystal destroyed successfully, those ten planets will still be blown off. And we cannot allow that to happen: we’re now in a position where we can try and save them. As a result, the journey to the priest Nalzes will have to be undertaken by one of us. In the meantime, the remaining two of us will have to take the army of watchmen, and try and stop the ten bombs going off.”

“I’ll do it.” said Ion, nodding at Mantra. “I’ll take the crystal to the planet where this priest stays, to have it destroyed. In the meantime, the two of you go and find those bombs.”

For the first time since the battle of the temple, Ion felt a steely sense of purpose like never before. Now that the caged, helpless feeling he had experienced earlier on was gone and the time had come for action, he felt his urge to act, to help the world, livened and ablaze again. He knew that whatever dangers and threats lay ahead, he would be more than willing to face them. 

Mantra, Dantox and Nano were all looking at him after he had said it. 

Mantra gave a nod. “Good. Very good. Ion will take the crystal to Nalzes, to have it destroyed.” He turned to Nano and then to Dantox. “In the meanwhile, myself, Dantox, Nano and the watchmen will scour the spectrum and do whatever we can to stop those bombs from going off.”

“So what’s this great tool you were talking of?” Ion inquired. “Which is supposed to help me in this journey?”

Mantra smiled. “Nothing more than a ship.”

Nano turned and nodded at the army of watchmen, all of whom looked identical to him. The entire army of thousand or fire moulded soldiers held one hand out, pointing into the sky. As one, a long orange ribbon shot out of every one of their arms, streaking into the sky. The orange ribbons touched the heavenly abyss and began swirling and coiling again, as they had earlier. A second or two passed mesmerisingly, and the flaming cords seemed to gain speed rapidly, so that all that was seen of them was a hazy swish of orange. 

And then, as the swirling of the ribbons slowed down, there was a giant orange mass that had taken shape amidst them, hanging densely in the middle of the night’s pitch black expanse.

It slowly descended from the sky, with the watchmen all gazing at it as it lowered. As if hoisted by an invisible rope, it lowered slowly, steadily, and thudded to the ground right ahead of the three Nyon, where the watchmen had carved a clearing for it. 

Flamebird seemed to shimmer with radiance, its orange skin bright and brilliant. Shaped like a giant orange falcon, it stood large and magnificent before them. The bird’s eyes, narrowed and focussed, were fixed over the three Nyon, waiting for them to board it. Its wings were stretched out on both sides, elegant and sprawling. It was a medium sized ship, but there was a quiet power pulsating in its ancient depths. Ion knew it was woven by the energy of the watchmen. 

“A ship, but in no way an ordinary ship.” said Dantox. “This, Ion, is the fastest and greatest ship ever made.” 

“The planet where the priest resides is known as Velrox,” Mantra informed Ion. “And it is in the farthest reaches of the outer spectrum. But in this ship, the journey will take just over an hour, I estimate.”

“Why can’t Nalzes come here, instead of us taking the crystal all the way there?” asked Ion. “That way, wouldn’t it save us all a lot of trouble and risk?”

“We would love for that just as much as you do,” said Dantox. “But Nalzes has gone into a hermit lifestyle, severing all ties with the entire world. Though we know the planet he lives in and the approximate region in it, we cannot contact him.”

“What did he do that for?” asked Ion.

“Nalzes is just as old as I am, Ion.” explained Mantra. “He fought alongside us through the war. And he endured all that it came with. But after the war was over, with the fall of the empire and the grave period that came after it, he decided to leave the world, losing interest in it. He has lived as a renunciate for almost eight millennia now. However, I kept a faint contact with him over the time. And I know he will definitely help us if need arises. I have been aware of the planet he lives in,” A faint frown entered his expression. “… although I don’t know his location in the planet, right now.”

“Then how the heck am I gonna find him?” asked Ion, dazed. “I can’t search the entire planet to find this hermit, we don’t have that much time!”

“You don’t have to find him.” said Mantra. “He’ll find you.”

Ion was starting to feel slightly perplexed. “What do you mean?” 

“He has the same sensing powers that I have, and more.” Mantra said with a smile. “And his hermit style lifestyle has led to a further deepening of his mystical sight: he is well attuned to the aura surrounding his planet, and the spectrum as well. As I have been sensing chaos rising over the past few days, so has he. 

“By now, he would be well aware of everything that’s going on. He would be well aware of the rising force of Mezmeron, and the struggle we’re now undergoing. He has been kept well aware of everything transpiring within our brotherhood over the past few days, and he would most certainly be alerted to our precarious position now.” He nodded. “When you reach the planet, wherever he is, he would have been alerted to your arrival through the shifting energy fields. And he would know what you’re carrying with you.” He pulled out the crystal and held it before Ion. “He’ll sense the dark force that you land with, and know why you’ve gone there. When you reach the planet, wait patiently for him to reach you from wherever he is.”

“Wait patiently?” Ion repeated, feeling his eyebrows rise. “How long would I have to wait? And how will I know if he’s aware that I’ve arrived?”

“Patience, young one.” said Mantra. 

“He will sense your arrival, through that of the crystal as well.” said Dantox. “When the crystal enters his planet, he would be alerted of it through the shift in the aura around him, and he would reach you as fast as he can, for he well knows that the gravest threat to the world is the crystal. And he will want to stomp that threat out as fast as possible.”

“Ok. So I just get there, wait for this hermit to find me, and then have him destroy the crystal?”

Mantra shook his head. “Let’s not forget the second part of this entire operation: a mystical tablet. Nalzes can’t destroy the crystal with performing the necessary spell for it, with a mystical tablet. A tablet is needed before he can undo the crystal’s power.”

“And where do we find one?” inquired Ion.

“I know the location of one close to that planet.” said Mantra. “Very close, in fact. It is in the planet Garnor, in the star system 385, just one star system away from the planet where you’ll find the priest.”

“How do you know?”

Mantra let a moment pass in silence, seeming to consider something, and then said, “Because this tablet is a rather special one. And I knew it might be handy sometime in the future. And so I kept my eye on it. Now, listen closely…”


He told Ion where to land when having reached the planet, Velrox. It was at the outskirts of a scarcely inhabited village the planet had. Once he landed there, Nalzes would reach him there, having sensed the presence of one of the Nyon. Ion was then to take the priest to the planet Garnor in the nearing star system. Mantra gave him the specific directions to the place where the tablet was found. 

“Now, we’re running out of time.” Dantox pressed, as Mantra finished giving Ion the directions. “And so are you,” He added, looking at Ion.

Ion nodded to him, and turned to Mantra. “Keep my master’s token safe.”

Mantra looked at the Grael conch held in his hand, and then gave Ion a soothing smile. “I’ll have to … for the hopes of the entire realm rest upon it as well.”

“What do you mean?” asked Ion. 

“The conch is the instrument of controlling the watchmen.” answered Dantox. “The entire army of them is under the command of the one holding the conch … provided the one wielding it is an initiated member of the Nyon, of course.”

“The watchmen can be summoned by sounding the conch.” Mantra said, holding the conch up. “If we need the army to re gather to where we are at a particular instant, we just need to sound the conch.” He pocketed the conch, shaking his head. “But apart from all that, my reason for keeping it safe … is because what it is to you.”

Dantox stepped forward and clapped Ion on the sides of his shoulders. “Good luck, Ion.”

“You too.” said Ion. He hesitated for a moment, then burst out, “How’re you going to do this? Nine planets, and they could be any of them!” He could hear the note of trepidation in his own voice. 

But Mantra gave him a comforting smile. “Don’t worry about us. We can manage this better than you would presume. And I have a few tricks up my own sleeve in case you haven’t noticed off late.”

I noticed. thought Ion. 

Mantra pressed the crystal he had been holding into ion’s hand. “Guard it with your life…”

“I will.” promised Ion. 

Mantra and Dantox turned and walked upto where Nano had been silently standing, feet away from Ion. 

“Well, let’s head out.” Mantra told Nano, who nodded in response.

The watchmen walked towards them, so that the large mass of fiery soldiers spread across the land pressed closer into a smaller group. 

Standing feet away from them, Ion watched quietly. 

The space surrounding the entire group seemed to ripple and shimmer, giving the strange impression that they were standing inside of a halo made of a watery surface. The liquid appearance of the halo wrapping them slowly thickened, and before Ion knew it, the entire army of watchmen, who stood spread over the desert lands, were standing inside of a giant bubble like wrapping. It was a giant, spherical halo that seemed to emit a faint orange glow from its surface. The entire army, along with Mantra and Dantox, could be seen standing inside, their forms wavering slightly inside of the glowing orange surface. 

Then, without warning, the giant orange sphere took off from the ground with the meekest impact left around it, shooting into the skies like a bullet. Ion watched, awed, as the giant spherical cage shrunk against the black sky rapidly, turning into a minute orange speck, and then vanishing fully. 

Ion turned and faced Flamebird. As if reading his mind, a rectangular strip peeled itself off the bottom of the majestic bird, landing over the ground right before him in a ramp. 

Steeling himself, Ion mounted the ramp, boarding the ship.


The hull of the ship was crafted with a tinge of elegance. But its build carried the same, fierce sense of purpose that its mechanical eyes had burned with. About as large as a living room, it had its seating spread over one side of the wall, opposite to which, on the other side, stood a table with holo screens floating over it. Each of them displayed the ship’s surrounding from a different angle. 

A large circular pedestal, raised a feet off the floor, lay at the centre. A cylindrical, bubble like wrapping. The atmosphere in the hull pervaded with a strange glow of warmth and purpose. And it stretched to reach Ion too as he stood there. For a few mesmerised seconds, he enjoyed the aura that was left to resonate in the ancient ship. Its energy seeping into his bones as he stood within it.

A few seconds later, as the daze faded and Ion braced himself for what had to be done, he realised something very strange. 

Wait a second. He froze, his eyes carrying about the large hull. And then - 

“There’re no controls!” He looked around, his eyes flying over the entire hull, and pausing over the holo screens. “How the hell am I supposed to drive this thing?”

He wasted a few seconds walking about the hull, trying to find some hidden button or a trigger. But as hard as he looked, there was nothing at all. The ship seemed completely devoid of controls. 

He was now beginning to feel a rising frustration, mingled with panic. 

Trotting upto the pedestal on the ground, he slid through the bubble like wrapping, wondering if he would find a button or some trigger on the pedestal. But it was empty. Just a normal raised seat on the middle of the hull. 

Exasperated, he slipped over the pedestal and sat crouched on it. 

Not more than a split second passed…

And Ion’s eyes flew wide, as the world suddenly twisted around him…

What’s happening?

He felt as though something had blasted out the boundaries of his being … leaving him to float out… 

What in the world’s happening?

Suddenly, Ion felt his mind merge with another … He felt his spirit absorb another. His senses seemed to have expanded, stretching to encase a new body … and a new world.

Ion was Flamebird. He felt the body of the war machine as sharply, and as clearly as he felt his own. He saw through the magnificent machine’s beady eyes, and he felt the covering of its skin wrap over him. He felt every lever and ever inner intricacy of the machine which were suddenly alive with the fuel of his thoughts flowing through them. The pulse of his energy, his mind and soul streaming through them. 

Ion was Flamebird…

His body was the magnificent mechanical beast that sat on the expanse of desert soil. And his body was also the fleshly, thin boy that sat inside of the hull. He felt his mind hover over two bodies, one with both of them. 

Realising that he’d been holding his breath, Ion’s fleshly body exhaled, its stiff posture now loosening. 

He was awed at the sheer ingeniousness of the ancient machine’s make. There were no controls, because the ship was driven through a far more efficient, and deadly means: thoughts. The pilot’s thoughts infused through the body of the machine so that he was one with it. And he would drive the machine like it were his body, prompting it with the flick of a thought, as he would his own body. 

Steadying himself in focus, Ion drew in a deep breath. Then, he sent all of his energy funnelled into the ship. Time to roll.

At the brush of a thought, he sent the ship kicking into action: it took off the ground with a sharp blast of wind. It floated metres above the desert sprawl for a second, before twisting over and then rocketing off into the glinting night sky over him. 


3




Through the dull sensation stretching over his body, there was a measure of peace … and yet, it was punctuated by a silent cry of agony … as much as he tried to block it out, it sharpened. Piercing through the veil of calm…

Fighting the mayhem within, Galinor slowly moved. 

His every muscle strained as he flexed them in a slow, painful motion. The turf of greenery he was lying on felt like a mattress to his aching body, lulling him back to sleep. But he knew that the time for rest was far beyond over. 

He shook his head to clear the grogginess and looked about. A few feet to his right, lying in smoking remains, was a hover car. The hover car he had managed to reach this place in. 

As Galinor sat up slowly, pain ripped his spine. The pain of the fall’s impact. But the agony of his mortal shell was nothing, nothing compared to the agony of the memory …

The horrible memory of the event which had just passed. The unforeseen, deadly event.

The Nyon were all dead. 

For a second, Galinor couldn’t breathe as the sheer gravity of the situation reached him.

The plague crystal … What happened to it? Did they get it?

As the thought crossed, his blood coursed with a new panic. 

The last thing he remembered was the Nyon temple being attacked by the Xeni. A sudden, ruthless attack … And he knew the outcome as well. They were all gone. The Nyon were all gone. Dead. 

His mind raced back to remember how he had managed to get to where he was now.


Two hours ago


The Nyon temple, Farnor

It happened right after Redgarn’s fury broke, somewhere far up, on a floor much higher to Galinor’s. 

The sudden, uncanny rumbling seemed to tear apart the entire temple. Galinor felt himself soar back and crash into one of the walls still standing. The opponent he’d been fighting went sailing out of the structure, into the swirl of debris that swum around the place.

Everything seemed to be falling apart. The walls. The ceiling. The floor. The sudden whirl of mayhem swallowed everything. 

What’s happening?! It felt to Galinor, who was completely unaware of the real source of this new rage, that hell itself had broken loose… 

He knew, at that point, that there was nothing else left to this battle. It was over. And anyone who remained here, trying to fend off their enemies, would bite the dust with the rest of the temple. It would be pointless to remain here and continue trying to protect the temple … when it was far beyond their area of protection. 

There was only one, reasonable thing left to be done. And it was escaping this madness.

Fighting the raging wind currents that flooded the place, Galinor crawled his way down the structure. And he reached the vehicle shed. There was only one vehicle left intact, in one piece. A hover car. 

The fight, all this while, had sapped him of almost all his energy. He knew that he was teetering on the edge of an approaching unconsciousness. 
 
Without thinking twice, he climbed into the hover car and set it roaring.

__________


Through the swirl of madness, through the debris flying around the temple, like a shining ray piercing darkness, a small hover car came shooting out. Galinor’s driving was slightly hampered by the haze shrouding his mind. But he kept the car steady, letting it streak out of the debris swimming around the temple. He craned his neck back for a look at the wrecked remains of the temple hanging in the middle of the sky. And as the sight met him, shrinking as he flew away from it, Galinor felt a sudden squeezing sensation clutch his heart. And so, order ends. And anarchy begins…

He fought back the heavy whirling sensation through the space jump to a nearing planet. And there, as he reached the planet’s atmosphere and glided right down its skies, he gave in. As the hover car sank beneath its cloudy terrain, lowering towards the planet’s vast green expanse below, Galinor closed his eyes and slumped to the side of the seat. 

As the car lost control and swung groundward, the weight of Galinor’s body pushed the door he was lying against open. Less than fifty metres from the ground, his semi conscious body toppled from the side of the open car. Despite the soft, green layer of the ground, the impact of his giant, twenty metre fall came as a heavy slam, leaving his body to bounce once. The hover car soared on for another ten metres before crash to the earth with a loud blast, spewing its smithereened parts all over. 


The present


Fighting back the hopeless feeling, Galinor kept dialing on his z-com. he kept dialling for master after master … But none of them were answering. In all speckless honestly, he didn’t expect any of them to. He knew they were all gone. It was highly unlikely that anyone had survived that cursed battle, which the Xeni had thrown upon them in surprise… 

But his heart clutched the front of his chest as he realised he had been wrong…

“You’re alive!” he shrieked, staring into the holo screen with a familiar face in it: 
Mantra, the master he had just tried calling, had suddenly picked up. His face stared out of the holo screen, standing in a strange, indiscernible background. Some sort of a hallway. In undoubtedly a lavish looking place.

“Galinor?” Mantra’s brows contracted, as if wondering if what he was seeing at was real. Then a look of profound relief flooded his wizened features. “Thank the heavens. I see we aren’t as alone as we thought we were.”

“What’s happening, Mantra?” asked Galinor, hearing the desperacy in his own voice. “Who else is alive? Who else made it?” He paused, trying to spot something familiar amongst the background Mantra was standing in. “And where are you?”

“I’m here on something important.” said Mantra. “Something crucially important.”

“What do you mean?”

Mantra tilted his head slightly, his frown deepening. “I see there’s quite a lot you need to catch up on. Very well, brace yourself…”


Galinor thought that the discovery of another master being alive would bring a new of hope … He had been terribly wrong. After hearing what Mantra had just told him. After hearing the situation … he almost wished he hadn’t called him. 

“They’re blowing off ten planets?” he asked, his voice high pitched. “One hour each?”

But Mantra wasn’t finished … he went on, and now there was a break of hope in his tone.


Watchmen! Galinor felt the world suddenly twist around him. Mantra went on, telling Galinor of how Ion was now ferrying the crystal across the outer spectrum, to the priest, Nalrez, to have it destroyed. Meanwhile, Mantra, Dantox and the watchmen were intending to find and tear down the ten bombs.

“Tell me where you are,” said Galinor sternly. “I’m joining you.”

To his surprise, the aged master shook his head. “We have more than enough forces. The watchmen, Dantox and myself alone can handle this. You, on the other hand have a far more important task at hand: not getting caught by the Xeni.”

“What do you mean?”

“The Xeni will be looking for us,” said Mantra. “For survivors. And if they catch you, they’ll weed everything out of you, and we don’t need that. The plan that you’ve just heard - especially regarding the crystal and whatever’s happening to it - needs to stay very well veiled. We don’t want it falling to the Xeni’s ears. If they learn of it, they’ll try and stop Ion, and get the crystal from him.”

“So, I just stay here?” asked Galinor, frowning. 

Mantra drifted to thought for a moment.

“For now, yes.” he said, nodding. “When developments occur, I’ll have you informed, and you can join us. But for now, stay where you are. And don’t risk getting yourself caught by the Naxim, or worse: the Xeni.”

“And what’re you upto?” asked Galinor, eyeing the elegantly decorated hallway the master was now in. 

Mantra sent a brief glance back, down the long hall he was in. Then, softly, he said, “I’ve gotten a lead on finding these ten bombs.”

Galinor knew that, with Mantra’s powerful mystic senses, he would have managed to have a trace detected on something, or someone, in almost no time … He felt a swell of gratitude for the fact that despite the utter desperacy of this grave time, the ancient master was left alive. Mantra was a boon to them like no other, and he was the reason they had endured for eight thousand years, without dying out. 

“Well, Godspeed.” said Galinor, with a curt nod. “And good luck.”

“We’ll be needing a bit of both.” said Mantra. 

And with that, and a final nod, Mantra cut the link. The holo screen melted back to thin air, leaving Galinor standing alone amidst the vast wilderness of this planet he had landed in. 


4




The memory, suddenly so distant, played over in his head.  … Jedius pressing the small conch onto Ion’s hand … his warm smile … his last words…

“Keep this as a reminder that I’m never too far, Ion…”

He was right, Ion thought, smiling. Jedius and Ion had never been far at all … they had remained together, linked … The conch was the link, the conch that contained the power of Elderon … they were linked always by the force of good and harmony. And they ever would be. 

Ion steeled himself and brought his mind back to focus. This mission was not his … it was his master’s. It was for the ideals that his master stood for … the ideal of a better world. A good world. And his master’s vision was Ion’s driving force for his life now. 

“I’m never too far … Ion.”

The slight rumble of the hull, as the ship blasted through space, was the only sound heard through the silence. Up on the four holo screens raised over the table, the same dark stretch of space could be seen. Glinting with the light of a thousand stars.

How or from where all of the twists of the passing day occurred, Ion had not the faintest idea. And the newest twist in the series invoked far lesser awe in him than it would have at any other instance: the surprise of Jedius’s token being the Grael conch melted into the heaviness of the past few hours. A past few hours that seemed to have crossed all horizons known to the world ‘surprise’. 

Ion couldn’t process the fact that just a past few hours back, he had been worthlessly hunting down one of his employer targets in Sacrogon. That seemed to have set the wheels in motion … and less than twenty four hours later, he was part of a desperate quest to save the world. 

Qyro and Vestra’s memories cast an iron hot scorch over his mind, so that there was a new fire in his resolve. His loss would now be the Xeni’s as well. Vestra, Qyro and every one of the masters that they had lost … They had to win for them. To avenge them. So that their deaths were not lain aside as in vain, and wasted. They had to bring down the Xeni for them. 

Seated cross legged on the pedestal, Ion let his thoughts flow through two dimensions: he had to make only the meanest conscious prod in order to get Flamebird’s attention, which was now his own. With Flamebird’s technical systems now woven into his own, Ion could estimate the distance to the destination planet. The time taken for this voyage would be just over an hour as Mantra had said. 

Presuming that nothing eventful happens in between, of course. he added, correcting himself. 


5



Armono, Majestron republic, Cluster 46

Crostox was the most developed, thriving city in the planet of Armono, capital of the Majestron republic. The city was raised with a touch of artistic elegance in its advanced build. Its buildings were all constructed with a refined metallic substance, all of them polished and smooth. They all touched magnificent heights, rising to over hundreds of metres over the ground below: the city itself was a mid air construct, with the ground between the giant structures barely visible. 

Regulated streams of vehicles flowed about over the sky and in between the buildings. The night had fallen, and a tinge of blue filled the black sky resting overhead the city. Thick beams of light swiped the sky from across ground at distances, enlivening and lighting the entire city.

Inside of a restaurant high on one of the towers of the city, Ranor sat with his back against the wall behind him, a plate of food on the table before him. His eyes wandered over the entire scene before him and the posh demeanour of the place. The waiters strode about in neat suits, their postures straight and confident. A faint musical tune played through the speakers on the ceiling. The only sounds disrupting the musical silence were the murmurings of the people around as they talked, and the clatter of knives and forks on china. 

Since the newsflash with Redgarn had occurred, everything in this planet had come to a near standstill: the crowd he was now witnessing in the restaurant was a meek fraction of what it would have been in any other normal day. But even here, as those willing to brush aside what had happened and go on with their lives sat about the restaurant, an atmosphere of suppressed panic could be felt stretching across the air like a dark shadow.

But Ranor saw no reason to worry about that. He knew he was right in being least bothered as could be, about this whole grave scenario. Feeling mildly bored, he lay down his fork and watched the proceedings about the restaurant. The waiters strolled around carrying trays of well cooked, steaming food high on their hands, serving the scarce customers about the large place. As the night scrolled by, the crowd grew in the restaurant.

Ranor’s mind was still faintly dwelling over the reason he had made this short trip to Armono, one which he had now fruitfully fulfilled and would be leaving soon. He ran over everything he now needed to do, now that this hectic trip – one which he had anticipatively awaited for long – was over. 

Bringing himself back to the present, Ranor twiddled with the fork on the plate again, growing aware that the restaurant was now more crowded than when he had entered. Although not nearly as crowded as it could have been on any ordinary day. The seat opposite to him had been taken a newcomer, and the chatters of the crowd was now drowning the music played. 

Stretching his hands in a wide, yawning gesture, Ranor sat straight and smiled at the man ahead of him. And he realised who this man was.

“Well, well, well,” said Mantra, an impressed look in his face. “A Xeni smiling at a Nyon.”  He nodded. “What are the odds?”

“The smile was for a civilian here, whose facing his last hour alive,” replied Ranor, quickly overcoming the shock of seeing that face. “And I thought you were one.”

Mantra placed both hands on the tablet, allowing a moment’s thought. “I presume you’ve come here to set the trigger to the bomb you’ve placed on this planet?”

“There’s no need for that.” answered Ranor, in a tone that suggested that the two of them were really doing what they seemed to be doing – chatting casually in the middle of a restaurant. “All ten bombs have been placed and triggered to detonate at the exact time as we promised: one every ten hours. The only two people who have the power to trigger the bomb before the allocated time are Zardin and Redgarn.”

“What are you here for, then?” asked Mantra, his tone just as casual. 

“I was just sent to check it.” replied Ranor, sliding a hand over the seat next to him. “Zardin and Redgarn thought someone needed to check just this particular bomb: it was the most important one for us. The Majestron republic is the most powerful and the most thriving republic there is. And this, its capital, is the most populated planet, and the greatest one in the entire spectrum.” He gave a humorless smile. “We thought it we would start with it, and give the people of the spectrum a bit of sizzle.” He stopped smiling and grew serious. “And the Majestron’s police forces are annoyingly sharp. So I was sent to make a double check on the bomb.” He leaned forward towards Mantra. “You see, the Xeni don’t leave any loose threads … nothing to chance.”

“Except the survival of four of your Nyon enemies,” said Mantra. “Which will prove to be your most costly mistake.” His tone sharpened, and his hazy eyes bored into Ranor. “You will now tell me where the bomb of Armono is. Along with all others. And one thing you better understand is that you don’t have a choice.”

Ranor laughed softly to himself, his eyes unleaving Mantra’s.

“Is this turning out to be funny?” asked Mantra. 

“No,” Ranor shook his head.  “This is turning out to be tragic. For you.” 

Mantra smiled. “We’ll see just how tragic things get unless you give me the location of the bombs.”

“How’d you manage to find me?” asked Ranor. 

Mantra raised an eyebrow, saying nothing.

“Of course,” said Ranor, shaking his head slightly. “you probably traced one of us through the shifting energy fields - sensed your way to finding one of us, and got lucky enough to be near enough to me.” He chuckled again. “I forgot I’m talking to the eight thousand year old one.”

“Eight thousand and eighteen.” corrected Mantra.

“And that’s just how far it’ll get.”

Mantra withdrew his hand from the chair and leaned forward on the desk, no longer smiling. “Give me the location of the bombs … and maybe you won’t be joining some of your friends in hell.”

“I’m sorry,” said Ranor, shaking his head. “Even if I wanted to, the truth is I can’t.”

“Can’t you?” asked Mantra. 

“I don’t know where the Xeni have placed the other bombs,” Ranor paused, and his voice dropped lower. “You see, our two leaders happen to be far more intelligent than you might imagine. They didn’t even tell us the location of the ten bombs. The Xeni who installed the bombs only knew their own’s location. That way, even if one of us were to be found or captured, the location of the other nine bombs would still be safe.”

“You know the location of one bomb – this one.” said Mantra. “The one in Armono.”

“Why else would I be here?”

“Then I’m afraid you’re telling me its location,” said Mantra. “Before I give you your quick exit.”

“The time for quick exits are over, Mantra.” said Ranor gravely. “You’ll see when yours arrives. And in either case, even if you do get this bomb, there’s no chance you’ll manage to find and stop all others in time. You, single handedly.”

The meanest twitch of Mantra’s lip occurred. “You make a very slight mistake in thinking I’m single handed.”

“Of course,” drawled Ranor, laughing. “The Nyon always have … the power of Elderon or some nonsense by your side always, don’t you? Or you think you do.”

There was a brief pause, in which Mantra’s smile widened very slightly. “Yes, we do …”

Ranor felt his laughter grow louder, almost booming over the chatter of the rest of the restaurant.  “Well, good luck getting Elderon to save you from this now, old man.” 

“Tell me the location of the bomb, and both of us can leave this place in one fit piece.” Mantra said, leaning forward very slightly.  “Because you aren’t leaving, unless I want you to.”

“Yes, I am.” Without warning, Ranor threw his hands forth, and his smash blew the entire table and chairs behind it backwards, with Mantra soaring off along with them. He landed on the table behind him on his feet, steadying himself at lightspeed, before pelting back at Ranor. A stunned silence enveloped the entire restaurant, with some of the waiters dropping the dishes they were carrying – the revelation of two mystics in the middle of Armono was the last thing anyone in this room had dared imagine. Ranor had his sword out and ignited as Mantra hurled over him with his own. The cling of their blades meeting rang loudly over the air, sparks bursting from where they met. 

Ranor focussed every ounce of his energy and gave a brush of his hand: Mantra was thrust to the side by an invisible force, leaving Ranor to race off across the place. 

Without even waiting to open the glass door to the balcony, Ranor dashed right into it, the glass exploding over him. 

The large balcony stretched out elegantly, almost as wide as a separate room in itself. There were vehicles parked all over it, cars and bikes and a few boards. 

A man on a hover bike skimmed to a stop just before Ranor. He had slowly begun to climb off his bike when Ranor’s fist sent him flying off. Ranor threw himself over the man’s bike and raced off over the balcony and into the air. 

The wind skimmed past him as he spun the throttle harder, soaring over the city’s towers and weaving through the other vehicles at this level of the sky. 

He cast a fleeting glance back to find Mantra on another bike far behind him, closing in fast.

“You’re never gonna catch me, you old swine.” Smirking, he took the bike to its fullest throttle. Swerving to the right, he entered a well gathered stream of vehicles and merged into it. He knew that it would be harder for Mantra to spot him here, cluttered along with a host of other vehicles. 

He slowed down his speed, now levelling it with that of the other vehicles flying be alongside him. A glance backwards told him that his detour had shaken off Mantra, who was probably flying on in a completely different direction. 

Feeling the smile widen on his face, he lowered the bike’s throttle even more. A lavishly coated hover car slid forth by his side, moving faster than the rest of the vehicles. Ranor felt his eyes stray to the window of the car, and his blood froze like ice…

Sitting inside the car were watchmen. 

Watchmen.

For a stunned, reeling moment, Ranor gaped at them, feeling their flaming silhouettes imprint on his mind. 

And without another second’s notice, the watchmen’s hover car swung to the right, colliding with his bike … and taking him off it. 

A scream ripping his throat, Ranor fell through the air into a four hundred metre plummet. The world above him, the towers of the city, and the stream of vehicles overhead swum as he twisted around in freefall…

And then the roar of an electric engine sounded over his scream, and he felt the hover car with the watchmen diving forth along with him. One of them threw an arm out, grasping a handful of his robes. The car broke its fall violently, sending a jolt through Ranor.  The hand holding his robes clasped harder as the hover car swung into a straight line motion ahead. Ranor dangled by the side of the car, held by one of the watchmen, as the car sailed across.

The hover car slowed over one of the towers, and the hand holding Ranor loosened, letting him fall. Ranor thudded heavily to the ground and scurried back to his feet. But the doors of the car flew open and four watchmen jumped out, landing around him. Exiting from the backseat after them came a golden haired Brownling whom he recognised as another of the Nyon masters. Another survivor of their brotherhood.

“Good job, boys.” the Nyon told the four watchmen surrounding Ranor.
 
This can’t be happening.  thought Ranor, as he digested what he was seeing. 

The watchmen… 

They had returned…

The four of them let their beady, fiery eyes drill into him as they stood around him on the large roof, their glowing forms seeming to flicker like flame woven flesh.

And then came the gentle buzz of another electrical engine from a shrinking distance. It took Ranor a second or two before he could tear his eyes from the creatures around him and turn. 

Mantra had arrived on his hover bike, landing softly right before where he and the watchmen stood.

“Like I said,” he chuckled as he dismounted the bike. “we do have the power of Elderon by our side,” His eyes swiped the four watchmen. “Literally. Now, allow me to repeat for the last time,” He walked up slowly and stood glaring at Ranor a foot from him. “Where is the bomb?”

Faced with no other choice, Ranor told him. Mantra sent one of the watchmen to the location to destroy the bomb. He, the Brownling and the other three watchmen lingered to remain behind with him.

“Now,” said Mantra, stepping closer to him while the other four stood around him, guarding him from running. “we are desperately in need of some more vital information that we both know you’re hiding from us … you can either reveal it now, or – “ His eyes strayed beyond the roof. “We’ll allow you to complete that fall we unceremoniously interrupted you in.”

The watchmen took a step closer behind him, their fiery eyes seeming to scald his back from where they stood itself.

“All right,” Ranor panted, holding up both hands. “All right … I do have something to help you find the other nine bombs. But even if I do, you’ll have a hard time trying to find the bombs in each of the ten planets.”

“Don’t waste your worries on that.” said Dantox, cracking his knuckles as he walked forward. “Instead, worry that your information might not be satisfactory for us … because if it isn’t…”

The watchmen stepped closer, and Ranor raised his hands higher, feeling sweat coat the side of his neck. “No! It’ll be satisfactory.”

Mantra nodded. “It better be. Talk. How can we find the other bombs?”

“All right … I’ll tell you what you need to know. It’ll be enough.” Ranor swallowed a quick breath and took on a steadier voice. “The Xeni have got a hold over plenty of terrorist and crime organisations. Over the millennia, they’ve been breeding their powers, slowly extending a hold over half of the criminal underworld. And right now, they’ve reached a very powerful state through all of them. Through their criminal connections. Among these criminal organisations, they had a particular one involved for the placing of the bombs. And it’s the head of this organisation that you’ll need to find. This crime lord is the one responsible for displacing the bombs across the ten planets. I was here only to have it checked, the bomb here in this planet. This guy knows the location of all the bombs. Get to him, and you’ll have everything you need.”

Mantra nodded, his brow pressed together in a frown. “I like where this is heading. Keep talking.”


When Ranor had finished disclosing this person’s identity, and his location, Mantra had knocked him out with a swift swing of his fist. Then, he left him tied up in heavy chains and gagged at the corner of the building, so that when he woke, he would be as useless to his side as he was now. Then, turning to Nano, one of the two remaining watchmen here on the roof, Mantra nodded. 

“We have our target. The man the Xeni’s just spoken of is a quick way out of this mess. Who knew, this might have been easier than we thought.”

Nano gave a sharp nod and said, “For the sake of mankind, we must hope it is…”

“The rest of the army is waiting outside this city.” Dantox reminded them.

“Of course they are,” said Mantra. “We had decided to bring only a small handful for this small task. If we brought the entire army in, it would have scared the people here half to death. And I doubt they need any more death scares.”

“I’ll contact them, and have them follow us now.” Nano said. 

“Well,” said Mantra, his mind now stiffening with focus. “we know who we need to find to end this madness. Let’s go get him.”

“And give him the surprise of a lifetime.” added Dantox. 

And together, they entered the hover car, which leapt off the roof, and went streaking back through the sky again.


6




Meanwhile, a billion miles away, a great orange ship shaped like a falcon tore through space at a speed far faster than any other ordinary one could have achieved. Inside it, Ion sat on the pedestal in grim focus, staring at the four screens on the table opposite to him. On all four of them, the pitch black expanse of space was mirrored. 

Ion was watching the four blank screens for a long time, his mind controlling the systems of the ship. For the slightest second, a prickle of boredom arose within him. And it stirred the sleepy side of him that he had put at bay for nearly two days now. 

Pushing the boredom aside, Ion sat straight and pulled himself together. He knew that the ship could be set on autopilot, allowing him to roam about the hull and do as he pleased without staring at the four black screens opposite. But doing so would be a sign of weakening focus, and that was the one thing he would not let happen. He knew that this was the period would test his resolve and focus like never before, and whatever be the price, he would not let himself falter.

Swallowing a quick breath, he ran through the course of the plan. He would reach Velrox in about an hour now. And he would land at the outskirts of one of the villages in the planet. And then wait for the priest, Nalzes, to meet him. When Nalzes reached him, the two of them would fly to the nearby planet, Garnor, where the mystical tablet was, which Mantra had told him of. Nalzes would then use the tablet to destroy the plague crystal once and for all … and set them all free. 

Ion could feel a flicker of tension as his imagination roved over the space of time that came between here, and his arrival the planet Velrox. He knew that reaching Velrox safely and delivering the crystal to Nalzes was the most important task he had in his entire life. And nothing could go wrong in between. 

He pulled the crystal out of his pocket and stared at it grimly for a second. Setting the ship on autopilot for a second, he rose from the pedestal, exiting the strange bubble encasing it. He crossed the distance between the pedestal and the table in front and placed the crystal right before one of the four screens. He knew that this would serve as a constant visible reminder of the intensity of what was now happening. And what was at stake. 

__________


“An orange ship shaped like a falcon passed one of our invisible hotspots … and was found positive on mystical energy readings. Highly positive.” The voice on the z-com stopped to heave a deep breath. “We think we’ve just found a mystic travelling across space somewhere at the edge of the inner spectrum.”

Naxim officer Vrrad lowered the z-com very slowly. For a second, he almost considered wondering if he was hearing right. But sadly, he knew he was. 

“What’s the ship’s colour?” officer Vrrad breathed into the z-com, his eyes straining to keep from widening. “The ship which you just mentioned, which passed the invisible hotspot and was found positive on mystical energy readings?”

He knew that with the Naxim having rigged the spectrum with mystical energy detecting hotspots, any ship passing through these hotspots would be detected if found carrying even a trace of mystical energy. And one had now…

There was a slow rustle of breathing on the line. And then the person delivering this report to officer Vrrad replied in a hushed voice. 

“It’s a deep orange ship, shaped like a falcon. The hotspot had picked up its energy readings - there’s only one person in it. And it’s a mystic.”

“Do you have its location right now?” asked Vrrad.

“Yeah,” replied the man. “It just passed less than a minute back. And we have its line of travel. We’ll have it sent to you, and you’ll know exactly where the ship’s at.”

“Do it.” ordered Vrrad, his pulse racing. “Do it fast!”

Disconnecting the line, Vrrad made a hurried call to another member of his squad. The video call was answered, and a holographic screen formed in the air over the z-com. The squad member Vrrad had called stared out of the screen. 

“Get the other members of our squad, all of them!” barked Vrrad. “Suit up and get our ship ready. Now.”

The man lifted an eyebrow. “What is it?”

“Surprise, surprise.” said Vrrad. “A mystic’s just wandered right into our grasp.”

__________


A mild drowsiness settled over Ion. And the alert state of his mind was beginning to waver. His gaze was firmly fixed to the four holo screens hovering atop, and nothing but the endless black chasm of space was seen on all four sides. And after gazing idly at the pitless blackness for a steady stream of time, he couldn’t blame himself for feeling sleepy. 

His eyes wandered wistfully to the cozy sofa like seats at the back of the hull. Maybe I should set in on autopilot, and just take a short nap.

Instantly, a part of him squealed in protest: he was carrying the most important item in this universe now. His eyes stalled over the plague crystal on the table before him. Risking this was not a worthy endeavour. He had to stay awake and alert. Even if it meant carrying the weight of many sleepless nights. 

So be it, then. He submitted to his higher reasoning, jolting himself back into alertness.

He kept his thoughts latched to the goal. He could estimate that he would reach the planet in less than an hour…

An hour… he thought bitterly. An hour of sitting here with nothing to do, and with nothing to stare at save for the empty blackness of space all around…

The minutes trickled past, and his mind wandered … Visions of escape fiddled with his focus … he felt his eyelids grow heavy again… his straightened posture was beginning to slacken … strange stirrings occurred at the back of his ears … and then a blissful quiet had stolen over him, so that he couldn’t even hear his snores echoing within the hull.


All worries, all pains were vanquished … put well off reach. Bliss like nothing else cloaked the world. And Ion along with it. 

Slowly emerging from the warm layer of inner peace, Ion awoke slowly. 

His eyes fluttered open. Finding himself through the grogginess, he decided to sit straight on the pedestal he had fallen asleep over. And suddenly, the murkiness of his sleep vaporised in an instant: he wasn’t sleeping on the pedestal at all, he realised as he opened his eyes. He was sitting bound in iron chains to a chair in the middle of a large empty room, with the seal of the Naxim pasted over the door opposite to him. 


7




For a moment, his jaw fallen open, Ion wondered madly if he was dreaming … he could feel the steadily rising thuds of his heart hammering in his chest, louder and faster by the passing second. 

What just happened? he wondered, feeling his throat go dry. How in the world did I get here?

He racked his mind for something that had happened in between, which he must have forgotten. But it then occurred to him that he had fallen asleep in Flamebird, and had awoken inside of a Naxim facility’s room, bound. He had evidently been attacked in the middle of his sleep. The officers must have stunned him when they secretly boarded the ship, leaving him to face a nasty awakening when the time came for it. 

I’ve been captured by the Naxim! His alarm and panic spun out of bounds with the full implications of the realisation: Where’s the crystal? What’ve they done to Flamebird?

He tried mustering every ounce of his will to use his powers. To help him break out. But it was of no use: the irons binding him were clearly made and welded for mystics. They were far too strong, for him at least. He was trapped. And there was nothing there could be done. 

His breath now came in short, panicky gasps. He tried to look about. But the iron chains bound his neck as well, so that he couldn’t twist it too much without breaking it. Still and helpless as the walls closing around him, he sat there watching what felt like a few millennia soar by. The only sounds falling to his ears were the incessant, loud drumming of his heart. 

This can’t be happening! Just when everything was going on a direction, a steady path, Ion had brought it all crashing down. He had let himself be led astray by one foolish, pathetic impulse … he had lost it. Just when he’d found it. If only he had kept himself awake at that dire time he was needed to.

What are they going to do with me? Why isn’t anyone here? What’s going on?

It took a long, panicky moment before he could gather his resolve and force himself calm. He breathed in a slow, rhythmic pattern for a whole minute, allowing the panic to drain. As he stopped, finding a measure of control again … he heard it:

Another slow, hiss like breathing … coming from right behind him. 

“So,” said a cold voice behind him, leaving the faintest thud of his footsteps as he stepped forward. “Where do we begin, mystic?”

__________


Officer Vrrad walked ahead of his captive, whose orange eyes had gone wide as apples as he looked at him. It had been too easy… they had taken a few battle ships, but had needed none: as they approached the ship, a stealth team they had deployed secretly dug into the majestic falcon shaped ship. The boy, the sole passenger in the large and lavish ship, had been sound asleep on the driving pedestal. Without breaking a sweat, they had stunned him so that he stayed asleep as long as they needed him to…

Vrrad walked ahead of the boy, wearing a cold, triumphant sneer.

Ion saw that the officer was carrying a space mask, a helmet with a glass covering upfront, by his hands. He was wearing a full white suit that seemed puffed up and cushiony. This was a space suit. What they were in now, was not a planet. They were in a space station. This was a Naxim space station, and he was being held there. 

“Where’s my ship?” he demanded, not afraid to let the menace show in his voice. 

 The officer bent down, his sneer vanishing behind a more serious expression. “I’m the one asking questions here.”

He sent his fist hurtling into Ion’s belly and Ion gasped loudly, bending forward on his bound chair. Groaning in pain, he felt another slice of agony as he accidentally bit his tongue. 

Coughing, he spat out a globule of blood, eyes burning with tears.

“Good. I see you’ve picked up the vibe of you stay here.” Vrrad gave a cold laugh. He sank his hand into his suit pocket and pulled out a z-com. Dialing furiously, he barked into the device, “I want all of you now. Our guest requires some entertainment.” 

In a short minute, the door opposite, with the Naxim seal, burst open. Seven other men in puffy white suits, their faces covered in space masks, stormed into the room. Two of them stepped up by either side of the officer. 

The officer turned and called, “Allow him a glimpse of the present we’ve got for him, won’t you?” One of the others strode forth from behind and handed the man what looked like a gun. But Ion saw, as the officer turned, that it wasn’t the Sparkler. It was the Stinger. The torture gun. 

Vrrad watched the foreboding stir in the boy’s eyes. 

“I see you’re no stranger to the world of interrogation,” he said, beckoning to the Stinger. “Now, I want you to listen very closely. 

He bent closer to Ion, his face now mere inches from Ion’s. 

“The spectrum is now at war. With your kind. We’re now at a state of threat like nothing else because of you. You’ve pushed us well over the edge, and the time has passed where we show you any of the mercy we’d shown before.” He paused to let the effect of the words sink in, and then said, “We are going to hunt down every last one among you, and find the ones responsible for the attacks. At whatever cost necessary…” 

His voice went softer. “If you co operate with us and make our jobs slightly easier, you will have some mercy. We want the details of every mystic that you’re in contact with, who’re hiding in the outer spectrum. Spill it all right now. Or else …”

His eyes wandered to the Stinger, which he casually held up in front of Ion.

Ion gritted his teeth, summoning all of his willpower to keep himself steady.

The officer pointed the tip of the ghastly gun to Ion’s chest. 

“One chance, if you wanna live.” he breathed into Ion’s ear. “Tell us everything. How many other mystics do you know of? How many are you in contact with? We know countless of your dear friends are still foolishly hiding out there. We want all of their locations and details. Do us this favour, and we might soften up on you just a little.”

Scowling, Ion watched the gun hovering in front of him. And before he knew what was doing, he threw his head back and laughed.

“Shoot me, then.” he yelled at the man, whose expression, taken aback, was hidden quickly. “I’ve faced far worse than that.” His eyes focussed on the gun tip sailing before him. 

The air seemed to tighten in the room. The seven men’s postures suddenly grew stiff. They took a step forward towards him. Some of them crunched their knuckles in menacing gestures. 

Vrrad watched him closely, no longer sneering. He had the Stinger lowered for a moment, wondering if this was going to work after all. Then, without warning, he shot. 

The yellow orb erupted from the Stinger’s tip, smashing into Ion’s chest. Unbearable agony exploded all through him. The scream of pain he released drowned the entire room, bouncing inside its tiny walls. 

“You still think you’re tough, huh?” laughed the officer, the sneer rising to his face again. “You still think you’re tough?”

Ion fixed the officer with his burning gaze and spat, “Go on and you’ll find out!”

Vrrad’s mouth hung loose for a moment, startled at his captive’s unfazed rebel attitude, even in the face of the gravest of tortures. Now with the sneer completely wiped from his face, he fixed the Stinger in aim again. “Enjoy this, then, tough guy.”

The second bolt of yellow seemed to crash into Ion with ten times the impact of the first, knocking his chair back slightly. Ion felt his every pore scream in agony, ablaze with a furied pain like no other. 

God, make it stop!

He panted heavily for a few seconds. The Naxim officers stood around, watching without mercy. The pain of the second shot faded far slower than the first, seeming to sear its impact right into his bones… 

But the memory of Vestra flashed past him, and Ion’s fists clenched. His teeth gritted. 

“Kill me, then.” he whispered, finishing his rasping pants. “I ain’t telling you nothing.”

The officer hid his surprise at Ion’s continued resistance quickly, and rose the Sparkler again. But a second later, as Ion braced himself for another seizure of agony, the man lowered his Sparkler and turned to the two men standing by him.

He leaned by and whispered to them, “I don’t this one’s giving us anything.” A short pause. “There’s nothing more to it. We’ll just have to dispose of him.”

The other two exchanged looks, and then nodded. 

Dispose of me, then. Now with the moment finally upon him, Ion felt a sudden, almost unnerving calm. 

“Well, you have your wish, mystic.” said Vrrad. He looked from one man to the other, among the two uniformed masked men standing by him. “Would you like to do the honours?”

The two of them gave another crisp nod together.

Vrrad smiled, his eyes bearing not an inkling of pity as they found Ion. 

“Execute him.” he said to the two. 

The two officers by either side of him drew their Sparklers, holding aim together at Ion…

Ion drew in a deep breath. A final breath…

The two officers by Vrrad’s either side kept their aims locked to him firmly. And then, without warning, they spun about and opened fire on the other officers … Jets of blue streaked across the small room, flying from both their Sparklers. Vrrad and the other four of the suited officers slid to the floor, hit by their Sparkler shots. 

Shock and confusion crashed over Ion. 

The two Naxim officers, who had struck down their own comrades, turned and removed their space masks. 

Vestra and Qyro let their beaming smiles fall over Ion. 

“You scratch our back…” said Qyro. 

“We scratch yours.” finished Vestra. 


8




They cut him free from the iron bindings with their power swords, which they had hidden at the back of their suits. 

Rubbing his arms where the chains had been clasped, Ion gaped at the two of them. He was stumped for an overwhelming moment. But through the disbelief and shock flooding him, he felt delight like nothing else his whole life.

“But - how?” he gasped, when finally managed to wrench out his voice.

“We escaped.” said Vestra simply, her eyes scanning the entire room they were in, looking if any of the cops were still conscious. 

“There was one hover bike left in the temple’ vehicle shed.” explained Qyro. “Just when the temple was collapsing, we managed to get it, and had the meanest stroke of luck to zoom off just in time.”

Ion waited for a moment, before softly asking, “And … the other masters?”

The grins slid off both of their faces, and they looked at each other in heaviness. 

Ion’s fists curled as a re awakened blaze of anger filled him. Oh, we’ll have them avenged … no matter what.

“We were lying low for a while,” went on Qyro. “And then,” His voice trailed off, and he exchanged a dark look with Vestra. 

“Did you … see it?” he asked, turning back to Ion. 

“See what?” asked Ion.

The two of them watched him silently, as though afraid of going on.

“Oh, yeah,” Ion’s jaws clenched involuntarily. “Of course I did. The whole spectrum did.”

His mind flew back to the horrid video they’d watched in the restaurant. The Xeni pronouncing their return … and that there would be ten planets blown off to celebrate it. 

Qyro shook his head heavily, a look of despair in his eyes. 

“Ten planets!” he gasped. “And one has already been blown off!”

Ion realised that there was a lot that they needed to catch up on, since that video had transpired. “Mantra, Dantox and the watchmen - by the way, the conch my master gave me was the Grael conch - are going to go and try to find the bombs and stop them.”

Instead of looking surprised, the two of them simply nodded. 

“We know.” said Vestra. 

“After we saw the video,” explained Qyro. “We realised how dangerous a predicament were now in. we thought we were the only two survivors, and if that was so…” His voice faded with a bleak note. 

“If that was so,” took over Vestra. “we knew there was no hope at all for stopping the Xeni, and we knew it. So we tried contacting the other masters one by one. Mantra happened to be alive. He told us everything. He told us to join you in this journey, and protect the crystal along with you. We’re here because he told us to be.”

“When we reached near flamebird, we saw a naxim ship nearby.” Shazine said. “but before we could get close, they had slipped into the ship and gotten to you. We knew that the only hope of saving you was to secretly enter the naxim ship and disguise ourselves among the naxim crew.”
 
“You were lucky we were near you when the Naxim ships attacked you.” said Qyro.
 “If we hadn’t, you’d probably be dead by now.”

“Yeah, I probably would.” admitted Ion. “Thanks. Now, let’s get outta here.” He paused as something occurred to him, and his breath grew racy with panic. “The plague crystal was in the ship! Did you see what they did to my ship?”

“Don’t worry, it’s here.” said Vestra. 

“They’ve brought it here, to keep it stored with them.” said Qyro. “We saw them take it to in a large dome shaped building in another side of this space station.”

Relief washed through Ion. “Thank the heavens. Let’s go get it.” The plague crystal better be safe where I left it inside of the ship.

As the three of them crossed the room, Ion’s gaze skimmed over the five bodies on the floor. “Are they dead?”

“Nope, stunned.” Qyro wagged his gun. “They’re stun Sparklers.” 

They exited the door warily, and found themselves in a massive space station. Ion’s spine tingled as he gazed about, intaking the momentousness of its build. The entire station would have probably been ten times the size of a regular cruiser … It was almost as large as a small city. 

They were now striding though a large metallic expanse. Metallic buildings erected on the expanse could be seen lining the sides, further off. It was almost like a city floating in mid space. Looming above them, vast and pitch black, was space. As Ion gazed upwards, he felt a moment of reckless, panicky awe at the scene they wee now in. 

The entire space station had evidently been enclosed in a Plasmon shield, which was why they were able to breathe and were able to feel an illusionary sense of gravity below their feet. 

It was as good as a city in mid space, moulded completely out of metal.

They crept down the space station, skulking in the shadows and making themselves unseen. But an eerie emptiness filled the entire place, with no one seen about outside. Vestra and Qyro led Ion to a large dome shaped building at the end of the large metallic platform, where Flamebird was being held. They entered it to find the majestic bird sitting right at the centre. 

There were five empty hover cars stationed before the ship. 

For an uncertain moment the three of them stood at the entrance of the dome shaped hall, which was doused in complete silence. They let their eyes roam over the entire place carefully, trying to find any unwanted company. But they were completely alone, with the ship ahead of them waiting for their taking. 

Qyro turned to the other two with a smile. 

“Cake.” he whistled, and the three of them walked strode down the large hall. As they neared, it happened. 

The five hover cars stationed between them and the ship gave a sudden, sharp shudder. And then their metallic bodies seemed to churn with a loud, grinding noise … Before the three Nyon knew what had happened, the five cars had transformed. And in their place now stood five giant robots with broad, lanky shoulders and hefty builds. They towered to around twice the height of an average man, their large thick arms leaving a gorilla like touch to their appearance.

Ion couldn’t say he was surprised: they had to expect something guarding the ship. But as the five robots raised their arms as one, the grinding noise of gears and levers shifting came again, and their arms had transformed - one into a giant canon like gun, and the other into a missile roller.  

The five canons exploded as one, sending five orbs of red soaring at the three Nyon.

Holy smoke! Ion grabbed Qyro, pulling the two of them to the right while Vestra made a swift dive to her left. Not a split second later, the spot the three of them had been standing in erupted in smoke and fire, taking the pounding of five canon orbs. 

Through the swirl of dust and smoke, Ion saw the robots’ slowly refocus themselves. And this time, the missile launchers began to roll… 

“Missiles!” roared Qyro, but Ion was already in motion. His sword was out and blazing as the missile rollers fired. He saw one of the deadly rockets wiz just over him as he made a lightspeed duck to avoid it. Behind him, he felt the other two hurling themselves off the way of the four others. The entire structure, its walls and the earth below shuddered violently as the missiles hit the earth and blasted. Filling the place in five wild splashes of orange. The explosions cleaved the air, and Ion’s eardrums along with it. He clenched his jaws hard, shrugging his shoulders: the sound of the five blasts would have taken any ordinary person’s hearing, and even for his sound mystic powers, the sudden loud noise left panic splitting him like a dagger. He kept himself together, unfaltering, and lunged…

His hair few back as he soared gracefully across ten feet, rising to the chest level of the foremost of the giant robots. Barely hearing his own crazy warscream, he sent his sword slicing right through the wide torso of the robot, flying between its right arm. As he landed behind and rolled over the ground, he saw the robot he had cut stagger a step or two, before coming to the ground in two giant, useless metallic pieces.  

Two of the remaining four kept focus to Qyro and Vestra, shooting at them while they dodged at thoughtspeed and raced forth towards them. The other two slowly turned over to face Ion, their canon and missile launcher arms rising. Ion held out a hand, focussing every bit of his reserves … and a smash sprung out of his hand. It crashed into one of the giant robots, which was crushed like tin foil and sent flying back … 

Meanwhile, Qyro and Vestra launched themselves towards the other two firing at them, their shining swords swirling, ready for the kill… 

As the last robot facing him rolled its missile launcher, moments from deploying one, Ion did the only thing left: his blade’s shining orange light seemed to draw swirling shimmers over the metallic floors, the walls, ceiling, and the robot’s body itself as it went flying towards the robot. It met Ion’s aim with deadly precision, cleaving right through the torso. It slashed through the robot’s torso with a shower of sparks. The upper half of the robot wobbled and toppled to the ground, and the lower half followed a second later, with two loud thuds, one a second after the other. 

Ion held out and caught his sword as it came twirling over the air and back to him, in a full circle.

The three of them looked at each other from three different ends of the room, standing over the remains of the five giant robots. One of them had been crushed by Ion’s smash. The other four had been chopped apart - two by him, and one by Qyro and Vestra each.

“You guys all right?” Ion called to the other two, who gave a swift nod in response. “Great.” 

He turned and faced the giant ship, with its familiar, gleaming eyes. As it had before, a ramp caved out from the bottom of the ship, landing on the ground before them.

Feeling a smile play at his lips, Ion turned to the other two, who were walking up towards him. 

“We’re on.”


The three of them boarded the ship, and sent it blasting out of the space station without a second’s hesitation. Sitting over the pedestal, Ion checked Flamebird, using his mind to search it for any sort of hidden tracking device that might have been implanted by the Naxim. Sensing none, he set the ship in autopilot and drew himself up from the pedestal, exiting the bubble like encasing. His eyes stalled on the table upfront, and he felt a great swell of relief to find the crystal perched before the four screens, right where he had left it. 

I’m never losing sight of that thing again. he thought, snatching the crystal from the table and stuffing it back into his pocket. 


9



Vaniox, Eldyym Kingdom, Cluster 26

Atop a giant tower in the city stood a most peculiar group of people: one of them was a short, elderly man and next to him stood a Brownling with golden hair, both of them cloaked. Behind them, standing in a line, were what looked like a bunch of men made of a glowing, orange substance that left their entire forms lit like torches. 

Mantra smiled as he gazed across the towers rising before him, at a particular one not more than hundred metres away from where they now were. 

“That’s where our dear target is.” he told Dantox, who was also surveying the tower with narrowed eyes. “The one who holds the key to what we’re now after.”

He turned to Nano and the small group of watchmen they had brought along here. “The man is a crime lord going by the name Zevinog.” 

“Let’s end it, then.” said Dantox, frowning. “It’s taken us long enough to get here.”

This was true: it had been a journey from one cluster to another. It would have been far faster if they had used the space gates between the two clusters. But, afraid that the space gates might also be armed with mystical energy hotspots that may have given them away to the Naxim, they had decided on the conventional long distance voyage between the two clusters. But they were lucky enough not to have experienced any trouble along the way even in that safer route.

“Well, let’s head in for it, then.” Mantra looked around at them all as he said it. “I’m pretty sure Zevinog doesn’t enjoy waiting.”

Dantox nodded, his frown dissolving behind a look of fierce fervour. 

His arms folded, Nano nodded and took a step forward beside Mantra. 

“So what is the plan, if I may ask, masters?” he asked the two Nyon masters. 

His eyes steadily fixed over the tower, Mantra smiled. “The one he never sees coming.”

__________


The man known as Zevinog sat slumped on his chair, with his legs over the desk before him. This large, lavish room which he used as his office was decorated with a range of paintings over its smooth, coloured walls. The tiled floor was polished and smooth to an almost over elegant manner.

A batch of Rash-cons lay lining the all by his right, rigid and ice like in stillness. They would spring into action with the meanest command from Zevinog. An emergency door lay shut with a digitpad right beside where he sat. 

The room’s main door lay across the large room, and Zevinog’s bodyguard stood ahead of. Large, well built and intimidating, Swoon was the perfect assistant/ bodyguard for a man like Zevinog – a man who needed a rigid level of security around him all the time. Controlling and running a crime empire wasn’t as neat and clean a business as people usually thought it was. 

He drew his thoughts back to focus on his job. 

Brushing the smooth material that made his suit, Zevinog withdrew his legs from the desk and sat straight. He tapped a spot on the desk, and a holographic screen formed above it, hanging still on the air. He scanned the screen, reading file after file that came along it slowly and closely before attending to it, and passing to the next. 

The serenity that robed his office was shattered as the bell rung. Annoyed, Zevinog looked up from the screen: someone was at the door to his office. 

He looked up to see who it was. 

Swoon tapped a spot on the digitpad on the wall beside the door. The door slid open with a faint hiss and the next moment, there was a loud thud and Swoon was sent flying backwards. 

Mantra stood at the entrance, his eyes carrying along with the bodyguard as he slowly landed in a crumpled heap in the centre of the room. His eyes rested over the body of the man, whom he had punched, before slowly rising to meet a shellshocked Zevinog, who was frozen in a half bolt to his feet from his chair. 

“There’ll be no need for that,” Mantra announced calmly. “It’s really of no use. Not against me, at least.”

Zevinog was stripped of all thoughts except one: he was now facing some kind of attack. 

Without turning his head, he roared, “Rash-cons, get him!”

The space between the robots and the short man at the entrance was suddenly streaked with jets of light. 

But Mantra lazily flicked his hand, and the seventeen or so Sparkler shots flickered and died as they hit the shield that shimmered to life right before him. He felt a smile twist his lip as he saw the flabbergasted look on the crime lord’s face when he saw this. 

The Rash-cons came sprinting at him, all of their guns spraying him with incessant lights. But Mantra had his sword out and ignited in a flash, and he launched into action… 

Zevinog felt his jaw drop lower and lower still as he watched, stunned. If he hadn’t met and communicated with mystics before in his life, this sight would have half killed him with shock: the short old man had landed amidst the batch of Rash-cons. Then, he had dissolved behind a violent swirl of orange light as he spun his sword at lightspeed, blocking the shots they sent at him, and cutting through them all at he same time… 

Within three mere seconds, the dozen or so Rash-cons littered the elegantly tiled floor of his office, their chopped parts still steaming with an orange glow where the mystic’s sword had cut it. The mystic lay bent on the ground, his white eyes stalled on the wreckage of robot parts around the floor, his sword held out on one hand … shining in bright orange, and leaving wisps of a vapour like substance to fill the air around it. 

Wrenching himself from the shock, Zevinog sprang into motion… 

Mantra slowly doused his blade, and let his white eyes rise over the scene before him. He watched the target, the crime lord, vanish behind a supposed emergency door that had been right beside him. As he disappeared behind it, the door instantly slid shut. Mantra leaped across the room and reached the door. There was a digitpad by the side of the door, with a password required to open it. 

Mantra held up his left hand and summoned a gush of his mystical energy. The wall around the door cracked and blasted apart as the door broke and flew forward. He peered into long corridor emerging behind, and saw that the crime lord was faster than he appeared: he had disappeared behind a bend that came at the far end of the corridor.

Well, good luck, where you’re heading. thought Mantra. You’ll probably need it.

__________


Zevinog tore down the corridor, bending and twisting along with it. This emergency passageway led him directly to the vehicle pod at the other end of this large floor, where his ship awaited. 

Keeping one hand steady over the Sparkler hanging by his belt, Zevinog sailed down the corridor, running faster than he had ever run his entire life.

That man … That mystic … 

Zevinog knew who he was. He was a one of them. One of the fabled enemies of the Xeni … the Nyon. 

Deep down, after signing up to work for the Xeni, he should have expected this. He had been too blind not to.

He arrived at the end of the long corridor, and burst into the large platform that hung at the edge of the floor. A large, majestic ship sat right ahead of him, painted in a shining dark black. 

As he arrived before the ship, a large ramp fell out from the bottom of the craft, landing right before him. He flew up the ramp, stopping only when he reached the hull. But as his eyes fell over the inside of the hull, he felt what was left of the blood in his face drain it completely.

Nano and a group of ten watchmen stood leaning by the wall inside of the hull, gazing serenely at the crime lord they had expected to come bursting in here anytime now. Dantox stood leaning by the wall at the very back, casually watching the proceedings with a smile. 

As Zevinog stood stiffened before them, Nano stepped forward before the man. He had to suppress a sudden, mad urge to throttle the inhumane, unremorseful creature before him. He certainly would have, if not for the sad fact that they needed him alive. To tell them where the ten bombs were, and lead them to it.

As the crime lord stood rooted to the spot, Nano took a final step forward upto him swung his fist across. It smacked the man with a quiet thud across his face, sending him flying back. The unconscious body hit the ramp and rolled down, coming to a mundane stop at its foot.


As Zevinog slowly came around, he found himself back in his office. But the atmosphere he woke up to, in the office, was a completely different one. An atmosphere of slowly swelling dread. 

Standing coolly around the room were the group of strange fiery creatures that had attacked him. And the short, old mystic as well.

They had placed him on his chair, which was pushed to the corner of the room, far away from both of his exits. And the mystic and the strange creatures stood around in front of him, all their eyes frozen over him.

The old man, whom Zevinog had guessed to belong to the Nyon, stepped closer, his white eyes drilling right through him. By his side was the Brownling with golden hair he had seen in his ship. 

Mantra cleared his throat, before crafting the most simpering smile he could out of his features. “So, Zevinog, is it? … Tell us what we need to know. And perhaps we’ll let you live.”

Zevinog needed a few seconds to find his voice, and spoke in a strained croak: “Who … are you people?” 

“We believe you already know.” said Dantox softly. 

“Or rather, working for those wretched excuses that you call as people, you should know.” corrected Mantra. 

Zevinog’s eyes darted between Dantox and Mantra, before he breathed, “Nyon…”

“Yes.” Mantra nodded. “Not bad, you’re learning to catch up.”

Zevinog’s terrified gaze roamed over the watchmen clustering behind Mantra again, and the confusion in his eyes deepened.

“All right, all right.” He held up his hands. “I’ll give you what you want. What do you want?”

“You know what we want.” said Dantox, folding his hands before him. “I hope you do.”

Zevinog’s breathing grew into panicked pants, as he surveyed the scene before him. Then, slowly steadying himself, he said, “All right. I do know why you’re here. My organisation is the one the Xeni used to have the electro bombs installed in the ten planets.” He looked about at them all, eyes filled with desperacy. “I believe that’s what you want?”

“Keep going.” ordered Mantra.

Zevinog nodded, his breathing slowing. “I know which ten planets they’ve wired.” He hesitated. “But I have no clue exactly where the bombs are.”

“What do you mean?” asked Mantra, his voice sharpening. “You know which planets they are, but not where the bombs are in those planets?”

Zevinog’s face crumpled with fear as Mantra bored into him with his eyes. He gulped and said, “No. exactly where each planet’s bomb is placed, I don’t know. The Xeni were the ones who decided on that.” As Mantra continued to bear down upon him, he hurriedly added, “Oh, all right … I can chance a guess on a few of the locations of the bombs. But it’s purely at your risk: I’m not sure I’ll be right.”

“Tell us the location of the one that’s about to go off now.” commanded Dantox. “In this hour.”

“It is in the planet Agrath, in cluster 32.” said Zevinog. His voice teetered at a hesitative edge, and then he added, “If I know correctly - and I hope I do - the bomb is hidden deep within one of the long abandoned gas chambers in a city known as Hyrigor in sector 232 of the planet.” 

He gave them the exact directions to reaching the correct gas chamber in the city, and Mantra listened closely, alongside Dantox. He knew Nano, standing beside him, was drinking in every word, without forgetting. 

The leader of the watchmen stepped forward to face Zevinog, who seemed to shrink into himself, terror deepening as he came face to face with this strange specimen. 

“And exactly how much time do we have,” asked Nano. “before the bomb goes off?”

Zevinog held up his hand, gesturing to wait. Then, he pulled out his z-com from within his suit with the free hand, and produced a holo screen. A screen displaying the time. Then, as the screen closed, he looked from Nano to Mantra, and a pained smile flickered on his face.

“Well, actually … the bomb’s about to go off in three minutes.”

Mantra felt the air in his lungs sharpen like a razor. 

“Three minutes?” he hissed, exchanging a glance with Dantox, whose face had turned into a mirror of his own alarm. 

Zevinog’s voice came as a weak whisper. “I can’t- I can’t do anything. The bomb is timed. The only way to stop it is to get there and destroy it. I’m … sorry.”

Mantra spun around at the watchmen behind them. But they didn’t need telling twice…

“We shall proceed on it, master.” said the foremost of the bunch. 

“Take the ship parked outside.” ordered Nano, his voice tense. “Go, hurry! You heard the location?”

“Yes we did.” they all echoed, nodding. 

And then, without another second splintered in waste, the group of seven watchmen took to their heels, racing out of the emergency door towards the ship which Zevinog had parked out his platform.

Mantra felt his calm and composure was now crumble beneath a slow, building panic. He could feel the same sense of dread from Dantox, who was standing there with slightly wide eyes. 

“Three minutes…” Dantox repeated absently. 

Nano, who had remained behind, looked between them and gave a consoling nod.

“Let us not worry, masters … they will get there.”

Mantra stopped and looked at Zevinog, who had his back pressed as tightly to the chair behind as possible, as if wishing to melt into it and disappear. 

“For your sake, Zevinog … let’s hope they do.”

__________


The bunch of watchmen who had just left Vanirox in Zevinog’s ship blasted right across space in it. They knew that this space jump, from this planet to the target planet Agrath, would take about two minutes… 

In that one remaining minute, they would have to save an entire planet by finding and destroying the bomb. 

The watchmen were spirits of Elderon, but made with an earthen shell. And in that earthen shell, they were vulnerable to emotions such as fear, as long as it as directed at the purpose of good. 

And right now, they felt their focussed minds waver in submission to fear … fear that they may not be able to reach the planet, and save it in time. And this was a well reasoned, rationally plausible fear. 

Because the truth was … that within those three minutes, reaching and stopping the bomb would require nothing short of a miracle.

__________


“How much more time?” 

Mantra’s voice had a bite of impatience, mixed with a hidden fear. 

Zevinog produced his z-com and the same holo screen formed in the air atop it. He lowered the device, and the screen along with it, and said from over it, “Less than two minutes.”

Feeling his teeth grit, Mantra continued to pace the room with his hands fastened behind his back. Nano stood still where he was before Zevinog, though his posture stiffened very mildly. 

Less than two minutes. The words repeated in Mantra’s head as he prowled up and down the room, trying to calm his nerves. 

Dantox was twiddling with his thumbs in a display of nervousness. 

“I’ll be able to tell when the bomb goes off” Zevinog blanched as all three of them rounded on him, and hurriedly added: “Err, I mean if it goes of.”

Mantra gave a mirthless chuckle, turned and continued pacing. “I don’t need you to. I’ll know if it does myself.”

__________


AGRATH, CLUSTER 32
	
The watchmen’s ship had reached the city Hyrigor, and had rounded in on the gas chambers of the city, within two and a half minute…

Thirty seconds to oblivion for this entire planet.

The batch of watchmen were now hurtling through the abandoned facility that made this gas chamber, following the directions of the crime lord.

They were mentally making the countdown: 

Twenty five seconds…

They stopped as they reached the exact gas chamber, wrenched its double sided door open and found themselves in a gigantic chamber, like that of a factory. Large, abandoned tools and machines lay all around the giant room, engulfed in dust. 

They scanned the entire place silently, for the description of the electro bomb, as Zevinog had given it. 

Twenty seconds…

And then, as one, the entire batch of seven watchmen focussed their beady eyes at the small, cubicle like glass container at the far edge of the chamber … inside of which a clutter of wires could be seen, all of them twining around what looked like a missile. 

The bomb. The electro bomb.

Fifteen seconds… The very nick of time. 

“It is done,” the foremost of them called, releasing his breath. “We have found it.” 

And the entire lot, as one, shot down the room, jumping over the abandoned equipment and machines…

They felt relief now swell within them, for they had made it. They had arrived at the very razor edged nick of time, to save this planet. With not more than ten seconds left. Ten mean seconds!

The foremost of the seven reached for his sword to slice the giant cubicle from its centre. His blade had left its sheath halfway … before the entire place was swallowed in a blinding flare of white hot light. A radiating blast of energy and light that consumed the entire planet, ripping it apart and sending the giant chunks of rock that remained of it rocketing far across space.

__________


Mantra twitched once. 

And then he was completely still, standing as frozen as an ice block in the middle of the large room. Behind him, he could feel Nano shaking his head solemnly, sighing.

Forcing down the rage that came surging up within him, as deadly as the blast that had just devoured the innocent planet, Mantra turned and strode back to Zevinog. 

The crime lord held his z-com lowered in his hand, with the screen showcasing the countdown vanishing. His features contorted in a wave of fear as he looked into Mantra’s eyes. 

“I’m sorry - it wasn’t my fault -”

But the end of his sentence was engulfed by a loud, guttural gasp as Mantra sent a blow to his stomach, making him bend forward, spluttering senselessly.

“It certainly was your fault, Zevinog.” growled Mantra, bringing his face less than an inch from the crime lord’s. “And you undoubtedly will pay the price for the innocent lives you’ve just destroyed … But now, tell us the location of the other eight.”

Zevinog caught hold of his breath slowly, and began speaking. He told them which the eight marked planets remaining were, and the locations of the bombs in three of the eight. The other five, he admitted honestly, were completely out of his knowledge … The watchmen had to get to that planet, and find where the bombs were themselves. 

As Zevinog finished, Mantra turned to the leader of the watchmen and Dantox, both of whom were reflecting his own desperate seriousness.

“The rest of the army,” he told them. “We’ll have them spread out, and get to these eight planets, to destroy the bombs.”

Nano seemed to be engrossed in thought for a moment. 

“What is it?” asked Mantra, looking at him. “Nano, is something wrong?”

Nano seemed not to have heard him, continuing to look thought absorbed. Then, slowly, he said, “The planet that is about to go off next… if I am not mistaken, this planet happens to be … in the outer spectrum.”

The … Outer spectrum. Mantra felt his eyes widen slightly as he recorded the meaning of that sentence. He felt his head sway to face Zevinog, who nodded weakly and said, “It is.”

“That means,” Mantra whispered, feeling a fresh surge of panic rise within him. “It may take long to reach there. Possibly even…” His breath dried before he said it. 

“… More than an hour.” finished an equally shocked Dantox, his voice just as bleak. 

The two of them looked at Nano, who gave a nod. 

“And sadly, that is less than what we have: an hour” said Nano softly. “Because this bomb goes off in this coming hour … and the ticking has started. We will need to get there well within an hour, if we stand a chance to save the planet. If not…” He shook his head solemnly. “We shall simply be wasting our resources .. And lives trying.”

“Wait, are you saying…” Dantox began slowly, who seemed to be applying some quick, cold logic himself. “That … if this planet is too far away, and if it seems that we won’t be able to reach it well within an hour … we should abandon it?”

Nano gave a strained sigh. “Only for the greater good. The good of the other seven planets. If we waste ourselves trying to rescue this one planet, when it is clear that we cannot … then we would achieve nothing in the end, and we would be compromising the chances we had of saving the other seven. Instead of that, we could leave that one planet and focus all our resources on tracking and finding the bombs in the other seven. That may be more prudent.”

“But what if this planet’s not so far away,” ventured Mantra. “and we stand a chance of reaching it and saving it in an hour?…”

Nano waited for a second, and then broke a firm nod. “Then we go for it … but only if the journey to the planet comes well within one hour. Because let us not forget - we need to go there, and then find the bomb. We shall be needing time for that as well.”

“Absolutely.” agreed Dantox. “If we are going to take this risk, we need to make sure that it’s one that’s well calculated. And well worth it.”

“We’ll first find out how far this planet is,” said Mantra. “And how long the journey would take.” He snapped around to face Zevinog and held out his hand, “z-com.”

Terrified, the man produced his z-com, and passed it to Mantra. Among the z-com’s many functions were the recorded distances between planets. And Mantra checked the distance between this planet, and the next one which was about to go off, located in the outer spectrum. And he estimated - 

“Forty minutes should do it.” He heard the bite of urgency in his own voice. “The journey to this planet in the outer spectrum will take about forty minutes.”

“Leaving us with a twenty minute cushion to find and destroy the bomb.” said Dantox.

Mantra smiled. “If all goes well. Let’s not forget the third party that has a say in this game … fate.”

Nano sighed. “Indeed … and even then, we are leaving too much to chance. This planet’s bomb is the next in line to go off. And the clock is ticking. We need to find and destroy the bomb within an hour. But getting there itself swallows a massive chunk of this desperate one hour … This may be a very unworthy risk.”

The three of them settled to a thoughtful silence again, and Mantra let his thoughts run over all the options, possibilities … They were now reasonably far from the planet, which was buried deep in the outer spectrum.

He frowned, thinking of Galinor. The third Nyon master to survive. Galinor was possibly closer to the outer spectrum. But even if that were so, Mantra knew that Galinor was completely unguarded. Mantra and Dantox would have the watchmen with them, an entire army to protect them as they travelled. Galinor, who held important information, and was one of the three last surviving Nyon masters, did not. If he went venturing across planets, he would risk getting caught by the Naxim or worse … by the Xeni. And Mantra knew that that could not happen. The Xeni would squeeze out everything Galinor knew, if they happened to find him. And among everything he knew, there was the information regarding the plague crystal, and its current whereabouts. The one piece of information that the Xeni could not be allowed to know at any cost … at even the cost of the ten planets which were going to be blown off.

Sighing to himself, Mantra turned to Nano with a determined look. “We’ll have to chance it. The three of us will journey to this planet and try to destroy the bomb. We’ll send the rest of the watchmen to spread out and get the last seven.”

He shifted his gaze to Dantox, who was stroking his cheek, thinking for a moment. The Brownling’s eyes were angled in a thoughtful frown. He then exhaled and nodded. “I think so too. Abandoning an entire planet would, when we have a chance to save it - even a small one -would be foolhardy and wrong.” Turning to look at Nano, he went on. “No matter what the risk here is, I agree with Mantra: we should take hold of this small chance, no matter how small it is, to save the bomb.”

Nano held Dantox’s gaze for a second of thought, before moving his bead like, fiery eyes over Mantra. Mantra knew that Nano came with his own intelligence. The leader of the spirits of Elderon would be prone to a higher reasoning which catered to a level of good that surpassed their perception of it. His was a brand of intelligence that also catered to a far more extreme version of good: if sacrificing one entire planet would aid them in saving seven others, he knew Nano would prefer that option. And would oppose any other. 

But after a long, thought absorbed silence, Nano nodded feebly and said, “Very well, then … I guess this is the one risk we have to take.”


They had the rest of the watchmen army waiting for their command at the outskirts of this city. The next bomb would go off in the next hour. Sending a call to the authorities to pick a restrained Zevinog up, the two of them left in the hover car they’d arrived in. They reached the place beyond the city, where the rest of the army of watchmen awaited. Giving them the location of the other eight bombs, they ordered the army to spread out to the eight locations to destroy the bomb. 

Mantra, Dantox and Nano accompanied one of the groups to the bomb which was about to go off next … the one which was located at the outer spectrum. They estimated about forty minutes to get to the planet, leaving them with a twenty minutes’ cushion to destroy the bomb. 

If all went well.


10



Quiroc, Cluster 46

A dry scraping noise pierced the desert’s silence. 

The sun had settled in a position directly over the land, its scorching heat flowing over the land below. The meandering sands of the desert roamed up and down, sprawling forth endlessly. The day’s heat, with the sun resting directly overhead, was almost unbearable.

The scraping noise continued, the only sound heard over the silence. 

Glistening mirages rose over the desert on all four sides. The watery reflections rippled in mid air, clear and real enough to absorb any stray dweller’s attention. 

A man in an orange cloak dragged a sack like object over the desert sands. The scraping noise continued as he pulled the sack along with him over the desert sands. 

Krostus’s cloak fluttered in the thick, hot wind lapping at him from in front. The sack, which might have contained a few kilos of rice or grain, came tailing behind him as he dragged it forth with one hand. 

Pausing for the first time, Krostus heaved a slow, deep breath, and wiped his brow. The intensity of the heat of the desert in this planet was unbearable.

Krostus released the one hand he was holding the sack with, and walked over in front of it. Heaving another slow breath, he sat over the sack, allowing himself a moment of rest. A blissful, momentary relief spread over his limbs. The cushiony state of the sack’s contents felt warm and cozy as he rested over it. While the stickiness of the desert’s air wrapped like a cloak around him. Beads of sweat came trickling down his face. He arched his back, placing both hands by either side of the sack beneath, and gave himself over to the momentary comfort. 

Then, forcibly keeping himself from wavering, Krostus re gathered his focus. He knew that he needed to cross this desert and reach his destination without faltering. 

Drawing himself back up, he heaved the sack, placing it over his shoulder, and continued down the rough sandy ground.


11




The gentle rumble of the ship’s engine was all that was heard. It was a soothing sound, or at least Zardin thought so. One of the very few noises in this world that Zardin enjoyed listening to. Without sight, his hearing was sharpened. And as a result, every minute noise that crossed was loudened manifold to him. And he found that rather irritating: most of the noises that flooded him all over tended to be annoying, unmodulated and stupid. Such as the bickering, irritating voices he heard all around him. The hum of a ship’s engine was one of the rare, composed noises that Zardin’s ears enjoyed picking up. 

The ship’s engine revved on, while he sat on the ground in the middle of the small hull in the ship. A large glass window lay by the wall opposite to him, through which space could be seen. 

Zardin allowed his thoughts to mull over the multitude of tasks now at hand, and a slight rustle of disturbance found him. The plague crystal … Has slipped past our grasp yet again.

He did not expect the horde of Zelgron to fail. But then again, most things that had happened were not within his expectations, or anyone’s. What mattered was twisting things to suit his expectations. And twisting things was what Zardin enjoyed and did best. He frowned, running through the current situation. But he knew that it was of little use: the plague crystal was now completely off their reach. The Nyon would have seen to it that it was. Finding it was not going to be easy. 

It certainly is a problem, but not one to be wasted worries upon…

Casting the prick aside, Zardin sat straighter and took in a deep, cooling breath. And then, as he had done thousands of times till this day, he allowed silence to settle within him, so that the many bickering voices within him muted. And as the minutes passed, and his mind floated away into meditation, the same entrancing quiet stole through him again. And it was in this quiet that he found all his tools. All his powers. All that was ever needed… 

He let the peaceful calm absorb him whole, so that time completely fell off his grasp. And minutes trickled forth softly…


Half an hour had passed when a beeping noise split the silence, rising over the rhythmic hum of the engine. Zardin felt the same spark of irritation as he felt in a large fraction of his waking moments as he opened his eyes, returning to the world where he was needed. He reached into his robe and pulled out his z-com, which had an incoming voice call. As he tapped the button to answer the call, the beeping ceased, and a voice came, “Permission to enter, my lord.” 

It was one of Zardin’s men, waiting outside the door to this room, of course. This was his foremost, and best lieutenant. His favourite among them all. But even he had enough sense to ask for permission before entering into an audience with Zardin. As he rightly needed to. 

“Enter.” said Zardin, smiling. 

The door hissed open behind him, and Krostus walked in carrying what appeared to be a large rice sack. Without hesitating, he tossed the sack to the floor right before Zardin and it rolled over, unwrapping to reveal Galinor’s face inside of it. He was unconscious. A thread of blood ran down his mouth. His eyes were half closed. But he was alive, and that was what was important. 

“Good.” Zardin said, permitting Krostus the view of his smile as he turned and rose. “Very good.”

Krostus smoothed his cloak and bowed mildly. 

Zardin turned over to stare at the unconscious Nyon sealed in a rice sack, on the floor beneath his feet. “Nyon master Galinor has done us the favour of reaching us … with a lot of valuable information.” He bent down, his face hovering a feet from that of the unconscious master on the floor. “Galinor will illuminate a lot of things for us, now, won’t he? He’ll tell us where and in what position the plague crystal is. He’ll tell us what the Nyon have done with it, and what they plan to do with it. He’ll tell us all there is to know about our enemies.” His wicked smile grew brighter. “And he’ll enjoy it. Or we hope he does. Because it’ll be the one of the last things left for him to enjoy.”

Straightening back up, he turned to Krostus. 

“Good job, Krostus.” He patted him on the shoulder, and sank back to a seated position on the floor. “Now, put him to the side, away for now.” 

Krostus walked over, bent down and heaved the body of the unconscious Nyon. Zardin added, “And be sure to show our guest our wondrous hospitality.”

Krostus paused, nodded, and then hurled the body violently to the side of the room. The body went smashing into the metallic wall so that a depression as wide as the body formed on it, before dropping and rolling once. Zardin thought he might have heard a bone or two crack. 

“Wondrous.” 

Krostus stood before him, his posture stiff in unwavering attention.  

“Have a seat, dear boy,” Zardin gestured to the floor ahead of him. Krostus slowly trotted over and sat opposite to Zardin, both of them now staring into each other, a metre’s distance between their meditative positions.

“We are closer than ever.” said Zardin. “And soon, we will be there.”

He paused, stroking his chin silently. A silence Krostus gladly shared. This was what he loved most about his favourite lieutenant, despite the fact that he was the best cold blooded killer there was. Except for him, of course. 

The two of them sat there, still and silent, one meditating, the other staring blankly into space. Then, as Zardin ended another short stint of calmed meditation, his eyes drifted to the body lying by the side, and Krostus turned along with him. 

Galinor hadn’t come around yet. 

It was loads better for him that way. thought Zardin. But unfortunately for both of us, time’s running short … and we need Galinor to get up and co operate with us, and give us all that he knows. Especially about the plague crystal’s present whereabouts. And then, he can go back to sleep. A much warmer sleep, that is. 

He turned to Krostus, the casual smile returning to stretch his lips. “Wake him.” 


As lights seeped back in slowly, Galinor’s eyelids flickered open. And then he felt his heart stop for a long, unpleasant moment. 

Standing over him were two men, one of whom he recognised … He had seen this one, with the deadly pale skin and the blank, eyeless sockets, in the temple. He knew at once what was going on. I’ve been captured by the Xeni … But how?

He felt his memory soar back to him, and the answer came creeping up to him as he recounted the vision of his encounter with the man standing by the right, in the orange cloak - he had been attacked by this brutal creature in the middle of the desert he was passing through in the planet he had been sheltering in. He had stood no chance against the orange cloaked felon, and he had been subdued almost helplessly. He then remembered faint wisps of memory fly through in between … of him being sealed in a rice sack, and being dragged across the desert… 

“Good morning.” said the pale man, smiling. “Welcome to another beautiful day. Not to mention your last.”

He slowly bent down over Galinor, who felt his resolve go granite - he knew what this was all about. And he would not submit. He would not yield. He would die first. 

“You’re making a big mistake, by thinking you’re getting information out of me.” he whispered. 
 
“You’re the one making a mistake, by thinking we aren’t” said Zardin. “And every mistake comes with a painful price.”

Galinor slowly bowed to the circumstance, to fate … and the acceptance filled him: the acceptance that this was the end. And as he met the worst and embraced it, he felt powered. It sent a surge of boldness and courage through his veins. He arched his head higher, his teeth now gritted. 

“You don’t have anything to scare me with. I don’t care about the difference between life and death now.”

“And you never will.” said Zardin. “Because there is no difference between life and death. The difference comes only between death and a more painful death.”

“Go on, then!” snarled Galinor. “Kill me. Like you killed all our other masters … but you can never kill what we stood for.”

Zardin felt a soft laugh ripple within his throat. “We already have.” He bent closer to the Nyon master and whispered, “There is nothing left for you to protect, master Galinor. We have already won.” He placed a hand over Galinor’s face, stroking it tenderly. “Go on, tell me. Where is the plague crystal? What have the Nyon done with it? I may spare your life if I find the information satisfactory. I’m not making promises, though.”

The silence crawled on, and the fiery light in Galinor’s eyes refused to fade. A valiant smile touched his lips. “You’re not getting anything from me while I’m alive.” 

Zardin continued to stay bent over him for a quiet second. A faint grin hovered across his lips. Licking his razor sharp teeth, he rose slowly.  

“So be it.” He turned to Krostus, smiling. “End his misery.”

Galinor didn’t even flinch as the orange cloaked Xeni stepped forward … and then unleashed a brutal, brainjolting kick right to his head. 

Galinor felt the world spin…

Merciless, the Xeni’s foot came colliding over his head in a second, deadlier blow.

Galinor thought he saw lights shoot before his vision. 

As the Xeni’s foot came soaring in for the third, final time, Galinor experienced a split second of pounding, agonizing pain…

And as it passed, the world flickered and died. And blackness swallowed all.


12




Qyro’s ignited sword came swooshing in from Ion’s right. Breathless and slightly panicky, Ion jumped back and swung his own just in time to block the attack. A fierce cling rang within the hull as their gleaming orange blades met, leaving a cloud of sparks to burst in the air around them. 

For an intense second, the two of them stood there with their swords locked, their eyes drilling into each other. Qyro’s red fur rippled, the light from his blade enlivening the snarl on his face. And his exposed, pointed teeth. Ion felt his own fury and grit reflect on his opponent’s face. They stood there, in the centre of the hull, with their blades clasped in a lock for a passing series of seconds. Both of them trying to heave the other’s strength off. But Qyro was just as strong as Ion, who couldn’t overthrow his might. 

Fierce as a flash of light, Ion withdrew from the clasped position and swung his sword across to the left. The orange light from the blade spewed lumination across the hull, the steamish vapour swishing behind it in a tail. The blade sailed over to the Redling’s exposed side, but Qyro twisted a split second’s gap later, bringing his own blade before to block it again. A growl built within Ion, with his attack parried again. But Qyro took advantage of the meanest pause in his focus, pushed him back, and lunged forth. His feet left the ground as he came soaring over Ion, his sword raised and ready to land for the kill…  

His breath stopping for the flicker of the second, Ion did the only thing possible: he threw all his weight behind, sinking to the floor to duck his opponent’s aggressive assault. Qyro’s eyes widened slightly as he missed his target and went gliding over further across the hull. Ion picked all his weight up, rose and turned to see the other land heavily to the ground a few feet off. But before he could catch Qyro off guard, the Redling turned and swished his blade across the air to parry a deadly blow Ion sent at him. Ion’s mind was steeled in its deepest focus: wasting not a breath, he turned, sidestepping the shot Qyro sent to his abdomen, carried his blade over the air in a wild swirl, and - 

Cling!

Qyro’s blade flew off his hand as Ion’s clipped it from the base, loosening his hold. 

Qyro froze as Ion’s sword hovered before his neck. And then, his surprised expression dissolved behind a wild smile. 

“Bravo!” came Vestra’s voice from where she was sitting at the back of the hull, watching the sparring between the two of them. “That was so good, for a second there, I was dying to believe it was a real fight!”

“Well, I’m lucky it wasn’t one.” beamed Qyro, as Ion lowered his sword. 

Ion doused his sword and sliding it back into its sheath behind him. 

As Qyro collected his sword and turned, Ion saw a quiet marvel in his eyes. “You know, for someone trained outside the Nyon, your powers are really developed.”

“I had a good master.” Ion said. He looked at Qyro and nodded. “And you were with the Nyon for less than a year!”

“I was.” said Qyro, sheathing his sword.

“And your powers aren’t half bad either! You almost had me.” Ion gave an impressed nod. “You earlier master, tolgaor, he’s done a hell of a job for a stray mystic. He should start a training school or something.”

Qyro gave a hollow smile. “He’s dead.”

“Oh, I’m sorry.”

Qyro nodded, carrying his eyes over to the blank screens upfront. Ion sensed the same melancholy in him as he felt when thinking of Jedius… 

“Was it the Naxim,” Ion asked, still watching him. “who killed him?”

Qyro looked at Ion, frowning. “I wish it was.”

Ion stared. “What do you mean?”

Qyro looked at the pedestal enclosed in the bubble like shield behind them, thinking for a moment. Sighing, he looked up at Ion and said, “You remember those adventures I told you about … which me and Tralgor used to go in, across the outer spectrum?”

“I do.” 

“Well, one of them went wrong.” His scowl deepened. “I always thought it would, but Tralgor was the sort that wasn’t afraid of anything. Even death. We ran into a horde of Incratys-”

“A horde of what?” asked Ion.

“They’re one of the many brutal non man being species living in the outer spectrum.” clarified Qyro. “They were in a nasty fit at the time. And like all non man beings, or most, they don’t entertain outsiders, and man beings among them. And like all non man beings, they hate mystics.” His voice darkened. “It got tense when the two of us ran into the horde. In the end, when a fight was going to break out…” Qyro looked at the four screens upfront again, at the glinting starlight spread over them. “Tralgor decided to distract them to give me a chance, though he was well aware he wouldn’t make it. He died to save me. Like I said, he wasn’t afraid of anything, even death.” 

He paused for a strained second. “And it was then that I decided that the life I would go on living, was meant to ensure that his sacrifice wasn’t in vain. To live upto his legacy … and so, I joined the Nyon, when they approached me just after.”

He looked as though having run out of words for a moment. As Ion looked at him for a second, he felt himself mirrored in him. A strange dawning connection formed between the two of them. 

“To live upto his legacy” … Like I try to live upto Jedius’s.

Ion gently patted him on the shoulder. 

“I’m fine!” he said fiercely, holding both hands up. “But anyway, I know have every reason to hate them. Hate them all!”

“Who?” asked Ion. 

Qyro’s face was blanketed by a seething rage. 

“Non man beings.” he spat. “They’re savage creatures, the entire lot of them.”

Ion personally didn’t share this belief, but he said nothing, knowing that Qyro had a perfectly viable reason to uphold this hatred. 

Something he had said now struck Ion’s attention. “Why’d you say non man beings hated mystics?”

“I don’t say it.” said Qyro. “The whole world does.”

Ion looked at Vestra, who had been sitting there with her hands around her legs before her. She shook her head. “Non man beings suffered much during Redgarn’s reign. You’d remember Mantra telling you that.”

“Yeah,” said Ion, frowning. 

“Well, most of them have been scarred badly by the evil empire’s reign.” she explained, while Qyro nodded. “Some of them were even driven close to the point of extinction during the Xeni’s reign.”

“But why?”

Vestra sighed. “Because Redgarn and the Xeni, being the twisted things they were, didn’t tolerate them, did they?” She frowned. “You remember the flashback Mantra showed us … you remember Redgarn trying to convince the other Nyon of his twisted belief that they were, as mystics, greater in the pyramid of creation. So the same belief went for man beings and non man beings as well.”

“The Xeni tolerated non mystics, but only as slaves to them.” took over Qyro. “But in the case of non man beings …” He shook his head.

“… They didn’t tolerate them at all.” completed Vestra. “The Xeni, with their demon army, tried scouring the entire spectrum and getting rid of all non man beings, whom they thought were unfit for even existing. And that’s the reason the non man beings hate all of us, now. Especially mystics. But even more than mystics…”

“They hold a specially nursed hatred for them.” Qyro said quietly. “For the Xeni.”

“Most of their kind haven’t forgotten at all, all the tyranny that they were subject to during Redgarn’s reign.” said Vestra. “Which is the reason they’re all now shattered, and left hidden deep in the outer spectrum.”

Qyro gave a sigh, and looked at the pedestal. “Why don’t the two of you take a break … I’ll drive.”

Ion knew he wanted a span of time alone, after talking about the loss of his master. And he didn’t at all blame him for it. 

He walked to the back of the hull, sitting beside Vestra. 

“Well, we’re halfway there.” she said, a small spark of excitement in her voice.

Ion nodded absently, knowing she was referring to the journey to the planet Velrox. Where they would have it all ended once and for all… 

“I’ve been blinded all this time.” he said softly. More to himself. “I thought I’d seen it all. Guess I was wrong. This is a whole new world that I’ve now entered. A world that’s so far away from normal ones. A world filled with pain.” He turned to look at Vestra, who was listening quietly. “But a world that bears the courage to survive through it nevertheless …”

Vestra was sitting with her arms around her legs in front. Silent in her own thoughts. The same heavy look moistened her gaze. The look she had had in the balcony earlier on…

Ion watched the four screens at the front of the hull, through which they saw the four sides of the endless expanse of space they now were amidst. The pedestal enclosed in the shield sat in between, with Qyro sealed within it. He was driving the ship in a quietitude that the two of them sitting behind him shared.

“Why?” asked Ion, looking at Vestra. 

She was quiet for a few moments. Then, her lead still leaning on one shoulder, she brought her eyes to him slowly. “Why did I join the Nyon when I wasn’t even a mystic?”
 
She gave a quiet sigh, before flicking a strand of hair away from her face. “I had a … family.”

Ion looked ahead, staring at the blank screens. Waiting.

“A beautiful family, and I’ll never forget them…”

Ion knew where this was heading, of course. “And … you lost them?”

He turned to see, to his surprise, that she was smiling. 

“Of course not.” she chuckled. Staring ahead for a quiet moment, she drew her gaze to Ion and said, “They lost me.”

Ion stared. “What?”

Vestra shook her head, and Ion saw the depth of her black eyes now filled with a heavy sadness. 

“I ran away from home, Ion.” she said softly.

“What?” asked Ion, bewildered. 

A long second passed between the two of them as Ion watched her with her head leaning on one shoulder, her long black hair falling down by the side of her face. 

“But … why?”

She was silent for a second, before taking a deep breath and speaking in a brittle voice. 

“I came from a village in one of the lesser developed planets of the inner spectrum. And my family, like most others there, were facing much difficulties. They were in a terrible state. But they ploughed through with it for the ones they loved.” She stopped for a deep breath. “I saw the world through their plight. I saw that they were just a reflection of the many pains this world was facing and straining to fight. And I knew that if anything, my life’s purpose was sacrificing myself for them, the family that I so loved. The family that showed me what we were all going through. For if I truly valued my own family’s pain, it meant for me to value this world’s equally.” As she spoke, Ion could feel her voice strain to hold back tears. “And so … I ran away. Knowing that I had to help bring a solution to the mess this realm was in. When I spent my days travelling through the outer spectrum, I came to hear of the Nyon through some mystics I’d met. And I found them, asking to be joined so that I, too, could share a place in the struggle they were putting up … a struggle for a better world.”

She ended with a sob, her eyes sparkling with tears that she held back. 

Without knowing where the motivation for it came from, Ion put an arm around her, patting her by the side. He felt himself flash back to that day, two years back. When the two of them had met. 

He continued to pat her while she steadied herself with deep breaths.

“Well, you were right.” he said finally, as she gained a hold over herself.

“What do you mean?” she sniffed. 

“Your sacrifice did build a better world.” He smiled as looked at her. “It did for me.”

She looked at him with the same softness in her deep black eyes as a silent moment passed. 

“That day,” Ion continued softly. “two years ago … you changed my life. You showed me the world through your eyes. And after that,” He shook his head. “I was never the same again. You gave me a chance that day, and since then, there’s a piece of you that’ve been holding ever since. And it’s the reason I’m no longer what I was back then. The reason … is you.”

They sat there, their eyes held for what felt like an eternity. Vestra’s grief seemed to melt beneath a dawning warmth in her expression. She smiled slowly, wiping her face. 

“I was right when I took a chance with you.” she whispered, and then wrapped her arms around him in a gentle hug. 

“Because you are a good person.” she said, as they withdrew. “If you can’t trust yourself with that … at least trust me. Because I know I’m never wrong.”

“I hope so.” Ion said.


As the three of them sat there in silence, Qyro sitting within the bubble like encasing over the pedestal and the two others on the seats behind him, Ion stared at the four black screens at the front of the hull. In less than twenty or so minutes, they would have reached Velrox. Found the priest. And it would all be over…

Their struggle would be over… 

But Ion wondered if it his struggle would ever be over. 

For his was a struggle that no amount of resistance could win. No amount of warfare and rebelling. His was the worst struggle possible. The struggle against the inevitable … against who he was. 

As much as he tried to wrestle against it, as much as he tried to resist it, and to deny it … He couldn’t alter what had already happened. It was done. And he was left to live with the crushing guilt of it all for the rest of his life. 


13

	Two years ago


All had ceased. 

Nothing at all existed. No motion, no movement. No thought, no emotion…

Just the pain. 

And it had consumed the world. It was now all there was for Ion as he knelt there, holding his twin brother’s dead body in his arms. 

A numb silence had stolen over the entire world. 

But through it, thundered a ring of agony. Agony that bored into Ion’s soul, seeming to cleave him in two.

“No, this can’t be happening.” he moaned, unable to move his eyes from the unblinking, hollow ones of his brother. “Eol…”

But he knew that his brother was no longer here. That he had left this world forever. 

And the reason for it was him. Ion. He was the one who had done this. He had killed his own brother. 

The realisation swelled within Ion, pushing away every other thought in his mind … and he felt every inch of him trembling as he held his brother’s body on the spot. 

Eol was dead. Killed by his own brother, a cold, merciless creature. 

Make this stop. Ion pleaded. 

But it didn’t stop … The agony went on as Ion knelt there, hoping that this was all a dream, hoping he would wake up from it anytime now.  But he knew this was as real as it would ever get: The dream had stopped… 

And this was the moment of awakening. 

“You killed them … you killed our parents … you killed what they stood for.”

As the words replayed inside his head, they seemed to engrave upon his soul… 

Suddenly, everything Ion had always known was gone… eclipsed by a storm of guilt, and grief. 

What have I become? … What have I done? 

His hand trembling, he slowly reached for his brother’s hand, and pulled the parchment off. The poster … of the deadliest assassin in the spectrum. 

Unrolling it with one hand, he let his eyes fall on the ghastly picture he saw, and he almost felt like something inside of him had been carved out by a sword. 

For the first time, Ion wished he could cease to exist. He wished to die … for he couldn’t live with himself. He couldn’t live with what he had become… 

An upsurge of remorse stronger than any emotion he had felt his entire life shook him from within.

Haphazardly folding the poster with one hand, Ion stuffed it into his own pocket and continued to sit there with his brother’s body in his arms. 

“You killed what they stood for.”

His vision blurred, Ion stared down at the lifeless face of the last of his family … the family that he had once loved. And the family that would torment him forever now. For he had, as Eol rightly said, killed them. They were ideals that had survived after their death, but Ion had seen to it that they were undone even there … Ion had killed them. He had killed his own brother. And he had killed his parents as well. 

And right then, all of the grief and pain vanished in the split second. And another emotion came surging up within him like a cataclysmic, volcanic blast… 

Rage… 

Ion now realised who was responsible for this. For what he had now become… 

Vonayz and the hunters. 

Ion went rigid as iron as anger like nothing before came coursing through his veins, pumping venom through him. 

Vonayz and the others were the ones who had lured him into this life. They were the ones who had made him adopt this lifestyle …

They were the reason Ion was what he was now …

They were responsible for all the innocent lives Ion had shattered over the past few years he had lived with them. 

They were responsible for Eol’s death.

And now, thought Ion, his insides ablaze like an inferno … They would share his pain. 

They would die. 


14
	



The hover car glided smoothly into the planet’s atmosphere, dropping through the first layer of the sky. It was night and apart from the clouds spread over in large, shadowy masses, the scene outside of the hover car mirrored the look of space. Inside the car, Vonayz kept one hand on the steering wheel and the other on the seat beside him. 

As the car dropped in altitude, the Plasmon shield cloaked the effect of inertia. Nullifying the weightless falling sensation he would have otherwise felt. The hum of the electrical engine was now mingled with a sound of wheezing wind as the vehicle streaked down the airy skies. 

Now that the job was complete, the thrill and adrenaline slowly melted away. Leaving Vonayz’s mind free again. When on any job, hunt or assassination, he would feel a chilling mixture of steel and thrill pulse within him. Only allowing him to settle to a calm when the job was finished. But this senseless rush of adrenaline was the very reason Vonayz was what he now was. Did what he now did. Hunting and killing. And he knew he would go on doing this for the rest of his life… 

A squeaky, muffled sound drew from behind him. 

“Keep it down, now.” Vonayz called without turning. “We’re almost there…”

He threw a half glance to the backseat of the car behind. Where lay an Iveling bound tightly in ropes, with his mouth gagged. 

This was a target Vonayz had been hired to hunt by a mafia living close to this planet. It had been a rather easy affair, finding and bagging him. It had taken no longer than a couple of hours. Vonayz would deliver him to the mafia the first thing tomorrow. 

As the ground came zooming upward, Vonayz ran his gaze through the large, empty expanse. He spotted their hunt, a meek dot on the giant earthen floor, and directed the car towards it. 

A few seconds later, the vehicle floated to a gentle stop by the side of the hut, where the vehicles of the other hunters lay. As the engine died, Vonayz twisted around to look at his target, the gagged, bound man at the back of the car. 

“Well, I promise you’re gonna have a good night’s sleep here in this car.” he told the man, who stared back at him with widened, terrified eyes. “I hope you do … it’s gonna be your last.”

Laughing cruelly, he exited the car, slammed the door so that the man lay locked inside of it, and then strode over to the door of the hut. Tossing the door open with a lazy push of his right hand, he walked in. The inside of their large hut was the same as he had always known it. The rest of the hunters were apparently away with their own hunts: the place was empty. He jumped to the bed by the right and threw his sheathed sword by the side. 

Stretching his arms in a tired yawn, he leaned against the wall behind. He sat relaxed for a moment, allowing his mind to de compress. It had been a long day. As usual. And he took advantage of the solitude and silence to ease his fatigue.  

“I’ve been waiting.”

Vonayz jolted back up with a start, his head snapping around to the back of the hut. 

And there, he saw something he had missed earlier: a cloaked figure, his hood drawn, sitting at the corner over a group of large cushiony pillows.

Jumping out of the bed, Vonayz stared with a tilted head at the strangely eerie sight. 

“Give me a heads up, before doing something like that next time, won’t you?” he said. “You almost gave me a heart attack!” 

Ion slowly pulled his hood back with both arms. His eyes were latched to the floor in front of him. Very slowly, he lifted his gaze and met Vonayz’s eyes. His burning orange eyes had a molten glow that Vonayz had never seen in them before. That, together with his crazed red hair gave him a near deranged look … For some reason, as Vonayz held his eyes for the a quiet span of seconds, a very faint squirm occurred inside of him. Very mildly faint…

Ion’s face re arranged in a strangely twisted smile. 

“Sit back down.” he said so softly, Vonayz hardly heard him. 

Something very odd was happening, and Vonayz could sense it like smoke burning in the air. Very hesitantly, he took a step forward, and asked, “Ion, is something wrong?” 

Ion continued to look at him with his fiery orange eyes, his legs stretched before the large pillows he sat over. 

“Where’re the others?” Vonayz asked him. “My brother, Monaz and Sidro?”
 
“I don’t know.” said Ion, a bite of fury in his voice. “Right now, you are my concern. And I’m yours.”

Vonayz stared. “What?” Frowning, he took a deep breath. “Listen, I know something’s going on with you. I sensed it when you came back from the hunt earlier on. Whatever it is-”

“What did you see?” Ion’s voice abruptly cut him across. 

“What?” asked Vonayz. 

Ion continued to hold his gaze, unblinking, and let silence crawl on for a few seconds. 

“The day you met me,” Ion said slowly. “what did you see in me?”

His voice was strangely colourless … dark. Vonayz felt an unfamiliar twitch at the base of his stomach.  

What the hell is this?

“What’s going on?” he demanded, feeling his frown sink lower. “What’s this all about-”

“Cause if you saw something like you,” Ion rose from the pillows he’d been sitting on and stood facing Vonayz. “Then you were dead wrong.”

Vonayz stood on the spot, feeling his entire body tense. The air around them seemed to swell with a nasty unpleasance. 

He then turned to the side of the hut as something suddenly occurred to him. Something that made a tingle of horror emanate from within him. 

“Wait,” He turned back to Ion, his heart speeding. “When I arrived, I saw the others’ vehicles parked by the side of the hut.” A sharp silence sank into the air. “Ion … where’re my brother and the other two?” He could the tenseness in his voice. “I saw their vehicles outside when I came.”

The same twisted smile crept over Ion’s face. He slowly turned and heaved one of the large pillows he had been sitting on. And he tore off the top of the cover to reveal a dead face that had been concealed inside the sack all along. It was Monaz. Throwing the sack with the dead body on the ground before a mindfreaked Vonayz, and turned to pick up a second sack. He tore off the top to reveal a second dead face. It was Sidro. 

“He put up a good fight, Vonayz.” Turning, Ion scooped up the last of the three dead sacks … and ripped off the top to reveal…

… Alcrox. Lying dead inside of it. 

“But sadly,” carried on Ion, his voice horribly sweet. “in the end, the better man won … the better mystic.”

He hurled the sack with Alcrox right to Vonayz’s feet. 

Something seemed to have scooped out Vonayz’s insides as he stood rooted to the spot there. Gaping at the sack lying by the front of his feet, with his brother’s body inside. 

“Share my pain, Vonayz.” hissed Ion, an edge of madness in his voice. “Because it was all your fault. That day, when you found me in the Naxim station, you should have just left me alone … for both of our sakes.” His horrible smile went wider. “And now, you join me in burning for our sins.”

But Vonayz wasn’t listening. His widened eyes lay clasped to the body by his feet … and the world seemed to revolve around him. He raised his gaze slowly, and watched the crimson haired, wild eyed creature standing before him. 

And suddenly, a red hot, lava like substance came gushing up within him. It was rage like Vonayz had never known before … and never would.

And it was directed at the boy before him … who had once been his best friend. 

“What … have you done?” 

“I killed them.” said Ion, his orange eyes blazing with madness. “I killed them all. Because I saw that we were all wrong … And things that are wrong in this world need to be set right. I’m setting everything right, dear old friend.”

Vonayz’s breaths grew racy as he stood there with his fists curled, his jaws locked. 

“You … killed him.” he said, his voice a bare hiss. “You killed my brother.”

“And I’m not finished.” Ion said, shaking his head.

“You killed my brother … I’LL KILL YOU!!”

In a flash, Vonayz had snatched his sword from his bed and unsheathed it. Ion had his out and ready as Vonayz launched over him, and a dazzling orange flare lit the inside of the hut as both their blades ignited as one. 

Cling!

The steely ring of their swords meeting cut the air, and the two of them stood facing each other, their ignited sabers knotted in a deadly clash. 

Ion stood there, his teeth ground, his nerves coursing with an electric fury. He could feel a raw sense of hatred and power emanate from Vonayz as he stood there rigidly, holding his ground against Ion. His eyes were lit with a maniacal gleam.

Uttering a savage war cry, he thrust all his strength forward, pushing Ion off balance. And then he struck, his blade as fast as a furious orange blur. Ion swiped his own across the air, so that he parried the shot only at the brink of the moment. Sparks showered around them as the blazing swords clashed. Ion jumped to the side and slashed his sword across the air, aiming for Vonayz’s side. But the other was, as he well knew, far too fast. He twisted about and caught Ion’s sword with his own, before moving faster than Ion thought possible … and jabbing at Ion’s torso. 

Ion followed the blade as it came gliding in towards his exposed stomach, feeling his eyes widen. He threw himself back, but his enemy’s blade came swiping the air from the side … and the tip of the blade brushed his stomach. Ion felt the air rush from his lungs as a sizzling, white hot pain cut open his skin where the blade met it. 

Feeling a guttural gasp escape him, he landed with a heavy thud on his back, the force of his leap having carried him to the end of the hut. His sword had flown off his hand, and through the corner of his eye, he saw it land by the corner of their hut. Unable to rise, he clutched the front of his stomach, where the sword had cut it. Though not too deep to inflict a serious damage, the wound burned like fire compressed within him. And Ion’s eyes stung painfully at the agony of it. 

Hardly able to move, he saw Vonayz’s shadow surge forward over him, and he knew he had a mini second left to live. Tapping into all the hidden energy reserves known and unknown within him, he hurled himself out of the way. Rolling over the ground just in time to miss his enemy’s sword. 

Pushing back the dreadful agony of his stomach wound, Ion stood upright, facing Vonayz as he too straightened up. But his eyes widened, and so did Vonayz’s as the two of them focussed at the corner of the hut behind Vonayz…

There, Ion’s ignited sword had set fire to the hut’s wall, where it had fallen. 

Even as the two of them watched, transfixed with alarm, the molten flames rapidly spread across both adjacent walls. Black fumes filled the inside of the hut. 

Vonayz rounded on Ion, unperturbed, and lunged…

Ion jumped back, avoiding his blow, and held his arm out towards where his sword lay: the blade lifted off the ground and came spinning towards him at the call of his mystical powers. He aimed to impale Vonayz from the back, but the other twisted about and parried the flying sword, which spun around and landed on Ion’s outstretched arm. 

The crackling of flames grew madder, now drowning out all other noises: the flames were sweeping across the walls and ceiling, spreading to swallow the entire hut. 

Ion felt his heart flutter as a new panic clutched at him. 

Vonayz’s form grew murky amidst the black fumes engulfing both of them. He walked forward, his sword’s light piercing the haze. Amidst the choking fumes his breathing came in harsh rasps. But his strength remained just as devious and unfaltered: Ion had never seen anyone so mindlessly enraged. Vonayz was stronger than him by a shade in a normal day … but the lunatic fury which Ion had triggered in him now bolstered his powers to a deadly level. 

He swept his sword across the air, and Ion slid his into place to block it. The two of them locked blades again, but the sparks bursting about them went dull in the blaze that was now rapidly spreading to devour the entire hut. The two of them stood there with their sabers clashed amidst the roaring fire, trying to wrestle each other’s weight off. 

Ion grew wary of the sweat coating his face and arms: The air around them was simmering in the raging flames that enveloped their hut. The blistering heat seemed to press in from all sides. 

In a flash of suddenness, Vonayz relinquished his sword, swinging it about. The hilt of the blade came flying out of the groggy smoke in an arc. And crashed into Ion’s face painfully. Stars bursting before his vision, Ion flew back a few feet and landed with a shudder on the ground. 

As he looked up slowly, he saw that the thick black fumes were all that could be seen inside the burning hut now. 

Ion raised his glowing sword, covering his mouth with his other hand. Struggling with all his might, he heaved himself up slowly from the ground. But the feeble slash across his stomach left his insides scorched, so that he could hardly mind anything else… 

Gritting his teeth in the terrible pain, he rose. 

And just as straightened up, he felt something hurl at him from amidst the smoke. Not a second too soon, Ion launched out of the way of the body that came flying out of the fumes at him. 

Vonayz landed on all fours, straightening up to face Ion. 

In a lightspeed motion, he raised his ignited sword and lunged at Ion, who had a split second to raise his own. The steely cling of their blades meeting rose over the raging of the flames. 

The two mystics stood there, their swords locked, for a second that seemed to stretch. Ion stared into Vonayz’s black eyes and the dark patches below it. His long, tousled hair looked ravaged, with two horns sticking out on either side of his head. 

In a flash, Vonayz pushed Ion back, freeing his clasped saber, and made a speedy jab. Ion sidestepped the shot, and swung his sword at the Iveling’s side. Vonayz’s eyes widened slightly as they followed Ion’s blade. Faster than any normal man, he jumped back, bringing his own sword forward in a defensive slash. A fiery shower of sparks emitted as both their blazing swords clashed again. Vonayz sent a lightspeed swipe at Ion’s neck, which Ion ducked not a second too early.

Before he straightened up, Vonayz’s sword flew at him again from the side. Ion twisted around, his sword slicing across the air in attempt to block his enemy’s. 

Cling! 

Their ignited swords clashed again and again in a fierce duel, both their movements blurred as they danced at speeds unbelievable to normal man. 

Cling! Cling! Cling!

Sparks flew every time their swords met, as the two mystics fought with a mindless ferocity, both to kill…

Ion felt a concreteness of focus like no other as he ducked, sidestepped, slashed and jabbed. But Vonayz was too strong. He couldn’t gain the upper hand against such a powerful mystic… 

Vonayz slashed across Ion’s sword in an effortless swing, and then, before half the second had died, hurled his leg forth in a wild kick. Ion felt a hard, ramming sensation in his chest as Vonayz’s foot landed there, and then he was airborne. He felt himself soar backwards, the fire’s groggy black fumes shifting about him. And a heavy thud sounded as he hit the floor, his sword flying out of his hand. Before he picked himself up, he felt a heavy foot stamp his chest, pressing him to the ground. Vonayz stood over him, his face torched like the burning house they were now in. A maniacal glow shone in his eyes. 

“Time to die.” he whispered, holding the sword high. His mouth opened in a war cry as he dove his sword down at Ion… 

And then, with a swoosh of wind and a loud crash! It was all over…

Ion opened his eyes. 

Vonayz lay on the floor next to him with a large, burning portion of the roof having landed over him. He stirred feebly, his sword beside Ion. Ion slowly picked himself up, reaching for his own sword. He felt a roar of inner fury as he locked eyes with the fallen mystic on the floor of this burning house. 

He bent down over Vonayz and whispered, “You wrecked my life. I wrecked yours.” He stood back up, dusting ash from his shoulder. “Consider us even.”

And then, dousing his blade, Ion slid it back into its sheath, turned and walked off as the rest of the blazing structure came tumbling down around him…
	
He stopped at the entrance, and turned to glance back at the body lying under the wreckage. 

“You killed my brother,” he whispered. “I killed yours. Consider us … even.”

And with that, he turned and walked out the entrance… 


15




All that remained of the hut less than an hour later, was ash and debris. 

The crack of dawn was awaiting over the skies above: the dark blanket of the night was illuminated with the faintest trace of arriving warmth. On the expanse of the ground below, a charred pile of wreckage released thin streams of smoke into the night. The debris lay in a large, burnt clutter next to a group of parked vehicles. 

Though no longer on fire, the ashen residue of the blaze that had ripped the hut apart survived, leaving trails of black vapour emitted into the air. 

There was nothing alive within the pile of blackened wreckage. Everything inside of it was dead and torn…

But a few hundred metres from where the remains of the hut stood, a faintly moving body could be seen. A body that had crawled all the way from the burning wreckage earlier on, all along fighting to stay conscious…

Left to die inside of the hut, Vonayz had done all he could to escape certain death before the hut came crashing down over him. Wrestling off the dizzying, unconscious feeling, he had wriggled out of the portion of the hut that had landed on him. Injured and weakened, with burns all over him, he had struggled to crawl out of the hut. He was now lying with his head on a small rock a few hundred metres away from the hut…

Unconsciousness was closing in on him, leaving his vision flickering. But Vonayz kept the struggle up, heaving off the weighty, spinning sensation. But he knew it was futile. He had expended every bit of his reserves trying to remain conscious all along. He would have to give in soon…

But even now, as the restful silence loomed over him, ready to claim him, Vonayz felt no peace … no calm. 

Only a burning sense of hatred and fury. 

Ion would pay for it … Vonayz promised himself that he would. 

As darkness seeped into his vision, the thought slowly sank into the deepest layer of his mind. Where it ingrained itself with the force of steel… 


16




A million miles away, in a plane far off, a youth sat at the top of a large plateau with a hover bike next to him. Spreading out on all sides of him was a coarse hilly terrain. 

Ion had his eyes on the horizon as he sat there, his world gone mute … He wanted nothing more than to tear out his innards and scream with all the might he owned … But he knew it would be of no use. None at all. 

For what was done was done. 

As desperately as he tried to push it away, he memory came rushing back to him … to haunt him with a fresh new surge of horror each time. The memory of his brother dying in his arms. 

His stomach seemed to have stayed knotted for the stretch of a few hours now, and Ion wondered if it would ever unknot. He had killed his own brother. And only now, after all of it, did the truth rise to his vision. The truth of what he had become… 
	
Eol’s last words survived as an unfading echo at the back of his mind. One that would haunt him forevermore… 

“You killed them … you killed our parents.”

Feeling his eyes blur in tears of frustration and disgust, Ion shook his head. What have I become?… 

Almost unconsciously, he slid a hand into his pocket and pulled out the poster that had him in it. As he unrolled the poster, a shiver raced down his spine. 

An evil smile … glowing red eyes … a maniacal, dead look… 

The creature he saw in the poster didn’t look anything at all like him … but Ion knew it was him. This was what he was. 

This is what the spectrum views me as … this is the image I have carved for myself … and now, I’ll take it to the grave with me.

As it occurred to him, Ion felt a smothering feeling grip him from within. A helpless, tormenting sense of guilt and pain. He felt as though his very soul bore a blotch, a taint that would now forever linger upon it… 

Suddenly, disgust unlike anything he’d known came gushing up within him. 

“I’m setting everything right, dear old friend.” He had told Vonayz. But that was where he was mistaken … he wasn’t setting everything right at all. Something that was horribly wrong still remained. 

Him… 

It felt as though he was opening his eyes for the first time. And for the first time, he saw the inhumanity of what he was. The wretchedness of the things he had done…

He had murdered his own brother. 

Without knowing where the impulse came from, Ion rose, and began walking down the large plateau. He felt ghost like, strangely translucent to the world now. He trotted across the length of the plateau, seeing what now needed to be done. The only escape from the horror of his past. The horror that was him. 

Arriving at the edge, he took a deep breath. And then, in one fluidic motion, he hurled himself off the edge … and into a fifty metre fall towards the merciless ground below. 

He felt himself twist about in mid air to catch view of the cliff above him, shrinking in his vision as he plummeted. The cliff he had fallen from…

He spun about in mid air, whizzing like an arrow towards the ground. His fall rapidly gained speed and momentum. His heart seemed to have jammed in his chest, and the sensation of wildly accelerating freefall hollowed his insides out.

He saw the rough brown ground zoom upwards, waiting to engulf him.  

And then … a sickening, loud crash that echoed across the place. 

The impact of the fall, that left a web of cracks over the ground, would have killed anyone else on the spot. But Ion withstood it without dying for the fact that he was a mystic … unfortunately. 

He would have screamed, if not for the fact that all breath had been scoured from his lungs, and he gasped in helpless, slight hisses to re gather it. The fall had definitely broken a fraction of the non vital bones in his body. 

It was pain beyond pain. Excruciating. It seemed to split him from head to toe. 

He would lie here, helpless, in the middle of a deserted, uninhabited region and watch himself die slowly and painfully … he could feel the life slipping from his veins. But he knew that he would endure an hour or so before he would finally die … and every second that passed seemed to last for a century. 

Ion was facing hell itself. 

All sensations had ceased, except for the mindless, throbbing pain all over. Ion couldn’t move. Couldn’t twitch a nerve. He could blink without leaving his eyes streaming…

Nothing at all mattered except for the fact that he was lying in a lifeless region with half the bones in his body broken. And no one to even cling his hopes to … he never would have imagined that this would be his way of exiting … no one would have imagined. 

He felt himself drift … floating between consciousness and unconsciousness. It sharpened the pain cracking open his body ten fold. And Ion yearned for it to stop.  The world seemed to flicker on and off, and lights popped up over the back of his closed eyelids. 

And suddenly, the swishing of cloaks shrouded what remained to be relayed of his vision. He thought he was surrounded by someone … or some people. And before he knew it, as his consciousness slipped, he was being hoisted upwards painfully. And he was then gliding … flying … or was he dreaming? The sensation of leaving the ground and gathering speed…

And before he knew it, he was on a soft, mattress like surface. And the world seemed had fallen to a blissful tranquility. And it almost felt like the pain had uncoiled from his limbs … the agony had melted away, sparing him. Silence, peaceful and serene, enveloped all. And he felt as though all dreams had come true in the silence. But where was he? Was he even alive? 

And a voice slit the silence from above him. 

“Son, can you hear me?” 

Ion’s eyelids fluttered open. But he immediately closed them to shield from a blast of light from in front. But in that split second he had opened them, he had seen a figure, a man in a black cloak, standing in front of him. 

His eyes still closed, he groaned, “Where am I?”

“It doesn’t matter where you are.” came the voice of the man in front. “What matters is that you’re alive. And your body is intact again.”

A jolt passed Ion as he heard it. As if on cue, the sensation of his bodily control returned full and new to him. He realised that his limbs were moving perfectly. Completely tended. He opened his eyes again: this time the bright sunlight streaming in through the window opposite to him was bearable.

He was lying on a straw cot, in the middle of a small hut. He sat straight and looked at the man in front of him. He was a tall, thin man dressed in a black cloak. His smile radiated warmth as he gazed down on Ion. His sharp Elfling eyes were of a rich green colour, and his long black hair fell over his shoulder behind him.

“My name is Jedius,” the man said. “You’re lucky to be healed from that nasty fall you’ve had.”

Groaning feebly in pain, Ion stood from the straw cot he’d been lying on, looking outside of the window opposite to him. 

“Where are we?”

“Vanodar.” replied Jedius. “It’s a rainforest planet. Don’t worry you’re perfectly safe here. Even from the Naxim.”

Something in what Ion heard registered a second late. Then he looked at Jedius and asked, “You know I’m a mystic?” 

Jedius turned and walked over to the side of the hut, bending down to pick up one of two sheathed, long swords that had been lying there. He tossed it to Ion, who caught it and recognised it as his own sword. 

Oh. He’s seen my sword…

But little did he know that there was a deeper, hidden reason for Jedius’s known he was a mystic. A hidden reason for why the two of them were now in this hut … with their paths intertwined. And this reason was the Nyon. One he would come to discover in two years.

“So you’re one too?”

Jedius nodded. Ion’s partially healed bones throbbed uneasily as he stood there. With a stifled groan, he sank back to the bed. 

“I’ve done all I can to treat you.” said Jedius. “I’ve mended your bones as best as I can. But you’re still to be fully healed, and a few days’ rest here would do you good. You can stay here with me.”

Ion looked at him quietly, before nodding. “Thank you … for everything.”

Jedius’s smile faded, replaced by a look of grim seriousness.

“When I found you, I thought it was a rather strange situation for a person to end up in.” A weighty pause fell between his words. “If I may ask … how did it happen?”

Ion unconsciously stiffened. The horror of the past few hours suddenly rushed back to him, everything he had done. Everything he needed to have undone…  

A helpless, suffocating feeling wormed its way through his stomach. He couldn’t trust anyone with the truth of what had happened. But as he looked at Jedius slowly, he found the Elfling gazing at him with a softened look in his green eyes. A measure of peace found his turmoiled mind. 

He had just saved Ion’s life…

A strange, invisible connection seemed to form between the two of them… 

Jedius walked up beside Ion’s cot, placing a gentle hand on his shoulder. Something in his eyes seemed to have grasped the pain within Ion. 

He smiled warmly, and said, “I’m a wellwisher, son. By now that much should be evident to you.”

Without questioning himself, Ion drew out the folded parchment in his pocket. Unrolled it. And handed it to Jedius. 

Jedius studied the picture in the poster, the absurdly drawn face. For a long moment of silence his eyes scanned the poster, and then moved over to Ion. “What does this have to do with you?”

Ion took a deep breath. 

And then he told the man everything. 

 
Jedius was quiet for a long time. His expression was inscrutable, and the silence between them, after Ion had told him the whole story, was rigid and unpleasant. Ion longed to know what the other was thinking, as he gazed out the window opposite to his cot. 

Slowly turning to him, the Elfling said, “And you decided to … end your life?” 

Ion nodded slowly, without taking his eyes off the opposite window. 

“I normally wouldn’t bother questioning another’s choices,” said Jedius. “And the reasons motivating them. But for this one occasion, allow me to make an exception … a well needed one.” He turned and looked at Ion. “Would ending your life have been the solution you wanted, Ion?” 

“What do you mean?”

Jedius was quiet for a long moment again, a deep silence filling the hut as he gazed at Ion. 

“You wanted to amend the dark deeds of your past…”

“Of course I did.” said Ion. 

“And you thought ending your life would do that?” Jedius gave a warm chuckle. “We all brave struggles in life, young one … and all struggles come with a solution. Yours does to. And you know it. The solution to what you’re going through. Can you tell me what the right thing would have been, for you to do, after all you’ve done till now?”

Ion gave the question a moment’s thought, then felt his eyes widen. “Turn myself in?” It was hardly a bad option. If anything, it was rather easy for him to contemplate. 

But Jedius shook his head. 

“If you did that, the punishment you would have faced would have been the same: death.” He chuckled again. “Again, that would have been nothing short of having yourself disposed of, and reaching a convenient end to your woes. No.”

Ion stared. “I don’t see any other solution … I’ve never felt worse pain having to live with myself.”

Jedius smiled. “The solution is to endure the pain … and to go on living. To do what must be done.”

“What must be done?” he asked softly. “What more can I do, after the terrible life I’ve lived? And how can I ever redeem myself?” 

“Only you can answer that.” replied Jedius. “But know this, and keep it within you: life has chosen you. All of us have a place in this world, and your is yours alone to find … no matter how bad a scoundrel you may have been, you are still a scoundrel placed in this universe for a reason. Our universe is one of tolerance and forgivance. And no matter how dark a position we may be, it shows us our path, like the stars do in the night time sky. Our place is in following its light.”

Ion looked out the window again, inwardly broiling with guilt and sorrow. If he was honest with himself, he knew that forgetting the past and living with himself was the one thing he couldn’t do … But a small voice inside of him told him that as heavily stained as his past was, he still had a future. And the voice reminded him of the mission his parents had left with him … the mission of nobility and goodness that they believed their twin sons were destined for. 

He had failed them… 

But his failure was not permanent. He was still here. And he had another chance … He had an awaiting future. However painful moving through it would be, living with the memories of his deeds, Ion knew it was the right thing to do. He had failed to live the life he was supposed to have. But now, he would. The pain of guilt and grief that came along with it would certainly be the greatest punishment he knew he could face…

But he would face it. For them. For Marion and Selia…

And for Eol… 

A fiery surge of tears rushed to his eyes again. Straining to keep himself steady, Ion rose and walked to the window across the hut, his limbs searing painfully. He stood there, gazing at the beautiful forest spreading beyond for a few quiet seconds. Slowly, he turned to face Jedius. As he met the warm smile in the Elfling’s eyes, he found a new calm settling within him. 

“But like I said,” Jedius nodded to him. “I don’t question another’s choices … and I have faith you can make the right ones.”


17

The present


Star system 328 was located at the deepest section of the outer spectrum. It was a solar system consisting of eleven planets. The seventh planet from the sun in this star system, Fernox was one of the smallest planets in the entire spectrum. It was an ice planet, with more than two thirds of its land area enveloped in snow and ice. 

Somewhere within the tiny planet in a mountainous region where it was still day, a frosty wind cut through the air. The mountains rose tall and proud over. They were all buried in a thick layer of snow that coloured them in a dull white. 

Overhead, the sun could be seen through a dull, orange glow, enshrouded behind cloudy fogs. 

And then, suddenly, another orange orb appeared on the blue sky. It was swallowed in a faint orange glow that paled compared to the sun’s nearby it. 

The entity swelled in size steadily, enlargening upon sky like a blotch spreading across a canvas. And then, a giant, flaming halo could be seen darting down from the heavens, lowering towards the snow capped mountains. As it streaked closer, it could be identified as a glowing halo that caged something within it. It slowed as it approached the top of one of the snowy hills, dropping speed rapidly until it came to a gentle stall over it. 

As it stopped, the glowing cage faded slowly, melting into thin air. And as the halo disappeared, the group of people standing inside of it could be seen. Mantra, Dantox, Nano and a group of five watchmen, all identical in appearance to their leader, walked forward slowly turning and looking about. Their gazes, tinged with faint curiosity, carried across the unfamiliar new terrain they had arrived in. 

The unbearable chill in the air here would have soaked anyone’s flesh in cold: no ordinary man would have been able to stand in this frigid planet devoid of warm clothing. Or in mere black cloaks. But Mantra and Dantox could withstand it for the sole reason that they were mystics. And tapping into their inner powers, they could supply a meagre warmth to their outer skin - though only meagre: Dantox hugged himself closely, his teeth chattering mildly as he stared about with narrowed eyes. 

Meanwhile the watchmen, with their outer shells being formed of something greater than flesh and bone, were almost invulnerable to it. Nano stepped forward, his beady orange eyes wandering over the scene from the height they were now in. The rest of the watchmen stood behind them, as stiff as trees, awaiting their leader’s word. 

“Well, we have successfully made it.” Nano finally said, looking from Mantra to Dantox, both of whom stood on either side of him. 

Controlling the faint shivers spreading through his body, Mantra turned and faced him. “Yes, now for the hard part. Finding the bomb.”

Dantox turned to Mantra, his golden hair made to whip around by the cold wind. 

“Where do we even start?” he asked, a note of helplessness in his voice. 

Mantra drew in a deep breath, struggling to keep calm: it was hard amidst the urgency building inside. Now that they had crossed the first obstacle and arrived at the planet, a doubled pressure came over on the second and final obstacle of finding the bomb. 

They had done this understanding the risk involved, the risk of having to find the bomb amidst a very sleek time factor. 

But only now, when fully facing it, did they truly comprehend the enormity of the risk they had undertaken. 

“How much more time do we have to find the bomb?” said Mantra, turning to Dantox. 

Still shivering slightly, Dantox drew his z-com and produced a small holo screen displaying the time. As he looked into the screen, his brow contracted very slightly in a frown. 

“The journey’s apparently taken a little longer than we’d thought.” he said in a blank tone, looking up at Mantra. 

“What?” asked Mantra, feeling a flutter of panic.

“We thought the journey to the planet would take forty minutes.” Dantox shifted his gaze to Nano, who was standing rigidly, listening. “It’s taken a little more than forty five. We’re left with less than fifteen minutes to find and destroy the bomb.”

Mantra turned and ran his gaze across the lands sprawling below the mountain they were on. The hilly snow capped region ran on, meandering through a cluster of crests and troughs that were larger than life. He could faintly sense the combined dimming of their spirits as they realised how hard this task they had set foot on was. 

“Fifteen minutes.” repeated Dantox, as he thrust the z-com back into his pocket. “How?” He joined Mantra and gazing across the icy lands they were now in. “Where do we even start?”

Mantra could sense the hopeless tone in his voice, a hopelessness he too was fighting down. He heaved a slow breath and replied, “Anywhere we can.”

Nano had his arms folded, looking to silently be processing something. After a short moment, he turned to the two Nyon masters. 

“We need to carry ourselves with prudent caution now.” he said gravely. “A mistake from here, within the coming fifteen minutes, could spell a disaster for the entire planet … a disaster already looming.”

Mantra considered his words, and the tone of urgency in them. Something occurred to him, so that his speeding thoughts halted in their tracks. 

“We need to find the level of inhabitation in this planet.”

The two others looked at him together. 

“Level of inhabitation?” Nano stopped folding his arms and looked straight at Mantra. “You mean to find the number of people inhabiting this planet?”

Mantra nodded. 

Dantox swayed his head slightly, a thoughtful frown on his face as well as he received this. Then, nodding, he said, “I’ll run a search in my z-com to find that.”

He pulled out his z-com again, pressing a few digits on the smooth metallic device. A holo screen shimmered to life in the air over the device. Dantox dug through the stored Intel in the z-com, and finally found the information they were looking for - the page that carried all details of planets. He read through it in a downward zip of his eyes. Some of the tension in his face drained, and he looked back up at Mantra. 

“The planet’s almost uninhabited.” he replied.

“Almost won’t do it.” said Mantra, shaking his head. “What’s the exact number of the people found here?”

“Far too less.” said Dantox. “The numbers are approximated to a few hundred thousand. Less than a million.” 

Nano, who had been standing with his hands folded, threw a glance past the hilly terrain spreading beyond them again. A terrain engulfed by snow and ice. 

“A million man beings, you mean to say?” he asked, turning back to Dantox, who nodded. “And what about non man beings, and other life forms?”

Dantox raised the device in his hand again, and the screen hanging atop it. His eyes stalled on the page for a second, before he gave a shake of his head. 

“There are no non man being species prevalent here, as far as Intel knows.” he said. “And other life forms are negligible.”

“Of course they are.” said Mantra, who had guessed this. “This is a frigid ice land! The only beings smart enough to live here and survive would be the ones with enough intelligence- the man beings.” 

“And a million of them are facing an imminent threat of oblivion.” said Nano. “Unless we find that bomb within the next few minutes.”

“Less than a million.” impressed Dantox. 

Mantra looked at him with frown. “What are you saying?”

“We’re here, trying to save less than a million people when outside this planet, billions are at stake!” Dantox gave a slight pause, a calculating look on his face. “We’ve got a very slim chance of finding the bomb within the couple of minutes left for it to go off. If our efforts were to go futile, it would be a very great waste. Because right now, every minute counts: there are seven more bombs out there, and these seven planets are definitely carrying a far, far greater number of people in them. We would be wise to devote our focus to them instead. And if the bomb on this planet goes off with us in it, it would be too big a loss: we’re the last two members of the Nyon. This is the one time when we’re needed.”

“Do you mean to imply that we should abandon this planet?” asked Nano, who seemed to have been thinking along the same lines. 

“I think we should.” answered Dantox, looking between Nano and Mantra. “If there’s no chance of saving it, we’re wasting our time … and possibly our lives too if the bomb goes off soon while we’re still searching for it. And we can’t allow such a risk when there are seven more planets marked for destruction, which are in real need of our help.”

“We’re already here.” said Mantra. “That’s the problem. Leaving now to save ten minutes would be rather foolish. We had made up our mind, and had trudged a long voyage to get here. I don’t think we should turn back now. And whatever be the case, we cannot condone a single death. Let alone one million.” He gave a firm nod at the two of them. “Gentlemen, now that we’re here, and now that we’ve been given the chance to help, I wouldn’t turn back.”

Nano and Dantox exchanged a glance, both of them carrying the same, thoughtful expressions. 

“I would agree.” said Nano. 

Dantox nodded. “Very well, then.” The new resolve in his voice dimmed very mildly as anxiety entered it. “But how?”

“How do we find the bomb?” Nano completed, sounding equally anxious. “It would seem that is indeed the question. Because we now have fifteen minutes to save this planet. And the clock is ticking.”

As a short gap of silence fell between them, Mantra closed his eyes and drew in a long, deep breath. He relinquished all fears, all mental strains, and allowed his mind to take on the calmest disposition. Then, gathering everything he had, he analysed the situation from as wholesome a view as possible… 

Finally, he turned to Nano and Dantox, and gave a sharp nod. His eyes roamed then to the five watchmen standing behind them, awaiting orders. 

“I think there might be a way after all.”


18



Velrox, Outer spectrum

Flamebird skimmed down the cloud gorged sky, its metallic skin shimmering in the blaze of the sun. Far beneath them, a cluster of village houses, appearing like toy houses, ran past over the unlevelled terrain. Its speed dropped rapidly as it exited space and it flowed down gently from the clouded region.

Inside, the three of them stood behind the four holo screens upfront. 

And the air around them was sparked with a new energy and fervour. 

The journey was over. They had made it. 

Ion could feel all of the tense weight instantly drain within him, leaving a wide, blissful relief to stretch across his being. 

As Flamebird streaked down the cloudy skies, Ion mentally ran through everything Mantra had told him before he had left for the mission. He was to arrive here, and wait at the edge of the village. The priest would arrive shortly. Then, he would take him to the nearing planet of Garnor, to the tablet Mantra knew there. 

“This tablet is a rather special one … and I knew it might come in handy in the future.” Mantra’s words played back in his head. 

Well, you were right. conceded Ion. 

Some of the joy and relief ebbed very mildly as an earlier anxiety drew his attention. One that revolved around the focus of this entire plan. The priest. 

The plan that Mantra had recited had been rather awry: he had claimed that this man, Nalzes, would simply sense his arrival, and would reach him after he landed. Mantra had based this entire task on a blind faith in this strange man. He had stated that Ion simply needed to arrive at this specific location and wait, and that Nalzes would find him…

But all along, Ion had borne a silent fear regarding this strange aspect of the plan: what if they had braved this dangerous journey and triumphed … only to find that the priest was not arriving to meet them as they had expected and trusted him to?

Ion pushed the thought away, along with the nasty prickle of fear it aroused in him. Heaving a deep breath to cool his nerves, he turned to the other two, who were standing by his right, looking into the screens ahead.

“Well, this is it.” he said, hardly noticing the feeble anxiety lurking beneath the anticipation in his own voice.

The two of them nodded as one. 

Ion drew a hand into his pocket and pulled out the plague crystal, holding it before him for the three of them to see. The air of darkness and suspense that usually enshrouded when viewing this object was now gone … replaced by a quiet glow of excitement and victory. 

“Time to end this.” he said, as all three pairs of eyes lay pinned over the crystal. 

They could see the lands beneath them rush backwards in a fierce pace as Flamebird soared on over them. 

Within seconds, they were looming over the outskirts of the village, the very area he was supposed to arrive and wait for the priest in. 

And heaven knows how long we’ll have to wait… 

But as Flamebird spiralled down from the sky, heading for a landing on the ground, Ion realised he had been wrong to doubt:

On one of the four screens displaying the ground below them, they spotted a lone figure standing at the edge of the village, his long brown cloak billowing in the wind. 

Ion felt a sharp gasp emit from within as he saw it… 

“He’s … already here!” he exclaimed. Suddenly, the tension, anxiety and fear all melted in that very instant. Relief and excitement spread through him. The priest, Nalzes, had already arrived. 

He realised how stupid he was being in doubting Mantra and his plans. Nalzes, he remembered, was just as ancient a master as Mantra himself was. Just as old and wise … and that proved how foolish Ion had been in doubting him. He had been expecting to wait for the man, but it turned out the other way around. He was waiting for Ion. 

We made it. thought Ion, feeling the weight in his stomach vanish. 

Flamebird made a gently halt over the ground right before the man, and through the screen ahead, Ion saw the air currents buffet his robes as the magnificent ship made a landing before him. 

He was a tall, thin figure, with a flowing white beard that almost reached down to his waist. His eyes, condensed within his wizened, freckled face, were a rich green colour. 

The hull’s floor caved in, landing on the ground as a ramp. And the three Nyon descended the ramp, arriving before the priest.  

Nalzes smiled as he watched the three Nyon in front of him. “Well met, young ones.”

“Well met, Master.” echoed the three of them. 

Nalzes’s eyes moved down to the crystal held in Ion’s left hand, and Ion sensed something stirring within their rich green depths. 

“It was a wise decision.” he said, nodding his head. “Despite the risks along the way. The crystal had to be destroyed. Did the Xeni try and intervene along your journey?”

“No.” said Ion and Qyro together. 

Vestra looked at the two of them with a dark look. “Not yet. This journey isn’t over yet. Not until we reach the tablet safely. And have the crystal destroyed for good.”

Nalzes gazed at Vestra, a faint smile over his lips. He nodded slowly. “The youngling is very correct.” He shifted his gaze to the other two. “Now is not the time to let our guards down. We are dealing with the most devious of creatures here. The Xeni are more cunning than you might imagine, and vigilance can never be abandoned in this fight against them. We have a final stage of this journey left, and it may turn out to be the fatal one if we fall to delusionary comforts and abandon our watchful focus.”

Ion couldn’t suppress a feeling that Mantra’s friend, like Mantra himself, could sense things ahead. And that that he wasn’t telling them everything about what he sensed…

“Let us keep our strides soft.” said Nalzes enigmatically, before marching off into the ship’s hull through its ramp, with ion, Vestra and Qyro following. 

The ramp sealed itself as the four of them mounted it. 

Seconds later, the ground hosted a faint shudder as Flamebird lifted off it. The ship twisted about and shot back into the skies the way it had come.

__________


The deep, multi tunnelled cave was as silent as always. As gloomy… 

The man with the hairless red skin and the bead like red eyes, was sitting in the midst of the cold ground of the cave. Redgarn was sitting opposite to four other Xeni, who were also sitting cross legged as he was. With their hoods drawn, their faces were concealed in shadows. Their chests swelled and shrunk in a methodical rhythm as they kept the flow of their breathing controlled. 

Redgarn let his eyes rest over them, moving from one to the other slowly. He could sense their calm, unwavered states of mind glow like torches in the darkness. And something very unlikely seemed to have happened, as Redgarn watched them and sniffed the steely glow of their minds: 

He was almost impressed. 

“Zardin has taught you well.” he said, feeling his lips twist into a smile as he said it. “Not bad at all.”

The four of them dipped their heads in a faint imitation of a bow. 

“Thank you, my lord.” said one.

“He truly has, my lord.” said another.

Redgarn felt his mind flash back eight millennia, to the fall of their order, which had driven their fragmented remains into hiding. He felt a shadow of the heavy, crushing pain of the ages as he watched, unable to help, unable to act. But now, the agony had ended. The wait had ended, and after a painful long stretch, they had risen again. But only through the efforts of one sole man. He remembered that day, when he had found Zardin, in the middle of the desert. From there, to what he was now, and the astonishing feats he had accomplished along the way … Redgarn couldn’t help but feel truly impressed at his student. 

“Yes,” he said softly. “Zardin truly has been the soul of our new order. And he will prove it again, very soon.”

Beneath the dark of their hoods, Redgarn could feel the same curiosity kindling in the men’s faces.

He chuckled softly. “Yes, that’s right. He will prove once more, why he is a mastermind among mystics themselves. He will prove it … by fetching us the plague crystal.”

As he said it, he could almost feel the air freeze around the four Xeni in front of him: a sudden stiffness had sparked in their postures. Redgarn could feel the thrill rising in them.

“The - the plague crystal, my lord?” hissed one of them, unable to keep his curiosity from bursting out of him. 

Redgarn gave a low laugh, which left a tingling hum to echo behind it in the cave. “Yes … Zardin has just gone for the one task that we need accomplished right now. He’s gone to have the plague crystal obtained. From the Nyon.”

The hooded faces slowly twisted to face each other, and Redgarn sensed the same mixture of shock and excitement beneath all their hoods.

“But - how?” asked one of them, daring to break the same question that all their heads now contained.

Redgarn licked his lips, his eyes narrowing sharply. “He did not tell me. And I did not bother asking.”

The Xeni slowly exchanged another quiet look. 

“I have faith in him.” said Redgarn, smiling as he said it. “And whatever plan he has for this.”

The Xeni dared speak no more. But Redgarn knew they were all weighing the odds … and trying to hope that the mastermind who had brought their order this far, could accomplish this final goal for them. The plague crystal. 

Redgarn couldn’t help himself either: he pondered over the chances of success Zardin bore. Wondering if he would manage to accomplish this last, and most important feat… 

But he quickly caught himself and pushed away such worthless dwellings and fears. Silencing all questions. For the answers were very soon to reach them. 

Good luck, Zardin.


19




“Two minutes.” Qyro said, looking into the fifth holo screen beside the four others. “We’ll be at the planet in two minutes.” 

He turned to Vestra and Ion, who stood by his left looking into the screen as well. It displayed the distance and time remaining to their destination, the planet Garnor in the nearing star system. 

Ion glanced behind at the hull. The priest, Nalzes, sat at the very back, cross legged and eyes closed. After he had entered the ship, less than a minute or two ago, he had settled at the back of the ship where he sank into a deep, undisturbed meditation. 

“Let’s check the details of this planet.” Vestra suggested. 

Ion ran through the pages of the data stored in the fifth holo screen, before arriving at one that gave them what they wanted - everything about the planet Garnor.

Qyro ran through the page quickly, before turning to the two of them. 

“It’s a rainforest planet.” he told them. “One of the rare ones, as a matter of fact.”

“Is it inhabited?” asked Vestra, who bent forward to read, but Qyro shook his head. 

“Not my man beings. Not now anyway.” 

“Not now?” asked Ion. 

“Garnor was apparently inhabited a long, long time ago.” he explained, squinting at the lines of small words filling the page. “Probably too long to even leave any traces of inhabitation behind. Anyway, it’s all green now. Nothing but forests throughout the planet.”

“There is a city remaining behind.” Ion told him. “ An abandoned city. It’s not inhabited. But it used to be, apparently, when the planet was.”

Qyro lifted an eyebrow. “How’d you know?”

“Because that’s where the tablet is.” Ion recalled the exact directions to the tablet, as Mantra had told him. “This abandoned city is where we’re going to find the tablet.”

He mentally ran through the details of the tablet’s location, as given by Mantra. The ship had been set on autodrive to take them directly to the outskirts of the city. From there, they would enter the abandoned place by foot. The tablet, as Mantra had explained, would be found in a structure at the centre of the abandoned city.

He placed his arms behind his back and watched as the empty black stretch shown in the four screens carried on for a minute or two. And then, they could feel the ship’s speed entering a steady drop. And a small orb appeared on one of the screens, enlargening against the black background. Coloured rich green, it expanded in size until the entire screen was swallowed by it. 

The stretch of black on all four screens was wiped out as the ship zoomed into the planet’s atmosphere. One of them displayed the sky, while another showed the green lands beneath them, which came hurtling closer. 

The lively greenery on the ground zipped backwards as the ship flew by over it. It was dense and rich, forest life that seemed to spawn on and on.  

It was mid day: they could see so through the screen bearing the sky. The sun lay half concealed behind a large puff of cloud, a slice of its bright orange rim exposed. 

The ship soared on gracefully, its altitude lowering gradually as it approached its destination. Within a few seconds, they saw what was undoubtedly a man made area of inhabitance crop into view at the very edge of the grassy lands. As they approached, they saw the city grow out over the land, steadily turning clearer. Flamebird descended with a stunningly accurate precision: it landed on the grassy land coming beyond the city, right on its outskirts. 

“We’re here.” 

The three of them spun around, and saw the priest standing right behind them. He had apparently woken from meditation completely unknown to them. His green eyes were fixed on the four screens before them, and a faint frown wore on his brow. 

“Let’s not tarry,” he said, his voice pinched with something faintly grim. “Time is of the essence.”

“And so it is.” Ion frowned too, and the as the ramp caved in from the floor before them, landing on the grassy ground beneath, the four of them swept down it. 

The ramp re sealed itself as they exited the ship. The four of them lined outside of the ship, holding their gazes upon the deserted, ruined city spreading before them. 

The buildings were all made in the same, identical fashion. They all looked like small scale pyramids with the upper tip shaved off. All of them were roughly of the same size, rising as tall as a two storey building. The skin covering the structure seemed to be some sort of a diamond like material. It glimmered in the harsh rays of the mid day sun, carrying a polished shine unfazed by the great span of years it had endured. 

Ion couldn’t help observing that Nalzes’s expression was strangely closed, with a half frown over his brow. A strangely dark look. For some reason, he heaved in a deep breath, and then held his eyes closed for a long, intense moment, as though praying … or trying to detect something. 

And then, Nalzes’s eyes suddenly opened.

“We should hurry.” he said softly.

His voice was just as calm as ever, but there was a sharp note of urgency in it.

“I’ll lead the way,” said Ion, giving him a nod.

And without another word, he swept forward in a brisk pace, with the other three hurrying on behind him.

As he walked, Ion had the strangest feeling that Nalzes was sensing trouble. The same way Mantra could. He remembered having the same feeling when he had met him earlier. Feeling his nerves tingle very mildly, he gathered his pace and walked faster with the three of them striding along behind him. 

The flooring of the entire city was uniform, laid with concrete tiles. The entire city was sprawled over the unbroken concrete tiling that acted like a platform for its build. The half pyramid structures were all distributed over the city’s large platform. Faint mushes of greenery lay smeared between the concrete flooring, either in the form of tufts of grass or bushes. Creepers stretched over most of the buildings, some of them thin and mildly layered. While others were dense, wrapping and enshrouding the entire building in greenery. 

They were treading down the large, magnificent city at a hurried trot. Ion was leading them, the other two and Nalzes huddling along in his wake. He sent a glance back and saw Qyro and Vestra by either side of Nalzes, whose face carried the same dark frown. The two others had stoned looks on their faces, and Ion knew that the same, silent anxiety pressed upon them all. One that had been triggered by the sudden urgency Nalzes displayed. The anxiety of something looming over them, waiting to land. 

Pushing the thought away, Ion turned back and let his pace quicken subconsciously. 

As the four of them swept down the city, Ion couldn’t help letting his gaze wander over it. Despite its abandoned state, the place had a lingering sense of awe from the exquisite nature of its build. The touch of grandeur in the city’s craft was unravaged. The expensive material making the half pyramid structures all around them preserved the unblemished, smooth nature of its surface, even through the age it had stood through. Some of the structures, which were noticeably larger than the rest, had their surface coated with a spread of glinting lights. And with a closer look upon one of them, Ion noticed that they were precious stones that adorned the building. He guessed that these had been buildings bearing a greater importance in the city than the rest. 

Though simply modelled, the city was large, larger by far than he had imagined. He redoubled his pace, and the three of him followed suit, almost running. The place seemed to spawn for a small eternity of tense walking, with Ion’s nerves quietly tingling all through. 

An air of desolate emptiness haunted the place. One that seemed strangely awakened, renewed as the five new visitors hurriedly passed through the city. 

Ion let his gaze shoot about the place all the time, looking for signs of the building Mantra had directed him to. He remembered Mantra’s instructions, directing him to a central building in the abandoned city, wherein lay this tablet. And, keeping them in mind all through, he carried on down the maze of structures, leading the others.
 
Within a few minutes, he had reached the building Mantra had directed him to. And as soon as he did, as the five of them stood before the large, grandly built half pyramid wherein lay the tablet, Ion felt something in his gut loosen. 

The building was the largest of the entire city, or so Ion guessed from what he had observed of the city through their wandering. A large pair of large double doors lay sealed shut at front. 

Nalzes gave a flick of his hand and the door swung open, revealing a large dark hall touched only by the faintest illumination. But even through the dimness of the place, they could spot it … sitting directly in the middle of the room, large and elegant.

The tablet they had come here for. 

Ion’s tension died out in an instant, as he released a great sigh of relief. 

“We’ve made it.” whispered Qyro by his right, his eyes on the tablet. 

Nalzes turned to Ion, his green eyes seeming to sparkle through the darkness. Ion sensed the same relief bursting through him as well, casting away the dark forebodings he had apparently sensed earlier. 

He pulled the crystal out from his robe pocket, and handed it to the priest. “End this. Once and for all.”

Nalzes took a moment to survey the crystal. Then, with a nod to the three of them, he turned and strode into the room, and before the tablet. 

Ion and the other two stood at the entrance, watching as the man heaved a deep breath in preparation for what he needed to do. Then, he reached for something in his right wrist. He wrenched off a metallic object that had been strapped around the front of his wrist, and threw it to the ground: Ion’s eyes followed the device, which he recognised to be a disguise simulator … And immediately, the simulated disguise that the priest had been wearing rippled and died. 

Zardin turned to face the three of them with the crystal held before him in his hand, his smile blazing with triumph even through the darkness. 


20




“End this you ask?” Zardin said, as he withdrew a Sparkler from the pocket of his black robe and aimed. “End it, I shall.”

He released three jets of blue at them. And all of them found their targets. 

Their three bodies were lifted off the ground as one, caught in a slow mid air sail across the room. Ion felt every thought obliterated as his nerves gushed with a searing pain. The half second in which he was airborne seemed to expand across a few aeons. And then, with a dull crash, his body smashed to the floor at the entrance, frozen. Through the corner of his twitching eye, he saw Vestra and Qyro having hit the wall behind them and rolled off. The impact seemed to have put them out.

No! No! No!

Ion was now lying helpless on the floor, the warmth squeezed out of his body. Paralysed, unable to move, unable to hardly think, he lay on the floor while Zardin stood before the tablet in the centre of the room. The maniac released a chilling laughter that rang unpleasantly within the walls of the large hall. 

“Galinor, another surviving member of your brotherhood, had been kind enough to tell us everything.” he said, slowly striding forward. “Of course, he was slightly un co operative initially, and we had to put him out a few times before he came to his senses and revealed the entire plan.” He stopped and bent before Ion, those eyeless, soulless sockets appearing to gleam viciously. “Yes, he told us what you were planning to do, apparently having heard it from Mantra. He told us of the priest you were planning to meet, and where you were heading to meet him. And so, there I was, in disguise of that same priest - a disguise I managed to procure with his help, of course.” He looked over at the base of the tablet, where the watch like device he had been wearing lay on the ground. “With the help of the disguisor device, I had his appearance imprinted into it, and then used it to fool you. You should have realised that if I were the real Nalzes, I would never have been waiting for you at the village’s outskirts when you landed itself - Nalzes would have sensed your arrival and reached you only a while after you’d landed, and you knew that.”

Ion’s thoughts had come under a painful jam - not even because of the freeze shot’s effect, but because of the shock and alarm now pounding on him. After everything they had done … they had been thwarted. 

Zardin went on, his voice razor edged with malice. “Galinor also told us what Mantra and Dantox, the only two others remaining of your brotherhood, were planning to do. And are now doing. They had committed themselves to the task of stopping the ten bombs, before they went off. The second hour is almost up. It’s almost time for the second planet, Fernox to hit the dust. Here, the string of events can take two routes: one - Mantra and Dantox have managed to successfully destroy the bomb by now, and the planet lives. Two - they haven’t managed to find the bomb yet, and the planet dies … with them dying along with it.”

He let a mean pause follow his words, and Ion understood that it was to let the effect of what he was saying drill into him. The alarming, terrible effect. 

Zardin pulled out his z-com, and a holo screen shimmered to life over it, leaving a pale blue glow to spread over the hall. “The bomb in Fernox was meant to go off in another seven minutes. It was pre programmed. I have the power to override the bomb’s timing and set it off earlier. And I think I will.” 

He gestured to the z-com. “One button on this device, and the bomb in Fernox goes off the very next second. I hope, for their sake, that Mantra and Dantox have managed to destroy the bomb. For if not,” His finger hovered over the trigger. “The bomb will now destroy them. Along with all else in the planet.”

His words bit into Ion’s mind like red hot talons. Sharp and scorching. Ion mustered his hopes that Mantra and Dantox had managed to get to the bomb by now … because if not, their chances were up.

Zardin’s pale face was watching him, his framed black hair falling loosely on both sides of his face so that, in the darkness, he looked ever more like a lunatic. A soulless body animated to walk around … and it was ever more terrifying. 

A humorless smile awoke upon those daunting features. “So tell me, Ion, what do you think? Have they found and destroyed the bomb?”

He wagged the z-com before Ion again, who felt a parching desire to seize the device. But all he could do was lie there, helpless, on the cold ground, and watch the horror unfold before him. 

Zardin straightened back up, positioning his thumb over a button on his z-com. “Time to find out.” And his thumb landed over the button, and pressed it.

__________


Fernox experienced the meanest split second of rumbling … terrible, furious rumbling, as though the force of a million earthquakes had been compressed and unleashed in that one moment. And the next split second saw a fiery blaze of light soaking the entire planet, and devouring it. 

The explosion was infernal. Uncontained. It ripped apart the entire planet within the span of a second. Its shattered remains were sent rocketing across space, the remnants of the once majestic planet, living and thriving … now lifeless and cold. 

__________


Zardin took a look into the screen that rose over the z-com right after he had pressed the button. 

“Fernox … detonated.” he read from the screen, his lips hosting a brutal smile. 

Ion went totally blank for a second. And then cold fury came surging through him. Fury like he had never known before. 

Walking forward, Zardin stomped one foot over Ion’s motionless body, bent down and whispered, “We win, then.” 

Straightening up, he hurled a kick at Ion which sent his limp body rolling over. 

Twirling the crystal within his fingers, Zardin strode upto the tablet in the middle of the dark room. He bent forward and pressed a spot on the tablet. The large tablet glowed for a second, and then, with a flash of light, it shrunk into a miniature model of its former self. 

Zardin picked up the shrunken tablet with his free hand and slowly came back to stand before Ion. 

“I think, your master Mantra may have told you that this particular tablet is something special.” He waved the shrunken tablet before Ion’s eyes. “Well, he should have. But I’m sure he never told you why. For this is a tablet which he has secretly kept hidden here for eight millennia now: And he was completely right in do so. Because you see,” He gestured to the tablet. “I’m now holding not just any ordinary tablet … I’m holding the tablet known as Valicros, the most powerful mystical tablet ever to exist. And with its help now, the spell with which we release the demon army is going to be a thousand fold as powerful … and the army would be a thousand times as terrible as they would have been. And all of this, our order owes to the three of you.”


21




Ion heard the words, but it took a series of stiff, unmoving seconds before he actually registered them … and before his brain, in its frozen state, processed them. 

And when he did, a wave of horror froze his insides. He thought their situation could not, in the meekest chance, be worse. But he had been proved wrong. Valicros … The most powerful tablet … This can’t be happening.

“Desiring to hide the tablet from us, Mantra had spent eight millennia weaving this particular lie.” Zardin had his head turned towards the tablet at the centre of the dark hall as he spoke. “The lie that Valicros had been destroyed, when the truth was that he had actually been keeping it safe and hidden. He had known that the tablet was a potentially dangerous one if it were to come to fall to our hands. He wanted to make sure it was kept well off our reach. And so, to protect the tablet, he decided to alter the known version of history: he had spread the word among the mystic circle that Valicros had been lost, in the hopes of warding off attempts by us, the Xeni, to try and reach it. And all his efforts in protecting the tablet have now gone in vain.”

Zardin’s laughter echoed within the walls again while he stood over Ion, continuing to twirl the crystal idly within the fingers of his left hand. He slid the shrunken tablet, Valicros, into his robe pocket.

“We now have the crystal. And the most powerful tablet ever. With the two of them together, we will unleash the army of Mezmeron to the very height of its power in this realm.” 

He paused, watching Ion closely for a few seconds. 

“It is not possible for us to release the entire demon army right now: we would need to perform the spell with the tablet at a certain specific time of the day that aligns with the nature of our spell. We will perform the complete spell, to release the demon forces, in a few hours at the Xeni’s lair. But since the three of you seem just so overly eager for this, I guess with my mystical powers, I can use the crystal to open a meek crevice in the demons’ dimension, unlocking a very small portion of our dark forces … right here. For you. To let you have some fun.”

Striding to the front of where Ion lay, held the crystal up before his blank sockets. His face absorbing a new focus. He held one hand right atop the crystal and slowly rotated it in slow circles. A whole few minutes passed as such, with him continuing this bizarre ritual. 

Finally, after what looked to Ion like a small eternity, he stopped rotating his hand and lowered it. The serious look on his face was gone, replaced by that same cold smile.

Ion watched in horror, wondered if he had actually done it.

As if in answer, the crystal that Zardin held before his hand seemed to vibrate. The next second, a fierce red glow came over it, while it continued to steadily vibrate. 
This went on for a few seconds, and Ion thought they were the most terrible few seconds of his life. 

Then, the red glow slowly vanished, and the small prick like object sank back to a motionless stillness. 
 
“Now,” Zardin lowered the crystal and turning to Ion. “I think I’ve managed to release a very small something to give you company here. The rest of the army, no doubt, will be unleashed only when we perform the spell properly later on today. But for now, enjoy our gift to you.”

With a final shriek of laughter, Zardin pocketed the crystal with the shrunken tablet, turned and headed out the double doorway. As he swept out, his cloak flapping behind him, the large double doored entrance slowly caved in and sealed itself behind him. Leaving Ion and his two unconscious friends in this dark place. 

But as Ion lay there on the floor, his breath heaving, something happened that almost made his heart stop…

His eyes widened as he sensed it…

A new presence. Here, in the dark hall. With them. 

They weren’t alone. 

There was someone, or something else in the darkness here with them. 



22



Lagovan, Cluster 57

Atop one of the towering structures that forming the city of Tastade, a man in a brown gown stood at the balcony. Wargo had known of cruelty and senselessness in this world, and had bore witness to some of the most horrific incidents that had claimed the peace of the spectrum. But none, none at all, had been anything like what they were facing now. 

It was sheer madness. And no one in existence would have ever dreamt of imagining such a thing. 

From the balcony of the four hundred and thirty seventh floor, he could see the rest of the colossal structures that made the city. Large glass tunnels twined over the sky and in between the structures, meant for vehicle travel. But the stream of vehicles flowing down the tunnels had thinned. Across the distance, he could see most of the lights of the tower opposite to his switched off.

An atmosphere of fierce gloom had settled over the entire planet, and the entire spectrum. It had reached him, through a newsflash, that countless republics and states were at the brink of unravelling: the hysteria and mayhem that some of the planets were facing, caused by panic and confusion, were starting to thwart the establishments themselves. Madness and anarchy had come close to a brimming point in the world. 

This planet had experienced a complete dreadlock. Widespread panic had loosened out as the bombs took off one by one. People were seen flocking to religious and spiritual sites. As panic and confusion spiralled, crimes broke out in an unhindered wave, and law and order blurred. Almost dissolving the entire state into hysteria. 

A large fraction of citizens fled the planet to other planets which they calculated, were not likely to be on the hitlist than this one: this planet was developed and therefore, more likely to attract a terrorist attack. There was a fraction of the people who had fled to the outer spectrum, deeming that it was the safest of all. Assuming that planets in the outer spectrum were completely unlikely to be one of the ten marked ones. 

But they had been wrong. 

The news of the fourth planet that had just blown scoured the world of the faintest trace of hope. Because this new development raised the catastrophe scale to a whole new level. Firstly, this was a planet in the outer spectrum. Nobody had thought that the mystics would blow off the less populated planets falling in the outer spectrum, and waste their bombs. Secondly, and more alarmingly, this bomb had been blown early … It had been blown before the hour had been completed. And this brought a fresh new eruption of panic and chaos. For the people now understood that nothing was certain anymore: if the mystics had lied about one thing, they could have lied about more: they could have lied about ten bombs, when in reality, there were a hundred… 

Feeling strangely nauseatic, Wargo trotted over and sunk to a chair placed in the middle of the large balcony. He had lived life as a level headed, extremely rational man. Everything he did had a sound, intelligent reasoning based behind it. But now, he let his guard down and did something he never dreamt he would. For the first time in his life, Wargo clasped his hands before him and prayed. 

For he knew that there was nothing left at all. But this. 

He prayed for hope. 

He prayed for light. 

He prayed for the world … and for mankind. 


To be continued … 


In THE RISING SUN – Episode 6

