
Order of The Rose: Forsaken Petal

By

Joshua D. Hoyt



Acknowledgments
I want to thank my amazing wife who has read and edited the book several times putting in many hours of fixing all the many comma mistakes that I make. Ria Mendoza from OrangeJar.com who created the amazing cover (check out her sight she is an amazing artist!), and my children who are very patient with the many hours I spend on the computer and for their encouragement and making me feel so good when they tell me they love my book. Last but not least my amazing editor, my mom.


This book is a work of fiction. All of the characters, situations and events portrayed in this novel are from the author’s imagination or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events, people, living or dead is purely coincidental. All rights reserved. No part of this publication can be reproduced or transmitted in any form, electronic or mechanical without expressed written permission from Joshua D. Hoyt.
Copyright © 2014 Joshua D. Hoyt
Table of Contents:
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Epilogue
About The Author
Excerpt from Order of The Rose: Black Petal (Book 2)
Prologue:

A knock at the front door woke Tom from dreams of tiny soldiers battling across a wooden floor. Another knock, more forceful than the first, brought him even more out of the land of sleep and into the land of the living. He rubbed his sleepy eyes and pushed his face into his pillow, not yet ready to let go of the dream. No longer a knock, a bang on the door bounced off the white plastered walls of the foyer, up the carpeted stairs and down the hall to Tom’s room, finally to land on Tom’s small ears. Tom sat up. The land of the living, peaked his interest, Could it be Father?
High heeled shoes tapped as they crossed the marble floor of the foyer sounding like little artillery explosions. Tom slid out of bed onto the rug. The thick rug ran from his bed to the edge of his bedroom door like a path through a dark forest. A sharp click echoed from the latch below, and the heavy front door opened. Tom clenched the toy soldier his father had just given him for his fifth birthday as he ran to the landing above the large hall. His small hand grasped the white bar of the baluster and he looked down into the foyer. Below a woman and man talked to the maid, Anna. “We must see your mistress at once,” the woman said. 
His heart sank, It’s not father. Still the newcomers caught his interest. Who are they? The woman’s black hair caught the glow of the chandelier as it fell across her red dress. The man, standing just a little behind the woman looked like a giant. The light reflected off his shaved head. His black beard, carefully trimmed, outlined his muscular jaw. The long sword strapped across his back stood out against the man’s black suit. As Anna disappeared down the hall, the woman turned to whisper to the man. What are they talking about? Tom thought as he peered down at them. Maybe they’re here about father?
A few minutes later, Mother hurried to the woman, holding her hands out. They clasped hands and his mother’s lips brushed the other woman’s cheek. “We can talk in here,” his mother said, heading to the sitting room. The woman followed with the man close behind. Then Anna followed with a tray of tea.
Hand clasping the toy soldier, Tom crept down the stairs. His eyes darted nervously from side to side. At the bottom of the stairs, seeing no one, he darted across the entryway and stopped just outside the sitting room. Peering in, he saw Anna handing cups to the woman and man and then to his mother. She set the tray on the table and, turning, walked toward the door. 
Tom slipped into the nearby coat closet and eased the door closed behind him enveloping the space in darkness. He held his breath until he heard Anna’s steps recede down the hall, then opened the door a crack allowing light to burst in to the closet. He sighed and pressed his ear to the door. Only muffled voices could be heard. After he dared move Tom slipped out of the closet and closed the door behind him. He sank to his knees and crawled to the sitting room. When he reached the double oak doors, he heard the woman shout, “You have a responsibility to the order.”
“Why am I to be more responsible than they?” his mother asked.
“Must I remind you of your oath as well?” demanded the woman. “The responsibility is yours and yours alone.”
“I sacrificed a son once before, and I’ll not do it again,” his mother whispered. 

What sacrifice? Tom wondered. What’s mama talking about?
“I sorrow for your loss, sister,” the woman said, “but there’s nothing that can be done. Without the law we are no different than the witches.” A cup clanged on the tabletop and clothing rustled as someone stood. “We’ll return tomorrow and collect the boy,” the woman said.
Tom hurried to the stairs. By the time he reached the landing, the woman had reached the front door. The big man stood at attention next to her. His mother opened the door and the couple left without a word. She turned and quickly brushed tears from her eyes. She looked up, and seeing him she put on a smile.
Even to young Tom’s eyes, his mother had aged in the past few days. Her eyes had changed the most. They no longer gleamed when she smiled.  His mother hurried up the stairs and with a broad smile she gazed lovingly down at the small boy with the curly, blonde hair. He smiled weakly up at her, hoping he wouldn’t get in to too much trouble. 
His mother bent down to him and held him tight. “Tom, you have to go to a new home tomorrow. It’ll just be for a short time.” She looked into his blue eyes. “After your father gets back, we’ll come and get you.” He whimpered, as he thought about leaving his mother. She gave him a stern look then said, “Remember, you must be strong. You’re an Alerio.” 
He nodded and wiped at his red eyes. “I know Mother. I will be.” She pulled him close as she lifted him into her arms and looked into his blue eyes. Tom couldn’t help but smile and grasped her around her neck, hugging her tight. She hugged him back as she carried him down the hallway to his room and laid him gently on the bed. After pulling the covers over his shoulders, she looked at him for a moment longer, leaned over, and kissed him on the forehead. He reached up and grabbed her around the neck again. Holding her tight he said, “I love you mamma.” 
She squeezed him. “And I love you, Tom.”
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
 “Tom, it’s time to go to your new home,” Mother said as she knelt on the floor in front of him. She smiled. The sunlight from the open door gleamed on the marble floor. He rubbed his eyes, trying to stop the tears that blurred the image of his mother, kneeling in front of him. She leaned in and held him close. “I know it will be hard.” He couldn’t help but tremble as he thought about leaving his home and his mother. His mother kissed him on the forehead then held his shoulders and looked him in the eye. “Remember that your father and I expect you to be strong while we’re apart.” He could feel the strength in her as she pulled him closer. “You’re very special. Don’t be afraid. We’ll come for you.” He bit his lip to stop the quivering as his mother smiled at him. He smiled back and clasped the toy soldier closer to him.
The driver, Theo, came through the door and grabbed the suitcases next to Tom. Theo started for the car and Tom grabbed his mother’s arm letting the toy soldier fall to the ground. His mother picked up the toy and handed it back. “You’ll need him to keep you safe while we’re gone.” She held him tight and said, “You must understand that we love you very much.” She clenched her jaw for a second then continued, “We have... it’s too dangerous to keep you here.” She stood, and taking his hand they walked toward the car.
At the car Mother leaned down to him and whispered into his ear, “It’s very important that you wait at your new home until you’re sent for.” They continued to the car where she opened the door. He clung to her a moment longer then slowly climbed into the car. 
He looked back at her. “I... I understand, Mamma.” He didn’t know if he really could be strong, but he would try. 
She kissed him. “Remember we love you so much and we’ll come and get you soon.”
Another car sped toward them and fear flashed across her face as she slammed the door. “Go!” Theo jumped into the car, and the car lurched forward. Tom heard gravel spit from the tires as the car roared away. 
He whirled and peered out the back window. “Mama!” he cried. Then Tom’s mouth dropped open when red flames shot from his mother’s hands toward the incoming car. He knew that his mother belonged to the sisterhood but had never before seen her use her magic before. He could no longer hold back the tears, and they poured down his face. The car swerved. He flew against the door and hit his head.
“Tom, buckle up!” Theo yelled.
Tom straightened, grabbed the buckle and struggled to strap it around his waist as the car swerved from side to side. As the car sped forward, Tom heard gun shots from behind. Again he searched out the back window but saw no cars. He sat back down and secured his seat belt. He wiped the tears from his eyes and leaned against the side of the car and soon fell asleep.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Tom jerked awake when his seat belt tightened sharply across his lap. The car jumped. He looked in the rearview mirror and saw fear in Theo’s eyes. “Stay down,” Theo said. 
Tom squirmed around and peeked over the back seat and out the rear window. A black car raced towards them. He put his head in his lap and tried to stay low. Loud bangs went off from outside the car and something that sounded like a hundred tiny rocks hit the car. The back window exploded. Tom screamed as tiny pieces of glass bit the back of his neck. He cried out, “Mamma, I want my mamma.” 
“You’re ok. Stay down,” Theo yelled. Tom tried to get lower. He squeezed his eyes shut and hoped that he’d wake up soon. Another loud bang came from outside the car. Theo shrieked. Tom looked up and saw Theo slumped over the steering wheel. His black hair was matted and red. The car screeched. The seat belt knocked the wind out of him, and the world began to spin. Tom screamed as the side window exploded, and the door handle jabbed into his side. His head slammed into the door and everything went foggy.
 Silence. Crunch of gravel. 
Please don’t see me. A tingling in his gut. 
A face appeared, looked straight at him then disappeared. A strange voice, “Everyone’s dead here.”  
Why didn’t he see me? Then Tom slid into blackness. 
   

Chapter 1:
  
 “We’re going to get you, Tom,” the older boy yelled from down the hall. Tom pumped his legs faster, as he rounded the corner. Their laughter and pounding feet gained as he searched for a place to hide. His hand shoved the bathroom door open as he ducked in and ran to the farthest stall closing it tight behind him. The color drained from his face as the bathroom door banged open. Loud footsteps approached the stalls. He hugged his legs to his chest and held his breath.
“We know you’re in here,” Jacob said.
“Yeah and we know you’re hiding in one of the stalls,” Peanut taunted in a squeaky voice. The boys crept closer and Tom knew that he would have to do something quick. He searched desperately for a place to hide as his heart thumped louder and louder. 
The first stall door slammed open. “You might as well come out and get your beating or it’ll be twice as bad for you,” Jacob said. Tom’s heart raced and his knees shook so badly he feared they would hear them. Slam! The door next to his made a horrible sound as it banged into the wall. 
He jumped as the stall door crashed open in front of him. Jacob grabbed him with his meaty hands and pulled him off the toilet while Peanut snickered. Jacob’s blond hair hung limply around his round face. His pug nose and big ears forced whoever looked at him to think of a pig while his round belly just reinforced the image. Peanut on the other hand looked like a mouse with his scraggly brown hair and pointed features. He was about half the size of Jacob and Peanut squirmed behind his pal, trying to see the action past Jacob’s over stuffed clothes. 
Jacob forced Tom to face the toilet and said, “I told you that it would be worse for you if you didn’t come out.” Sharp pain pierced Tom’s neck and arm as Jacob pushed his head closer to the toilet. Tom gagged from the stench. He kicked out and managed to hit the door so hard that it swung back, and banged Jacob in the shoulder. Jacob only laughed as he slammed Tom’s head down onto the toilet seat. “Don’t you get wild now,” Jacob insisted. 
Laughter erupted from Peanut as the blood ran down Tom’s face. Jacob lifted the toilet seat and Tom strained to hold his head as far back as possible. His arm buckled. He clenched his mouth and eyes just before his head plunged into the dirty water. After a few seconds Jacob allowed him to lift his head and gulp for air. And each time Peanut’s laughter filled his ears. Jacob finally stepped back and allowed Tom to fall to the floor. He lay there coughing and gasping. A little ways off, a door squeaked as Jacob and Peanut left, laughing loudly. 
Tom caught his breath, struggled to his feet, and walked to a small sink where he methodically washed his face and hands. The bleeding had stopped but a giant goose egg took shape on his forehead. Tears formed but he gripped the sink and pushed them back. He lowered his head, closed his eyes, and forced the pain to go away. The image that appeared in the cracked mirror trembled with anger. What have you become? How can you call yourself an Alerio? 
He sank to his knees wishing Thaddeus hadn’t left him. Thaddeus had been the headmaster when Tom had first arrived at the orphanage, nearly eight years ago. He would have never allowed Tom to suffer so much from the other boys. Jacob and Peanut were the cruelest. They encouraged the other boys to taunt and ridicule him on a daily basis and even beat him since Mr. Aldofo took over. He had been Thaddeus’s assistant until Thaddeus died un-expectantly. 
Mr. Aldofo had had it out for Tom ever since Tom had overheard Mr. Aldofo scheming with a woman to sell boys to her. Tom had reported the incident to Thaddeus immediately. Of course Mr. Aldofo had denied the accusations but Thaddeus had told him he had one week to get his things in order and leave. A couple of days after the argument, Thaddeus had become sick and died. After Mr. Aldofo’s promotion to headmaster things had changed quickly. Jacob and Peanut were soon allowed to do pretty much anything they wanted with no consequences. The other boys quickly learned not to stick up for, or even befriend those who the cronies beat on. Anyone who did, would be next in line for a beating or, worse still, be sold to the witches.
Tom escaped from the orphanage many times, finding it easy to climb out the window and down the tree next to the roof, but he always returned. He worried that if he left, his mother, or who ever she had promised to send, would be unable to find him. Besides he figured that at least here he had food and shelter. He’d heard stories of boys that lived on the street, and he didn’t want that. Another advantage to staying was the education Tom received. Mr. Aldofo always complained about the money spent on educating the worthless boys, but he knew they brought a better profit educated than non-educated boys. So, expense not withstanding , instruction continued. Often Tom crawled into a corner and dreamed of better times when his mother hugged him and made all the pain go away or of walks in the forest with his father. At his lowest points, he would hold onto the soft eyes of his mother and the strong smile of his father and know that they had always believed in him. 
On one of these dark days, Tom walked to the black fence that surrounded the orphanage thinking of the time his father and he walked through the forest next to his home. His father had stopped and pointed to a rotting tree. “See that tree.”
Tom gazed at the tree and nodded.
“What do you see?” his father asked.
“A dead tree.”
His dad smiled and tipped Tom’s head up until he saw a nest near the top. “To you it might be just a dead tree but to the robin it’s a home.” He then turned Tom toward him and said, “You can look for the good or the evil in this world and whichever you look for, you’ll find.” Such memories Tom closed up in his heart and never forgot. Still on such miserable days as today it was hard to believe the lesson his father had taught so many years ago. 
“Why haven’t you come for me?” he whispered as he stared at the angry face in the bathroom mirror. There’s no good. I’ve looked and looked for it but there’s no good here. Tom strode out of the bathroom down the stairs and out the front door. No one tried to stop him. He followed the front walk as far as the gate then turned right to follow the iron fence. At last he stopped and hidden by overgrown lilacs he wrapped his hands around the cold iron bars that kept him in this world of pain. He glared through the bars. Maybe it’s time for me to escape this place. I’m tired of waiting. After eight years maybe something’s happened to them, maybe I need to find them. 
The sound of a door rapping shut brought Tom out of his thoughts and he looked up to see an old man come out of a building that stood across the street. Tom warily stepped back from the fence as the man slowly walked across the street. “Tom?” the man asked. Tom's jaw went slack and he cautiously nodded his head. “This is for you,” said the old man, as he pushed an envelope through the fence and smiled reassuringly. Tom hesitated looking at the envelope in the wrinkled hand of the man. “It’s okay,” the man said. 
Tom stepped forward, slowly reached out and took the envelope. The man turned and hurried back across the street, disappearing into the building once again. Tom stood alone with the envelope limply in his hand. The letter wavered like a leaf in a gentle breeze as he held it gingerly between his thumb and forefinger. Could it be from them? He turned it over slowly and saw his name printed neatly across the seal. He stared at his name for a moment longer before sliding his finger under the seal and opened the letter. The letter contained a single sheet of paper. 


Tom, 
In one week you need to leave the orphanage. Follow the adjacent street until you come to the first alleyway. Follow it to the end. At the end you will meet two men at midnight. They will present themselves to you and you will then need to decide which of the two you will follow. This choice is yours and yours alone. Once you have made the choice it can not be undone without consequences.


Tom flipped the paper over then back, finding no signature he put the note back into the envelope and walked back to the orphanage in a fog. When he arrived late to supper no one noticed. He finished his potato soup and then went to bed were he read the note several more times before putting it up. The bed seemed especially hard that night as Tom twisted and turned before finally drifting off to sleep just before dawn and dreamed of dark alleys and old men.
The early sunlight shined through the window onto Tom’s face waking him from dreams. His eyes opened with a flurry and he jumped out of bed landing on the cold, concrete floor. The room lacked the usual bustle and hustle of the morning and Tom realized that most of the other boys had already dressed and were heading to breakfast. He ran to the bathroom. After throwing water into his face and hair trying to get his curly hair to have some order, he pulled his shirt on. He tucked it in as he ran down the hall toward the cafeteria. 
Dressed and finished with breakfast he started on his chores. He got the mop bucket and filled it with warm water dumping the exact amount of soap in. Mopping was job Tom enjoyed. It took him far away from the other boys. The water sloshed in the bucket as he hurried to the entryway of the orphanage. One hand held the bucket while the other held a mop slung over his shoulder. Once he reached the entryway he sat the bucket down and sloshed the mop into it. The mop looked like a rag doll as it whipped across the floor turning the once dull tile shiny. 
On that particular morning, as he mopped and watched the shine return to the tile, the door of the orphanage opened, admitting a strange couple. A woman wearing a long black robe entered first. Followed closely behind by a large man with a jagged scar running from one side of his face to the other. Tom watched as the two walked swiftly toward the headmaster’s office and not bothering to knock, entered.
Tom heard the scrape of a chair then, “What are you...” the headmaster started which quickly turned to gurgling sounds as he gasped for air. 
“Don’t talk to me in that tone, dog,” the woman’s voice said.
“I... I’m sorry,” the headmaster gasped.
“We need another boy. Now,” the woman said.
The headmaster came out of the office, red faced and in a hurry. Tom slunk back into the corner and sighed with relief as the headmaster hurried up the stairs toward the dorms. Within a few minutes he returned with a younger boy in tow. Tom’s heart sank as he watched the boy dragged into the office where the witch waited.  
“This... This is a good boy,” the headmaster said. 
The woman didn’t respond immediately and Tom pressed himself tighter into his corner. At last she said, “He will do.” Tom relaxed slightly but still huddled in the shadows.
“Our usual arrangement will be made, remember you never saw me, and I’ll let you live,” she said.
“I’d never tell the counsel about you and… and your sisters,” the headmaster whispered. 
A laugh from the room made Tom’s skin crawl. “You wouldn’t dare. You’re just a dog licking at my feet.” The woman and man, dragging the crying boy, left the office and orphanage as quickly as they had come. 
Tom heard a sigh from the office. Then the door closed with a bang. He waited a moment longer then went carefully back to work on the floor. After he finished his chores he hurried to class. But no matter how hard he tried to pay attention to his lessons, the fear on the boy’s face haunted him. He wished desperately that he had the strength to stop the witch and her henchy.
The remainder of the week went like any other week with Tom studying, doing chores and getting picked on. Six days had passed since he'd received the letter. The constant reading and rereading of the note showed on the letter through smudges and worn edges. The whole experience seemed like a dream but the note constantly reminded him that the old man was real. Tom read the note one last time searching for any hidden meaning. Then he refolded it, pushed it carefully into its envelope and stuck it under his pillow. He turned off his light and pressed his face into the pillow. Tomorrow would bring answers. Finally he slept. 
Tom awoke the next morning, sweating from a dream. He only remembered bits and pieces of the terrifying nightmare, but what he remembered made shivers run up and down his back and the tiny hairs on the back of his neck stand on end. A horned beast sitting on a burnt tree dominated the dream. Wasted land stretched out around the horned beast in all directions. In the distance a cloud rose up like a giant mushroom siloeting the beast on its dead perch. The cloud started as an angry fiery glow on the ground, and as it rose high above the beast, it turned to a bright white cloud as if to mock the minor clouds around it. It hung there ominous and dreadfully, just as the dream clung to Tom.
The memory of the dream only passed away as his hand touched the note inside his pocket. Tonight he would meet the two men. Both worry and excitement caused his stomach to churn in anticipation both from the worry and excitement of what the night might bring; hoping his life would change but fearing what it would change to. 
Chapter 2:

Tom showered, ate and went about his day as normally as possible. However, Instead of focusing on his work, his mind frequently wandered to the note. This of course got him several additional punishments in the form of extra chores and slaps across his knuckles with a ruler. One particularly boring class Tom reached into his pocket fearing again that the note would be gone. And at its touch his mind once again wandered to the old man. His teacher brought his attention back to class with a rap on his desk with a long pointer stick. Tom jumped. The class erupted with laughter. He really didn’t mind, though, as he held the note between his finger and thumb. The note was still there. As the teacher walked away he got lost in his thoughts again. What did it mean that he would need to choose who to follow? How would he know which one to choose and why did he need to? Why me? What’s so important about me? 
The day dragged on as Tom watched the clocks, waiting for night to come. When bed time finally did come he ran up the stairs to the bathroom where he washed his face, brushed his teeth and climbed into bed fully clothed. A sigh of relief blew out his mouth as he looked out the window. The clouds covered the moon making the night exceptionally more dark than usual. Tom lay quietly in his bed taking care not to disturb any of the other boys, as the time slowly passed. In spite of everything, Tom nodded off.
Tom jerked awake. Oh no, what time is it? Have I slept too long? He jumped out of bed and looked for the time. The clock on the wall read 11:30.  After slowly opening the window and pulling himself onto the ledge outside, he walked along the roof’s edge until he reached the large tree whose limbs stretched over the roof. Tom grasped the branches extending to the roof and inched his way down to the ground below. His heart raced as he reached the yard and ran across the thick grass to the fence. He scaled the fence quickly and swung his legs over the top dropping to the other side with a thud. Excitement filled him. Well here goes nothing, he thought.
Sweat trickled down his face as he made his way down the street, imagining all sorts of monsters in the dark shadows.  He jumped as a cat ran across the street in front of him. The cat disappeared into the shadows and Tom wiped the sweat slowly from his face and waited while his heart slow a beat or two. At the head of the street, the dark alleyway opened up in front of him like a giant mouth. Tom stopped. He scanned the alleyway apprehensively. What awaited him in the shadows. Cautiously he edged his way down the alley. His heart felt like it would explode out of his chest at any moment. Suddenly the clouds parted and the alley glittered strangely. Tom stopped. Breath tight in his lungs he carefully gazed around him. Then he knew what it was. All around him the ground looked more like a sky than earth as the moonlight reflected off broken glass strewn across it like thousands of twinkling stars. For a moment he stood in amazement before the clouds slid back over the moon and dull darkness and with it fear. Who waited for him in the darkness? What if someone kidnapped him and his life would become an even worse hell than before? What if the witch who took the kid from the orphanage the other day needed another slave? Maybe she had seen him and waited for him. What if... and then he saw them. 	 
The two men stood in front of him appearing out of nowhere. One looked young and handsome, his clothes brightly decorated with a cloak that floated to and fro in the cool fall breeze. His jewelry sparkled in the dim light. The other man, hunched and wrinkled, wore a simple black robe. His only jewel, a  red rose hung from a chain around his neck. Tom looked at the rose trying to remember where he had seen it before… 
“Hello Tom,” the younger man said, and stepped toward him. The young man’s voice sounding clear and strong, eased the tension that had built up in Tom’s neck and shoulders. He walked a few steps closer. “It’s now time for you to decide which of us you will choose to follow.” 
The old man remained motionless and Tom felt his eyes study him as if he could see into his soul. Tom had the distinct feeling that he would have to choose correctly tonight and that that choice could decide the fate of millions. No longer able to bear the old man’s gaze, Tom looked away. Doubt welled up inside him. How could he make the right decision? 
The young man glanced at the old man and said, “That decision is yours, and yours alone.” He turned back to Tom. “For this one, as you can see, time has come and gone. We must begin a new age in which the world can progress and grow strong.” He shrugged. “The old ones have brought us much wisdom but it’s now time for action.” He smirked. “As you well know their customs and rules have brought you much pain.”
Tom rubbed his knuckles absently. He then glanced at the still motionless old man. He already looked dead.  The young man, on the other hand, filled the alley with a life and energy that invigorated Tom, bringing him a new sense of purpose and meaning. The young man opened his arms wide. “This new world and age will bring much harmony and peace, and there’ll be new laws ... or ways that will make everyone happy. This new world will be one that will help and encourage people to be... good. There will no longer be bullies or even orphanages for that matter.”
Tom’s heart beat fast as he listened to the young man, and he couldn’t help but smile. As he spoke a vision wove through times mind of this new world in which he would be happy. This new world would be filled with only joy: no more pain, no more headmasters and no more Jacobs.
The young man’s voice grew in power and he pointed at Tom. “This new age will need a leader who’ll show forth his might and power. It’ll need a strong leader, who can even command the earth to do his bidding. The very elements will rise up to follow his every command. That leader will have armies at his command and he’ll be able to convince others of his greatness.” 
The young man folded his arms and spoke softly, “Tom, that leader will be you. You need to follow me,” he said putting his hand on Tom’s shoulder. “I will be the friend you’ve longed for.”
Tom smiled and looked beyond him at the old man who stood in the shadows. This choice doesn’t seem like a choice at all. The old man did not step forward or offer an opposing argument. 
Right before the old faded into the cool, dark night, Tom saw tears in his eyes and a soft smile. The young man half turned toward the place the old man had been. “The old has made way for the new,” he said. He turned back to Tom, smiling. “You’ve chosen wisely tonight.” The young man passed his hand in front of Tom’s face and Tom’s eyes closed.
~~~~~~
Tom woke the next morning in his bed holding his shoulder where the young man had touched him. Did I just dream everything? After thinking about the dream for a minute longer he snorted. Me a leader. That’s a good one. He shook his head to clear the dream from his mind, trying not to feel more alone than before he climbed out of bed and slowly dressed. Just as he started to leave the room Jacob and Peanut walked in. Jacob headed toward him with a smirk spread across his fat face and said, “So, there you are. I hope that you had fun last night. The headmaster is coming, and I made sure he heard about your great escape.” 
“What do you mean? I didn’t leave last night.” Had he chosen? Had he really gone out last night? Tom grinned.
Jacob frowned. “Yea, right. I don’t think any lame excuse you make is going to work.” Tom looked up at Jacob and backed away. Jacob continued straight for him. The smile returned.  
“Come with me, now. There’s someone here to see you,” the headmaster said from outside the door. Tom sighed and hurried past Jacob.  His relief soon turned to concern as he realized he'd probably just escaped from one very hot situation and landed in an even hotter one. The headmaster wrung his hands and muttered under his breath several times as he led Tom to his office. Tom’s heart beat faster and faster as they turned down the hallway toward the stairs. They started down the stairs and Tom slowed his pace slightly. Is the witch back? 
The headmaster turned and scowled at Tom. “Hurry up.” They finished descending the stairs and turned another corner. A man and woman stood outside the headmaster’s office. The headmaster rushed forward. “Here he is. I told you he was just fine. Not a hair misplaced.” He smiled nervously. “No marks. Nothing at all,” he added quickly as he pulled Tom in front of him. 
The woman looked over Tom. “We’ll see about that,” she said. Tom’s jaw dropped as he gazed at the woman. She had long, black hair that flowed down her back framing her perfect face. She wore a form fitting blouse and tight skirt that went to the middle of her knees. Her black dress shoes accented the crisscross stockings she wore. “We’ve traveled a long distance and are ready to leave.” She turned and started walking toward the front door. “Get his things. We must be off,” she said without looking over her shoulder.
The headmaster wrung his hands nervously. “You, you can’t just come here demanding to see one of my beloved children and... and,” the headmaster stopped.
The woman turned slowly around. Her eyes pierced the headmaster. “John, should we pay the good man for all his trouble, or should we just take the boy?”
John put one hand to his chin. The other hand rested on a pistol at his side, and smiled wryly. “Do you think Archelaus will mind?” 
The headmaster took a step back. “I’m just a poor headmaster, trying to help out these unfortunate boys.” 
John dropped his hand to the hilt of his sword on his other side. “I know what you are.” 
The woman sneered. “John, just pay the man. His day will come soon enough.” and then left. The headmaster started to say something as he looked at the back of the woman then stopped when he saw the money in John’s hand. John counted out several bills, stopped, looked at the headmaster, and then put a couple back. He walked up to the headmaster and handed the bills to him. He beckoned for Tom to follow and turned after the woman. As he greedily counted the bills, the headmaster didn’t even notice Tom walk after John toward the door. Tom trotted after John with out a backward glance, I guess that’s that, and he pushed open the front door for the last time.
Chapter 3:

Tom felt both excited and anxious about the new adventure and life that lay ahead of him. He stepped out into the snowy day, tasting his newfound freedom, and walked down the steps holding his hands out to catch a falling snowflake. He stopped and gazed at his hand and the snowflake suspended above it. As he scanned the lot his jaw dropped. All the snowflakes hung in midair. Not only the snowflakes stood motionless, but everything appeared to have stopped in mid motion. John’s breath hung like a cloud in front of his mouth. The woman’s hair hung in mid sway. He tried to walk but his arms and legs would not budge. His heart beat faster and his palms began to sweat. What’s going on? What’s happened to me? A man, not much taller than him, approached.  He had on a dark suit and black cloak with a red dragon emblazoned upon it. He held a jagged long sword in one hand and a curved knife in the other. Tom struggled to move. A sinister smile spread across the man’s face as he drew closer. His mind screamed, Move! Run! Do something! 
The sun glittered off the individual snow crystals that now hung all around him. He could smell the smoke standing in the air from the orphanage chimneys. He could even hear his own heart beating faster and faster as the man drew nearer. The man slowed and the sinister grin grew wider, revealing yellow and broken teeth. Now in striking distance, the sword started its short descent toward his chest. The blade descended closer and closer and still his body refused to respond to his screaming mind. When it had nearly finished its descent Tom thought, It’s strange to have my new adventure end so soon after beginning. 
A bolt of light hit the man, throwing him to the side like a child’s toy. The smell of melting flesh filled Tom's nose and the man’s screams filled his ears. Once again snow flakes traversed their normal course from sky to ground. Tom’s body again responded to the commands of his screaming mind. He searched wildly for a place to hide as other men entered the courtyard. John moved in front of Tom and stood like a fortress with his pistol and long sword drawn. The woman stood next to a car, hair flying all around her as she chanted and swayed rhythmically, just as his mother had moved the night he had last seen her.  
Another attacker, the red dragon on his cloak flying as he ran, charged Tom with a huge axe pitted and gashed from past battles. Above his scarred face a helmet with blood red hair trailing out the top capped his head. The large shield he carried had the same dragon emblazoned upon it. John stepped between them, and the attacker jerked an instant before a pistol sounded. Yet another man appeared next to John, sword flailing. John twisted, maneuvering behind the man, and thrust his sword into the attackers lower back. The man’s sword dropped and John pushed him away with his pistoled hand. Shock crossed the man’s face as he fell. Before he even hit the ground John was already searching for new threats. Black smoke filled the air as John’s pistol shot once again reverberated off the orphanage. 
A second later a man’s scream filled Tom’s mind. Tom jumped as a yellow ball of fire exploded from the woman’s hands. The fire ball flew toward two men, giving them no time to react. An explosion engulfed them both in flames. The men screamed in agony as they rolled around on the ground. Tom stared open mouthed at the woman by the car. Her face clouded in mystery as she started to chant and sway once again. 
John shouted. What did he say? Tom thought. Explosions and screams roared around Tom making it impossible for him to think. What’s happening? John shoved Tom toward the car snapping him from his hypnotic state. Suddenly Tom awoke to men moving in around them. 
John pushed him once again. “Run for the car. Now!” He screamed.
Tom came to his senses enough to stumble toward the car. As he glanced over his shoulder he saw the door to the orphanage open. He stopped, wondering who would be stupid enough to come out into this mayhem. The headmaster stepped out, armed with a shotgun. He shrank when he saw the chaos around the orphanage, and head cranking from flying swords to light and fire spitting from the woman’s hands. His face went white and he lowered the weapon. Frantically he scrambled to return to the safety of the orphanage but before he could reach the door a bullet hit him. He went down with a thud. 
John pushed Tom yet again. “Tom, move!” As Tom reached the car, he saw perspiration and blood on the woman’s face. Her eyes were no longer blue, but had turned to a swirling dark gray. She leaned on the car for support. John threw Tom into the car with one hand while firing his gun with the other. He then helped the woman in and yelled at the driver to go. The car started with a lurch as John jumped in and slammed the door closed behind him. 
Crumpled on the car floor Tom looked up at the woman slumped against the door. She looked back and studied him for a moment. “I hope you’re worth it,” she muttered.
John smiled and said, “Nice to meet you, Tom. I’m John and this is Kristiana.” The car rumbled down the graveled road and Tom dragged himself on to the seat facing Kristiana. John wiped at the blood that ran down his face with the rag Kristiana handed to him. “Thanks, Kris.” Then looked at Tom. “Are you hurt? He looked Tom over then said, “You look fine.”
The adrenaline wore off and Tom shook as he realized how close to death he had come. He struggled to speak, “W-w-w-who are you?” 
Laughing slightly Kristiana looked at John, then back to Tom. “Why, we’re your new family.” Kristiana closed her eyes and fell asleep. John, on the other hand, stayed attentive as he reloaded his gun and cleaned his sword. Tom watched him clean the blade, wondering where they were headed and if he had really made the right choice last night.




Chapter 4:

The spacious car never slowed as it swung around corners and up hills. The driver sat in front separated from them in the back by a thick wall of black glass. A fridge filled with drinks sat between the bench seats they sat on. Tom sat alone on one bench that faced Kristiana and John. The cushions felt like giant pillows of air as he looked through the dark windows and wondered at the changing landscape that flew by. 
John pointed to the fridge, “You can have a drink if you’re thirsty.” Tom opened the small fridge staring at the strange bottles. Slowly he selected a bottle filled with amber liquid. John noticed his hesitation and grabbed the bottle from him. With a quick jerk of his knife he popped the lid off and handed the bottle back to Tom. Tom tilted the bottle up and the cold liquid ran down his throat. He smiled and then drank greedily. Tom finished the drink then looked up at John. “Where’re we going?”
 John stopped sharpening his blade. “We’re going to the mansion of Archelaus. You’ll go to school there and learn how to fight.” 
Tom looked out the window and saw that the trees were different and that it no longer snowed. The sun shone warmly on his face. He looked back at John. “Is Archelaus a good man?”
John looked down for a second then back to Tom. “You’ll have little to worry about. He’s a rich man and he has much power.”
Tom’s eyebrows wrinkled. He decided he wouldn’t get any other answer, so he asked instead, “Who were those men at the orphanage?”
John put the sword and whetstone down and rubbed his legs. “They belong to the Red Dragon Clan.” He leaned forward and put his hand on Tom’s knee. “Kris and I are here to protect you. You don’t need to worry about them.” He leaned back and started to sharpen his sword again. Tom sat back in the seat and looked out the window again. The fear ebbed and was replaced with exhaustion. His breathing slowed and came deeper as he fell into a deep sleep.  
Tom dreamed. Tom sat on green grass that surrounded a small pond. A light breeze cooled his skin and the smell of spring reminded him of home. Beyond the small meadow  aspens, whose leaves rustled in the warm breeze, stood guard shutting out the rest of the world. A fawn with its mother drank peacefully from the pond while the fish jumped lazily at the insects who dared lite on the pond's surface. Birds sang and swooped through the air around the pond  while the sun slowly made its way across the meadow and began to set. The sun hung just above the trees their shadows were cast across the small meadow. 
The meadow suddenly fell quiet. Tom’s heart raced and his breath quickened. To his horror the pond turned red and the trees charred to black. The grass once spotted with white flowers was now gone, replaced by hard, black earth cracked and scorched from heat. He looked up and saw only blackness. The howling wind rushed through the lifeless limbs of the trees bringing a bitter chill with it. A man’s shadow crept slowly across the dead meadow toward Tom. A dreadful howl chilled him to the center of his bones. Shaking uncontrollably he cried out for help. 
Someone grabbed his arms. He tried to run, but his legs were stuck. He looked down and saw that they had become part of the ground. He screamed again, hoping that someone could save him from this nightmare. He heard his name and felt someone shake him, but couldn’t see anyone. Tom watched as his legs slowly turned to hard, cold, earth. “Tom, wake up.” The voice sounded so far away. He tried desperately to focus on the voice as the earth quickened its climb up his body. The voice came again this time much closer, just outside the clearing. 
The ground climbed past his midsection ascending rapidly to his chest. His mind screamed at him to do something, anything, but he stood frozen unable to act. The voice came again, this time right next to him, chanting strange words. Tom struggled to breathe as the earth moved up his chest to his throat. Then a light appeared around him and the earth ran off him like water. Tom turned to face the one who had saved him. The face seemed familiar, but as hard as he tried he could not tell where he had seen the person before. Just as recognition dawned the dream fled as someone shook him awake. “Tom, Tom, are you ok?” John asked. 
Even though he had escaped the dream his body still trembled and a cold sweat streamed down his face. Tom opened his eyes, sat up and grabbed his legs. A sigh of relief escaped his lips as he sat back on the bench. It was just a dream, Tom.  
“Its ok, you were just dreaming,” John said. A peace came over Tom as he saw for the first time in many years compassion directed to him. “You can tell me about the dream,” John said.
 “It was just a dream about a meadow. I can’t remember,” Tom said. 
John looked concerned as he looked over at Kristiana. Kristiana leaned forward and said, “It’s important that you remember your dreams.” She leaned closer to Tom. “It’s ok. You can tell us about it. We’re just worried about you and want to help.” Tom looked into Kristiana’s blue eyes and a peculiar sensation came over him. He told her about the beautiful meadow and how he had felt so much peace there, more than any other place in his life. How it had suddenly gotten dark and everything seemed to be burned. How the dark shadow appeared. He rubbed his legs as he told her about his body turning to dirt. He started to tell her about the whispering voice but couldn’t. He tried again with no success.  
“Tom, is that all you saw?” Kristiana asked. 
Tom looked into the mesmerizing eyes a split second longer then looked out the window. “Yeah, that’s all.” 
Kristiana pulled on Tom’s shoulder. “It’s very important that you tell me everything.” He looked back at her not knowing what to say. The car stopped. Tom fell back hard against the seat and shook his head as if coming out of a daze. Kristiana smiled at him and said, “You just had a nightmare, nothing more.” 
I’m not so sure about that. It felt so real. 
John opened the door and got out of the car. Tom stepped out beside him. The dream left as he faced a new wonder, a building more grand than any he had ever seen. Tom stared at the mansion. “This place is huge!” 
John grinned at Tom. “Let’s go. Time to see your new home.” They walked up the stone steps that led to the open double doors. Two men stood in front of the doors. They wore high boots and black suits. One had a huge axe strapped to his back while the other looked to be unarmed. They stood with their backs to the wall and looked off into space not making any sign that they saw them approach. 
Tom stopped and looked at the graveled driveway circling around a fountain. Water streamed down around a granite ball with a maiden holding a bow standing on it. Water splashed into the pond beneath. John beckoned. “This way.” Tom ran up the stairs to catch up with John and Kristiana. A huge balcony overlooked the stairs. Granite as smooth as glass formed a railing that encircled the balcony. Two flags, stuck into the side of the balcony, waved softly on the breeze. The flags were white with a golden crown above two crossed swords in their centers.  Four gray, granite pillars held the balcony up. At the top of the steps sat two roaring lions carved from marble. 
As they passed the lions, a sudden nervous chill reminded him that he had better be on his best behavior.  Tom looked closer at the lions and their eyes appeared to study him intently. He hurried past, sure their eyes saw right through him, into his very soul. The guards paid him little heed, and he entered through the double doors into the entryway. His feet slid on the black marble. The walls were painted a soft hue of blue and adorned with paintings. Tom studied the paintings, I wonder who they are? To the right and left two huge sitting rooms were filled with furniture painted gold and thickly padded. Before him a staircase led up ten feet then split only to join again at a landing above. 
Tom stopped and smiled at a painting of the young man he had met in the alley. The man wore a white suit and a crown that looked similar to the one on the flags outside. Tom pointed at the picture and asked, “Who’s that?” 
Kristiana looked up at the painting and with a small smile, replied, “That’s Archelaus.”  She bounded up the stairs. 
John looked at the painting. “You must remember one rule if you wish to survive this house. What he tells you to do, you do, no questions, no ifs, ands, or buts. Just do it,” John said. Tom nodded and started up the stairs but stopped when John grabbed his shoulder. He turned and John pointed to one of the side rooms. “This way.” Tom stepped off the staircase looked over his shoulder one last time at the painting of Archelaus and then followed John into a sitting room to the right of the entrance. They approached an oak door which swung open on its own when they were within a few feet of it. Tom jumped back and John snickered. Tom blushed and looked at the ground. John looked over at him and hit him in the shoulder. “Don’t worry about it. It catches all the new comers off guard.”
The two went through the door and down a long hallway lined with oak doors. They passed ten doors before coming to a door at the end of the hallway. This house must be huge! John motioned for Tom to enter. Tom opened the heavy oak door and looked inside. A man stood at a desk busily writing in a book. 
“Come in and close the door,” the man said in a brusque voice. He continued writing as Tom entered the large room. “Sit down.” Tom hurried to the only other chair in the room that sat in front of the large wooden desk and sat down. Papers were piled  in haphazard stacks all over the desk. “What’s your name?” 
“My name’s Tom, sir.”
“How old are you?”
“Thirteen, sir.”
The man scratched the answers down in his book without even glancing up. “When’s your birthday?”
“January first, sir.”
“You’ll be bunking with Cody in room 53. Make sure you check into the supply room before going up to your room.” He motioned for Tom to leave still not taking the time to look up. Tom stood and headed for the door. As he reached the door, it burst open and a man rushed in, almost knocking Tom to the ground. The man hurried up to the man at the desk and slammed a stack of papers on the desk. The man at the desk continued writing in his books as the newcomer stood impatiently in front of him. 
The newcomer leaned over, putting his hands on the desk to support his weight. “Hansen, we’ve a problem. There’s something wrong with our calculations. We need to meet tonight with the council.” He leaned in closer. “Hansen, are you listening to me?” 
Hansen finished writing a line or two then slowly looked up at the other man. “We’ll meet tonight at seven. Bring your calculations. We’ll go over them together and find the problem.” Almost as an after thought he added, “We’ll present it to them at eight.” With that the man named Hansen continued to write, heeding the other man no more. The man turned on his heels, his face red with anger as he pushed past Tom and out the door. Tom looked down at the papers and before Hansen could pull them away he read, “THE BOMB.” 
I wonder what a bomb is? John started into the hallway and motioned for Tom to follow. Tom followed not wanting to get lost in the massive mansion “What does Bomb mean?”
John stopped. “Where did you hear about that?”
Tom wrenched his hands. “I saw it on Hansen’s desk.”
John looked back at the room briefly then continued down the hall. “I’m not sure, but you don’t need to worry about it.” John said then changed the subject. “So, who are you going to be bunking with?” John asked.
“Someone named Cody, in room 53. Hansen said that I need to stop at the supply room before going to my room.”
“I’ll take you to the supply room first and then I’ll introduce you to Cody. You’ll love bunking with him. Archelaus must think you’re pretty special to bunk you with the student at the top of the class.” 
“So, is this some sort of school or what is this place exactly?”
“This is both a school and a base of operations. This is where you’ll train to protect yourself and learn how to be a good citizen for the new order.” John paused and turned toward Tom. “This is a good place for you right now. Work hard, learn all you can and follow the rules.” John looked at Tom for a few more moments then started walking again. 
Thoughts and questions started to run through Tom’s mind. I hope Cody’s nicer than Jacob. I hope the classes aren’t as boring as the ones at the orphanage. I can’t believe that guy in the alley is real. I hope he’s as kind as Thaddeus. “Is Archelaus kind?” Tom suddenly asked.
John’s eyes clouded. “Archelaus is Archelaus. You’ll need to make up your own mind as to what he is. If you do as you’re told, you’ll see him as a kind person but if not, well that’s a different matter entirely.”
He seems nice to me. I wonder why John is so concerned. They continued down the hall and through the huge oak door that opened on its own. Tom expected it this time and didn’t jump when it swung open. As they entered the next room, Tom heard more cars pull into the yard outside. He looked out the front doors and saw cars like the one he'd arrived in. Boys got out of the cars and headed up the steps. 
John quickened his pace crossing the foyer and into the next room. This room looked to be an exact duplicate of the last room with the same huge oak door, that opened on its own. When the door opened though, it opened into a large room that had dark wood flooring and a vaulted ceiling. A  fireplace at the back of the room looked as if it could fit an entire tree. John headed across the room and pushed a red velvet curtain aside that went from ceiling to floor. A door stood behind the curtain and John pulled it open. The door opened up to a large grassy area with several buildings on the opposite side of it. John went through the door and Tom followed. The door closed on its own with a thud. 
As they exited the building they passed by two more guards on either side of the door. A graveled path led toward another building as big as the main house but looked more like a box than a mansion. John pointed to the building. “Those are the dorms where you’ll be sleeping.” He pointed to another building to the west of the dorms and said, “That is the training building and that building over there,” he pointed to a third building, “is the school. You’ll not be allowed back into the main home unless specifically invited.” They reached the dorms where two more guards were stationed. One of them opened the door to John and saluted. John went through the door and once inside said, “I’ll take you to the supply room and then to your room. Watch where we go and how we get there. You need to learn to find your own way around.” 
Boys lounged around in the room talking with each other as they played chess or checkers. Some just sat on the big sofas and talked while others sat around a large fireplace where a fire roared. This must be the common room. Several doors led off in different directions while stairs led up. John started for the door that went to the right. A short hallway ended at a counter with a sign above it that read “Supplies.” 
John reached the counter and said, “Hi Sam, we’ve a new kid that just arrived today.”
Sam turned away from the supplies on a back shelf to the counter and said, “That’s the third one this week. Why you guys bringing so many in lately?”
“I’m not sure, to tell you the truth but if I did I probably wouldn’t be able to tell you anyway,” John said with a smile. 
The counter looked short when Sam stood up to it. His black hair filled with flecks of gray hung to just above his ears and he had a two tailed, braided beard that went to the middle of his chest. Sam studied Tom for about two minutes, turned and walked toward the back shelves. He looked at several tags on large bags before finding the one he liked and grabbed it. The bag thumped as Sam dropped it on the counter. He pulled out a clipboard and wrote down the numbers on the tag then handed the pen to Tom and said, “Sign here, son.”
 Tom took the pen and signed as Sam patted the bag. “This isn’t your stuff, it belongs to me. If there’s a problem report it as soon as possible. As you grow you must return the contents to get it traded for a larger set.” Sam’s voice sounded like a gruff teddy bear, kind but firm, making Tom feel safe. “Do you have any questions?” Sam asked.
Tom grabbed the bag. “No, sir.” Tom grunted as he lifted the bag off the counter and onto his shoulder. What’s in this? 
Sam snorted. “Looks like you need to spend more time lifting swords and less time studying books.” John winked and Tom smiled back at the older man. Sam turned to check on his inventory. “Tom, keep your nose clean and listen to your roomy. He’ll keep you out of trouble.”
“Thank you sir,” Tom said as he turned to follow John.
“See ya around,” John said and led the way back to the common room and the stairs. John headed up the stairs taking them two at a time while Tom struggled along behind weighed down by the large bag on his shoulder. When he finally got to the top of the stairs, he saw John heading to the fifth door on the right. He knocked and then opened the door without waiting for a reply. “Cody, we have your new roommate.” 
“It’s about time, what took so long? I’ve been stuck alone for nearly two weeks,” a boy from inside said. 
Tom looked past John and took in an average sized kid with a muscular build. Cody pushed past John and stuck his hand out. “Hi there, I’m Cody, your new roomy. How do you like the place?” 
Tom swallowed as he nervously wiped his hand on his pants then took Cody’s. “Hi, I’m Tom. It’s a nice place.”
Cody looked around in mock surprise, and then said, “Nice? Is that what you call this place, nice? You must have come from quite the place if you think that this place is just nice.” He laughed. “They had to drag me around for about a week when I first got here because of the enormity of the place. I looked like a little school kid going to school for the first time.” Tom turned red.
John just grinned and patted Tom on the shoulder as he walked past him toward the stairs. “Cody, you’re in charge of Tom for the time being. Make sure you teach him the rules and show him the ropes. For the first two weeks, if Tom messes up, it’s your hide that’ll pay.” 
Cody snapped to attention giving John an exaggerated salute and said, “yes sir, anything you say sir.” Cody hadn't held the pose for long before an explosion of laughter escaped his mouth and Tom couldn’t help but join in. John just shook his head and started to leave then stopped for a moment.
Oh no! Now I’ve done it.  
John put his hand on Tom’s shoulder. “The choices you make today effect your future but they don’t decide your end.” With that he left.
Cody looked after John for a minute. “So Tom, lets get down to business. First, I guess I better give you the run down of how things work around here. That’s your side of the room. If it doesn’t have a name engraved on it with blood then its fair game.” Tom looked around the room as Cody spoke. Cody continued, “There are room inspections weekly by Sam. He’s a stickler on the rules but if you follow them he’ll be the first one to back you up. We have school from seven in the morning until three in the afternoon. That means you need to be up and dressed by six thirty so that you can eat and get to class on time. Lights out at ten.” Cody counted off the rules with his fingers then looked up at Tom and asked, “By the way how old are you?” 
“I’m thirteen, sir,” Tom said. 
Cody broke into laughter again. “Ok, that’s another rule: don’t call me sir ever again.” He thought for a second. “Thirteen, hmmm, ok that means that after classes you’ll be trained in weapons and warfare. You’ll do that from four until seven and then you have free time until lights out.” Tom’s eyes widened. Cody put a reassuring hand on his shoulder and said, “Don’t worry too much about it, Tom. I’ll keep you on track until you get the hang of things.”
“Cody,” someone shouted from outside, “you better get out here quick.” 
Cody shrugged and he left the room. Tom sat the bag down on his bed. More loud shouts from below piqued Tom’s attention and he decided to follow after Cody. Cody took the stairs two at a time down to the common room and Tom hurried after him. By the time Tom reached the bottom of the stairs the common room was packed with boys and Cody pushed kids out of the way to get to the center of the ring that surrounded two boys. One of the boy’s head jerked back as the other boy’s fist slammed into it. The kid staggered, lost his balance nearly going down. The other boy came at him again slamming his fist into his face once more. This blow knocked the boy unconscious and he hit the ground with a thud. Cody, at last, made it to the center of the boys and jumped in front of the kid sprawled on the ground. Cody put out his hands to stop the much bigger boy.  “That’s enough Joe,” Cody yelled pushing him back. 
Joe looked like a demon with his red face filled with fury and blood dripping from his lip and knuckles. Joe stood at least a head taller and twice as wide as Cody but even in his fury Joe couldn’t push past Cody. Tom looked on in awe. That boy on the floor had better hope Joe can’t get by or he’s dead for sure, he thought.
Joe tried to push past Cody again. “Cody, he started it, I’m going to kill him.”  
“And you ended it, Joe.” Cody said simply. Cody pushed Joe back farther from the bleeding kid lying on the ground. Joe started to relax a little and his natural color gradually returned. Cody pointed to one of the boys in the mob and said, “Help Tim up and get him looked after. Joe may have really killed him this time,” Cody said. A kid helped the limp form up and with the help of two other kids they carried him up the stairs. Cody helped Joe sit down on the couch, and he sat across from him on the coffee table. He looked at the rest of the kids with a smile. “The shows over, everyone get back to whatever you were doing.” 
Tom decided that he'd probably better stop staring at Cody and get back to his bag and figure out what to do with the stuff, so he went up the stairs and to his room. The bag sat on his new bed like a huge present. I wonder what’s in it? Tom opened the bag excitedly and took the contents out one item at a time. There were enough changes of clothing for three days, toiletries, a book titled in bold letters “Rules of the House,” and another book titled “Skills and Crafts.” Tom sat on the edge of the bed staring at the two books one in each hand. Why me? What am I doing here? How did I get into this? He thought about the night that he had met Archelaus and the old man in the alley. It seemed like it had been so long ago. Archelaus seemed to radiate power from his very being. Why had the old man smiled at me in the end? Did he smile out of understanding or did he have a secret? Tom continued to think about the events of the past few days as he slowly sank down on his bed. He looked down at the items all around him. I can't believe I'm here. Did the man intend for me to be here? He shook his head to clear the memory so he could concentrate on the present.
He looked around the small room. At the head of the bed a pillow lay on top of a folded plain blanket. Tom rubbed his hand across the crown and crossed swords embroidered on the white pillowcase. The clothes from the emptied bag lay in a pile on the floor. Tom picked them up and refolded them then placed them in the dresser that sat next to the bed. He took the toiletries and placed them in a separate drawer. The two books he placed at a desk next to his dresser. Paper pads and pencils sat neatly arranged on top of the desk. Cody came in while he looked through the drawers in the desk.
“Don’t worry about the drawers right now. They look pretty empty right now but they’ll fill up quickly with needless assignments,” Cody said. He sat down on Tom’s bed. “So, Tom, where do you come from? Tell me a little about your family and the home you’ve left.”
Tom closed the drawer and walked over to his bed. “I came from an orphanage outside of Davenport. Before that I don’t remember.” He looked down trying not to remember the place as he talked about the orphanage. “I didn’t like the place much. There was food and shelter but that was about it.” 
Cody smiled. “Wow, sounds like a great place to build character at least,” he said then punched Tom softly in the shoulder. Cody looked around. “Well, this place is a lot better than where you came from, but it has some draw backs. There are of course the rules and then there’s Sam. He’s a tough one and of course there are the other boys. They can be a real pain in the butt.” Tom’s face dropped and he felt a cold sweat run down his back. Cody laughed and punched Tom again in the shoulder. “I’m just kidding, Tom. This is a great place to be.” Tom relaxed and smiled as Cody stood up from the bed. “Well, it’s about time for lights out so let me show you where you can brush your teeth and get ready for bed,” Cody said as he started out the room.
Tom followed Cody out of the room and down the hallway to a door at the end. Boys laughed and joked inside. Urinals and stalls ran along one wall and on the opposite side hung one long sink with faucets coming out of the wall above it. Boys joked back and forth as they brushed their teeth. I can’t believe Sam hasn’t already come up and yelled at them for being so loud. Tom slowly walked to the sink and then remembered that he hadn’t brought his toothbrush. “Cody, I need to get my toothbrush, I’ll be back.” He ran out of the bathroom and down the hall to his room and grabbed his toothbrush out of his drawer.
As he started back to the bathroom he heard Sam downstairs talking in a low voice. “Why’d you bring him here? You had a chance to get him away, somewhere safe. Now you’ve put everyone in danger.”
Another man’s voice, strong and forceful, said, “You’ll keep him safe Sam, don’t underestimate Archelaus’s power. He’ll stay here until he’s old enough to understand his mission, and he’s able to do the master’s bidding.” One of them walked away and opened the front door. The other started up the stairs.
Tom took off down the hall toward the bathroom where he brushed his teeth quickly. After lying down in bed he thought, I wonder who they were talking about? Probably one of the boys who arrived today. And who’s Archelaus really? What kind of power does he have? The thoughts continued to run through his mind until exhaustion overtook the excitement he felt and he drifted off into a peaceful sleep, dreaming of mansions and friends. 
Chapter 5:

	The next morning came much too early for Tom. He stretched and yawned not wanting to leave the dream. Cody said in a sing song voice, “Rise and shine, sleepy head.” Tom groaned but slowly rolled out of bed and onto his feet. Cody grabbed clothes out of his dresser and said, “K, first thing is to get showered then dressed. After that we’ll eat.” Tom hurried to his own dresser and pulled clothes out quickly so that he could catch up to Cody who had already started down the hall whistling a strange but peaceful tune. As they passed the other dorm rooms the doors would open and boys fell into line behind them.  The boys yawned and stretched as they continued down the hall to the bathroom. 
Tom hurried to keep up with Cody, At least I learned one thing at the orphanage. Tom finished showering and put the clothes on that he had gotten from Sam. He ran down the hall to his room and saw Cody sitting at his desk reading a book. Tom’s hair dripped into his face as Cody looked up at him, “Tom you know you have a towel for a reason.” Cody winked at Tom and put the book away. Tom wiped the water out of his face and smiled sheepishly. Cody stood. “Are you hungry?”
Tom nodded and Cody led the way to the mess hall on the bottom floor. Sam stood behind the food counter encouraging the staff to hurry up. The entire time he yelled at the workers, he smiled. Just like Cody had said, Sam stuck to the rules but he always made sure you could follow them. Tom and Cody were the first ones in line. Tom’s mouth watered as he looked at the eggs, bacon, potatoes and sweet bread on the serving line. Tom grabbed a glass of milk then sat down next to Cody before any of the other boys had even entered the mess hall. “Wow, do we eat this way at all the meals,” Tom asked.
Cody smiled. “Sure do. Won’t find a better meal anywhere.” Tom ate the food letting each bite dissolve on his tongue while he watched other boys hurrying in. Their table filled quickly. Boys talked and joked with Cody as they walked up to the table. How does he remember all of their names and what’s going on in their lives? 
Joe came up to the table and a boy made room for him to sit opposite Cody. “How’s it going Cody?” Joe asked. His deep voice sounded like a bass drum.
“Great. How ‘bout you Joe?” 
Joe rubbed his jaw. “I’m ok, but Tim sure has a strong right hook. I thought he had me for about, a full 2 seconds.” Joe laughed.  He kept talking even with a mouthful of food. “I can’t believe he called my mom a witch. He’s lucky you showed up or he’d be dead.” 
“Him and you both,” Cody said, “You know what Archelaus would have done to you if you had killed him? You’re in big enough trouble just for beating him up.” 
“I know, but it just isn’t fair that he can get away with it. It’s no wonder no one likes him. Do you know what he did the other day to Jake?” Cody shook his head as he took a bite of his egg. “Well, I’ll tell you what he did,” Joe said. “He took Jake’s work and copied it then he told the teacher that Jake had copied his work. Jake is now cleaning the bathrooms every day for a month.” Joe shook his head in disgust taking another mouthful of food. Cody nodded his head in agreement and then continued eating. 
Cody shoveled another bite of food into his mouth, and after he finished chewing he said, “Well, time for class.” He jumped up and rushed to drop his tray off with Tom and Joe close behind.
“Dang, I never have enough time to eat,” Joe said, jamming food into his mouth as he walked to a counter with a trash can in front of it. Joe took two more bites before scraping the rest of the food into the trash and placing the tray on the counter. They hurried out of the mess hall and through the front door to the green area outside. A graveled pathway split to the main house and another led down a green hill toward the school building. The school building was two stories high and made of red bricks. Windows filled the front side of the building with two different entrances at opposite ends of the building. They entered the building on the North entrance. The tiled floor ran the length of the building with two intersections along the way. Cody hurried down the hall and turned left at the first intersection. After passing three closed doors he stopped in front of an open door.
“K, here we are. I’ll pick you up after class. Have fun and remember that the better you learn your lessons the better off you’ll be,” Cody said as he hurried down the hall. Tom watched Cody and Joe hurry down the hall until they turned another corner, then, Tom nervously entered his classroom. Desks and chairs filled the room. A larger desk sat at what he assumed was the front of the classroom. Behind the large desk, a chalkboard hung on the wall and above that a clock ticked its endless cycle. 
A woman, wearing a black hat on top of  hair done up like a bird’s nest, walked toward him. Makeup covered her face in an attempt to cover her age and she wore long dangly earrings that hung to her shoulder. Her white blouse stuck out of her red belt and hung over a black skirt that fell to her ankles. Black heeled shoes covered her feet and made a clomping noise as she walked. “You must be Tom. You can sit over there.” She pointed to a desk at the back of the class and handed Tom a large binder. Following Tom, she said, “My name is Ms. Sarah, and I will be your teacher for the next few weeks.” Tom sat and Sarah opened the binder to the first page. “This is what you’ll be learning while you're with me. Feel free to work ahead.” Sarah closed the binder. “If you have any questions, you’ll need to talk to me after class.” Walking to the front of the class she said over her shoulder, “We work quickly and have a lot to cover.” Once she reached the front of the class she turned and pointed at him. “Stay quiet and sit still while the lecture is given.” She lowered her arm. “After the lecture there’ll be time to apply the lesson and a short break after that.” 
Other kids started to file in and she took her attention off of Tom and focused on lecturing the new arrivals. Tom relaxed into his seat and watched the other kids go straight to their desks, where they remained absolutely quiet. He figured that he had better follow suit and kept his mouth shut even when the other kids stared at him. As he watched Ms. Sarah he thought, Her scowl must be permanent. He couldn’t help but break the silence stance and smile. 
Sarah started the lecture promptly and Tom struggled to keep his eyes open but didn’t dare let them close even fearing to blink. Mercifully, the first lecture on the history of Thalanthalas finally ended, but regrettably so did the break. He had only enough time to stand, get a drink and then back to another dry lecture. Ms. Sarah lectured next about the council. “The first council, charged with protecting the sacred laws of the land, had its first meeting many hundreds of years ago. The council today, made up of seven men, can all trace their lineage back to the original seven men.” She pulled a picture of the seven men on the council out and showed it to the class, Archelaus stood on the edge of the group of men. Sarah then pulled an even larger picture out of just Archelaus and said, “As you all know Archelaus is on the council and has done much to protect out future.” She turned the picture toward herself and stared for some time before her cheeks went turned slightly red and she put the picture away quickly. She brushed her blouse down then continued with the lecture. “During the years many of the laws have changed, and the knowledge of who had created the council has been lost.” She held her pointer stick and glared at each of the children. The children squirmed in their seats as her eyes fell on them. When she was sure she had all of their attention, she continued. “The counsel has grown weak and many of the laws are being misinterpreted and changed by them. There are even rumors that witches are infiltrating the council by way of one of the councilmen.” Her face brightened. “Archelaus on the other hand who has only been on the council for a short time has pushed to change the antiquated and corrupted laws. Even though he is fought on every hand by many of the other councilmen, he fights on.” She raised her hand at this point and looked sternly at the class. “It’s Archelaus that will bring about the change needed to help us stay strong against the Techies and other outsiders.” She smiled broadly and looked at the children expectantly. When they did nothing, the scowl returned and she continued on with the lecture.
By the end of the lecture Tom had to hold his head up with his hands and blink frequently to keep from falling asleep. When a bell sounded, the class hurried to put their books away and Tom looked around, What’s going on? The students finished putting their books away and headed for the door while Ms. Sarah turned to erase the chalk board. Tom watched the kids leave and saw Cody standing there smiling at him. Tom shook his head, put his books up and hurried to the door. “Hi Cody,” he said. 
“Hey there, how was your first day of class.” Cody said as he rubbed Tom’s head. Before Tom could answer Cody said, “It looks like it was pretty rough.” Tom smiled and grunted in response. Cody laughed. “Sarah loves to lecture, and she loves history.”  
Tom said, “I think she loves Archelaus even more.” They all erupted into laughter and stopped just as quickly as Ms. Sarah scowled at them from inside the room and put her finger to her lips.
They hurried off, snickering down the hall. They left the school and started down the path toward the training hall. The one story building stood off from the other two buildings surrounded by tall pine trees. The graveled path led to a large double door that stood open. Cody headed toward the building and said, “Well, it’s time for weapons training. That’ll wake you up. What’s your favorite weapon?” Cody glanced over his shoulder toward Tom.
Tom stopped. “Weapons? I’ve never held a weapon before.”
Cody looked at Tom with his mouth open. “What? Never held a weapon?” Cody scratched his head a little then said, “I thought they only brought in boys who had already been trained a little.”
Tom’s brows furrowed and he said, “Maybe they made a mistake. What if I’m not supposed to be here?” His heart started to pound in his chest. I can’t go back to the orphanage. 
Cody shrugged and started walking again. “Don’t worry about it, Tom. They don’t make mistakes around here. Besides if anyone can train you then Gordan can.”
Tom started after the two boys, his heart slowed but still beat faster than normal. He cleared his throat uncomfortably and asked, “What’s your favorite weapon?”
Cody replied, “I figure the bigger the weapon the more damage it can do so I chose the two handed sword. I’ve also trained with the pistol and rifle, but most of my training is in leadership and strategy.” They reached the entrance to the building. “Here we are. We’ll, I better get going.” Cody waved and started up the hill. “See ya tonight.”
John stood outside the door. “Hi Tom.” He opened one of the double doors and an explosion of noise and chaos hit Tom. Boys fought in several different areas each marked off with ropes. A man stood next to each of the makeshift arenas and yelled instructions to them as they fought their opponents. Behind the arenas boys fired pistols and rifles at targets that stood back against the far wall. The gunshots reverberated off the walls making the room sound like a battle zone. On another wall several boys practiced with swords on dummies, hacking and slashing at the dummies like they were real assailants. Tom tentatively followed John in. He wanted to put his hands over his ears, but not wanting to look like a fool, he kept them clenched at his side. The more Tom watched the more he realized that it wasn’t chaos. There was an order to everything that happened in the building. The boys moved from station to station, practicing at a dozen weapons in turns.
John put his arm around Tom’s shoulder and said, “We need to get you a little more competent with battle if you’re going to be of any use to us.” Tom nodded as John continued. “Archelaus would like you to become acquainted with combat leadership. You’ll learn to use a weapon here and be trained in leadership skills during class,” John said. John continued around the edge of the room until he reached a man that yelled at two boys wrestling on the ground. “Hey, Gordan,” John yelled above the noise. 
Gordan approached John and held out his hand. The two men grasped forearms and pulled each other in for a bear hug, “Hello, John,” Gordan said.
John released the hug and replied, “Hello, Gordan.” He then waved for Tom to come closer and Tom held out his hand to Gordan. 
“Hello, sir.”
Gordan shook Tom’s hand. Tom realized that Gordan could easily break his hand with his grip. Gordan wore an eye patch across his left eye and a sleeveless shirt that clung to his skin showing the well defined muscles beneath. His pants were loose and made of leather. “I have someone I want you to train for me,” John said. 
He looked over Tom with a well trained eye. “Well John, I don’t know that he’ll make much of a fighter.” He stepped closer as if trying to figure out any thing he could work with. “We could try and train him to use a pistol and short sword.” The one eye scanned Tom yet again and then Gordan stepped back and looked up at John. “He definitely won’t make it on the front line. That’s for sure.” Tom squirmed from the scrutiny.
“Well, Gordan, I think this one may surprise you. But I agree we don’t want him on the front line. Archelaus wants him trained in combat leadership. So we give him the basics here and see if he can handle the pressure. Do you think you can whip him into shape?” John asked. 
Gordan shrugged. “Won’t hurt to try.” 
John turned to Tom and put his hand on his shoulder. “You’re going to learn to love this guy. You may not know it now but when you are in the middle of a life or death situation you’re going to be glad he yelled so much.” 
Right on cue, Gordan turned and yelled at one of the boys, “Rob, go work in the pistol range.” He then walked over to the other boy and talked to him quietly for a moment. Gordan looked up at Tom and said, “Come over here.” Tom walked over to Gordan who stood in the makeshift ring. He picked up some padded, leather gloves and handed them to Tom. “This may not be fun, but like John said, you’ll appreciate it when you really need it,” Gordon said. He then pointed at the other boy. “Now this boy here is going to whip you several times today and then another boy will take his place tomorrow.” Panic showed on Tom's face as he looked at the boy. “Hopefully by the end of the week you’ll have learned a thing or two about how to keep yourself from getting hurt too badly.” Gordan walked out of the ring. “You ready?” Before Tom could answer he said, “Good, go.” 
The boy charged Tom catching him completely off guard. His fist hit him square in the jaw. Tom went down hard hitting the ground with a dull thud. He lay there for a few minutes when he heard some fool telling him to get up. Why should I get up? Tom thought as his head pounded from the impact. If I learned anything in the orphanage, it's  to stay down when you're down.
Gordan yelled again, “Get up Tom, or Doug will be all over you.” Tom hesitated and Gordan yelled, “Doug get him to stand, but nicely.” Doug approached Tom and put out his hand. Tom could only stare. 
“It’s okay. Let me help you up,” Doug said. Tom grabbed the gloved hand and Doug pulled him up then patted him on the back. “You’ve got to be ready next time. Put your hand up to block the hit or move out of the way.”
“Okay get ready,” Gordan yelled above the noise. Doug stepped away from Tom and put his hands up in front of his face. Tom copied the stance. “Go.” Doug came at him again. He faked a punch to the face with his left then slugged Tom in the gut with his right. When Tom lowered his hands to his gut it left his head open and Doug accepted the invitation by slamming his left hand into Tom’s face. Tom went down again. 
“Good boy,” Gordan said. “Tom you’ve got be ready this time. When he comes at you try to dodge his blow, and then counterattack.” Doug held out his hand again to help Tom up and he accepted it again without hesitation. The adrenaline pumped through his veins and he felt a slight burning in his gut. The burning wasn’t unfamiliar to him. He had felt it many times when Jacob had picked on him but this time he let the heat rise in him and he felt his muscles tighten. His sight cleared. “Ok. Ready. Go.” Gordan yelled again. Doug came at him a third time. This time though Tom felt like he knew what Doug would do before he did it. Doug swung at him again. Tom dodged to the left and Doug only landed a glancing blow. Tom staggered but remained on his feet. 
“Good job, Tom. Now watch for your opportunity to counterattack,” Gordan said. 
Tom’s senses returned, This is so different than the orphanage. The headmaster would have told him to just take his whipping.  Doug came at Tom again, and he sensed  Doug's attack before he did it. Doug faked a right hook and then came in strong with his left toward his mid section. Tom dodged to the right and then swung his right fist toward Doug’s face. Doug, caught completely off guard, lost his balance as he missed with his jab, and Tom’s fist came down on the side of Doug’s face. Doug fell to the ground. Tom suddenly went into a rage, pictures of Jacob and the headmaster flew through his mind. Tom thought of the headmaster humiliating him. His own uncertainty. The feeling of abandonment. “Why did you leave me in that place?” Tom screamed as he jumped on top of Doug pouring out his rage on Doug's face. Strong arms engulfed Tom around the chest and pulled him off Doug. Tom continued to scream out in rage at all of the injustices that he had endured for so long. 
“Tom, it’s ok. Tom, you’re ok,” John repeated over and over. Tom sobbed uncontrollably and stopped fighting as John held him in his arms.
After a few minutes Gordan yelled again but this time with a hint of compassion. “Ok Tom, it’s time to get back into the saddle. Get up and we’ll go again.” John helped Tom up, and pushed him gently to the ring. Tom headed back into the ring wiping the blood and tears from his face. 
He looked down embarrassed, “Sorry, Doug.” 
Doug wiped at the blood running out of his nose and grinning mouth. “No more taking you for granted.” 
Gordan said, “Go.” Doug charged Tom once again but this time he moved quicker and hit much harder. Tom managed to dodge the majority of Doug’s punches and land a few of his own. The boys sparred for several more rounds with Gordan yelling instructions to them. After what seemed like only a few minutes Gordan said, “Okay that’s enough for now go take a break.” 
They got a drink together and talked about the things that they had learned. Doug gave Tom several pointers and explained some different moves that he could use in certain situations. This is so different from the orphanage. We hit each other and try to kill each other then we give each other pointers on how to do it better next time. Tom’s confidence grew in his ability, and he felt the rage and hurt inside him slowly ebb. He enjoyed interacting with Doug and having a friend. Someone he could talk to. He also thought about the friendship that seemed to be growing between Cody and him and hoped that it would continue to strengthen.  
The two walked back to the pit where Gordan gave pointers to a couple of other boys. He looked at Tom and Doug and said, “You two are done here. Doug, take Tom over to get trained in sword play for awhile.” The two boys turned to leave. “Oh, and good job both of you,” Gordan said. Then he started yelling at the other boys. After Tom returned to the dorm, he talked to Cody about the day’s events, and the things he had learned. Cody smiled and nodded his head as he listened to him and told him about many other things that he would learn in the coming weeks and years. Tom lay down on his bed. He felt at home as he drifted off to sleep.
The next few days went basically the same as his first day with classes in the morning and sparring at night. His muscles grew firmer and his reactions quickened while sparring with the other boys. More importantly his confidence grew as he saw the surprise and pride on Gordan’s face and began to realize his own potential. Sarah’s lessons no longer flew over his head as he learned the new concepts and participated more in the lectures. Within a week Tom had the routine down and no longer needed help from Cody to get up and find his way around the compound. He tried to beat Cody awake every morning but Cody seemed to always be one step ahead of him. Tom felt alive and full of hope as he learned and grew. 
At night, when he didn't have Cody or one of the other boys to talk to, Tom would often worry about his mother. Is she still alive? He would cry a little as he realized that if she had been then she would have come for him by now. There's no way she could have survived the battle. And why wasn't father there to protect her? He had told Tom that he would be back, but Tom never saw him again. On these nights Tom would bite his lip, not wanting Cody to hear him, and remind himself that he was an Alerio. His mother had told him to be strong, and he would be.









Chapter 6:

“Tom, Tom, get up,” Cody whispered close to his ear. “Something’s happening outside. Can you hear it?” Tom rolled over onto his back and started to sit up. “Stop,” Cody said, “Someone might see you.” Cody knelt at the side of his bed, looking out the window. Tom rolled out of bed onto the cold floor and looked out the window. He couldn’t see or hear anything at first, but then a bright flash and a faint scream reached him. Tom’s face drained of color. They silently looked out the window as the sounds of battle came closer and closer to the dorm. Cody’s face fell. “They’re coming toward the dorm. We've gotta warn the others.” He crawled toward the closed door. Tom followed after Cody into the hallway where Cody had already opened the first door on the right. Cody disappeared into the bedroom.
Tom started down the left side of the long hall. He opened the first door. The boys in this room were already somewhat awake. Tom quickly crawled as quietly as he could over to the first boy. “Get out of bed. Quick. We need to gather in the hall and get your roomy.” 
The boy blinked at Tom. “What’s going on?” 
Tom put his finger to his mouth. “Just do it and be quiet about it, hurry.” Tom left the room and continued down the hall waking the boys on the left as Cody did the same on the right. Leaving the last room he heard a loud boom come from outside and a faint scream, or maybe several. “It sounds like whatever or whoever is right out side the front door,” Tom whispered to Cody.
“Yeah, I think they are. Get the boys to the bathroom. Joe and I’ll go check things out,” Cody said. 
“Ok guys let’s get to the bathroom,” Tom said as he waved for them to follow him. The boys glanced at Cody and he waved them to follow Tom and then gestured for Joe to follow him. Tom headed toward the bathroom leading the way for the rest of the boys. I can’t believe this is happening, and what are we going to do once we get to the bathroom? Tom felt the weight of being in charge. It felt surprisingly comfortable. When they were half way down the hallway, he heard the front door explode. It sounded like it had been broken into a million pieces. He stopped for half a heartbeat and then hurried the rest of the way.
The boys had just entered the bathroom when the first sounds of battle inside the dormitory hit them. Tom closed the door to the bathroom. “Hurry, find something to block the door.” He went to the window and peeked out. The back of the building looked empty and deserted. A large tree grew close enough to the window that they could climb down it to the ground. Tom opened the window. “Hey guys, over here. There’s a way down.” Tom’s face flushed when the other boys turned to him and came closer to the window. They seemed to look to him to get them out of this mess. He climbed up out the window and onto the window sill. He reached a branch close by and climbed onto it. “Let’s get the smallest boys up here first so I can help them down.” 
The older boys started handing up the younger boys while he helped them onto the branch from there they were able to climb down to the ground. When the last boy had reached the ground a loud bang rocked the bathroom door. Tom’s heart pounded hard in his chest and sweat formed at his temples as he waited on the tree.  The pounding became more forceful as he waited. What if it’s Cody and he needs to get in. The door started to open and he climbed closer to the window. His heart raced. The door opened. Tom smiled. The smile quickly turned to open mouth horror when he saw Cody’s bloodied and bruised face. A bone jutted out of his shoulder and blood ran down his leg. 
A man dressed in black held his other arm bent at an odd angle behind his back. The man pushed Cody through the door and into the bathroom. Cody landed in a heap turning the once white tiled floor red. The man roared, “Where are you, boy?” 
Tom hurried to the open window still hidden behind a branch. Cody how am I supposed to help you out of this? He looked over his shoulder. Where are you John? Feelings of helplessness and rage filled his body as he watched Cody groan as the man kick him. Tom you have to do something. You’re an Alerio and an Alerio would never let his friend suffer. Strange words formed in his mind. His hand tingled as energy ran through it. He looked at his hand as it started to glow. He could feel the heat coming from it and he forgot everything but the flame that now engulfed the palm of his hand. Only wanting to get the heat away from him he flicked his hand toward the open window. To Tom's amazement, a small globe of orange fire shot from his fingertips toward the open window. The globe flew through the window and slammed into the man in black. The man's mouth dropped open with surprise and pain as the globe burnt through his black clothing and scorched his flesh beneath. 
 Tom acted on instinct and jumped through the window. Remembering his training, he grabbed the man’s dropped sword and lunged at the man. To Tom’s dismay the man’s shock passed and he dodged the lunge. Tom lost his balance. As Tom flew past the man the man’s fist and forearm slammed into Tom’s back. Tom crashed to the floor and the sword skittered out of his grasp. The man grabbed Tom’s shirt and lifted him up to take another shot. It felt like the man’s fist went all the way through Tom’s body and out his back. The pain enveloped his mind to the point that he could only hear the man laughing through the dense fog in his head. To his wonder blood spilled to the ground in front of him. Is that my blood? Am I dying? The man dropped him and Tom dropped to the ground. A second later a large body fell across him. The world blurred and he heard Cody calling out his name. I must be dead. 
“Tom, Tom, are you all right?” Cody asked in a strained voice. “Tom, wake up we have to get going.” Tom gained some consciousness and saw Cody leaning over him. Cody’s bloody face looked like it had been hit by a sledgehammer, more than once. “We need to go. Hurry! Get up,” Cody said again. He pulled on Tom’s shirt. Tom put his hands under him and his world spun as he staggered to his feet. Leaning heavily on Cody he made it to the window where Cody pushed him up toward the window. Tom grabbed the branch and with Cody pushing behind him, and Tom pulling on the branch with all his strength he pulled himself out the window. His legs shook as he stood on one of the branches and started the long climb down. 
Sounds came from outside the bathroom while Cody climbed through the window onto the tree. As they descended the tree the bathroom door slammed open and several heavy feet clomped on the tiled floor above. “They’re out the window,” a man said with a heavy accent. “Hurry, get them. You go out the front and around the back.” 
Tom reached the ground and looked up. A black clad man climbed out the window and onto the tree. Cody reached the ground with a jump. “Hurry, to the main house,” he shouted. Tom pulled one of the boys toward the house. They ran with Cody in the back and Tom in the front. Tom slowed as the back door opened. John and Kristiana surged out with a younger girl close behind them and a half dozen guards behind her. Tom’s pace quickened toward the mansion as fire shot from Kristiana’s hand toward the boy’s pursuers. The younger girl chanted and moved similar to Kristiana. Several orange globes burst from her finger tips, flying over his head, while John and the guards ran toward the dorm. 
Tom watched John charge several black garbed men who emerged from the front door of the dorm with weapons drawn. Several more globes flew past him hitting a man in the chest while John and the men behind him discharged their weapons. Black smoke filled the air. Several of the men dropped to the ground screaming and wailing in agony. John reached the mass first and in one fluid motion, side stepped the first and brought his dagger up into the stomach of another. Leaving the dagger in the man’s gut, John spun which put him to the side of the next man. His long sword slashed the man’s unarmored neck and the man dropped to his knees instantly. John pulled his pistol out of his holster aimed and fired. 
The guards slammed into the fray with swords and axes smashing into the bodies of the black clad men. The black clad men were soon overrun. As they fled, Tom saw dark red dragons imprinted on their cloaks.  The guards pursued after the fleeing men while John stopped and surveyed the grounds. Tom’s strength failed him. His legs grew weak, and he fell. Cody caught him with his one good arm and together they hit the ground. 
Chapter 7:

Sunlight snuck through a crack in the dark curtain and hit Tom in the eyes. Tom put his hand up in front of his face to block the light and blinked his eyes to acclimate to the brightness. Where am I? He ran his hand along a fine silk sheet, feeling as smooth and soft as a newborn rabbit, which covered him. The canopy above him was made of a dark brown mahogany draped with dark green drapes that ran down on all sides. The bed could accommodate at least five more boys Tom’s size and still have room to be comfortable. Hushed voices came from outside the canopy. “He needs to be taken somewhere safe,” Archelaus said firmly. “I can only trust you two to take him.” 
Tom peered at the curtains trying to see through them. Who are they talking about?
“I want Cody to go with him. Cody can continue his own studies with you and then can help Tom learn his as well,” Archelaus said. 
“I can’t leave my apprentice, and I don’t want her to be trained in seclusion,” Kristiana said. 
“You must be there to help with his training. He has the gift. There’ll be no more discussion on the matter.” Tom shifted in the bed and the hushed voices stopped. Loud tapping noises faded away as someone hurried out the room. The curtains were drawn open and Tom sat back as Archelaus held the curtain open.
Archelaus moved to the edge of the bed. “Hi, Tom. I hope that you have rested well. I regret to tell you that you must be leaving soon. This is for your safety as well as the others who call the school home. I’m sorry that I have not been able to meet with you. I had hoped to spend much time with you to prepare you more.”
Tom sat up in the bed. “Where will I be going? Will John and Kristiana be going with me?”
Archelaus shifted and leaned closer. “Yes, they will attend with you.” He patted Tom on the shoulder. “You are very special, Tom. I will need to protect you.” He continued in a sweet voice while his eyes glittered with excitement. “You, Tom, will become a great leader and will be able to change the world that we now live in. You will need to learn your lessons well, and you must trust me in every matter.”
 Tom’s eyes widened as he listened to Archelaus. Now I’ll show Jacob and Peanut. The headmaster will never know what hit him. 
Archelaus leaned back and looking at the back of his hand said, “I’ll help you reach your full potential and help you gain your every dream. Never worry about those around you. They’re only here to meet your needs.” He smiled sweetly and then made a move to leave but stopped just as he started to stand. He looked deep into Tom’s eyes and said in a matter of fact tone, “Tom, a warning though, you need me. Remember that, only I can help you reach your full potential in this new world.” He stood and patted Tom on the head before he glided out of the room. 
John entered shortly after Archelaus left. “Hey there Tom, you took quite a beating last night. How’s your stomach feeling?”
Tom felt his stomach. The pain was gone, “Much better but I’m still a little weak.”
“I would imagine you would be. You were hit with a magical glove that sucks the strength out of whomever it hits.” He patted Tom on the shoulder. “Weak or not we'd better get going before we lose the cover of night.” 
“Night, what do you mean, have I been asleep all day?” Tom asked.
“Well, off and on, like I said when the man hit you it caused you to become very weak. You’re lucky to be alive actually. If it hadn’t been for Cody, you would be dead right now,” John said.  
“John,” Tom hesitated. “Archelaus seems to think that I’m special. He said that I’d need him to reach my potential. Why do I need him?”
John looked quickly toward the door and then back to Tom. “Archelaus is a powerful man and has a lot of sway in the way things go.” He rubbed his chin for a moment. “You’re special and that makes you useful to him.” John turned. “Tom it’s time to go. Your clothes are on the chair. Hurry and get dressed and then meet me at the front door.” 
“Uh, John where am I?” Tom asked. 
“You’re in the main house. A guard outside your room will give you directions. Hurry, it’s time to go.” Tom listened to John walk down the hall as he got out of bed and started to dress. The clothes were dark. A plain hooded cloak hung on the back of the chair. I wonder why there isn't an insignia like my other clothes have. Tom shrugged, then strapped a belt with a scabbard on one side and a holster on the other  and then tied the cloak on around his neck. Underneath lay a finely crafted short sword along with a pistol. In the belt several bullets were wedged in between leather loops. He looked over the weapons with fascination and remembering John’s urgency, hurriedly put them into their new homes. 
Tom walked out the door and saw two guards. One of the guards gestured for him to follow then started down the hallway in front of him. The other guard fell in line behind. The guard led Tom to the front door of the mansion where they waited a few minutes until Kristiana and John came down the stairs. He saw the girl from the other day following closely behind Kristiana. She wore a long black robe with a hooded cloak tied around her neck. Tom stared at the girl. The girl stared back at him and he felt a connection spark between them. Quickly he looked away.
As he reached the bottom of the stairs, John said, “Are you ready? Cody should be waiting for us in the car.” John didn’t seem to notice Tom gawking at the girl.
Kristiana, on the other hand, gave Tom a stern look. “You’ll mind who you stare at, do you understand?”
“Yes ma’am,” Tom said as he tried to become as small as possible. Kristiana, John and the young woman passed Tom as they exited the door which a guard held open. Tom turned and followed the three out the door toward the car that idled in the drive. After the four clambered into the vehicle the guard shut the door with a click. 
John pushed a button by his seat and said, “Let’s go.” Tom sat next to Cody while John, Kristiana and the girl sat on the other side.
Tom looked over at Cody. “Hi Co....” His jaw dropped as he looked at Cody’s face. Cody’s face had almost completely healed since he had last seen him. His nose still looked a little swollen and some black still lingered under one eye but other than that he looked good. “Cody what happened to your face, I mean, why’s it so, so, I mean you healed so fast,” Tom said.
“Well you see, Tom, I’m just super human,” Cody said laughing. Tom scrunched up his face and Cody laughed harder. Kristiana sighed and glared at Cody. Cody stopped laughing and said “Actually, there are people that are able to use their faith to heal others. I was lucky enough that Archelaus had one close at hand.”
“So they just pray or something and you’re healed?” Tom asked.
“Something like that, but I think that it takes years of devotion and training to get to the point where they are able to do something like they did for me,” Cody said.
Cody paused briefly and then continued. “I’ve heard that some of their faith are actually able to bring people back to life. If they’ve been gone for only a short time.”
The girl shook her head and pulled a book out from under her cloak and started to read. Tom still fascinated with the idea of a person who could bring someone back to life didn’t even notice. “Wow, that’s amazing, why haven’t I ever heard of these people before?” Tom asked.
“There aren’t many around anymore. Nobody really knows why. Some people believe it’s because the council has been slowly killing them off one by one. So they have gone into hiding. Archelaus has always been a protector of their faith though,” Cody said.
“That’s so hard to believe. If I hadn’t seen it for myself, I wouldn’t believe you,” Tom said. There’re a lot of times I could have used some extra help from a higher power. On the other hand maybe I had and just didn’t realize it. Look at me now. Tom continued to think about this strange new idea of healers as the car sped down the road to a destination unknown. 
After a while Tom’s gaze turned from the window to the young woman across from him. He felt drawn to her. Where have I seen her before? Maybe we were friends when we were younger?  Tom’s eyes narrowed. Did she cast a spell on me? His arms relaxed and the tension left as he grinned. It’s probably just the simple fact that she’s so beautiful. Whenever she looked up from her book Tom looked down quickly, his face flushing each time. During his secretive studying of her he noticed her deep green eyes and long black hair done up in a French twist. Her long black lashes fluttered each time she blinked. She wore strange rings that glowed slightly as she studied her book. 
She closed her book abruptly and looked up at Tom. “Do you have a question?” 
Tom turned an even brighter shade of red. “A, hmm, no,” he stammered. 
Tom looked away and Cody laughed. “Tom, the proper thing to do when you don’t know someone is to ask them their name and how they’re doing.” 
“I was just looking out the window,” Tom said.
“That’s odd, Tom. I thought for sure you were staring at the young lady,” Cody continued with the teasing. In a serious tone Cody turned to the young woman. “Excuse me, madam. My friend here seems to like you quite a bit and would like to get to know you better, might I give him your name?”
She glared at Cody. “I don’t have time for you or your friend. You can tell your friend that I’m not interested and that if he does ever have a question he can call me Aithnea.” Aithnea glanced at Tom and then reopened her book, and continued to read. 
“Tom, her name is Aithnea and if you have any questions you can address her as such. Aithnea does not have time for you, or me for that matter, so don’t bother her again with your stares. Tom, do you understand?” Cody asked. He burst out laughing so hard he almost fell on the floor. 
Aithnea started to chant as she moved her hands at the same time. Kristiana quickly caught her hand and said, “Aithnea, no.” Aithnea startled at the sudden loss of concentration, let out a sigh and went back to reading her book.
“Cody, that’s enough,” John said. 
Cody gained control and looked at Aithnea, serious now. “I’m sorry. You deserve more respect.” He smiled at Tom, and asked, “Do you want to play a card game.”
“Sure,” Tom replied, glad that they were no longer talking about Aithnea or him. Tom took another quick glance at Aithnea and as he did she smiled. Tom feeling a little more courageous said, “Hi Aithnea, my name’s Tom.”
“I know who you are. It’s nice to meet you,” Aithnea replied. She smiled one last time and went back to her book.
Cody hit Tom in the shoulder. “Stop flirting and let’s play.” Tom and Cody played cards until Tom could no longer stay awake. At which point they put the cards away and both of them laid back to sleep. Taking a chance, he glanced one more time at Aithnea and saw that she looked at him as well. He smiled. 
Chapter 8:

“Hey, wake up sleepy head. We’re here,” Cody said. He nudged Tom in the arm. Tom opened his eyes and looked around. Kristiana and John had already stepped out of the car and Aithnea followed. He sat up and looked out the window. A fresh blanket of snow glittering in the bright afternoon sunlight covered the hilly ground. A path, barely visible in the white mantle, led through tall oak trees to a large cabin. Smoke curled and twisted lazily from the chimney. Under the eves, four foot windows, fit tightly into either side of the cabin, looked like giant eyes. Between them a wooden door that looked like a nose. The porch finished off the ensemble looking like a large toothy grin. Cody climbed out of the car with Tom close behind. Kristiana, John and Aithnea were already heading over a bridge and up the path that led to the cottage. 
Cody stood looking at the cottage and whistled. “Wow, even his cottages are nicer than I’ve ever seen.” 
Tom looked at the cabin. “They’re nicer than I’ve ever even dreamed of.”
“Well let’s get going, last one there is a rotten egg.”
Cody took off running. Tom tried to keep up but Cody’s longer legs kept him several feet in front of Tom. Cody ran past Aithnea and she flicked her fingers ever so slightly. Cody fell face first into a snow bank. When he turned to try and stand he couldn’t get his legs free. Tom caught up. “You shouldn’t run so fast you might slip.” Aithnea laughed as she watched Cody struggle to pull his legs free and Tom reached the front porch. “Hey Cody, what’s your problem. Too much snow for ya?”
“Hah, you’re lucky that someone was looking out for you,” Cody said as he pointed at Aithnea. “I think she’ll make a good ally,” Cody added.
“The best,” Tom whispered.
“What was that?” Cody asked. Tom just shook his head and smiled. 
Aithnea batted her eyes and held her hands up. “Cody you just need to watch your footing. I wouldn’t use magic on a silly race.” 
This must be what family’s all about. Tom jumped as a door behind him opened which sent Cody into another laughing fit. Tom looked hurt for a second before he smiled. A man from inside stepped out onto the porch. His white hair was neatly trimmed with a pony tail in the back and a long, white beard braided down to the middle of his chest. 
He smiled as he looked down at John. “It’s so good to see you. I guess Kristiana has kept you alive long enough to bring you home,” the old man said.
There doesn’t seem to be any resemblance between the two. What did he mean by home? Tom shrugged.
John ran the rest of the way to the porch, his boots clomping across the wood floor. When he reached the man they surrounded each other in a strong embrace. “It’s so good to see you, Karman,” John said, pounding the older man’s back.
“And it’s good too see you, John.” 
Karman let go of the embrace and gestured for everyone to enter the cabin. “Everyone inside, we don’t want to let all the warm air out.” Everyone entered the warm cabin and Karman shut the door. He led them to a dining room with food piled high on a long oak table surrounded by ten chairs. Several chairs sat around a black bear rug which lay in front of a fireplace piled high with burning logs. The logs crackled and popped as the fire licked the brick walls that entrapped it like a fiery demon trying to escape its prison. There was a moose head hung over the fireplace while several other trophy heads hung around the rest of the room. Karman sat down at the far end of the table his muscular body making the chair creak in protest. “You must all be hungry, let’s eat.”
Tom sat down and watched for the others to start eating before beginning himself. Meat, potatoes and several kinds of vegetables adorned the table with two pitchers filled with an orange liquid. Cody filled his plate to overflowing so Tom decided that he would just try a little of everything. It looks like there’s plenty to eat.
“So, I hear you had a pretty rough night the other night,” Karman said.
“Yeah, the red dragons attacked in full force. We were lucky that we weren’t all killed,” John said. He swallowed a mouthful of food then continued. “They hit us suddenly and a witch trapped us inside the main house while the others attacked the dorm.”
Karman looked up with his fork half way to his mouth. “A witch?”
John put his fork down. “Kris knocked down her defenses long enough for me to get a strike in. I don’t think that we killed her though. We couldn’t find her after the battle.”
Karman’s eyebrows went up as he looked at Kristiana. “Kristiana has always been able to hold her own hasn’t she?” Karman smiled at her for a second then went back to eating. 
“The boys here,” John said pointing at Tom and Cody with his fork, “were pretty messed up by the time we reached them.” He swallowed hard as he continued. “We lost one of the older boys though.” John gave a half hearted smile. “Luckily Cody and Tom were thinking and all the other boys made it out safe.”
Tom stopped, dropping his fork to his plate. “Who didn’t make it?”
Cody kept his head down as he spoke, “It was Joe. There were too many of them and when they overran us, they killed Joe and took me. I guess they figured they could use me for ransom.” He stopped eating.
John rubbed Cody’s back and spoke softly, “Cody, there was nothing more you could’ve done. You did exactly what you had been trained to do.”
“I know but it doesn’t make it hurt any less,” Cody said. His eyes misted over as he looked at his plate of food. He wiped at his eyes and looked up at the others. “He fought bravely and to the end. With his last bit of strength I saw him plunge his dagger into one of the guys. That’s probably what gave Tom the time he needed to get the kids out.” 
“He sounds like a strong and brave man,” Karman said. Cody gave a weak smile and nodded slowly. Tom poked at his food, his appetite gone. Why couldn’t they have all made it out alive? Joe shouldn’t have had to die so I can live. The others at the table were also slow to return to their food. 
Karman still looked down at his food and said, “Do you think that you were followed?” 
“I don’t think so,” John said, returning to his food. “Kris put a non-detect incantation on the car before we left and we used the fastest car available. Besides, I think that they thought they had us and weren’t thinking about tracking us.” 
Karman nodded. “How is Archelaus doing? Is he able to gain the support that he needs?”
“He’s doing well. There is support coming daily and he thinks that we should act soon,” John said.
Karman rubbed his chin. “I wonder if this isn’t happening a little too fast. Maybe we should be focusing more on using the legal system to get things turned around.”
“That won’t work. We’ve already tried that and failed,” John said. “The system has become to corrupt and the council along with it.”
Karman sat back in his chair putting his hand behind his head and kicking his feet out. “Yes, that’s true, but I don’t think a revolution is the answer. That’s all I’m saying.”
Kristiana set her fork down calmly and looked up. “Archelaus knows what he’s doing. I don’t think that we should question his plans.”
“Yeah but…,” Karman started.
“He has been there for us and has helped us beyond anything we could have done on our own,” Kristiana spoke over him. She leaned forward. “Look at what he’s done for the healers, and they’re safer now than they’ve been in years.” 
 “Don’t lecture me about all that. I’m the one who started it all. I just think that a revolution is going to hurt a lot of good people. There has to be another answer. There’s talk that this will change the world as we know it, but what to? That’s my worry.” 
Kristiana leaned back and sighed. “Karman, it’ll be for the best. That’s enough of this talk.” She pushed her chair back and stood. “Thank you for the food. It was wonderful.” Motioning to Aithnea she said, “It’s time that we retire to our room.” Aithnea immediately put her utensils down, pushed her chair back and stood. With Kristiana leading and Aithnea following, the two left the room without another word. 
John started to get up as well but Karman put his hand on his wrist. “John, all I’m saying is we need to be careful. I worry about what will happen to those we care about and if the world’s really going to be better place afterwards.”
John patted Karman’s hand affectionately. “I know, Karman. You’ve given up much for this cause and you’ve done more than could be asked of anyone. Don’t worry. I’ll be careful.” John hesitated a moment longer, then spoke, “I agree that it’s hard to say how much we’ll have to sacrifice for the goodwill of this benefactor.” John stood and put his hand on Karman’s shoulder. “Thank you for your hospitality. It’s so good to be home.”
“It’s good to have you home,” Karman said while John patted him on the back. After John left Karman said, “Well, I guess we’ve all had a long day and should probably get some rest before tomorrow.” He took another bite of his food and stood. “Boys, it’s nice to have you with us. If you need anything or have any questions just let me know.” He winked at them and left the room. 
“What was that all about and who’s the benefactor?” Tom asked.
Cody took another bite of food before answering, “Hmmm, I think that they’re talking about Archelaus. You see, Karman started a group that wanted changes in the council.” Cody took another bite before continuing. “I’m not sure of the details but I do know that their proposals were rejected by the council. I also know that this group fought for the healers when the council began rejecting them. Anyways, long story short, Karman and his group didn’t have the money to continue fighting the council and that’s when Archelaus came into the picture. He’s not only the one with the money but the one with the power and prestige to make things happen.” 
“I see.” Tom said with his brow furrowed. Cody started to get up as the servant cleared the table. “But why are Karman and John worried about Archelaus? Isn’t he on our side?” Tom asked.
“I’m not exactly sure, but I do know this, you don’t get something for nothing,” Cody said. He pushed his chair in and headed for the door. “Let’s go have a look around before going to bed and leave the politics to the grownups.”
 Who’s Archelaus? I guess Cody’s right though, let the grownups deal with the politics. Tom jumped up fearing he would get left behind. “Do you know who those guys were that attacked us the other night?”
“I’ve been thinking about that, and it doesn’t make much sense. The symbol of the red dragon comes from a country on the other side of the sea. The thing about it is that they would’ve had to of traveled a long ways and to attack a councilman would cause war. Not sure what to make of it but they must’ve been pretty desperate.” They entered a room filled with book cases that went from floor to ceiling. A circular ramp went up to a second floor and then back down in a wide arch. A table with chairs around it stood in the middle of the bottom floor under the stairs. On the top floor Aithnea sat in an overstuffed chair with her feet up on a table reading a book with an old decaying cover. 
Cody headed up the ramp. “Hi, Aithnea. I thought you were headed off to bed.”
Aithnea looked up from her book. “I wasn’t tired so I decided to read for a little longer,” she responded coolly. 
Cody sat down opposite her. “Mind if we join you for awhile. We’re not tired either.”
Tom sat down into a third chair as she started to reply. She stopped. “I guess not,” Aithnea said, returning to her book.
“So what you reading there?” Cody asked.
“It’s called ‘The Lore and Magic of Deidra Blackthorn,’” Aithnea responded without looking up from the book.
“Hmmm, sounds interesting, what’s it about?” 
Aithnea put the book down on her lap and sighed. “It’s about the lore and magic of Deidra Blackthorn.”
“Ohhh, that explains it very clearly, right Tom?” Cody looked over at Tom and smiled. 
Tom squirmed not wanting to get into the middle of it. “uhm.”
Cody snickered and looked back at Aithnea who glared at him. “So what’s it about, give us some of the details?” 
“It’s just a book about a witch called Deidra and the different incantations that she used,” Aithnea explained.
Cody leaned a little forward. “So, are all witches evil, or are there good ones too?”
“Let’s see,” Aithnea said as she put her finger to her chin. “The first and only witch I met was the one that trapped us in the mansion. So they all seem pretty evil to me.” 
“No. Seriously, are witches evil and enchantresses good? What’s the difference between the two?” Cody asked.
He sat forward in his chair staring intently at Aithnea. Aithnea looked at Cody and relaxed her hold on the book. “Well, witches and enchantresses gain their power from different sources. When Kristiana and I use our power, it comes from inside of us and that of our counterparts. We lose part of ourselves when we cast a spell. Witches, on the other hand, draw their power from those around them. It’s as if they are sucking life out of others to cast their spells.” Cody nodded while Tom wondered, What would’ve happened if Kristiana had not been at the mansion.
 Aithnea said, “In my opinion, witches are evil because they destroy others for their own purposes. But enchantresses have to sacrifice some of their self to perform magic and to cast their spells. Does that make sense?”
“Yes. I see what you’re saying, but what if a person willingly gave you life force to use, would that make you a witch?” Cody asked.
Aithnea paused before responding, “Well, enchantresses can only pull additional energy from their counterpart. Witches make pacts with the dark one so that they’re able to draw power from those that surround them.” Aithnea leaned forward and placed the book on the end table next to her chair. “I’ll have to gain a counterpart to truly be able to use my full power. Witches have to sacrifice others for their power. I’ve heard that they will actually kidnap young children to gain even more power.” 
“What about men, can they become witches or enchantresses?” Tom asked quietly.
Aithnea smiled at Tom. “It’s impossible. I mean, that is, I’ve never heard of one.” Aithnea lowered her eyes. “Actually, now that I think about it, I read a passage in an old book one time. It talked about a male enchanter whose counterpart was an enchantress. I always thought that it had been just a story, but now that you bring it up, I wonder.” Aithnea suddenly got up and started looking at the bookshelves. 
Cody squinted inquisitively at Tom. “The other night I saw flashes of orange come through the window and hit the man. Do you remember that Tom?”
Tom looked away from Cody and nervously clutched the arms of his chair. “I don’t know, Cody.”
“But...” Cody started but Aithnea interrupted him.
 “Here it is,” Aithnea said as she thumbed through a book. “This book talks about a man who had a limited amount of ability in magic. He could do simple cantrips, but nothing really noteworthy. The man said that he had learned the cantrips from an ancient dragon.”
“Dragon!” Cody exclaimed. “Now we know that it’s just a hoax.”
“Not necessarily. Sometimes words that people use have different meanings in different ages. He may have been referring to an ancient witch or something like that,” Aithnea said. Turning back to the book, she continued, “The man said that he had been born with the power but didn’t know how to use it correctly until the ‘dragon’ took him in and taught him how.” Aithnea’s finger moved quickly along as she skimmed the page. “Ah, this is interesting. It says here that the man mysteriously vanished one day but before he vanished he had an offspring that supposedly had the power. It says that the man had an affair with an enchantress and that the enchantress was taken. No one knows where she had been taken. The story continues talking about how if a male progeny were to come along that he may have some of the ability as well.”
Cody sat back hard. “Psh, that’s ridiculous. I’ve never heard of a male enchanter or of any man being able to wield anything more than the simplest of magic items.” 
“What would happen if a man could use magic?” Tom asked. He fidgeted with his belt strap.
Aithnea paused in her reading and looked up at Tom. “I’m not sure, but according to this story the man didn’t have much magic. Mayber that’s because he didn’t have a counterpart. Or maybe he just wasn’t born with a high amount of life energy.”
“Life energy? Don’t we all have life energy?” Tom asked.
“Well, yes, but there are different grades, and amounts of life energy that a person has,” Aithnea said. “An average person may have a high amount but if the grade is not good enough, they can’t use magic. Witches can take that energy from a person and combine it with their own to produce the right kind. I have a high amount of energy and it is high quality but it needs to be replenished through meditation and study.” She looked at the boys to see if they understood.
“So, Aithnea, if a man were to have the right kind of energy and enough, what would that mean?” Cody asked, looking at Tom.
“Well, that’s the problem. I’ve never heard of it other than in stories and they don’t really give many details,” Aithnea said.
“But what would happen if it were possible.”
“I would imagine that if he had high energy and the right grade. And he had a counterpart that was an enchantress then, theoretically he, or they would be very powerful. The problem would be how the bond between the two would be made. How would balance be maintained between the two sides?” Aithnea said. 
She put the second book down and went to the bookcase again scanning the bookcase for yet another book. Tom quietly thought about what had happened to him the other night. What did it mean? Maybe I just imagined the energy leaving my fingertips and flying toward the man holding Cody. Tom furtively looked toward Cody, wondering if he had seen where the missiles had come from. Cody stared at Tom with a dazed half smile. 
Aithnea looked up at that moment, looking back and forth between the two boys. “You guys aren’t telling me something? What is it?” She walked closer to them. “Hey you two what’s going on?” 
Cody looked at Aithnea, his hands up. “It’s not for me to say.”
She turned on Tom and glared at him. “Well?”
“I-I’m not quite sure actually. The other night when we were attacked, I was out on the tree and saw Cody all bloody and a man looking like he was going to kill him and...” Tom’s voice died off. What did happen? 
“And what, Tom?” Aithnea came closer to him.
Tom looked up at her sheepishly. “I felt an odd energy inside me and heard strange words go through my mind. I lifted my hand and an orange orb shot out and hit the man.”
“That’s crazy. Are you sure that you were not imagining things, or maybe one of Kristiana’s missiles missed their target and flew across the yard and into a window hitting an unseen target.” Aithnea sat down, realizing what she said.
“So, is it possible?” Cody asked excitedly.
Aithnea sat with her finger on her chin in deep concentration and pulled her feet up under herself. “I don’t know. I just don’t know.”
The library door opened and Kristiana came in. “Aithnea, it’s time that you come to bed.” She stopped when she saw the expressions on the kids’ face. “What are you guys up to?” She asked accusingly.
Aithnea stood up and walked toward Kristiana. “Are the stories true that talk about male enchanters?”
“It’s late and we need to sleep.” Kristiana put her hand to her head. “We’ll discuss this tomorrow.” Kristiana left the room without another word. 
“Well, I guess I better get going. It was nice talking to both of you. Have a good night,” Aithnea said following after Kristiana.
“It was nice talking to you. You’re a wealth of knowledge. We need to talk more often,” Cody called after her.
Tom sat numbly as the conversation rehashed itself over and over in his mind. He continued sitting in the chair as Cody followed Aithnea down the ramp. He tried so hard to understand the things that had happened to him. He couldn’t stop thinking about what Aithnea had said and how his life had changed so much already. He couldn’t even imagine how much more it would change in the coming years. 
Hearing Cody and Aithnea at the bottom of the ramp, Tom decided he had better follow before getting lost. He slowly got up from his seat. Casually glancing at the bookcase, he noticed a book out of place. He walked to the bookshelf and tugged on the book. A grating noise came from behind the bookshelf and then it swung open. Tom jumped back in surprise as musty, cold air hit him in the face. “What did you do?” Cody asked as he came running up the ramp.
“Nothing, I just grabbed a book,” Tom said.
Cody looked at the opening that led to a set of stairs heading down. “Huh, I wonder where it goes.” 
“I don’t know. It looks like no one has been through it in years,” Tom said. Cody nodded in agreement while Tom looked down the dark tunnel.  The stair treads were rounded from heavy use as they wound steeply down.  Uhg I hate spiders and there’re probably plenty of them down there.  
“Let’s find a light and go down,” Cody said.
“Are you joking? What if we aren’t supposed to go down there?” Tom said.
“Who will know? Besides, I don’t think anyone has been down here for hundreds of years,” Cody said as he looked for a light.
“What are you guys doing?” Aithnea said.
Cody pointed at the entrance. “Look what we found. It’s an entrance of some sort.” 
Aithnea looked through the entrance and then at Cody. “What are you looking for?” 
“He’s looking for a light. I’m hoping he doesn’t find one,” Tom said quietly.
“Oh, that’s easy,” Aithnea said. She started to chant and with a flick of her fingers a bright sphere appeared above her head. 
Tom’s eyes went wide. “How’d you do that?”
“It’s a simple cantrip that every enchantress learns within her first week of lessons.” Aithnea replied.
“Cody, look at thi...” Tom stopped, but not soon enough.
“What was that Tom?” Cody yelled back as he headed back up the ramp. After seeing the light above Aithnea he said, “Ah, nice, that’s exactly what we need, let’s go.”
Cody started down the stairs. Aithnea hesitated a moment but followed. Tom hesitated even longer, but not wanting to look like a coward followed as well. He slipped a couple of times on the smooth steps. Luckily, he caught himself before stumbling into Aithnea. The stairs circled down so far that Tom's feet were grateful when they finally came to level ground again. He looked up at the ceiling that pressed down on him only a foot or so above his head and saw cobwebs hanging like a mist. The hard brick walls and floor were covered in dust. How long has it been since anyone’s been down here? “I think someone needs to dust,” he muttered. Aithnea giggled softly, but quickly regained her composure while Cody laughed out loud.
“Yeah, no kidding,” Cody said while they continued their search of the dungeon like space. 
Cody inspected the sconces that lined the walls but the torches had all burned down long ago. He crept forward down the hallway loosening his sword at his side. “Who do you think made this place,” he said.  
“I have no idea. But it’s old,” Aithnea replied.
Cody came to a door and asked, “You ready for this?” Tom grimaced and Cody grinned as he slowly turned the knob and pushed on the heavy wooden door. Cody had to put all of his weight into the door to get it to move. A whooshing sound came from inside as air was sucked into the room beyond. Then the smell of dust, mold and old rotting books seeped into the passage. Tom peeked over Cody’s shoulder through the door. Bookshelves lined the walls and a table sat in the center of the room.  In the chair at the head of the table someone had left an old skeleton. Tom jumped as he realized the skeleton was not some left over party decoration, but the real thing. Cody let out a quick breath, but undaunted, continued into the room dragging Tom on his heels. Aithnea followed close behind and they approached the table. The skeleton wore a dark robe and a pendant of a blue rose hung around its neck. 
“What’s that around its neck?” Tom asked. He walked closer, Where have I seen that necklace before? Almost to the table, Tom stopped. He recognized where he had seen it before. The old man in the alley had the exact necklace around his neck. Tom forgot about the skeleton and reached for the necklace. 
“Tom, stop,” Cody yelled. Tom jumped back as a huge black spider descended from the ceiling to the table. The spider was as big as his head, its pincers were dripping green venom and its many eyes stared intently at him. The spider began to scuttle across the table toward him. He stepped back and tripped on some loose rubble, his arms flailing every which way. Cody jumped toward the spider to protect Tom. He pulled his sword from its scabbard. The spider hesitated only a moment, then seeing new prey continued forward. Cody swung his sword in a menacing arc stopping the spider once again.
Tom jumped to his feet and pulled his pistol out.  He aimed at another spider falling from the ceiling and fired. The bullet screamed through the air hitting the spider, green goo rained down on them. Aithnea screamed as more spiders fell all around them, their deadly pincers snapped at them angrily. “Run,” Cody cried, “there’re too many of them.”
Tom grabbed Aithnea’s arm heading toward the door. Cody backed toward them swinging his sword to keep the spiders at bay. Another large black spider dropped in front of the door and began to crawl toward Tom and Aithnea. Tom pulled his sword from its scabbard and with a loud battle cry lunged toward the spider. He swung his sword in a wide arch, hitting the spider’s front leg. The spider screamed and scurried to a dark corner of the room. He smiled but not for long, seeing many more hairy black spiders emerging from the darkness around them. Two spiders were moving slowly toward him from the open door. He backed up from the spiders and bumped into Aithnea. As he touched Aithnea he felt a connection with her. He could feel her fear and hear her mind race for an appropriate spell. His mind filled with words at the same time feeling a power grow within him. Another separate power combined with his becoming one within him. A strong bond grew between them. His hands began to glow. 
“Duck Cody!” Aithnea screamed. Aithnea held Tom’s arm and pushed more energy to him increasing the power within him. Tom chanted the words that came from Aithnea’s mind, concentrating the energy into his hand he threw his hand toward the ceiling and a bright white light boomed from it. A concussion wave extended from his hand and hit every corner of the room. He could hear several spiders fall from the ceiling and thudd lifeless to the ground. He fell exhausted to the ground and Cody jumped to his side looking for injuries.
“Is he ok?” Aithnea asked softly.
“He seems to be. At least he’s still breathing,” Cody responded.
“I’m fine,” Tom said, too weak to move.
Tom tried to get up but Cody held him down. “Don’t move.” Then with a huge grinn, he said, “I think you got them all.” Footsteps came toward the open door. Cody grimaced and said, “It sounds like you woke everyone up in the process though.” John came through the open door first, followed by Karman and then Kristiana.
John looked around the room. “What happened?” he asked.
Tom looked at the other two.  How do I explain to them that I killed them all with my magic? 
Kristiana entered. Looking at Aithnea she asked, “What spell did you cast?”
“It wasn’t me, well partly me, but not entirely me, it was ...” Aithnea stumbled on the right words to say.
“What do you mean?” Kristiana asked. Aithnea just shrugged her shoulders and looked at Tom. “Tom, explain to me exactly what happened and how it felt,” Kristiana ordered.
Tom swallowed hard. “I, uhm, bumped into Aithnea and started to hear her thoughts and I could feel her...” Tom paused looking at Aithnea for help. Aithnea shook her head holding her hands up. Now what? “I could feel how she felt. I then felt power… or energy coming from her, combining with my own inside me,” Tom said. He stopped when Kristiana’s eyes went wide. After a moment, Kristiana closed her eyes and lowered her chin to her chest. Silence filled the room for several minutes while Kristiana paced the room, ignoring the dead spiders at her feet. Oh great I did it this time. Why did I have to open that dumb book shelf anyway?
John went to one of the spiders and poked it with his sword. It twitched then laid still. He squatted to get a closer look and poked it a few more times. “They’re definitely dead,” John remarked, poking the spider one last time. “Where do you think they came from? What is this place anyway?” John asked looking around the room lighted by Kristiana’s and Aithnea’s glowing balls, which hung just above the group.
Kristiana, brought out of her daze, looked at John. “I’m not sure. Karman have you ever been down here before?”
Karman stood next to the skeleton holding something in his hand. “No, I haven’t. It looks like it’s some sort of secret library though. This guy must have been the last librarian.”
John walked over to the skeleton and brushed off some of the cobwebs. “He looks like he’s been here for a while. What do you have there Karman?” John pointed to Karman’s hand. 
“It was around the skeleton’s neck,” Karman said.
“I’ve seen that before. The night I met Archelaus. An old man had one around his neck,” Tom broke in.
Kristiana held out her hand. “Let me see it.” Karman handed her the necklace and she turned it over as she examined it closer. “I believe that this belongs to one of the order of the Rose. I will need to consult my books, but yes I believe it’s their symbol. This must be one of their hidden libraries. I’ve heard that there are less than four in the entire world,” Kristiana said. Tom stood up with the help of Cody. 
Kristiana turned and looked at Tom. “It’s said that only one of their order is able to open the way that leads to their libraries. Which one of you found the passageway?”  
“It was me,” Tom said sheepishly. “I saw a book that didn’t look quite right. I went to straighten it, and the shelf swung open.” 
Kristiana looked him over carefully. “Tom, Archelaus was wise in recruiting you, but I’m not sure he understands just how special you really are.”
“And he won’t find out either. It’s very important that none of this is told to anyone outside of this room. Do you all understand?” Karman said.
Kristiana turned on Karman. “He must be told.”
“Not until we know for sure where his loyalties lie. He may be our benefactor, but I’m still the one calling the shots,” Karman said.
Kristiana put her hands on her hips and glared at Karman. “You don’t command me. I make my own decisions and I’ll choose what I do and don’t say.”
John slid in between the two, looking at Kristiana. “Kris, I agree with Karman on this one. This is too much information to just hand over to someone that we’re not completely sure about. Archelaus has been a great help in getting us going, but I don’t trust him completely. There’s something about him that just doesn’t feel right.” 
She glared at John and slowly the tension in her face eased. “Ok, we won’t tell him for now, but I still think this is too important to just sit on. He has powerful allies that could help us understand better what’s happening here.” She started to leave. “We should close this place up and come back in the morning when we’ve had time to rest. Tom, I will talk to you first thing in the morning. Aithnea you need to get your rest.” 
Kristiana and Aithnea left the room and headed down the hallway. Tom began to follow when John stopped him. “You and Cody will sleep in my quarters until we know what we’re dealing with.” Tom nodded and with the help of Cody they made it out of the library and up the stairs. They walked to John’s room and made beds on the floor. Tom got into his bed feeling as if he hadn’t slept for weeks. He fell asleep with little trouble but had a fitful night. 
Tom dreamed of the hallway leading to the secret library, only this time there were several men dressed in black robes, each wore a rose necklace. The men went into the library and stood in front of the table. Another man sat at the table writing in a large book. One man stepped forward and the man at the table stopped writing and looked up. 
“What is it acolyte Nicholas?” the man behind the desk asked.
“Our work here is finished. It’s time to go,” Nicholas said.
The man behind the desk shook his head. “No, I disagree, there’s still much that needs to be done here. My work is not finished. They’ll fail if I leave now.” 
“Our master calls us home. It’s time to leave this world behind. The ritual has begun and we must leave now.”
“I’ll stay here alone then.” Nicholas turned to those that were behind him and they moved forward surrounding the man at the desk. They each raised their hands and clasped the arm of the one standing next to him. The circle of men began to chant. 
The man in the chair cried out, “You don’t understand, this is my mission.” He hurriedly wrote many more lines in the book. “It’s done.”  
“This is your last warning. It’s time to go or we must destroy you,” Nicholas warned.
The man behind the desk looked at the book and then at Nicholas in defiance. “There’ll be one of us who follows and he’ll be able to turn the tide.” These were the man’s last words before his lips twisted in pain. His head bowed down to his chest and his hands came to his head trying to squeeze out the pain. The men in the circle continued to chant until the man no longer screamed. Nicholas said a few words of magic waving his hands toward the ceiling and they left the room. Red eyes dotted the ceiling and as the men left the glow of their light reflected off large fangs dripping with green venom. 







Chapter 9:

Tom woke sweating and shaking. Was that just a dream or did it mean something? He had to know. He quietly walked to where Cody slept and shook him softly. “Hey, Cody. Wake up.” Tom shook him a couple more times but Cody just rolled over and snored. He sat for a few moments before deciding that he had to go by himself. I can do this. I’m always waiting for others to help me. He left the room and headed toward the library walking as quietly as he could. He looked for a light on the way and found a candle and matches. He made his way to the library and went to the open bookshelf. He slowly approached the doorway. Chills ran up and down his spine. This is a bad idea, Tom. 
He made his way down the stairs and to the long hallway that led to the old library. He stopped as he looked down into the dark. What if one of the spiders is still alive? He walked toward the door. The dream vivid in his memory. He had to know if the dream was real. The door felt cold to his touch as he slowly pushed it open. Tom blinked several times. Is this real? Where the skeleton had been sat a man dressed in a black robe, looking directly at him. “Hello Tom,” the man said.
Tom’s voice quivered as he responded, “Hello, sir.”
“I’ve been waiting a long time to meet with you.” His hood removed from his head revealed his white hair and bright blue eyes. A blue rose necklace hung around his neck just as it had hung on the vertebrae of the skeleton. He spoke softly and waved for Tom to come closer. “I’m of the order of the Rose. The order is long gone now and only a few of us remain. We’ve been working to bring a new day into this world. The council has grown greedy and corrupt, causing many to suffer unjustly.” Tom walked closer, a feeling of comfort and peace surrounded the man. “I don’t have much time but you’ll find many of the answers you’re looking for here in this library. The world has grown complacent. They feel they have all they need. The people feel that they can’t be destroyed because of their own greatness.” The man looked down at the book in front of him and turned a couple of pages. “This book is for you. It’ll explain some of the power that is in you.” He smiled as he turned a few more pages. “This is the last page that I wrote, so long ago. You’re our last hope. You must make things right.” 
The man closed the book, smiled at Tom and then vanished. Tom’s mouth dropped in shock. He looked around the dark room and fear returned. He walked to the table where only a skeleton of the man sat. The book lay on the table covered in dust. He touched it, wiped away the dust from the cover and saw four roses. A blue, red, white and brown rose engraved into the old leather stood out as their stems interlaced one with the others. Tom lifted the cover gingerly and saw ancient writing inside. At first he could not read the strange words written on the yellowed pages but as he squinted and looked closer the words came into his mind. The words seemed to skip past his eyes and appear directly in his head, making sense to his mind. 
After looking at a few pages his head started to hurt from the strain and he had to stop reading. He closed the cover and tried to pick up the book but couldn’t. Surprised by its weight, he tried again, but no matter how hard he tried the book would not move. I wonder what’s holding it in place? Tom thought as he stared at the book. Not seeing anything he thought, It must be magic. The candle grew dim and Tom turned and left the room closing the door behind him. He ascended the stairs and walked through the secret door into the library.
Cody ran up the ramp toward him. “Where have you been? We’ve been looking all over for you.” 
Still in deep thought, he looked up at Cody. “I was down in the old library.”
“What were you doing down there?” Cody asked.
“I had a dream about the library.” Tom shuddered as he remembered the screams. “I talked to a man in the old library.” 
“There was someone down stairs?”
Tom shook his head slowly from side to side. “Yes, no. Not a man but a spirit. He showed me a book.”
Cody looked at Tom for a few more seconds then as if he had decided to accept Tom's improbable story, turned to leave. “Well, we better get to the dining room and let everyone know that you’re ok.”
The two boys reached the dining room. “I found him,” Cody yelled.
The others entered the room, relieved to find that Tom was all right. They all sat down at the table. Karman rang a bell and the servant served breakfast while Tom told them about his dream and his meeting with the spirit. After Tom finished relating the tale the group sat contemplating. Kristiana broke the silence. “Tom, where’s the book now?”
“It’s still in the old library. I couldn’t move it,” Tom replied.
Karman pushed his chair back with a loud screech. “Well, let’s go have a look.” Karman stood and the rest followed him down to the old library. The silence felt thick as they gathered in the musty room below and Kristiana looked down at the old book. 
“It has the symbol of the order of the rose on the cover. Four roses with their stems interlaced. The four roses symbolize the four elements of the earth,” Kristiana said. John stepped forward and looked at the cover running his hand slowly over the four roses. Kristiana continued, “It’s said that the order was broken up into four groups that worked as one. Blue for water, red for fire, white or clear for air and brown for earth.” She carefully opened the cover and ran her finger across the page. “This language is foreign to me. I can’t make it out.” Tom hesitated briefly and then came around the table next to Kristiana. He put his finger on the page that she looked at and the words formed in his mind just as they had earlier.
“It says the Order of The Rose, founded when the world first formed, contained only a group of men who could manipulate the energies within themselves. This allowed them to form magic.” His head ached but he continued reading aloud. “This group of men protected the first council who reigned in peace for many generations. The council became greedy and they wanted the power that the order held. They found allies among the order and with their help they were able to overthrow many. The council betrayed their new allies, and through unknown magic, they were able to strip the order of their energy and infuse their own bodies with it. They were known from then on as warlocks and were greatly feared by the people. They no longer cared about peace but only about power and the acquisition of more.” Tom stopped and held his hand to his head. 
“The council continued to grow in its hunger for power and eventually turned on one another. A few of the order escaped the council and created secret libraries that were protected from outsiders. The order continued to fight for peace, but with the reduction of their number, some felt the only way to bring about peace was to strip the whole world of magic. A smaller group within the order feared that if they were to do that, some magic would be left and there would be no one to stop it. The small group thought that the solution would be to have the magic stripped from men and given to a small number of women. These women would need a counterpart who would temper their magic. This small group met together and made a pact calling themselves, The Forsaken Petal.” Tom’s head pounded and the images started to blur.
“That’s enough for now,” Cody said as he grabbed Tom’s arm. “We can read more tomorrow I don’t think the book is going anywhere soon.” Tom, leaning heavily on his friend, let Cody steady him. 
“This is amazing! This is the missing link to how enchantresses were brought into the world. We all study our origins and the importance of counterparts but there’s so much missing in the histories.” Kristiana looked down at the book intently running her fingers along the pages of the book. 
“Tom, you say that the images just come into your head when you look at the book?” Aithnea asked.
“Yes, but it gives me such a horrible headache that it becomes difficult for me to understand the images,” Tom said.
“It would seem that the book is enchanted. Is there a way that we could read it by using a spell?” Aithnea asked.
“This magic is old. I can feel it. I imagine that those spiders you encountered the other day were fashioned from that same magic. I wonder if the man in your dream, the one you called Nicolas... I wonder if he was the one who cast a spell to protect this room?” Kristiana mused as her eyes cast thoughtfully around the ancient chamber.
Tom, feeling better, walked to the bookshelves and looked at the volumes of books that were placed neatly on the shelves. The books looked so old and fragile that Tom did not dare touch them. Many of them had already started to fall apart. 
“Karman, when was this cottage built?” John asked.
Karman pulled on his beard as he looked up at the ceiling. “I’m not right sure.” He stopped pulling on his beard and looked at the skeleton. “But I do know that it has stood on these grounds for well over a hundred years. If I remember right an old man owned it before Archelaus.” 
“I think it’s best if we continue reading this book at a later time. We need to start training you in all aspects of magic so that you can learn to control it better. You’ll be of no use if you lose control and hit your own, or...” looking at Aithnea, “…become too frightened during battle to remember your spells,” Kristiana said. Aithnea bowed her head and put her hands behind her back. 
Tom looked at Aithnea and gave a sympathetic smile. “Yes ma’am,” he said.
Chapter 10:

Tom trained long and hard to learn the simplest of cantrips that Aithnea performed with slightest of effort. The excitement of learning the simple cantrips quickly wore off when Kristiana taught him the more advanced spells, and he made little to no headway. He soon doubted his ability and wondered if he would ever perform the complex spells he watched Aithnea practice. Even though he performed the movements perfectly and recited the words as directed, the energy didn’t materialize. Aithnea encouraged him and stayed by his side through all the days of discouragement, keeping him going.  She pointed out small movements that he would miss or helped, him with the correct pronunciation of difficult words. He grew closer and closer to Aithnea as the winter months turned into spring. He enjoyed her company as they talked about each others pasts and wondered what was to come.  
Cody helped Tom with his swordplay. He pushed him harder and faster than he thought possible. Where he failed in magic he made up double in swordplay. He learned the maneuvers easily and learned to recognize counterattacks without a thought. Cody still outmatched him easily and Tom knew that he would never match his skill, but he still felt good about making Cody sweat on occasion. When he took a break, Tom watched John and Cody duel. It was like watching a magnificent dance with swords flying in every direction. John would feint with his long sword and then twist his dagger bringing it toward Cody’s arm or leg. Cody would deflect the blow and at the same time make a counterattack. John in turn would either block it with his sword or dodge it entirely causing the weapon to go past him, hitting only air. The dance would sometimes go on for hours as the two men became so enthralled that they would lose track of time. Karman yelled out suggestions and gave further direction to Cody as he tried to contend with the much greater skill of John. Tom would watch and mimic their moves, learning to parry and then quickly counterattack.  
On Tom’s fourteenth birthday, the first of three that he spent at the cabin, Karman stayed up late with him. Before a warm fire, they talked about Karman’s younger years, and how he had trained John in everything that he knew. He smiled and laughed as he talked about the old days. At one point Karman became very serious and looking Tom in the eyes said, “Tom I don’t know why, but I feel that you’re very important to this world. You’ll make a difference. You must be brave and you must have the courage to see things through. Listen to your heart,” he said as he pointed to his own, “and remember all of those who have come before you. Remember the sacrifice of our predecessors who have given their very lives so that we have a chance.” He turned and looked at a small picture of a man that sat on the mantle of the fire place. “It’s very important that we do not let them down.” He continued to look at the picture for several minutes and then turned back to Tom, smiling. He laughed and shrugged then continued talking about happier days. 
Tom read from the book in the old library as often as he could, even though it often brought intense headaches and he didn’t get very far. However, he learned that the group called the Forsaken Petal enlisted women and taught them their magic. They taught them sacred codes of honor: serving others needs before their own, protecting the weak, and using magic only for good. The Order of The Rose slowly withdrew and those belonging to the forsaken petal worried they would not be able to accomplish their task in time. They made plans to fake the deaths of some in their order. This would allow them to complete the training of the women they had chosen. However, a problem arose with their plan when a member within the group became disenchanted with their goals and betrayed them. The Order of The Rose acted quickly and mercilessly. They began to destroy the women who had been chosen by the Forsaken Petal and forced the members of the group to be the first to leave the world. A few women escaped the orders wrath, and became known as enchantresses. They continued to train and learn the magic on their own using their counterparts as heroic guards who protected them while they wielded their magic with devastating power. 
As the order left and took their magic with them, the Forsaken Petal’s fear started to become a reality. A small group of women, whom the Forsaken Petal had taught, had the ability to draw energy from those who were near them. These women called upon dark forces to gain power. The women became known as witches and were hunted tirelessly, but to the great despair of the Order of The Rose, they had already grown too powerful and the order too weak. The Forsaken Petal, to their utmost grief, realized that they were the very cause of their greatest fear and lamented their mistake. The order continued to withdraw and with them the magic began to leave the men of the world and so magic passed from men to women. The numbers of the order continued to dwindle. Four men who had established the Forsaken Petal remained. Those four men covenanted with each other that they would stay in this world until they had corrected their wrong. Tom learned that one of them had written the book that he currently read and the other three remained hidden from the order so that they could continue the fight. 
The one who wrote the book sacrificed his life so that he could write the history of the Order of The Rose. The Forsaken Petal hoped that someday a person would come into the world who would re-establish the Order of The Rose. They hoped that this new order would remember the old ways and protect the counsel and the people once again. Not making the same mistakes the old order had made. The book warned the new order to beware of the witches and their power. 
Is the world really as bad as they make it out to be? The witches don’t seem to have that much power. They’ve only occasionally disrupted things. Why does the order fear the witches so much? They would occasionally steal boys but rarely. He’d only heard of it at the orphanage. Tom shrugged and thought, Maybe its subtler things that just aren't seen. Maybe the corruption of the counsel was one of those things?  Tom read from the book as Kristiana wrote what he said. He loved to watch her elegant hands sweep across the pages of her book. Many times during breaks Kristiana would talk to him about magic and its history. These stories reminded him of his mother and how she would tell him stories of dragons and princes. This alone motivated him to keep reading from the book despite the headaches and nightmares that came almost nightly. 
As time passed Tom grew stronger both physically and mentally. He learned to rely more and more on his new friends and trust both Aithnea and Cody for their wisdom and strength. He knew that he would always be able to depend on them. They spent countless hours talking and discussing the book and what they had learned that day. They explored the nearby forest and once found a small hut. Karman told them that the hut had been used as a hiding place if something happened at the cabin. The hut was well supplied and had all of the equipment they would need for a quick escape. John and Karman talked about an escape plan and decided that the hut would be a perfect place to meet should something happen.
Chapter 11:

Tom woke, on the morning of his seventeenth birthday, from another nightmare about the Order of The Rose. The Order had chased down yet another enchantress and snuffed her life out like it was nothing more than a candle flame. The face of her counterpart twisted in pain and fury as he saw her struck down. The man turned on the Order with such fury that it took several bolts of lightning to take him down and even then several of the brethren had been seriously injured. Tom walked out of his room and into the front entryway trying to shake the memory away. He looked out the window and saw the first rays of the sun glistened on a fresh blanket of snow. He wondered at the beauty of the rising sun as it topped the ridge so far off. He reveled in the power of the sun. It had seemed so small a short time ago but as it rose in the sky it now gained power over the darkness. The sun chased the shadows and darkness from every corner of the small valley. I need to watch the sun more. It has so much power and beauty in the renewal of life. 
Tom continued to watch the sun rise for a short time when footsteps approached from behind him. He turned and saw Aithnea standing there with a blanket wrapped around her slim body. The sun warmed her sharp features and turned them into a soft glow. Her long black hair shimmered in the light of the morning rays as it fell lightly across her shoulders. She smiled as he stared at her and became mesmerized by her dark green eyes. Tom wished that this moment would never end. Aithnea slowly raised her hand to his face and moved closer. He felt the warmth of her body as he drew closer to her and put his shaking arms around her, embracing her. He swallowed as he felt the small of her back with his hands and pulled her closer. An energy rose from inside him as they stood close for several minutes. The energy filled him with peace and comfort. And power. Like a small fire had been lit deep within him that he knew could never be extinguished not as long as Aithnea stood by him. He felt the energy rolling around in his body like a slowly building volcano. Aithnea smiled at him for the briefest of moments before resting her head lightly on his chest. He felt her breath come out slow and steady, as he continued to hold her softly against him. The power warmed him from the inside out. He closed his eyes. 
The window exploded behind him. Glass fragments showered down on him and Aithnea. Warm liquid ran down the side of his face where glass had pierced his skin. Several pieces had hit Aithnea as well. Four tiny drops of blood formed on her perfect face. Tom pushed Aithnea toward the door to the dining room as footsteps crashed toward them from the outside. After Running through the door he slammed the door behind them and turned the lock. Aithnea prepared a spell. Tom pushed his own energy toward her adding to her power. The door splintered as a large axe slammed into it from the other side, a huge gash formed in the door. Aithnea finished the spell as another axe hit the door. The gash opened even further. The man standing at the door looked confused, turned and then attacked those who were with him. Several of the men, surprised, fell to his heavy axe. Chaos erupted. The men with red dragon capes turned on each other not knowing who was friend or foe. 
Tom turned to Aithnea, grabbed her arm and ran toward the kitchen door. I hope the others get out. They must have heard the noise. The servant looked up in surprise as the door slammed against the kitchen wall. “You need to get out,” Tom yelled. Tom held Aithnea’s hand and they ran toward the back door. The servant stopped and stared at them. “You must run now,” Tom yelled at the servant again. 
The battle grew closer as they reached the back door. He opened the door and to his horror he saw several of the dragen men running toward them. He had no weapons and felt completely useless. He held Aithnea’s hand and watched the men, with long swords, coming closer and closer. “Tom, concentrate,” Aithnea said. She shook her hand loose from his grip and prepared another spell. He felt the power slowly increase in himself as he started to chant the words with her. The power grew between them manifesting in a shimmering sphere in front of them. Aithnea flicked a small pebble into the sphere and the pebble instantly grew to the size of Tom. The two simultaneously pointed toward the oncoming enemies and the boulder hurtled toward them. The man in front had no chance. The boulder hit him square on. The two behind the man leapt to either side of the man who flew past them thudding into the ground. The large boulder lay on top of him, more than ten feet away. Tom and Aithnea ran past the stunned attackers.
Their pursuers gained on them as they ran toward the forest ahead. Aithnea looked over at Tom. “We can’t go to the meeting place while they’re chasing us.” Tom looked over his shoulder and saw that the two men were only ten yards back and gaining fast. He turned and moved his hands. The men stopped and looked at him briefly before they turned and ran. Tom looked at Aithnea and smiled with a shrug. Aithnea giggled. “You were bluffing weren’t you?” Tom laughed and nodded as they continued on to the hut. 
When they reached the hut they slowed their pace. “Do you think they know about the hut?” Tom asked.
“I don’t think so. There’re no tracks around,” Aithnea replied. Tom couldn’t see any either so he crept closer looking for any signs that someone could be near. 
They entered the small hut and Tom couldn’t see anyone inside. “I don’t think anyone has made it here yet.” 
Aithnea’s lip quivered slightly. “What if they were all captured at the cabin?”
He grabbed her shoulders and said, “They’ll be all right, Aithnea.” Tom pulled Aithnea to him and held her for a few minutes before grabbing a bag which he started to fill with supplies. He found a sword and strapped it to his waist. “We need to prepare for the worst...” he looked up at her quickly, “…it won’t be hard for them to follow our tracks through the snow…You must be freezing!” 
She had only her nightgown and slippers on and he could see goose bumps on her arms and legs. She looked at the door and began to cry. He hurried over to her with a blanket and held her close again. They embraced for a moment and then she wiped the tears from her face. “I’m all right, we need to get going.”
Tom held her at arms length. “There’re some clothes in the chest. I’ll finish packing and then…” Tom looked around bewildered, “…and then I think we better head out.” He looked at the door hoping that John or Karman would come through and tell him what to do, but no one came. He went back to packing while Aithnea got dressed.
Aithnea looked up from tying her shoes. “Someone’s coming.” She grabbed a dagger out of the supplies and held it close. Tom carefully pulled the sword from its scabbard and snuck to the door. His back against a dark corner behind the door, Tom crouched low to get even deeper in the shadow. His breath quickened as he heard the snow crunch outside the door. Whoever came moved fast and struggled as they ran. Tom waited, ready to pounce on whoever came through the door. The persons pace slowed and loud panting could be heard just outside the door. The door started to open slowly. “Tom is that...” Tom pounced, grabbing the person by the arm and throwing him in to the shack. Aithnea moved in quick and brought her dagger down to plunge it into the person’s back. Cody’s eyes opened wide and his face turned as white as the snow outside. 
“Aithnea no, stop” Tom yelled as Cody deftly rolled to the side. The dagger slid to the side of Cody.
“Cody, Cody are you all right?” Aithnea cried. She knelt down next to him and looked him over to make sure.
“I’m fine, lucky you’re slower than me,” Cody said wincing as he smiled at Aithnea. “I’m sure glad to see you guys here. We have got to move fast. I think they’ll be coming soon.”  
“You’re bleeding,” Aithnea said. She pulled his arm closer to inspect the jagged cut on his arm. 
Cody stood and pulled his arm from her. “We don’t have time.” 
“Cody if you bleed to death it won’t matter,” Tom said. Tom grabbed a bandage out of the supplies and wrapped Cody’s arm. 
Aithnea sheathed her dagger and packed another bag. “Where’s Kristiana?” 
“I don’t know. There was a lot of fighting. They were still fighting when I left them. Karman had already fallen.” Cody looked down at his hands. “I couldn’t help him, he, he....” Cody stared blankly at the ground. 
“What do you mean he had already fallen?” Tom asked.
Cody wiped the tears from his face. “There were just too many of them…” he looked up into Tom’s face, “…he held them off long enough for me to escape but then....” Cody couldn’t continue and Aithnea started to cry softly. Tom put his head down grieving for the older man that had been like a grandfather to him. 
Cody put his hand on Tom’s shoulder. “Tom, we need to hurry…” he began packing another bag, “…John told me they would be coming soon and that we needed to be ready to go when they got here.” They packed the gear waiting silently for Kristiana and John to show up. 
“shhh, I hear something,” Tom said putting his finger to his lips. Tom walked to the door and Cody pulled his pistol from its holster. The door burst open knocking Tom to the ground. A man swung his huge axe down toward Tom’s head narrowly missing as Tom rolled into the man’s legs. The man lost his balance and stepped back. Cody’s pistol went off and Tom swung the hilt of his sword into the man’s knee shattering it on impact. The man fell to one knee as another man came into the small room. In one fluid motion Cody pulled his sword from his sheath and swung at the man on the ground. The man leaned back to miss the blade as it came within inches of his face. Tom took his opportunity and rolling to his knees plunged his sword into the man’s chest. The man fell back hard taking Tom’s sword with him, Tom seeing his mistake saw the other man move in quick and swing a huge hammer toward him. Tom jumped to avoid the hammer but moved too slow and he felt the hammer slam him into the wall. He fought to stay conscious as he felt the pain start to overtake him. Aithnea unleashed a fury of small missiles that hit the man as he moved in for the kill. The man screamed out in pain before falling to the ground motionless. 
Tom’s arm throbbed as he dragged himself up using the table for support. “We can’t wait any longer,” he said.
Aithnea looked at him her eyes open wide. “Where will we go? We can’t leave them.” 
Tom came close to her and put his unhurt arm up to her shoulder. “They can take care of themselves. We’ll meet up with them in Darthmoth.” Cody put one of the packs on his shoulder and began to put another one on his other arm. Tom grabbed it from him with his good hand and slung it into place smiling at Cody. “It was just a glancing blow. I’ll be fine in a minute or two.” 
Cody smiled back. “Lets go, tough guy.”
Tom pulled his sword out of the man and cleaned it by wiping it across the red dragon. Motioning to Aithnea, Tom followed Cody out the door. Tom stopped as he saw smoke rising on the horizon from the direction of the cabin. Worry formed on his face. What was the smoke from? Had they burned it down to kill John and Kristiana?
Aithnea ran toward the cabin but Cody grabbed her arm. “No Aithnea, we can’t risk it.”
“Cody maybe we should circle around and see if anyone’s alive,” Tom said still staring at the smoke rising in the air.
“Tom, what if they’re waiting for us?” Cody said.
The three watched the black smoke turning the once clear day black as it blocked the sun. Tom walked toward the cabin. “We can’t leave them behind if they need our help.” No one talked as they headed toward the cabin none of them wanting to voice what they feared they would find there. As they left the trail that led to the hut, Cody covered their tracks with a sweep of branches and they carefully circled around towards the other side of the cabin. They walked slowly through the snow staying behind trees and boulders to stay out of sight. At the top of a ridge in front of the cabin they went down on their stomachs and crawled to the top. Tom looked over the top of the ridge and saw many bodies lying around the cabin but no movement. The cabin burned, sending black smoke high into the sky. Some of the trees closest to the cabin had started on fire as well but it didn’t appear to be spreading. 
“I don’t see anything,” Tom said. “Do you think that it’s a trap?”
“I don’t know,” Cody replied.
“I could enchant an animal to go and have a look,” Aithnea offered.
“You can do that?” Tom asked in surprise.
“Yeah it’s a simple enchantment the tricky part is getting the animal to do what you want them to.”
“That’s a good idea Aithnea,” Cody said.
“Wait, what’s that?” Tom said pointing toward the cabin.
A group of people came around the corner as Aithnea started casting her spell. A woman wearing a jet black dress with black feathers coming out of it at the neck led the group. She looked around in disgust at the dead bodies lying on the ground and then scanned the horizon as another group of men came around the house. “Did you find them?” the woman crowed. 
A big man stood in front of her. “There’s no sign of them anywhere, they must have escaped the fire.” 
“What about the three that headed into the forest?” She asked.
“I sent two scouts but neither of them has returned.” The woman continued to scan the mountain for a few more minutes before turning and looking at the man. 
The man shrunk at her gaze. “You idiot! We had them and now we’ve lost them. If you had covered the back like I suggested then they would’ve been ours by now,” the woman said.
“Listen here Ahti…” the man said, pointing at the woman, “…if your spell had worked correctly we would have had the boy and the girl right now without even a fight. So instead of having no fight, like you promised, I have seven dead men and probably more in the fire.” 
“It wasn’t my fault. The house must have had an enchantment of protection on it,” Ahti said looking at the cabin. “This is an ancient location much older than the cabin itself.”
The man looked at her for a moment longer then looked at his guards. “I don’t want to risk any more of my men. This wasn’t in the bargain.” Ahti glared at him and raised her hand to the height of his neck. Her hand closed slowly. The man reached for his neck, his face turning red. The man’s group looked at the witch and pulled their weapons out. The group with the witch pulled their swords out and charged. 
Tom ducked down and listened to the ensuing battle hearing men scream and swords clanking on metal. He shivered as he lay in the snow wondering what to do next. Aithnea was close on one side and Cody on the other. “At least they’re killing each other,” Cody whispered. The battle died down and the noise stopped coming from the other side of the ridge. Tom slowly lifted his head and looked over the rim. Ahti stood with three other men who cleaned their swords on the fallen. She looked at the cabin one last time and turned toward the road. 
“We need to get more scouts to find them. We’re done here for now,” Ahti said. She walked toward the road and out of view with the three men following close behind. 
Tom watched for several minutes, hardly breathing. “Are they gone?” he asked.
“I don’t know. But it looks safe to go down, maybe we should go down on the back side of the cabin just to be safe,” Cody replied. They circled around to the back of the cabin and approached it cautiously. The cabin still burned making it impossible to get to close to the building. Tom looked into the burning building but could see nothing but smoke and flames. 
Tom turned suddenly hearing a sound behind him. John waved for them up on the hill behind the cabin. Tom grabbed Aithnea and Cody and started to run toward John. The three topped the small hill and John quickly pulled them down, “It’s not safe yet. We need to get going now.” John had many cuts on his arm and body and his hair had turned black from soot and ash and when they moved out, he had a slight limp. His clothes were torn in many places and stained with blood. John ran away from the burning cabin for several minutes. Tom felt his throat begin to burn from the strain of running for so long. When Tom thought that he could not continue farther John finally stopped. Tom caught up to him and saw Kristiana lying on the ground with her eyes closed and her breathing shallow and ragged. Her clothes were torn and tattered and in many places it looked like they had been burned clear through. Blood speckled her mouth, which John wiped away with a clean part of his shirt. He held her head and lifted her up to give her a drink from the water skin that hung around his waist.
“I found them, Kris,” John said softly. Kristiana opened her eyes and gave John a small smile then closed her eyes again.  Aithnea fell down next to Kristiana and held her hand. 
“What happened, John?” Cody asked.
“There were too many of them, and combined with the witch’s power, we couldn’t hold them off,” John said.
John looked back toward the cabin then dropped his gaze. “After you headed toward the hut, we tried to follow but were surrounded. Karman...” John sat silent for a few moments and then looked up again. “…Karman fell covering our retreat. I got Kris out of the cabin before the witch started the fire to finish us off.” Tom looked toward the cabin. The pain of Karman’s death weighed heavily on his mind. “If it hadn’t been for Karman we all would’ve been dead,” John said. John held Kristiana’s other hand and waited until the tears stopped falling. 
Kristiana opened her eyes and in a weak voice said, “John we need to be going. I think I’ve regained enough energy to move.” John raised Kristiana up to a sitting position. Putting her arm around his neck and his arm around her waist she stood. Aithnea held Kristiana’s other arm and gave her support from the other side as they headed off.
“Where’re we going?” Tom asked.
“We’ll go to Darthmoth. We’ve friends there,” John replied. 
“What about Archelaus?” Cody asked.
“We’ll contact him there.” 
Chapter 12:

John and Aithnea supported Kristiana as they walked for several hours toward Darthmoth. Tom and Cody, wrapped up in their own despair at the loss of Karman, kept talking to a minimum. 
Why did he have to die? Where is he now? Life isn’t fair. First I lose my mom and dad and now Karman. Am I cursed to lose everyone that I care about?  Tom wiped the sweat from his forehead. The day had grown hot even while patches of snow still fought to survive in the early spring air. The path to Darthmoth wound its way through the trees and over stony hills. Bushes crowded the sides of the road and the occasional squirrel chattered at them from above. Don’t be a baby, Tom. You have to be strong. If mom and dad are still out there, you need to be strong enough to find them. Karman wouldn’t want you to be crying over him.
The pack on Tom’s back grew heavier and heavier as they traveled, the trail started to descend a little and the footing grew slippery as the snow melted over the path. Tom slipped on a rock but luckily Cody caught him before he fell into the ever increasing mud. “You ok?” Cody asked.
“Yeah, I’m ok.” Thankfully Cody’s still here to catch me. Tom smiled at his friend.
“What’s the grin for,” Cody asked.
“Nothing. Just glad I met you.”
“Thanks Tom. I’m glad I met you too.” Cody slugged Tom in the shoulder. “Now stop being such a cheese ball and watch where you’re going.” Tom feigned hurt then smiled. The mood lightened and the boys talked about their trainings while they walked. 
After traveling for what felt like an eternity John put his hand up and pointed toward a small shack off in the distance.  “There’s a hunting shack up ahead,” he said. John lowered Kristiana to a rock and said, “Aithnea, you wait here with Kristiana. We’ll go and check things out.” Tom, Cody and John jogged toward the shack slowing when they were within a short distance of the building. The back side of the building had a single window to the left of a back door. The paint on the wooden slats’ peeled in many spots. The roof looked in disrepair and no smoke came from the chimney. In fact the whole place looked like it had seen better days. John pulled his sword from his scabbard while they crept closer. They circled around to the front of the building. John stepped on the wooden deck careful to avoid the rotting holes and grabbed a rusty chain that wrapped around the door handle. One of the two windows was broken. John pointed to either side of the door. Tom and Cody took their places. John looked at the chain for a second and then hit it several times with the hilt of his sword. After a few hits the rusty lock broke and the chain fell loose to the wooden deck. John opened the door and peered in. “It looks empty.” He slowly walked in. “Tom, go and get Kris and Aithnea. Cody and I’ll get things a little more comfortable here.”
Tom ran toward the women, reaching them quickly and through gasps of air he said, “It's empty.” Tom and Aithnea helped Kristiana cover the distance to the shack, one on each side. By the time they reached the shack, Cody and John had already put a board in front of the two windows and had cleaned an area where Kristiana could lay down. John covered Kristiana with a blanket that he had found in the back and then looked to her wounds. Tom looked through his pack and found some clean bandages and handed them to John.
“Thanks, I’m glad you guys were able to get supplies from the hideout,” he said. “Aithnea could you get some clean snow from outside that we can heat up.” Pointing to the pack he said, “Tom, I think there should be a heating tablet in the pack.” Aithnea took a small pan out of the pack and went outside. Tom pulled the warming pellet out of the pack and broke it so that it would start to heat up. He found an old tin plate in a cupboard and put the pellet into it. Aithnea returned with the pan overflowing with snow and placed it on top of the pellet. Within minutes the snow had melted and warmed up. John had, in the meantime, torn Kristiana’s clothes away from her burns and wounds and took a clean rag and dabbed it into the water. He gently washed her wounds and then applied the bandages. Color slowly returned to Kristiana’s face as she warmed up and the pain eased. John turned to the rest of the group and smiled. “Who’s next?”
He started to mend the others as best he could with the limited supplies they had. After he cared for the others he worked on his own wounds. Tom and Cody looked around the small shack and found some more blankets along with some clothes. After everyone had been bandaged Cody broke out some food from the packs and handed it out. Tom wrapped a blanket around himself and ate the food Cody offered him, but the emptiness in his heart lingered. Was there really a heaven like his mom had talked about or was that just a way to comfort him about his grandmother’s death? His grandmother had belonged to the sisterhood as well. He smiled remembering the little butterflies she would conjure up for him. He never knew his grandfather but he imagined that he had probably been like Karman. He ate his food slowly, thinking of the many nights by the fire listening to Karman, talk about the “good old days.” Those were the days when the council cared about the people more than their own power. According to Karman, the council had become corrupt due to their neglect of the old laws and their inability to adapt to the new technology. Kristiana would argue with him while John got stuck in the middle. Karman would become riled up and begin to shout but in the end he would grin and make some sort of joke that would ease the tension. I can’t believe you’re gone.
“We need to set up watch duty,” John said. Tom jerked, startled out of his memories. “I’ll take the first shift, then Tom, then Aithnea. Cody you take the last watch,” John said. John looked over at Cody preparing his bed. “Make sure we’re awake at the first hint of light. We have a long ways to go and I don’t think it’ll take them long to organize and find our trail.”
Tom wrapped his blanket around himself and lay down. He tried to block out the day not wanting to think about the loss of Karman. He pictured Aithnea, in the morning sun instead. He had wanted to hold her for a long time. Maybe from the very first time I saw her coming down the stairs behind Kristiana and John at the mansion. It seemed so natural, as if they were one. He still remembered the power and warmth that came from the embrace, and he wanted to feel it again. He smiled softly, falling asleep thinking about Aithnea and her long black hair. 
John shook him awake. “It’s your turn, Tom. There’s a chair by the window, keep an eye out the window and every once in awhile check the back,” he said. Tom nodded sleepily and dragged his blanket to the chair. John patted Tom’s head and headed off to sleep. Tom watched out the window trying to remember the different spells that he had learned and practiced the gestures as he watched. He found it hard to stay awake and decided he should check the back window to stay awake. He walked past the group asleep on the ground into the back room and looked out the back window. He squinted. Is that a man? My eyes must be playing a trick on me? Tom rubbed his eyes. It is a man. The man had a large pack on his back and he used a staff to hold himself up. He staggered and nearly fell many times as he made his way to the cabin. Tom ran into the other room and woke John. “There’s a man outside coming from the back.”
John jumped to his feet and ran with Tom to the back of the house. Where’d he go? Maybe it was a dream? 
John looked out the window into the darkness. “Are you sure you saw someone?”
“Yeah, he was hunched over and carried a pack and everything. He had a staff. I’m sure I saw him. He looked hurt,” Tom said. 
John rubbed the window, cleaning part of it. “Go check the front.”
Tom ran to the front and looked out the windows but didn’t see anything. Maybe it was just a dream. 
John came in from the back and looked out the front windows. He looked at Tom. “Are you sure you saw something out there.”
“I thought I did but maybe I imagined it,” Tom said. John looked out the window again and then went into the backroom. Tom followed and when he stepped through the doorway John grabbed him and pushed him against the wall. John put his finger to his lips and pointed out the window. A man struggled up to the window. He got to the window and peered into the shack, looking side to side. The man had a big scar running across his left cheek and wrinkle creased his forehead. He stepped back from the window and walked around the side of the building. John pushed past Tom into the next room pulling his pistol from its holster. Tom turned and saw the man walk in front of the window and begin to turn the handle. The door opened. “Don’t move,” John shouted at the man. 
The man stepped back in alarm then smiled. “I’m not here to hurt you, young man.”
“Hold your hands up so I can see them.” The man held his hands out in front of him showing that he had nothing in them. John walked toward him. 
“Maybe I should close the door so that it doesn’t get any colder in here,” the man said. John nodded and the man closed the door.
“Who are you?” John asked.
“I’m no one of consequence. I’ve been traveling for many days from the north,” He lowered his hands and continued “I’ve come looking for a man by the name of Archelaus. I must speak with him.” John motioned with the pistol and the man raised his hands again. “I've had a long journey, I’m very tired, and if you don’t mind, I would like to rest.” The man shrugged and lowered his hands as he walked to a chair. He sat down ignoring the pistol in John’s hand. The moonlight shined through the window on the old man. He had a long, grey, tangled beard with twigs caught in it. He wore a plain grey robe that was ripped and stained. He walked slowly and favored one leg. 
“What’s your name?” John asked.
“My name’s Caspin the Grey,” he replied with a smile. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a pair of eyeglasses. Putting them on, Caspin said, “And who are my fine hosts this evening?”
“My name’s John.” John pointed to Tom. “This is Tom.”
“It’s nice to make your acquaintance good sirs.” He nodded. Cody and Aithnea stirred. Cody looked up. He jumped to his feet with his sword drawn. “Wow, you are a jumpy bunch aren’t you,” Caspin said with a chuckle. 
“We’ve had some hard times recently,” John said. 
Caspin looked down at Kristiana. “I can see that.” He moved toward Kristiana. 
“Don’t get any closer,” John said.
Caspin looked at John. “Don’t be afraid of me. I’m a friend.” Caspin reached out his hand toward Kristiana. “She’s injured more than you’re able to repair,” Caspin said. He knelt beside her and as he did a feeling of peace and warmth filled the room. 
Caspin could never hurt anyone. All the feelings of dread fled Tom’s soul. Caspin lightly placed his hands on Kristiana’s face and bowed his head. 
“He’s a healer,” Cody whispered to Tom as Caspin spoke a few words under his breath. Kristiana’s breathing quieted. Caspin’s shoulders’ visibly sagged as he moved his hands away from Kristiana. Slowly, he rose to his feet and struggled towards the nearest chair. John grabbed Caspin before he fell and helped him sit.
“Caspin, I’m sorry for the disrespect,” John said. 
“There’s no harm done.” He sighed and said, “Please, in my bag is some tea will you prepare it for me?” 
Caspin breathed heavily, his head sagged. “I’m not as young as I used to be that’s for sure.” He smiled at the group. “Your friend will be fine.” He looked up at John, “How did this happen?”
“We were attacked by men from across the sea. They are known as the Red Dragon Clan. Kris,” John looked down at Kristiana, “Kristiana is an enchantress and I’m her counterpart.” He turned and looked out the window and said, “They attacked while we slept and their numbers overwhelmed us quickly. A witch accompanied them and focused on Kristiana, drawing much of her energy.” 
“She pulled energy from an enchantress?” Caspin asked. John looked at Caspin then back to the window as he nodded. Caspin patted his shoulder softly. “It’ll be ok.”
“Thank you for your help. We were surprised by her power and don’t know how she managed it.” John looked back at Kristiana, “I tried to aid her by giving her more life energy but Kris wouldn’t take it. She must have realized that I needed my strength to get us out of there. Somehow she managed to keep up a spell long enough for us to escape.” 
“She must be a powerful enchantress. To hold up against a witch who can sap her energy must have been very difficult,” Caspin said. Tom handed some tea to Caspin. “Thank you.” He nodded and said, “I have healed her wounds but the energy can only be replaced with time.” He sipped at his tea. “I wonder why the red dragon clan is attacking this far inland. Do you know what they are after?” Caspin asked.
“It’s not what, but who,” John replied. “We believe that they’re after Tom.” John gestured toward Tom and continued. “He has a gift that has not been seen in this world for many generations.”
Why is John telling him so much? What if he is with the witch?
Caspin looked over at Tom raising his eyebrows and John continued, “He’s able to use his life energy to create magic. But not only that, he’s able to combine that energy with a counterpart. His counterpart is Kristiana’s apprentice, Aithnea.” Caspin looked at Tom studying him intently. 
Why is he looking at me? I’m not that special. He stood and came close to Tom lifting his hand to Tom’s chest. Caspin mumbled a few unknown words as he moved his hand up to Tom’s forehead. He then sat back down in his chair. Tom fidgeted as Caspin stared at him longer.
“You speak the truth,” Caspin said, “He does have the gift of the old Order of the Rose. It’s strong in him but I’ve never heard of the order using or needing a counterpart.” 
John nodded. “We’re planning on going to Darthmoth where we can get a ride to the mansion of Archelaus. Archelaus recruited him, and we trained him there until we were attacked.”
Tom sat on the floor I wonder who Caspin is and how he came to this place at the same time we were here. Why would a healer know so much about the order?  The odd thing about it though, is that I trust him. It feels right that he is here.
John sat down next to Caspin. “I still don’t know how they could have found us. The witches have grown powerful. Kristiana had protective spells up at all times.” 
“It sounds as if you may have been betrayed,” Caspin said.
“No one knew where we were but a select few. Those who knew were loyal to Archelaus,” John said.
Caspin put his empty cup down on the table and looked around. “Well, I’m much too tired to think about this tonight. I think it would be wise if we all went to sleep and talked about it more tomorrow.” He stood with a groan. “I’ll bless this shack. We need not worry about our enemies tonight.” Caspin knelt on the hard wood floor and blessed the home. Tom’s heart and mind filled with peace. His worries fled and he found that he had become very tired all of a sudden. He stumbled to his bed almost falling asleep as he walked the short distance. He lay down and was asleep before his head hit the floor.








Chapter 13:

Tom woke with the sun shining in his eyes. He had slept so well he wondered if it had all been just another nightmare. He quickly realized that the nightmare was real as he looked at the old wood surrounding the window.  He thought about the previous day's battle and of Karman’s death. The peace he felt a short moment ago fled and was once again replaced with sorrow. He lay for a little longer thinking about Karman and all that he had learned from him. His gruff smile, his bear hugs and all the other things that made Karman, Karman. A tear rolled out of his eye and down his cheek. “Tom, there’ll be many that you care for who’ll go from this world into the next,” Caspin said, “It’s important that you feel their passing and remember the good they’ve done for this world.”
Did he see me crying? How does he know what I’m thinking?
Tom looked up at Caspin, who watched the rising sun. “The danger lies in not letting them go,” he said. He looked down at Tom.
He looks so sad.
 “The danger is that you continue to hold them so tight that you forget about those who remain. And when that feeling of sadness turns to bitterness, all you have left in your heart is hate and anger.” Caspin sat in the old wooden chair as the sun shone through his scraggly grey hair. He seemed to glow. He smiled at Tom softly. He patted his chest. Tom sat up and Caspin pulled his pack to him and rummaged through it. After a few seconds of searching, he pulled a wooden figurine out. “Here Tom, take this. It was a gift that was given to me a long time ago by a very close friend.” He handed the figurine to Tom. The figurine was of a man holding a child in his arms. The details of the hands and face where so well done that Tom could see the individual wrinkles carved into the soft wood surface and the creases in the baby’s tubby rolls. As Tom held the figurine he felt unnatural warmth radiating from the small carving. “It’s very special to me but I can see that in the future you’ll need it much more than I.” He sipped at his tea. “Keep it close. It will give you the comfort you need to make it through the night.” 
“Thank you, sir,” Tom said. Tom studied the small figurine and Caspin turned and talked to John about the day’s plans. To Tom’s surprise the figurine changed in his hand. He almost dropped it. The piece of wood took on a new shape and was no longer a man holding a small child, but a much larger man with a long beard holding a large hammer over his shoulder. When the wood finished changing, Tom smiled warmly at the figurine. The figurine had changed into an exact duplicate of Karman. The miniature Karman smiled back at him with one of his huge, wide mouthed grins. Tom said, very softly, “Karman, I promise I’ll not let you down.” Tom slipped the figurine into his pocket still feeling the warmth of it there when Aithnea came up to him.
“How you doing?”
“I’m doing much better. Caspin gave me the most amazing thing,” Tom replied. He pulled the figurine out of his pocket and handed it to Aithnea.
She stared at the figurine and her mouth dropped open. “This is amazing, I’ve heard of these before. They were made by ancient healers who could not only heal people but the land and animals as well.” 
Aithnea looked at him in amazement. “This is very special. Keep it close. Always.” Aithnea handed the figurine tenderly back to Tom.
“I’ll take good care of it.” Tom put the figurine back into his pocket, feeling the warmth once again.
“Ok, it’s time that we get going,” John said. “We’ll be heading toward Darthmoth. If we hurry we should be able to reach it tomorrow night.” John looked over the small group and stopped on Cody. “You’ll need to stay on rear guard to hide our trail. Tom you’ll need to help. Aithnea you’re responsible for taking care of Kristiana and I’ll take the lead.” John turned to Caspin. “Caspin we’re honored to have you with us, and we’ll do our best to help you in your journey.”
Caspin nodded. “It’s a pleasure to be traveling with such an honorable group.” Tom picked up his pack and Aithnea helped Kristiana up. Kristiana looked much better but she still leaned heavily on Aithnea. John looked over the group one more time before turning and heading out the door. Caspin followed, then Aithnea and Kristiana, while Tom and Cody took up the rear. Tom and Cody used large branches to cover their trail as best they could. Even after covering their tracks Tom felt that it would only take a mediocre tracker to find and follow them. 
The day grew colder and the sky turned from bright blue to dark grey as clouds moved in. Soon snow fell out of the sky making it unnecessary for them to work on covering their tracks. That was the good part, otherwise it only made a miserable day even more miserable. Caspin and John talked back and forth and John seemed to be upset by the conversation but Tom couldn’t tell what it they talked about. Aithnea supported Kristiana, talking to her softly once in awhile, while Tom and Cody passed the time talking about their training once again. He felt like they had walked forever, and he didn’t have much feeling left in his toes, when John finally stopped the group at the mouth of a cave. He looked over the dismal group and said, “I think we better hole up here for the night. Tom and Cody gather some fire wood.” 
Tom cringed when he looked into the cave. Is this really a good place to camp? He shrugged. At least it’ll be dry. He studied the unwelcoming camp a few minutes longer then caught up with Cody to help gather fire wood. They found plenty of dead wood, but the snow had made most of it wet. Eventually, though, Tom and Cody found enough dryer wood that they hoped would light and headed back to the cave. John had already formed a crude fire ring and had gathered several large bushes and branches that could be put in front of the mouth of the cave, while Aithnea had gathered snow into a pan and made tea. Caspin looked exhausted as he sat on a boulder staring out the cave entrance and Kristiana, still weak, sat beside Caspin as though his very closeness might give more healing. Tom dumped the wood next to the fire pit. John lit some dry tinder and carefully put the driest wood onto the fire. He then stacked the damper pieces close by to dry. To Tom’s joy the fire started quickly and burned warm enough to bring feeling back into his toes. As he stood with his back to the fire Tom made a closer examination of the cave. The walls were worn and smooth and although at first glance the cave appeared small, it became apparent that a passage ran out from the back of the cave. The firelight didn’t reach far into the passage as it twisted and turned deeper into the mountainside.  
Cody came up behind him. “I wonder if we have a little time to go exploring.” He gestured with his chin towards the passage.
“We won’t get too far without one of Aithnea’s light spells,” Tom said.
“Aithnea, you wanna come?” Cody asked. Aithnea looked at Kristiana. 
She nodded. “Yeah I’ll come.”
“Don’t go too far. You never know what’s down in these old caves,” John said. Cody nodded and Aithnea cast a light spell as they headed into the passage.  As usual Cody led with Aithnea and Tom following close behind. The smooth passage wound deeper into the mountain with no indication that anyone had traveled it for years. The passage continued for about a hundred yards then it bent sharply to the right. As they approached the bend Cody tripped on something and fell landing face down on the hard passage floor. Tom stooped to help him up. “Are you ok?” 
“Yeah, I’m fine,” Cody said. He looked closer at the floor and said, “Aithnea can you get more light down here.” He rubbed the dust away from the floor. “It looks like stone down here.” 
“Well Cody, you’re in a cave,” Tom smirked.
“No, cut stone,” Cody said, emphasizing the word cut. Tom and Aithnea laughed while the magic light lowered closer to the ground. Cody scraped more dirt away clearing more of the floor. Tom knelt down next to Cody and examined the floor.  The stone floor had definitely been cut by tools. He stood up and looked closer at the walls. The walls were rough and appeared to have been cut naturally by the wind or water but definitely not tools. 
“This is odd, it looks like there are only about ten blocks laid down here and then it’s back to the cave floor,” Cody said. 
Aithnea walked to the wall opposite Tom and scraped at the stone. “Look at this, guys,” she said. “There’s more cut stone over here.” Tom walked over to Aithnea and looked at the wall then dug at it where it joined the floor. The cut stone on the wall definitely connected to the ones on the floor. Aithnea and Tom cleared the wall of dirt and found that the worked stone covered a large space on the cave wall. Tom studied the wall for a moment and then scraped along the edges. He discovered that the bottom edge was not fused to the floor like he expected. “It’s a door,” Aithnea exclaimed. 
“That’s what it looks like, but how do we open it,” Cody said.
Tom ran his hand over the entire door. “There’s something engraved in the door.” As he scraped more of the dirt away, the engraving became clearer. “It almost looks like a flower,” Tom gasped. He scraped furiously. “More specifically, a rose.” 
Aithnea tapped her chin with her finger, “Maybe it’s a key hole and we just need the key to open it.”
Cody stepped closer to the rose in the door and examined it. “I think you’re right Aithnea.” 
“No, I don’t think so. It’s a puzzle of some sort. We’re just missing part of the puzzle,” Tom said.
Tom felt along the opposite wall looking for any abnormalities. As he ran his hand across the wall a part of the wall stuck out oddly. Tom brushed away the dirt and dust that had built up around it. A knob with a dial of some sort stuck out from the wall. The dial pointed to several symbols around it. Tom scraped around the symbols and loosened the knob so that it could be turned. “Aithnea, bring the light over here.” Aithnea walked over to Tom and the light illuminated the symbols on the wall. “Do you recognize any of the symbols?” Tom asked.
She looked at the dial and the symbols on the wall, “yes…” she squinted, “…well some of them.” She touched the symbols one by one, “fire, water, earth, and wind,” she pointed to the next four, “I’m not sure what these four are.”
Tom looked back at the door. “Do you think that this has something to do with the Order of the Rose?”
“Well there’s the rose symbol on the door.” Aithnea looked again at the engraving on the door and then looked back at Tom. “And when you read out of the book, it talked a lot about the four elemental powers.”
“If this is something the order did then something I read may be a clue,” Tom said. “The book talked about how the colors of the roses represented each of the elements.”
Aithnea’s face lit up and she twisted the dial. “Those other four symbols represent each of the four colors.”  She twisted the dial one way and then back the other way. The dial clicked. Cody jumped away from the door as the rose turned blue. 
Aithnea let go of the dial. “Hmmm have we thought this through completely.”
Cody smiled at her. “Do we ever. But keep going.” Aithnea hesitated a moment longer then turned back to the dial. There were three more clicks and the rose turned from blue to red then white and finally brown. A gust of warm air hit Tom in the face as the door swung open. Bright light came from the entrance. Beyond the opening a well lit hallway ran for several hundred feet. The same cut stone that outlined the wall and floor lined the inside of the hallway.
“Maybe we should go and get John, remember what happened last time we headed out on our own. Plus, it’s getting late,” Aithnea said. 
Cody looked at Aithnea and smiled. “Are you scared?” 
Aithnea glared. “No, I just don’t like to head off down unknown passages.”
“Let’s just go a little ways and then we can give them more information,” Tom suggested. Cody smiled at Aithnea again and walked through the door. Tom followed close behind. Aithnea hesitated only a moment before hurrying after the boys. Bowl shaped fixtures with brown glowing crystals in them lit the passage. The floor seemed well worn despite the years of dust that covered it and the walls and ceiling were neatly made behind the long strings of cobwebs. Eventually the hallway split off into two directions. The lights continued in both directions. The hallway to the right ended with a door and the one to the left bent out of sight. Cody turned right toward the door. The wood door had a metal handle with a rose carved into it. Cody opened the door and musty air breathed into the hallway.
This place probably hasn’t been opened for centuries. What have we gotten into this time? The lights on the side of the walls glowed illuminating the gigantic room. In the middle of the room a large table with twelve chairs surrounding it sat. Twelve more chairs, placed directly behind the ones at the table, surrounded the wall. Tom gasped as he saw that in each of the chairs except four sat skeletons hunched over the table. Twelve skeletons were in the chairs that sat against the walls as well. In the center of the table four roses glimmered, one white, one blue, one red, and one brown. At the far end of the room a huge tapestry hung on the wall. The tapestry depicted a huge battle between men, many of whom wore robes of white, blue, brown and red. The men with the robes all had some sort of magic coming from their hands. The other men wore armor and battled on the front lines with long jagged swords. On their backs, cloaks of white, blue, brown or red billowed as they fought. Tom walked to the tapestry to study it closer. 
“It’s a marvelous tapestry isn’t it?” Tom jumped at the voice of an old man by his side. The man studied the tapestry along side him. 
Where had he come from? Who is he? Tom scanned the room. There’s no where to run. The man wore a grey robe with its hood pushed back revealing red hair. The man’s white, rose necklace stood in contrast to the man’s braided red beard.  
He looked at Tom. “This tapestry tells a lot about the first days when magic had just begun in our world.” Tom, still staring at the man in disbelief, struggled to find something to say. “In the beginning there were many wars, much bloodshed. Brother fought brother. Fathers killed their own sons, all in the pursuit of greater power, all in the name of magic.” He stepped closer to the tapestry touching it. “They forgot the true purpose of magic. They forgot that they had been given the sacred privilege to use it for good. Tom, you have been given that privilege to do good as well.” He looked at Tom and whispered, “You have been given the opportunity to prove your worth. To prove that there is still good in this world. Yours is the sacred calling of truth and justice. You must stand up in the darkness and let a light show forth to the entire world that others may also stand.” The man’s eyes seemed to plead with him as he spoke, “You must correct our wrongs and make magic a thing of good once again.” 
A shiver ran up Tom’s spine as he listened to the man. How can they expect me to right their wrongs? I’m just a kid. I can’t do this, but maybe I can. Maybe people will finally respect me. He had always wanted to be special, to change things. 
The man looked over at Aithnea and Cody who stood motionless. Their eyes looked blankly ahead. “Keep your friends near you at all times they will be a great strength unto you. Trust them, rely on them and remember that you are not alone.” The man waved his hand slightly and then disappeared.  
“Wow, that’s an amazing tapestry,” Aithnea said.
“Are you ok, Tom, you look as if you just saw a ghost,” Cody said. 
Tom stared blankly at his friends. He closed his mouth and then shook his head. He turned from them and looked more closely at the tapestry, ignoring their stares. “I saw a man. He said the tapestry told about the beginning of magic in this world.”
Aithnea looked at Tom in surprise. “You saw someone?” Cody and Aithnea looked nervously around the room.
“Well, I think I saw someone it may have been...” Tom stopped, thinking of how ridiculous he must sound. “Well whoever or whatever it was, he's gone now.” He rubbed his arms suddenly feeling cold. His breath formed small clouds as he breathed. A chill ran up the back of his neck as the lights on the walls flickered. His stomach churned and fear seeped into his body. 
Cody drew his sword and edged toward the door. “I think we’d better leave.” Tom and Aithnea showed their agreement by walking quickly toward the door. The skeletons looked much more animated than when they had first entered the room. As Tom reached the door the first skeleton rose. “RUN!” Cody yelled. He ran down the hallway with Tom and Aithnea right behind him. The lights on the walls dimmed as Tom’s feet pounded on the hard stone floor. He felt a presence of evil closing in behind him. 
A scream chilled him to the heart and cut through the fog of his fear. He felt Aithnea reaching out to him with her magic. Tom fought the fear that drove him forward and managed to control it enough to stop. Turning, he couldn't see Aithnea behind him. Where is she? The lights were out leaving only darkness. Sweat ran down his face and back. Fear overwhelmed him making it impossible for him to concentrate or think straight. Aithnea where are you? All there is is darkness. Darkness and evil. He closed his eyes and tried to shut the fear out. Slowly, he concentrated on the light cantrip. The fear retreated a little from the power that grew inside him. He pulled on the magical force that Aithnea pushed toward him. “Mitt-lumen,” Tom spoke the words of the light cantrip and pushed the power inside of him out through his finger. To his amazement and joy, a small orange light appeared in the air in front of him just as the rest of the lights in the hallway went completely out. Aithnea stood at the end of the hallway in the clutches of a skeleton. Its jagged grin sent another chill up Tom’s back. Seeing the fear in Aithnea’s eyes his breath caught in his throat. Bony fingers held a dagger at her throat. The fear wrapped its deadly clutches once again around his heart and the small light dimmed. Tom lost concentration and control of the magic. The skeleton’s grin widened and the thing cackled. Tom shrunk in fear as he saw hope fade from Aithnea’s eyes. The light was gone. 
Tom stood in darkness, the hopelessness making it impossible for him to move. He fell to his knees and bowed his head. How could I have given up? There’s no reason to go on. The hallway suddenly exploded into brilliant light, the skeleton shrieked as it dropped the dagger from Aithnea’s throat. Tom slumped to the ground and watched in shame as John ran past him. A white sphere, hurled from Kristiana, surged over his head, slamming into the skeletons down the hall. Aithnea, now free ran toward Tom, tears freely falling down her face as she ran. 
The first skeleton, no longer grinning, pulled a long sword from its sheath and charged John. The two collided in a bone jarring thud. John deflected the skeleton’s sword and smashed another skeleton into the wall. It cracked loudly. Tom stood. With fear now gone and only shame and hate remaining. He pulled his sword from its scabbard and ran toward the battle. Tom yelled and allowed rage to overtake his feelings, hoping that the shame would never return. Tom slipped by John and swung his sword at the skeleton in his path. His sword hit, breaking the hard bone with a loud crack causing the skeleton to drop his own weapon. The skeleton turned on Tom lashing out with its clawed hand narrowly missing as Tom sidestepped. Tom swung again, wanting to break the skeleton into tiny fragments. You’ll pay for what you did to Aithnea. 
Arrows flew through the air, one whizzed past Tom hitting the wall behind him. He slashed out with his sword, again hitting bone. The skeleton fell with a loud clatter. Two more arrows flew into the battle thudding into the walls around Tom. A flash of hot white light screeched past Tom. It exploded a skeleton about to swing its crude axe toward his head. Tom kicked out at the skeleton that had fallen, and connecting with its head, the skeleton slumped to the ground. John rushed past Tom and engaged two more skeletons. Tom screamed. He felt a sharp pain in his back. He turned and saw a skeleton with red blood dripping from its sharp talons. He raised his sword to deflect yet another blow. Several missiles slammed into the skeleton, knocking it back against the wall. “Mitt-requiro,” Tom yelled, as he threw his own magic missiles into the skeleton, the skeleton broke into pieces and fell to the ground with a crash. 
“Duck Tom,” Cody yelled coming up behind Tom. Tom dropped to the ground as Cody jumped over him. In mid jump Cody's sword slashed out at a skeleton. The cracking noise echoed off the walls as the blade connected with the hard bone.
Tom rolled out of the way and stood. “Mitt-flamma,” he spoke, touching his sword at the same time. His sword erupted into flame and he advanced on the skeletons once again. Cody smashed another skeleton into the wall with his sword, and it shattered into pieces. Tom passed Cody with his sword held out toward a skeleton that had made it past John. He swung the flaming sword in an arch over his head bringing it down toward the skeleton. The skeleton caught the blow with its arm sacrificing it as it brought a small dagger toward Tom’s stomach. Tom stepped to the right. The blade only scraped along his side. 
John turned, and slamming his sword, flat sided, into the skeleton’s back, knocked the skeleton forward to where Tom had been. Tom brought his flaming sword down onto the skeleton’s back knocking it to the ground. The rags the skeleton wore turned into flames. The skeleton screamed in agony as Tom jumped past it toward another. An arrow caught John in the left shoulder, yet he continued to push forward, smashing skeleton soldiers into bits of bones. He cleared his way to the archers and reigned down fury upon them. The first one fell before it had a chance to pull a weapon, and the second lost its arm as it lifted its sword against him. The skeleton tried to claw John, but another bolt of energy hit it in the chest turning it to dust.
Tom stopped concentrating on the flame that surrounded his sword, and it went out. He slumped against the wall exhausted from the ordeal of both fighting and of keeping the magic going. Cody sat down next to him breathing hard. He leaned his head against the wall. “You’ve brought me problems since the first time I met you,” Cody said.
“I think that you enjoy it. That’s why you’re still around,” Tom bantered back.
Tom looked at Cody. “What just happened? I was so afraid. I couldn’t concentrate or do anything.”
 Cody nodded. “I felt it too. I couldn’t stop running.”
John sat on the floor across the hall from the two boys looking at them. “It’s not your fault. These skeletons surrounded themselves with powerful magic. The aura causes fear to all that come near them. If it hadn’t been for Caspin, I don’t think I would have been able to face them either.” Caspin walked up to John and after pulling the arrow from John’s shoulder laid his hands on him and healed him. “Thank you, Caspin. It’s a blessing to have you with us.” John rotated his arm several times.
Caspin nodded. He moved to where Tom leaned against the wall and pulled him from the wall. Tom winced as sharp pain shot up his shoulder and neck from the wound on his back. “They must have had some sort of poison or disease in their fingers. Your wound has already begun to fester,” Caspin said. Caspin pulled some things from his bag and mixed a pasty concoction together. He closed his eyes and held the mixture in his hands for a few seconds before spreading the mixture over Tom’s wounds. The mixture burned as Caspin smeared it onto Tom’s back, but the pain ceased almost immediately. Caspin then put bandages on the wound and Tom lay gently back against the wall.
“Thank you,” Tom said.
“There is strong magic in these skeletons,” Kristiana said. She moved her hand over the lifeless bones. “John, these skeletons weren’t recently animated. I don’t know of a magic that is powerful enough to keep something animated more than a couple of days.” Her brows furrowed deeper as she continued to examine the skeletons.
Aithnea walked up to Tom and Tom looked down, ashamed of failing her. Kneeling in front of him, she picked up his hands. “Thank you for your light…” she held his hand tight, “…I know that you feel that you failed me, but it was your light that gave me hope to resist the fear.”
Tom looked up slowly. The shame burned deep in him. “I couldn’t hold on though.” He trembled remembering the terror. 
Aithnea smiled softly then brought his hands to her lips and kissed them lightly. “Without your strength, I would have perished before Caspin blessed us with his God’s light.” She held Tom’s gaze and whispered, “Thank you for your strength.” She stood still smiling and walked over to examine the remains by Kristiana. 
Tom continued to look down at his hands. I don’t deserve her thanks. I’ll not fail her again. He thought as he remmebered the despair in her face as his light faded. He had been unable to save his friend this time, but never again. Caspin touched Tom’s shoulder and he looked up with tears in his eyes.
“Don’t let the shame mask the great bravery you showed here today,” Caspin said. “There are very few men who could have withstood the spell that radiated from those foul beasts.” He slid down next to Tom and looked at the skeletons with disdain, “This is where your courage comes from.” Caspin put his hand on Tom’s heart, then laid it on his arm, “Not here.”
Tom smiled weakly. “I understand, but it wasn’t enough. I couldn’t hold on. They were too strong.”
“You may not have destroyed the enemy with your small light but you gave him pause, and as you grow your light will grow as well, enabling you to give hope to others.” Caspin clapped Tom’s shoulder softly and said, “This is a great victory for you. You have shown the enemy that you do have a light of your own. Remember that in times of great darkness you may be the only one that others can look to for light.” Caspin smiled and stood up slowly. He held out his hand to Tom. 
Tom grabbed the outreached hand and stood. I know I can stand now. I have friends that believe in me.  
John stood. “You were very brave. There’s no shame in what happened here today.” 
Cody stood next to Tom smiling broadly. “Yea, no kidding, I wish I could light my sword on fire.” 
Tom snorted. “It’s an easy trick. I’ll show you how someday.”
 “John, come over here and take a look at this,” Kristiana said.
She stood over the skeleton that had held Aithnea. John walked over to her and the rest followed. She handed John a small chain with a blue rose attached to it. “Look at this.” 
“It looks like the one the skeleton wore in the old library,” John said. “Did any of the other skeletons have one?”
Kristiana shook her head. “No.” The other twelve skeletons without necklaces lay in heaps of bones and cloth. In the pile of bones of the skeleton that had worn the necklace, Kristiana found the dagger that had been held to Aithnia’s neck. Unlike the other weapons that the skeletons had, this one looked as if it had been crafted recently. A sapphire imbedded into the hilt glittered as the lights hit it. “Since you were almost killed with it I think you should hold onto it,” Kristiana said handing the dagger to Aithnea, “Keep it safe though. It radiates a strong magic.” 
Aithnea held the dagger close. “Thank you.”
“What’s down farther,” John asked. 
“Just a room with a table and an old tapestry,” Cody said. John started down the hall toward the door. Tom, Aithnea and Cody looked at each other with concern, but as Kristiana and Caspin followed John, they fell in line.  
“So Tom, how did you know how to use the fire spell?” Kristiana asked.
“It just came to me. I think I figured that a burning sword would do more damage than a normal sword so I cast the spell for fire and touched my sword. I’m not sure how or why it worked.” He shrugged.
“It’s good to try and stick with spells you know when in the middle of a battle,” Kristiana said. “A lot of the time you can miscast a spell, and it will backfire.” Tom nodded and Kristiana continued the lesson. “That’s why it’s so important to study and prepare for battle.” She paused as if looking for the right words. “Imagine that you’re in a battle and how it will look then plan for the best response.” 
“It’s strange, but when I’m in the middle of a fight, there’s something in me that seems to just start acting for me. It’s as if I’m going into a rage and almost lose control,” Tom said. 
Kristiana looked back at Tom studying him for a second. “I’m not sure that’s good for you to give in to those rages. They may get you into trouble one day or misfire on friends. Magic is very powerful and if we don’t use our wills to control and wield it then it could control us instead.” Kristiana walked as she spoke, “On the other hand, it may be how your magic works. I know that how we use magic is similar but it’s not the same.”
Tom thought about what Kristiana said and wondered if the magic controlled him or if he controlled the magic. He shuddered thinking that the magic might be in control. I need to be more careful, at least until I understand it better. The door stood open and John slowly entered. He walked around the table examining the skeletons closely with Kristiana behind him. She moved her hand over each one. After they had passed by each one, John put his sword and pistol away, and Kristiana walked over to the tapestry. Tom walked to the skeletons afraid that any moment they would wake and attack them. He shivered as he thought about the blade to Aithnea’s throat. Could these skeletons do the same? Leaning closer he looked at the necklaces around their necks. “They’re all wearing the same necklaces. Other than the color that is.” 
“Yes and look in the tapestry, there’re white, blue, brown and red roses on the men,” Kristiana added.
John walked up to Kristiana’s side. “What’s the picture of?”
Tom looking a little embarrassed said, “When we were in here earlier, I saw a man. He told me that it showed how man fought to control magic in the beginning. He said that the men became power hungry and would kill their own families to gain more.” 
“What man?” John asked.
“I’m not sure who he was, but he wore a necklace like the ones that are on the skeletons. I was the only one that saw him though,” Tom said. Kristiana continued to study the tapestry and John approached the table. 
Aithnea walked to the table and leaned close to a vase that held four roses. “These roses look as if they’re still alive.” She looked up at John and asked, “How could they still be alive after all this time?”
“It must be some sort of magic that keeps them alive,” John responded.
“This looks like some sort of counsel room,” Caspin said as he approached the tapestry. “Maybe they put the tapestry up to remind them of what happens when magic becomes too powerful and goes unchecked.” 
Kristiana nodded in agreement. “It makes more sense to me why they would want to take magic from the world.” She pointed at a part on the tapestry. “It looks as if they are fighting over something or someplace. It’s some kind of map.” 
Caspin stepped back and examined it from a distance. “I think you’re right. There’s definitely a border drawn under the fighting men. Look, here there seems to be certain points that are highlighted or where more men are fighting. They must have been fighting over these different points.” He pointed at five different locations. In all of the five places there were men from each color of the rose but neither group appeared to be winning. 
John walked up to the tapestry and touched a point on the tapestry. “If this is a map then this must be where we are.”
John pointed to a mountain with a cave in the side of it. “Can you tell where the other ones are fighting?” 
Kristiana shook her head from side to side. “It will be impossible without a key of some sort. We have no reference other than where we’re at now and it doesn’t appear to be very accurate as far as natural landmarks.” The group continued to look at the tapestry, moving around to get different viewpoints. 
Caspin stopped and then stepped closer to the tapestry. “Look at this man.” He said as he pointed to a man on the map. “He doesn’t have any apparent markings. He seems to be standing apart from the others.” 
“Who do you suppose he is?” Aithnea asked.
Caspin leaned in even closer. “I’m not sure but he appears to be praying or maybe he’s blessing them.”
“Maybe he’s just on all of their sides or maybe an observer,” Tom asked.
“I don’t believe that he would be on all of the sides, so he must be an observer,” Caspin said.
John walked to a chair against the wall and sat down. “Maybe the real question is what do we do with this new information about the order, and what does it mean to us?” John looked at the skeletons at the table. “Who are they and what are they trying to tell us?” They looked at John and then back to the tapestry each deep in thought. After a few minutes John clapped his hands on the arms of the chair. “I think that the best thing to do at this time is to rest for the night.” Aithnea and Caspin reluctantly turned from the tapestry and nodded in agreement as they walked toward John. 
Cody stood. “I’m not sure about all of you, but I think that I would feel safer at the cave entrance than down here with the dead.”
John yawned and looked at Cody. “The only problem with that plan is we would have to guard two entrances.” John said as he gestured at the skeletons. “On the other hand if we stayed here we could close the outer door and only have to worry about ghosts and skeletons.” 
“I think we could remove the skeletons from the room and then barricade the door,” Caspin said.
“That sounds good to me. Is anyone opposed to the idea?” John said. No one objected. “Ok. Cody, Tom and I’ll remove the skeletons,” John said as he moved toward the first skeleton. “While Caspin, Kris and Aithnea go and grab our gear.” As they left he said, “Don’t forget to close the door behind you.” John dragged the chair and skeleton out the door. Tom grabbed another chair and dragged it out trying to keep his hands as far away from the skeleton as possible. By the time they had removed all of the skeletons, the others returned, walking uneasily by the skeletons lined up along the wall in the hallway. John closed the door and secured it with a chair. Tom lay down but couldn’t fall asleep as he replayed the day’s events over and over in his head. He wondered about what the man had said about him being a light for others, and how he would need to stand up. He worried about his lack of courage and being unable to face the skeleton. How he’d backed down. If Caspin hadn’t shown up when he did Aithnea would be dead right now. He thought about Aithnea and his feelings for her, how they had grown so close over the years. He worried about the changes in his life and the power that grew in him. Would he be able to control it or would it take control of him? Tom finally fell asleep, dreaming about skeletons and magic. 
Aithnea gentlely put her hand on Tom’s shoulder and shook him awake. “It’s time to get going,” she said softly.
“Yeah, you can’t sleep all day you know,” Cody said. Tom rolled onto his back and sat up rubbing his eyes and yawning. The rest of the group had already gotten up and packed up the gear. Kristiana, John and Caspin had pulled chairs from the wall and were now sitting at the table talking. Tom stood and Aithnea handed him some bread and water. Tom took the bread and smiled at her, longing to hold her in his arms once again but too shy to actually do it. 
Aithnea smiled back and kissed him quickly on the cheek. “Good morning.”
He blushed slightly but enjoyed the kiss. “Good morning Aithnea.” They stared at each other for a moment longer before Tom grew self conscious of Cody watching him. He stood and packed his gear before joining the others at the table. 
“There’s no reason to get aid from Archelaus until we know exactly what we’re dealing with,” John said.
“We need to get supplies and advice. He may already know something about all of this,” Kristiana said. “He has more resources than we do and a huge library that may shed some light on this.”
“Archelaus has always been able to aid my brothers.” Caspin jumped in. “He will be able to aid us on our journey.”
John lowered his head. “I just don’t think that we should trust him with this, not yet. I have a nagging feeling that we shouldn’t.”  
The three sat in silence for a few moments. “Let’s search the rest of this place. Maybe it will give us the answer we need,” Caspin broke into the silence. John nodded in agreement and Kristiana consented. The three stood and Tom grabbed his pack and put it on. John moved the chair from the door and with his sword drawn, opened it but nothing jumped out at them other than the eight skeletons lined mutely along the wall. Tom kept his distance as he walked past them down the hall, still worried that they would rise up like the others had. He let out a sigh of relief when they reached the intersection and no longer felt the skeletons empty sockets staring at him. The group turned down the hallway to the left. The hallway continued for about a hundred yards with the same odd lights glowing on the walls. At the end of the hall a metal door with an iron handle blocked their path. Kristiana waved her hand over the door and nodded to John. He slowly put his hand to the handle and pulled the door open. 
Tom had his weapon out and readied himself for something horrible to burst through the door. To his relief nothing crashed out from the room and the group entered. Five tapestries hung on the walls around the circular room. They seemed to show the five different areas that the big tapestry showed only this time there were no battles.  The door opened onto a platform that had four steps going down to a single chair in the middle of the room. The raised area had a circular table with twelve chairs spaced evenly around it. Opposite of the door, hanging on the wall, an arrangement of four roses hung: blue, red, brown and white. The roses shimmered lightly and seemed to be alive. John and Kristiana slowly walked down the steps toward the single chair in the middle and Tom walked toward the first tapestry to his right. The tapestry was of a mountain with a cave in the side of it. As he studied the tapestry, images flooded into his mind and he saw the hallway, the room with the table and the twelve chairs around it, along with the other twelve chairs around the wall. The images continued to come to his mind and he saw the circular room he now stood in. He blinked and backed up with his mouth dropping open. “Wow.” The others looked at him.
“What was it Tom?” Cody asked as he hurried up to him.
“When I concentrated on the tapestry images came into my mind and I could see inside the mountain and the rooms,” Tom said.
Cody walked next to the tapestry and looked at it for a few minutes while the others watched. “I don’t see anything.” He hit Tom softly in the shoulder. “You’re just imagining things.”
Maybe he’s right. Tom looked back at the tapestry studying it again. The images came back just as they had before. “It happened again,” he said. 
“Don’t worry we don’t think your crazy,” Cody said with a drawl.  
Kristiana glared at Cody. “It must be something with the different energy that’s in you. It seems that what ever makes you, you,” Kristiana paused then said, “Also allows you to see things that others don’t.” 
“So it seems that we’re in one of the places that the order of the rose fought for in the other tapestry,” Caspin said. He walked up to the next tapestry. “Look at the next one. See if it allows you to see it as it really is.” Tom walked to the next tapestry and studied it. The tapestry had a picture of a meadow with a small lake in the center of it. Tom stepped back in shock. This picture showed the meadow just the same as the one that he had seen in his dream many years ago. The meadow looked the same with the clear lake in its center and trees surrounding it. Even a fawn with its mother stood at the edge of the lake. 
“This is the meadow from the dream I had when you first picked me up,” Tom said.
“What are you talking about?” Cody asked.
“When I left the orphanage, I had a dream about this meadow. It seemed so real. The dream was very peaceful until...” Tom trailed off as he remembered the feeling of horror when the darkness came.
Kristiana stepped toward Tom. “What did you see Tom.” 
Tom turned and looked at her in surprise. “I just saw it get dark and then the meadow began to die. The meadow had been burned by fire.” He stopped, remembering the dream clearly. “The pond turned from crystal clear to blood red.” Kristiana looked down, deep in thought. He turned back to the tapestry and studied it again. Images flooded into his mind once more. The trees opened up and a pathway appeared beyond them. He felt like he was there. He followed the path, which led to a spot completely roofed with tree branches. Where the sun light could not penetrate. The same odd lights hung on the trees that lined the hallway of the cave. A table set up with twelve chairs around it sat in the center with the same four roses in the center of the table. Twelve chairs stood around the edges of the trees as well. 
He flashed back to the pond and another opening in the meadow appeared that led to a beautiful waterfall. A room made by the water falling on all sides in a circular shape formed in front of him. A single chair sat in the center of the water room and a table that wrapped around the edges sat on a platform above it from which four steps led down to the center. Twelve chairs sat behind the table and there were five tapestries hanging from the ceiling behind the chairs. 
Tom explained the images that he saw to the group and walked to the next tapestry. A person, of no definite features to distinguish it as a man, woman or human for that matter, filled the tapestry. Tom studied it, but he couldn’t get a clear picture. The shape seemed to be continually changing. The longer he studied the tapestry the less clear it became, and he finally gave up looking at it. “This one is very strange,” Tom said. “The image keeps changing between different humanoid shapes with no distinct features.” Tom shrugged and Caspin encouraged him to move to the next tapestry. The tapestry formed a cloud sitting on top of a mountain with a valley far below. Tom studied the tapestry for a long time. Images came into his mind of a path that led up the side of the mountain. Next, an image of twelve pillars in a circle supporting a giant round stone appeared. Inside the twelve pillars a single chair stood in the middle with four steps leading down to it. The image looked the same as the others except for the cloud that formed the walls. Tom explained the images to the group and walked to the final tapestry.  
This tapestry formed an open volcano where a pool of lava stood out as the focal point. He looked at the tapestry and images came once again. He saw a path that led into the center of the volcano. The images were similar to the others except that they all took place in the center of a volcano with lava flowing all around. After he finished looking at this tapestry, he explained what he had seen. Kristiana pointed to the tapestry of the non-descript person. “I understand all of them but this one.” She pointed to each one as she spoke and then back to the first, “Earth, water, air, and fire, but that one I don’t understand.”  
“Maybe it’s the individual who wields magic,” Aithnea said. 
“I had thought of that, and that may be exactly what it is, but all of the other tapestries point to a specific place.” Kristiana looked at the other tapestries. “Why would they then have the fifth one if it’s just inside the particular person?” 
“It may be the internal battle that a person must wage between himself and the magic within him,” Caspin said.
“Yes, but once again it doesn’t point to a particular place,” Kristiana said. Tom walked back to the tapestry and studied it once again. He tried to force images to come to him but became so ill that he nearly threw up. He walked away from the tapestry and bent over.
Cody hurried to his side. “Are you ok?”
After a few minutes Tom stood upright. “I’m fine. I think.”
John walked up to Tom and patted him gently on the back then looked up at the others. “Now that we have seen these tapestries let’s compare them to the bigger one in the other room.” The companions followed him back to the other room and they each turned a chair towards the large tapestry. They examined the tapestry for a long time. Tom could now see the images from the small tapestries clearly on the large tapestry and saw the different men of the order fighting over each place. The only one that he did not see was the fifth one, of the person. He saw men fighting around the mountain, in the meadow, in the sky, and around the volcano. Then he saw it. Two people fought each other in the center of the tapestry. They were identical in every aspect and only fighting each other. They have no face. Are they men or women, or human for that matter? “Look there,” Tom said pointing to the dueling pair.
“Yes, there’s the fifth element,” Kristiana said getting up from her chair.
She walked up to the two figures. “They’re identical and they’re fighting only each other. Caspin are these markings familiar to you at all?” 
Kristiana pointed at some markings on the people. Caspin stood next to her. “Yes they are familiar to me. The one means ‘of God’ and the other means ‘of man.’” 
“Ok, so the fifth element definitely represents the struggle inside the person.” Kristiana shook her head. “I still feel we’re missing something.” 
“I think as we go to each place there’ll be more clues to this riddle,” John said. John walked over to the part of the tapestry that showed the mountain fight. “We’re here.” He said as he pointed at the mountain. “How do we get to these other places?” He asked pointing to the other scenes.
Tom sat studying the tapestry. The others continued discussing the different possibilities, but he didn’t pay much attention to them. The longer he sat the more his eyes wanted to close. He jerked. He looked around. Where’s John and Kristiana? I must’ve been asleep for quite awhile. 
Cody walked up to him. “Oh you’re back with us. Kristiana said to let you sleep. I think she was hoping that you’d have another one of your dreams.” 
Tom looked at Cody for a second trying to focus and gain his bearings. “No luck there, but I did get some good rest without having to listen to you snore.” 
“My snoring ....” A scream pierced the air from the hallway. Tom jumped out of his chair turning toward the door. Caspin ran across the room and started out the door when John appeared, carrying Kristiana.
“What happened?” Caspin said.
John gently put the motionless body of Kristiana on the floor. “I’m not sure,” John’s voice shook, “We were studying the tapestries in the other room looking for a clue when Kris screamed. She sat in the chair in the middle of the room not moving at all.” Caspin chanted under his breath and placed his hands on her arms, sweat ran down his face and Tom could see the strain in his face as he held onto Kristiana’s shoulders. His hands clenched tighter, and then he fell almost to his back. 
Breathing hard Caspin said, “Her soul is not here and I can’t reach her.” Caspin looked up at John. “You’re her counterpart, reach out to her and try to find her.” John grabbed Kristiana’s hand in both of his and bowing his head he closed his eyes. After what seemed like an eternity John and Kristiana both opened their eyes. 
After a few moments Kristiana spoke, “I now know what the chairs are for. It seems that whoever sits in the chair will have to undergo a trial of whichever element they’re in at the time.”
John sat next to her holding her up and comforting her. Kristiana still shook from the experience and had a lost look in her eyes. She took a deep breath and continued, “I went to another plane in which I underwent several tests that related to the earth element.” She looked up at John. “I didn’t get very far in the tests. I think the test got interrupted to soon.”
Caspin brought her some hot tea. “Drink this it will help you feel better.”
Kristiana smiled as she took the warm cup. “I was lost between two realms. I don’t remember much other than darkness and heaviness. John saved me. He reached me and brought us back because he is connected to both this plane and to me through our bond.” The companions watched Kristiana for a few more moments, and then she rose with John’s help. “I think I need to rest for another day and in the meantime we can decide what to do with this new information.”
They discussed their options for several hours. Caspin and Kristiana both wanted to go to Archelaus with the information but John felt that it would be better if they continued on their own. Eventually they grew tired of the discussion and set up camp in the same room they had the night before, once again blocking the door with a chair. The next morning John didn’t feel good about leaving the skeletons in the hallway so they were all moved back into the room. The companions closed everything up as they had found it and headed toward Darthmoth. They had not yet come to an agreement but felt that it would be a good idea to restock in Darthmoth.  Maybe by then they could reach an agreement about what to do next. Tom and Cody took rear guard again. “Why do you think John is against taking the information to Archelaus?” Tom asked.  
Cody looked ahead at John and then back to Tom. “I think John has never been used to the idea of following Archelaus.” Cody paused scratching his chin. “Before they ever joined up with Archelaus, they were with Karman for a long time.” 
 Aithnea looked over her shoulder at them. “According to Kristiana, John has been against joining with Archelaus since the beginning,” she said.
“Why would he be against Archelaus though?” Tom asked.
Cody hesitated. “Well I heard that Archelaus at one point had supported a group of witches. The rumor is that he funded them against the counsel, hoping that he would be able to take control, but they were eventually found out. Archelaus denied it all and supposedly walked away from the group.” Cody looked at them for a second then continued, “Karman then approached him in secret hoping that Archelaus would still want help taking control of the counsel. Karman hoped that Archelaus would reform the counsel and make it better, less corrupt.” Cody shrugged. “Archelaus agreed to Karman’s terms. But I think John has always seen Archelaus as power hungry and willing to do whatever it takes to get his own personal agenda met.”
Aithnea stopped and turned. “So, Karman knew about Archelaus when he joined with him?” 
Cody replied, “It’s just a rumor that I’ve heard. I’m not sure that it’s true.” He shrugged and started walking again. “Personally I’ve never felt like Archelaus would do anything other than help the resistance. Karman was careful with him because Archelaus felt the only way to change things was through force, and Karman still hoped for a peaceful resolution.” 
Concern crossed Tom’s face. “Maybe we shouldn’t trust him then. What if he uses the knowledge to gain greater power, or worse, what if he’s still in league with the witches and they use it?”  
“Kristiana’s worried that if we don’t use his help then we won’t be able to find enough information to make what we know useful to us. She also says that Archelaus has a lot of resources that we’ll need to figure the riddle out. On the other hand, if we hide this information, Archelaus may turn against us,” Aithnea said.
I always thought Archelaus was a good man. What am I supposed to think now? I have already chosen him. What can I do about it now?




Chapter 14:

The companions had traveled for about ten miles when John held up his hand and motioned for everyone to find a place to hide. Tom, Cody and Aithnea hid behind a nearby bush. Tom sat quietly, fearing that the pounding in his heart would give them away as he strained to hear anything. After a few minutes, he heard men marching on the road below, but he couldn’t see anything through the bush he hid behind. Several more minutes passed as the men drew closer. John suddenly came out from behind a tree and walked toward a group of men. He made a slight motion with his hand telling the others to stay hidden. “Hello friends!” John said.
The group stopped and a woman spoke. “Hello.”
“I have been lost in these hills for several days now and hoped that you could point me in the right direction,” John said casually.
“Where’re you heading?” the woman said.
“I’m heading to Darthmoth.”
“Well, you’re only a day or so from there if you continue going in that direction… If you don’t mind me asking, where’re you coming from?”
“Well you see, it’s kind of embarrassing to tell you the truth, but I’m from Darthmoth. I was out hunting and slipped and fell. Hit my head. Since then I can't remember the direction and have been wandering for several days,” John said.
“I see. Are you all right?” the woman said with some concern.
“Yes, I seem to be doing just fine other than running out of food and water.”
“We’ve a little to spare if you don’t mind bread.” John walked closer to the woman. “Have you seen anyone else out here? We’re looking for some friends who have also become lost,” the woman said.
John stopped for a second then continued walking. “No, I’ve only seen you. Do you have a description of your friends?” 
Some rocks rolled behind Tom and he turned just in time to see a man throw a net toward them. “It’s a trap,” Tom yelled as he rolled out of the way. The net fell on top of Cody and Aithnea and hit Tom’s feet. The woods came alive as men exploded from behind the trees. Two men rushed Kristiana and Caspin, who had hidden behind another bush. Kristiana turned throwing a dagger at the first man and dodging to the side as the other man grabbed for her. Caspin hit the man in the back with his staff knocking the man face first into the bushes. The man who had thrown the net came toward Tom with his sword drawn. Tom dodged as the man reached for him but slipped on the loose rocks on the hillside falling to his hands and knees. Something hit him in the back and knocked the wind out of him. He fell to his stomach, his lungs feeling as if they were on fire. 
Tom gasped for breath, too stunned to do anything else, as the man who hit him fell on his back and grabbed his hands pulling them behind him. Tom struggled but the lack of air and the weight of the man on top of him made it impossible to move. The last thing he heard was Aithnea screaming out his name.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
The ropes bit into his wrists as Tom lay on his side with his feet tied at the ankles. He opened his eyes. He lay on a wooden floor connected to a plain white wall. He blinked the pain away and tried to get his bearings. Rolling onto his back he winced at the pain that shot up his wrists and arms from the tight rope. He continued rolling to his other side relieving some of the pain. A door stood closed only a few feet from him and he realized that he couldn’t be in a room much bigger than a large coat closet. As he lay on the cold floor Tom wondered about his friends and what had happened to them. He tried remembering anything that would help him understand better what had happened. There had been nothing special about the man who attacked him. His clothes were plain with no markings. He remembered seeing Cody struggle with the net, only getting more tangled and Aithnea screaming his name right before he passed out. Kristiana and Caspin seemed to be faring well, but he couldn’t remember if they had been successful or not. John, what had happened to John? There had been a loud groan from his direction, but Tom couldn’t tell if it had been John or someone else. I hope some of the others escaped. He groaned as he thought, But I bet we all got captured.
The door opened and a woman entered carrying a tray of food and a cup. The woman sat the tray on the floor and pulled a small knife from her belt. She wore black leather armor with a white eagle emblazoned on the chest. She had a long sword strapped to one side of her waist and a long curved dagger on the other. She moved with the ease and grace of a cat. No fear showed on her face as she walked toward him, and he hoped that he would never have to face her in battle. “I’ll cut you loose but don’t do anything stupid or I’ll tie you back up and let you starve for a little longer,” she said. She cut the rope around his legs and then around his wrists. Tom sat up rubbing his wrists trying to get the blood flowing once again. “Here’s some food and drink.” She pointed at the tray and then squatted against the wall next to the door. 
Tom slowly pulled the tray closer to him and picked the cup up. It looked like water and he took a tentative sip. The water was cold and tasted good, relieving some of the pain in his throat. “Who are you?” Tom asked.
 “My name’s Tanya.”
“Why did you attack us?” 
Tanya appeared to be thinking. “You and your group had entered into our territory without permission.” Tanya stood. “Who are you and your group? Where do you come from and what are you doing here?” 
Tom hesitated but figured she had answered his questions. “My name’s Tom and we’re traveling to Darthmoth.”
Tanya’s brows furrowed. “Darthmoth? Darthmoth was burned to the ground several years ago. There’s nothing left,” she said. 
Tom stopped chewing on the bread. And looked up at her. “What? Who burned it down?”
Tanya looked at him in surprise. “Where’ve you been? Everyone knows that the witches burned it down. The council refused their request for a greater voice in affairs.”
What’s happened since we’ve been gone? Why didn’t Archelaus communicate with us especially about something like this? In fact, they'd had no contact with anyone over the time they'd spent at the cabin. He figured that they had been hidden and couldn’t leave for fear of being attacked again. 
“Why were you heading to Darthmoth?” Tanya asked.
Tom shook his head. “We’re going there so that we could.” He hesitated for a moment, and looked up. “So that we could resupply.”
Tanya studied Tom. “I’ll be back later. Finish your food and then knock on the door and a man will take the tray from you.”  Tanya opened the door and walked out of the small room and closed the door behind her. 
Tom stood up, trying to get the numbness out of his feet and mind as he pondered the new information. He picked the tray off of the floor and sat down at a small table in the room and finished his slight meal. Still in shock, he finished his food, stood and knocked on the door. It opened immediately. A man entered and grabbed the tray. He barely glanced at Tom and said not a word. The jailor pulled the door shut behind him and Tom heard the key turned in the lock. Tom was once again caged in his small cell. Tom paced four strides from one wall to the other as he tried to think. Tom had heard that the witches had grown in strength but couldn’t imagine how they had grown strong enough to actually burn a town down. What about Archelaus? Where was he? Why hadn’t he come to get them when this all started? He looked around the room. Light came from a narrow slit high on the wall. The door didn’t look to sturdy. That’s probably why there’s a guard outside. The table and chair he sat on were made out of a light wood. Maybe if it comes down to it I could use a leg for a club. As the day went on it got darker until only a little bit of moonlight came through the slit in the wall and another sliver of light came from beneath the door.  
The door opened and Tom blinked from the sudden change in light. “Follow me,” a woman's voice said. Tom couldn’t quite tell, but he assumed it had been Tanya who had spoken. He stood up and blinked several times trying to adjust to the bright light. Tanya had already left the room and started down a long hallway. He hurried after her afraid that if he didn’t catch up he would be locked in his cell for who knew how much longer. The two walked down the hallway past several guards who stood at attention as Tanya passed. Every wall was white. Strange lights dotted the plain walls. Their unnatural glow casting weird puddles on the floor. He kept pace with Tanya, counting the doors and guards that he passed, in an attempt to keep his bearings as they walked. They went around a corner and continued along the hallway for another fifty feet before coming to a door with two guards standing stiffly before it. When the guards saw Tanya they quickly stepped aside and opened the door for them. 
Tom followed Tanya into a large room that held three tables in a U shape. Behind the tables sat many men and women who talked quietly to each other. As she entered, the room fell silent as the congregations attention became focused on the new comer. Tanya walked to the center of the U. Head held high. Allowing no anxiety to show on her faceas she faced the people staring at her. Tom stood a foot or two behind her, and gazed at the floor, feeling the weight of the stares. “Tom, is that your true name?” A man asked. The man who spoke wore red robes a white eagle gleamed over his left breast. He sat in the center of the tables with a paper in front of him. His glasses sat low on his nose and he looked over them at Tom.
Tanya motioned for Tom to step forward and he did. He looked at the man who had spoken then looked down again. “Yes sir, that’s my name,” Tom replied.
“And you say that you were traveling to Darthmoth with your companions. Is that also true?”
“Yes sir.”
The man sat forward in his chair, taking his glasses all the way off. “Where’ve you been for the past few years?” Tom looked up at the faces around the tables hoping for some support. Finding none he looked down again. “Where have you been?” The man asked again, a little louder.
Hesitating, Tom looked at Tanya as he felt her hand on his shoulder. “It’s all right to speak truthfully. We’ll not harm you,” Tanya spoke softly.
Tom looked back at the man at the table. “We’ve been in hiding from a group that attacked us.” 
“Who attacked you?” The man asked.
“I don’t know exactly, but they were from the red dragon clan. Or at least they had the red dragon symbol on their cloaks.” Tom’s brow furrowed trying to remember more information about the group that had attacked them at the orphanage, then the mansion and most recently at the cabin.
The man sat back after Tom had spoken and the others talked to one another loudly. He held up his hand and looked back at Tom, more at ease. “We had heard reports of them but did not believe them. It’s been a long time since they’ve come to the main land. Why are they after you?” 
“I don’t know sir?” Tom responded. Tom looked up, feeling more confident. “Sir, where are my friends?” 
The man studied Tom before replying. “They’re taken care of and as long as they,” he pointed at Tom, “And you cooperate, no harm will come to them.” Tom nodded and the man continued the questioning. “So you say that you were attacked and hid from the red dragon clan. Where did you hide from them, and why were you wandering in our territory?” 
“We were at a cabin and after several years they found us again and burned us out. A witch accompanied them,” Tom said. The group of people talked amongst themselves again, even louder than before. The man at the center hushed them several times before order returned. Tom looked at Tanya who continued to look straight forward, not wavering at all. 
The man leaned forward. “How did you escape the witch?” 
Tom hesitated, knotting his hands. “We ran from her. She didn’t get there until later in the fight.” Tom worried that the man would see through his lie. “We ran from them and headed toward Darthmoth hoping to resupply and find a new hiding place.” The man looked Tom over for several minutes. He waved his hand and Tanya turned motioning for Tom to follow. They walked toward the door which opened as they approached. The two guards stood to the side allowing them to pass, closing the door behind them. They walked down the hallway for several yards when Tanya suddenly stopped and turned to Tom.
“I need you to trust me,” Tanya said. She spoke quietly and looked up and down the hall. “You and your friends are in grave danger. The man you were speaking to is the leader of the Aetos clan. His name is Cedrick He’s a very powerful man who sits on the council. The council has become even more corrupt and many of them have aligned themselves with the witches. If witches are after you then he’s probably one of the men who sent them.” Tanya turned and continued down the hall. Then a few paces on she turned and led him along a different corridor than the one they had followed before. They walked a little farther to a place where there were no guards and stopped. “He’ll send word to the counsel letting them know that he has caught you and your friends. They’ll be here soon,” Tanya said.
“Why would you help us?” Tom asked.
“The council is destroying my people because Cedrick is misguided and follows blindly.” Tanya paused for a moment, thinking. “There must be someone in the counsel bringing witches in to do his bidding and using them to take control of the other councilmen.” They continued down the hallway until they reached a well guarded hall. The guards snapped to attention as Tanya approached. She walked up to a door and the guards stepped aside. She opened the first door and Tom saw that Aithnea sat on the floor against the wall. She must also have been bound because her wrists and ankles were red with raw burns. 
Tom started toward Aithnea. “Are you all right?” The guards immediately stepped in between him and the open door. He stopped. Aithnea pushed herself up the wall, her eyes on Tom. Tanya walked quickly to her. She said something to Aithnea that Tom couldn’t hear, and then the two of them walked toward the open door. The guards looked confused as Tanya led Aithnea from her cell. There confusion grew as Tanya revealed each member of Tom's group, until they stood unified in the hall. Tanya led them through a maze of corridors until they reached the outer doors. There awaited several guards. As they approached the closed doors a side door opened and Cedrick stood at the head of a large group. 
A woman wearing a long black gown stood behind Cedrick. Her hair and makeup was jet black. The woman looked at Kristiana and suddenly chanted mystical words of magic. Cedrick looked back at the woman in surprise. Kristiana and Aithnea, sensing the danger, chanted as well and John rushed the guards by the door. Cody and Tom, taken aback by the sudden action, broke their befuddlement and rushed the nearest guard as he pulled a pistol and sword from his belt.  In his periphery Tom saw Tanya pull the long sword and wicked looking dagger from her belt. Then Tom and Cody hit the guard. At the same time, a black web spewed from the hands of the woman in black. The web spread out as it approached the group. Caspin stepped in front of the web to shield his friends from its ill affects. As it hit him, he held his symbol high and the web turned to nothing more than black smoke that vanished. Bolts of light flashed from Aithnea and Kristiana’s hands at the same time, shooting toward the witch. Striking short of their mark, and then hit an invisible barrier that the witch conjured seconds before the onslaught. 
The guard fired and missed. Tom and Cody hit him and plowed him to the ground. His discharged weapon lay harmlessly on the ground beside him. “Try not to hurt them,” Tanya shouted. She swung her sword in an arch toward the guards warning them back. Many of the guards fell back in confusion. Cody held the guard's head and hit it against the ground knocking him unconscious. Tom grabbed the knife on the guard’s belt and scrambled to his feet. A thunderous noise echoed behind him and he heard Aithnea scream out in pain. Tom whirled towards Aithnea and Cody stepped in front of him facing the guards. “What does she mean don't hurt them?” he yelled above the din. “They're hurting us!” Aithnea lay on the ground unconscious. Kristiana cast yet another spell toward the witch as John wielding a captured sword,  tried to cut his way through the guards toward Cedrick. Cedrick held a large staff loosely in his hand unconcerned at John's approach. 
Tom ran toward Aithnea. But stopped short when he felt her life force begin to fill him. He knew then what he had to do. He turned and looked at the witch focused on Kristiana. Now’s my chance. He focused on the life-force inside of him, Aithnea's blending perfectly with his own, and aimed at the witch. The magic spewed out of his very soul. The witch shrieked in pain as she flew against the wall, hitting it with a thud. Tom walked toward the witch, pinning her to the wall with the spell, not allowing her to move. Several more missiles shot from Kristiana’s fingers. They hit the witch square in the chest, and she shrieked even louder as her flesh burned.
“Get the boy,” Cedrick yelled above the battle. 
Tom saw many guards hesitate only a moment before they surrounded him. I can’t worry about the guards. Focus on the witch. The guards continued to close around him. Tanya rushed in front of him swinging her sword at the closest man. The guard barely had time to block the long sword before she sliced her dagger toward his arm, her aim deadly. The man dropped the sword as the dagger cut across the top of his right forearm. He fell back, and the guards stopped moving forward. Tom closed his hand as if he physically gripped the witch’s throat. The witch gurgled and gasped for breath. You’ll pay. Rage filled him. He wanted this witch to pay for all the pain he had ever felt.
“Stop him! He’s killing her,” Cedrick yelled. He charged John and swung his staff high then down toward him. John easily side stepped the heavy staff. He brought his knee up to Cedrick’s gut, knocking the wind out of him. Cedrick fell to the ground hard. John slapped the flat of his blade down across the side of Cedrick's head, and he lay unmoving on the cold floor. Tom continued to hold the witch to the wall until a force hit him hard, knocking him back several paces. His concentration broken, the witch fell to the ground gasping for air. Slowly, she rose  to her feet. A chilling hatred gleamed in her eyes. She lifted her palm toward a guard next to her. He fell instantly, his lifeless body twitched in death spasms with the life-energy he once possessed now passed to the witch. Behind Tom, Kristiana started to chant. Aithnea struggled back to her feet and stood fearlessly next to her. The witch looked at her enemies. Rage twisted her face. Then with a wave of her hands, she disappeared. Kristiana's lightning bolt hit the wall where she had been seconds before. The guards all backed toward the door, dropping their weapons as they went. There they stood in confused frustration, waiting to know their fate.
Tanya stepped toward Cedrick and checked to make sure he lived. “He’ll be awake soon, and I don’t want to murder a council member or we’ll have the whole country after us,” Tanya said.
Caspin walked over to Cedrick and laid his hands on him. “He’ll be fine.”
Tanya walked toward the door and as the guard opened the door for her, he said, “We'll give you some time before announcing your escape.”
“Thank you. I’ll miss you all and I hope to see you all again soon,” Tanya said. Tom's group ran quickly across a small courtyard toward a gate house. The gate rose as they approached and no one stopped them as they passed through. Once outside the gates, Tanya headed toward the undergrowth. There she pulled out several packs and their old gear. 
“We must hurry. Cedrick will not wait to send others after us,” Tanya said.
John strapped on his sword and pistol, threw his pack on to his back, then faced Tanya squarely. “Why are you helping us?”
Tanya stopped and looked at John. “Cedrick is a good man, and he has a good heart but the council has corrupted him. He’s being controlled by someone. Until we find out who that person is, many will suffer.” Tanya looked at John steadily and then continued softly as she looked away. “I’ve seen what those witches can do to people. They’re cruel and they’re destroying the country I love.” 
John put his hand on Tanya's arm. “Thank you,” he said simply.
The group hurried down the path with Tanya leading the way. Tom made his way in his usual position at the rear with Cody. How can we fight the council and the witches? How did the council ever allow them to become so strong? Who’s helping them? Then a painful thought worked its way to the surface. Could it be Archelaus? The group walked for several hours coming slowly closer to a chain of mountains. When they finally reached them, Tanya headed toward a mountainside. Where’re we going? He groaned I hope we're not climbing over the top. Suddenly Tanya disappeared right into a rocky ledge. Tom stopped. His mouth dropping open. Tanya reappeared looking at the group. “This way. It’s an illusion that few know about.” Tanya disappeared once again and John followed her. The rest of the group approached the mountainside and , in turn disappeared into the mountain face. Once Tom got to the point of disappearance he saw how the wall of the mountain shimmered. He put his hand through the swimming wall of stone. He felt nothing but his hand dematerialized as it passed through the strange curtain. He walked through the mountainside and into the passage beyond. There he followed the others into a large cave.
Tanya started a fire. “This is a good spot to hide for the night,” she said.
Tom set his pack down beside Aithnea's and stood close beside her. “Are you feeling all right?”
“Yes, I’m doing ok. That witch was powerful. She batted away my spells like they were nothing,” she replied.
“Yes, she is powerful…” Kristiana walked up to the two, “…but she has shown us that she can be overcome. We’ll need to prepare better for her. I had the feeling that she knew what we were going to do before we even did it. It’s a good thing that she didn’t expect the attack to come from you.” She said as she looked at Tom. “Don’t expect her to be caught off guard again.”
Tanya looked up from her fire building. “If you don’t mind me asking, how did you do that?” Tanya asked looking straight at Tom.
Kristiana regarded Tanya for a thoughtful moment then said, “We believe that, for whatever reason, Tom’s able to use the life energy inside of him as they did in the olden days.”
“So, he’s an enchanter?” Tanya asked in surprise.
“Yes, a sort of an enchanter. We were headed to Darthmoth so that we could meet a friend who could help us understand better what’s happening. But it seems that we’ll not be able to get in contact with him as we’d hoped,” Kristiana said.
“Who’s this friend you’re trying to meet up with?” Tanya asked.
“Tanya, we appreciate all your help, but you can understand how we’re not quite ready to trust you completely yet,” John said.
“I understand,” Tanya said. She looked at Tom for a second longer then went back working on the fire. After the fire strengthened, Caspin prepared a meal for the group. They ate in weary silence with only a murmur here and there. Caspin banked the fire, and the group rolled out their beds around its warmth. With muffled good nights they slid into sleep.
They sat next to the mouth of the cave with their blankets wrapped tightly around them. Cody and Tom had first watch. The shimmering illusion of rock did not ward off a chill northern breeze. “It’s sure strange how things have gone since I met you,” Cody said. He drew in the sand haphazardly with a stick. “I planned on working for Archelaus as a guard and then a trainer when I got older.” He stopped drawing and looked up at Tom. “It’s odd how things have changed with no warning.” 
“That’s the truth. A few years ago I sat in an orphanage getting beat up every other day. I just wanted to get out alive.” He kicked at a stone. “And not get bought by a witch.” The stone didn't move so he kicked again. “Did I ever tell you, they sold kids to the witches?”
Cody gaped at him. “Nope. You left that tidbit out.” 
Silence drew itself around them filled with the smell of old smoke and wet brush.  Tom thought vaguely of the orphanage. He smiled as he looked down at the ground. It’s crazy how all of these bad things are happening around me, and I’m still happier than back at the orphanage. Glad I met Cody. Really glad I met Aithnea. “Tom, do you think we’ll ever figure all this out?” Cody asked.
“I hope so. I’m getting tired of having to look over my shoulder wherever we go.” Tom looked out the cave mouth thinking of the cabin. “The cabin was a nice rest. I felt like I had a family for the first time in my life,” Tom said.
“Me too,” Cody replied softly. Tom sat thinking about the friends that he now had. Friends he considered family. He would give his life for them. He wondered about Tanya, and what she had given up to come with the group. Had she given up family and friends? What about how the soldiers looked at her with absolute respect and loyalty. How they had half-heartedly raised their swords against her. They looked like they would prefer dying to harming her in anyway. The time passed softly through the first watch. 
Chapter 15:

Cody stood and walked toward the others. “Our time’s up.” 
Tom stood painfully. The aches of the previous battle had caught up with him, and he slowly followed Cody into the cave. Cody woke Kristiana and Aithnea for the next watch. The two women groaned faintly as they started toward the mouth of the cave.
Tom looked around the cave but didn't see Tanya. “Where’s Tanya?” Tom asked.
Cody looked toward Tom and then to where Tanya’s bedroll lay empty. Cody scanned the cave, looking for any sign of her. Her pack lay next to her bedroll but other than that, Cody could find no sign of her in the cave. “John,” Cody called.
John jumped out of bed, pulling his weapon out at the same time. He stood wide awake searching for danger. “What is it?” He croaked.
“Tanya's gone,” Cody said.
Tom walked to Caspin’s bedroll. “Caspin’s gone as well.”
“Where would they have gone? We were guarding the entrance and I didn’t see any other way out,” Cody muttered.
“There's either a secret way out or you two fell asleep,” John said 
“We'll, we didn't sleep,” Cody defended sharply.
The group searched the cave looking for another way out. Tom walked to the back of the cave where the wall jutted out oddly. He studied a stone on the wall were some of the dust and grime looked as if it had been wiped away. After he pushed lightly on the stone it gave way and a small portion of the wall slid away revealing a tunnel. At the end of the tunnel, stars glittered in a black sky.
“I found a secret door,” Tom stated.
John and Cody hurried over and gazed through the entrance.  “Kris and I’ll start after them. You three pack up everything. Catch up as soon as you can,” John said as he stepped through the entrance. 
Tom, Cody and Aithnea packed, then followed the others down the passageway toward the cold dark night. At the end of the passage Tom noticed another irregular rock on the outside of the wall. He pushed it and the passage closed up as if it had never existed. The three looked around for traces of John and Kristiana’s passing. Then Aithnea pointed at odd silver footprints on the ground and said, “It’s a spell that Kristiana must have cast to show us the direction they went.” She followed the silver footprints. Tom followed after her. He glanced back and saw that the footprints faded away as they passed. The waning moon and stars only lit the path slightly. How could they see anything, let alone track Tanya? After about an hour, Tom thought he caught a glimpse of someone ahead of them. Hopefully they had finally caught up to John and Kristiana. 
Cody slowed his pace. They followed at a distance, not wanting to give themselves away until they knew for sure who they chased. They followed the person through the forest, winding in and out of the trees that grew thicker as they went. The person stopped every once in a while to study the ground. They must be tracking someone as well. Who is it? They gained on the person, staying as quiet as they could. If the footprints aren’t Kristiana’s whose footprints are they really? This might not be such a good idea. 
The person stopped again and Cody motioned to them to overtake the individual. They pulled their weapons from their belts and charged. Tom pulled up short as Tanya turned on them with both weapons drawn. Through slitted eyes, she evaluated the situation. Uneasily, she lowered her weapons. “Where are John and Kristiana?” she asked, warily.
“We thought that we were following them. The silver tracks, we thought they were theirs,” Cody responded.
Tanya glanced at the tracks behind her. “No, they’re not theirs. They belong to me. I put tracer dust on my shoes, hoping you would be able to follow me. The dust fades slowly.” She turned and crouched to study the ground. “I’m not sure why Kristiana and John wouldn’t follow. Unless they thought it was a trap.” She stood and said, “We must hurry. I can track Caspin, but I must stay close or I’ll lose him.” She started through the forest again.
Tom hesitated for a moment then started after her. Cody and Aithnea started after them. How can she move so fast in the dark and still track? Tanya stopped every once in awhile and looked at the ground then moved on again. 
“How are you tracking him in this darkness?” Tom asked, after she stopped for the third time.
“I’ll tell you more about it later, but for now just know that I am. The thing that’s so surprising is how well Caspin is hiding his trail. I’ve been tracking all my life. This is one of the most difficult trails I’ve ever followed.” Tanya continued on, stopping only to study the ground. Tom followed, watching the silver footprints appear as she moved. Her trot suddenly turned into a full out run. She pulled her weapons out of their sheaths and held them at her side as she ran. Tom ran after her. Even without his weapons drawn, he struggled to keep up with her. His breathing started to come in gasps as he sprinted after Tanya. On the other hand, Tanya ran as if she was taking a casual stroll down the street. Even as she jumped over logs and ducked under branches, her pace never slowed. Tom could hear Cody and Aithnea behind him. Their breathing as heavy as his own.
Tanya suddenly let out a battle cry as she jumped high in the air swinging both of her weapons at once. The creature she hit looked like a huge wolf standing on its hind legs. Blood came from the wounds that Tanya inflicted. The giant wolf backed away from her. His upper lip curled in a growl, revealing a row of sharp teeth. Saliva dripped down his chin. Wicked looking claws hung at his side, shining occasionally as the moon’s weak light reflected off them. His eyes glinted red as he measured his enemy. Around him hung the smell of musk and wet fur. The creature seemed unaffected by the wounds that Tanya had inflicted. Tanya circled the creature, crossing her weapons in a defensive stance. Sweat ran down her face and arms. Her hardened muscles in her neck and forearms tense, ready to strike again. 
“Stay back,” Tanya yelled over her shoulder. She moved in for another strike, swinging her dagger low. The creature jumped back dodging it easily. But opening himself up for a slash from the long sword which arched down toward its unprotected chest. The creature fell onto its back screaming out in pain. Tanya stayed back preparing her next move. The creature continued to howl in pain. Blood flowed over his chest and waist and formed a small puddle on the ground beside him. 
“Stop, Tanya!” John yelled from behind them.
Tom turned. Kristiana and John came running over a small hill, running toward them. Tanya backed away from the creature, still holding her weapons at the ready. John walked past her to the creatures side. In his hand he held a plant. Cautiously he knelt next to the beast. The creature sniffed at the plant that John held, then with its uninjured arm he took the plant and put it in his mouth. Slowly he chewed. Red eyes closed, the beast sighed with apparent relief. Tanya slowly lowered her weapons and stood limply watching the creature, which she had nearly killed, turn into Caspin. Tom watched in awe as the fur turned to clothes and the claws turned into hands. Immediately, Tanya sheathed her weapons. Kristiana stepped forward, pulling bandages from her pack and with Tanya began to bandage the man. 
“I had to get out before you saw me,” Caspin said. His breath coming in ragged gasps.
“Why didn’t you just tell us?” John asked.
Caspin’s face turned gray and tears rolled across his cheeks. He grimaced from the pain. Tanya applied a salve to his wounds, while Kristiana wrapped them with bandages. 
“I was... I was afraid that you would not allow me to travel with you. I’ve been on the run for so long, avoiding so many people, I didn’t think I’d ever be able to be around people again. Then I met up with you at the shack and thought that if I kept it a secret … I would be able to get to Archelaus, and he would  help me. Last night the black moon rose and I knew that I wouldn’t be able to stop the change and my secret would be reveled.” 
John put a jug to Caspin’s mouth so he could drink.
“How did you know the plant would work?” Caspin asked after taking many gulps of water.
“Kris noticed that your tracks had changed. There’s a legend about a werewolf who could control his changing with this herb. Kris saw the plants along our path yesterday,” John explained.
“I saw you use the plant on Tom’s wound and saw the worry in your face . I figured that you were just worried that it was gone but when I saw the change in the tracks I knew then why you had been so worried. Without the plant you can’t control the change,” Kristiana said. She applied a bandage to the last wound.
Tanya put her hands on the wounds and said a few words in a strange tongue that Tom had never heard it before. As she spoke, color returned to Caspin’s face. Caspin smiled weekly and put his hand on Tanya’s hand. “Thank you. Do not feel any sorrow for what has happened tonight. You have acted with honor and courage. Not many people would face a full grown werewolf.” 
Kristiana looked at Caspin’s face and then at Tanya. “How did you do that? How did you help him?”
“Tanya is a ranger of the white forest. Isn’t that true my dear.” Caspin said smiling up at Tanya.
Tanya said a few words in her native tongue. Her face changed slightly, becoming more slender. Her ears lengthened and turned to a point at the top. Her hair turned golden, her eyes bright green. “You speak the truth, Caspin. I am a ranger of the white forest. I’ve also had to hide my true form for many years. I left the white forest long ago in search of my true calling. It’s not unusual for my people to go among men in search of their path. I found mine with the White Eagle clan.”

“We might as well go back to the cave and regain our strength till morning. Regrettably, we’ll need to continue on.” John looked at Caspin then continued, “Even with our wounds.” So they trudged back to the cave with John and Cody on either side of Caspin. They both had an arm around his waist while he leaned heavily on them. Tanya led the way, her elven eyes making it easy for her to follow the trail. 
Caspin groaned as John helped him down to the hard cave floor and Tanya stacked blankets under his head. Aithnea stoked the fire and heated some water for a tea. After Caspin drank the tea, he fell into a fitful sleep and the rest of the companions also found their beds and sleep. Other than John, he stood watch along with the caves enchanted entrance.
Tom dreamed again that night as he slept restlessly on the cold floor. He dreamed at first of the peaceful meadow where the fawn ate next to its mother. Of the pond where the fish jumped. His dreams then turned to night and of shadows covering the land. Death touched everything around the pond. He heard a voice calling out to him. He stood next to the pond and his friends stood near him in the darkness, all of them except for one, Cody. Frantically, Tom looked for him around the clearing, but couldn’t find him anywhere. He heard the voice again and recognized it this time. It was Cody’s. Crying out for help. Tom ran toward the voice, across the meadow and into the thick forest he raced, searching for his friend. He ran so long his legs ached, and his breathing grew heavy. He finally found him. Cody fought alone and  desperately against many different creatures. Some of them had horns and tails and red skin. Others were gruesome men with red dragon symbols on their capes. Still others were indescribable. Tom ran toward Cody, but the ground held Tom's legs, keeping him from getting to him, from saving him. He struggled with the ground, tearing glob after glob of hard dirt away. With each handful he pulled away, more appeared. Tom could only watch as Cody took his first wound. Cody cringed with pain as blood ran down the side of his head. Then another and another hurt, until he fought on his knees for his life. Cody looked at Tom desperately, pleading for his help. Another blow came and still Tom could not break free to help his friend.
“Why, Tom? Why didn’t you help me?” Cody asked sorrowfully.

Chapter 16:

Tom woke. Terror coursing his body. Had he let Cody die? Frantically, he searched the cave. Cody slept peacefully where he had lain down hours before. Tom sighed with relief. It had only been a dream. Slowly he relaxed as he watched tiny streams of sunlight fill the cave. He climbed out of bed, busying himself to get the memory of the dream out of his mind. He started the fire and prepared breakfast for the others. He went through the motions but horrible sickness filled his stomach. Over and over he glanced at Cody, reassuring himself that his friend was still there.
“Tom, are you ok?” Aithnea asked after watching Tom's repeated checks on Cody.
“Yeah I’m fine,” Tom replied quickly. 
Aithnea walked up behind him and put her arms around him holding him tight for several minutes. Tom held her hands, feeling the warmth that she always filled him with. She loosened her grip and turned Tom around to face her. Her eyes looked like shining emeralds. She's so beautiful. He pulled her in close and held her tight. They stood holding each other for a long time while Aithnea rested her head on his chest. She gave him strength and it melted the worries and pain away with Aithnea he knew that he could make it through this. That in the end things would be ok. A hissing noise came from behind him and he realized that the water had boiled over. He quickly turned and pulled the pot off the fire.
“Well Tom, don’t quit your day job,” Cody said as he stood up. He yawned and stretched then walked over to the fire. Tom lowered his head not able to look into his friends face. The hurt in Cody's dream eyes was still to real. Cody leaned over the fire and stirred the coals. “That was a crazy night wasn’t it. I can’t believe that Caspin’s a werewolf.” He looked over at Tanya as she stretched while sitting on her bedroll. “And to see Tanya fight was inspiring. I think even John would be hard pressed to beat her.” 
“I heard that,” John said walking up behind them. “She is rather amazing though isn’t she?” John added after a moment.
Tom still looked down as he pretended that the mush needed more stirring. Aithnea’s brow creased as she watched him. After a few more minutes of watching Tom stir the over stirred mush, Aithnea said, “Tom and I’ll go and get some more wood for the fire.” She grabbed his hand and headed for the secret passage. Tom tried to resist, but she always won. He didn’t really want to stay in the cave with Cody anyway.  
They left the cave with Cody yelling, “Don’t get lost in the woods.” 
Tom and Aithnea hurried down the passage and out into the woods. Tom picked up a piece of wood that the early dew still clung too. As he reached for another piece Aithnea grabbed his arm and turned him around to look at her. “Tom, something’s bothering you. I can feel it. You forget that we’re connected. Even if we weren’t, it's so obvious the way you're acting.” 
“It’s nothing. It was just a dream,” Tom said trying to escape her gaze.
“Let me help you. You don’t have to do everything by yourself. We’re all in this together. Whether we want to be or not.” Aithnea looked down at the ground.
Tom watched Aithnea’s black hair fall forwardaround her face. He pushed the hair back from her face, lifted her face with the cup of his hand and held it. He lowered his head slowly and kissed her on the lips. “Aithnea, I know that you’ll always be there for me. It’s just hard for me to remember that because others I've loved in the past are now gone. I don’t want to lose you too.”
Aithnea smiled. “Tom, you’re just acting sad so you can kiss me.” 
Tom smiled back, but it soon faded. “I’m so worried that I’ll let everyone down. I’ve never had to worry about anyone but myself before, and it’s scary. I’m worried that I’ll lose you.” He lowered his head as he felt the burning in his eyes. He didn’t want to cry in front of her. 
Aithnea pulled his head up and looked into his tear filled eyes. She smiled and standing on her tiptoes she kissed him gently. “It’s like I said you’re just trying to get a kiss.”
Tom smiled and wiped at his eyes. “It worked didn’t it?”
She grabbed him around the waist burying her head into his chest. “You’ll never let me down, Tom. I know that you’ll always do your best and that’s good enough.” She gave him one more hug and then started to gather wood. “If we don’t bring back some wood then they’ll think that we were just out here kissing. We don’t want that do we?” Tom grinned and started to gather wood. Once their arms were full they returned to the cave. Tom could tell, by the smell of it, that someone who could cook better than he, had taken over the task. They dropped their wood by the fire and with the others scooped breakfast into their dishes. Tom and Aithnea sat down next to Cody. “You two have a good time?” Cody teased. Tom looked over at Cody and smiled. The dream was fading away.
 The companions finished eating and packed up their things. Tanya stayed close to Caspin, helping him whenever he needed it. Tom walked up to Caspin, “Is there anything that I can help you with?”
Caspin glanced at Tanya. “Tanya, I think, feels that she owes me and so I can’t even move without her right there.” He smiled.
She smiled back kindly. “Caspin, it's only fair that since I was the one to hurt you that I should be the one to helps you.” 
“I disagree with it being your fault but I’m grateful for your help. You’ve a very wicked sword. I’ve never been hurt that badly before.”
 “It’s an elven blade, made from a forge in the heart of the white forest. It’s one of a kind and made by a master sword smith,” Tanya said. She held the blade out admiring it. 
Tom looked at the blade. It appeared to be different than before. It was a silver blade and it appeared to glow. Vine etchings interlaced the silver handle and several gems were set into it. Tanya must have noticed that he stared at it because she handed it to him hilt first. He carefully took the blade from her. The weapon was light and well balanced. This could easily be hung on the wall as a piece of art. Tom held the weapon for several minutes testing its balance and weight. Cody walked up. “May I hold it?” he asked. His eyes were sparkling as he wiped his sweaty palms on his pants. Tanya nodded and Tom handed the weapon to Cody. He stepped back a few paces and performed several maneuvers with the sword. “With this weapon I could easily best you,” he said looking over at John.
John looked at Tanya. She nodded with an understanding smile. John pulled his own weapon from its sheath and taking a defensive stance approached Cody slowly with his weapon ready. Cody looked at her nervously and then at the sword. “Go ahead, you can’t break it,” she said.
Excitement rippled through Cody’s body as he approached John with the weapon at the ready. He immediately took the offensive and swung the elven sword at John with as much force as he could. As Cody swung the sword it seemed to pull Cody off of his feet and throw him to the ground. John laughed so hard he nearly fell over. An amazed Cody lay paralyzed on the ground. Tanya walked over to Cody and bent down next to him. She touched the sword and his back at the same time and whispered in elven. 
 “Cody the problem with the sword is that it has only one owner. When someone who is not the owner tries to use the weapon, it paralyzes them,” John said through fits of laughter.
Cody sat up after Tanya removed her hand from his back. He looked first at Tanya and then at John then held the sword up to Tanya, looking at it in awe. Cody picked himself up off of the ground and dusted his backside. “I only have one thing to say to you two, you had better watch out,” he said. He then smiled broadly. Cody looked at the sword again. “Thank you for letting me hold it though.”
Tanya nodded at Cody. “You'll, one day be a true weapons master. Remember that it’s the master that makes the sword not the sword that makes the master.” Cody looked at her for a few minutes longer than normal then blushed. He quickly turned and went back to packing. Within a few minutes all was ready and everyone turned to John and Kristiana for direction. John and Kristiana looked at each other. Making a decision John said, “We’ll seek out the locations on the tapestries.” Turning to Caspin he continued, “We not only need but want your companionship, but we understand if....”
“My mission is your mission, and now that we have an understanding of my condition, I see no need to go to Archelaus. I believe that it’s God’s will that we have come together at this time. My calling is with you,” Caspin said.
“Kristiana and I think we should seek out the monks of the eternal word and ask for permission to enter their library in the city of light.” 
Caspin looked up at John in surprise. “John, no one has ever been admitted to the library without being a member of the order. How do you plan on getting permission?”
“We’ll need to figure that out as we travel,” John replied. “We'll also need to get a better means of travel than foot, otherwise it'll take us months to get there.” 
For a moment all was quiet. “We could always ask Archelaus for a car,” Cody suggested.
John looked up at Kristiana and then back to Cody. “I’m not sure where he stands and if he can be trusted.” 
Looking annoyed Kristiana looked at John and said, “We need help, and we have no reason not to trust him.”
“I just don’t feel good about it. He aligned himself with the witches once before, who’s to say that he hasn't done so once again,” John said. 
“He's always said that was a mistake, and he wouldn’t dare now that he has aligned himself with the enchanters and the healers. He would lose their support if he ever turned back to the witches.”
“We need to get resupplied, and he seems to be our only ally at this time,” Caspin said.
“Maybe he’s not,” Tanya said. She started playing with the hilt of her sword. “We can always go to my people. They may be willing to help us in our quest.” 
“That might work. But, I thought they wouldn't let outsiders in,” John said. His attention now lay on Tanya.
“They’ll allow us to enter if I am with you,” she said. 
“I say we vote on it. I don’t think that anyone should make this decision alone. We can go to Archelaus, or we can go to the people of the white forest,” John said. “All who are in favor of Archelaus?”
Kristiana, Aithnea, and Caspin raised their hands.
“All who are in favor of going to the white forest?” John asked.
Tom, Tanya, Cody and John raised their hands.
“Then it’s decided. We’d better get moving,” John said. He picked up his pack.
“Tanya you'll take the lead with Aithnea. Kristiana and I'll stay in the back to cover the trail. Cody and Tom help Caspin with his gear and anything else he needs.” John looked to Tanya to start out. 
Tanya headed for the back of the cave, opening the secret passage and moved quickly on with Aithnea at her side. Tom and Cody picked up much of the gear and helped Caspin along behind them. Kristiana wasn’t too happy and argued with John in a hushed voice as they left the cave. 
Tom, Cody and Caspin just managed to keep up with Tanya, as they struggled along. Tom looked over his shoulder and saw that John and Kristiana had still not left the passage. Maybe she doesn’t like elves or is she just dedicated to Archelaus and if she is why? 
“What do you know about Tanya and her people, Caspin?” Cody asked.
“Well, I know that they live in the white forest, and that they keep to themselves most of the time. Tanya must be one of their leaders or she wouldn’t be wearing that sword she has. Very few of those swords are made, and it’s a great honor for her to have one. I also noticed while we were at the Aetos stronghold that she was a leader there. I can only surmise that leadership is her training.” Caspin's voice trailed off into thought.
Tom looked hesitantly at Caspin and then ahead. “Caspin, what happened to you, I mean how did it...?” Tom stopped not able to find the right words.
“I once was the priest of a small village in the far north. There I was respected and loved by the people. The people were good to me and I felt like they were family,” Caspin said. He smiled as he spoke, but a hint of sadness in his tone betrayed the smile. “I tended to the needs of the people with my abilities and they would help me in other ways. We lived together as a family for many years. One year it was colder than normal, and there came reports of people disappearing from their homes. Being the leader I went out with a few men to see if we could find what attacked our village. We traveled for many days following strange tracks that led from the village. We were eventually led to a cave where we found a werewolf. He attacked us instantly. During the battle two men were killed and another bitten but he lived still.” Caspin looked down through misted eyes. He stopped for a second to catch his breath, then continued. “We killed the beast and burned it in the cave. On the way home the man who had been bitten became ill, and I knew that he had the sickness and would soon change. He had three small children and his wife had died the year before. I wasn’t sure what would happen if I removed the sickness, but I knew if I didn’t do something, the man would eventually change, and his kids would be without father or mother.” Caspin’s voice went hollow as he recounted the tale. “I laid my hands on him and removed the sickness… You see when a healer heals, part of what he heals has to be absorbed into his own body. There is always a sacrifice to be made to remind the healer of what he has been given. The sickness was too powerful for me. I began to turn into the monster that we had just killed.” Caspin paused again looking off in the distance.
“I prayed for many days, hoping that God would take this curse from me. Then it was made clear to me that I would be stuck with this curse for the remainder of my days. When I changed the people of my village became frightened and chased me away. I may not have died that day but my heart was torn to pieces as those whom I loved and who had loved me began to hate me. I traveled for many days not knowing what I would do when I came upon a plant that I had not seen before. I was told to eat it, and I found that when I ate it I could control the curse. I don’t know why I must live with this curse but I have faith that there is a purpose to it.” 
Caspin stopped talking and each withdrew to his own thoughts. Tom could not understand a God that would do this to someone like Caspin. Caspin had always served Him and was still faithful even after being rejected by his people and, to Tom, his God. Tom continued to walk in silence, not wanting to see the pain etched into Caspin’s face. 
The group traveled the rest of the day, taking short breaks to rest and eat as the land started to change from mountains to flat lands. Tom’s spirits lifted as he felt the warmth of the sun on his face even though Tanya kept the pace fast and he struggled to support his own weight, let alone Caspin's weight. Caspin leaned more and more on Tom and Cody as they walked. Tom worried that Caspin could not go much farther when Tanya finally came to a halt. They set up camp in a group of rocks. Cody helped Tanya and Aithnea use one of the fire tablets to heat water for Caspin’s tea. Tom sat down on a rock and pulled out food for the group, looking forward to the dried meat and nuts that Tanya had packed for them. 
“I’m sorry for the hard march today. I had to make sure that we made it to this grouping of rocks for protection,” Tanya said. She looked at Caspin with concern. 
Caspin gave a weak smile and said, “Don’t worry about me my dear. I know that we have a long way to go. I’m sure with continued support from Tom and Cody, and the tea,” he raised his cup in toast, “I’ll be fine.”
Still looking worried, she tried to comfort him. “We won’t need to march as hard tomorrow. We should be within the shadow of the white forest by tomorrow night.”
After Aithnea had finished preparing the tea and giving it to Caspin she sat down next to Tom. They sat close together eating their food in silence. He could feel her warm body next to his and reached over and held her hand. Cody smiled at Tom causing him to blush slightly. John and Kristiana discussed something at the edge of camp. Tom only caught bits and pieces of the conversation. Kristiana still felt that they should have gone to Archelaus and John tried to console her. Tom could still remember the warning that Archelaus had given him the day  he left and wondered if they should have gone to Archelaus as well. He worried about how Archelaus would react if he found out that they were hiding something from him. 
The group finished eating and John set up the watch schedule in which Tom and Cody would take the middle watch. Tom lay down under his blanket and fell asleep quickly, only to be awakened in short time by John for his watch. “Be vigilant tonight. I have a feeling that we’re being watched.” Tom nodded quietly and walked over next to Cody on the edge of the rocks. 
“Do you see anything?” Tom asked.
“No, but that doesn’t mean anything,” Cody said with a shrug. “If John has a feeling, then we'd better keep a close watch.” 
Tom looked out into the darkness and couldn’t see much, but he felt a chill run up his spine as he felt unseen eyes staring at him. However, the night stayed quiet and the unseen eyes remained hidden. Tom sighed when their watch ended, relieved that he wouldn't need to stare into the darkness while images of monsters crept into his over active imagination. He stood and stretched then walked over to Aithnea and Tanya and woke them.
“John says that he thinks there is someone watching us, so be on your guard,” Cody said to Tanya.
“Thanks for the warning,” Tanya replied.
Tom had a hard time falling asleep, worrying about who or what watched them in the night, but  finally slept, albeit fitfully. 
The next morning Tom woke with a soft shake from Aithnea. Tom looked up into her face and smiled, seeing her green eyes shining down on him. How he would love to wake to those eyes every morning. Tom stared at Aithnea for a moment longer before she smiled and kissed him lightly on the forehead. 
“It’s time to get up, sleepy head,” she said.
Tom smiled back and stood, glancing around to see if others had not been watching. He still felt some embarrassment by the obvious attraction that Aithnea and he shared. Still, he held her hand as they joined the rest of the group, and sat down next to Cody. Tom dished some food into a plate and ate while he stole glances at Aithnea. 
“We should be able to get to the edge of the forest by tonight if we move quickly,” Tanya said.
“Did you see anything on your watch?” John asked.
“No, but I did have the feeling we were being watched. I think if it had been the white eagle clan, they would have attacked already,” she said.
“What other people would be out here?” Tom asked in between bites of food.
“Well, sometimes my people come this far out, but generally they keep close to the protection of the trees. It may be just another group of travelers,” she suggested.
They finished their breakfast quickly and packed their meager belongings. Within a few minutes they were ready to head out again and Tanya took the lead with John and Kristiana taking up the rear. Tom and Cody helped Caspin as they walked along behind Tanya. 
“So Tanya, how long has it been since you've been home?” Cody asked.
Tanya looked over her shoulder. “I've been gone for about ten years,” she responded slowly.
“Why did you leave your home?” Aithnea asked.
Tanya looked down for a moment before responding, “I left to find meaning in my life. I didn’t agree with all the traditions of my people. I felt that I could help the world more by venturing out among humans.”
They continued on for a while longer when Cody asked, “What did you do for the white eagle clan?”
“I was a captain there and helped train the men. My main focus was on training the elite guard,” Tanya answered.
“It must have been hard to fight them,” Tom suggested.
“It was difficult, and I am grateful to all of you for not harming them too seriously. Things could have been much worse. It’s my way to make a decision and then to follow it through, no matter the consequences.” Tanya seemed to be a little sad as she spoke. 
Tom wondered what consequences had happened to her when she left her people. He watched her for awhile. She moved so confidently and it was no surprise to him that she followed through with what she started. He thought about the many times he had become uncertain about his own choices and even now he wondered if he should have answered the note that had come so long ago. What would his life be like if he had not gone out on that dark night? He remembered the headmaster and how he used to seem to be so big and powerful to him. Maybe I should go back and visit him when this is all done? Would he even be able to recognize me? What about Jacob and Peanut? I would definitely like to talk to them again. I want to make them pay for what they did to me. 





Chapter 17:

The companions continued their travels throughout the remainder of the day.  Upon reaching the crest of a low hill they could see the white forest below them. “We’re here at last,” Tanya said.
“Why do they call it the white forest?” Tom asked.
“In the very center of the forest there's a small grove of trees that are completely white. Legend has it that these trees were created when the world began and they are what give life to the forest. When one of the white trees dies it is burned. In the white ash is found a perfectly white seed that is planted in its place to grow and rejuvenate the forest once again,” Tanya replied. She headed down the hill toward the forest. 
Tom continued to study the forest as they descended, hoping to see the white trees.  When they reached the bottom of the hill, they headed toward the trees which ran like soldiers along the far edge of the meadow through which they walked. Green grass brushed along their knees as they walked and insects buzzed around them. Behind them the sun hung low in the sky. 
When they were within twenty yards of the forest several men and women stepped out from the trees. Many of them were holding bows and the one in the front had a large sword drawn. It looked similar to Tanya’s. Tanya came to a stop as the leader of the group walked toward them. 
“Tanya, is that you?” the leader asked.
Tanya froze as she looked at the leader and then ran forward with arms open. The leader also ran toward Tanya and they embraced for several minutes. The leader appeared to be slightly older than Tanya but they shared many of the same features. Are they sisters?  
“Tiarra, it has been too long,” Tanya said. She held the other woman at arms distance so that she could see her better.
“Yes, Tanya much too long,” Tiarra said.
Tiarra wore a long dress that had a belt around it that held her scabbard. Her slender body looked as if she would break easily, but Tom knew that this couldn't be true if she could fight half as well as Tanya. Tiarra slid her sword back into its scabbard and signaled to those behind her that everything was ok. “Why have you returned? I don’t think you’ll be welcomed by many,” Tiarra said. Her brows furrowed as she took her sister in. 
Tanya watched the people coming out of the forest and tensed. “I had to come back. These are my friends, and we need to search the library for clues relating to this ones quest.” She pointed at Tom.
“What’s so important about his quest that it could cost you your life, dear sister?” Tiarra asked concern washing over her face.
“Remember when we were studying the legends of the order of the rose?” Tanya asked.
“Yes, but what does that have to do with anything?”
“This one can use the energy inside of him and perform magic.” 
Tiarra looked at Tom and said, “What is your name boy?” 
Tom’s muscles tensed in his neck and his hands began to sweat. “My name's Tom.”
“Show me what you can do,” Tiarra said walking closer to him.
“Tiarra, stop badgering him. I've seen him use the magic, and I can feel the energy within him. He is strong, and we must help him,” Tanya said stepping in front of Tiarra.
“It's been a long time since you’ve left. Our people are not what they once were. The high order has been broken, and we are in civil war. Our people don’t control the library or the city. We are outcasts and we have been looking for something or someone who can turn the tide and restore order for our people. If this boy is able to control his energy like those of the rose, then we may have a chance.” Tiarra spoke quietly as if the very trees were spying on her.
Tanya stepped back in shock as the news hit her. “We have been at peace for so long what happened?”
“The elders grew weak and complacent, allowing the laws to become corrupted. The people began to clamor for justice, and yet the elders would not listen. A riot broke out in which many of the elders were killed. We tried to protect as many as we could, but the people were too strong, and we had to withdraw or lose them all. We are now outcasts, and the city is controlled by the black widow clan. We have made many attempts to root them out, but they are too strong and their influence grows.” Tiarra had clenched her fist as she spoke.
“We need to gain access to the library,” John said as he stepped forward. “How can we assist you, Tiarra?” 
“We have decided that a small group would be able to slip into the city and then head toward the hall of white. That’s where we believe that the black widow has set up her base of command. We haven’t gone in already because we don’t have enough people to both make an attack and protect the elders effectively,” Tiarra explained.
“If we do this, will the elders allow us to enter the library and give us the supplies we need?” Tanya asked.
“I cannot speak for them, but I don’t see how they could deny you. The one problem is that you would still need to face them in trial,” Tiarra said. Her face fell. Tanya looked down and nodded her head in consent; her face resolved and hard. 
“I must do this for Tom,” Tanya said.
Tiarra motioned to the group behind her, and they fell back among the trees, disappearing as Tom watched. Tiarra turned and walked toward the trees with Tanya at her side. The small group of friends looked at each other then headed into the forest after them. Tom felt uneasy about the plan but knew that it was the only chance they had of finding out more about the order of the rose. They needed to search the library for clues, and it sounded as if Tanya knew more about the order than she had first let on. The group walked through the forest for some time.  The huge trees, as big around as a small house and so tall that Tom couldn't see their tops, looked like sentinels. Every once in a while one of the elves would show themselves to the group then fade quietly into the woods. He could never get a real good look at them, only seeing them out of the corner of his eye. Once he saw one of the elves running along one of the branches jumping from branch to branch along side the group as they walked. 
Half an hour into the forest, the travelers reached a small clearing. Tiarra whistled and several ropes fell from the trees. Fifteen elves came out from behind the trees, surrounding them. They seemed to materialize out of thin air, catching Tom off guard. Several more elves dropped down ropes and then tied the ropes together to make a bridge. Tiarra whistled again and a long wooden platform fell into place over the ropes creating a walkway up to the trees. She climbed the walkway and the companions followed. Huts balanced precariously in the branches of the trees appeared as they climbed higher into the foliage. Wow, they're able to hide entire houses up here! Wooden bridges spanned the trees, creating walkways between them. They followed Tiarra through the forest town until they reached a massive tree which had been hollowed out. In its center a regal building had been formed. Even though a large portion of the tree had been cut away it still flourished sprouting gold and peach blossoms amid spring green foliage. Tiarra motioned to the tree. “The tree of the Elders,” she informed them. As the small group drew closer to the large structure, Tom saw that the trees buzzed with numerous elves hurrying from place to place. Adults greeted each other as they met. Children ran through the treetops racing along the wooden bridges a hundred feet above the ground as if they ran on the ground. What it would be like to be young and innocent again, to have no worries? Tom grinned as he watched three children swinging happily on long vines.
 Tiarra held up her hand as they came to the entrance of the Tree of the Elders. “Please wait out here while I speak with the elders.” Tiarra beckoned for Tanya to follow, and they walked through a wooden door. Tom caught a glimpse of a magnificent hall before the door closed.
“This place is amazing,” Aithnea said as she looked around at the trees.
An elf walked up to them. “What is even more amazing is that if you were on the ground you would not even know that we were up here.” The group turned to look at the tall slender elf who had walked up unnoticed behind them. The elf smiled at their surprise. “My name is Tarsus. I'm the mayor of this small village.”
“My name is John and this is Kristiana, Caspin, Cody, Tom and Aithnea.” John pointed to each of them as he spoke their names. “This place is like no other,” he said.
Tarsus looked around for a minute. “We take great pride in our ability to form our homes and structures around the trees. We try to give back to the trees as much as we take and in turn the trees provides us with what we need.” 
“Do elves only build in the trees?” John asked.
Tarsus laughed. “No, we are but a small village in this forest. Most elves dwell on the ground. They build their structures out of the trees and some even shape the trees around their buildings on the ground. There are others that have learned to form their buildings in the depths of the earth…” Tarsus looked down rubbing his chin and said, “…We have little contact with those elves. In fact we thought that they had all died off until just recently. That is why the elders are here instead of the capital.” Tarsus looked at the kids playing on the bridges and his face turned sad. “I fear that our home will begin to change now that we have been noticed by the dark elves. We have always played such a small part among the elves and have kept to ourselves more than most.” Tarsus looked up suddenly as if he had been awakened from a dream into reality. “Well, that’s the way things are I guess. If you try to stay apart from the world the world always has a way of bringing you back in.” 
“Isn't that the truth,” John agreed then “well, maybe we'll be able to help each other out some here.”
The door to the large structure opened, and Tiarra motioned for the group to enter. Seeing Tarsus, she beckoned him to enter as well. The companions along with Tarsus entered through the door into a huge room. Several tables surrounded by chairs sat in the  middle of the room. Two doors at the far end of the room led deeper into the structure, while many windows along the walls allowed natural light to pour into the room. At the far end of the room a group of elves sat. Before them, stood Tanya, head held high in defiance. 
Tiarra led the group to the table where the others sat. “Please sit.” The companions sat in the available chairs and Tiarra stood next to her sister grabbing her hand briefly in support. 
Five elves sat at the table. They're all women. The women looked older than Tanya but not by much. However, they had a certain air of wisdom that told Tom that they were much older than they appeared. “We’re all that remains of the elders of the elves,” one of the women said slowly as she studied the companions. “Tiarra has told us that you're willing to help us in return for supplies and access to our library. We can grant you this if you succeed in your mission along with any additional help that you may require. In the case of the one who travels with you, she will have to stand trial for her crime.” The woman talked with no emotion.
“We thank you for your promised assistance and hope that we may be able to accomplish what is needed,” Kristiana spoke to the elders. Why was John not speaking for them like he had so many times before? Do they only respect women?  It was as if John had sat back and become as invisible as possible to the elders. John showed no sign of being upset or taken aback by the situation and looked at Kristiana with complete confidence. Kristiana on the other hand had taken on an entirely different demeanor. She had become not only beautiful and powerful but very confident in her abilities at diplomacy. Kristiana paused for a moment as she glanced at Tanya. “The one you speak of has been a great help to us in a desperate time of need…” she paused again as if she looked for the exact words that needed to be spoken and then continued. “…We feel that without her aid in the current situation we would be lost and unable to complete the mission that you have set before us. We ask that during her trial her service not only to you but the service she has given us be considered.”
The woman that had been speaking for the elders grew noticeably more tense and glancing at her sisters to either side spoke, “Her sins are too grievous to allow her the chance to escape again. She'll not be allowed to leave this village.”
Kristiana’s eyes grew hard and Tom noticed that her jaw tightened almost imperceptibly. “Without her assistance we will not know our way around the city and will be lost. I see no way of being able to accomplish the task that you have set before us without her help.”
“She abandoned her people long ago and has shown that she cannot be trusted. We can not trust that she will return.” 
Tiarra stepped forward and spoke, “Elders.” She paused as she looked at the woman who had been speaking. “Guiding Mother. There is a law in the book of truth, which states that one who is close to the accused may stand in her place. I now invoke that law and take the place of Tanya.” 
Tanya grabbed Tiarra’s arm turning her to look at her. Tiarra smiled faintly and turned back to the elders. A long silence spread over the room as everyone turned their eyes on Tiarra. She looked back at the elders with a face of stone. 
“You can’t take my place sister. I did what I did and do not regret my actions. What was done had to be done. I will stand trial and accept the word of the elders,” Tanya said.
Tiarra looked at Tanya smiling softly. “My little sister I know that the decision you made was correct now that I see what you've become, and I am willing to make a hard decision as well. Let me choose, as you chose many years ago, to sacrifice my own well being for another.” She glanced over at Kristiana briefly then continued. “Your friend speaks wisely, without your help there's no way that they'll accomplish the mission. You have been the only one that has ever been able to escape the city. If you can escape it, then you can certainly find a way back in.”
Tiarra hugged her younger sister as the elders talked among themselves in elven. After a few minutes and much discussion the elders turned to the two sisters. The Guiding Mother spoke without emotion. “We accept your decision, Tiarra but know this, that you must stand trial if the accused does not return. If the accused is successful in the mission at hand, we will allow that new evidence to be used in her trial.”  
Turning to Kristiana she said, “Is this acceptable?”
“We accept your terms and find them most gracious,” Kristiana responded.
“Good. Then we will now explain to you what must be done.” The Guiding Mother turned to one of the guards in the room and nodded. The guard left the room and the elves on the other side of the table sat quietly without expression. Occasionally Tanya glanced at her sister with loving eyes. Tiarra seemed unmoved and looked forward without flinching. But her hands trembled ever so slightly and unseen behind her long skirt, she tenderly touched Tanya's hand.
The guard returned to the room with a small box and several rolled up maps. The Guiding Mother took the small box and the guard set the maps onto the table then left. “This device must arrive in the central chamber of the palace and then be activated. It is a sun stone and upon activation will flash a brilliant light. The palace will then magnify the light throughout the city. The flash will blind everyone in the city and should cause quite a bit of pain to the dark elves.” The Guiding Mother spoke as she opened the box revealing a small white stone. “Once we see the light we will know that it is time to attack. The light should give us the advantage we need to retake the palace and uproot our enemies.” The Guiding Mother paused as she looked at the companions. 
“Won’t we be blinded as well? How will we escape the activation of the stone? We’ll be a brilliant light in a house made of glass,” John said.
The Guiding Mother looked at John coolly. “You are correct. We have created masks that should protect you from most of the light, but there will still be the problem of getting out unnoticed. We hope that after activating the stone, there will be enough confusion to give you time to escape.”
Tanya stepped forward. “If the dark elves have come to the surface, they must have some magic or resistance to light.”
The Guiding Mother looked down for a moment and then looked at Tanya. “We fear that this may be true. If it is, the light will still cause some blindness and enough confusion to give us the advantage that we need. The real threat will be what has given them the ability to survive in the palace of light. We fear there may be several witches working under the direction of the black widow. We also have reason to believe that many of our own people have joined them. I warned the other elders but they wouldn’t listen.” Her frowned glance at the other elders at the table, was the first sign of emotion she had shown since meeting with the companions. After a moment of discomfort around the table she returned to the problem at hand. She unrolled one of the maps and pointed to several different places. “Do you recognize these places, Tanya?” 
“Yes, they are the towers of power,” Tanya replied.
“We believe that they must have hit these places first and stopped the flow of power to the palace. This enabled them to bypass the defenses. We need to regain control of each of the three towers. These other places…” she pointed to other locations on the map, “…are where we believe they are keeping our people who would not join them. We hope that if we can get in and free them, we would gain another tactical advantage.”
Tanya studied the map for several minutes, running her finger along the different streets, tracing the best routes. Suddenly a guard burst through the door. “Guiding Mother,” the guard said as he bowed in front of the elf.
“Yes,” said the Guiding Mother and she raised him with her hand.
“A dark elf has come, asking for an audience with you.”
Tiarra quickly removed her sword and stepped toward the door. “It may be a trap, Mother.”
The Guiding Mother put her fingers to her temples and closed her eyes. “Bring the elf here. We’ll see what he wants.”
The guard left with Tiarra and after a few moments returned with what appeared to be an elf but his skin was very dark. He had black hair that fell half way down his back. Tom's jaw dropped when he saw that the elf’s eyes. They were a light red. Several guards led the dark elf while Tiarra walked behind with her weapon drawn. The elf’s hands were bound, and he had no weapons that Tom could see.
“I have come to ally with you and your people,” the elf said, after the Guiding Mother had turned and acknowledged him. He continued haltingly. “I have been waiting for an opportunity to speak with you for several days. But only now with the arrival of these,” he motioned to the companions, “have I been able to make myself known to you.”
The Guiding Mother sat in her chair examining the dark elf for a long time. “Your thoughts are guarded and I am unable to read them completely,” she said.
The dark elf smiled slightly. “That is to be expected. I have trained for many years to block mind reading abilities.”
The guiding mother focused on him again for several minutes. Sweat began to trickle down the dark elf’s forehead. He cringed then fell to the floor with his hands over his head. “You are very strong and I do not know of any who could block my power,” the Guiding Mother said haltingly. Her breathing had become heavy.
The dark elf stood slowly, regaining his composure. “I’ve been training because the Black Widow uses powers similar to yours. Not all of the dark elves are evil. Just as not all of the wood elves are good.” The dark elf smiled, and the Guiding Mother nodded in consent. “In order for my group to remain unnoticed, we had to train our minds to resist the power of psionics. The Black Widow has an elite force trained in psionics, and they frequently walk the streets looking for unbelievers. One day a man found his way among my people, looking for treasures and also looking to study the psionic ability. I wondered how he was able to get past the Black Widow’s elite guard, and he promised to share his secrets with me if I would share with him the secrets of psionics. I studied with him for many years and then began to form a resistance.” He looked down at the table as if considering how to continue. “The Black Widow found a way to attack you by forming an alliance with someone within your elders.” He paused again as he studied the elves. “The rebellion was still too new to resist her. The attack... on your people gave us the opportunity to grow stronger.” The dark elf paused looking for support from those around him. 
Tom saw that the Guiding Mother concentrated intently upon the dark elf and seemed to pay little attention to his words but more to his face and emotions. “If you are speaking the truth why will you not open your mind to me?” she inquired. 
Tom noticed a brief moment of hesitation in the dark elf. “Because, I've trained for so long the defense has become part of me. It would be as easy for a dragon to remove her scales as it would be for me to remove the defense that guards me.” 
The Guiding Mother looked at the elf with her brow furrowing slightly. “How will I know that this is not a trap and that you speak truth?”
The dark elf nodded at one of the guards. “He has within his possession a map that shows all of the defenses of my people within the palace.” The dark elf looked sad when he said this, and Tom wondered if he still had love for his people even though he disagreed with them. The dark elf looked up shortly and continued. “I wish there was another way to free my people from the grasp of darkness that enshrouds them. But the only way I can see to release them is by betraying them. I have spent many years trying to fight against the influence of the Black Widow, but I've had very little success. My group awaits a time when we can once again have peace with our brethren.”
To everyone's surprise the Guiding Mother said, “I accept your alliance,” Gasps escaped the other elves.
“I don't think we can trust him. We have been at war with them off and on since time began. You can not trust his kind. They have always been distrustful.” One of the elders shouted, pointing at the dark elf.
The Guiding Mother turned on the elder. “Too long we have lived with prejudice for others. Too long we have lived in our forests while the world turns around us. We must take our place in this world, and we must be able to accept those around us. We must unite with all those who will help us if we are to regain our homes. I will not turn him away because of age old grudges for which we do not even remember cause.”
The dark elf knelt down in front of the Guiding Mother and bowing his head said, “I pledge my life to your protection. You’ve trusted me when there was no real proof to trust me. You have trusted me despite false grudges and preconceptions of me and my people.” The dark elf looked up with tears in his eye. “There are good among us who yearn for freedom from evil, and we’re grateful for your support.”
The Guiding Mother, stunned by the behavior of the dark elf, paused for a brief moment then put her hand under his chin and raised him to her level. “I accept your pledge and pledge to you that your people will be considered our brethren from this time forward. You will no longer need to fear the light.”
The Mother turned on the other elders at the table who, after a brief pause, all stood before the dark elf and speaking simultaneously said, “We pledge that you will be from this day forward called our brethren.” The elders sat back down and the Guiding Mother slipped a small knife from the folds of her robes and cut the bands that were around the dark elf’s wrists. 
Rubbing his wrists, he said, “Thank you.” He sat at the table where the Guiding Mother directed.
“You can call me Teresa, what do you call yourself?” she asked.
“You may call me Xantar,” he said as he nodded his head toward her.
 She nodded back and turned back to the map. “I think it would be best if Xantar was to go with you…” Teresa began. 
Kristiana interrupted her. “I don’t think it would be wise to have him with us. We don’t know him, and he may not only jeopardize the mission but our lives as well.”
Teresa looked up from the map toward Kristiana. “If he is to be of use to us, he will need to be in a position where he can help. I am hoping that he will be able to get his band together to help the attack.”
“I think I’ll be of most help if I go with you. There isn’t much I can do outside the city,” Xantar said looking at Kristiana. “I understand that it’s hard to trust me, but trust me you must. Your plan will be useless without my help and you, would be detected within a few hours. I have enough psionic ability to cover a small group from the detection of the Black Widow’s patrols,” Xantar said.
Kristiana turned to John who nodded his consent. She then nodded in Xantar’s direction. 
Teresa continued to explain the plan to the others as Tom drifted off. He thought about the dark elf and his psionic ability. He had heard of people with the ability to do things like move objects and sometimes see what card someone was holding. But this was all new to him. He didn’t understand how a person could read another person’s mind or detect them without seeing them. He wondered about Teresa and her own power and how it made Xantar sweat and feel pain. 
The elves, Kristiana, and John continued to discuss the plans late into the evening. Other elves would come in occasionally bringing food and drink. Tom loved the different fruits and breads that were brought in to eat and the nectar to drink. He ate as much as he could, paying for it later with a stomach ache. 
After many hours of deliberation, the group of humans and elves agreed on a plan. Time for rest had finally come. Elves directed the companions to another home where they were able to take baths and get clean clothes. Tom took a quick shower and dressed in clean clothes then headed to the fluffy bed prepared for him by an elf woman. He smiled as he stared up at the wood ceiling. It's been to long since I've slept in a clean bed. He closed his eyes and quickly fell asleep. That night the dreams came again. 







Chapter 18:

Tom stood inside the most beautiful place he had ever seen. Glass covered every surface he could see, as if a giant glassblower had blown an entire building from his pipe. When the sun hit the glass, each facet dazzled a different color, sometimes a light pink, some times a bright red, other times brilliant orange. He saw blues, purples, and yellows and once the most amazing shade of green. Doors, columns even the furniture glittered in the sun. He walked toward glass stairs and followed them up to a glass landing above. 
As he stood on the landing, he looked down to where he had just come from. A large round spot appeared that turned dark red, the color of blood. As he watched the spot, it grew and spread out toward the stairs , slowly climbing the stairs toward him.  The blood stain reached the top of the landing. Tom backed away from the blood red color as it crawled toward him. The stain moved quicker and quicker and he turned and ran. He ran through glass doors and up glass flights of stairs but it followed him wherever he went. 
He came to a room filled with his friends. They were laughing. They did not seem to notice the stain that had taken over the building. He yelled to them. They just turned and smiled at him and went back to what they were doing. He tried pulling on them to get them to leave the room before the stain reached them but they ignored him. Suddenly he saw Xantar. 
Xantar approached Tom, showing concern for the situation. Tom told Xantar about the stain and that he couldn't get the others to listen to him. Xantar looked at the blood stain that approached them and then looked back at Tom. “You must trust me and allow me to help you when the time comes,” Xantar said.
Tom woke suddenly. He expected to be in a blood red prison made of glass. Instead he saw the room that he had fallen asleep in and felt the soft bed under him. He slowly laid back down into his bed, still shaken from the dream. He thought about the dream and wondered what it meant. He wondered about the strange dark elf, Xantar. Can we really trust him? Why did Teresa trust him so quickly? He finally slipped back to sleep. It was a sleep without dreams.
The next morning the companions woke early in order to prepare for the busy day ahead of them. Tom learned that they would need to travel for two days through dense forest in order to reach the palace; therefore they would be leaving early this morning. The wood elves prepared to leave as well. The plan called for the companions to get into the palace and  move to each of the towers, disabling their defenses. For this step, they decided that it would be best if they split into three groups. Tom would go with Cody and Aithnea. They had spent many hours the previous night making sure they were adequately oriented to the city and the tower they were in charge of. Once the towers were deactivated, they would then need to detonate the sun stone as quickly as possible. 
“Good morning, Tom,” Cody said as they put on the armor the elves had prepared for them. Tom had been given a light leather armor that had been dyed green in patterns to help with stealth. The elf who had given it to him said that it was one of their finer suits. Aithnea had been given a green robe with many brown symbols woven into it. The robe did not provide as much protection as the leather armor but gave her better movement, allowing her to cast spells without interruption. Aithnea had looked at Tom’s leather armor in doubt and commented on how he wouldn’t be able to move as freely. This may interrupt his movements when casting spells. Kristiana reminded Aithnea that Tom didn't need to use as much movements, but instead used more energy when casting spells. Cody had been given a chain suit that protected his upper and lower body. The elves explained that an ancient enchanter had enchanted the armor to make it silent. When Cody had shaken the armor Tom could hear only the tiniest tinkle of sound coming from it.
“Hi Cody,” Tom said, with a lot less enthusiasm. 
“What’s wrong?”
Tom looked at Cody then back to the straps on his armor. “I don’t know. I think I’m just nervous.” Tom could see the excitement on Cody’s face. 
Cody walked next to Tom, tightening a strap. “It’s good to be a little nervous. It will keep you on your toes. The problem is when it incapacitates you. Just remember that through most of the fight John and Kristiana will be by your side and they have been through countless battles. And anyway you know that you’re their most precious treasure. They won’t let anything happen to you,” Cody said clapping Tom on the back and smiling.
“I know that. It’s just that this is the first battle we are actually heading into as opposed to reacting to it.”
“Tom, that makes it that much better. We’re prepared, and we know where we are going. We don’t know exactly what we’ll be facing, but we do know more about the enemy than ever before. I’ll be next to you and helping you through it.” Tom felt more confident standing next to Cody and Tom gave a small smile. His stomach still churned, but he felt the strong bond that he and Cody had formed. It gave Tom the strength to keep his breakfast down. He wouldn’t want any other person standing next to him during a fight. Tom and Cody finished putting their armor on and strapped on their weapons belt. Tom had been given a well balanced long sword with a sharp edge. Cody wore a dagger, long sword and a pistol. They both put on a green hooded cloak and left the room. In the path, adjusting their cloaks, stood Aithnea and Kristiana. Tom stopped in his tracks. Aithnea wore a green cloak over her green and brown robe. Her black hair cascaded down her back and her green eyes sparkled in the morning sunlight. She smiled at him when she saw that he stared at her. Tom turned and blushed. She walked up to him and kissed him on the cheek. “Good morning, Tom,” she said sweetly.
Looking back at her, he heard Cody chuckling next to him. “Good morning, Aithnea,” Tom murmured.
Kristiana smiled at the two, then continued along the path toward the council tree at the center of the village. Cody hurried after Kristiana. Tom and Aithnea followed much more slowly. She grabbed his hand. “Are you worried at all?” she asked.
He looked at her, wondering if he should tell her the truth or not. He said, “Yes, a little, but I think that we’ll be well protected. John and Kristiana will be there. Besides, we’ve battled skeletons, and what can be worse than skeletons?”
Aithnea gave a weak smile. “I guess you’re right, but I’m still worried. I wish we had more time to prepare and to make sure that this is the best way to do this. Tanya said that things should go just fine and that with the help of the prisoners and Xantar we’ll have the support we need. But it's all kind of based on ifs isn't it.”
Tom looked up at the mention of Xantar. “I had an odd dream about Xantar last night,” Tom said.
Aithnea looked at him in surprise. “I did too. What was yours about?”
Tom only hesitated a second. “We were in a glass palace and it turned to blood… or the color of blood. I ran from it and then came to a room filled with all of you guys. When I tried to alert you to the problem, no one would listen. Xantar appeared and he told me to trust him.”
Aithnea looked down and then back up as Tom squeezed her hand as if to remind her to tell her story. “My dream was similar to yours.” Aithnea quickly turned away and Tom had the feeling that she hid something. But he knew that he would get no more from her so he didn't press.
The two reached the large building as Tanya and Tiarra arrived. Tom's curiosity about Aithnea’s secretiveness faded as they entered the large structure. Elves were everywhere, doing different tasks around the building. Several equipped with weapons and armor handed out weapons to other elves. Others studied maps and scrolls while others packed supplies for the journey. Tom still had not become accustomed to the elves and seeing them all together only increased the excitement. 
The elves all wore green dyed leather armor and green cloaks with the strange brown markings interwoven in them. Those studying the scrolls wore similar robes to what Aithnea wore. Most of the elves had long bows that went from their heads to the floor. They also had at their side’s daggers and a few of them wore pistols as well. Another group bore both a long sword and a dagger. Those with the long swords looked to be a little bigger than the others and their armor appeared to be heavier. As they entered Tiarra walked up to the group with the swords and spoke to them. 
Tanya looked over at Tom, and said, “How are you doing today?”
“I’m doing ok. I slept… well a lot better than on the ground, that‘s for sure,” Tom said and laughed.
“Yes, sleeping in a bed makes me remember why I joined the white eagle clan instead of being a mercenary,” said Tanya. He noticed that Tanya had changed her armor and now wore armor similar to the other elves but her cloak had a darker green outlining of a tree. A green sword, that looked similar to the one she wielded, stood out below the tree. Tom frowned as he looked at her. She didn't smile as much and new lines creased her face. What happened to make her want to leave her people. 
Tom saw that Cody and the others were across the room talking to each other, probably planning the upcoming battle. A hush suddenly fell over the elves, and they came to attention. He looked around and saw Teresa. She entered with two other younger female elves, each bearing a sword, and wearing the same armor as Tanya. The two elves walked a foot behind Teresa. Their bodies were stiff and their eyes darted left and right, constantly surveying the crowd for any danger.
Teresa came to a stop in front of the large crowd of elves. “My dear sons and daughters, today we head back to our homes to retake what is rightfully ours.” Her voice boomed catching Tom off guard. “We have been wronged, but we will now correct that wrong. Many of you will fall in the coming days but know that you are fighting for your family and for your liberties.” She lowered her hands and all the elves knelt except the two female elves next to her. She pulled from her robes a symbol of a white tree with a sword that went through the heart of it. She held it high in the air. In a language that Tom could not understand she chanted and the symbol glowed. After a moment longer of chanting white light burst from it. 
Tom's soul filled with confidence and hope. He had no more fear of the upcoming battle, and he no longer worried about the outcome. All he cared about was doing his part and completing the mission. Tanya looked down at him smiling. “She has quite an affect doesn’t she? The blessing will enable your mind to be clear during the battle, and you will have a greater desire to succeed. The Guiding Mother will be with you and all of the elves over the next few days, lending strength where it is needed.”
Tom noticed that the two female elves standing next to Teresa had to support her as they walked out of the room. Teresa looked as if she was in a trance and the two elves were her only link to reality. “What happened to her?” Tom asked, still watching her leave the room.
Tanya, watching her go, replied. “She is now in a trance, and she has become one with the other elves in this room. She can feel their pain and their emotions. When you feel fear or hurt, she will take a small part of it and replace it with confidence. She can feel which ones need more help, and that is where it is given.”
He looked back to Tanya and saw that her eyes had misted over. “What’s wrong Tanya?”
She wiped her eyes quickly. “Nothing is wrong. I’ll be ok.” Tanya walked briskly toward her sister and gave her a long hug. Tom watched as the two embraced and then Tanya waved the companions to follow. With a few quick goodbyes they left the building. They walked along the high bridges to a ramp that had been dropped to allow them to descend to the forest floor. There Xantar waited for them.








Chapter 19:

“Good morning,” Xantar said as he joined them, then taking the lead, he strode into the forest. Tom noticed that Tanya seemed to be more alive than ever since arriving in the forest. She seemed to glide through the forest without even touching the ground. The group headed deeper into the forest and Tom soon lost his direction, luckily Caspin waved him in the right direction and Tom realized that if he did not keep up he would be lost forever. The companions walked most of the day without speaking, keeping a brisk pace, stopping only for brief moments to get food and water. As the day went on the trees grew thicker and shut out much of the sunlight. Tom wondered at how the two elves could stay on the path with the low light but it seemed that Xantar’s pace increased as it grew darker.
The companions came upon a clearing and Tanya held her hand up. She then held her finger to her mouth. Xantar and Tanya slowly circled the small clearing in opposite directions and John pulled his sword from its scabbard. Tom looked around but because of the density of the trees and the low light he couldn’t see much. 
John waited for a few minutes and then he and Kristiana entered the clearing. The two walked casually but slowly towards the other side. Tom saw that Kristiana’s lips moved quietly as they moved closer to the grassy center. As the two reached the center of the clearing, a man walked from the opposite side to meet them. John put his sword to the ground and leaned on it slightly as the man approached. 
“Hello there,” John said.
Tom couldn’t make out to whom John spoke. Is it another elf or a man, and what are they doing here?
“Hello sir, what brings you into the woods?” the other man said. 
“My sister and I travel to the white trees to receive wisdom. We have journeyed many days and hope to reach the tree by tomorrow. We come in peace meaning no harm,” John replied.
The other person looked around warily expecting a trap. “No one may enter the sacred grove at this time. It would be best if you returned to where you came from.”
Tom heard a sound to his right. He dropped to the ground and looked to see who or what had made the sound. Beside him Cody also crouched low. Tom quietly pulled his sword from its scabbard. Aithnea's mind began to clear as she prepared herself for a spell. Caspin moved quietly behind a large tree putting his back up against it. 
“We’re under the understanding that anyone can seek wisdom from the white tree. What has happened that we may no longer enter the grove?” John asked.
Tom watched a person materialize directly in front of him facing the clearing. Where did he come from?  The man in front of him slowly pulled a bow from the quiver that hung on his back, and notched an arrow. He pulled the string back slowly, preparing to release the missle. Tom jumped forward hitting the man in the back with his shoulder. A loud gasp of air escaped the man's mouth as Tom knocked the wind out of him. The man fell to the ground and released the arrow harmlessly into the ground at the edge of the clearing. 
At the same moment Tom heard an eruption of sound all around him, as if the trees had come alive and moved on their own accord. Tom jumped on top of the man he had hit in the back. He pulled the knife from his belt and held it to the man’s throat. He looked around. John had the man in the clearing held firmly, knife threatening. 
“How many of you are there,” John shouted at the man.
The man’s face had gone white and a red welt grew across his nose where John must have hit him. The man sagged slightly and Tom wondered how much longer the man would be able to stay standing. “There are only five of us,” the man said.
John looked at the edge of the clearing and then looked back at the man. “Why are you here?”
“We have come to ask for help from the Guiding Mother. When we approached her city we saw that something was wrong and began to head back to our village. We were attacked by a small group of elves with dark skin. They killed three of our friends but the rest of us were able to escape,” The man responded. His voice quivered.
“Why did you think that we were with them?” John asked pulling the man up as he began to slump further. 
“We are scared, and we didn’t know who you were with. The dark elves had a woman with them and several men. They seemed to be working together. We thought that maybe we would be better off if we ambushed you. We hoped that we would be able to take you off guard. We're just trying to get home.” The man’s voice nearly failed him. His legs were buckling underneath his own weight. John pulled him up to keep him standing and to offer better protection. 
Caspin entered the small clearing and walked up to the man. John looked hesitantly at Caspin and back at the man that he held in his grasp. Caspin put a hand on John’s strong forearm and John allowed the man to fall to the ground. Caspin prayed and put his hands on the man, color returned to his face. 
The man looked up at Caspin in surprise. “You’re a healer?”
Caspin appraised the man. “Yes my dear brother. You must forgive our methods but like you we are wary of those we encounter. You and your brothers may leave now, and I recommend that you do so quickly.”
John looked up at Caspin in shock. “Caspin we don’t know if he is telling the truth or not. We can’t just let them leave. What if they give us away?”
“John, I know him. He is not one of those we fight,” Caspin responded.
The man under Tom’s weight stirred slightly, and Tom moved the knife from the man’s neck and stood. The man slowly got to his feet and quickly backed away from Tom as he entered the clearing to meet his companion. Three other men slowly walked into the clearing heading toward John and Kristiana.
Caspin looked at the man whom he had just healed. “What happened at your village?”
The man looked up at Caspin with uncertainty. “We were attacked by bandits. The elves have always come to our aid in the past but when we signaled for them, they did not come. We feared that they had abandoned us, and we were sent to find out what had happened. We traveled here and arrived three nights ago. As we drew closer to the city, we became uneasy, knowing that the elves had always met us in the past at the edge of the forest, so we went a little farther in. When we still saw no elves, we decided that we should leave as quickly as possible. As we headed back to our village, we were attacked by the group of dark skinned elves and a woman. Three of our brethren fell as we ran. I’m not sure why we were allowed to escape. We figured that you were part of the group coming to finish us off, and so we laid an ambush.”
John scanned the trees and Tanya and Xantar ran off into the forest.
“We best leave this clearing. You may leave. You should head in the direction we came from. You shouldn’t run into any more dark elves from that direction.” 
John, Kristiana and Caspin headed for the trees on the opposite side of the clearing. Tom, Aithnea and Cody circled around the clearing. The three of them met up with John and the others on the other side. Xantar and Tanya had not yet returned. Where did they go to? Are they still worried about the group or are they looking for other elves? 
“I think it would be best if we moved on,” John said as he scanned the forest. The companions continued in the same direction they had been going. After they walked for nearly an hour, Tanya and Xantar reappeared. John stopped the group. “Is there anyone following us?” he asked.
“I don’t believe so, but the forest has grown quiet. We found where the battle between the dark elves and the humans took place, but there was no sign of anyone still remaining in the area,” Tanya said. 
John studied the ground as he thought. 
“We’ve no choice we must go on,” Kristiana said, touching his arm tenderly.
John shook his head slightly. “I fear that we will not be able to surprise them. I’m worried that the witch that attacked us at the cabin is here… I can’t stand to see you hurt like that again Kris.” 
“John, I’ll be ok. It will work out. I won’t be caught off guard this time.” Kristiana spoke softly.
“Tanya what do you think?” John asked as he turned to Tanya.
“I think that they are expecting us from the front with a large force. If we are able to circle around to the rear, we should be able to get in unnoticed. If they haven’t already discovered us that is. We should travel through the night so that we’ll be able to hit them in the early morning,” she responded.
“My ability will be able to cover our passing. The black widow will not be able to detect us until we are well in to the city and hopefully by then she’ll not be able to pinpoint our exact location until it’s too late.” Xantar said.
John looked at Tanya. “You should take point. Be on the lookout for any surprises that may be waiting for us.” John looked over his shoulder to Xantar, and said, “Xantar how far ahead can she go and still be protected by your ability?”
“I believe that I will be able to cover her if she stays within twenty yards of me.”
John looked ahead at the dense forest. “I guess that will have to do then.” He nodded to Tanya and she vanished in to the forest. 
They traveled through the rest of the day, only stopping occasionally. When it became too dark for them to see Xantar led them as they held on to a rope between them. Tom’s legs ached, and he stumbled over the rocks and limbs that lay in his path. He had a hard time keeping his eyes open and wondered how he would make it through the night. If I’m too tired to walk, how am I going to be able to fight when the time comes? Maybe that is what the adrenaline is for? He grinned to himself. The group traveled on, Tom only saw Tanya occasionally. She would dart in and out among the trees and report to John with a simple nod of the head. John continued to push the group through the night, taking no breaks as they traveled. Tom felt the weariness in his body as they traveled, he just wanted to find a good place to lay down and sleep. But he stayed strong for Aithnea who occasionally would lean on him. She nearly fell asleep as she leaned on his shoulder at one poiint. He smiled as he looked at Cody up ahead. How does he do it? He doesn’t look tired at all. He never seems to get down about anything, not even when he’s stumbling through an overgrown forest. After what seemed an eternity to Tom, the group finally came to a halt. The trees didn’t appear to be any different than the last thousand they had past. Why did John decide to stop here?
John sat down. “We’ll rest until morning. I’ll take the watch tonight while the rest of you sleep as best you can. Tanya, I would appreciate it if you would also stay up.”  He looked at her with a weak smile.
“Don’t worry about me, John. I don’t need to sleep,” Tanya responded sarcastically.
Tom lay down, and it seemed that he had no sooner fallen to sleep than someone shook him awake. “It’s time to get up. Get a quick breakfast. We’ll be leaving shortly,” Tanya said quietly. 
“Ok,” Tom mumbled sleepily as he tried to sit up. After several attempts he finally stood. He stretched and rubbed at a sore muscle in his neck. That's going to be annoying. He walked over to where Cody and Aithnea sat and grabbed a dry piece of fruit and some water. He ate standing, not daring to sit down again, afraid he wouldn't be able to get up at all. 
Tom rubbed at his neck again and said, “This adventuring stuff sure isn’t much fun.” 
“What? You mean you like a warm soft bed that you can lay down in without feeling rocks in your back and a warm breakfast to wake up to each morning.” Cody smiled. Of Course Cody is in a good mood again. Tom couldn't help but smile back at Cody's infectious grin. Cody's smile seemed to ease his troubles and make life seem doable.  Tom watched Cody get his gear ready. Carefully checking his weapons as he put them in place, Tom grinned when he noticed Cody and Tanya share a smile when they thought no one else watched. When Cody realized that Tom was watching, he blushed and quickly turned away. 
“We need to be moving, soon,” John said, as he walked around checking everyone’s gear. The group finished making preparations to leave, then huddled around John as he went over the plans one final time.
“We’ll all hit the palace, and then we’ll split up into our groups. Cody, Tom and Aithnea will hit the closest tower. Tanya and Caspin will hit the west tower and Kristiana and I’ll hit the east tower. Xantar you’ll need to go and find your people and head to the prisoners and release them. Does anyone have any questions?” John looked around to each one in the group. “Remember that if you are over run we'll meet here and regroup. The elves should be attacking shortly to give us more support and to distract most of the enemy.” John looked up at the group. He smiled reassuringly. “Be aware of what's happening around you and stay focused on the objective. It’s time to get going.” John turned and led the group toward the edge of the city. 
Tom’s breath caught in his throat as he looked at the magnificent city that thrust out of the surrounding forest. The buildings looked as if they had been shaped to appear like trees. The bases were wide, and as the buildings climbed into the sky, they became narrower and branched off to connect to other buildings. The entire city appeared to be made of crystal and when the sun struck the facades, they reflected every color of the rainbow. Every building joined to a large building in the center of the city, and that building rose high into the sky until it seemed to pierce the clouds that floated lazily through the blue heavens. It's crystal skin reflected white like snow right after it had fallen. When the sun hit the building at just the right angle Tom could see through the walls into the interior. Three other buildings stood around the edge of the town, not as high as the center building but taller than the rest. These were the control towers that they were to infiltrate, and disable. As Tom looked on he carefully plotted the walkways that connected the three towers to each other and then to the center building. 
John turned and looked at the group. He pointed out the tower each group was responsible for. Once again Tom followed the attack way with his eyes. Then, as John turned and headed into the city, he followed. The city looked and felt like a ghost town, empty and haunted. Why is it so quiet? It feels like a huge weight is sitting over the town. The group quietly ran from building to building as they wound their way toward the palace. Suddenly, an explosion of sound came from the far side of the city. Tom could hear battle cries ripping through the heavy air toward him. “They've begun the assault. We must hurry. They’ll be putting up the protective barrier, and my people will have to retreat,” Tanya said in a hushed tone. The group continued at a quicker pace. Tom could hear the battle dieing down. Suddenly the air filled with electricity. A bright light flashed around the city, and he had the distinct feeling of being trapped inside a bubble. Looking behind him, he saw the trees shimmering through a film that separated  him and the forest. 
The group reached the center of the city, and to Tom’s relief only four guards stood outside the palace. The guards wore black leather armor with an even blacker image of a spider. The spider's legs wrapped around their bodies in a protective fashion. On their heads, black helmets sprouted black hair from the top. For weapons, each wore a long sword at his side and cradled a rifle in his arms. “Those are part of the Black Widow’s elite guard. Their bullets are dipped in a poison that if not neutralized will kill a grown man in minutes. They also have psionic ability and communicate with each other through thoughts. We must be careful,” Xantar said. Tom saw worry or maybe it was fear cross Xantar's face.
“Kris, we’ll need a shield if we are to reach them. Caspin prepare to neutralize any hits. Tanya, Xantar cover us with your bows. Cody and I will take the lead. Aithnea help cover us with a shield and Tom, well, Tom surprise us,” John said with a quick smile.
Kristiana and Aithnea chanted quietly while Tanya and Xantar readied their bows. Cody gave a quick smile to Tom and Tom smiled back hoping that his friend would be ok. Tanya and Xantar released their arrows at the same time and before the first arrow was half way through its flight they had both notched and let loose another. John attacked a half second ahead of Cody as they sprinted toward the four guards. Tom’s mind went blank and then filled with the fire spell he had used earlier to enchant his sword but instead of enchanting his sword Tom allowed the fire to form into a small ball in his hand. He flung the ball toward the four guards, and it split into four equal parts as it screamed past John and Cody. 
The first set of arrows struck their marks, dropping two guards before they knew what had hit them. The two remaining guards reacted without hesitation. They lifted the rifles to their shoulders and fired at the two men racing toward them. Sound exploded from the contact of the bullets against the magical shield and the shield surrounding, Cody and John wavered somewhat. Cody hesitated, but John didn’t even flinch. 
Tom's small fire balls raced toward the guards and Tom saw that the guards finally registered the first feelings of fear that they had probably ever felt in their lives. Two balls slammed into the two fallen guards, causing a small explosion of flames. The other two balls hit the remaining guards, throwing them to the ground. To Tom’s surprise and disappointment, the two guards were immediately back on their feet, and pulled their jagged swords from their sheaths. John hit them first. He swung his sword in a downward arch toward the first guard. The guard, caught off guard, could only bring his own weapon up in time to deflect the blow from a fatal hit to one that cut deeply into his shoulder. The second guard swung in toward John but Cody had moved in to engage the guard and brought his own sword up to stop the downward slash toward John’s unguarded side. The strength of the blow seemed to surprise Cody a little but, he still deflected it safely away.
Xantar and Tanya had drawn their own weapons and raced across the courtyard toward the combatants. Tom followed with his weapon held high. Close behind he could hear the others racing with him across the courtyard.
When he reached the half way point of the courtyard the doors to the palace erupted, spilling out several more of the elite guards. John brought his weapon across the guard’s chest he fought and looked up at the oncoming group of dark elves. Cody continued to engage with the other guard. Tom figured that Cody wouldn’t need any help so he turned his attention to the group that exited the palace. Several of them put their guns to their shoulders and prepared to fire. Aithnea and Kristiana chanted as the guards fired their deadly guns at close range. All but one of the bullets smashed into the same invisible barrier. The one that made it through created a long red mark across Cody’s forearm. Cody fell and Caspin pushed past Tom toward him. Caspin put his hands on Cody and prayed while John, Tanya and Xantar finished off the other two and quickly ran the short distance to the guards that had exited the building. Tom’s mind raged again as he saw Cody lying on the ground and his mind filled with fire once again. He enchanted his blade with the fire, and he could feel the heat coming off the sword as he rushed the closest guard. 
Tanya fought with her two weapons as she faced off against two of the guards. She blocked one blow from the first guard with her dagger and then with a quick movement brought her long sword across the second guard’s wrist causing him to drop his weapon. Turning her dagger in an upward motion, she thrust it to the hilt into the second guards gut, causing him to double over and fall to the ground with a groan. Unable to pull the dagger free in time Tanya left it in the guard and pulled a second from the small of her back and blocking an attack from yet another guard at the same time. 
Tom swung with his fire sword down toward one of the guards. The guard threw his sword up to block the blow that descended blazing from above. When Tom’s sword hit the guard’s, fire seemed to leap from the sword onto the guard’s hands and body. He screamed out in pain. Tom quickly took advantage of the elf’s confusion and brought the sword back across the elf’s body, cutting a small line across his armor. The leather armor caught fire for a brief moment. The elf jumped back, and another elf leaped towards Tom.
The second elf had two small blades in his hands. He feinted with one catching Tom off guard and then made a cutting motion toward Tom with the other blade. The blade sliced across Tom's right arm almost causing him to drop his weapon. Tom quickly stepped back, recognizing that he was outmatched by this elf. The elf slowly started forward and Tom’s mind raced for a way to catch the elf off balance. The elf smiled cruelly as he once again came at Tom with his weapons. 
Tom reached out with his mind toward Aithnea and connected as he desperately warded off the elf’s attacks. Aithnea’s and Tom’s mind connected and Tom's mind filled with the confidence. Once again his mind filled with the fire. He made a circular motion with his hand and fire filled the space between him and his assailant. The elf dropped back before the flames. Tom blew on the flame and a jet of fire shot from his hand toward the elf. The elf twisted away, and avoided the full brunt of the magic. 
But still he screamed in pain as fire heated the leather on his back. Tom jumped forward with his sword and plunged it into the elf’s back. The elf screamed again, fell to the ground and no longer moved. Tom's attack cleaved the final hurdle. The way was open into the palace, and Cody looked to be doing well, thanks to the faith of Caspin.  
Xantar dropped to the ground clutching his head. Through gasps of breath he said, “We must find the queen quickly. She has noticed us and will take us out one by one. She should be in the palace somewhere. We must hurry.” Tanya helped Xantar up. Still gripping his head, they headed toward the palace doors. By the time they reached the entrance Xantar could walk without help but sweat poured down his face. The group entered the palace. A huge staircase went up to a landing high above them. A shiver ran up Tom’s spine. This is exactly what I saw in my dream the other night. He looked over at his companions and saw similar recognition in their faces. Suddenly, Tom felt as if his mind had been hit with a sledgehammer and his legs buckled under him. He felt himself falling toward the ground and oblivion. The last thing he remembered was Xantar grinning broadly.


Chapter 20:

Sweat trickled down the back of Tom's neck making him shiver as a cold breeze touched him. He pushed past the pounding in his head and looked around the room. Bright light pierced his eyes, causing the pounding in his head to intensify. He held his hand to his head to keep his brain from exploding out of his skull. After a few seconds the pain subsided enough that he could open his eyes again. Light flooded in from the ceiling, cascading over the white crystal walls making the room sparkle with a splendor that Tom had never seen before. If it had not been for the pain in his head, he would have thought that he had died and gone to heaven. A white staircase stood in front of him and headed up to a clear landing fifteen feet above him. The walls were transparent enough to allow a soft glow from the outside but not enough that he could see through them. Plants grew directly from the floor and walls. Bright colored flowers hung around the room and trees grew up through the floor and towards the ceiling. 
He tried to sit up, but the pounding in his head doubled in intensity. He lay down on the cold stone floor for several minutes and forced his eyes to focus once again.After several minutes, the pounding subsided slightly and Tom sat up. He looked around the room for his companions and saw no one. Why did they leave me? He staggered to his feet and reached for the banister that ran up the staircase, steadying himself. Tom looked up the stairs to the landing above. He thought he caught a glimpse of someone darting along the balcony. He slowly ascended the stairs, putting his hand on his sword reflexively. 
When he reached the top of the stair case he saw two hallways leading away from the landing. Glancing from one to the other; he tried to decide which one to take then a shadow darted down the left hall. Is someone there or am I just seeing things? He thought as he rubbed his head, but he turned and followed the shadow. Several doors without handles lined the corridor. He pushed on some of them but none would budge. At the end of the hallway a door stood slightly ajar. Tom pushed on the door, and it opened into a large, white room. He had an overwhelming feeling of relief as he saw Aithnea and Cody. They drank from goblets and talked cheerfully with each other about simpler times. As Tom approached them they did not seem to notice him. Tom touched Aithnea softly on the arm, and she turned to him, but seemed to look through him. 
Aithnea turned back to Cody and frowned. “I thought for sure I  felt someone touch my arm.”
“Aithnea it's me,” Tom said. Why are they acting so weird? What game are they playing?
Aithnea did not turn when he spoke but said, “Anyway as I was saying, there is a beautiful field that I would love to have a picnic on tomorrow.” 
Tom touched Aithnea’s arm again and said, “Aithnea, stop playing. This isn’t funny at all.”
Once again Aithnea turned in Tom’s direction but again did not seem to see him. She rubbed her arm and started to cry softly. Cody reached out his hand and pulled her in close to him. “What’s wrong Aithnea?” he asked.
Aithnea put her head on Cody’s chest still crying. “I’m not sure. I just feel so sad all of a sudden. It feels as if an old friend has just died.” Cody held Aithnea close rubbing her back gently with his hand and whispering softly to her. Aithnea looked up at Cody and smiled. Tom’s heart jumped remembering the smile she had given to him those many mornings ago in the cabin. Cody leaned down and kissed Aithnea tenderly on the lips. Aithnea kissed him back.
Tom’s mouth dropped open in shock. Then hurt hit him hard in the chest, causing him to completely forget the pounding in his head. “Cody! Aithnea!” Tom whispered. Neither of them seemed to hear. He yelled at them. Still no response. He slowly turned away from the two and walked out of the room. Why would Cody do this to him? Why would Aithnea? How could they betray him like that?
In the hallway Tom noticed a door with a doorknob How did I miss that door? Tom walked over to the door and slowly opened it. He looked into the room and saw Caspin and Tanya. As Tom walked toward them, the door slammed shut behind him. Tom turned and tried to pry the door open, but was unable to. He turned. “Tanya, Caspin?” Tom said timidly. What if they are like Aithnea and Cody? 
Tanya pulled her weapons from her belt and stood back from Caspin who transformed into a werewolf. Caspin’s mouth dropped open into a menacing grin as he looked at her. Saliva dripped from his mouth and muscles in the creature’s arms and legs tensed preparing for the fight. Tom ran between the two, hoping that he would be able to stop the imminent battle. Caspin gave a short laugh and then lunged toward Tanya and went right through Tom. Tanya quickly brought her weapons up in a defensive stance trying to block the initial strike. Caspin swung with both clawed hands toward her body. She deflected the powerful swings but lost her balance from the force. She stepped back, regaining her stance. 
Without hesitating Caspin again swung a bloody arm toward Tanya, and hitting her in the shoulder, knocked her to the ground. Tears came to Tanya’s eyes as she tried to regain some ground. She rolled to the side, barely evading Caspin’s clawed foot as he kicked at her. She got to her knees and jumped back to her feet before Caspin could hit her again. She swung her long sword at Caspin, forcing him to step back and then charged in with her dagger. Catching him off balance, Tanya quickly took advantage and slashed with her silver long sword, cutting him across the chest. Caspin howled as the sharp blade dug deep into his chest. A thin line of blood turned his fur red around the cut. Tanya went in low and slashed at his leg. Caspin went down to one knee. 
Tom once again tried to intervene. He jumped in front of Tanya, pushing back with all his might. Tanya went in for the killing blow. A look of shock crossed her face as she went through Tom and she lost her concentration. She tripped and fell beside Caspin. Tom watched, horrified at the speed and agility Caspin displayed as he took advantage of the situation. Tanya rolled to her back to defend herself, and he leaped on top of her. He slashed her across the chest with his long sharp claws. Caspin's weight on top of Tanya made it impossible for her to defend herself. Tanya had no hope of living through the battle. A pool of blood formed around the two combatants. Tom looked down in horror as he saw recognition suddenly appear on Tanya’s face. Can she see me?  The look of recognition quickly turned to hate and contempt as she realized why she had lost the battle. The look burned itself into his mind even though it had lasted only a fraction of a second. Her eyes went blank as Caspin struck the finishing blow.
“No! What's happening? Why is this happening?” Tom screamed out. 
Caspin vanished leaving Tom to stare at the white faced Tanya lying cold and lifeless on the floor. He closed his eyes and fell to his knees next to her but the image of her face would not leave his mind. He dug his fists into his eyes hoping that somehow he would be able to forget the dreadfulness of the image. He turned away from the corpse and putting his head to the ground, sobbed. “It’s my fault she’s dead,” Tom said. 
Not wanting to get up, but knowing that he must, he slowly made his way to the door that now stood open. He walked through on legs that wobbled weakly and closed the door behind him. Looking down the hall he once again saw a door that stood partially open. Voices came from the open door, and his spirits lifted slightly. That's Kristiana and John. He had an image of the first day he'd met them and a faint smile touched his mouth. They’ll know how to end this nightmare. They can protect me. They’ve always been there for me in the past. I need them. Tom hurried to the open door and went through. Quickly, he walked toward them. When he reached them they both looked at him. Tom’s smile gained hope as he realized that they could see him. The tears also came back as relief and a feeling of safety flooded him. 
Then Kristiana pointed at him and cried, “You! It’s all your fault we’re in this mess.” Tom’s smile quickly faded as he saw the looks of disgust on both of their faces. “You’re the cause of our problems and heartache. If you hadn’t come into our lives Karman would still be here. Tanya would be alive, and we would be relaxing in the mansion with Archelaus,” Kristiana continued. 
“Tom you are not welcome here. We don’t want to see you,” John said.
Tom heard a noise behind him and he turned to see several men. They wore dark brown clothes and black cloaks, that bore the red dragon symbol. Looks of delight danced on their faces. The group walked toward him, and he turned back to Kristiana and John, pleading with his eyes. They both just smiled and turned their backs on him. Tom turned back toward the group that approached. The safety and relief he had just experienced vanished, and he hung his head limply, overwhelmed with hopelessness and defeat.
A quick motion behind the group brought Tom's eyes up. At the back of the group, one of the men dropped to the floor. The group turned and Tom saw Xantar standing behind them. “Tom, it’s not real, but if you die here you will also die in the real world,” Xantar yelled as he continued to fight the group. Tom reached for his weapons as the group started to overpower Xantar then stopped and quickly turned away not wanting to see another one of his companions die. “Tom, remember your dream, you must believe me.” 
Tom turned back, seeing that Xantar had narrowly dodged the blade of one of the red dragon clan. Tom stepped toward the men and pulled his sword from his belt. He could not stand by and let Xantar die. The feeling of hopelessness pressed in and made it hard to concentrate or want to fight, but he waded into the frey. He came to the first of the men and stabbed him in the back. The man fell to the ground. As blood spilled out of his back the ground turned red. The blood red color spread across the floor and toward his feet. 
Xantar killed another of the men with a savage strike. Another man fell, and his blood mixed with the blood already on the ground. The stain that filled the room was steadily increasing. Tom stepped back several paces and watched the blood come closer and closer. He saw that the red stain had not yet reached the door. Here was a chance to escape as Xantar continued to battle. Tom moved around behind the battle watching the blood spread toward him. Xantar had fear on his face as a deflected blade still hit him in the arm. A thin red line appeared. “Tom, I need your help. I will die if they kill me,” Xantar yelled. 
Seeing the desperation in his face Tom knew he could not leave him to die. He cleared his mind and summoned the fire. He flung flaming ball toward the closest man, and instantly he turned into a column of fire. The man dropped and rolled across the blood stained floor trying desperately to extinguish the flames. The remaining two men, viewing Tom with surprise, turned on him. Xantar caught two of them in their astonishment, disarmed one and gave the other a severe cut across his face. The last two men realized that they were outmatched and dropped their weapons in surrender. Seeing his chance to escape, Tom ran through the door. Xantar came after him as he ran down the hall. Tom looked over his shoulder and saw that the red stain spread out of the room into the hallway, covering both the floor and the ceiling. 
“Tom, wait. You must fight it, or it will consume you, and you’ll be no more,” Xantar yelled at Tom as they ran down the hall. Tom slacked his pace but the fear and sadness had overtaken him and he continued running toward the landing. He could no longer fight the fear and dread, and as he ran, he no longer wanted to feel the pain that welled up inside of him each time he thought about his friends. By the time Tom reached the landing, the lower floor had turned a dark red and the stain began to climb the stairs. He looked frantically around, and saw that down the other hallway, another set of stairs  led higher into the palace. 
Just as he turned to run to the stairs, he was knocked down to the ground. “Tom, it’s a dream. None of it’s real,” Xantar whispered. Tom tried to struggle but Xantar held him so tightly that he could not escape. He looked past Xantar and saw Aithnea coming down the hall toward them. Her walk was carefree, and as she approached Tom she smiled at him sweetly.
“Tom, do not believe Xantar. Look at him. He's one of her servants,” Aithnea said.
“Listen to me you must remember that the dark queen is able to get into your mind and will kill you if you don't fight back,” Xantar’s voice was desperate.
 Tom looked back to Aithnea, longing to have her hold him in her arms. “Tom, come with me, and I will hold you for awhile.” She said, and smiled seductively.
 He struggled under the weight of Xantar and finally pushed him off. “It’s a trick. Focus and clear your mind. Take a few moments and look at Aithnea,” Xantar said.
Tom stood. Around him the palace turned a blood red. Aithnea smiled at him. From hands and knees Xantar gazed at him in desperation. Hesitantly, Tom closed his eyes and focused as he did when he trained with Aithnea and Kristiana. As he cleared his head, images from the three rooms entered his mind. He calmly pushed them out as he searched for a place in his mind where he would be free of all the forces that pushed in on him. As the images grew dimmer and as he cleared his thoughts, he focused on a spell he had learned in the beginning of his lessons. He forced the emptiness out of his mind into the world around him causing his own energy to strengthen the bonds of the nothingness that filled his mind. 
Tom slowly opened his eyes and looked into the eyes of Aithnea. She had been crying. Aithnea slowly smiled. She pulled Tom closer and kissed him softly on the lips. Tom smiled back then looked around the room.
“How long have I been out of it?” Tom asked.
“Only a few minutes,” John answered.
“Are you feeling ok?” Cody asked.
“I am,” Tom said slowly. The image of Tanya flashed through his mind.
“Where are Tanya and Caspin?” Tom asked quickly as he looked around.
“They went ahead to scout out the palace. They're searching for the dark queen’s lair,” John responded.
Tom jumped to his feet. “We have to hurry. They’re in danger,” he said forcefully.
“Tom whatever you saw was in your head. It wasn’t real,” Xantar explained.
“No, this was different. We need to hurry.” Tom ran toward the stairs. Taking the steps two at a time he reached the top as the rest of the group ran after him. He saw the two hallways and ran down the one to the left. The hallway looked exactly the same except that the doors had handles. He ran to the end of the corridor hearing the others close behind. He opened the second to the last door and looked inside. 
 Caspin knelt in the room holding a woman in his arms. Soft, sobbing sounds filled the room. Tom felt dread. Had he really killed her? 
“What have I done?” Caspin said over and over.
Tom approached them. He circled around and knelt next to Caspin putting his hand on his head. “Caspin, what happened?” Tom asked quietly.
Caspin looked up and Tom saw a bloody wound on Caspin's face. Blood  soaked through the arms of his robe on his arms. The blood pattern appeared to be in the form of blades. How much of it was real? Not wanting to, but forcing himself, he looked down at the woman Caspin held. Relief washed over Tom as he realized that she was no one he knew. 
“Caspin, what happened?” Tom asked again. He couldn’t take his eyes off the woman.
“I… I was tricked,” was all that Caspin could say, and he started to cry once again. He held the woman closer.
John and the others came into the room and stopped just inside the door, looking at Tom and Caspin. 
Cody crossed the room. “What happened to her, Caspin?” 
“It’s not Tanya,” Tom said quietly. 
Cody looked down at the woman and sighed noticeably. “Who is it then?”
“I’m not sure,” Tom said.
Caspin slowly raised his head and looked at them. “She was a dear friend from my past life.” Tom lowered his head and rubbed Caspin’s shoulder softly. John approached them. “Caspin what happened? Tell us what happened,” John said as he knelt next to him.
“Tanya and I came up the stairs looking for whoever had entranced Tom. When we reached this room, there was a man in robes. We approached him, then suddenly another guard appeared…” Caspin faltered and was unable to continue for a few minutes. “…The man turned and left. Tanya went after him, while I stayed to fight the other guard. A rage overtook me, and I transformed into the beast. As I approached the guard he fought desperately and wounded me several times. I killed the guard, who then transformed before my eyes.” Caspin lost it again and sobbed uncontrollably. 
“Tom, Cody and Aithnea you stay here while we go find Tanya,” John said and Kristiana, Xantar and he left the room.
Caspin looked up suddenly at Tom. “How can we fight this when our loved ones are turned against us. How can we fight something that we can’t see. Something that has no body to kill?”
Tom looked down from the sad eyes of Caspin. It was hard for him to hear Caspin’s doubts. Tom already struggled with his own fears and the memories of the illusion he had recently passed through. To see Caspin without hope made his own doubts that much stronger. Caspin had always given Tom a hope of a better world. Now that Caspin had seemed to have lost his hope, Tom struggled to find the strength to continue. Caspin held the woman for moment longer and then laid her gently down on the ground. Taking off his own cloak, he slowly laid it over her. He stood. “Tom, I fear my faith has been broken. This beast that I have become is not of God but of an evil design. I don't know how to have faith any more.” Caspin seemed to plead with Tom to help him understand the pain and anguish he felt. 
Tom searched for the right words to speak to the man who had always given him wisdom. He held his gaze. There is nothing I can say to give him hope. Why can’t I give him hope?  Tom looked for several minutes until Caspin finally looked away.
“We’d best be off to help the others,” Caspin said as he turned and walked toward the door. Tom watched as the broken, bent man walked slowly out the door. He wondered if Caspin would ever be able to mend. The three followed him out, and continued down the hall toward the landing. 


Chapter 21:

When they reached the balcony, Tom heard fighting coming from down the other hallway. He pulled his sword from its scabbard then gazed thoughtfully at the blade. Will I ever be able to remove the stain of blood? He shook is head to clear the thought and  ran toward the fight. Kristiana stood at the end in front of open double doors. Tom stopped and stared at how graceful her body moved and flowed as the magic shot forth from her outstretched hands. She spun and extending her hands in one smooth motion and a ball of fire formed at her fingertips. The fireball burst from her hands and with explosive force screeched toward her enemies.  A man screamed from within the room as another ball of fire shot from her hands. 
It seemed like a dream as Tom raced past Kristiana into the room. Tanya fought in the middle of the room surrounded by opponents, while John cut a path toward her. Arrows, shot from Xantar's bow, whizzed by Tom's head toward the group of enemies. Each arrow fatally struck its mark. Cody let out a battle cry and with a burst of speed shot in to the room just behind Tom. Tanya, desperately outnumbered, struggled to fend the attackers off. Even with her skill, the numbers overwhelmed her at times, and spots of blood showed on her green armor. Cody raged at the sight of the blood and cut his way toward her. Many of the enemy, seeing the blood rage in Cody's eyes, ran to the other side of the room to setup a more defensible position. 
Tom, with an inner smile, conjured the fire into his mind and picturing Cody’s sword unleashed his energy. Cody's sword burst into flame. Fear lept into the dark elves eyes. Those who had been able to brave Cody’s first onslaught, dropped their weapons and ran. With the room cleared, Tanya put her sword down and leaned heavily on it.  Cody bounded the last few yards to her side. His sword clang to the ground as he dropped it to wrap his arm around her waist, protecting her from falling to the ground. “I thought I lost you once today. I won't ever feel that again in this life.” 
Tanya looked up at Cody and smiled. “I had things under control.”
Cody smiled. “I know.”
The room they stood in looked like a throne room. Several chairs ran along the back of the room on a raised dais. The chairs all had a white tree inscribed into their backs while the center chair had a crown encircling the white tree. 
Cody, looking at Tom, said, “That was a nice trick. I didn’t know you could project fire.”
Tom smiled. “I didn’t either until just a few minutes ago.”
John walked up to the group. “Tanya, are you well enough to go on?”
She cleaned her weapons on one of the nearby corpses. “I’m ready to go. The central chamber is through that exit and up the stairs. That’s also where the three towers connect to the palace.”
John nodded at her then looked at the rest of the group. “We need to keep moving…” he looked at the exits then said, “…they’ll be back soon.”
Xantar walked up to the group. “I’ll be going to find my brethren now. I don't think the dark queen will be able to reach us for some time. I recommend that you hurry though. It will not take her long to get through the webs that I've spun around our minds.” Xantar began to leave, then he turned and looked at Tom. “Thank you for your trust in me. We would have all been defeated if you had not.” Xantar then turned and ran through the double doors and down the hallway.
Tanya headed toward an exit at the side of the room and the others followed. They came to a circular staircase wide enough to allow two people to walk abreast. 
Tom looked up the stairs. “These stairs go on forever.”
Tanya looked down from a couple of stairs above and smiled at him. “Yea, I remember racing up them with Tiarra as a kid. We would always arrive at the top out of breath and unable to go on for some time.” She turned and took the stairs two at a time with little effort. 
Tom climbed the stairs behind Cody, beginning to breathe harder and harder as they continued higher and higher. When the group finally reached the top of the stairs he panted and leaned over resting his hands on his knees. He looked around at the others. Everyone was breathless. Tom smiled. At least I'm not the only one. Caspin reached the top of the stairs last. The look of despair was still etched in his face. Tom's heart ached as he beheld the broken man. He shook his head and looked away unable to bear his pain. 
Tom was surprised by its size of the room in which they stood panting. Three glass tunnels led out of the room in different directions, all made of the same glass that made up the rest of the building. The ceiling rose up high above them and they could see the morning sky through the clear glass. Cody whistled as he looked above them. “Wow! That’s quite the ceiling.”
“How high is the ceiling?” Tom asked as he stared at the clouds that reflected oddly off the domed ceiling.
Tanya followed his gaze. “I’m not sure. But I do know that it took many years to finish.”
John cut the conversation short and as he pointed down one of the hallways, he said, “Cody, Tom and Aithnea that’s your tunnel.” He pointed down another tunnel.  “Kristiana and I will go down that tunnel.”  He then walked to Caspin. The two of them whispered for several minutes and Tom saw that both John and Caspin had tears in their eyes as they conversed. John turned from Caspin and pointed down the third tunnel. “Tanya, you and Caspin will take that one. Remember that we must deactivate the field on all three towers or we'll have no support from the outside once the sun stone is activated. Does everyone have their codes?” John asked speaking of the tower's deactivating codes. They all nodded in the affirmative and then John and Kristiana walked away down their tunnel. Cody gave one last look at Tanya and then gestured to Tom and Aithnea to follow and they headed down their own. 
It was unnerving walking over floors of glass. Tom stepped as lightly as possible, imagining great webs of cracking glass spreading out from each footfall. After a couple of tentative steps, Tom quickened his pace as he moved farther down the corridor gradually gaining confidence in the floors ability to hold him. He looked ahead. At the tunnel stretching before them and thought, I wonder what's in store for us at the end. He looked down through the glass to tops of buildings below and flinched. Aithnea must have noticed his fear because she said, “Tom, it’s easier if you don’t look down.” And she smiled.
He smiled sheepishly. “The problem is, I’ve already looked down and now I can’t stop.”
Cody looked back at him and said, “Well, whatever it takes, you need to hurry up. At this pace I’ll be a grandpa before we reach the tower.” Tom grinned and quickened his pace. 
After walking for some time, Tom saw shapes flickering down the tunnel. The three had walked several more yards when Cody held up his hand. “Do you see someone at the end of the tunnel?” Cody whispered.
Tom squinting said, “I think so.”
Aithnea wove her hands in the dance of magic and chanted eyes closed. After a few minutes she opened her eyes. “There are four men at the end of the hall. Three of them are like the ones that we fought getting into the palace and the fourth is wearing black robes. He's unarmed.”
Almost immediately, Tom felt a tingling sensation around the edges of his mind. It felt like a finger poked at his brain, trying to find a way through a defensive barrier. He closed his eyes. “We need to hurry. The man in the robes must be a psyonicist, and he's trying to get through Xantar's defenses,” Tom said.
Cody pulled his sword from its scabbard. “Well let’s get there before he gets through.” He charged with a yell.
Tom pulled the sword and pistol from his belt and ran after Cody. Aithnea followed behind him. When they were within range, Tom squeezed the trigger on his pistol. The muzzle crack echoed through the glass hall, almost deafening him. A scream let him know that the bullet had found a mark. The wounded guard pulled his weapon from his scabbard. Blood trickled through the black armor and ran down to his hand finally dripping from his fingers. The drops of blood splattered on the glass floor causing the first stain it had seen for over a century. Tom pulled the trigger again and this time the shot went wide hitting the glass wall without even leaving a scratch. The guards charged and closed the gap before Tom could get off another clear shot. He dropped the pistol and it clattered on the glass. Tom's jaw clenched as the foreign prodding of his mind strengthened. No longer a single finger but an entire hand prodded at his brain, searching for a way through the maze that protected it. 
Cody swung his sword toward the first guard and as metal hit metal the noise clanged from glass wall to glass wall. The force of the blow knocked the guard off balance and he backed up several paces. The next guard stepped into the vacant space and engaged Cody.
The third guard stepped past Cody and struck at Tom. Tom attacked the guard, but the hand that surrounded his brain turned from a tingling to heat. He felt his brain start to warm and he struggled to focus on the guard. The guard feinted to the right and then swung left. Tom turned to avoid the blow and the sword glanced off his armor. The heat intensified in his brain just as the guard attacked again. Tom had to drop to the ground to avoid the blow, and found himself in a horrible position to fend off the next attack. The guard raised his sword above his head and started to bring it down toward Tom's back. Tom felt the heat of two magic missiles zip past him. 
The magic missiles slammed into the guard  and then he heard a thump behind him. The guard in front of him dropped to the ground a second later. Tom turned to see  Aithnea unconscious on the ground. Tom stood and turned back to the fight, trying to ignore the ever increasing heat that surrounded his mind and the sight of Aithnea lying on the ground. Tom charged past Cody and the guard he fought, toward the next guard in his way. The guard swung at him but Tom dove to the side of him and behind him, then slid on his back farther down the tunnel. The guard charged at him. He swung his sword down as Tom jumped to his feet and raised his own weapon to defend against the blow. The sword hit Tom’s sword hard. A shiver of pain shot through his arm, and he lost his grip on the sword. The guard lifted his sword for a killing blow but Tom kicked out, smashing the guards left knee.
The guard groaned in pain as his leg buckled and he fell to the ground. Jumping to his feet Tom grabbed his sword and ran the rest of the way down the hall to where the black robed man stood. He yelled as he swung his sword toward the man. The man sidestepped the blow. Tom crashed into the wall behind him. Tom suddenly felt as if a weight had been lifted and his mind cleared with the easing pain. The pain returned. He felt as if he had just gone through a boxing match with a much bigger opponent. He crumpled to the floor as he felt his brain get smashed over and over again. 
He turned onto his back and looked at the black robed man laughing above him. The man’s smile suddenly turned to a grimace and Tom saw a sword point protruding from his gut. As the sword was pulled from his gut, he seemed to fall to the ground in slow motion then he huddled on the ground. Tom saw a bloodied Cody standing above the man, a grin on his face. “Here I am to save you once again,” he panted. Tom tried to smile back but his head pounded so hard that he could barely keep his eyes open. He felt Cody next to him right before he blacked out.
Tom woke a moment later looking into the most beautiful face he had ever seen. “Tom, are you all right?” Aithnea asked.
With the pain subsiding Tom gave a weak smile. “I think I’ll live ... regrettably.”
Aithnea smiled at him and hit him softly in the shoulder. “You better. You’re the one that got us into this mess after all.”
Tom sat up and Aithnea helped him stand. “I don’t want to ever go through that again. It was like I was getting hit in the head over and over,” Tom said.
Cody patted Tom on the back. “I think when you distracted him he concentrated solely on you, which allowed me to concentrate on the guards.” 
Tom nodded and looked at the door set in the wall. “Do you think there will be more?”
Cody rubbed his shoulder. “I hope not. I don’t think I have much left in me.”
“I agree. My spells are growing weaker. It's getting harder to concentrate and form the spells in my mind,” Aithnea said.
Tom looked at Cody and then the door. “Who’s first?”
Cody stepped forward. “I’ll go first as long as you back me up with some fire.”
Tom nodded with a smile. Cody kicked the door open and jumped into the room with his sword raised. 
Tom came through next. He lowered his weapon. “It looks as if our luck has finally changed.” The room was empty. The small room had a strange panel of lights and buttons on one side. Tom walked across the room and examined the panel. “I guess we'd better get this done quickly,” he said.
Cody walked across the room and pulled a small piece of paper from his pocket. After a few minutes, he began pushing buttons. Lights, above the buttons, changed from green to red. “Well that’s that, we'd better get back.” Cody turned. Tom and Aithnea followed him back down the hall.
“I hope that the others didn’t have any problems,” Aithnea said. Grabbing hands, Tom and Aithnea jogged across the glass floored passage toward the central chamber.  Tanya and Caspin were there waiting when they arrived.
Tanya pulled the sun stone from its box and prepared to detonate it. She looked up at them and relief washed across her face. Even Caspin’s mood seemed to brighten when the three entered the chamber. Tanya smiled and said, “We were worried about you. John and Kristiana have already descended the stairs. They are waiting to hold off anyone who tries to stop us from getting down.” 
“We met up with a few guards,” Cody said as he walked toward Tanya.
Tanya finished the final preparations and pulled a mask from a pouch at her side. “It’s time. We’ll give you a good head start,” Tanya said. “Remember to keep your masks on until the light has died down.” 
Tom pulled out his mask and put it on as he headed toward the stairs.
“Caspin,” Cody said, “I’ll wait with Tanya. You can go with the others.”
“Thank you, Cody,” Caspin replied. He limped toward the stairs. 
“Caspin, you’re hurt,” Aithnea said walking over to him.
“I got hit with an arrow as we engaged the enemy. I’ll be all right.” he said hesitantly. With the help of Aithnea and Tom Caspin made the descent down the stairs to where John and Kristiana waited. Within minutes of reaching the bottom Tom could hear Cody and Tanya running down the stairs. The light that exploded around them was excruciating. Tom put his hands to his face to try and block the light that burned his eyes. Thankfully the light lasted for only a few minutes. Tom could only imagine what happened to those who were not ready for it. 
“Let’s go,” John said. Tom followed John as he ran through the double doors and down the stairs that led to the entrance. Within minutes the group ran through the courtyard and Tom nearly ran into John when he suddenly stopped. John instantly had his sword and pistol out. 
“So we meet again,” a woman’s voice said.






Chapter 22:

The color from Tom’s face drained as he saw Ahti standing between them and the exit of the courtyard. The woman was not very tall but there was something unnatural about her that frightened him and her long jet black hair mesmerized him as it flowed in the light breeze. Kristiana stepped up to John. “You’ll not find us so easy to defeat this time,” she said to Ahti. 
“There doesn’t need to be a fight. All we want is the boy,” the witch hissed. “Give him to us, and we’ll let the rest of you go.”
“Never! We will not allow you to corrupt him as you have corrupted yourself,” Kristiana said.
Tom felt Aithnea and Cody step closer to him as they tried to shield him from the danger that grew around them. Several dark elves stood next to the witch and more approached as Kristiana and Ahti talked. Immediately around the witch men from the red dragon clan glared menacingly at them and their cold weapons glinted in the sun.
“You will regret your decision, Kristiana,” the witch said. “There’s something coming that is much bigger than all of you.” The witch smiled as she spoke. 
Tom filled with dread and apprehension. He tried to imagine something more deadly and menacing than what they already faced. He pulled his weapons from his belt and cleared his mind trying to relieve some of the tension that thickened around him.
The witch’s arms moved in chaotic motions and her lips moved repetitively. The hair on Tom’s arms and back of neck began to rise as he felt the air fill with electricity. Tom’s mind reached out to Aithnea and they wove their energy together in preparation for the attack. Threads of energy filled the space between their small group and the horde of enemies that lay on the other side of the courtyard. Suddenly a ball of electricity shot from the witch’s outstretched hand slamming into the barrier of energy that Tom and Aithnea had created. 
Kristiana’s polished dance ended with a sudden burst of energy that she hurled at Ahti. Ahti dove to the side as the bolt slammed into several men standing behind her. The men fell to the ground dying instantly. The bolt went through them and continued through several more rows of men. 
Tom filled his mind with the fire that he had become accustomed to, weaving in the energy that Aithnea lent him. The flame grew in intensity within his mind and then appearing in the air in front of him. He hurled the ball at the oncoming men, engulfing them in flames. Men screamed in pain as they hysterically ran around the court yard trying to put the flames out. 
Several men fell as shots rang out from Cody’s and John’s pistols coupled with the arrows that Tanya let fly in rapid succession. Many of the men died when the lethal projectiles slammed into them. Others, though, lay on the ground clutching their wounds, trying to stop the life blood that flowed freely out of their bodies.
Tom felt Aithnea preparing a spell and he weaved his own energy into it. Tom saw Aithnea begin to move her arms gracefully through the air as she prepared. When Aithnea finished the spell Tom felt energy leave his body and shoot out toward the oncoming onslaught of men and elves. The energy split into thousands of tiny pieces peppering a large group of men. Tiny spots of blood instantly appeared on their faces and exposed skin. The men howled in pain grabbing at their faces and exposed arms, trying to remove the stingers.
The mass of men rushing them looked like a huge wave falling on the beach. Each time the wave hit, Tom felt as if a small bit of him had eroded and that soon there would be nothing left. The next wave came and Tom discharged his pistol dropping one man only to have two more appear in his place. He saw Aithnea falter slightly as she struggled to maintain another barrier that she had created to stop yet another attack by Ahti.
Caspin rushed past Tom changing from man to werewolf as he passed. Many of the men scattered as they saw the monstrous creature coming toward them. Caspin tore brutally into the men stupid enough to stay and fight him. Caspin left a path of battered men and elves as he fought his way toward the witch. Cody and John followed the path that Caspin left giving him support along the way. 
The field that Aithnea held broke as Ahti sent forth a huge ball of energy that hit Caspin square in the chest knocking him to the ground. Tom shot several magic missiles toward the witch which were deflected by her own barrier. Caspin jumped up in a frenzy as he continued to clear the path toward her. No longer using tactics but brute strength only forced his way to the woman who had destroyed his life and faith. The dark elves and men that stood to protect the witch fell back from the onslaught of the indestructible force heading toward them.
Tom’s mind went numb as Tanya and he created a physical barrier of flashing swords between Kristiana and Aithnea and the foes that pushed past Caspin’s wrath. Tom’s arms felt like lead as he continued to lift his sword, now having to use both hands to hold it. He had abandoned the pistol. The last bullet had been discharged to ward off a dark elf that had appeared out of nowhere. Tom swung down again and again, not wanting to continue but knowing that if he didn’t they would overtake Aithnea. The fire with which he had surrounded his blade, died out. His energy spent and a weakness spread through his entire body. He slipped and an elf cut a long slice down his left arm. He cried out in agony as he felt his arm turn to fire where the sword bit through his armor. He knew that it was only a matter of minutes before he would fall. Another sword hit him, but he minimized the damage by rolling out of the way. He still felt the bite of the cold steel. The man who had hit him fell at his side with an arrow in his back. Tom looked up in surprise and saw that many more elves and men began to fall from arrows that  protruded from their bodies and limbs.
The men that had surrounded him were now regrouping around the witch as many more fell. Tom jumped to his feet. Feeling lightheaded from loss of blood, he nearly fell back down. He saw that Caspin had fallen and that Cody and John had their backs to each other fighting over the top of his body. Tom stumbled toward where Tanya fought several men. She desperately swung her weapons defensively, trying to hold them back.
Tom stopped. A whooshing sound came from behind him increasing in noise and intensity. As he turned, he saw the witch standing only a few yards from where John and Cody fought over the body of Caspin. Ahti had a wide grin on her face as she looked to where the sound came from. The ground shook violently and Tom looked in horror as the palace looked like stiff jello wobbling to and fro. Suddenly a loud cracking noise came from the building and Tom saw a huge fracture descend from the middle of the palace. It slowly made its way to the base and huge slabs of the walkways that reached out to the towers broke off and fell to the ground all around them. 
Tom’s mind froze as he watched a large slab that had broken from the side of the palace. The slab fell toward Aithnea and Kristiana. The two had fallen with the shaking of ground all around them. They had no chance of getting out from under the block. Tom closed his eyes and with every ounce of energy that he had left sent it toward Aithnea. The slab slammed into the ground atop the spot where the two lay. “No,” Tom cried out as he stumbled toward the slab. He ignored the chaos and panic that rippled through the men and elves. His only concern was to make his way to Aithnea. He fell to the ground as another shock wave rippled through the battle ground, knocking full grown men around like rag dolls. Tom wiped at the steady flow of blood that now ran down his face as he struggled onward toward the pile of rubble. Crawling on all fours he at last reached the pile, bloody tears freely falling from his face. 
“Aithnea,” Tom’s voice cracked as he yelled for her. On his knees he pulled a boulder from the top of the heap sending it down the side of the pile. His fingers, scratched and bleeding, pried at yet another stone that lay on top of his friend. With shaking arms and barely able to breathe through the smoke and dust that surrounded him, he pulled at another boulder that refused to budge. He collapsed. Tom lay on top of the rubble gasping for breath, seeing nothing but death and carnage, he slowly closed his eyes. “Aithnea,” he whispered. Then everything went black. 
Chapter 23:

Am I dead? Where am I?
Tom looked around the room in which he stood, only seeing white. The white walls seemed to go on forever, and Tom could not discern where they met the ceiling or the floor other than he thought he stood on the floor. The scent of roses touched his nose and he marveled at the absolute lack of pain in his body. He looked down at his hands and clothes. No blood or grime stained them. The room appeared to be completely empty, and as Tom walked forward, he saw his feet move but he couldn't tell if he had moved at all.
As he continued to move his feet a feeling of peace enveloped him like nothing he had ever felt before. He smiled and his heart filled with hope. The ground didn't feel hard or soft but seemed to just be there, and he walked without fear of falling through. His body felt comfortable, not too hot and not too cold. A warm breeze kissed his cheek as he walked, bringing an even greater feeling of peace and comfort to his soul. He whistled a tune and strolled along the emptiness. The tune came to him from memory he had forgotten long ago. 
A man appeared off in the distance. His smile broadened as Tom neared the man. The man appeared brighter and whiter than the room he stood in. Recognition dawned and Tom quickened his pace. The man held open his arms to Tom and embraced him warmly. Anxiety crept into Tom's body as he thought about the friends and life he'd left behind. “What about my friends?” he asked.
The man looked down into Tom’s face. “They will continue,” he said.
Tom released the embrace and looked up into the man’s face. “But will they be well?” 
A scene of sorrow emanated from the man. “Tom, we all influence those around us and affect the things that happen to one another. If you were to stay and not go back, it will affect your friends.”
“But what will happen to them?” Tom asked. His heart beat faster and he felt fear creeping into his peace.
The man paused for a moment. “A storm is beginning in your land. One that is bigger than has ever touched its surface before. Your friends will be in that storm. I can not tell you how you affect that storm or what will happen to your friends in that storm.” He pulled from under his robes a glass rose and held it up for Tom to see. “To some the rose represents the ultimate sacrifice. It is a delicate flower and must be watched over if it is to show its true beauty.” He twirled the rose slowly. It became dark red and stood out against the white all around them. “The plant is nourished and pruned tirelessly to create the perfect bloom.” He stopped twirling the rose and the color faded. “The real question you need to be asking Tom is whether or not you have what it takes to be the rose?” He spoke softly.
Anxiety climaxed within Tom’s body. His mind raced and the peace that he'd felt vanished. He looked up at the man again. “I...I don’t want to hurt any more. I’m tired of hurting, I’m tired of losing loved ones. I’m tired.”
Tom slowly sank to his knees and the man placed his hand on his shoulder. “I know Tom, which is why it is you who must choose. It is given to you to make the choice of staying or going.”
A different kind of peace replaced the feeling of anxiety twisting in Tom's gut and he felt a renewal of strength come from deep inside him. He slowly raised up his head and looked into the man’s eyes. “I’m ready now.”
The man smiled, warmly raising Tom up from the ground. “Tom, remember that when we have lost all hope, and we can’t go on, those are the times we show our real worth. The road will be long and hard but I believe in you.” 
The man passed his hand across Tom’s eyes and Tom closed his eyes.










Chapter 24:

“Aaaaah,” Tom screamed.
The sudden shift from the absence of pain to absolute pain shocked Tom's system and he nearly passed out again. His face blanched, and he struggled to keep control of his mind as the agony nearly overwhelmed it. The sharp rubble felt like pin pricks and the smoke in the air burned his nostrils. His eyes watered and he struggled to breath. He closed his eyes and focused on the rose that the man had held and the new found resource of strength surfaced. He clenched his jaw and pushed himself up from the pile. The noise of the battle all around him encroached on his concentration but he forced it out and kept the rose in his mind. Blood and sweat dripped down his forehead into his eyes making it difficult to see clearly. He wiped his face, trying to remove some of the blood. 
He stepped away from Aithnea's and Kristiana's tomb and concentrated on it. Concentrating on the pile of rubble, he felt the new force well up into his gut like a furnace. It was fueled by the hope and determination that he brought with him from the white room and gave him the strength to withstand the chaos that swirled all around him. Tom raised his hands and the rocks slowly followed suite. Tom moved the pile away from the two forms lying beneath it. 
“Aithnea,” Tom said softly.
Aithnea and Kristiana were both lying still on the ground. When Tom reached Aithnea’s side he gasped in shock and relief. There were no signs that she had been smashed by the pile of rocks and rubble. Her chest rose slowly as she breathed in and out. Tom knelt down next to her, touching her softly on the shoulder then shook her gently.
“Tom, are you ok?” Cody asked. 
Tom turned and saw that John and Cody carried Caspin, once again in his human form, between them. 
“I’m fine,” Tom said quietly as he turned back to Aithnea.
“Tom do you know where…” John started.
John rushed to Tom and touched Kristiana's neck as he checked for a pulse. “They’re still alive,” he said.
“Yes they are,” Tom said.
“We really need to be going now,” Tanya said as she ran up to the group. 
“Kristiana and Aithnea are down,” Cody said.
John looked at Tom. “What happened?” 
Tom grabbed Aithnea’s hand and held it tight. “I don’t know what happened. The building fell on them and I forced energy toward them hoping to block it. Then I... I moved the pile of rubble off and this is how I found them.” 
John picked Kristiana up gently and held her in his arms. Tom lovingly picked Aithnea up into his arms and held her close. I can’t lose you. I came back for you.
John turned to Cody and Tanya, “Can you two manage Caspin?”
Cody had already begun lifting the big man and Tanya stepped into help. “I think we can,” Cody said.
Tom looked around at the courtyard and saw the bodies of men and elves that lay unceremoniously across the ground. His body numbed from the horror that he saw as dark and light elves mixed with each other in heaps. There bodies broken and cut, drained of the life energy that they once housed. “What happened?” he asked as he looked away not wanting to remember the image.
John looked around quickly then back to Tom. “There was some sort of explosion.... somewhere. I’m not quite sure what happened. We were surrounded, and then the explosion, and then there was chaos everywhere. Cody, Tanya and I cleared the courtyard easily.” John looked around the courtyard. 
“I don’t think that they’ll stay away for long though. We should go to the library to see if it is still standing,” Tanya said. “We need to be going.”
John carrying Kristiana, started walking, picking his way through the fallen debris and the bodies that were strewn across the courtyard. Tom started after him, grunting slightly from the weight of Aithnea and the fatigue that cumbered his body. Tanya led the way through the streets toward the library, avoiding the pockets of fighting that still continued. 
Tanya stopped and reached for her sword as another group of light elves fought a group of both dark and light elves. “I’m not sure who we’re fighting any more. It’s as if they have all been bewitched and they don’t care who they kill,” she said sorrowfully.
Cody put his hand on her shoulder. “I’m sorry Tanya. I wish that we could help them somehow.”
Tanya watched another elf fall and looked away. “I... I don’t understand what has happened…” Tanya brushed tears away, “… My mother must be dead.” 
Cody squeezed her shoulder. “We’ll find out what has happened and correct this.”
Tanya looked at Cody and gave him a weak smile. “Thank you. That would mean a lot to me. I thank you all for your companionship. I have felt so alone for so long and now I feel as if I have a family once again.” Tanya held their gazes for a short moment and then clenched her jaw and turned away. Seeing that the path had cleared, she continued across a street to a large building. The building had taken some damage from the quake but still appeared to be safe enough to enter. Tanya hurried up the stairs to the building. “It’s still standing. This is the library of the white tree. I hope that we find the answers that you are seeking here.”
The companions hurried into the building, stepping over debris that had fallen from upper stories and the ceiling. Tom’s jaw went slack as he looked at all of the books. Books were strewn across the floor where many of the free standing shelves had fallen to the ground. It looked as if a giant tornado had ripped through the building, destroying much of the furniture and the books. Aithnea murmured slightly and Tom looked down at her. His cracked lips hurt as he smiled at her.
Tanya continued to lead the group through the building until they reached a small, closed door. “This is where all of the oldest and most sacred books are kept,” she said pointing at the door. “I’m not sure how we’ll get through though. It’s locked with great magic and can only be opened by the Guiding Mother.” Her voice faltered when mentioning her mother.
John turned and looked at Tom. “Is there anything you can do?”
Tom gently sat Aithnea on the ground and leaned her back against the wall. She’s so beautiful. “I can’t do this on my own, Aithnea,” he whispered just loud enough for her ears only. She was still. He lowered his head feeling the overwhelming pressure and strain of responsibility. 
An image made its way into his mind as he knelt next to her. He was back at the cabin where the morning rays first pushed back the darkness. Aithnea was there, enveloped within his embrace. He could feel her warm breath on his chest and her hair tickling his nose. He smiled realizing where his true strength lay. He stood and walked toward the small door and visualized a single red rose. He put his hand out toward the door and it glowed softly. The door slowly swung open and a rush of air swept past the companions. Tom’s jaw dropped in surprise as he looked into the room. At the head of a table sat an old man with long white hair. He wore simple black robes. Around his neck hung a necklace with a red rose attached to it. The man smiled as he looked back at Tom.


		








Epilogue:

As the tears rolled down the cheeks of the old man, the sun started to set, its protecting light slowly fading off his leathery skin. He crawled on all fours from the house. His strength ebbed, and he could barely hold himself up. As he listened to the raspy breath that escaped his own lips, he thought of who he had become. This can’t be the end he thought, as he wiped the tears and blood from his face. He fell, too weak to go on. His face drained of color from the loss of blood. “This can’t be the end,” he gasped.
As the last of the protective rays of sun retreated behind the hills, a young looking man stepped out of the doorway. The dim light that remained reflected off the dark blood that he slowly licked from his lips. The old man, barely breathing, fell the remainder of the way to the ground in a heap. He looked at the fading light of the sun and then saw a streak of white race across the sky. He smiled. “Pharos,” the man gasped.
Pharos bent down closer to the man wiping the remainder of the blood from his mouth. “Yes, old man?” he said dryly.
Lifting his head slightly the old man said, “You’re too late. The process has already begun.”
Pharos’s smile faded as he stared at the limp lifeless body of the old man. Turning he looked into the dark doorway. “Alerio, you must act quickly before it’s too late.” 
About The Author

	Joshua Hoyt is currently working as a School Psychologist in Arizona. He has four children and has been married for 14 years. He has a Masters in Counseling and an ED. S. in School Psychology. Josh enjoys gaming, camping, gardening, salt water fish, writing and most of all spending time with his family. 
	
If you have enjoyed reading and found Order of the Rose: The Forsaken Petal to be enjoyable to read please leave a review on Amazon.com by clicking here. One or two lines goes a long way in helping out. 


Other Books By The Author:

Order of the Rose Trilogy:
Forsaken Petal
Black Petal
    White Petal (Release date TBD)

How to Diagnose Your Character: 
Using Psychology to Create an In-Depth Character

If you want to be the first to hear about new releases by Joshua sign up here. 


Excerpt from Order of the Rose: Black Petal (Book 2)

…Horses could be heard behind them as they approached the half completed bridge. Terron rode out onto the bridge with Nadine close behind. They dismounted at the edge and Terron stood with his legs shoulder width apart and his knees bent. He stomped his right foot and then his left while he held his fists on his waist. His stance appeared like that of a wrestler right before a match. 
Nadine also dismounted and turned toward the oncoming horseman. She pulled a bow from her saddle and notched an arrow. She took a deep breath and pulled the string back. She took another deep breath, aimed, and then loosed the arrow. With one fluid motion she had notched another arrow and released the second before the first hit the lead horse. The horse went down hard. Several other horses went down as they stumbled over the first. A man screamed as he flew off the bridge to the water below. The second arrow lodged deep into another man who went down instantly. 
She released two more arrows and another rider dropped. A fifth arrow hit an unseen barrier, quickly going up in flames. “They have someone from the order, much more powerful than the last one we encountered.” Terron paid no heed to the warning other than another stomp of his feet. Nadine glanced over her shoulder and gasped. A huge bridge of rock formed from the other bank and headed toward them. Based on the rate of the bridge’s growth, Nadine estimated, it would take another two minutes before it closed the gap between the bank and the half built bridge. She turned back toward the men who approached more cautiously after losing several of their members.
She pulled back her bow again and loosed another arrow. Like the other arrow it hit a barrier and burst into flames. She replaced the bow in her saddle and pulled her sword out. She closed her eyes and held the hilt with one hand, the other she placed on the flat of the sword. Father, I need only a little. Terron grunted from behind her and she pulled from her father just as they had practiced for so many years. Her hand grew cold on the sword and within seconds the icy blade glowed blue.
The first man lunged at her and she swung her blade out in an arc. The blue blade left a trail of ice as it cut through the air. The man’s breath came out in white puffs. The blade connected with the man’s buckler, and it turned to ice instantly. He screamed out in pain and threw the buckler from his arm, and in that moment Nadine’s sword came back cutting the man across his chest. The man’s armor stiffened and the man screamed out again.
Two more men were within reach. One swung his sword high aiming for Nadine’s head she ducked and rolled to the left narrowly avoiding the second man’s axe as it pounded into the wood bridge where her torso had been moments before. She rolled to her feet and brought the icy blade up. The blade caught the man at his thigh. He went down with a howl. The man with the sword swung down before she could bring her sword around and caught her on the shoulder. She rolled to the ground to avoid the brunt of the attack.
Nadine reversed her roll toward the man. She pulled a dagger from her belt and thrust it up into the man’s calf then she smashed her foot into his knee with a sickening crack. The man’s eyes raged and he swung down with his gauntleted hand which he smashed into the side of her head. The world swam and Nadine fought to remain conscious. The man screamed above her as a rock hit him in the chest. As he fell he wrenched the dagger out of Nadine’s hand. Several more men were almost upon them when they stopped and jumped back. A large boulder sat where they had stood.
Nadine got to her knees still trying to shake the pain away and stop the world from turning. Another scream. She got one foot under and then used her sword to push herself up. There were still too many. 
Terron waved his hand in front of him in an arc, sending tiny pebbles out from his hand along with a bead of sweat from his forehead. The pebbles landed several feet in front of Nadine, a wall of stone burst up, which impeded the men’s approach. “We don’t have much time,” Terron gasped. He went to one knee his staff gripped tightly with both hands to hold himself up.
Boom. The wall shuddered. Nadine staggered over to Terron and pulled on his arm. Then both of them struggled to the horses and pulled themselves on. The wall shuddered again. “Hit it again,” someone shouted behind the wall….

Click here to purchase Order of The Rose: Black Petal 




