












The Survivor Diaries Series on Amazon
Monte Vista Village
The Beginning at the End of the World
Moving Mountains
Frozen Webs




Lynn Lamb
_________________

Monte Vista Village
Book I of the Survivor Diaries Series





Dust Jacket Summary
Imagine: The apocalypse— would you survive?

I’m Laura, and I survived global nuclear war. When I walked out into the devastated landscape, I didn’t find zombies, witches or vampires— what I found was infinitely worse; it was real.

Is this our reckoning?

Our tormentor is no longer the enemy; it is what’s left of the desperate earth. My neighbors are starving and sick from the biochemicals in the air. Our food, water and meds are running low. Our only hope is to come together to stay alive.

Who will lead us to salvation?

Certainly not me. Why would it be me?

The Army Colonel is driving me nuts. Something is just not right there. He should be the leader of the Village, not me.

Can my story have a happily ever after? Can it have any kind of ever after?





Copyright ©2014 Lynn Lamb Press
Second Edition, First Published in 2013
All rights reserved. 

No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law. You must not circulate this book in any format.

This book is a work of fiction. Any similarity between the characters and situations within its pages and places or persons, living or dead, is unintentional and co-incidental.

This book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
www.lynnlamb.com 





This book is lovingly dedicated to my family, the best bunch of characters I know.


Seven Deadly Sins
Wealth without work
Pleasure without conscience
Science without humanity
Knowledge without character
Politics without principle
Commerce without morality
Worship without sacrifice
― Mahatma Gandhi

“It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.”
- Albert Einstein.

“When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.
–Jimi Hendrix

Table of Contents
Dust Jacket Summary	3
Part I: Toxic Soup	8
A Letter to Brianna and Amanda Taped to Our Front Door	9
July 13	12
July 14	15
July 15	24
July 15	26
A few days later	29
A Half of a Day Later, Maybe	35
HIDDEN BUTTON GIVEAWAY	46
July 20	47
July 21	62
July 22	70
July 23	78
July 25	89
July 25	92
July 26	93
August 8	98
Part II: Surviving the Outside	99
August 9	100
August 10	112
August 11 	127
August 21	143
August 22	154
August 23	161
August 24	163
August 25	165
August 26	174
August 28	181
August 29	192
Part III: In Our Defense Against Man and Nature	199
October 10	200
October 11	203
October 15	204
October 16	208
October 19	213
October 20	221
Final Notes	238
Acknowledgements	242












Part I: Toxic Soup

A Letter to Brianna and Amanda Taped to Our Front Door

Dear Bri and Ammie,
I am completely despondent that our call a few hours ago got cut off. What if it was the last time I ever hear your voices? I didn’t even get to tell you how much you both mean to me and that I have loved you both like my own daughters ever since the moment you were born onto this earth.
I have been trying to get a hold of you again since we got disconnected, but I keep getting either the busy signal or a message that the lines are experiencing a “higher than usual caller volume” and to please try my call again later. But here is the thing; I don’t know if there is going to be a later.
If you are actually reading this, it means you made it through the bombs, missiles, and chemicals, and have traveled 690 miles, all the way to Monterey. I know that if it’s possible, you two will find a way here to read this letter. I am glad we got to at least discuss you making your way here before the lines went dead. Gosh, right now that word “dead” is my greatest fear, not just for our family, but for the planet. How did it come to this?
My generation was supposed to be leaving everything better than the last. We ended the Cold War, but after 9/11 we jumped too quickly into two more decade long wars out of fear and anger. And now, we have this.
What started this? We have been greedy and have had no idea how to live within our means. When the economy tanked, we were supposed to soldier through it. But we couldn’t live without the big screens, keyboards and monitors that took the place of plain human interactions. We were more eager to upload a photo of our dinner from our iPhones than to invite each other over for a real meal, sans electronics.
Right now, I would give everything I own for just five minutes with the two of you. Now that we are on the eve of probable human extinction, I am not regretting not being able to afford the latest gadget. No, I regret not being able to give you one last hug, one more kiss on the forehead.
I am not really even sure why I am writing this. Maybe there is a chance that you made it up here. But what are you going to find?
How did it get this far? Humans are supposed to have an instinct for survival, at almost any cost. Between China not forgiving us our debts, and the Middle East terrorists and their allies, maybe it was inevitable. Funny, it doesn’t even really matter right now.
Your grandmother, uncle and I have been scrambling since New York and D.C. fell to get things together in case, by a complete miracle, we survive what is coming. My rational mind knows that this is highly unlikely, but it is giving us something to do besides panic. Don’t get me wrong, we have panicked. In fact, we have gone through all the stages of grief, several times, and now we are getting things done as if we are in some kind of daze, mere zombies. Maybe some of the things we have gathered and accomplished will fall into your hands. That is probably the most I can hope for right now.
Our cable went out a couple of days ago, but we don’t need it. We have the radio, and our imaginations are good enough to build a picture of what is taking place.
We have no more government, can you believe that? I can’t. What is to stop anyone from breaking the laws, taking what they want, murdering for what they can’t just grab? In fact, that is already happening, isn’t it? The radio said that the rioting is out of control in just about all of the major cities left standing. Can anyone tell me exactly why you need a big screen TV when there is no signal? And we know that sometime soon there will be no electricity, either.
Am I rambling? Maybe, but I am afraid that the minute I stop writing this letter it means that I will never get to see you again, and I am just not ready for it. So, I guess it’s not hurting anything to spill out all of my thoughts right now.
Here’s a thought. My memories of the events of 9/11 are seared into my brain. And not just the images of the Twin Towers being hit by the huge passenger planes that became make shift missiles, either. One of my clearest memories of the day is of my strong but small nieces making their way from the bus on their own. You were in the first and third grades, and the lady who ran your day care was supposed to pick you up like she did every day when you got off the bus. But that day, the one where fear and sadness gripped everyone in the Country, she wasn’t there. Later we found out that on that day her husband left her. Instead of following through with her obligation to keep her young charges safe, she simply didn’t bother to go and get you; she was so wrapped up in her own grief. Amanda, although you were so little, you grabbed your sister by the arm and led her to your house. There, you climbed in the window, and made sure that everything was locked up before you made yourselves a snack and started your homework. After that day, I knew that the two of you would always stick together and make it through, come what may.
Today, I am hoping, praying – even though that’s not something I usually do – that you will take each other by the hand and make your way up here, with your dad in tow. If anyone can, it’s my two capable, intelligent and courageous nieces. You are both warriors.
I know that Bri was called to duty today by the National Guard, and that she will uphold her solemn oath, whatever that may be, but I am wondering if this is too big for even the US Army to hold together. Maybe Bri will get to stay with the family and lead you all here, to Monterey. Am I just making up happily-ever-after stories to get myself through this? Probably.
I just read this letter over, to see if I have said everything I need to say to you both, and I am sobbing. I am inconsolable, and that has brought your uncle to tears. So I now say to myself, “Stop it, Laura. If Bri and Ammie are that strong, you must be at least as strong yourself, for your family.”
One last thing… if you have found this letter, it means that you are ten times the amazing young women I have always believed you to be. Go out and live, Bri and Ammie. Find strength and happiness in knowing that your family loved you until our last breaths.
It has been a true honor to be your aunt. I love you more than words will ever say.
Sincerely and eternally,
Your Aunt Laura

July 13
How crazy is it to be starting a diary on the day that you are certain will be your last? I haven’t written in a diary since I was a child, when I started every entry with “Dear Diary,” as if the totally inanimate “Norman Rockwell” diary containing blank pages (and a little gold lock and key) could actually hear me, and was a “Dear” friend. But that was the way I believed you were supposed to write in a diary. I guess getting such a late start on writing my thoughts is how I roll, how I have always rolled; a day late, and a dollar short. But writing to the girls was cathartic, as much as it could be, considering the circumstances. So, I will just keep my pen moving until I feel a little better or until I see that white flash of light we are all expecting any second. Here goes:
 “Dear Diary,”
I was supposed to be so much more in life than I am now. At least, that’s what my upbringing would suggest. I went to a top private girl’s school and have a college degree in film. Why I never found my professional footing I will never know. I have had some success in life. I was in corporate video when I met my husband. I was so much older than I expected I would be by the time that all came about. Did I just waste what was supposed to be the first half of my life? When I finally did go off and start my career, I did well. But my work wasn’t going to change the world like I had always thought it would. I was supposed to make the documentary that won awards and inspired people to think and behave in ways that would change things. That was always my dream. Maybe, if I had been more motivated…
Not that I think this whole thing is my fault. No, I think everyone who always thought they would start to make a difference TOMORROW is at fault for this. We own it, folks. All of us who thought that being politically correct on social media was all we needed to do. Just clicking on computer links that said that our government needed to come together, to stop the “partisan bickering,” was never enough to change one damn thing. It only pacified us into believing we were helping.  How stupid I was to believe that was all I needed to do to make the world safer. How stupid we all were.
The only good thing I ever did on social media was to say an emotional good-bye to all of the 625 “friends” I had. Funny thing, I didn’t even know most of those people in person. They were only photos of happy people, going about their lives, uploading photos of their dinners and family vacations. But I never really knew them. And now, I never will.
The internet went completely down yesterday, although it had been crashing down around us, bit by bit, since it happened; the East Coast Armageddon I mean. My husband, Makram Balous, he goes by Mark, told me to stop worrying so much. He always thinks I worry too much.
“Just stop, then,” he said, exhausted at my constant afflicted chatter about the subject.
“How long are we supposed to believe that this is going to be contained on the East Coast?” I replied, angrily. Things were starting to get real up in here. Mark always hated drama, even the real kind, but I just couldn’t pretend anymore.
“We are in real trouble, and we need to start really preparing, in case we do make it. And I don’t mean just buying emergency goods,” I said vehemently.
For the last year, we have been staying in my mother’s large home due to our lack of funds and terrible luck during the employment crisis. The strain of our money problems, coupled with the gradual decline in the relationship between my husband and mother, were bringing us to a boiling point. In a way, our marriage mirrored the government’s breakdown. The longer we had no money, the harder it was to hold together our relationship. We had periods of our own “shut downs,” so to speak. And the more behind in our bills we got, and with the debt piling up, we too were about to blow up, just not as literally as it has been happening in America.
We still had television just after the first hits in the East, and we saw the devastation play out there in the news. The images of the mushroom shaped clouds were indisputable. We have endured a nuclear attack. The President, who has been taken to an undisclosed location, as one would suspect would happen in an event such as this, delivered what he has called his “last public speech, indefinitely.” He went on to say that we need to rely on our local governments, and that we need to be prepared for the “inevitability of further attacks throughout the entire country,” but our local government has said very little. They alluded to the possibility of martial law but have not given any type of instructions as to what we should do. I think we are on our own.
Since the President’s address, we have seen DC, Pennsylvania and New York succumb to what our leader has called the “inevitable.” We know that the Midwest, as far west as Ohio, has also been under attack. Rumor has it that they have endured unprecedented biochemical warfare. We have only been told that the perpetrators of these crimes against humanity are an “alliance of U.S. enemies.” I wonder if it matters anymore who fired the first shot.
Logic dictates that the entire country will soon be hit. The government has been quiet about what we are doing in return; only that we have “all the troops possible deployed on foreign land at this time.” I wonder who is left to protect us on our own soil now.
I have to find a way to keep it together until we either come to the point of survival of the fittest, or die. I am not sure which I would prefer.
It’s now almost one o’clock in the morning, and I am so tired. I feel like if I go to sleep, I will miss the last moments of my time here on earth. Perhaps that’s for the best.
Good night, Dear Diary… may we meet again tomorrow.

July 14
When I woke up today, there was no electricity. We knew that if we made it much longer, it would be gone soon.
Annie, my mother, started to fuss about the food in the refrigerator, which made pragmatist Mark livid, but I actually agreed with her. We needed to start to deal with our reality, day by day and minute by minute.
“Honey,” I said. “We have to do something with the food. We can’t afford to waste even a mouthful.”
“Fine, let’s do it. Bring me all meat items, and I will fire up the grill. Maybe I can dry it into jerky somehow.”
I took a deep, grateful breath. He was actually getting onboard. At least, I hoped so. I did hear a grumble, though.  “Man, you two,” he said under his breath. “First it’s ‘buy up everything in the store,’ and now it’s, ‘let’s become ’Doomsday Preppers,’ like on television. Maybe you will get your own reality show.”
I blew off the comment because he was actually starting to help.
By the way, I don’t want to make my husband out as some kind of jerk. Most of the time he is just the opposite, actually. He just doesn’t do that well at planning in general, especially not for the end of the world. I have always been the unofficial “prepper” in the family. With my emergency box of band aids and ointment, seed vault and hand cranked NOAA Radio and charger-in-one, I am the self-appointed disaster readiness professional of our household. If I had only known it would come to this, I would have been way better at my job. Something tells me that we are not even close to being prepared for what is to come.
Mark has actually been helpful getting some things ready, despite his superstition about planning too much. Somehow, he believes that me being prepared is the reason we might be in the path of global destruction. I don’t see how that could be true.
I needed to get out of the house while my husband focused on his grilling. I hadn’t really been going out very much for the last couple of days. I just expected, and wanted, to die in my own home with my family, if it was going to happen any time soon. I didn’t want to be caught at the grocery store when it happened. That’s too unceremonious of a way to go. But at the moment, I felt the need to get out and walk for a while.
For the last few days, I have been thinking about getting to know our neighbors. I had always thought it sad that Annie, my mother, (yes, my brother, Jake, and I often call my mother by her first name) had lived here, in the same house, for nearly three decades and barely knew any of our neighbors. My need to meet them wasn’t exactly altruistic. I thought it best to begin to compile a list of information about those people closest to us: what they did for a living, how old they were, and how willing they seemed to come together as a community, if it came to that. I wanted to start a list of assets, so to speak. Did they own generators; have they been stockpiling food and water? Whatever they were willing to disclose, I wanted to know.
I reached for my tablet when it dawned on me that it wouldn’t be helpful in the long run to use anything that required electricity. Instead, I found a clipboard, some paper and a pen, and I set off about my task, not knowing what to expect.
In our defense, none of our neighbors ever seemed to talk to each other, either. We had a bit of an ongoing feud with the people to the right of us. They left the dogs out, howling until the wee hours of the night, all of the time, and we were known to yell at the little yappers over the fence when it got to be too much. You know, just typical neighbor stuff. The idealistic, close-knit neighborhood, with block parties and long chats in the front yard, we were not. Even just after we moved here when I was a child in the 1980’s, we never trick-or-treated, nor have we ever had any children come to our door and demand candy or reap the tricks that might befall us if we did not deliver the goods. We never had any sense of community whatsoever. Hopefully, my walk from house to house today would have an impact.
I put the leash on Hershey, our sweet and handsome chocolate Labrador retriever, and started off towards the house next door on the left. Sadly, we had never spoken more than a hello to those people. If I recalled, they were a couple with a quiet, small, white dog. We have never seen much activity from them, and assumed that they owned other homes where they spent most of their time.
I walked down their long set of stairs that matched our own. Like ours, many of the homes in our neighborhood sat on stilts on the hillside. We all used to have beautiful views of the bay until the trees in our forests grew so tall that we could only see the clear, blue ocean from the street above our homes.
I took a deep breath, and actually felt that old shyness well up from my childhood as I knocked on the first door. Nothing. I tried the bell, forgetting that we had no electricity. Finally, I knocked one more time, not sure if they were afraid to come to the door with everything going on, or they were just not home.
I left and tried the next house. Same problem. I guessed that I would be encountering this quite a lot, and I was right.
Three houses down, I walked down the ramp, and I finally found someone willing to open the door. I actually knew these neighbors. Well, at least we had had conversations on the street while walking the dog.  I had almost forgotten their last names because we always just called them “The Architects.” The Richmond’s are both architects, and Jill opened the door wide and gave me a hug so hard I could barely breathe.
“Thank God you came,” Jill exclaimed. I was confused. Had she been waiting for me?
“Hi, Jill,” I just barely breathed out under her tight embrace. Hershey jumped up, excited for the group hug.
“Let her go,” exclaimed Joseph, as he rolled to the door in his wheelchair. “Come in, come in.”
“Hershey, down boy,” I commanded.
Jill must be in her sixties. She is of sturdy build, with long grey hair and glasses. Joseph is about the same age, and if I recall, he has been in the wheelchair for around ten years. I am not sure what put him there, but I would never come out and ask. I was raised with manners. Truth is, it didn’t really matter.
I had never been inside their house before. There was a giant, floor to ceiling, bay window overlooking the whole bay. The trees had yet to obscure their view. I would be jealous if I hadn’t believed that none of us would be around to enjoy it soon enough. In fact, this house would probably come crashing down when the bombs hit, along with ours.
Jill had been inside our house several times asking to look in our yard for her lost cat. Every day for a month she would put up flyers and search the neighborhood for her beloved sixteen year old cat. She was a very driven woman. Sadly, she never did find Bunny, the cat.
“I was thinking about coming to see you and your mother. How are you guys doing? We are a mess. I can’t reach my daughter in North Carolina. She must be so scared.” It was like she had been keeping in all of her fear, and with the sight of me she opened up the avalanche of worries she had built up and finally let it all out.
“Stop, Woman. Let the girl tell us what she came here for. Please,” Joseph scolded.
“You’re right,” she said. “Come and have a seat.”
“Thanks,” I said, taking the proffered seat. Hershey came and settled in at my feet. I pet him as I spoke. I think petting him was a way of keeping myself calm. “Actually, I just went to the two houses between us, but no one answered. I’m glad you did. I was getting ready to give up.”
“Well,” said Jill. “I know that the Kaufman’s are at their home in Chicago. He’s a pilot, as you know.” I actually didn’t know that, but embarrassed, I just nodded my head and she proceeded. “I heard Chicago was wiped off the map, so I guess they won’t be coming back. Too bad, really. They are – were – such nice people.”
She stopped, and I could read the sadness on her face. She was thinking of her daughter, I was sure of it. I reached out and patiently placed a hand on top of her hands. A tear slid down her face.
“Anna and Stan are at home,” she went on to tell me about the other neighbor. “I think Anna is in a bad emotional state. That’s probably why they didn’t answer.”
“I thought that might be the case. They don’t know me from Adam, so I completely understand.” And I did. I’m not sure that I would have opened the door to a stranger right now, either. I continued, “I thought it might be a good idea to take down some information about our neighbors, in case, you know…” I trailed off.
Understandingly, Jill nodded her head, but Joseph took over. “What kind of information are you looking for?” He looked at me with a distrusting grimace.
“Joe,” Jill proclaimed. “Stop it.”
I went on, trying to sound matter-of-fact. “Well, things like, what you do for a living, what you might need in the upcoming days, what you might be willing to give to those who might be in need, that sort of thing.”
“Ah, huh. That’s exactly what I thought,” he said, as he raised a finger. “Can’t you see I am in this wheelchair? What do you think I can do for you?”
Before Jill had a chance to admonish him, I started to defend myself. “Like I said, I thought I could get a chance to find out what you might...”
He interrupted, “Sure you are.”
Jill stood up and looked him in the eye. “Shut up, Joe, this instance. This thoughtful lady came here to help, and all you are doing is yelling.”
Jill turned from her husband and continued. “Laura, why don’t I go around with you and see if I can help, too. This is really a great idea. We need to come together more than ever now.”
Jill grabbed her sweater, and blasted a dirty look at her husband who now bowed his head. I wasn’t sure if it was shame or just worry that he had angered his wife, but he turned and rolled away.
I was glad she put an end to the conversation. My heart was beating hard. I have always cowered at confrontation.
We walked up the ramp to the street, and Jill gestured at the bench in front of the house. “Now, let’s try again. What types of questions are you going to ask?
“Like I said, I thought first to ask about occupations, or maybe even hobbies people might have.”
“As you know, we are both architects. We built this very house.”
I looked at it admiringly and smiled. I continued, “Also, what types of things would you be willing to contribute to a community pool. I thought that, if enough of us survive,” I paused, waiting to see how she reacted. She nodded her head for me to go on. She knew the truth. I continued, “We could bring our resources together, at least at first.”
For the second time today, this woman who I barely knew pulled me into to a heartfelt hug. This time I submitted, with relief. I knew that we were no longer going to be strangers after today. It was a reassuring feeling.
We spoke for the next half hour. She threw out ideas and we brainstormed together. With the morning almost gone, I invited her to dinner tonight. I apologized that we had no way to get Joseph down the stairs to my house. “No bother. He has been in such a mood, since…” she stopped as if lost in thought.
It hadn’t occurred to me that Joseph’s surly attitude might be connected to his concern over his daughter. I felt badly for my first impression of him earlier. I couldn’t abandon my compassion for others at this time, either.
“I will see you tonight, and tomorrow we will hopefully have enough of a plan to continue with this neighborhood poll,” said Jill as we parted.
I walked Hershey down the street with the first real smile I have had since we heard about the attacks.
~~~
When I got home, I told Annie and Mark that I invited Jill to dinner.
“Don’t you think that we should be saving as much of our food as we can and not be giving it out to strangers?” Annie asked.
Mark’s expression immediately turned to anger. Having been raised in Africa, one of sixteen children and the son of a road side fruit vendor, he had been taught to give, no matter how little one had. He turned and began hammering the wood we had purchased during one of our supply trips onto the window frame, but I could practically feel the heat of the steam coming from his ears.
After the last week and a half of this ordeal, minus the past couple of days, we had begun to ready ourselves for whatever might come our way.  Since the first day the attacks began, as a matter of fact. There have been several types of attacks, so we were not sure what to be ready for.
Okay, now it’s time to confess. I am an apocalypse book junkie. I have read every free e-book out there. From novel to survival guide, if it was free, I downloaded. Even with this in mind, and my small emergency stash, I had not readied us nearly enough.
This made me think of Bri and Ammie. Are they ready, do they have enough food and water? Will they have enough gas to make it here to their childhood home?
I need to stop writing for a minute. My tears are rolling so hard that I can’t see, and I am making my pages soggy.
Okay, I am better now.
Since there were reports of nuclear attacks in big cities, and chemical and missile attacks in the Midwest, we bought enough wood to cover our windows. Annie’s house is so big we had to rent a truck, the kind you use to move residences with, and as much wood, and of course, supplies, as we thought would be adequate. That, we reasoned, would cover the windows in case blasts sent glass flying everywhere. It would also keep the light from the lanterns in, so anyone outside looking for possible supplies would be unable to see inside.
But I still didn’t believe it would help enough to keep out radiation or biological chemical agents. So, we purchased as many rolls of tarp and duct tape as the store would allow. There were no official store rationings in the beginning. I knew that most shops had placed a limit on what you could purchase just a couple of days ago.
With information from the internet (when it was still up) we were buying things I never really thought about, like potassium iodide pills for low levels of radiation. Although I have read all of those apocalyptic books, I guess I just looked at it as an interesting subject; a hobby. I never thought about it seriously enough. Why would anyone engage in a World War? It doesn’t make sense. It would certainly mean that there would be almost no one left. I still don’t feel like it is actually happening.  At some moments I am so scared, and at others I am light headed with adrenaline. When will I wake from this? At night, I go to sleep thinking that I might not ever wake again.
Look at the time. Jill will be here any minute now. Company is company, and I can’t be rude by not being ready.
~~~
Jill just left. Mark is walking her home now because it is so late. I am not worried about the curfew the city government enacted yesterday in anticipation of problems like those they are having back east. I have not seen or heard one police or military vehicle go through our neighborhood. It’s as if all officials have simply vanished.
When Jill arrived earlier she hugged Annie like she did when I came to her door. Even though she had never met him, she did the same with Mark. As always, my husband was very understanding and let her take what she needed from him.
We ate outside. It was Mark’s “experimental,” dehydrated meat, and if this is what we have to look forward to meal wise, we are in big trouble. It was so dry it took minutes chewing and breaking the meat down with saliva before we could actually swallow. The fog rolled in around the time we finished dinner, as it usually did at this time of year, so we moved inside.
The light from the fireplace was sucked into the room with the wood and tarp over the windows. With wine in hand, we sat and talked to each other’s shadowed faces about the future. Jill began with her thoughts.
“I think what Laura did today was a good start. And the work you have done here in the house is fantastic. We have done some, but with Joe in the wheelchair it’s not happening fast enough for me. But I am getting there.”
“Do you need some help?” Mark asked.
“I built that house with my own two hands. I know I can get it done.”
“I remember you out on the beams. I thought you were crazy, but you did it,” Annie said.
Annie was a bit out of her element with everything going on. She wanted to contribute, but she just didn’t know what. She took the back seat these past few weeks while I took us from store to store getting what I thought we needed. She protested when I begged her to get the very expensive ham radio set from Craigslist, but she finally gave in. She became the financier of our big, nuclear bunker that I was creating in her home.
Hershey curled his somewhat big body on my lap and drank in the heat of the fireplace.  If I didn’t know better, I’d think he has been enjoying this. We were all home way more than usual. Mark’s job at the school was put on indefinite leave, so even he was home during the day. If only I could be as clueless as my beloved Hershey about what was to come, maybe my heart wouldn’t always be beating so hard all of the time.
Jill kept going, “I did, and even though that was a very long time ago, I know I can get the house ready. Well, as ready as it can be.”
“So, how can we bring the neighborhood together, and is it even worth trying?” I asked.
By the time Jill went home, we had put a plan into place and were confident about what we were attempting. In the end, at least Jill was in it with us.

July 15
I can’t sleep. Everything is going through my mind right now. Mostly, I fear that our neighbors are going to be suspicious of us. But in the end, we decided that we needed to get out there and hit as many houses as possible. Although reluctant, Jill finally acquiesced and said she would take our help with her house.  The best news of all is that Mark is finally on board with the prep work. With his strength, we can’t go wrong. He is a natural leader.
Mark is snoring peacefully next to me, although I know that he also has had a lot of trouble sleeping        since the war began. My husband’s life story is unbelievable, but that is why I fear people will not trust him in the days to come.
As I said, he is from Africa. After earning his Masters, he became a political refugee from his own country because he spoke out against an indifferent dictatorship. And yes, he is Muslim, a Sufi.  He ended up in Japan when he escaped Sudan. In Japan, he built a life for himself. He learned the language and got a great IT job. At over six foot two and being a large African man, he was something of a phenomenon there and he even dabbled in acting. He met his ex-wife and eventually changed his country of citizenship to become an American. After 9/11, he joined the army here and went to Iraq. When he came home, he was transferred to Monterey to teach Arabic. He knew his marriage was over and divorced.
I was on my break from work one day and stopped by a downtown coffee shop for a much needed jolt. A large man in uniform stepped behind me in line. The line was long, and I knew it was going to make me late, but I didn’t care. I needed it.
“Excuse me,” the stranger said.
“Yes,” I replied. I thought he was going to ask to go in front of me, to which I would have said yes. He was a soldier, and I appreciated his service. But that’s not what he asked.
“Are you single?”
Really, that was forward. This isn’t a bar, you know.
“Sorry, it’s just that you are beautiful, and I would like to take you out on a date.”
“Umm, well.” I didn’t know what to say, so I flushed a deep shade of red and said, “yes.”
All of these years later, we have been experiencing relationship ups and downs, and we are now on the brink of nuclear annihilation, together. Even though I haven’t come to terms with some of the things Mark has done that hurt me very much, I wouldn’t want to go through this without him. He is a rock when he needs to be.
Okay, now I really am tired. I will try and get some sleep.

July 15
We did it. We collected twenty-two homes worth of information. Yes, it was a long, emotional journey that sometimes brought me to tears. So many people don’t trust us. The war has made us distrust each other as much as we distrust the enemy, but we did get some really good information.
Here is some of the information we gathered from the internet and got from our neighbors, as well:
Secure all windows and doors with wood. If you have no wood, use whatever you can find. DO NOT leave the house for a minimum of one week, but stay inside two weeks if the blasts are bad. Try and use your radio in limited ways. Conserve your batteries if you can. Unplug your car batteries and carefully bring them into the house and place in a windowless room, if possible. This might keep it protected if an EMP (electro-magnetic pulse) should occur. Secure all of your battery operated equipment in the same manner as your car battery. If you have a walkie-talkie, place it on channel two. Keep all of your emergency supplies close to the space you plan to occupy. Keep a supply of your medications and prescription glasses close at hand. Finally, stay calm.
Another important thing we accomplished was to talk to the director of the local Elk’s Lodge, Ed. I already forgot his last name. The Lodge is a one story building with a giant parking lot, a kitchen, offices and meeting rooms.
“Can we use your building if we need to and it’s still here?” I asked, bluntly. I had nothing to lose.
“I don’t care,” said Ed No-Last-Name. “I’m headed home to Seaside. No one is here now, and no one’s coming back, is my guess.”
Okay, Ed No-Last-Name. Thanks for your concern and cooperation.
~~~
Annie was again perched in front of the radio. We had just joined her when we heard something we had never heard before.
“Wait,” Annie said, as a steady high pitched beep emanated from what was now our only source of information. “Sometimes this channel goes out.” Wow, she was really getting good with the radio, or has it become an obsession?
We sat for what might have been the longest two minutes of my life. I started to feel light headed when I realized that I was holding my breath. I was lucky that I hadn’t passed out.
Then, it happened. A long, steady stream of siren-like warning signals came from the San Francisco radio station that had been providing us with the most up-to-date information. At that moment, everything began going black in my head, like when you attempt to stand up after being in bed sick for several days. I concentrated hard to keep from going under, and Mark grabbed my arm and steadied me on the stool.
Why was I surprised that it had come to the West Coast? My rational mind knew it would. I was preparing for it, for heaven’s sake.
Before I knew it, we were all holding each other’s hands. We were squeezing tightly, and I blurted out, “I love you guys.”
I know that they were replying, but I can’t even remember what they were saying. I was in my own world. Is that what comes when you know that your death is imminent?
After a couple of minutes, Mark tuned the radio off, but the sound had not stopped. It was coming from outside. We have a warning system in Monterey? Did I know that?
We are now just sitting here, as I am writing this, waiting. I grabbed this stupid diary, but I have no idea why. It’s not like anyone is going to be reading it now, but I need to do something, anything. Annie and Mark are just looking at… I am not sure what they are looking at. Maybe they can’t see anything at the moment.
Annie is sobbing, and Mark moved between us to hold us both… now they start getting along, go figure. And I am sobbing, too. Sobbing and writing.
Is that the sound of planes?
What’s moving?
I am going to throw up.
I’m dying.

A few days later
I am not really sure of time any more, without our cell phones working. Why don’t we have watches? I am glad that my last thoughts were not about throwing up, at least not yet.
We are alive, all three of us.
Maybe the neighbors are alive, too. Talk about coming through at the eleventh hour. I am so glad that I told them about staying inside after the attack for at least a week, or maybe two, after initial impact. It depends on what kind of attack it is. At least, that was the information on the CDC website. Many of the neighbors had been prepping, as we were. But some were not. I wondered how they were, or if they were at all anymore.
The bombs hit fast and hard. I was in the 1989 earthquake in San Francisco, and it was a tap on the shoulder compared to this. Earthquakes only last for seconds. This event went on for what seemed like hours. I am not sure how many, and I guess it doesn’t matter.
Sometimes we felt shaking, and sometimes it felt like the earth was literally buckling. For the first few seconds we sat, completely petrified. But then we were thrown into the air. I came down hard on the tiles with my hands and knees. Then, the room went pitch black, but I could feel the tile floor beneath me crack, as the sound exploded in my ears.
A few minutes went by when the next wave began. I have no idea what I was hearing, feeling, or even smelling, but this time it felt like whatever was happening was getting farther away. Is it possible? Had we survived?
Not so fast, the earth said.
It all started again. The shaking resonated in my chest. It even made my teeth hurt. I don’t know how many times I rolled. I was crashing into what I could only imagine was furniture that had up-ended. Surely this had to be the end of it, of us.
But no, the next assault to my senses was smell now. I don’t know how it was so strong. We were hammered, duct-taped and tarped into our dark tomb, and yet my nasal passages burned with a smell. I have nothing to compare the smell to in order to describe it. It hurt though. And it made its way to my lungs, which were now trying desperately to expel it. So, that was the way we will go. We will asphyxiate, I vaguely thought.
I heard my mother scream out in a sound that made my heart break. But even worse was that I didn’t hear Mark at all. Was I making noises, screaming? I have no idea.
It was still going. And then I did something that, looking back, I am surprised I was able to do; I allowed myself to just roll with it. And more surprisingly, I relaxed into peacefulness. It was my time, and I was willing to go. I would have no more pain, no more worry that brought bile up my throat, no more noisy thoughts of survival, just– nothing more.
I woke from the blackness into more blackness as the earth continued to tumble. I was still here. Damn it. I was ready.
Seconds later, it ended with a whimper.
When my head turned I felt dirt, or maybe dust, fall into my eyes. I groaned.
“Are you okay?” It was Mark. But he died, right? “Honey, don’t move.”
Don’t go, I thought, or maybe I said. Everything was foggy. Come back… don’t leave me.
“Mom, can you move?” Mark asked my mother.
“Yeah, I think.” I heard my mother’s voice, and I began to cry.
My body hurt as I sobbed, and I kept telling myself that I needed to stop or it would hurt more. I could barely breathe. I felt like I was drowning, and I began to panic. The tears cleared my vision, and I saw light. No, that couldn’t be. The pain was too much, and I turned my head to throw up.
I saw a figure move in front of the light, and I heard hammering. Someone’s doing construction? I remember having the strangest thoughts trying to put it all together.
“Honey, the wood split on the window and the glass broke. I have to fix it before the contamination gets in. Just stay still.”
Not a problem. I wasn’t going anywhere anytime soon. I think I blacked out again.
My head was so sticky and dirty, that much I knew. I was wearing one of the face masks, too. This time, when I opened my eyes, there was light. It was the emergency lantern.
I looked around the room, and I didn’t recognize the very house I grew up in.
“You hear that,” I asked. “Rescued already?”
“No, baby. No one’s here. You were really thrown around. Maybe you ruptured an ear drum. You are hearing things,” Mark said through his mask. He was sitting next to me now.
“Okay,” I said. But I could hear someone in the distance saying my name.
“Laura.”
“What the…” Mark exclaimed. I felt him get up from my side and move away.
“No, don’t leave me,” I squeezed out as loudly as I could, but it was nothing more than a whisper.
I was so confused.
“Laura, are you okay? Annie, Mark, are you okay? Over.” This time I was sure I heard someone.
Mark retrieved one of the emergency back packs. Just that morning, Jill had given us one of her camping walkie-talkies. She had the other and made sure they were both on the same channel. I never had the chance to tell Mark it was in there.
“It’s Jill,” I told him.
“Oh my God. Jill,” he screamed her name so loudly my ears went back to ringing again for a few seconds.
“Mark? It’s me. Are you okay? Laura, Annie,” she said.
“Yes, we are okay. Laura’s hurt. I think Annie broke her wrist. I am treating them. I had first aide in the army. We got pretty roughed up over here. We rolled a lot, too. How are you? How is Joseph?”
“Fine, we are fine. Joe got away from me a few times, but I caught him. All in all, the house held up mostly. Built right, you know?” She scoffed at her own joke. Of course it held up, she built it. She is Wonder Woman. “I wish I could come and help you guys.”
“No, don’t. At least one week, okay? Please don’t move. We can stay in touch, but right now I need to help them.” Mark turned his head and whispered something I couldn’t hear.
Warm tears rolled down my face, and my teeth began to chatter loudly. Could Jill hear them? What was I thinking?
“Baby,” Mark lifted my feet and inched me carefully into a sleeping bag that he already had out. “I think you’re in shock,” he said.
I couldn’t get any more words out. I was shaking hard, and everything in my body hurt. Just then I felt something warm, rough and wet on my face. What was Mark doing? It felt weird.
I opened my eyes to see my sweet Hershey. I remember thinking, my dog looks concerned. I must be really bad.
“Hershey, sit,” Mark commanded. He moved to my feet, but never went very far from me.
“Honey, lift your head. Open your mouth. I found some of your painkillers from when you hurt your back in the emergency kit. Now drink this and swallow.”
I choked on the pills the first try. I spit them into my hand, and then I turned my head threw up again. I took a breath and I got them to my throat, but it hurt so much getting them down. I must have been hit in the neck somehow.  When they finally went down, I started to drink the water greedily. I was so thirsty. I choked again, and Mark pulled the bottle away from my begging lips.
“Just put your head down,” he said. He moved my head into his lap. “You’re okay, you’re okay.” I knew he was trying to convince himself of it. I wasn’t so sure, though. He stroked my hair and kept reassuring me.
I don’t remember much after that for a while. I could hear my mother becoming frantic, though. She kept asking Mark if I was okay until he finally snapped at her. “Annie, stop. Let me help her.”
I finally opened my eyes the best I could. Were they swollen shut? I peeked out to see my husband’s worried expression. My mother was on the couch, trying to crane her neck to look at me.
Mark looked tired and scared. I have never seen him scared before. I summoned my strength and lifted my hand to his face. He smiled weakly, and I could see he was relieved at that small gesture. “I’m okay, baby. Don’t worry,” I said. He started rocking me in his arms. It hurt to move like that, but I said nothing. He needed me to be fine, and for him I would be.
The next hours, or maybe days, went both slowly and quickly somehow. I heard Mark speaking quietly to my mother. I know he was trying to soothe her, and I was grateful.  Periodically, I even heard Annie and Mark speaking with Jill and Joseph. They were our only connection to the outside world, and we were theirs.
I am not sure how long it had been since the explosions, but I am overwhelmed with grief thinking about my family; those who aren’t here. Of course, when I began to think of Amanda and Brianna the tears came. They were slow at first, but the more I imagined what they must have gone through, the faster they come.
The flood gates are opened and I am not sure that it will ever end. They are like my daughters, maybe even closer, if that is possible. I am squeezing my eyes closed and willing myself to stop. I hope that they went quickly, in the arms of my brother to comfort them.
But I have more loved ones, and I might never know what became of them. My best friend, Penny, and her parents, who were like my own, and my cousins back East. I can only imagine they are gone, along with almost everyone else.
Why do I have to still be here? Certainly, living is the cruelest fate. But I know that we might not have to endure much longer. We have no idea what actually happened, and if the air in here is really not contaminated. There are just way too many variables, too many things we don’t know. And too many things we may never know.
We still are not really sure how much time has passed. Our best guess is that it has been a couple of days, at least. We decided to ask Jill when she calls to check on us next. She will know.
I am lying on my side in my sleeping bag, with my head propped up, writing by the dim light of the lantern. I am thankful that we have plenty of batteries, water, and some food to get us through until we can go outside.
Mark was able to gather the pages of my diary. I think he knows that I need to keep busy or I will go mad, stuck within my own mind.
Mark is smart. His whole life might have been preparation for this. He has created a tent within the living room to keep in our body heat. We can’t use even one of our three fireplaces due to carbon monoxide. There is no place for the smoke to go since we fortified ourselves in our tomb.
I have called what was our home our “tomb,” and my mother scolds me every time. It does feel like it though; like some ancient pyramid we have ensconced ourselves in. But we are still alive, if you can call this living. I am still in a great deal of pain. I think that the heavy sideboard Mark found me under pushed my rib into my lung. It’s hard to breathe, and it is painful on the right side. I don’t think that my lung is ruptured, though.
Things are calmer now. We don’t feel like we have to make conversation. Is it because we are not sure what to do next, or is it that we just don’t have the energy to talk? Maybe it is the grief. I am not sure. Maybe I should break the ice.

A Half of a Day Later, Maybe
Hours ago, we were startled awake by a new explosion. At least that’s what it sounded like, but of course we can’t see the outside, so we don’t really know.
Mark thinks it was a building collapsing. That is as good of a guess as any.
I immediately tried to call Jill on the walkie. I know she is going crazy being stuck inside for so long with Joseph.
“Jill, are you all okay? Jill,” I waited a few seconds. “Come on, answer Jill.” I started to get worried. 
“JILL.”
“I am here, Laura. I’m here.” I let out a long breath and winced as the air evacuated from my bruised lungs.
“Are you guys alright?” I asked.
“Yes, sorry. Joseph was trying to get out to somehow see what was going on.  He tried to start pulling the nails from the wood around the window. He’s losing it. If he were not in that chair, we would be in a lot of trouble. It’s like cabin fever on steroids.
“I couldn’t find the walkie for a while there, either. I put it in the kitchen. It is funny how I keep going in there and realizing there is nothing I need to do. All of our food is with us in the basement in the small kitchen we added in the renovation. Seems pretty foolish to add a kitchen to a room used in emergencies, huh? But it doesn’t stop me from going in there and just looking around until I realize I don’t need to be there. It’s like a muscle reflex, you know?”
“Yeah,” I lied. I am not really that mobile yet. “Hey, Jill, how many days has it been?” I finally asked.
“I have been trying to keep track, and I am pretty sure it has been three days. That would make it July eighteenth.  And it is about three thirty in the afternoon.

Thank God Jill was the only person left with an actual watch rather than a cell phone to tell the time. That makes me wonder if the clock on our bedroom wall made it through. I have not even seen that room since, well, you know.
~~~
I am glad that Mark worked some construction in Japan. At some point while I was in my unconscious state, Mark took inventory on the state of the house. Miraculously, there was no terminal damage to the structure. Of course, we are a long way from where we were before, but we are safe for now. When we are able to get outside, we are going to have some work. Of that, I am certain.
I only get up from my sleeping bag, which is now on the love seat next to my mother’s couch, to use the “restroom.” Mark has been sleeping on a space he made on the floor next to me. I know he is worried about my injuries. He holds my hand while we sleep.
I should explain about the “facilities.” We have two large, hardware store buckets. One is for “solid” waste and one for “liquid” waste. They each have a small amount of sawdust at the bottom that we replenish as we go. I read that was the way you can compost the waste later. All I really cared about was that we could control the smells and sanitation during our internment. Not long after the East Coast was hit we devised a system. We are living down stairs, and the wrap around balcony upstairs has a wooden shed covered by more tarps placed flush to the sliding door area. This creates a small room where we (by we, I mean Mark, as he is the only one able enough) pour the waste into a large tub. That way, the person hauling it up there and pouring it out won’t get sick if there is either nuclear radiation and/or biochemical contaminants in our air. I suspect there are both, by the way.  So, to make the make-shift toilets cute, I added a “# One” to one of them and a “# Two” to the other. Mark helped me attach a toilet seat on each. I am really glad we figured that all out beforehand.
We were just as smart with the water. Having been a military family, we moved often. This last time, when we moved into my mother’s place, I bought twenty-three plastic containers to use instead of boxes. It helped with the moving breakage problem. The day New York fell, we purchased twenty more. We filled them with gallons upon gallons of water. They are being stored with the food supplies in the laundry room and in the middle of the house, windowless rooms and spaces. We also purchased two large rain barrels that we placed inside, as well. Thank God my Annie’s house is really big.
We spent a lot of money preparing for this. Well, Annie did. I had her put it on her credit card. After the first couple of days, I was pretty sure she was not going to be getting a bill in the mail. If nothing did happen, and things remained normal, we could take most of it back, I reasoned with her. I am so glad now she decided to go along with me. And she didn’t hurt her impeccable credit.
The Geiger counter we purchased is secured in one of the emergency backpacks next to me. If Mark had been there while we gathered supplies, I think he might have thought me ridiculous for this pricier item. Now, I think he will be happy to see it. When I can get up for more than a couple of minutes at a time, I will test the areas around the windows and doors. Here is what the box says:
“Two separate channels for Beta- and Gamma- validation (increased precision);
Normal Measurement Cycle of 26 seconds;
Range of indications of 0.05~999.0 mcSv/hr;
Detects Beta-, Gamma-, and X-rays.”
So, those are a few of the things we bought in the days leading up to the end.
I guess we are about to find out what comes after the end.

July 19
It is 2:50 AM. How do I know that? We found a clock in the rubble. It’s so quiet. Before, (that’s what I am calling everything before the attack on the East Coast, when we were all just living our lives ignorant of what was to come) there was never a real silence. I realize that now. Our computers hummed, televisions blared out our entertainment, video games bleeped, crashed and blasted, and don’t even get me started on our phones.
I was actually jealous of Mark’s phone, before. He used it to get on the internet, to tweet, to “like” various things on Facebook, to Skype with family in Africa, but more importantly, to block me out. At least, that’s how I felt. I am glad it’s dead. RIP Smart Phone, RIP.
Now the night is silent, devoid of all of the electronic noise. There is nothing except for the natural sounds of my mother, Hershey and Mark sleeping. Would it be strange if I said I liked this time of the morning now?  Just to think, and write, of course.
It’s cold in the house. Monterey is always wet and cold in July, the fog thick and heavy in the mornings. We have all of our blankets out now. Mark has piled so many on top of me I can barely turn over. I am also layered in my clothes and socks.
I can’t exactly say that we are becoming acclimated to our new reality yet, but I think we have accepted that it has happened. But where do we go from here? I am not certain, but I think we need to pick up where we left off; working at a community level. That is, if there is a community left. Only Jill has used the walkie-talkies. Tomorrow, I plan on trying some other channels because you just never know.
It has been less than four days since “It” hit, but it feels like so much longer. It is getting easier to breathe, so I think my lung is healing. The vomiting continues, but it is slowing down.
We are beginning day four, and I plan to start walking around in the morning. I need to get up and move now, or it’s only going to get harder.
I also think we need to make some solid plans for when we emerge from our crypt. This means we are going to start having conversations again. It should be interesting, to say the least. But we have to crawl out of our trauma-induced domes of silence and figure out how we are going to move on from this.
~~~ 
I started getting things going by getting myself going. To both Annie’s and Mark’s surprise, I was up and shuffling around when they awoke. My body still ached, but I didn’t care. I just needed to move. Being ambulatory is important when you have to plan the beginning of the end of the world; a commencement, so to speak.
I am writing while I eat my “breakfast,” cold spaghetti from a can… yum. I can’t wait until we can get outside and use the grill for some hot food and coffee. The instant coffee won’t dissolve in room temperature water, so I am actually chewing my morning pick-me-up. For a coffee addict, this isn’t going to work.
I have asked Annie and Mark to come and sit with me for the talk. They look less than enthused, but they are up and getting ready for it.
I have decided to take all important notes in my diary here. Thank goodness I am an incredibly fast note taker, due to the fact that my wonderful grandmother taught me shorthand. Maybe I was a 1950’s style secretary in my last life. I think having everything in one place will keep me organized, which I believe will be imperative for the days to come.
So, here are the minutes of our meeting:
 “I think it is important to talk about what to do next. We must have a plan,” I said.
 “What are you doing?” asked Mark.
 “Taking notes,” I explained. He looked as if I had lost my mind. “First, I want to say thank you to both of you. I know that I have been pretty out of it since it happened. I am feeling better today, and it is time we figure out what’s next.” I knew it was an exaggeration, but they need to believe that I was capable of getting around.
 “What do you mean by ‘what’s next?’ We survived. We don’t even know if it’s over yet. We don’t even know what ‘it’ really was,” said Annie.
 “I agree,” I said. “So, let’s start there. We know, very roughly, what happened when the East Coast got it. We have sketchier information about what happened as it moved to the West Coast. It sounded like it was coming in a wave across the country, and that we got it last.”
Mark chimed in. “I’m not really sure that’s how it happened. I think it went across part of the Midwest. Last we heard, it hit just down the middle of the country.” Mark retrieved the globe that must have flown from the in-wall bookshelf and rolled into the corner of the living room. “Okay, we know that the strikes went as far as here. “ He pointed to Texas. “They hit Texas, Oklahoma, and maybe Kansas. But that’s the last we heard. We have no idea what happened north of that.”
“Good point,” I said. “But isn’t it safe to assume that they continued to sweep west?”
“No, because they might have been lining up in both the Atlantic and Pacific. It just makes sense that it would be easier to reach their targets from closer range.” He indicated the oceans on each coast.
“I really don’t see how any of this matters. All that matters is that everything is gone; destroyed. There’s nothing left. We are alone.” Note to self: Annie’s getting progressively more upset. Maybe it’s too soon for this conversation. Maybe she should not be included in the planning anymore.
“But that’s my point. They might not have gotten anything more,” Mark said.
 “Annie, we need to figure out what we might find outside by piecing together the information that we do have,” I explained. “I have some theories about what I remember about our strike, but I need to work them through. I know it’s upsetting you to talk about it, so if you want to go into the other room, that’s really alright. Mark and I can manage.”
 “No, I want to stay. I’ll be quiet.”
 “No, Annie. You were listening to the radio way more than we were. You can be a lot of help if it’s not too much for you.”
“Okay. I’ll do what I can.”
Mark, looking irritated, pointed back to the map. “It only makes sense that they are sending in strikes from both coasts.”
I got the calendar that was still attached to the wall and brought it over. “Then why did they stop the strikes and wait for, one, two, three, four days until they hit California?”
 “I’m not 100 percent sure, but we had radio transmissions until they hit us on July 15, and there were no reports of strikes on this coast until ours,” Mark said.
 “But, maybe they just stopped getting information, and that’s why they didn’t report it,” I reasoned. “Annie, what did you hear during those four days?”
 “They weren’t reporting because they said that they were not getting any signals, NOAA, or NORAD reports after Texas. I could still get San Francisco stations until the 15th, but they either just reiterated what we knew about the East Coast until the Midwest attacks or they went over lists of things to have on hand, and what to do if we got hit. They did say that there were unsubstantiated reports that there were submarines off of the Pacific Coast, from L.A., to Santa Barbara, to San Francisco.”
 “Annie, that’s really important information. That means that Mark’s theory could be correct.”
 “Thanks,” said Annie proudly.
 “Maybe they were getting into position and rallying allies during those four days. It’s plausible that this whole war hadn’t been planned out that well. We don’t even know why it started. We just assumed that it was because the U.S. brought down the global economy,” Mark said.
I was very proud of Mark’s intelligence. “You’re absolutely right. Now we have a good starting point theory as a jumping off place. Let’s call this theory Point A. Mark, can you find the atlas? It was on the bookshelf.”
As we waited for him to find the atlas, I had time to record some personal observations. Annie is actually a good source of information. As for Mark, I know him well enough to know that he has been thinking about this even before our strike, all while he was protesting our preparations. I am thankful that my family is good at putting the pieces of information that we do have together. We need all minds on board right now.
“Hello, this is Jill, over.”
“We are here, Jill. We are having a little meeting, trying to figure out what happened since the start of all of this so that we can figure out where to go from here. I am glad you called, or radioed, or whatever you call it. Do you and Joseph have some time to join us?”
 “Yes we do. I have some ideas,” said Joseph’s baritone voice.
Mark found the atlas and came back over to sit at the built-in counter. I gave him time to update the Richmond’s.
 “So, everyone, please speak slowly so I can keep up while I take notes,” I said.
 “Okay,” said Jill.
Joseph must have taken the walkie from Jill. “Well, I have to say that your theory and mine, so far, are almost identical. I only wanted to add that I think that they didn’t start on the West Coast and move inland like they did with the East Coast. I think that the ships in the Pacific started off firing from their ocean vantage point on Colorado and continued west from there. That’s why we stopped getting reports from the NORAD compound in Colorado Springs.”
 “That makes sense. Let me add that to the map,” said Mark.
Mark added arrows and ships to the map to indicate where we think they hit and possible dates of strikes. We were creating a good record of our thoughts, even though we weren’t sure exactly how they would help us in our current situation.
I thought it was a good time for me to add to the conversation. “Now, for my thoughts of how I think they hit us and the rest of the country in order to thoroughly bring us down. As we know, the U.S. is huge, and we have the most advanced defenses and weapons in the world, including our nukes.” Annie took over the note taking as I gave my two cents.
 “Yeah, that’s a big question mark,” Joseph said. “How the hell did they manage to bring us down to our knees? It doesn’t make sense. We are just too strong.”
 “You and Mark both believe that Middle East terrorist cells sort of just reacted to Iraq, and I will add Syria’s and Russia’s strikes, too,” I said. “But I believe that all of the terrorist allies were ready and in place when this began. They might not have wanted us to be prepared in the Pacific, so they didn’t put that in place until they weakened us enough. I also think that we have launched a huge defense against our enemies. I feel fairly certain our military was shipped out to bring them down when this all began.”
Mark nodded his head in agreement. “You’re right, and I know they have left most of the National Guard and a lot of the Active Duty forces to defend us here. They probably have activated troops who were Inactive Ready Reserve. I just don’t know how wounded our In-Country-Military is. My guess is that they are probably pretty bad off, but I don’t believe that they are completely obliterated. The question for us is; are they going to find the survivors? And then what?”
 “Jill, have you heard from any of the neighbors? Some of them indicated that they had devices and would use them, if they could, after a strike,” I asked.
Joseph answered. “Not a word. Jill and I think that maybe they are on different frequencies, if they are trying at all, and some of our neighbors are elderly and/or not at all tech savvy.”
 “And that’s a whole other topic,” Mark said. “Laura, you are looking like you are in some pain. Maybe we should continue this tomorrow so you can take a pill and rest.”
 “Yeah, I am starting to fade,” I told him. “But I do have some topics we should all think about until we come together again to talk. First, we should continue to figure out communications not only with neighbors, but also anyone we can reach. Second, and maybe more importantly, I am not sure that we should leave our houses in just one week. Which brings me to the third point; what exactly do we think is in the air?”
 “Fantastic. These are great talking points for tomorrow. But now, get some rest, all of you. We love all of you and are so grateful that you are with us in this,” said Jill.
 “We are too, Jill. We are, too,” said Annie.
 “Bye, I mean, over and out.” LOL (Did I really just use internet speak? Some habits are going to be hard to break.) 
 “I think that we need to bust open the ham radio set and try and reach someone who knows what is going on.” Mark said.  “If they, meaning anyone who is left, are out there, they are monitoring the airwaves the best they can. Sorry Annie, you won’t be able to take it back to Radio Shack for your money back.”
We all laughed.
~~~
The rest of the day just sort of went by. I took another pain killer, and it just wiped me out. I slept for five hours, and now I am wide awake. I know Mark has been busy with the radio transmissions. It’s a good thing that it works with both battery and cranking. He is used to monitoring radio transmissions from his military days. I think it’s a good distraction for him. We have nothing to do but sit around all day, and “cabin fever,” as Jill calls it, is really setting in.
Annie is having an especially hard time. She has worked herself into a nervous frenzy. I know she is worried about her granddaughters and my brother, Jake. She has mentioned a few times that she wasn’t sure how they were going to drive themselves up here to Monterey. I don’t know what to say to her. The realist in me keeps coming back to the obvious. Even if they are alive by the same miracle that has allowed us to live this long, how would they make their way here? It’s too far with all that has to have happened on the route from Arizona to here. Then again, I’m the one who wrote a good-bye letter to them and left it on the door for when they made it here. Maybe it’s time to suspend doubt and believe.
Even with all of my concerns, I am feeling better since our meeting. It was productive. This is all new territory for every one of us left on this earth. There is no instruction manual that comes with an apocalypse.
I remember the first time I heard about nuclear bombs. I was about nine years old and my father had passed away the year before. My grandmother would come over to our house during the week to help out while my mother was working at the store she was bequeathed. It was a big change for all of us.
My grandmother liked to talk about the news of the day and topics that surrounded our society. I don’t remember the exact words that were said or even how the topic of nuclear annihilation was brought up. I just remember the awful feelings I walked away with.
I would lay in bed that night, and many others after, and I would think about what would happen if the Soviets dropped a bomb on us. I didn’t understand the workings of the atom bomb, but I knew how bad it was. I understood that most people would die, or get really sick. It was that year that I read “Sadako and the Thousand Cranes.” All the time I was reading the book I never told anyone how upset it made me. Looking back, it was a beautiful story, but not then.
I think that all of the emotions about my father’s passing, the fear that our family was not safe without a patriarch, and the continual horror of what would come from the Cold War, fed into my fascination with apocalyptic fiction, both film and novels. They were a way to work out my distress. The main characters in the movies and the books go through hell, but they live and finally, they strive heroically. But now that I am facing it, I am seeing these stories for what they really are; fiction.
Good night world or what is left of it.

HIDDEN BUTTON GIVEAWAY
Enter to win a $20 Amazon Gift Card
It is simple! Just click on this logo: 

It will bring you to a page on The Survivor Diaries website. Scroll to the bottom where you will find the same picture of the three Survivor Diaries’ books. That image is actually a secret button to the hidden online entry page. So, click on it!
That button takes you to the entry form (just your name and email address are needed to enter).
And that’s it!
Enter before December 15, 2014!

July 20
I was jerked awake by an unfamiliar sound. It has been so quiet, and electronic sounds are already becoming foreign to us.
The ham radio.
I got up to go over and answer it. I stubbed my toe on something really hard. “Shit.” Mark got up and turned on the lanterns while I went to answer the contraption.
“Hello, hello,” I repeated.
“Identify yourself. What’s your call sign?”
I didn’t know what to say so I froze and said nothing. Brilliant.
“Lady, GET OFF,” the deep, raspy voice yelled.
“No,” I stated firmly. “You have to be kidding me. I finally get some outside contact and you expect me to get off. Well, that’s not going to happen.”
I wasn’t even sure how to use it, but I would be damned if I was going to hang up the ham radio and act like I hadn’t heard him.
Mark grabbed the mic from me, and Annie took a seat on one of the stools at the counter. She was looking pale and not at all well.
“I am sorry about my wife, sir. She is just excited to hear from you, brother. Over,” Mark used his most polite voice. He always called other guys “brother” when he was trying to make them feel comfortable and make himself welcomed. It was a “bro code” thing.
“Get off. I have been dealing with you people for days, and I am sick of it. You have no idea what you are doing, and you are making it impossible to talk to any of my contacts. So, get off.”
This guy wasn’t going to be easy, but Mark never gives up. “I understand, and I am sorry to bother you, but we are walled inside of our house, and we have no idea when we can leave, or what is happening out there. My name is Mark. We just need some information. Please,” he implored.
“You have an accent. What kind?” asked the man who was obviously becoming suspicious.
“I am from Africa. I’m American, though,” Mark explained. “What’s your name?”
The man ignored the question. “You ain’t Muslim, are ya?”
I looked at Mark and shook my head. “No, I’m Christian,” he lied.
There was a long pause followed by a sigh. “Paul. My name is Paul.” Progress.
I took the mic from Mark. I knew that if he continued to hear Mark’s accent he would have more questions, and he would eventually hang up on us. Do you even “hang” these things up? I need to read the book the man who sold us the radio made us pay extra for.
“Sir, my name is Laura. I am in Monterey, California. Where are you?”
“I’m in Lebec, Cali,” Paul finally gave in.
“I know that place,” I exploded excitedly. “Near Bakersfield?”
“Yep. I have family in Seaside. My wife’s brother and his family are up there. You know how Seaside is doin’? They ain’t answering,” Paul said. Thank God he had a reason to talk to us, and I was going to make good use of it.
“We have been fairly roughed up here; something akin to being scrambled in a blender,” I said.
“Ha, ‘akin.’ Whatever. What happened up there?”
Note to self; don’t use any words that might be misperceived as snobbery. “We can’t see out yet. We have our windows and doors boarded up completely, but we know what we felt. I have had a lot of time to think back at exactly what we felt at the time. First, there was the sound of flying, you know, ‘vrrrrr,’ which must have been the sound of missiles of some kind.”
Mark grabbed the mic from me. Oh, no. “I am army, and I can confirm that was what it was,” Mark said officially.
“What you do in the army?” Paul questioned unbelievingly.
“MP. Twenty-nine months in Iraq.” That was the truth, but I didn’t think that would be enough for the dubious Paul.
“I was Seventh Light Infantry. Did my time on Fort Ord. Nam,” Paul replied, now calmer.
“I…” I started excitedly, but Mark cut me off with a look that told me he had it under control now. They had their army-speak going now. They really are “brothers,” I guess.
“Yeah, my wife’s family have lived there forever. They were here before Clinton shut down Fort Ord,” Mark’s voice was now authoritative and sharp, like he was speaking to a high ranking officer.
“Well, boy. I can tell you a thing or two about that area in 1972,” said Paul. Now he was completely into the conversation. Keep it up, Mark, I thought. I gave him a wide smile, but he ignored it.
“Sir,” Mark continued. “We can get back to you about the shape of Seaside when we are able to go outside and check out the state of things. But we can’t go out until we know the air is alright to breathe. The strike went on for a few hours. I’m not sure how many. We think that there were drones and air drops of biochems. Do you have any information, sir?” Mark said sharply, but with respect.
“Yeah, we know some stuff. You are probably right about the drones and drop. Some are saying anthrax, some smallpox, but I don’t think the smallpox is right. It’s been under ice for a long time, but you can never be too sure with those chinks and towel heads.”
Oh shit, I thought. Mark is going to explode at him. He hates racism and usually goes off on anyone who hints of it, and these were no hints. Mark looked me in the eye to make sure I wasn’t going to go off myself. I have a real problem with racism and bigotry, too.
“Sir, have you heard anything about the Variola virus? That one is sneakier. It doesn’t show until it gets out there. It is very contagious,” Mark calmly replied. I was impressed at his constraint. This communication is important, and he knew it.
“Don’t know ‘bout that one, but people have been talking about some that might not show up right away. I talked to someone in Ohio yesterday, and she said that she’s heard of people who were just fine at first, and all of a sudden get fevers, pukin’ and welts on their skin. Then they just go down fast,” Paul sounded sad now.
I took the mic from Mark, and gave him a knowing look. I wasn’t going to blow it with the guy, either.
“Sir,” I asked. “Have you been getting people moving through there trying to make it over fifteen? My family would be coming that way.”
“Sorry, ma’am. We can’t see the highway from here, and we aren’t goin’ out either. We didn’t board up before. Maybe we should’ve. We can see out the windows, but we don’t have much of a view of anything, anyway. But it’s real dark out there. And lots of ash, tho’. They nuked L.A., cooked it completely, ya’ know?”
My head dropped down. Mark took the mic gently from my hand.
“Thank you, sir. This information is very valuable. Do you think we can keep in contact? We can let you know about Seaside, and you can give us info about down there.”
“Okay, Mark. Will do. I’m on a lot, but I’m talking to a lot of folks now. I will get back to you as soon as I know more. When do you think that you’ll go outside?”
That is the number one question.
Mark finished up with him while I went to sit on the couch. They were exchanging personal information, and Paul was letting Mark know how to reach him on the ham.
~~~
After hanging up with Paul, Mark joined Annie and I on the couch. We were both in tears at the news of Los Angeles. I guess I knew all along that the big U.S. cities would get “cooked,” as Paul put it. But it was too much to think about. I was born in L.A. and lived in the suburbs before we moved to Monterey. We had friends and relatives down there; mostly people we were no longer in touch with, but it didn’t matter. It was loss.
I was lost, deep in thought. I was trying to figure out how my brother, Jake, and the girls would get up here now. I got the map, but my brain was completely overwhelmed.
“Well, we got Paul on our side,” he said. “He’s not that bad of a guy.”
I didn’t respond to that. Mark had a habit of seeing the best in people, some of whom did not deserve it.
We spent the rest of the morning in quiet thought. Mark did call Jill and tell her our news. She was glad that we had an outside contact, as were we.
We made a plan to have our next “meeting,” as we were now calling them, at noon.
I did have something of an epiphany this morning. I remembered that I had printed instructions that I had kept in our old emergency kit on how to make a stove-like flame from a can of beer, rubbing alcohol, a pocket knife and some scissors. We had a twelve pack in the fridge, and I got two cans out. Following the directions, I cut along the top part of the ridge and took the entire top off the can so it came off cleanly. I continued to follow the directions, feeling that it was a questionable concoction. But when I lit the alcohol, it worked. We have hot coffee, praise the Lord. When I was done, I smothered the flame with a plastic bowl, and now we have it for tomorrow.
I am sitting with my hot cup, writing and petting Hershey. I almost remember what it felt like before.
~~~
We started our meeting at noon.
 “Hi, Jill. Are you ready?” asked Mark.
 “Ready, willing and able,” said Jill. She was sounding more upbeat.
 “Hi Jill,” I said. “Like we said, we made a contact on the ham radio, and now we have some news and a way to get more in the future. That’s a big accomplishment. Now, maybe we can make a decision on when we can get out of our jails.”
“Wait, you have a ham radio?” Jill asked. “How did we not know you had one? Joe has been a ham operator for years. Ours was broken, well, you know how, and he has been working on fixing it.”
 “I should have it working by tonight,” said Joseph in the background.
 “I wish I had known that,” said Mark. “Oh, well. Once yours is working Joseph, you can take over the communications some. This guy was not happy that we don’t have a license to use it. Like that matters now.”
 “Yep, we don’t like talking to newbies. Later, let me know his information, and I will talk with him,” said Joseph.
 “There is something you should know, Joseph,” I said. “He is a world class bigot. We told him that Mark was not Muslim, that he’s a Christian. We had to, or he wouldn’t have talked to us at all.”
Joseph chuckled. “Okay, I’ll take care of it.”
 “You aren’t the only ones with big information,” said Jill. “I reached some neighbors about an hour ago, the Grahams over on La Playa Street. You remember talking to them, Laura?”
 “Of course I do,” I replied. “Katie is a psychologist and Malcom is a family practice doctor. They were like hitting the lottery.”
 “Yep, and they are doing pretty well,” she continued. “I mean, as well as can be expected. They were really happy to hear from us. They have been on channel nine. That’s why we weren’t hearing them. They said that a few of the other neighbors told them to be on that channel, and they completely forgot that we had a different channel; understandable. We have all had too much on our minds.”
 “I think we should include them in this meeting. Jill, do you think that you can reach them now?” I asked.
 “Yep, hold on and I will hop on channel nine and ask them to join.”
My heart was beating hard. That makes twice today that we have heard from new people, people with information, and people who may be able to help. Although it has only been days since we have been locked inside, the isolation, outside of my family, has been miserable.
 “Hello, this Malcom.”
 “We are back,” said Jill.
 “Okay, great,” I said. “Malcom and Katie, I would like to introduce my mother, Annie, and my husband, Mark.”
We all said our “hellos.” Then Mark jumped in. “It is great to meet you both. I am sure Jill has filled you in on all that we knew up until this morning. But first things first, when can we take our masks off, Doc? They are itchy, hot, and they smell horrible.”
Malcom laughed “You can take them off right now. The truth is that they can only do so much, and after this long, they are not going to do you any good.”
Oh my gosh, that felt so good, but what’s that smell?
Mark continued. “Well, the main thing we got from our early morning communication with Paul is that Los Angeles has undergone some type of nuclear blast. And in the rest of the country, it seems that there have been plenty of biochemicals dropped, too. Part of my army training was a two week course on biochemical warfare, and I think that we might be dealing with the contagious Variola virus, anthrax, and less likely, smallpox.”
Malcom agreed. “Yeah, I am not certain about the smallpox either. But Variola and anthrax are good possibilities. There could be fifteen or more that I am thinking of, but the one I am really concerned about is Yersinia pestis.”
 “Yer what?” I asked.
 “Yersinia pestis, better known as the pneumonic plague,” said the doctor.
 “THE PLAGUE?” yelled Annie.
 “I’m sorry,” said a woman who I identified as Katie. “I know that the word ‘plague’ is very frightening. He shouldn’t have just blurted it out like that.”
 “I’m sorry,” apologized Malcolm. “Let me explain. It is one of the agents that the Center for Disease Control thinks is possibly coming from the bioterrorists that we know of. It is treatable, if we get to it fast enough. We have to treat within twenty four hours of the first symptoms with a seven day course of antibiotics because it is spread person to person, and even animals can be contagious to humans.”
 “Oh my God,” I said. It was my turn to panic. “That means that even though we are staying inside it could be out there, multiplying within our food sources and from people who don’t know about it. Meaning pretty much anyone could have it.”
 “Yes, you are right,” said Katie. “It is very scary, but we know it exists, and we can take precautions. It’s important that we don’t scare ourselves into inaction.” It was easy to tell that Katie was a psychologist. We will all probably need to see her after everything we have been through.
 “But do we have access to enough antibiotics?” asked Joseph.
 “Good question,” said Malcolm. “The truth is, at this point we just don’t know. It depends on if we can get to the hospital, doctor’s offices, and other places we can find stashes, mainly pharmacies. Because we don’t know what the landscape looks like out there, we just don’t know.”
 “This morning Malcom and Katie have been telling me about their communication with the other neighbors,” said Jill, effectively changing the subject.
 “Yes, and we have good news on that front,” said Katie. “Like Jill must have told you, we have been on channel nine, which we all should change to, because that’s where everyone else is.” I felt like we had been missing out on the human companionship that we desperately needed.
 “You make it sound like you are in contact with a lot of people,” Mark said.
 “I’m not sure it’s ‘a lot,’ but we have made contact with eight other households,” Katie said.
 “Holy crap. I can’t believe we were not monitoring the other channels. How are they doing?” I asked.
 “They are in various states,” Katie said. “Unfortunately, some of them didn’t take the proper precautions. They all covered windows and doors, but some people only did so minimally. Two groups even stepped outside, but they went right back in when they said the air burned their lungs.”
“Shit,” said Annie.
 “Realistically, it is not good that they have had contact with the outside air. But no one seems to be sick yet. Speaking of which, Jill told me you all sustained injuries during the occurrences. Can you tell me what kind of injuries and how bad they are?” asked Malcolm.
Mark jumped in before I had a chance to speak. “My wife might have some broken ribs. She was having trouble breathing for a while, but it’s better now. Annie has what I believe to be a broken wrist. We have it wrapped tight. We all have bruises and scrapes, black and blue, but on my black skin, it’s purple.”
 “Is everyone breathing alright now, and is the pain bearable?” asked Malcolm.
 “Yes, we are okay,” I said. “I was taking some Hydrocodone we had in the house, but I don’t need it any more. We are all breathing fine now. All in all, we really are okay.”
 “Good,” said Malcolm. “Because we know that there are going to be a lot of people needing medical attention, and I have no idea if any other doctors made it through.”
 “Doctor, I think the question on all of our minds is; when can we get out of what we so loving call ‘our tomb’?” I asked.
 “I believe that we need to stay in for two weeks as a precaution, as long as we all have enough water and food to get us by.”
 “We will if you think so,” said Annie. “We have enough food and clean water. My daughter saw to it.”
 “It’s not going to be easy though. Being in the dark all day, every day, is depressing,” said Joseph. I suspected that he had problems with depression before the war.
 “I know. We have been feeling depressed, too,” said Katie empathetically. “It’s natural when you are getting no light. And compounding it with the events of the last two weeks, it may get even worse. I can’t promise that it will go away when we get out either. This is the ultimate of horrible situations. But, now that you are connected with more people, you might find it a little bit better. It’s important that you stay active, and not only getting things ready for when we emerge. Play games, cards, board games, whatever you have around. You can read and even drink a little. But remember that alcohol can be a depressant, so be careful not to consume too much.”
 “Oh, trust me, we have popped open the bottles,” said Joseph.
 “And if you need to talk to me in private, go into another room and call me. We will find a private channel and we can talk it out. The point I am making is that it’s just as important to stay in front of the depression as it is to stay in front of physical pain. When we get out of here, we need to be ready to rebuild our lives.”
I like Katie.
We all said our good-byes, and we setup our next meetings. We finished up by working out the walkie talkie channels and how to use them.
~~~
I just realized that I haven’t taken a real deep breath since I heard the first news story about the East Coast. Well, until just now. The news about the continuation of our incarceration is not great, of course. However, the fact that there are eight more households worth of people we are going to have contact with is incredible news. I love my family, but I think we are getting rather tired of sitting around staring at each other.
I have been thinking about everything we talked about with the two doctors, and there was a lot. There isn’t that much that can be done right now about the possible biochemicals, but what about our mental and emotional well-being?
I know that Katie recommends that we stop thinking about our predicament, but thinking about how we can fix things makes me feel better. Plus, I have the outlet of writing my thoughts here. Annie and Mark are engaged in a game of cards, and that really is great considering that they weren’t even talking not too long ago.
I have been considering our present assets and right now none look better than our walkie talkies and our ability to communicate, besides our food, water and toilet buckets, of course. Katie is right about our need to feel better about our circumstances, and I think that one way to do that is to be able to socialize outside of our homes, even though we are stuck in them for now. First, I need to know if everyone has enough juice for their walkies and then perhaps we might be able to establish some ways to keep ourselves occupied and to become acquainted with each other better.
I can’t pretend that I haven’t been thinking about what Malcom said. The pneumonic plague has me completely freaked out. Obviously, whoever did this is completely evil, but this? Maybe demonic is a better label for them.
There are tons of farms in Salinas, which is only seventeen miles from here. I was thinking that we could find some livestock when we can go out again. In fact, it was part of a plan that I have been developing in my head. But the animals could be dead or have infected each other until they are all gone. What are we going to do without meat and dairy?
And what about all of the people who are left? We are alive, so maybe a lot more people are alive too. At least the people around here might be okay, right?
I guess this is why Katie told us to not to think too much about it. I am going to get the Monopoly box. I don’t really like cards.
~~~
So, I won in Monopoly, sort of. We all just gave up. At least some things never change.
But it’s almost time to have our group meeting. It’s weird, but I am nervous. I have always been shy in group situations, but I would really like to put out my ideas. I’ll see how I feel and if there is an opening.
I will take the minutes of the meeting again. The short hand my grandmother taught me has been coming in handy. I miss my grandmother, but I am glad that she didn’t have to see what has happened to our world.
Malcom was the first to speak. “I hope everyone is here. Let’s go through the roll call that we practiced this morning.” 
“Number One: Graham.”
“Number Two: Sheraton”
“Number Three: Burgess”
“Number Four: Estrada”
“Number Five: Santos”
“Number Six: O’Malley”
“Number Seven: Raja”
“Number Eight: Gianluca”
 “And today we have some more new people,” said Malcolm. “Mark, Laura and Annie, you are number nine. Jill and Joseph, you are number ten. Just this morning we came up with this way of quickly identifying that we are all here. Great job, everyone. As I said, we have two more families and five more people to add to our group. First, Lizzie Burgess, will you give a little background as to how we came about and what we have discussed in our brief time together?”
 “Um, okay, sure,” said Lizzie. “Well, we only started talking as a group yesterday. Before that we would talk to whoever answered, and usually it was to just talk about our injuries and if it was okay to go out now. Which it isn’t, as the Doc has told us in no uncertain terms. We decided to meet at 7:30 P.M., nightly. That’s all I can think of at the moment.
 “Great. Laura, can you introduce your family?” Malcolm asked.
 “Sure. Well my name is Laura, my husband is Mark, and my mother’s name is Annie. We live on Ocean View Drive. I am a filmmaker. My husband has done many things, including construction. He was a soldier in Operation Enduring Freedom, and he’s also a translator in Japanese and Arabic. My mother, Annie, is a retired teacher. I guess that’s our introduction. I am so happy to hear you all out there. You don’t know how good it is to know more people have survived.”
 “Thanks, Laura,” Katie said. “We actually do know the feeling. That’s why we need to keep this going. As you all know, Laura started going house to house getting information about the neighbors before the bombs. A lot of you have said that the information she spread actually saved your lives. And I agree. We owe her quite a debt.”
Oh no, she’s throwing me out there in front of all of those people. Talk, Laura, talk. “No, all of you who I spoke to helped. I know that you were a little suspicious, which is totally understandable, but so many of the ideas came from all those who would speak to us. So, thank you all.”
 “Laura, I suspect that you have more to share with us,” Katie said. “From our brief encounter when you came to the door, it seems like you are full of ideas.”
 “Well, I do have some things I would like to put out there; things we can do before we can leave our homes and some more things we can do once we are free to leave. The latter are things I need to formulate a little better in my mind, but may I bring up one idea I have about what we can do right now?”
A male voice that I didn’t recognize spoke. “You sure can. We don’t have any formal rules. At least not yet. So the floor is all yours.”
Did I really want the floor? “Thank you. First, I want you all to know that I am taking notes on all that we are saying. When I am talking, my mother is taking the notes. I hope that’s okay. I just thought that we might want to refer to them later.”
There was a long pause that I had to fill. “Okay, I got this idea from Katie, actually. She said that we have to try to occupy our time, so I thought that we could start a few clubs. For instance, maybe we could have a book club for readers. We would all have to have the same book, but I think we could figure it out. After we read the book, we could get together at a certain time and discuss it for a half hour.”
A female voice responded this time. “Oh my gosh, I love that idea. We have kids here, maybe we could do something like that for them. They are getting very antsy.”
A different female spoke with enthusiasm. “Me, too. What about a book like Pride and Prejudice? Everyone has that one.”
About three people said they did.
 “Great, I love that one,” I said. “How about a three o’clock meeting of the book club in four days. Before we agree, would you say your name before you speak? That is a good practice until we get used to each other’s voices.”
 “This is Katie, and, yes, we should say our names every time we speak. And I would love to be in the book club. That’s a great idea, Laura.”
 “Laura speaking. I had a few other ideas. How about we have a few clubs having to do with how we are making do with the basic day-to-day living. What ideas you have for, let’s say, cooking. We don’t have a camp stove, so I have a great tip for making one with a can of beer and rubbing alcohol.”
 “Hi, I’m Shelby, and I really could use some help and ideas. We aren’t doing too well.”
 “Laura again, and that leads me to my final idea. I think that a support group would be helpful. Katie, if you could lead it…”
 “Katie here. Laura, when I meet you, I am going to give you a big, fat kiss. YES, I will absolutely lead a support group. Several, if we need to break up different problems. I will get started figuring out exactly how it can work and will give you the information at tomorrow night’s meeting. I am going to change the topic now. Laura, would you be able to lead the nightly meetings?”
“Laura here. Yeah I can do that.”
I really wanted to say no, I’m not qualified, but who is qualified to organize the post-apocalypse?
~~~
The rest of the meeting was setting up the sub-groups and meeting times. Annie stopped taking notes because it was getting confusing, but I will work to make sure the next meetings go smoother.
I am not exactly sure how this came about, but I am sort of looking forward to leading the meetings now that I think about it. Go figure.
 I am excited to reread Pride and Prejudice. It will keep me from thinking about what is going on. Yes, I want to figure out ways to make our lives work, but I know that I need to think of other things, too. Katie was right, and it’s something I have to work on about myself.
So, good night, dear diary. I am about to enter the world of Miss Bennet and Mr. Darcy, as it is much more pleasant than my present one.

July 21
After our morning coffee, hot this time thanks to the internet that is no longer working, we decided to clean up the mess in our house that was left in the wake of the attack. It has been so dirty and dusty that I think it is adding to our listless moods and bouts of coughing fits. Even Hershey is coughing and sneezing.
Thank goodness for the fake grass patch we found at the pet store for Hershey. He is confused why he is going “potty” in the house now, but it is doing the trick. Mark said that it is starting to smell some but he is able to clean it when he cleans our buckets.
It was time. I took a deep breath and opened the doors that lead to the stairs. I needed to know the severity of how badly we were hit in other parts of the house. In the downstairs level, I have spent all of my time in the living room and bathroom. On the second day, I peeked into one of the bedrooms, but it really was too dark to tell. I thought better of grabbing a flashlight and taking a good look at the time.
I am fully mobile again. My rib area still hurts, but it is not as debilitating as it was at first. I am getting better every day, but I fear that my poor Annie’s wrist is getting worse. I wish we could at least ice it. For the first few days, Mark had her putting the ice packs from the first aid kits on it, but those are only one time use items. She did try to keep them on, even after they were no longer cold, but she finally saw the futility in it and settled on just keeping the wrist wrapped.
But it’s not just Mom’s wrist that is worrying me. She looks so exhausted, and she is having trouble catching her breath. She didn’t mention this to Malcom when he asked, and I didn’t think it was a good idea to say anything at the time. I have decided that I will talk to the Doc about it privately, if and when a time presents itself.
I braced myself to inspect the house. First, I checked the three downstairs bedrooms, and then on to the upstairs.
“I need you to stay calm when you do this, Laura,” Mark said in his typical fashion. “I know how you get.” Errrr. I felt like blasting out a reply, but we have actually been getting along well since that day when life as we knew it disappeared in a mass of explosions. Maybe that is our silver lining in this horrific catastrophe. We can start again fresh now. We don’t need to make the same mistakes we did before.
“I’ll keep it together,” I said.
He brought over my tennis shoes. “Here, put these on.”
I picked up the lantern and turned it up to its brightest setting.
When I tried to open the door, the first thing I noticed was how hard it was. The debris that had settled in the carpeting was fairly thick. I pushed the door completely open. I heard a gasp coming from Annie, who was standing behind me.
One of our family jokes has always been about my mother, the neat freak. The girls and I would laugh at her obsessive cleaning of the kitchen counters and sweeping of the floors. We poked fun at the way she would re-sweep the entire floor if she found even a small speck. She always said that she enjoyed cleaning. I sure hope she wasn’t kidding.
Our room looked like a hurricane hit it. Ha, ha. I guess that expression will now be passé. So, I will correct myself for this new world we live in. It looked like a bomb exploded in there.
The bed was turned over and there was glass on the floor from the television and the full sized mirror we once admired ourselves in. Maybe it’s good that it is gone because I know I am a disheveled, dirty mess now.
I shut the door and moved on to inspect the other two bedrooms. It was more of the same.
I took a deep breath and opened the doors that led to the stairs. I was surprised to see that some of the wooden stairs were split and others were just gone. I made my way up carefully, skipping those that I could tell, even in the dim lantern light, would not be able to hold my weight. I stopped midway through. “Annie, you can’t attempt this. It’s too dangerous. Please, stay down there,” I implored.
“This is my house. I need to see the damage,” she argued.
“No,” I yelled. “You really don’t. At least, not now.”
I guess that she was not used to her mild-mannered daughter using that tone with her. I heard a “humph” and saw her go back behind the doors.
Poor Annie. I know this is devastating for her. She worked her whole life selflessly, and all she ever wanted was a beautiful home for her kids and grandkids. Now she doesn’t even know if the rest of her family is still alive.
Mark came from out of nowhere and grabbed me by my arm to support me, and a look passed between us. We both knew the severity of the damage. In that instance, I think we both knew that we were in this thing together for the long haul, despite our problems in the past.
When I got to the top of the stairs, I held up my lantern. Our house looked like a warehouse with rows of the plastic tubs that contained our food and water. We had moved most of the furniture from the kitchen into the formal dining room and the living room when we started to stock up. The containers of water were so heavy that they looked like they had stayed put pretty well during the shaking and the rolling.
“I got the food and other items back into place,” Mark told me. “Right there are the potty patches for Hershey. I used the baggies to clean his poop but there isn’t much we can do about his pee. I was going to use a cleanser on it, but I realized I can’t, because the smell would throw him off.”
“It’s okay, honey.” I wrapped my arms around his big chest and held on for a long time while I took in the scene. “You have done an amazing job here. I am sorry if I haven’t seemed grateful enough. Thank you. And from now on we will do it together.”
“You have been too hurt, Laura. I need to tell you how thankful I am that you are alright. When the rumbling stopped, I went over to you, and it was really bad. Sit down, Laura,” he pointed to one of the chairs that had weathered the storm.
“I didn’t tell you this because I didn’t want to completely freak you and Annie out, but when I lifted the table from you, you were lifeless. Annie was unconscious, but breathing.” He kneeled on the ground next to me. “Laura, you weren’t breathing.” He stopped speaking, and looked as if he was reliving it in his mind. “I started CPR, but I wasn’t getting a pulse. I just kept going, I don’t know how long for. It was like I was floating above us, looking down at myself, pumping your chest and breathing into your mouth. All of a sudden, you took a deep breath on your own. I checked and found your pulse. Then, I sat back and just crumpled into a ball next to you and cried. I cried like a baby, Laura.”
I knelt down with him, and we held each other, silently rocking, while the tears rolled down both of our faces.
“Laura, I am so sorry for everything from before…”
“Shh. I know,” I interrupted. He didn’t have to say another word.
Has the blast really wiped clean our past sins or are we just willing to ignore them?
~~~
We went back downstairs and started to clean. We made piles of things that were too broken to bring back to life to store in the guest room to take care of later. One pile would be for things we could burn in the fire place when we were able use it again. The other was just trash.
I wonder where we are going to put the trash now. Certainly, it would be sometime before we had an official garbage collector again.
I have mixed feelings about all of the things we lost. On one hand, we have our lives and our home. That’s really a lot if you think about what we went through. But what about the things that meant a lot to us? Most of our things that bring back treasured memories are now thrown about the house, mangled and shattered. Will we lose those memories in the future without the reminders?
I found our wedding album, ripped and dirty, but I think some of it can be saved. I wrapped it in a towel, placed it in an empty box, and stowed it away on a high shelf in the closest. This is going to be a sad process, but I wouldn’t let Mark see it on my face. How much more can he take?
I have begun to wonder what is left of our city. I sure hope that the furniture stores are okay. We are going to need a lot of new things, including a whole new set of china.
Mom has been trying to clean, but we have to keep stopping her. We ask her what kind of help she will be if her wrist does not heal properly. The questioning stops her for a little while, but then she is back up at it again. I wish she would just listen. I am worried about her.
~~~
When our meeting started, I realized I was the one who need to keep it on course.
 “Hi, everyone. This is Laura. Can we do a roll call?”
Everyone was present.
 “Thanks. How is everyone this evening?” I wasn’t sure why I asked. We were all the same; sad, terrified and facing the aftermath of probable global destruction.
 “I hope you have all been considering what kinds of groups and clubs you are interested in joining. Lizzie and I spoke, and she has a great idea. She wants to add a teen’s club and kid’s club. Neither of us was sure how many younger people we have. Lizzie has three kids; Pete is seventeen, Kristi is seventeen, and Ronnie who is nine. Do we have any other kids in our group?”
 “Hello, my name is Veda and my husband’s name is Pranav. We have three children, two girls and one boy: Chandra is sixteen years old, Gita fourteen years old, and Padma, who we call Paddy, is our thirteen month old baby boy.
 “Hi, I am Tiffany and my husband’s Robert. We have two kids: Jayden, twelve and Tommy, nine.”
 “Hey, Shelby and Matt here, and we have a two-year-old girl, Camella.”
 “Anyone else? Okay, I think that sounds like enough kids to start off some groups. Lizzie and I were talking, and we see some of these clubs lasting after we get out in a couple of weeks. I feel certain there will be plenty of people out there who don’t have walkies and will be ready for some new company. Lizzie has been helping me figure out schedules, so I hope you all have pens and papers, because she is going to give you the list and schedules. At the end of the meeting, stay on and you can sign up for the different groups.”
 “Here it is,” said Lizzie. She read off our list of clubs that were meant to keep our minds on things that were productive, enjoyable and/or positive.
“Monday, Wednesday, Friday at 9:00 A.M., channel one: Kid’s Club, to discuss video games, TV shows, movies and books.  Those are just suggestions you guys. You can talk about whatever you want, and no one will listen in unless they make their selves known.  And that’s a rule for all of the clubs.
“Monday, Wednesday, Friday at 8:00 P.M., channel three: Teen’s Club, to discuss whatever they want to talk about.
“Daily at 10:30 A.M., channel four: Survival Talk for anyone fourteen and up. This is where we will discuss survival tips, ideas and education, for now and when we get outside. We decided that this might be a little too much for the younger ones, but the teens could have some good ideas, so we hope they join too. In fact, we hope everyone fourteen and up joins. We think that the discussions we have in this group will be imperative for our survival.
“Monday, Wednesday, Friday at 9:00 P.M., channel five: Group Therapy, same age groups as the Survival Talk group. This is for all of us to get out some of the emotional hurdles we are overcoming now.
“Wednesdays at 3:00 P.M., channel six: Book Club, fifteen and up.
“Katie has also been so kind to volunteer for individual and couple’s therapy groups to be set up with her.”
 “All groups will start tomorrow since it is Monday. We will probably need to keep up with these group meetings, but we would like to change them to 7:00 in the evening to accommodate our new groups and clubs. When we get out, we thought we could change the times and dates and actually meet in person. That brings us to the next order of business. Do any of you have any questions, comments or needs that should be addressed immediately? Lizzie and I have realized that we haven’t opened up the floor for these topics.”
 “Hi, it’s Shelby. I am wondering what you are all doing about, umm, bathrooms?”
 “Okay, that’s something we could talk about in Survival Group, but it is definitely an immediate concern. My wonderful husband has been dealing with the toilets at our place, so I am going to let him explain what we have been doing. It has worked for us, so maybe you could modify it to work for you all. Before I have him start, is there any other business? Okay, so thank you, everyone, for your input. I think that we are really going to be able to help each other with these groups. And for everyone in the Book Club, I’m on page 270. So keep reading. Here is Mark.”
I just excused myself from the meeting.
I already talked about the toilets in this journal, so I don’t think I need to record it again. I am concerned that people haven’t worked this out yet. It has been six days since we had plumbing. I know I should be listening, but I am just too grossed out. I don’t want to hear their details. I just hope that they can make themselves some saw dust. Saw dust is the trick to keeping the smell under control.
It went well tonight. I am hoping more people will have a chance to talk with our new group setups. As one big group of twenty-eight people (if I have counted correctly) it is just too hard to have everyone talk. Not only would the meetings become too long, the walkie-talkie set up is not meant for meetings like this. We are making do, though, and everyone has been very polite.
Tomorrow is the one week anniversary of “it.” It seems like we have been living like this forever, but I am not going to complain. I know that our situation is better than some in our group.
And what about all of the neighbors who have survived but don’t have walkie-talkies? I blame myself that they don’t have what they need to communicate and maybe even survive. I have been selfish from the minute I saw the live video streams of D.C. and New York burning. That’s the truth. I scooped up my mother and her credit card and went out and bought tons of everything. What if others couldn’t find what they needed when they realized what was happening? Why didn’t I go to the neighbors’ houses sooner? Monterey is a fairly good size, and I barely hit a small percentage of it.
I remember the first time my mother took me, my big brother and my grandmother to see our new house way back when. The first thing I saw was a hanging sign announcing that this was the Monte Vista Village. There was a small strip mall that ran less than two city blocks in length. It consisted of a market, liquor store, a movie theatre and a few random businesses. The market and liquor store survived all this time, but they changed the movie theatre into a ballroom dance studio. It has actually built itself up pretty well over the past few decades. Now we have a bakery, insurance office, dentist, hair salon, Automobile Club, and the Elks Lodge, along with several hundred homes. What will it look like when we reemerge?
What if all of the other neighbors are dead because I didn’t help them when I could? Are we supposed to break into their homes and just take what we want? Or what if they left their houses because they didn’t know not to? Their deaths will be on my head. I know if I mention this to Katie she is going to tell me that my feelings are natural, and that I have survivor’s guilt, and she’ll be right, of course. Lots of people shell out tons of money to shrinks for them to tell them that whatever they are feeling guilty about is not their fault. But what about when it is their fault, how do they live with themselves?
Between getting started on fixing up the mess in our house and getting ready for the meeting, I’m pretty tired. Perhaps I’m not as healed as I thought I was. Our maybe it’s my guilt that has worn me down. I guess it doesn’t matter. Whatever it is, I’m beat.

July 22
Survivor’s Club Meeting Minutes:
Members in attendance:
Number One: Malcom, Katie Graham
Number Two: Shelby, Matt, Jessica Sheraton
Number Three: Liz, Pete Burgess
Number Four: Carrie, Samantha Santos
Number Five: Carlito Mendoza
Number Six: Tiffany, Robert O’Malley
Number Seven: Veda, Pranav, Chandra Raja
Number Eight: Tony, Angie Gianluca 
Number Nine: Laura, Mark Balous and Annie Patton
Number Ten: Jill, Joseph Richardson
“Wow, this is a great turn out,” I began. For some reason, today I was not so self-conscious speaking in front of the group. “I count twenty-one of us. So, because this was my big idea, I guess I should start off with what my goal for the group is. We all know that, with the best-case scenario, we are not getting out of our houses for seven days.  The good news is that we are halfway there. The bad news is we still have halfway to go. If you are like us, your houses are probably getting stuffy, smell and are still a mess from the strikes. We have nick-named our house the “tomb.” Don’t get me wrong, we love our place, it’s just hard to be stuck here under the circumstances. So, let’s come together three times a week and discuss ideas we have for making life more livable, now and later. Today, let’s just come up with topics. Who has one to get us started?”
 “Hi, it’s Carrie. I think one of the hardest things for my wife, Samantha, and I is living without electricity and plumbing.”
“Great, Lizzie is keeping the topic list. Did you get that, Lizzie?” I asked.
“Sure did,” said Lizzie.
“Next?” I asked.
“Hi, I’m Jessica. Food and water. I know that we had time to get ready for this, but we didn’t believe it was going to come to this. Where are the government and army?
“Okay, I hear two topics there. Food and Water is one, and what do we think happened to the government and military is the second. Those are really good. Okay, more topics.”
“Hello, I am Carlito Mendoza. I would like to talk about what we are going to do when we get out. Are we going to vote for people to be in charge?”
“So, you would like to talk about building a governing body of some sort. Then we will add that to the topics,” I said.
“Um, hi, I’m Chandra Raja. Do you think we will be able to go back to school? I know it’s summer, but what about in August? We are supposed to go back in less than a month.”
“So, what should we expect about getting our lives back on track in the near future is your question,” I said. “Will we be able to get back to our schools and jobs? These are all really good topics. I think we need to prioritize these.
“The one that strikes me as something we need to address today is Jessica’s food and water problem. Could you please expand on that, Jessica? What’s going on?”
Jessica’s voice was shaky. “We don’t have enough. I live here with my daughter, her boyfriend and their daughter. The baby’s only two. We make sure that she is getting enough water and food, but she is crying all of the time. It’s just not enough.” I could hear Jessica sobbing.
 “It’s not your fault, Mom,” said Shelby. “You see, we were going to go to a Red Cross Station so we didn’t think we needed to have enough for weeks. But when you and Jill came to our house, Laura, you made us decide to get a few more things. It was just too late. When the bombs were all dropping, we quickly put up some of the plastic from Matt’s construction stuff. You know the stuff they hang and stuff. But it is working, I think. We just kept layering it. We can’t see out the window, there is so much of it. But, yeah, we are hungry. I don’t think we can make it one more week.”
 “Let’s keep problem solving this as a group, but when we are done here, stay on and we will go over everything you have, and I will help you to measure out rations,” offered the doctor, Malcolm. “The baby has different needs, and we will go over all of that. If it gets too desperate, we might have to consider you or Matt going out to get some more food from one of our houses. Is there anyone else who is nearing the end of their food and/or water supplies?”
“Hi, this is Angie Gianluca. We are getting close, but we might be alright. Just no longer than a week.”
“I have read that you can drink the water from the water heater,” I said. “They can have between thirty and sixty gallons in them.”
“OH MY GOD,” yelled Shelby. “We have a giant water heater.”
“Yes you can, but you have to be very careful,” Malcolm said.
“I just grabbed Laura’s survival guide,” said Mark. I could see his energy was pumping now. “It says to turn off the circuit breaker first, ha, ha, ha. Matt, since you do construction this should be easy. You have to close the supply valve to keep the water clean…”
“Hi, Matt Harris speaking. I know how to get the water out, but there is usually sediment on the bottom. How do you make the water clean enough to drink?”
“The water should be okay to drink still,” said the Doc. “Let the sediment settle to the bottom, or strain the water through a small strainer.  If you can boil the water for at least twenty minutes it should be okay to drink.”
“You can also drink the water from your toilet tank,” I said. Who would have thought that my secret hobby would ever come in handy like this? “I would boil it if I had to use it, though.”
“Mom’s crying, but I know that she would want to thank you all so much. So do I,” said Shelby.
“Also, a human can live without water for three days or maybe more depending on your activity levels. I do recommend that you don’t exert yourselves too much. That will help with the food, too. Angie, will this information help you and Tony?” asked the Doc.
“We can do that. We’re okay,” Angie said.
“Is there anyone else who is concerned about their food and water supplies for the next week or so?” asked the Doc.
There was a pause. Since no one had anything else, I said, “We will continue with this topic and start on some of the others at tomorrow’s meeting. Thank you all for joining us. I hope the next time even more of you will participate in the discussions. Please don’t be shy. This information can literally save your lives. We will make it a goal to cover all of those topics brought up today during our next meetings.
“Laura, can we talk when Malcom is done with the Sheratons?” asked Katie.
“Absolutely, just ring me up ma’ friend,” I said.
Tears filled my eyes at the word “friend,” I am not sure if these friendships are just happening because we are afraid, but I don’t care. I need friends now more than I ever have.”
~~~
I took the walkie-talkie into our bedroom which is finally cleaned up enough for us to sleep in. We plan to sleep there tonight, no matter how cold it is. I need to be in my own bed.
“Hello, Laura. Are you there?” Katie asked.
“I’m right here, Katie. What’s up?” I said. Wow, I sound like I was casually answering my cell phone with a good friend. Now, if I only had texting and email, things might feel a bit more normal.
“I had a couple of things. First, I guess the Kid’s Club meeting didn’t work out very well. They couldn’t get themselves going; at least that’s what Lizzie told me. She was wondering if you and I could sit in on their next meeting,” said Katie with a giggle.
I couldn’t help but laugh. At least kids are still kids.
“Of, course I will. I think they will probably do better when they get together in person. The same with the teenagers,” I offered.
“You are probably right,” Katie said.
“Hey, Laura. The meeting was really good. I think you might have saved the Sheratons, so thank you,” Malcom said.
“I am glad I could help,” I said. I didn’t add that I just wish I had gotten to them earlier when I could have really convinced them to begin to prepare better. When we get out of here, I will make sure that they have everything they need to survive.
“What I wanted to talk to you about is that I plan to check the outside environment earlier than I had said.”
“When?” I asked.
“Thursday,” he said determinedly. “I am going to go out with the Geiger counter and check the levels and make some observations.”
“I have a Geiger counter that I should have been using all along inside, let me…” before I could go any further, I was interrupted by a deep, nasal, male voice. “Neither of you are gonna go out there.”
“Who is that, who’s there?” I asked, my voice rising with every word. This was supposed to be a private conversation. “What the fu…” I screamed. Before I could finish that not-so-clever phraseology, Mark and Annie ran into the room with an excited Hershey at their feet.
“What’s wrong?” Mark asked, his nostrils flaring.
“Who is that?” asked Malcom.
I took my finger away from the button and put my hand over the mic area, like one would do with an old landline so they could not be heard by the person on the other line. Some habits are hard to break.
“I don’t know. Someone has been listening,” I explained to a stunned Mark and Annie. Nowadays it’s much easier to stun people than in the past.
Mark grabbed the walkie before I had a chance to protest. “Who is this?” Mark growled.
“Don’t get your panties in a bunch. My name is Colonel Philip Jackson. I am the Commander of the Language School of Monterey Bay,” he said with authority.
“Say what? Why were you listening to our conversation? It’s none of your damn…” Mark pulled the walkie away from me again.
“Colonel Jackson, if it’s really you, then you know me, don’t you? Tell me something that wouldn’t be common knowledge,” Mark challenged.
“No, I don’t know you in person. You separated from the Army before I took the Command. But I know of you. There’s a framed news article about you hanging right outside of my office. Congratulations on being the first Sudanese soldier. Impressive article and nice picture. I have seen you in person, too. I bought the house across the street. It’s the one hidden on the hillside,” explained Colonel Jackson.
“Yes, sir. I am sorry I questioned you, sir. It is a tense time,” Mark apologized.
“You did exactly as you should have, relax soldier,” said Colonel Jackson.
Malcom chimed in here. “Um, I am not military, and I don’t care about rank. I’m not even sure we should trust you.  Why were you listening into our private channel?” demanded Malcom.
“Private channel?” Colonel Jackson chuckled dryly. “Channel thirteen isn’t private. Anyone could be listening right this minute, including the enemy.  May I ask why you trust everyone you have been talking to so far? You don’t really know them, do you? I have been listening in since day one. Well, you didn’t start until day two, did you?”
“I believe him, Malcom,” I said. “The fact he knew about the framed article on the wall up at the base is very convincing. We visited the former commander a few years ago and that is exactly where it is. The walls are lined with those types of news articles, but you would have had to have read it to know all of that. I also have seen a man in a big SUV pulling up the driveway right where he said. The man driving it was in uniform. He has gray hair. That’s all I saw of him.”
Colonel Jackson chuckled, amused. “I prefer salt and pepper hair.”
“Fine, so he is who he says he is. Why is he eavesdropping? He should have announced his presence,” scolded Malcom.
“Yeah, sorry about that Doc,” he said. “I wanted to make sure you all were legit. You can’t be too careful these days, you know? I also wanted to see how you people interacted, how you decided who would be in charge, who would listen in and not talk, that sort of thing.”
“No one’s in charge, Colonel Jackson,” I corrected.
“Heh, heh, heh. You are in charge, young lady,” he snickered. What a smug son of a bitch.
“No, I’m not. I am just trying to help organize. That’s all,” I said.
“Fine, can we get back to the Doc’s misguided attempt to be a hero and go out there? Like I said, neither of you are going out. I am,” he stated flatly.
“You don’t command us, Jackson. You know, you are rubbing me the wrong way, and I am a very patient man,” Malcom said. He was fuming. “I know what I am looking for, and you don’t.”
“Heh, and the Commander of a base hasn’t been trained for this? Doc, we can’t afford to lose our only doctor if it’s bad out there. And Laura, you’re a filmmaker who happens to have a Geiger counter. That hardly makes you an expert in air quality during a biochemical war, does it? Besides, you are the leader here, and we need to keep you safe,” he said.
I was steaming at this point. Mark shot me a cautious glance as I raised the radio to speak. “I am not the leader. I told you that,” I spoke out venomously.
“Yeah, okay, heh, heh, heh,” he chuckled.
What is up with that ‘heh’? It’s ridiculous.
“You’re the commander, so you are in charge.” I have never heard myself sound so childish. Whatever.
“Naa, you are,” he continued before I could get a word in edgewise. “As I was saying, I’m going out. We are all in the dark here, literally. We have no idea what’s going on out there. Maybe everything is just fine and life is going on like normal, and we are the fools who have boarded ourselves indoors. Have you thought of that?”
No, I hadn’t actually.
“Colonel, you and I both know the answer to that,” Malcom said.
 “You got me there, Doc. At 07:30, on Thursday, I am walking out my door to investigate. I advise that no one else walks through their thresholds before then,” he ordered. “I am pretty sure I know what I’m going to find, but we all need proof, even me.”
Mark nodded at me and I replied, “Sir, yes, sir.” He didn’t get to see my one finger salute. “And, by the way, announce yourself on the radio when you are listening in from here on out.”
“Ma’am, yes, ma’am.”
~~~
I don’t like that guy.
But I do trust him.
He was right; anyone could be listening in on our conversations. Maybe there is a way to prevent that, but for now we need to stay on point. The Doc’s declaration to go outside to check the environment threw me off. After giving it some thought, the Colonel is the perfect person to test the air.
I have to concede that he had some valid points. What if the enemy is listening in? What if they know we are here and are just waiting for us to go outside to shoot us down? We had completely missed that possibility.
Ugh, I have our nightly meeting, the Teen Club meeting that I will attend to help break the ice, and then the Therapy group; all almost back-to-back. Time was going slowly before we found the group; now it’s almost too busy. Go figure.
I think I might skip the Therapy group. I’m not really in the right mind set for it today.

July 23
I just had a very bad nightmare. I woke up in a sweat.
It hit me; I died in the war!
Sure, Mark brought me back, but I had no pulse, and I wasn’t breathing. So much had happened since he told me; I must have pushed it to the back of my mind. My subconscious brought it forward in the shape of a bad dream. The dream started out close to what really happened. My eyes were closed through much of the actual event, but my mind worked out the visuals, like it does when I am writing a script. But, on my subconscious’ plane of existence, Mark wasn’t able to bring me back. I watched on as he pumped my chest, knelt beside me and placed his lips on mine to breathe for me. I kept thinking that my lifeless body should respond, even kiss him back. He couldn’t bring me back, as hard as he tried. He wept at my side until I woke.
But I am not dead… now. My husband is lying next to me, sleeping soundly in our own bed. We are alright… for now.
No, we’re rolling again. Crap.
It felt like a tremor. Is all of this going to end well?
Annie and Mark are up now, too. Obviously.
Everyone came on the common channel one; the channel I designated for emergencies. It took a while to do our roll call. Everyone was groggy and scared. We ascertained that no one was hurt, and there was only minimal damage inside our houses this time.
I told everyone to take a deep breath and go back to bed. Easier said than done.
~~~
“Annie, Mark, can we talk?” I asked as I gestured towards the steaming cups of coffee that I had waiting on the counter, along with cereal with lukewarm powdered milk, yum.
They took the proffered seats, and Mark took a quick sip of the instant coffee before he asked, “What’s up?”
Today we are missing Survival Talk. This is much more important.
I didn’t even know where to begin. Too much has gone down, and we barely even discuss it as a family. But it was about time we did. And last night when we didn’t even talk about the earthquake was my final straw.
“I just want to be on the same page here, in our home. Annie, I know that wrist is giving you a lot of trouble, but you never say anything. You only hand over the can opener when you need something. But you rarely even ask for help. And it’s not just that, none of us really talk about our fears. We just go about our days. You first, Annie. What’s going on with you?”
“Okay, well, we had a nuclear war, than they dumped chemicals on us that can cause the plague and smallpox. The SMALLPOX! My house is falling apart, so much is gone. It’s everything I built in a lifetime, gone in minutes.  I can’t take a decent shower, I can’t make my family a decent meal, and I don’t know where my son and granddaughters are. And I am pretty sure my wrist is healing wrong. If we get out of here alive, I am going to need to be physically stronger, but I am not,” Annie poured out everything that she had bottled up at once. I asked for it, but I wasn’t ready for that much. That was my fault.
“Thank you. Let’s start at the beginning. The war and biochemicals,” I began.
“May I?” Mark asked. I nodded my head. “Annie, I know that the worst of the worst has happened. Let’s start with the nuclear aspects of the war. I think that it is fair to assume that San Francisco was hit by a nuclear bomb, just like all the big U.S. cities. That means that we are over two hours away from ground zero. Remember Japan’s nuclear plant meltdown? The news said that there were minimal radiation threats outside of twenty miles,” Mark stopped as if to figure out what to say next. He truly wanted to assuage Annie’s fear, but he didn’t have all of the facts. Neither of us did. I had to do something I didn’t want to do.
I grabbed the walkie and set it to channel thirteen.
“Jackson, are you there?” I begrudgingly asked.
“Hey, Laura. I am here, is everything alright?” said Katie.
“It is. I just needed to talk to the Colonel privately,” I said.
“Okay, sweetie. I’ll get off of this channel. Let me know later if you need anything.” Katie changed the channel, I was sure of that.
“Hey, Lurkie McLurkesen. I know you are there,” I prodded.
“Yep, I am,” boomed the deeply nasal voice. “And how may I help you this fine day, Ms. Laura?”
Err. You can bite me? Sigh. “I want you to answer some questions about nuclear fallout and radiation. What are we looking at here in Monterey under the assumption that SF was hit?” I asked directly.
“There are many variables, such as how many megatons were dropped. But we are 120 miles from there. I am going to be very honest with you all; there is the possibility of us getting some repercussions from the San Francisco hit. They could come in the bay, by the way of fish with radiation. But that isn’t what I am afraid of. The biochems are my real concern. I was listening in when you talked about that, and the Doc was spot on,” Jackson trailed off, maybe waiting for a question, but I think he guessed that I was trying to calm fears, not make them worse.
“However, I believe that the risk of the smallpox is minimal. It is believed that only small portions were ever saved for research. Now, I can’t promise, but that is what I have been told,” he said.
Wow, that wasn’t very convincing.
“Okay, thanks Colonel,” I cut him off before he made things worse.
“I hope that I helped a little,” he said sincerely.
“It did,” I said to reassure him.
I turned off the walkie, not wanting any more helpful outside information.
It was quiet while the three of us looked at each other, uncomfortably.
“What happened sucks,” I said firmly. “There’s no getting around it. The world, our world, is never going to be like it was before. It’s time that we all come to grips with it. Yes, we have many hard days ahead. We don’t know what to expect out there. What radiation sickness waits around each corner? Are the blankets laced with smallpox? Will we be playing ring-around-the-rosy with the plague?
“No one has the answers though. Not the doctor, the shrink, not the Army Colonel. No one knows. From here on out, life is what we, ourselves, make of it. Will we get sick? Maybe. Will we die of dehydration? I don’t know.
“I am sorry that your house is in such bad shape, Annie. I really am. But this wasn’t only your house. I grew up here. And you were not the only one to lose things that are intertwined with your memories. But, when we get out of here, I plan to rebuild this house. I’ll do it alone if I have to. Yes, we lost things that held our memories, but we haven’t lost our memories themselves.
“Annie, remember the time I was invited to my first party after we moved up here? I was so excited to be invited to a pool party. And remember what happened?”
“You came home with the worst case of poison oak. Your face blew up like a Thanksgiving Day float,” she said with a wide smile.
“Yes. See, you didn’t lose that memory. Right now the three of us have each other to help us remember. But if we spend the time we have together worrying about dying, we won’t live.”
Mark came over and hugged me, pulling Annie by the sleeve to join in a group hug.
I don’t think it’s the last Braveheart-style speech I will be delivering in the coming days.
~~~
Mark pulled me into our room when we were done with our family discussion. He led me to the edge of the bed and held me tightly for a few minutes.
“I thought that you and I could have our own talk,” he began. “So much has happened, and you are right, things have changed. I wanted to say that I am sorry about everything that happened before.”
“I know you are,” I said, nodding my head and looking in his eyes. “What is done is done. Now we all need each other more than ever.”
“I am here, for better or worse,” he said.
I drew him back on the bed and, well, there are some things I don’t have to tell you, do I, diary?
~~~
Tonight’s meeting was a difficult one. Thankfully, Lizzie has taken over the meeting minutes, so I was able to focus on an important topic.
Before I get to that, I did introduce Jackson to the group. I decided not to mention his lurking about our communications. I brushed over how we “met” him, and everyone was so excited to have a military man among them that they were content with the brief introduction. Good thing, because I sensed their mood was about to take a turn for the worse.
“I wanted to talk about our food and water rations,” I went straight to my point. “We are not certain how much longer we are going to be inside…”
“But you said that we would be in here for two weeks, and that’s what we rationed for,” Tony Gianluca started in on me.
“No, I said that it might be longer,” I answered defensively.
“But we are running out of everything,” said Shelby. “We are starving. And all we have to do all day is sit around and think of how thirsty and hungry we are.”
“I know that this is tough, but I have spoken to you all personally, and I believe that if rationed properly, like I have suggested, we will all make it until it is safe to go outside,” Malcom said. “We might have to hold on for a little bit longer depending on what the environment is like. I’m sorry.”
We started to cut back on food in our home even more than we had already. We have more than enough water, thanks to our tub purchases, but we are starting to run low on food.
“I know what you are feeling. Please remember that we are all in the same place, even the doctor. We might be uncomfortable, but we are not going to die,” I said.
“Hey, Colonel, what do you think of all of this? Are you cutting back?” asked Tony.
“I am. I made sure I had food for the long haul, but we don’t even know if the food outside will be safe.”
And that started a firestorm of conversation. Thanks, Colonel.
“What about my granddaughter?” exclaimed Jessica.
“You know, I have three kids, Jessica. I am just as worried about them,” said Lizzie.
“Excuse me, everyone hold on.” Joseph, who rarely spoke at these meetings, broke through the cacophony of moaning and complaining. “Each and every one of us is in the same boat. Don’t forget that. If the Doc says it’s not safe to go out, then it’s not safe, plain and simple. As for the food safety outside, we will cross that bridge when we come to it.”
Things settled down a bit, but I knew that everyone was on edge.
“Thank you, Joseph. You are absolutely right,” I said in a calm voice, hoping that would level out everyone’s emotions. “I think it is important to stay busy and try not to think about it. The Doc says that we will all be okay with what we have for now. I trust him.”
Katie, with her usual reassuring voice, took over. “When we are hungry, and know that there isn’t much food, our minds do something instinctual. We start to panic because our sustenance is what keeps us alive. The more we give into the panic, the worse we will feel. That’s why finding something else to keep your mind on is not just a recommendation, but a necessity. Keep reading. Veda and Pranav, you have a generator, keep the movies going for the kids as long as you can without threatening your supply of gas. Shelby and Matt, last night at therapy group you said that you were remodeling Camella’s room. Start to draw up the plans. Make them detailed. Jill said that Joseph, you fixed your ham radio. Use it. Start to clean up the rubble in your homes and rebuild what you can.
“Do you all see what I am getting at? We are very fortunate to be in our own homes. Don’t forget that.” Katie’s voice had crescendoed into a plea.
That settled people down. How dumb of me to ask the Colonel to chime in? Look what he did with my mother. And these people seemed way worse off than Annie.
“I have an idea of how to keep our minds busy, as well. How about starting a list of assets we all have? By assets, I mean things that we are good at, things that we have to help us stay alive, and things that we believe that we can contribute to the group when we get out,” I offered.
Things settled down after that, and people started to throw out ideas and get their thoughts organized.
So, that was the evening meeting in a nut shell. I am really afraid of how they are going to react when we tell them the truth about the possible biochemicals in the air.

July 24
Today was back-to-back meetings. In between meetings, Mark and I began to work on the broken staircase using some of the leftover wood from the boarded up windows. We have set up a little work room in my Annie’s formal dining room.
Katie’s theory about keeping busy wasn’t just to control the masses, it actually works. In a world of such plenty, like the one we all came from, there was always so much food to be had that we never had to wonder, “what-if?” And I am actually enjoying the work. It gives me a chance to think deeply while I saw and hammer. There is so much that we can do before our exodus to the great outdoors.
Meeting One: Kid’s Club
Keeping my word about privacy, I brought the walkie in the bedroom with me.
The kids gave me the first honest laugh I have had in a while.
“Hi, everyone. It’s Laura. I thought I would try to help you get the ball rolling with your club. I know that there are only three of you for now, but…”
“My mother told me I had to come,” Gita interrupted. “I’m fourteen, that’s a TEEN-AGER. I don’t want to be here.”
“You know, you are right, Gita. Tell your mother you belong in the Teen Club, if you want to,” I offered.
“Peace, out,” Gita proclaimed. She made me grin.
“So, that leaves us with two, which works out because you are both boys, and you are both nine years old,” I began the introductions. “Do you know each other from school?”
Tommy started. “No, I go to private school, he goes to public.”
Ronnie spoke up next. “So, you said that these clubs are private, and no one can listen in unless they tell us they are there, right?”
I hoped I was telling the truth when I said, “That’s right, Ronnie.” I left out the part that there may be some terrorists of some sort listening in.
“Then we can talk about s-e-x,” he spelled. “Right?”
The coffee I was sipping went up my nose as I half laughed and half choked.
“Um, um. Are you allowed to talk about that subject at home?” I questioned, trying to wiggle out of a true answer. Better to dump it back on the parents.
“Only to my mom,” Ronnie said.
“No, not at all,” replied Tommy honestly.
“It’s true we wouldn’t know that was what you were talking about. But since you aren’t allowed to talk about that stuff, I really don’t think you should,” I stated, hoping the topic would change soon.
When I was finished with my first meeting of the day, I changed the channel on the walkie to thirteen, and I sat in the living room with Annie and Mark to think for a minute.
Isn’t nine too young to be thinking about sex, especially in the middle of an apocalypse? I thought.
“Leave it to the parents, good one,” the voice chuckled.
“Oh, shut up, Jackson,” I snipped. “And the next time you listen in to a private meeting, I am coming over there with my hammer to hit you upside the head, and/or nail you into your house. I don’t care what kind of toxic sludge I have to go through. Do you hear me, Colonel?”
“Heh, I’ll leave the light on for ya,” he laughed.
I turned the thing off.
“I think I should be the one to go out and test the weather,” Mark said.
I was in total shock. Where did that come from?
“No, you are not going out there. I need you. Let that ass go out and die in it.” Before I even finished the sentence, I was mired in guilt by what I had suggested. With my head down, I whispered, “I didn’t mean that.”
I needed to get this thing with Jackson in check, right now. Ass or not, he was doing a very selfless thing by volunteering to be the guinea pig in what could be a toxic soup out there. Not just that, but I have never in my life talked to anyone that way.
Meeting Two: Survivor’s Club
After last night’s evening meeting, I wasn’t looking forward to the Survivor’s Club, but we had to be prepared to go there sometime, so I started out the meeting by posing a question that was likely to get everyone’s attention: do we need to have both an evening meeting and a Survivor’s Club?
This question was answered with a resounding “No, we don’t.” Everyone seemed relieved that we were going to change the name of the nightly meeting to The Evening Survivor’s Club, and a few people implied that I should have thought of that before. Huh. Like, I am supposed to have experience in this post-apocalyptic club universe.
And because we realized that we were on meeting overload on Monday, Wednesday and Friday, Therapy Group was moved to Tuesday and Thursday.
So, we got that far and decided to break until 7:30 to pick up from there.
With all of this BS, doomsday has started to look a lot like regular life. I am not sure if that’s a good thing.
Sigh, moving on…
Meeting  Three: Book Club
This is an easy one to explain. We talked about Pride and Prejudice. I am too tired to go into the whole discussion, but it was pretty typical of all of the other Book Clubs I have been in. I must admit that it was good to do something that reminded me of the past.
Meeting  Four: Evening Survivor’s Club
People mellowed out by 7:30, and we were able to have a productive meeting. Tonight’s subject, “Living without Electricity and Plumbing” wasn’t as bad as “Living without Food and Water.” We even got a laugh at how we all continued to flip the light switch every time we walk into a dark room. We also continue to open the refrigerator door when we are hungry and turn on the faucet to wash our hands after using the “facilities.” We are just a bunch of trained howler monkeys, aren’t we?
Meeting  Five: Teen’s Club
Ahh, my final meeting of the day, and I have no idea at all how to talk to a bunch of angsty teens about living through the end of the world. This must be really tough on them. Not only are they dealing with all of those hormones, but now they have to try and figure out their place in a world that isn’t even a world anymore.
In attendance we had Jayden, who is twelve and was supposed to be at the Kid’s Club this morning, but, according to her, “she’s not a baby and isn’t going to meet with two little boys,” Chandra, sixteen, who was forced to come to the meeting by her parents, Gita, fourteen, who was the only one happy to be at the meeting and finally Kristi, age fifteen, and Pete, age seventeen, who would sit and listen but “aren’t gonna say a word.”
Maybe I should be the one to volunteer to go into the toxic ooze.
So, that productive meeting broke up after fifteen minutes.

July 25
It’s early, but I think that all of us “in the know” are nervous about this morning. The Colonel is going to go outside and see what it is like in just a few hours. Annie, Mark and I, along with the Grahams, will be glued to channel thirteen. I made us some oatmeal and coffee for breakfast as we waited.
~~~
The morning was dramatic, to say the least.
At exactly 7:30 on the dot, Jackson came on the walkie. “I have already taken down the wood over my front door,” he said. His voice sounded official, not like the laughing jerk I have gotten used to… heh. “I am wearing protective eye wear, goggles, thermal underwear over my wet suit, a ski jacket and a ski mask.”
A ski mask, I mouthed to Mark. He shrugged.
“You’re going to pass out,” I said.
“We already discussed this,” interjected Malcom. “He needs to stay as protected from the air as much as possible.”
“I have my Geiger-Muller counter ready to go, and I am about to open the door,” Jackson continued, as if he were recording official findings into a recorder. “One small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.”
“That’s sexist,” I said. Annie hit me on the arm playfully. We all held our breath and waited. It seemed like forever, but no one interrupted the silence.
“Back inside for the moment. It’s raining. Acid rain, maybe. It burned where it hit my wrist, the only part of me that was exposed. I’m going back…” he began.
“No you aren’t,” Malcom ordered. “Keep your ass in that house.”
“No can do, Doc,” he broke character from Mr. Scientist. “I have to bring food and water to the Sheratons. Talk when I get back.”
“No,” Malcom began to protest.
“He’s gone and I’m sure he didn’t take the walkie with him,” I said.
“God damn it. Everyone switch to channel one. I have to warn the Sheratons.”
About a minute went by.
“This is Shelby,” she finally answered.
“Shelby, this is Dr. Graham.  Colonel Jackson is bringing you food and water. Have Matt get down whatever it is that is covering your door so he can get in and out immediately.”
“Oh, my God,” said Shelby.
“I’m on it,” said Matt, with urgency.
My face went hot, and I was getting light headed with worry. This was so stupid of him.
“Don’t be shocked when you see him. He is wearing a lot of protective gear. Shelby and Jessica, take the baby into the furthest room in the house and leave Matt with the walkie, now,” I could hear the stress in the Doc’s voice. This must be much worse than I had realized. “Matt, grab some gloves, and when he gets to the door just take the stuff and shut it immediately when he walks out. Don’t worry about being polite. He will understand. Put what you can into the bathtub and use some of soap and the water you have left to rinse the containers. Don’t worry about the water, he is bringing enough.”
“He’s here,” said Matt.
“Okay, go,” urged the Doc.
Minutes passed, and we heard nothing from either of them. We knew what was happening, yet waiting was still excruciating.
“Okay, got it,” said Matt.
A few more minutes went by before we had our next transmission.
“I’m home. Snug as a bug in a rug,” said Jackson, not at all contritely. “I’m going to wash. This is Jackson, over and out.”
“Son of a bi…” I stopped myself.
“Heh, I heard that, Laura,” he said.
How did this guy get to be a Colonel? He’s a loose cannon.
~~~
Later in the day, we all got on the walkies to talk about Jackson’s findings.
“My readings were above 1,000 CPMs, that’s clicks per minutes,” Jackson started.  “Like I said, it was raining and it burned my skin.”
There was a silence that I was more than happy to break. “Well, that’s what it’s supposed to do, right? Acid burns, so acid rain burns, right?”
“No, Laura,” said Malcom. “Acid rain doesn’t burn the skin, and you can’t feel or taste it, either. This is something more, something worse.”
This time I was the silent one.
“So, does that mean we can never go out?” I finally wondered aloud.
“No,” said Malcom. “I am not sure what caused the burning, but what I hope is that the rain is washing away some of what was released into the atmosphere.”
“What about the 1,000 CPMs?” asked Mark. “What does that mean?”
“It’s high,” explained Jackson. “But it could be worse. We need to get some readings when it’s not raining to give us an idea of where we are at.”
“But how are we going to know when it stops?” I asked.
“Easy; I am going to be checking,” said Jackson.

July 25
We asked the Sheratons not to mention their visit from Jackson to anyone.
Our nightly meeting went by unremarkably, and yet I have been unsettled. I am glad we didn’t let Annie in on these walkie conversations. She would be driving us mad with questions we had no answers for.
Mark has been understanding of my mood today. Generally, we try and stay together in the living room until bed time so that we can share one lantern, but tonight we retired early.
“Are you alright, honey?” Mark asked. “You have been so quiet today.”
“I’ve been thinking about what happened this morning and what it really means,” I said, careful to keep my tone low so that Annie could not hear. “We can’t stay inside indefinitely. And when we finally can go out, will we start growing another set of arms or tentacles or something?”
“No, but Doc tells me that we will go blind, but to compensate we will gain an extra sense,” he said trying to keep a straight face.
“And what sense would that be?” I asked.
“Um, we will all be able to see with our toes now,” he laughed at his own stupid joke.
I pushed him playfully, and we hugged. Trying to keep up a happy façade was a strain, but we were working at it.

July 26
It has been twelve days since our lives drastically changed forever with the news of the first devastation, but I woke up this morning in my own bed, and for few minutes, I had completely forgotten. I hate the feeling when everything comes rushing back to you. It’s sort of like it’s happening all over again.
~~~
“Hey, Malcom, Laura, pick up. It’s Jackson and I need to talk to you.” His big voice boomed through the living room.
“I’m here,” I said.
“We are, too,” replied Katie.
“I was checking the other bandwidths, and I discovered something. There are other survivors in our neighborhood. Around twelve of them were talking, I think. And those were just the ones talking. If they have families, we are talking a lot more,” Jackson said.
“Are they okay?” It was the only thing I could think to ask in my shock. How did we miss this?
“They are alive. I interrupted their conversation, and they couldn’t believe we were here either. But I have to tell you, they are,” he paused, looking for the right words. “They are not in good shape, Laura.”
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“They aren’t doing too well. They told me about fifteen others who decided to go outside early on.” He gently continued. “Those people are dead.”
Tears formed in my eyes. I didn’t know those people, and I wasn’t even aware of their existence. My rational mind knew that millions upon millions were also likely dead, but those people were my neighbors; ones I hadn’t talked to when I went door to door because I didn’t start early enough. Annie came over to comfort me, but I pulled away. I didn’t, don’t, deserve comfort.
“You aren’t responsible, Laura,” said Katie. How did she know that’s what I was feeling?
“How are the survivors?” asked Malcom.
“Some are doing better than others. Some were part of the group Laura talked to in the beginning, so they had done some prep. Like us, they didn’t think about different frequencies and bandwidths. They just assumed that the others were dead,” said Jackson.
“Did they tell you why those people went outside in the first place?” asked Annie.
“It seems that a few of them didn’t believe that there was any danger in it,” he answered. “And others went out when their food and water ran out. That first group died shortly after they returned to their homes. They didn’t get much information from them. The second group lasted a little longer than the first. It sounds like they died from Yersinia pestis.”
“The plague,” Annie said, as her voice trailed off in fright.
“So, now what do we do with this new group?” Mark pressed on.
“They are… angry,” continued Jackson. “All they wanted to talk about was how we were going to retaliate against our enemies.”
“Against the countries that attacked us?” asked Malcom. “That’s insane.”
“I tried to tell them that; to get them to understand that we most likely have no government left and very little organized military, but they wouldn’t listen. They kept saying it was my job to get their asses moving,” Jackson’s voice was becoming more and more angry. “I have been trying since the minute we were hit to reach anyone. I do have a variety of airwaves and electronic devices that I am using, but I have not reached a single person in the government or military. We are on our own, folks.”
“We have to figure out a way for both groups to come together,” I said. “We have been keeping some things from our people so that we didn’t scare them, but now we need to tell them everything before the other group does. If that happens, our people will lose it just like the others. I won’t let that happen.”
~~~
Emergency Meeting:
“Hi everyone,” I began the meeting. “As of yesterday and this morning we have had a few events that we wanted to bring to your attention. Yesterday morning, Colonel Jackson voluntarily went out to check on the state of the atmosphere. He is trained to do readings and has a great deal of knowledge about the possible problems we may run into outside. I will relinquish the floor to him so that he can give the current state of the outside environment. Colonel…”
“Thank you, Laura,” he started. I warned him to use his official, PR demeanor so that he could keep things under control. He went on to explain what he discovered on his trip to the Sheratons. I was a bit nervous that, by telling everyone that he went to take provisions to them, we would have people asking for food and water they might not need at this moment to stock pile for the future. Thankfully, that did not happen. As he talked, I composed my thoughts and came up with several replies for the questions and comments our group might have. The first came soon enough.
“This is Samantha Santos, and I have a question. Why didn’t you tell us that the Colonel went out yesterday after it happened, or better yet, why didn’t you discuss it with us before the decision was made?”
“I’ll answer that,” said Jackson. “The topic was not up for debate. I had made up my mind that we needed to know if it was safe to go out yet. I am the most trained person to do so.”
“Then why didn’t you tell us that the rain water was so bad that it burned your skin?” asked Samantha’s wife, Carrie.
I had decided that I wasn’t going to keep this potentially frightening information under wraps anymore. We all have to deal with reality, ready or not. “We were concerned that several of you would not take the news well, and honestly, I am not prepared for a mass freak out.”
“What I think Laura is getting at is, if too many of you became so terrified by the information that you might stop functioning, then we might not be able to come together and problem solve like we have been,” explained Katie.
“That’s part of it,” I continued. I wasn’t going to hold back anymore. “But there is more to that. I believe that our fates are intertwined. We are no longer neighbors who barely nod to each other as we pass on the street. I believe that if we don’t survive as a group, we don’t survive, period.”
I stopped and waited for any responses. None came.
“Let’s take the worse possible scenario,” I pushed forward, not knowing if I was going too far and not caring if I was. “Let’s say that we are the only people who emerge from this alive, at least in this area. If we don’t come together, that means we are all on our own. Some of us might go out and get what we need to survive, but some might not have those skills. Those people would start to get hungry and thirsty, bringing forth their most animal instincts. This would cause people to defend what they have and start to murder for what they don’t have.”
“Don’t you think that’s a little exaggerated?” asked Robert.
“No, actually it’s not,” answered our war expert, the Colonel. “I have seen a lot of horrible and gruesome things during my long time in the army, and the one thing that comes back to haunt me every time I see people fighting for survival. Humans will do anything to live,” Jackson finished delivering the cold, hard truth.
I took a long breath in, preparing for what came next, but it didn’t come. Everyone must have been digesting the Colonel’s truths.
“I have to tell you something, though,” Jackson must have believed he was getting through to them. “You are very lucky to have a leader like Laura.”
Wait a minute, what the hell was he doing now? STOP, I silently screamed, but it was too late.
“I have never met a civilian with such an intuitive ability to lead under extreme duress,” he finished.
“I second that,” said Katie, thus pounding the last nail into my coffin.
No one protested.
I know now that I no longer have a choice. I am the ipso facto leader of this small band of survivors. I had to do what I had to do. And, at that moment in the meeting, it was to convey the last piece of information to these people.
“This morning Colonel Jackson found another radio bandwidth where more of our neighbors are communicating. He has told them about us and has gathered information from them, as well. Colonel Jackson,” I ordered him to proceed.
I was quiet while he explained the communications he had with the people outside of our immediate group. He was forcing me to set him up as some sort of position below him; as if I was the President, and he was my Secretary of Defense. Why?
Finally, I explained that the newest members of our group would be joining us tonight for our evening meeting of the Survivor’s Club because, after all, they are survivors, too.
I just wish I knew what to expect from this new group of no longer lost neighbors.

August 8
For the first few days, integrating the new group in with our preexisting one was logistically confusing, but nothing of great consequence was mentioned by them. Strangely, this other faction has seemed to accept me as leader, too. It must have been Jackson’s doing. Again.
Everything has been really busy since the new group showed up. And it’s not just the combining into one bigger group. We have been making preparation for the next phase.
Jackson had been checking the atmosphere and he and Doc have concurred: it’s time.
Tomorrow we are going outside.













Part II: Surviving the Outside

August 9
I got up early this morning. I have been sleeping in from the beginning of all of this, but that is probably over now.
I got up early to wipe the layer of grunge off of myself with a wet wipe. We have been talking about a shower system and the engineer, Thomas Stevenson, thinks he might have come up with some ideas. I can’t wait for a real shower.
I put on make-up for the first time in almost a month. So much can change in just one month. I barely recognize my reflection. I have lost some weight, which is great, but my face looks sunken in now. I look a little like a refugee you see on the news. I guess I am a refugee of sorts now; we all are. =
“You look beautiful,” Mark lied.
“Right,” I smiled at him.
“I’m about to start taking down the boards from the windows. I can start in here, first. Ready for the grand opening?” he asked.
“Only since the minute you put those things up,” I retorted.
“Well, here I go. Enjoy your new view,” he said.
“Ahh!” we both yelled in unison.
A bright, white light shone in through the broken window. Had the world become brighter, or were our eyes that unused to natural light? I hope it is the latter.
The air was brisk as it rushed over my skin. I closed my eyes and breathed it in deeply. The stench of our house had gradually become worse, but we had been getting used to it. Now, juxtaposed with the cool, “fresh” air, I don’t think I could ever go back to living that way. From my lips, to God’s ears, the saying came to me from my early upbringing.
I called Annie into our room. She winced at the light, but had the same reaction we had had to the great outdoors.
The three of us stood in front of the window, eyes closed, and just breathed. We were holding hands. Tears rolled down my face.
While Mark finished with the windows and doors, I got ready for what was going to be a very long day.
An hour and a half later, we were all standing at the front door, hesitant to go out. It still seemed taboo. I took the initiative and crossed the threshold. We were leaving in plenty of time, so we stood there until our eyes adjusted to the sun light.
When they did adjust, we were in for a startling view. The beautiful brick staircase in front of Annie’s house leading to the street level was destroyed. The hillside that lay on either side, the one that contained a beautiful garden, thirty years in the making, had completely eroded. Only one rose bush remained. It bowed its head in shame.
I cautiously looked over at Annie, waiting for her reaction. She simply grabbed the existing railing and began to hoist herself up the hill. In shock at her nonchalant reaction, Mark, Hershey and I followed.
The street level view was no different. The road had buckled some, but was still drivable if you were careful.  One of the houses down the street had completely slipped off of its stilts and had slid down the hill. It was still right side up, but I wasn’t sure that anyone could be living in it like it was. The windows were still boarded up.
I looked out at what had been Monterey, my Monterey. The previously tree-obscured view was now open. The trees had mostly fallen, but that was not really what had my attention.
The greatest shock came when my eyes finally adjusted to the day light. The sky was gritty, like after a forest fire. The filthy layers floated above us, casting an eerie orange hue over everything in sight. Even though it had been weeks since the bombs hit us, there was still ash floating visibly through the air. It scorched my nostrils and my eyes watered furiously trying to rid themselves from the scratchy, burning sensation. When I took one big breath, my lungs squeezed tightly, causing me to break into a coughing fit.
Everything, as far as the eye could see, was affected in one way or the other. Some buildings were completely flattened and almost all of them had broken windows. But my neighborhood, while broken, was not destroyed. It looked like it was the only one.
Breathing deeply to keep back an ensuing panic, I headed down the hill to the home of my dear friends, Jill and Joseph. I suppose no one who remained would ever again be able to say that they didn’t know their neighbors.
As we approached the apex of the hill we lived on, I saw Jill, her hand over her visor, still having difficulty seeing. I ran to her, screaming her name.
“Sweetie,” She took me into her embrace. “You are a sight for sore eyes, literally,” she said with a chuckle.
I bent over to deliver a kiss to Joseph’s cheek.
“Hello, sweet girl. We couldn’t wait to see you,” he said. How things had changed in a month.
Mark came up behind me with his hand lowered into a hearty hand shake with Joseph, while Annie and Jill hugged and cried.
The six of us started towards the Elk’s Lodge, with Mark controlling Joseph’s wheelchair down the hill. As we went, we saw a couple of our neighbor’s acting out the same reunion that we just had. I didn’t recognize some of them, but I raised my arm and waved a big hello. They returned the same.
My little tribe was the first to make it to the Lodge. We wanted to get down there early and check on its condition. The windows had been blasted out, as we had expected, but it was better than most buildings we could see. It helped that it sat in a small valley, but was on flat ground and surrounded by that huge parking lot.
When we got to the building, we spread out and looked inside the open windows. Some of the furniture seemed to have made it through with minimal damage and the kitchen looked great, considering.
We carefully passed the broken glass and went inside. On the left of the entry was one of those rolling metal chair racks, with around thirty folding chairs still hanging on. Jill and I each took a corner and rolled it outside toward where Joseph waited.
“This is a good start,” I said. “I think everyone will be happy to have the meeting out here, anyway. We’ll get a group together to clean up inside right away.”
We proceeded to set up the chairs facing away from the warming sun. Mark went back inside and emerged with a rolling, wooden platform that functioned like a stage. I ran over and helped him move it to rest in front of the chairs. Next, he brought out a dry wipe board with some markers. This place was perfect for meetings. I guess I knew that when I went to talk to Ed No-Last Name that day.
I went inside to scope out what else we could use. I came to an office, and on the heavy desk still stood a wooden name plaque. Ed Smith. Smith, it figures. “You will always be Ed No-Last-Name to me,” I said out loud.
I rejoined the growing group, and sat in a chair that had been placed on the stage. Hershey, who had followed us the whole way, took his place beside me, but rather than lying down at my feet, he sat and watched as the people filed in. He acted like all of these people were coming together to see him; that he was in charge. Part of me wishes he were.
I watched each face as it came down the hill and toward the crowd. Even though there was so much destruction in our midst, almost everyone had a smile on their face when they viewed the gathering of their living neighbors.
At exactly 9:00 A.M., we started our first in-person meeting under the dark orange and gray skies.
“Hello,” I stood and spoke in the loudest voice I could muster. As I did, I saw the Colonel make his way down the hill in his fatigues and dark sun glasses. He was the last to join us, of course.
I was surprised that he was actually rather good looking for his age. I had only seen him once, driving by us before the attacks. He shook Mark’s hand as he politely stood to greet him. And when he stood by Mark, I was surprised at how much shorter he was than my husband.
“For those of you who recognize the voice, but not the face, I’m Laura Balous and I can’t tell you how happy I am to see every single one of you.”
An unexpected cheer rose from over forty of our neighbors. They came in all different shapes, colors, sizes and ages, and every single one of them was a beautiful survivor. I had to stop and compose myself before going on.
“Sorry, just a little farklempt,” I said with a smile, my hand to my throat. A little cautious laughter came from my audience.
“Most of us probably never thought that we would make it to this day. We have all been released from our tombs,” I waited while they let out a bigger, knowing cheer. “I know that things don’t look the same anymore. As much as we tried, we could not have prepared ourselves for this.” I felt the mood change as my words became serious.
I continued, “And although we have not been able to look each other in the eye during this time, we have surely pulled each other through our darkest hours until this moment. We have been each other’s support, teachers, friends, and family. I can’t wait to get to know each one of you personally.” Again, the loud cheers came, this time with a roar.
I had been practicing the speech nervously in front of the mirror all week, but as I stood there, my stage fright disappeared. The faces looking up at me were warm and understanding. They were also the faces of people who were desperately looking for someone to lead them. Simply put, they wanted to trust me, so they did.
“As I look out over the scorched and broken landscape that used to be our beautiful home, I hurt. And I know you do, too. As far as the big picture, I am not sure where exactly we go from here. I can’t tell you that we can clean this all up and make it just the way it was. You know that, too.
“What I can tell you is that if we work together, we might survive for a while. And I can only hope that we might even find a way to continue to do so into the future,” I looked at the faces that now wore a hint of disappointment. They wanted me to tell them that we will do more than just survive; they wanted me to tell them that everything is going to be just as it once was. I wouldn’t lie to them.
“I don’t need to tell you to not give up hope. If you had, you wouldn’t be sitting here today. We all survived our first test, but I suspect that is just one of many more. But just because we made it through the dark and back into the light, it does not mean that we are destined to continue. All we can do is work hard, and work smart.
“So, today we will be breaking into smaller groups so that we can get right down to business. Lizzie and I compiled a bio of each member of the neighborhood, and from that we placed you all into groups where it made sense. These lists will be taped to the wall of the building. I know that this has been called ‘The Elk’s Lodge,’ but now it will be called ‘Town Hall.’” I handed the lists in my hand to Lizzie.
“Now, I would like to introduce you to Colonel Phillip Jackson. He has been an important part of us all coming together,” I said. Jackson walked up on stage, shook my hand and gave me a strange look. Do I look different than he thought I would? I thought he said he had seen Mark and I before.
Just before he began to speak, he turned and stared into the distance. I followed his gaze until I saw what looked like a small parade of ants in the distance. As if on cue, our audience craned their necks and gasped.
It was people, more survivors.
They had heard our noise, the noises of life, and had begun to come out of their homes and make their way toward us. They were dirty, disheveled and bewildered, but they were alive.
“Come,” I screamed out. And they did.
~~~
Now, in front of an audience of at least eighty-five people, I stood. I was dumbfounded; unable to speak.
“Hello, neighbors,” said the Colonel. He seemed unfazed by the large number of people who had joined us. Had he expected them? “I am Phillip Jackson, and this is Laura Balous. She has been leading a group of us using walkie-talkie channels from our homes. Please join us.” I don’t think that the fact that he left out that he was a colonel in the army was an oversight.
Mark had already started to bring out some more folding chairs with some of our others. He beckoned them to sit down, and with startled glances at our group, they did.
I composed myself and continued on. “Welcome, neighbors and friends. Please have a seat. I can’t tell you how happy I am to see you.”
And I was.
~~~
For the next hour, I did my best to update our new arrivals on what had occurred with our group over the last month. Most of them sat motionlessly, some cried. I can’t imagine what these poor people had been through. It goes to show you, that no matter how bad off you think you are there is probably someone who is still worse.
We broke into the groups that I was trying to convene earlier.
The group of about ten, all of whom belonged to our original walkie group, comprised of most of the Council. They followed me to the house below ours that belonged to the Rajas, as we no longer had a front entrance. We broke through a portion of the back fence that still stood and made our way up more stairs to the living room that held my family’s food, water and emergency supplies.
“Wow, I knew you were ready, but not like this,” said Lizzie.
“Please, help yourself to some water and crackers,” I said.
My mother, who had once been concerned about inviting Jill over for one dinner, happily handed out the cups.
Once everyone settled in, we began.
“I hope you all enjoyed your crackers and water. Can you imagine if this were served as refreshments before?” I started with a joke. There was polite laughter in response. “There goes my stand-up comedy career.” This time there was actual laughter.
“The Colonel will start this meeting. Apparently, he didn’t clean his bachelor pad, so I invited you here. And, without further ado, Mr. Jackson,” I said in my best MC voice.
“You never know, Laura. Maybe this leadership position won’t work out,” he jabbed back at me. The group laughed. Only I realized this might not have been meant as a joke.
“You all saw how many new people joined us today. If my suspicions are correct, we have at least that many people who are still too afraid to leave their homes. We have several problems with this. First, we don’t know who is afraid of the environment and/or enemies lurking around, and, second, which homes contain only the dead,” he said more bluntly than I was ready for.
I hadn’t thought of that. I have never seen a dead body, and I would like to get around seeing them now, but something tells me that’s unavoidable anymore.
Jackson ignored the expression I realized I must be wearing and continued. “This is going to be a two-pronged attack,” he stated. I didn’t think that the word “attack” was appropriate, but I didn’t interrupt.
“First, we need to get out there and get noticed so people will know we are here. After we have lured as many people out of their homes…” he continued. Strike two on word choices. We are not going to “lure” people out.
Jackson handed me a printed script. “Here is what we are going to say using bullhorns. I have my daughter’s bullhorn from cheerleading, and believe it or not, we had two more on our ‘assets’ list. That makes three bullhorns. We have one golf cart from Mr. Gianluca, and two motorcycles to use. I am hoping that people will hear the motorcycle engines and curiosity will get the better of them.”
Jackson has a kid?
“Liz, would you please add Jackson’s printer, the generator he must have used for power when he printed these, and his bullhorn to the list of assets?” I asked.
He continued. “We will be using this script to try and get their attention:
“We are United States citizens. We are assembling to rebuild. We are not the enemy. Please come out and we will take your information.”
That was awful. Strike three.
“I will have a revised script in the morning,” I said. Jackson looked surprised, but if he wanted me to do this job, I had to do it right.
But he quickly took back the reigns. “I will be in the golf cart with Ms. Balous. On the motorcycles will be Matt driving and Shelby with bullhorn on back, and on the other will be Samantha driving and Carrie using the bullhorn on back. Here are your mapped out routes.” He handed me one.
I looked up at Mark to see his reaction to not being part of the outreach party. For a minute, I thought I saw steam coming out of his ears. I knew it was not just about being left out of an adventure around the neighborhood.
I thought it best that I scold him again. “And once more, Lizzie, would you please update our asset list? This time, add one mapping computer program,” I said. This is just work, plain and simple.
The group we had assembled at our house was made up of many of our most trusted members, thus making up the Council. They were the inner circle, at least for the moment. However, the Doc and Katie, Jill and Joseph had their own groups to contend with.
Katie and Malcom were hosting the Committee of Medical Professionals. Between the new group of walkie-talkie people the Colonel had found a couple of weeks ago and the stunned refugees that we just welcomed this morning, there were over a half dozen with some type of medical background. That’s not surprising, considering how close to the hospital we lived. They ranged from oncologists to radiologists, with several nurses and two ER docs. My heart sung Hallelujah when I discovered this.
I put Jill and Matt in charge of the Rebuilding Committee. With her background in architecture and his in construction, they made the most sense. I am not sure why, but the Monte Vista neighborhood had a nicely sized population of people in construction. And from what I saw today, we are going to need it.
After the committees had adjourned for lunch in everyone’s own home, Annie, Mark and I fell on the couches at basically the same moment, causing us all to laugh. We were already tired, and we were just getting started.
Several other committees were going to meet after lunch. Annie was looking forward to leading her Food Committee. That is when Mark, Jackson, Lizzie and I were going to really survey the neighborhood.
Fortified with a lunch of cold canned potatoes for carbohydrates, Mark and I made our way out again. We meet with Jackson and Lizzie at the Town Hall, and we all agreed that we wanted to see the strip mall first. After what we had seen, we were all afraid of how it had fared.
We walked in between what remained of the auto-club building and the town houses. I did a double take when I saw that they were still there. Some were minus all doors and windows; however, many had boarded-up windows. It made me think of what Jackson had warned us of earlier. I let my morbidity of thought take hold, wondering how many of these once beautiful little places housed the dead. I also imagined the living holding their ears to the wood, listening to us as we passed.
We all gasped when we came upon it.
The strip mall stood up better than anything else. The windows were broken, but the buildings looked fairly intact. Of course, the boat that rolled into the parking lot from someone’s driveway was new. I walked up to the market and looked through the sharp teeth of glass that remained. The smell hit me all at once. It was decaying food, and there was a putrid smell I couldn’t identify.
 Everyone started scattering in different directions, pulled by something they saw.
In front of the store was a coin operated newspaper vending machine that stood on its side.
I stared at it for a long moment, and then I started laughing, and I couldn’t stop. Tears started to roll down my face, and I crouched on the ground, holding my stomach. When everyone ran to me worried about my obvious mental breakdown, I pointed to the newspaper inside of the machine.
The headline from the day the world ended was “FINALLY, Hope for Downtown Monterey.”
Lizzie, Jackson and Mark all sat down with me. They started to chuckle, but it soon became a loud roar of laughter and release.
“Shh,” I put one finger to my mouth. “We will wake the dead.” And, funny or not, that made them laugh even harder.
I walked into the store through the broken glass door, grabbed a box of wine, and then I went around until I found the paper cups. I rejoined them as they were just finishing up their group laugh.
I poured everyone a glass and held up my cup. “Here is to the hope for downtown Monterey.” We all toasted with our paper cups. We suddenly looked at each other and became quiet.
As soon as Jackson took a sip, he turned his head and spit it out on the sidewalk. I hit him on the arm, and he said, “What? Like it matters now? I’m glad I have my wine cellar still. Some of the bottles survived.”
“Phillip,” said Lizzie. “I sure hope you are planning to share the wealth.”
“I might be convinced,” said Jackson.
I smiled, relieved at their flirtation. I put my head on Mark’s shoulder and downed what was in my cup.
“Wait, was that stealing?” I asked, glowing red with embarrassment at my transgression.
Everyone but me laughed again.
Later, we went back to the Town Hall to share some of what happened in the various committee meetings. Ours was the only one that contained alcohol.
~~~
That evening, Mark, Hershey and I continued to walk the buckled streets. It felt good to get out and walk. I stopped when I saw the sign; the first thing I remembered seeing as a child when we moved here.
It was slanted and partially off its hinges, and it simply read: Monte Vista Village.

August 10
While Annie had the Food Committee over for a meeting, I got ready for my day out on the golf cart. It’s ironic, I always wanted to drive one, but I dreaded it today.
Mark and I had an argument about him not coming with us on today’s outing. I told him that he could go in my place, but he didn’t want to spend time with Jackson alone. I think he just wanted to pout.
Jackson came with our “sweet ride,” as he called it, to pick me up. We met Shelby, Matt, Carrie and Samantha in the Town Hall parking lot. I handed them the new scripts, and we passed out the bullhorns.
“Matt and Sam, you will have to drive slowly; almost coasting. Shelby, Carrie and Laura, you will have to speak very clearly into the horns so you will be understandable,” Jackson said.
“And I would like to add something,” I interrupted. “If people are in these homes, they are probably scared and distrusting. The way we speak will also impact whether or not people decide to come out. Your tone should be as soothing as possible, even while you try to speak over the noise of the motorcycles.”
Everyone looked ready to go. I was surprised at how eager they were to begin. These were good people, and I knew that Shelby and Matt wanted to give back after what Jackson had done for them. In fact, I think that Matt has a bit of a man crush on him; a little “bromance” as they used to say before the war.
We set off for our designated streets and began.
“Hello neighbors,” I read. “My name is Laura, and I live on Ocean View Drive. There are families who survived the war. We are gathering our strengths and resources right now. We have people who are experienced at checking the air quality, and they say that it is alright to come out of our houses now. We have some food and water to share. We also have medical people who can help you with your sick loved ones. Please come out and let us all help you.”
And then I saw something move in an elegant two-story home that was built into a hill side. The window didn’t seem to have been boarded. A door slowly opened, and a small, blonde head poked out of the narrow crack. Finally, the door opened, and a very pale woman made her way, painfully, out on to the front steps of her house. I lowered the bullhorn, and Jackson stopped the golf cart.
“I’m sick,” she said in a low voice, although it looked like she was straining to speak as loudly as she could. Her face was pale, and I could see the veins in her neck, struggling against her voice.
“I’m sorry, hon,” I said. “What are your symptoms?”
“I’m vomiting, fever, some coughing,” she said. As if to demonstrate, she broke into a coughing fit.
“We have doctors in our group. I would like to have one come and check you, if that’s alright. How many live there with you? Are there anymore sick?” I questioned. As she spoke, I took down the address and information she provided.
“It’s just my boy and me. My husband…” She started to weep. “He was out hunting for supplies when the attacks hit. He never came back. My son isn’t sick that I can tell. He really needs food and water, though.”
I got on the walkie and set it to the channel we designated for food and water runners. Parnav answered the call and was ready to bring some packaged food and water bottles to where ever it was needed. At that moment, my heart filled without warning, and tears spilled from my eyes at the pure goodness of my neighbors.
Jackson looked at me and continued. “Ma’am, a neighbor is on his way with food and water, but we need you to go back into the house. They will leave a package of supplies on the steps. We need a doctor to check you over and get you well.”  I was glad that Jackson remembered my request to refer to us as “neighbors.” I thought that was a good way to instill some trust.
“My son, Jared, isn’t sick. Can you please take care of him while I sleep? I just need to sleep,” she pleaded with us.
I wasn’t sure if that was alright. I got on the walkie medical channel and called Malcom.
“Malcom, there is a very sick lady here who wants us to care for her son. Should we take him with us?” I asked.
“No, Laura. Wait until I make a medical assessment. We can’t afford getting you or any of the others sick. Give me the address, and I will be right over on my bike,” he said.
I took a deep breath and looked at the begging face of the very sick woman. “Ma’am, what’s your name?” I asked.
“I’m Crystal,” she said.
“Crystal, a doctor is on his way. He will check you and Jared, and he will let you know how we can take care of you both after that,” I said.
That seemed to satisfy her, and she tried to smile and wave. She looked grateful.
Then, I heard Shelby on the medical line. Doc picked up and started to direct another medic to deal with her call. I was, and am, fearful that we will not have enough doctors, nurses and medicine to help everyone.
~~~
Jackson and I continued on our quest to find more of the living.
As I resumed my prepared speech, something out of the corner of my eye caught my attention. A line of people were walking in unison toward the Town Hall, and they carried what would have seemed like an insanely odd assortment of items a month ago. Some had boxes, and others carried items freely in their arms. I saw Christmas lights, paint cans, two by fours, pots and pans, large bags of flour and rice, toys, books, and a man and a woman were even pulling a plastic swing set and slide down the hill. It scraped along the now uneven pavement.
They were the cavalry, coming to help gather our assets in front of the Town Hall. These people, who I knew were worried about starving to death themselves, brought food for those who might need it even more. I humbly lowered my head and shed a silent tear.
“You are one emotional female,” Jackson said, looking at me and shaking his head.
“Oh, shut up, Jackson, you jackass,” I said. I sniffled as he started to drive off.
~~~
Within one hour, Jackson and I alone had found seven dwellings of people willing to believe us enough to cautiously come out of their homes. Some looked sick; others were just weak from thirst and hunger. Between our three groups of searchers, we had to call for reinforcements to help distribute goods to homes that had not seen sustenance in some time. Their needs were great.
Malcom called an emergency medical meeting at the Town Hall, and he said that my presence was required. I radioed for Mark to come and take my place. He was the only one left who knew the plan for the bullhorn calls.
We met inside the Town Hall as dozens of people outside were organizing the donated supplies.
When I arrived, a physician’s assistant named Tabitha was speaking to the groups of medics, i.e. anyone within the medical profession.
“We need antibiotics immediately. We have already depleted our supply and the day is just starting,” she said with urgency. “If we don’t find some, most of our sick will be dead within a few days.”
Malcom took over. “I have arranged for our neighbors with camping gear and tents to bring them to the far side of the parking lot and to start setting up a makeshift medical area.  We need to start to triage the patients, immediately. Everyone who goes in or out of that area must be wearing full protective gear.”
Sitting next to Malcolm was none other than the little boy I saw this morning with his mother. He looked scared, but it was great to see that he must have cleared the medical check.
I went over and whispered into the Doc’s ear, and he nodded his head in agreement with my suggestion. As the medics went on with their meeting, I lowered myself to one knee so that I was eye level with the small boy. “Hey, do you want to get out of here and see what’s going on outside?”
Jared nodded and took my hand. When we got outside, I saw Annie was pulling a large bag of rice with her one good hand. I ran over, with Jared, and grabbed one end of the bag and helped her into the kitchen with it.
“Hey, Annie, this is Jared. His mommy isn’t feeling well today, but he is healthy. Do you think he could hang with you while I join the meeting with Doc Malcom?” I asked. “He looks like a good helper to me. Maybe we have something tasty from the market stash we could give him.”
Again, I bent down beside the frightened child and softened my voice even more. “Jared, this is my mother. She used to teach kids like you, and she’s really nice. Would you mind staying with her for a few minutes?” He didn’t reply. “I think that those nice men over there are almost done putting together that play set. When they are done, would you like to play on it?”
He nodded his head. I looked up at Annie who gave me a knowing smile. She would take care of it.
I returned to the meeting where the medics were still trying to make plans for our new outdoor emergency medical tents.
I heard Malcom talking still. “We need vitamins. People are badly malnourished, and they have no immune system to fight with. All of our immune systems are badly compromised, and it’s going to be an uphill battle fighting off whatever toxins are in the air. I don’t know how we could get fresh fruits and vegetables now, so vitamins are the next best thing. And don’t get me started on water.”
“I have an idea,” I interjected. Everyone became quiet and turned my way. I suddenly felt my old shyness sending heat to my face, but I pushed past it. “We have about a dozen men and women out there helping with the donations. I would like to send some of them to the pharmacy and the health and wellness store that used to be in the shopping center. They can start to sift through the rubble to see if they can rescue some of the prescription and non-prescription meds, homeopathics and all of the vitamins that they can find.
“Tabitha, could you please write a list of everything you need and have someone help make a duplicate. I will send that up to the hospital and see how they are faring. Last night I heard on the walkies that part of the hospital survived. I need a doctor to help coordinate with them. See if they can take some of our sickest people. Also, we have some water at my house. I’ll find someone who will bring it down. As we know, the road to the hospital is gone, but you can get there through the forest right near my house. Does anyone know the way?”
“I do,” said a young woman in her late twenties. “I am, was, doing my residency at the hospital, and I know the forest route. I used to walk it to work all of the time. I went up there earlier, and they were not in great shape, but they were starting to pull it together. I told them all about what Laura has done down here, and they are excited. Some have already begun to talk about moving in down here, if possible. I have to warn you that not everyone up there who made it is a medical professional. Some are cooks from the cafeteria, security, and admissions.”
“What’s your name?” I asked her.
“Alexis Riley,” she replied.
Thinking that Jackson would be livid at me for saying this, I said, “Alexis, please tell them that everyone is welcome here in the Monte Vista Village.”
And thus, our community had its name.
~~~
After sending a half dozen men and women to hunt for medical supplies and drugs, I called Mark and asked him to continue with Jackson while I stayed and worked to help organize our triage hospital.
“Colonel, could you pull over for a moment while I talk to my wife,” I heard him ask over the low rumble of the golf cart.
“Laura, let’s change to channel thirteen,” he ordered.
Uh oh. I knew what moving to the private channel meant.
“I don’t think it’s a good idea to have me and my accent trying to get people out of their homes,” he fibbed.
“Fine, have Jackson do it. Just make sure he sticks to the script,” I said, removing his excuse.
He was stuck for a moment and then came clean. “I am not happy with this. Why do I have to be with this jerk?” he asked me.
I was ready to defend my decision. “That’s why I need you with him. He isn’t great talking to people, and I need someone with tact to be gentle to the traumatized. Honey, compared to these people, we were on a vacation at the Ritz for the last month.
“I need to be here at Town Hall. It’s a madhouse,” I continued, a bit frustrated with Mark’s lack of support. “There are just too many fluid parts to bring this thing together. Someone has to lead.”
“Fine, I’ll talk to you later,” he huffed.
~~~
I looked out over the playground to see little Jared sitting on the top of the slide, watching all of the people hustle by. I could not imagine what he might be thinking. Up until just yesterday, there wasn’t a peep to be heard outside, and now everything was a whirlwind of people talking, planning and, to my disbelief, laughing.
I tugged one of the chains that held a swing. I pushed it forward, and unhurriedly walked toward him. He looked like a deer watching someone with distrust, ready to run at any sudden movement.
“Jared, I could use a good helper. Would you like to walk around with me and check on people? We can see what they are doing and how we can help them,” I coaxed, hoping he was still the age where kids like to feel like they are contributing.
He nodded his head, and this time he looked like he was really saying yes rather than just going along with whatever anyone said.
He followed me into the kitchen, where one of the people who joined us only yesterday was finishing installing a generator.
“Hi,” said the stranger, as he offered a hand. “I’m Billy Young, and this is one of my generators.”
Hmm, just “one” of his generators, I mused. We shall see, I thought.
“Hi, I’m Laura, and this is my assistant, Jared.”
“Nice to meet you both. I sure hope that this generator is useful to the cause,” he motioned to my mother. “Annie has been telling me that we are going to hopefully get together here for at least one meal a day.”
I looked proudly at Annie. This was the first I had heard of this. Then I snickered, realizing Old Billy Young didn’t know we were mother and daughter, yet.
“Good work, don’t you think, Jared?” I asked. He smiled. “Carry on,” I said as I and my small charge walked out the door toward the donation staging area.
I gestured to the group of people busily going about their work. “So, Jared. What do you think of all this?” I asked, genuinely curious.
His voice was small, “It’s scary.”
“I bet,” I said. My heart bled for him. I lifted his underweight body into my arms. “How about I ask the doctor about your mommy?”
He nodded, and I left him at the play set. He went back to the top of the slide to perch himself.
I got lost in the middle of the hub of activity looking for Malcom. I finally found him directing the mattresses and cots that had been donated.
“Hey, Doc. I was wondering if you know how Jared’s mother, Crystal, is doing,” I asked. His concentration was definitely not on conversation, but he turned to me, thought for a second and said, “They brought her up to the hospital on the cart. She is not good. Whatever chemical she breathed is in her lungs. She has pneumonia.”
I approached Jared, and somehow he seemed to already know that I wasn’t going to come back with his mommy or good news. I decided that I would not lie to him. “She’s at the hospital now where the doctors can take care of her.”
He nodded, and turned his attention back on the Monte Vista Villagers who were now a large group of people moving in tune with one another.
“How about you stay with me until I’m done here and come home with me tonight? I am not sure how long your mom is going to be in the hospital, but Annie, my husband Mark and I can take care of you for as long as it takes. Did you know that I have a dog? His name is Hershey, and if he likes you, do you know what he does?” I waited for him to shake his head. “He gives you Hershey’s Kisses.” He giggled. It felt good getting through to him.
“Now, I need you to help me get everyone’s attention. I saw a microphone in the office, and that nice man gave us electricity. Do you know what that means,” I didn’t wait for another head shake. “Everyone will be able to hear me, and I won’t have to scream. And that’s good, because I don’t like screaming. It gives me a headache.”
And finally I got him to speak, “It’s rude to scream.” I turned away to grin.
Billy was hanging with Annie in the kitchen. She had started a big pot of rice and beans.
“Look, sweetheart,” she said to me. “I’m cooking. We have electricity.”
“Awesome,” I said. “I want to plug in this mic, where can I do that, Billy?”
“I’ll do that for ya,” he said.
When everything was in place, I stopped to watch as a group of five men came down the drive into the parking lot. They were carrying long, thin boxes. Annie came out and stood next to me.
“They were here measuring earlier,” she said. “That man there, Jamie Warner, he owns Warner Glass.”
I knew that place. We had used them several years ago for a window that broke in an earthquake. I always thought that they were a little pricy, but now they were walking up to the Town Hall with enough windows to repair every shattered opening on the place.
“Ahm,” I cleared my throat as I spoke into the mic. The feedback rang out through the speaker and I winced as everyone in the crowded parking lot turned and stared at me. “Hi, everyone. I just wanted to say thank you all. This is more than I ever could have imagined. I would like to make sure that you all stay around for some food. My mother, Annie, is making her famous rice and beans, and we have some water, too.”
I looked down at Jared and noticed how dirty he was. His clothes looked as if he hadn’t changed out of them in days. I walked out of Jared’s ear-shot, and I picked up my walkie and called for Lizzie. “Hey, do you have any of Ronnie’s old clothes for a little boy I have here. We are not allowed to enter any of the houses of the ill, just in case. Maybe some toys, too.”
She told me that she would meet me in front of Town Hall in twenty minutes. She called the parking lot here Town Square. I like it, and I will make sure the name sticks, too.
Annie walked out of the kitchen next to a little redheaded girl who looked just like me when I was her age. She must have been seven or eight years old, and her eyes were red and swollen.
“Hi, Laura. This is Bailey, and I thought she would like to join Jared at our house tonight. Bailey, this is my daughter Laura, and our other new friend, Jared,” Annie said.
“It’s nice to meet you, Bailey,” I said. “The more the merrier. You can have my old room from when I was a kid.”
I got back on the walkie and radioed Lizzie. “Hey, how about Kristi’s old things…”
Everyone had been notified about our first group meal, and the Town Square was a frenzy of people setting up tables and chairs in anticipation.
I was helping Annie in the kitchen with a few other people, whose names I did not know yet. I was glad to see both men and women taking part in the cooking tasks.
I looked out the window at Jared and Bailey, both sitting on swings, staring blankly.
“Her parents are both gone,” Annie told me. “The medic who found her, in what sounds like a gruesome scene, said they had to have been dead for about seventy-two hours. They never even got to know that she was going to end up being rescued.” Mom’s eyes filled with tears, and I knew she was putting herself in their place.
“Well, she’s with us now,” I said. And I knew without even talking it over with Mark and Annie that with us she would stay.
~~~
Those sweet people from the glass shop put the windows on my new office first. The office furniture had been set straight by someone; however, there was a mess of papers and office supplies everywhere. I pulled over the dirty and torn curtains. Some natural light made it possible to see my way over to the desk. I laid my head on it and closed my eyes. There was a growing panic in my stomach, about to boil over. I grabbed the trash can and vomited.
What if I fail these people?
~~~
At 3:00, there were over 120 people seated at tables that were arranged in a square so that everyone could see the other diners. It reminded me of how my professors at the University used to seat us to encourage interaction.
Mark walked up to me with a couple at his side. “Laura, this is Reverend John and his wife, Cynthia. The Reverend has offered to say grace,” he said.
“That would be lovely,” I replied. And it would be, especially for those who still had faith. I wondered how many people seated with us still did.
I decided to forego a speech, even though I knew everyone would be expecting it. My stomach was still in a knot from its violent upheaval, earlier.
After the prayer, everyone ate Annie’s rice and beans with lukewarm powdered milk as if it was something out of a five star restaurant. It was quiet while the starving neighbors ate a hot meal together.
And even though I wasn’t hungry or happy, I ate and I smiled.
~~~
After dinner, Jackson and Jill approached me as we were cleaning up.
“Laura, the Colonel and I wanted to know if we could come by and talk to you tonight about some security issues,” said Jill.
“We also need to talk over the second prong of the plan on finding more neighbors,” said Jackson.
“Sure thing, but it will have to be after eight so that we can get the kids situated and to bed,” I said as if it were the most natural thing in the world.
They stared at me, mystified, and for the first time, Jackson said nothing.
~~~
I asked Mark to my office to talk about the two children with no place to go. He was overjoyed to have them, as I expected he would be. He had grown up in such a full house, and I have always known that he had missed that.
After things at the Town Hall were done, we walked home with Bailey and Jared and the packed boxes that Lizzie had put together for them.
I really had no idea how I was going to manage with the children, but I decided I would wing it, just like I have done with everything else since day one of this.
When we reached the house, Hershey greeted us happily. He licked Jared on the side of the face, and something I was beginning to think impossible happened; Jared smiled and laughed. He got his Hershey kisses.
The boxes that Lizzie packed were more than generous. They contained not only clothing, but games, toys and books. She had even slipped an old, pink iPod Shuffle in Bailey’s box. I knew that the songs it contained would be age appropriate. When I presented it to her, she too began to smile.
“I will help Bailey with her stuff and Mark will help you, Jared. I was thinking that tonight you two could sleep in one room until we can get the other bedroom together,” I said. I guessed that neither of the kids would really want to be alone tonight.
“Thank you,” said Bailey.
Jared was playing with his new best friend, Hershey, and Bailey was going through her box. She pulled out a pair of adorable pink pj’s and sat down on the bed, awaiting further instructions.
Bailey was so much more mature than her eight and a half years of age. I suspect that the maturity came from all that she had been through. I can’t imagine how she handled those days alone in the house with her dead parents.
Mark took the boy to help him take a sponge bath with the water that Annie had warmed on the indoor kitchen fire place.
I took out one of the books from the boxes and read the title out loud. “Little House on the Prairie, by Laura Ingles Wilder. Do you know these books?” I asked Bailey.
“Yes,” she replied. “My mother reads them to me at night.”
“Annie named me after Laura Ingles Wilder,” I said. “These are some of my favorite books of all times. Do you think that I can read some of this to you before bedtime tonight?”
She nodded her reply, but I was not sure if she really wanted me to or not.
I wondered how many more kids out there in this world were left orphaned by this monstrous event.
After the kids were both cleaned and in their pj’s, we all sat down in front of a roaring fire, and I started to read The Little House in the Big Woods. Mark helped the kids roast marshmallows with the bag that I had found in the kitchen at the Town Hall.
I tucked both of the children in, and Hershey jumped up on Jared’s bed and curled into a ball at his side. I guess he had made up his mind who he wanted to sleep with tonight.
“Laura,” Jared said. “When can I see my mommy?”
“I am not sure,” I replied.
“Is she going to die like Bailey’s mommy and daddy?”
“I hope not,” I said. And that was all of the truth I could tell him.
~~~
I was not sure that I had the energy to meet with Jill and Jackson after today, but their request sounded important. Mark let them in, and we all settled by the fireplace.
“Marshmallows, heh,” said Jackson. He knew the kids were staying the night, and he had to find some way to reference it, I guess.
“We have some real security concerns I am not sure that you have thought of,” started Jackson. “I have some ideas, and Jill might be able to help with them.
“We are vulnerable right now. If another survivor or group of wanderers goes by, they are going to see that our homes did not get destroyed, and that right there is going to be an issue. If they find out that we have medical and food, they could move in on us. There are most likely people out there who are starving to death, and we will find ourselves fighting to keep the little that we have. We need some security measures in place,” he said.
“I have heard what the Colonel had to say, and he makes a good case. I would like to work on some type of wall around the Village. With all of the wreckage from the homes and buildings in the outlying area, we have more than enough materials. I have a group of seventeen people who all have some type of building background,” said Jill in a tone that told me that Jackson had been very convincing with her.
“Why do you think that the only people left are the type to attack?” I asked. I was willing to give him a chance at explaining himself, but I didn’t like his war mentality.
He breathed out hard. “It’s in our DNA. When a human feels themselves thirsty and starving, they will do anything to survive. We fight for survival, and even though it might not be in their nature under normal circumstances, these are not normal circumstances.”
Although I didn’t want him to, he made sense.
“Have you been able to reach any military on what I imagine to be your large arsenal of radios that you are squirreling away in that house of yours?” I asked.
Shaking his head, he said, “None.”
I believed him.
I turned and addressed Jill. “I would like to see the blueprints before we start, please. Jackson, tomorrow you will start to go through the list and find anyone you might think would work well in security,” I said. “And start to collect all of the guns on the asset list. I want you to keep them at your house under lock and key. Find someone to take your place on phase two, or prong two, whatever you are calling it, of the house to house survivor search. Let Mark take the lead on that.”
And with that, I thanked them and led them to the door. Obviously, I was in no mood for long conversations tonight.
Good night world or what is left of it. Peace to you all.

August 11 
Last night didn’t go as planned. I was dead tired, excuse the expression, but as soon as I got into bed fear of not being ready for what is to come rose inside my belly, and began to burn again. I had to run outside to vomit even more. I had gotten used to our internment in my house where there was nothing more to do than think and plan. Now that we were rolling ahead, I needed to have plans in place. After about an hour, I got out of bed again, grabbed a lantern and looked for some antacids. I am not sure if it was the rice and beans or just plain worry, but I knew I wouldn’t be able to get back to sleep for a while. I found a legal pad, the list of assets, and a stack of bios that Lizzie had put together for each person who had made his or herself known to us, and I got underway.
Lizzie had been in Human Resources with the City of Monterey, and she was excellent at what she did. As I read through each person’s information, written in neat printing and clasped together with paper clips, I realized how lucky we are to have such a diverse group of people in our midst.
Suddenly, a scream coming from the kids’ room tore out through the silence and calm. In the mere seconds it took me to get to there, I had already thought of several very bad scenarios that might have taken place. I have developed a good imagination for the bad since the war.
“What’s wrong?” I asked, futilely attempting to turn on the light switch while holding the lantern in my other hand. My heart was beating fast when I figured out my error, and I finally held the light up to see what was the matter.
The first thing I saw was Jared’s wide eyes, and then I saw Bailey. She was rolled into a small ball and rocking fiercely as she cried. Mark, who had been on my heels, followed by Annie, moved into the room. I hurried to Bailey’s side, while Mark moved to Jared.
“Mark, why don’t you bring Jared into the living room while Laura handles this,” Annie said. She was leaving me. But I had no idea what to do.
“Hey, sweetie,” I said as I began to rub her back. “What’s wrong?”
“My mom and dad are dead. They were really sick, and I tried to help them. I brought them water and food. They were really hot, so I put wet towels on their heads. But they died,” she was working herself up until she was hyperventilating.
“Sweetie, you need to sit up and take some deep breaths, okay,” I said. She sat up, and I could see the anguish on her face. I scooped her up and began to rock her. “Just breathe, okay?”
“They are dead. Their eyes were open, and I kept trying to get them to listen to me, but they were dead. Did you know people died with their eyes open?” she asked me.
“Sometimes they do, but you know what I think? I think that they wanted to make sure that you were alright, so they wouldn’t let themselves close their eyes,” I said.
“Now, I don’t have anyone to take care of me,” she said in a sob.
“That’s not true, sweetie. I am here, and so is Annie and Mark. We are going to make sure that there is always someone to take care of you,” I said. And I think she knew that I meant it, too.
~~~
By the time morning came, I had about three hours of sleep, and I was running on fear; fear that I wouldn’t get things in place in time to save these people, fear that I might not be able to keep my promise to Bailey. It was only day three of being outside, and I was already way behind.
At 6:30 in the morning, I radioed Joseph and told him that he was now Communications Director. He started to protest, and I heard Jill say “don’t go there” to him, sharply. I instructed him to get on every channel and notify everyone that we were having an important Town Hall meeting, and that every able-bodied person needed to be in attendance.
By 7:15, I was in my office in the Town Hall. I had papers, maps and plans laid out on the desk, and I was figuring out how to present this somewhat intricate set of strategies to the Villagers so that they would make sense. I had no idea if they would jump onboard this almost sinking boat, but I was not in the mood to take “no” or arguments for an answer. I needed to get started, and so did they.
By 7:45, Mark and Annie had the kids dressed, fed and on the play set in the Town Square. I hoped that they hadn’t seen the somewhat unnerving scene playing out in the medical tents as they passed.
By 8:15, there was what looked to be about 120 people staggering into the parking lot. It was a typical chilly August morning for Monterey, and people did not look too happy to be standing in the nippy wind.
At exactly 8:30 I began.
 “Hello, friends and Villagers,” I said into the microphone, offering no apology for the unexpected meeting. I continued, “I am glad to see you all here.
“This morning you are here to receive your jobs. If you have checked in with Lizzie at any point over the last two days, then you will be on a list that will be hanging on the Town Hall walls. The lists are broken into categories, so you should be able find your particular list easily from your previous job descriptions.”
I looked out over a sea of confused faces. Did they think that they were going to sit in their homes receiving food, water and medical without lending any help whatsoever? Maybe, but this morning they were getting schooled, so to speak.
“If you have not spoken to Lizzie yet, then you will form a line over at that table,” I pointed to Lizzie, who was smiling and waving. “You might be in line for a while, as Lizzie will be instructing her new staff on how to take your information. By two o’clock this afternoon, those of you who do not have jobs yet will have been placed on at least one of these lists.” I pointed to the lists tacked onto the building. Each had a larger piece of paper above them, with the category of work written in florescent orange lettering, to help with any confusion.
I addressed them with clear, no-nonsense urgency. “If you plan to be part of the Monte Vista Village, than you should plan to work. All able-bodied people will have a place in the rebuilding, security and survival of the greater group. If you do not wish to participate and work, then you are welcome to leave the Village or stay and not partake in our joint efforts. That means you will have to find food, water and anything else you need on your own.”
At first, there was just shock on the faces looking at me, and then I heard the first dissenter yell out, “I own my house and pay taxes on it. This is no commune. We aren’t commies and socialists.” Did he even know the definitions of those words?
“Those labels no longer apply here. And neither do Republicans, Democrats, Tea Baggers, Green Partiers, or Independents,” I replied.
I waited for this new realization to sink in. I saw only one smiling face in the crowd, and to my surprise, it didn’t belong to my husband. Jackson’s eyes met mine with approval. My husband, on the other hand, looked worried, and I could see his eyes pleading with me to stop talking.
“If there are no other questions than you may break into groups now. Security is there,” I pointed to each sign as I referenced it. “Rebuilding, Gardening Food, Cooking, Generators and Electricity, Out-Bounding, which means going out and scavenging for needed supplies, Child Care, Medical, Office, Communications, Human Resources, Human Remains Detail, and my official list for the Council. My husband, Mark, is second in charge. More groups will be established later and some, like the Human Remains Detail, will no longer be necessary, eventually. I expect that you will all follow your temporary group leaders until we decide who will be in charge of each. You will find that there is an envelope with each group’s basic description.
“The cooking staff will be preparing some coffee and oatmeal. So, if you can, please enjoy the refreshments while you meet with your groups. Now, please begin to make your way to where you should be, and if there are any questions, I will be right here on the stage. Thank you.”
I watched as a stunned crowd slowly turned into a fury of activity. I was adamant with myself that I didn’t show nervousness in any way. I sat down at the table that had been placed on the stage, and tried to ignore the bees that were stinging from inside my stomach. If I didn’t have radiation poisoning yet, I probably was developing one hell of an ulcer. All of this would fall apart if these people sensed my uncertainty. I turned and focused on the children that had gone over to the brightly colored play set. It wasn’t big enough for them all to play on, so some children just sat. I was relieved when Shelby came and asked to make an announcement on the microphone.
“Will the child care staff and all of the children under the age of twelve please come into the Town Hall, conference room B? We will begin child care immediately,” she said with confidence that I frankly hadn’t expected. That was a perfect example of leadership, and just in time. She walked over and gathered the children and herded them into the building with a smile on her face.
Jill took the next step by announcing the rebuilding group would be meeting at Matt’s house in one hour, after they had gotten their morning refreshments. And then a line of the leaders began to make their own announcements, one after the other.
Mark came and stood next to my chair, his jaw hanging down. I whispered to him to close his mouth, and it snapped shut.
The first person to come to me to ask a question was Levi Samuels, a former orderly and driver at an old age home. I had him leading the Human Resources Detail based on his bio. He looked nervous.
“Ma’am, I am not sure I am the best person for this. It says here,” he held up the envelope, “that I am supposed to coordinate with the head of Security, Colonel Phillip Jackson, to go to the homes with a moving truck and collect dead bodies.” His face was a ghostly pale, and I was wondering if the leaders I picked would all be up for their tasks. I was glad that I left myself some wiggle room.
“Mark, would you help Levi get his group together and stay with him throughout the meeting?” I asked him.
“Sure thing, let’s go, brother,” he said as he led Levi away. He looked happy to be given something to do and went on his way.
When it looked as if people were finding where they needed to be, I went in to check on Shelby and the kids. They were happily sitting in front of the TV and DVD player Billy had set up for them, watching cartoons and coloring, while Shelby met with her group in the back of the room going over plans.
I went and sat cross-legged on the floor between Jared and Bailey. “How are you two doing?” I whispered. They both nodded their heads, engrossed in the show. No one had watched TV since the power went out. I actually envied them. I told them that this morning I would be in the Town Square, and that Annie would be in the kitchen and to go to her if they needed anything. She would be sure to find me amongst the throng of people if they needed anything.
“We’ll be fine,” said Jared, only slightly paying attention to me.
“We will be,” mimicked Bailey. She gave me a soft hug that remained me of my nieces. I sadly got up and made my way to the medical tent through all of the people, but stopping in the kitchen first.
“Annie, would it be possible to send a tray of about seven coffees to the medical tent?” I asked.
“Are they all for you, or are you sharing this morning?” she teased. I actually needed that after such an intense meeting. I laughed, then I was off to meet the day.
Doc Malcom stood in front of the tents, stretching. He looked horrible, and I knew the news would not be good.
“Hey, Doc,” I said, giving him a hug. “How’s it going?”
“That was quite a speech,” he looked too tired to act amused, but chuckled anyway.
“Oh, you heard that, did you?” I laughed, knowing perfectly well that he had heard every last word due to the proximity of the med tent. “What are the stats, Doc?”
“Not good,” his expression turned back to grave. “We lost three people last night. The hospital is at their capacity, and so we kept some of the most ill here. I have twenty-five people, and about half are pretty bad off, Laura. I need to get them away from the general population immediately, before this thing does us all in.”
“I am on it. Coffee’s on it way,” I said as I turned on my heels and headed to the stage.
“I need Mark Balous, Levi Samuels, and Colonel Jackson to the staging area, STAT.” I hadn’t meant to sound like a page in a hospital, but they all came to my side quickly, just the same.
“Do you know the houses near the strip mall? No one seems to come out of them. We need to transport some of worse medical cases away from this area, and I mean now.”
“Don’t worry,” said Mark. “We can take care of it.”
I looked at my husband and suddenly began to worry about him being with those sick people. “Ask the Doc to make sure you are wearing the appropriate protective gear, please Mark.”
“Like I said, I will take care of it. Let me prove that I am as capable as you are,” he said.
I was relieved to not have to figure out the details on that one. With everything that I had set in motion, I had too much to do. I guess that’s why delegation is important in the leading process. I am learning.
My next stop was Lizzie. She had a line stretching far past the building and her “staff” was in chaos. “Help,” was all she said as she looked at the line. I was on it.
“Okay, I need the Human Resources Staff to gather around please. I began to pass around the legal pads and a pen to each. “I am going to get the line going, and each of you will take a seat behind the desk. Lizzie has been getting the names, addresses, socials, prior occupations, and hobbies that might be helpful in the Village, from every person. Don’t let them argue with you about the socials, we need an official list in case the military ever get here. If you tell them that, they should stop, but if they don’t, threaten to come and get me. I think that should be enough,” I stopped to take a breath before starting to guide people into six lines, a row for each staff person.
Within an hour, their group had thinned. They all went to nearby houses or meeting rooms in the Town Hall to meet with their new groups.
I checked back into the medical tents and things were going smoothly. They were starting to load the worst patients into a moving van that was meant for removing the dead. I figured that they would do that after the sick were moved.
Some of the very sick had sores and welts on their bright red skin. I looked away, ashamed that I couldn’t watch as they were carefully moved onto the truck by the team wearing thick, blue plastic gloves and surgical masks.
Malcom looked pleased. “Thanks, Laura.”
“Whatever you need, Doc, let me know immediately. The medical needs are a priority.” He nodded and I continued. “Do you know anything about Jared’s mother, Crystal Warner?” I asked him.
“No,” he pointed at his walkie. “It’s on the hospital channel. Just talk into it, and they will get you to the right person.”
I took the walkie outside, into the bright sun light. I closed my eyes and looked up, letting the warming sun hit my face. It was good to be outside.
“Hello, this is Laura, is anyone there?” I asked a little unprofessionally into the walkie.
“Oh. Hi, Laura. Didn’t know that we would be getting a call from such a high place today,” said a teenage male voice. I had no idea what he was talking about.
“Okay, hi. Well, I am looking for an update on a patient. Her name is Crystal Warner,” I said.
I sat on a parking cinder block to wait. Gita came up to me with a steaming cup of hot coffee and some plain oatmeal, both in a Styrofoam cup.
She giggled as she placed the coffee in my hand and the oatmeal on the ground next to me. “Annie sent these. She said that you had better eat every single bite.”
“Thank you, Gita,” I said. “Please tell her I will.” Even after the end of the world, my mother was looking out for me.
“Hey, Laura,” came the same voice from the walkie. “I found Doctor Riley, and she said that she is improving a lot. Her fever is gone, and she is able to eat. She thinks that she might be sending her down to the tents this afternoon to make room for the more serious cases.”
I was so relieved that I returned the walkie to the tent and practically flew to tell Jared about his mother’s improved state.
The kids were sitting around a table, eating oatmeal and drinking cold, powdered milk, thanks to Mr. Young’s generator. I kneeled beside Jared and told him the good news.
“Can I see her, can I?” he asked in his excitement.
“As soon as Doc Malcom says you can, I will bring you to her,” I answered, looking at Bailey’s sad face.
“Hey, Bailey, you want to get out of here and help me direct traffic?” I asked her.
“I’m not allowed in the street,” she replied innocently.
I laughed and grabbed her hand. We were on the move again.
~~~
Later in the afternoon, after I had returned Bailey to Shelby’s already well-oiled child care group to play with some donated play dough, I was off to the meeting with the Council in the room down the hall.
“Hello,” I said to the ten solemn faces looking up at me. They were sitting at a long, rectangular table, and they were definitely ready for me to begin.
The group consisted of Mark, Jackson, Joseph, Jill, Billy Young, who I had made the lead on Generators and Electricity, Annie, Malcom, Katie, Reverend John (whom I added, albeit reluctantly) and Lizzie.
“So far, this group is the Council. It may change over the weeks ahead as necessity dictates, but for now I plan on relying on this group for counsel and guidance through what will undoubtedly be a painful transition from our old world to whatever it is about to become.
 “I know that each of you is going through a lot right now, but it is essential that we put our feelings aside for the greater good. And, from what I have seen today, you are doing so admirably.
“Mark, you are my vice-whatever it is I am. I am not even sure I want a title for either role. The rest of you know your positions as leaders of one group or another. All except for Katie and the Reverend.
“Katie, I need you to have a presence in every group, if you can. I will have you summing up the general group demeanor and also looking for anyone who might pose a threat to the Village. That is of the greatest importance. I do not want to see a gun in the hand of anyone who is even slightly unstable.”
By the look in her eye, I knew Katie had caught on quickly, “I would like to meet separately with any person who carries a gun and run some evaluations on them,” she said.
“Absolutely, I will have Jackson give you the list that he has prepared. And that brings me to the next order of business; security.”
“I have between thirty and forty men and women on the list of possibilities. Some will have to begin immediately, so I will take the fifteen current military and start with them until Katie has a chance to get me her findings. Mark, along with your current Deputy Mayorship,” Jackson said sarcastically, “will you still be able to work a detail, starting tonight?”
“On it,” was Mark’s whole reply. I had actually hoped that Mark and I could have a little alone time tonight, both as leaders, and husband and wife. But security took a high precedence in our growing Village.
“Good,” said Jackson. “I am going to create some makeshift barriers until Jill gets the wall started. I am going to use some traffic pylons I found in the debris. They are heavy, so I will need to have some of the construction workers help, and that tow truck guy, too.”
“I will walkie them as soon as this meeting is over. I will have them meet you by the Monte Vista Village sign,” Lizzie said.
I wondered to myself, when did walkie become a verb?
“Great, I’ll round up our military and have them join us while we are out-bounding, just in case. They need to be armed,” Jackson looked over to see if I was going to object.
“That’s fine, just as long as you realize that people could very well be coming to us looking for help. Their previous address has no bearing on if we will help them or not; we will,” I said, thus creating a new law.
“Jill, how are things going with the wall?” I asked.
“Great, I will be working on the plans for the next few days, but we can get started tomorrow with the skeleton. Here are the plans for that,” she handed me what appeared to be a rolled up sketch.
I thanked her and moved on. “Mark, how is the Human Remains Detail going?” I said to my strong husband. He was doing so much right now. I looked at him and wondered how he was holding up.
“Levi is a mess. He can’t handle death, but I have it under control. We started going to the houses one-by-one. We have not found any living yet,” he said. My heart sunk into my stomach at that.
“There is a pool way down Munras Street. I would like the dead to be placed in the pool until we figure out how to dispose of the bodies. I need everyone on that detail to know that each and every body was a living person, a family member, and our neighbor. They are to be treated with the utmost dignity. Malcom, what do you think of burials?” I asked, fearful that the bodies may contain too much radiation or other toxins to put them into the ground.
“Laura, I want to say yes, but I am not sure that it is best for us that they go in the ground. Some of those folks took no precautions and they may contain any number of contaminants,” he said, tiredly.
“Reverend John, what do you think?” I asked.
“Well, different religions have differing views. I am Episcopalian, and my particular Church is progressive, so cremation is fine in my eyes. Others would disagree,” he said.
“Mark, as a Muslim, I know what your general views on burials are. Under the circumstances, what do you think?” I asked him.
“In Islam, it is important to get a body in the ground as soon as possible. I am troubled for the Muslim souls whose bodies have been out as long as they have. We did have several Islamic families in the community, too. I am very torn on this, Laura,” he said.
“I would like to put this to a private vote,” I said, finally. I hadn’t been ready to have to do this yet, because it brought with it a whole Pandora’s Box worth of problems, but I could not make this decision on my own.
“Lizzie, will you hand out some paper, please,” I requested. “Just write either the word “burial” or “cremation” on the paper, fold it, and bring it back here and place it in this mug,” I instructed. “But be warned, if the consensus is burial, we will then have to come up with some type of plan for it.”
I filled out my vote; cremation, and waited for everyone else to fill out theirs.
Lizzie tallied them up; three for burial and seven for cremation.  I couldn’t help but wonder who voted for burial.
“So, that is decided. Reverend, would you please preside over the transportation of the dead and the cremations so that we are as respectful of as many faiths as possible?” I asked. “As soon as you have enough bodies to be cremated, please walkie me. I would like to be at every service. I imagine it will take several days or more. So, we will have one service a day until it is done. I will tell the Villagers about the plan, but it will not be opened for debate. If they would like, they may attend services, as well.”
“Annie, how are food supplies holding out?” I asked hoping for good news.
“I don’t have good news for you,” she said. Sometimes I swear that woman can read my mind. “At the rate we are going, and if we ration carefully, we have about two weeks.”
 “Okay, I need a temporary Out-bound leader from this group to go out for a food supply run, any volunteers?” I asked, knowing how busy everyone was.
“I’ll do it,” said Billy. “I am a hunter and an avid camper. I am guessing those skills will come in handy.”
“Yeah, I think they will,” I said. I was pleased to have a volunteer. “We can’t let our food or water supplies slip under three weeks, at the very least. We have no idea what Mother Nature or the enemy, whoever they are, might have in store for us.”
“I think that should be enough for today,” I said, ending the meeting.
~~~
After the meeting, Katie caught up with me.
“Can I have a bit of your time in the office?” she asked.
“Sure thing,” I said. “After I use the Portable Potty? I really need to go.” She smiled and headed toward my office as I headed for the bathroom, happy they have found four of them, in working order, at an old construction site nearby.
“As I walked back, I noticed a horrible, pungent odor. The dead are being brought out, I thought sorrowfully.
My feelings must have been showing on my face when I walked into the office. Katie looked at me, empathically.
“I am worried about you, Laura,” she started. “You didn’t attend one Therapy Group meeting when we were inside, and you look so worn down.”
Oh great, here comes a ‘come to Jesus talk’ on mental health, I thought.
“Laura, what we all have gone through has been a nightmare, and you have shouldered so much of the burden on your own already. It’s enough for anyone to have a mental breakdown if they don’t have someone to talk to,” said Katie.
“I hardly got any sleep last night, getting ready for today, and that’s why I look so tired. Maybe I could nap for a bit later,” I said, pointing to the couch she was sitting on.
“That’s a start,” she continued her forced therapy session. “Being physically fit will add to your sense of well-being, but we know there is more to it than that.”
And that led us into a one hour session, where there were tears from the both of us. I couldn’t help but wonder who Katie talks to when she needs it. I will try to be that person from here on out.
~~~
After Katie left, I decided she had a point about my physical stability, but instead of napping on the couch, I laid flat on the ground, eyes to the ceiling. My ribs still ached, and it helped to be on the flat ground. I could hear the kids next door, the happy voices of the children playing, and that sense of normalcy eventually gave way to a deep sleep.
~~~
I was jarred awake by Jackson’s nasal voice on the walkie, “Jackson to Laura, today’s cremation services are being held momentarily. Mark’s coming with the golf cart to get you. Meet him in front in the Town Square.”
Oh great, now the Villagers are going to think that I am acting like I deserve some kind of chariot to whisk me away.
I got on the walkie. “Tell him to meet me by the MV sign instead.”
I pulled out a brush that I had in my desk drawer and tried to make myself presentable. I hoped my brief sleep helped me prepare for this moment.
I walked down to the sign just as Mark was pulling up with Reverend John. Both men were somber. I climbed in next to my husband, and we proceeded down the broken street to the hotel with the swimming pool that had made it through the attacks in order to become an inferno for the dead.
As we approached, I could smell the stench of the bodies and the fuel that would remove them from this earth. From ashes to ashes, dust to dust, I recalled from my Catholic school days.
And then I saw my first dead body –make it thirty dead bodies. The biochemicals had been brutal to these unnamed souls. I expected them to look serene, as if getting ready to walk through some pearly gates. Instead, their faces were twisted, with boils and burns.
I wish that there had been a way to identify them, just in case someone came looking for them. There were about twenty of us in all at the funeral. Some of these mourners must have been related to the deceased in the pool. They were arranged carefully, arms folded across chests, with bodies head to foot, but there was overlap. At least they were being treated with care and respect.
“Today is a difficult day,” began the Reverend. “Not just because we are putting our loved ones to rest, but because we also know that each of these souls represent a million others who will never be mourned and lead into the afterlife like these here today.”
That had multiplied my grief, and I felt my face that had been respectfully sorrowful change to inconsolable in a matter of seconds. I selfishly thought not of those bodies before me that had been horribly disfigured, but for my own loved ones not here with me in the Village. Was someone caring for their bodies right now, praying for their souls?
Mark moved to my side and gripped my arm. He held me up, as we both bowed our heads and waited for the Reverend to finish giving his last rites to the dead.
Mark is my rock in this furious ocean of sadness and decay.
~~~
We went back to the Village, and then it was time for the meeting we had set for 3:30. I told the Villagers about our plans for the bodies of our neighbors. They took it well, and I suspected that the rancid smell that filled the area had something to do with their being understanding of the way we were disposing of the bodies.
After that, it was time to pick up the kids for our group supper.
“Laura, can I go to Ronnie’s house tonight? He invited me for a sleepover, please,” Jared begged.
Lizzie was gathering her kids at the same time. “It’s fine with me. He can wear a pair of Ronnie’s pj’s if he wants,” she offered.
“They moved your mother to the medical tent, so I will go there after dinner and ask her if it is alright,” I said. I had already told him that the Doc wants to wait for a bit before he visits his mother. But she was still his mother, and she needed to make the decisions for him.
“Okay,” he said, as he took a seat next to Ronnie at the table.
Tonight we had spaghetti, and it was absolutely wonderful. My hat’s off to Annie.
After dinner, I did as I had promised and visited Crystal. She was both tearful and thankful. I told her this was not just me, but her whole Village.
As all of the Villagers walked up the hill to their homes, I watched their faces, as one by one their smiles turned and their heads bowed. They saw the now empty houses that had entombed their neighbors, and those numbers were great.
But as I passed each home, I saw something very different. I saw the chance for other survivors of the war to find shelter, a community in which to find refuge, and a port in the storm.

August 21
It has been one month and one week since Monterey, California, was attacked, and we still do not know for sure who did the deed.
I have been too busy and too exhausted to write nightly, so I wanted to take this evening to record the events, lest we forget.
On August 14, the Villagers came together in honor of all who were lost. It was a somber day, filled with friends coming together to talk and tell stories of their fallen loved ones. We all sat at our dining tables, waiting for a turn to memorialize our dead.
I began the memorial with my own story. “I want to tell you about my nieces who are among those believed to be lost. My nieces lived with me until their teens, and they became the most amazing adults. Amanda was eighteen and Brianna was twenty when the bombs hit. In fact, today is Amanda’s birthday and Bri’s is next week. We always combined their birthdays and they never minded,” I choked up and had to take a moment. The sympathetic Villagers waited patiently for me to continue.
“They were brave young women, who charged into all challenges bravely and with everything that they had. So, Bri and Ammie, if you are somewhere you can hear me out there, I hope that you did not suffer in the end. I love you both, today and forever.”
I passed the mic to my right, to Mark, who did not look at all happy about showing his hurt in front of all of the 120 people who had come together to mourn their losses.
“Um, I don’t know what happened to my family in Africa, but there have been reports that much of the continent fell in the attacks, some countries turning on their neighbors,” he said, as he turned and put the mic on the table, he raised his head to the heavens and his hands cupped in front of him in silent prayer.
He then passed the mic to Annie. “I want to talk about my son, Jacob. I only hope that he was with his two precious daughters when he went. He would not have wanted to be anywhere else.”
The mic passed from one hand to another, with everyone saying a few sentences about their loved ones. It was a long and difficult day, with grief still so raw.
Bailey had been sitting to my left, so her turn to speak came last. She couldn’t, and she turned her head into my arm to hide when the mic came to her. I took it, and tried to speak for her. “Bailey’s parents were happy, lively people. Bailey told me that they used to take picnics to the beach and they were teaching her to surf. I know that they are very proud of her.” She looked up at me with a weak smile.
Later that day, Jared returned to his home in the loving arms of his mother.
“Laura, Mark, thank you, thank you,” she repeated over and over as she held her son.
Seeing her with him in her arms was more than enough thanks.
~~~
The Village work has been going well, mostly.
I have found someone who has a degree in Agriculture to lead the Food Growth Committee. I named it that, because we need to have fresh fruit and vegetables soon. I have volunteered our back yard for one of the gardens. It is a huge and largely empty yard, perfect for the crops that we would need.
The woman leading the effort is Charlotte Copeland, a retired employee of the Freshy Fresh Vegetable Company based in Salinas, which is only seventeen miles from here, and is known as the Salad Bowl Capitol of the World.
When we met, I noticed that she is a sturdy woman, in her mid-sixties. Her husband died in the attacks, and she was adamant from day one that she did not want to talk about it. Everyone mourns in his or her own way.
“One of our biggest problems with crops up here in the hills of Monterey is the damn gopher population,” she said. “Above the ground beds are best. We can use some of the downed fences to help defend against those dirty rats, but they are sneaky, so we are going to have to be very careful still.”
“I was thinking of using the pallets from the Big Box stores when the Out-bounders get back. I am hoping for packaged soil and seeds from the plant center, too. And I have a seed vault that I bought before the war. The Doc said that the ground isn’t giving off too much radiation, but we should be cautious, just the same,” I offered.
Charlotte nodded in agreement. She started to map out the backyard, using a stick to draw grooves in the ground for each row. She had some awesome growing ideas, too. We would create teepees of wood for beans to grow up on, and she had some sustainable water barrel ideas for boiling water right there in the fields to purify it, using PVC pipes with holes drilled into them to release the water to the plants. Finally, she had an idea for a greenhouse of sorts over the crops. They would bend over the plants and you could raise an entire row of the coverings all at once. She was adamant that all of the garden boxes be easy to break down and portable, just in case. This woman is a genius.
Charlotte’s garden was next on Jill’s list; right after the wall got started. Our backyard would be the prototype. Bailey was very excited about the new garden, and she asked me if she could help. Of course, I said yes. Whenever Mrs. Copeland came by our house to plan, Bailey was right at her side, soaking up everything she said like a sponge.
~~~
The Out-bound party was a source of great concern to me. They had been gone for days without any communication. They had one of the ham radios, but no one in the party was sure that they would be able to figure it out and make it work, even after Joseph’s careful directions.
We sent them out with instructions to find the biggest truck they could maneuver the streets with so that they could get everything on the list.
The list contained many of the things we need to survive. Annie asked for as many dried food goods as possible. On the top on her list was flour, beans, rice, sugar, coffee and powdered milk, and that was just the start of what she needed. Like I said, I had made a request for lots of bagged soil and seeds. Billy told us he knew where to find generators, and Mark added dog food to the lists. Our pets were becoming a pivotal part of the security of our Village.
Let’s put it this way, they had a long list to go through. So, we waited for their return; however, Jackson and I had come up with a Plan B, just in case.
~~~
And the moving parts just kept on moving.
The Village streets, that just weeks ago were eerily quiet, were now buzzing with hammers, nails, generators (which were much louder than I expected), and even the sound of children playing on the growing play structures. Everyone had been adding to them with items from their own backyards, and we were trying to figure out a way to bring some of the sand from the beach to place under the climbing children for safety.
We also needed sand for water purification; sand and charcoal. Apparently, layers of each could be used to sift out decent amounts of impurities. So, I was hopeful that the Out-bounders found some charcoal at the Big Box stores.
I was in the middle of preparing the stores in the strip malls for what was to come.
The movie theatre turned ballroom was now where we were storing our goods. We had several rows with items rescued from the neighboring shopping center. We now had some good supplies, and Villagers could go through and take limited quantities of what they needed.
Matt and some of his crew were helping our two electricians in the MV Market to rebuild and rewire so that a generator could be brought in to make it a food warehouse. The Bakery next to it was being similarly prepped. The kitchen in there would be perfect for baking bread and cookies, or so said Annie.
Security was another one of our moving pieces. Katie finally gave Jackson her list of the best recruits for the Security Team, and those who should not be allowed anywhere near a gun. It was good, because the military people were in need of a rest – especially Mark.
The night Jackson had his new recruits out training, Mark and I finally had some time to ourselves. We made small talk, awkwardly at first. It sort of felt like we were starting from scratch, until I broke the ice.
“What do you really think about the Village?” I asked him while we sat on the bed in our room.
“Well, first off I think that ‘the Village’ is a stupid name,” he said, purposely jabbing me with his words.
“If it means so much to you, than why didn’t you say something weeks ago?” I asked. I knew that he was just in a mood and wanted to irk me, and I gave him his way. I don’t really know why. I had been ready for some support, love and maybe romance that evening, but he was obviously festering something inside, probably for a while.
As much as I wanted to resolve whatever it was that was bothering him, I just didn’t have the energy.
I went out to the fireplace where Annie and Bailey were playing a board game, and Mark followed, probably out of boredom.
“Laura, will you read to me?” Bailey asked.
“Sure,” I said, ignoring the look on Mark’s face.
“Laura, did Laura Ingles’ family have electricity?” she asked.
“No, they didn’t. She was born before electricity,” I explained.
She looked thoughtfully at me and asked, “Then why did they do alright without it? We aren’t.”
“No, we aren’t. I guess that is because we are all used to having it and they weren’t,” I replied.
She made a valid point.
~~~
During one of my “on the floor of my office breaks,” Jackson came in to talk security.
“Heh, you spend a lot of time down there, don’t you? Who’s getting all that work done while you grab a piece of the floor?” he said, laughing at his own joke.
Much to my chagrin, he got down on the floor and lay next to me.
“What are you doing?” I asked.
He looked over at me and answered with a straight face, “I think we should have all of our meetings down here.”
“Shut up,” I said. That had become my usual response to his insanity.
“No, I’m not kidding. It’s comfortable down here.” I could feel him stretch out his lean body next to me, but I refused to look at him.
I decided to turn the tide and put him in the hot seat. “So, why didn’t you ever tell me you had kids before?”
“Never came up,” he replied.
“Yes, it did. It came up with your daughter’s cheerleading bullhorn,” I told him.
“I guess it did come up. What do you want to know?” he asked.
“Everything,” I was in a mood. “I am on a break, so I have time.”
“I was married, a long time ago,” he started. “I have three kids who haven’t talked to me in years. One girl and two boys. My ex-wife poisoned their minds against me. She told them that I was a porn addict, and that I never wanted them in the first place.” I raised one eye brow at him. “Okay, so I am a man. Who cares if I like to, occasionally...” he trailed off as I turned my head to look him in the eye.
“Please don’t finish that sentence,” I said.
“But I never once said I didn’t want my kids. I loved my kids. And she ran off, and went into hiding. She told the military that I beat her and the kids. Of course, there was no actual evidence that I had ever touched one of them, but it didn’t matter. Once that is out there, everyone believes it. It’s easier than finding out the truth, I guess,” he said, his mind off somewhere else, as if he was reliving it.
“Sorry, that had to have been rough,” I said, feeling badly that I brought it up. “Maybe you will find your kids someday.”
“Ya right,” he scoffed.
 “Well, you big idiot, you have a new family now,” I said.
“Heh, so the world ended, and I got this community as the booby prize,” he said.
I laughed. “We’ll it’s not like those boobies from the internet…”
He softly pushed me, and we just stayed there, looking up at the ceiling, both lost in our own thoughts.
~~~
Reverend John came to my office to have a private conversation with me. When I first heard about the Reverend, I was not sure if or how he would fit into our community.
“Laura, may I ask you a question?” he began.
“Please, feel free to be frank, Reverend,” I told him, sensing that he was reluctant to talk with me.
“Alright, I will be. What religion are you?” he asked.
I felt queasiness at where this conversation was headed.
“I was raised to choose my religion,” I began. “But I went to Catholic school, so that is the religion I am most familiar with.”
“But that doesn’t answer my question,” he said, pulling me where he wanted me to go. “What do you believe, Laura?”
“I’m not really sure,” I told him. “I have a gut feeling that this War to End Humanity had its roots in religious zealousness. So many people, no matter what label they put on religion, are willing to kill everyone and everything over perceived differences in beliefs. But it’s not just those people who are responsible, or even the politicians and governments that ordered the buttons pushed; it was everyone who saw the problems and did nothing to stop them. And I have to admit that I am included in that group.
“I have never followed any one religion. I have studied all of the major religions, in search of one that spoke to me,” I tried to explain something that has always been a complicated subject for me. “I struggle with how many people act the opposite of their religious beliefs.
“I also think that the principles of being a good person run throughout all the major religions. It is how each of us chooses to follow through on those fundamental tenets of religion that matters. I don’t feel that I need to give what I believe a name.
“If I had to explain my beliefs; I believe in power of human kindness, and those who act on it,” I concluded. “And I believe that we can have that right here in the Village, now, at the end of the world.”
 “I understand and while I studied theology, I too struggled with this. Questioning is part of belief, Laura. I did identify with one religion. I want you to know that I accept you for who you are and what you believe, nameless or not.”
I had been expecting a lecture, but it didn’t come. Instead, Reverend John came to me, and as I stood, he gave me a hug.
“Thank you, Reverend,” I said.
~~~
Last night I went to the kitchen to fetch Annie. She has been spending every day, all day, in that kitchen, and it was time for her to go home now.
“Annie, get your stuff together. Bailey and I are getting a killer Monopoly game together, and we are ready for you this time,” I said, winking at Bailey, who was now by my side as much as she could be. She winked back at me.
“Annie, I am going to get Boardwalk this time,” Bailey sang. It was good to see her teasing and smiling. I think that her time with Katie is helping. So is mine.
I noticed that in the corner there were several hundred aluminum cans. I had been thinking that we were going to have a garbage issue soon, but these had been cleaned up and were stacked neatly.
“I’ll have Stewart come and pick those up so we can get them out of your way,” I said, pointing to her collection.
“No,” she said. “I am saving them. Billy and I had been talking about using them for a house to house alarm system. He said that he would be picking up as much twine as he can find.” Her expression became sad.
“What’s wrong, Mom?” I asked.
I had observed that Annie and Billy were developing a close relationship before he left on the Out-bound journey. It had been five days since they left, and we could only imagine the worse. Our view of what had once been several bustling cities had become broken and still, and I had sent our people right into the middle of it.
I was deep in thought when a call came through the walkie that I was barely aware that I was holding.  “Base to Laura,” Jackson’s voice came through. “We need you at the Strip Mall.”
“Annie, will you bring Bailey home and get that Monopoly board set up? And you two, prepare to lose, ha, ha, ha,” I said in my evilest sounding voice.
“Ten- four, over,” said Bailey, officially. It seems that our little Bailey was becoming proficient in what I like to call “Walkie-Speak.”
I watched as Annie and Bailey began to walk up to the house, with the “Laura Ingles” braids that Bailey was now insisting on wearing, bouncing as she walked.
I made my way to the strip mall, walking faster as the many voices in the distance became louder.
Jackson and Mark were standing, armed with guns on their hips, but not pointing them or even holding them. They did not appear to be overly concerned. They seemed to be trying to calm these strangers, who looked really familiar.
I stopped and tried to figure out how I knew these people, and I realized, these are Monterey’s homeless. And the thing that really yelled out to me was that they looked the same as they always had. They were somewhat unwashed, but not downright dirty; like us. Their clothing was a bit worn and torn; like ours. The war had completely leveled the playing field, or had it given these people, with their years of managing on the streets, an advantage?
Monterey had always had a population of homeless. The weather was never too hot or too cold, and the wealthy made it possible for them to exist here fairly easily by giving the panhandlers hand-outs. It was rumored that some of the expensive restaurants on the Wharf would feed them leftovers at night, also.
“Hi, everyone,” I said. At that, all of our visitors began to speak at once. “Okay, okay. I am going to have a brief conversation with these gentlemen, and we will be right back,” I reassured as Mark and Jackson ushered me up to the MV Market where we went inside so that we were not over heard.
“They are looking for a place to go. They were holed-up in one of the warehouses near the car lots. They knew enough to keep themselves boarded in, but they didn’t know when the air would be clear, so they just left the warehouse yesterday. Their food and water ran out, so they had no choice,” Jackson summed up what they had told him.
“Baby, we need to help them. They look healthy enough. I called for Malcom to come down and assess,” said Mark.
Jackson looked hot under the collar. “We don’t have enough for the people we have here, ‘baby.’ We don’t need seventeen more mouths to feed.”
“No, but we could sure use seventeen more able bodies who know how to survive on very little. And who are we to say that this land isn’t theirs, too? A lot of these people have lived here a lot longer than you have,” I informed Jackson. I looked over at Mark’s smug face, and I rolled my eyes. Those two and their pissing matches are going to be the death of me.
“The Peninsula Hotel across the street has been checked out by Jill and Matt. It’s safe and I have been wondering what to do with it. After Malcom clears them, lead them over there and tell them that I will be over to talk to them soon,” I picked up the walkie. “Annie, can you go back to the kitchen? I’ll meet you there. We have seventeen more large meals to prepare.”
As I walked back up to the kitchen, I started to get a knot in the pit of my stomach. The Out-bounders hadn’t returned with the critical supplies we need for the 137 of us and here I was adding more hungry, and more importantly, thirsty people. Our water supplies were so low.
I looked back and caught a glimpse of the line of Monterey’s homeless. I saw a guy who used to walk around town balancing things like cups on his head. One time I was sitting in a downtown restaurant when I swear I saw him walk by with a bunny on his head.
For some reason, Monterey has always attracted a group of colorful characters to its streets. John Steinbeck wrote most of his books about our past residents. I am sure that most students of his work thought they were just wonderful figments of his imagination, but those of us who grew up here know better. The Laboratory of one of his most famous characters, Doc Ricketts’, still stands next to our wildly popular tourist attraction, the Aquarium. Well, used to stand. It’s so hard to think of all of those wonderful man-made places knowing that they were also taken away by man.

August 22
I woke up this morning knowing that I had to make some important decisions. I convened a meeting of the Council first thing, and I had already made up my mind on the two topics we needed to discuss.
The Doc told me that the homeless in the hotel seem to be in fairly good health. Their only real problem was dehydration. To the protests of Jackson, Malcolm sent water to them last night. He does not want us to let them interact for the next three days, just in case. The doctor’s real fear is the pneumonic plague. Apparently, if someone has breathed in the biochems released during the war, and has been left untreated, the bubonic plague bacteria could spread to their lungs. In close contact, it can be contagious and turn into the pneumonic plague. As in the case of Crystal Warner, it can sometimes be treated. I wonder if our medical personnel were taught this in school. Had they been waiting for this to happen all along? 
My other decision was whether or not to send a search party for our missing Out-bounders. I knew that they were in the hands of Billy, who said himself that he was more than capable of doing the run to the Big Box store. But I made up my mind. The party must be in trouble, so I would send an armed group of security people out tomorrow.
At noon, all of the Villagers arrived in front of Town Hall. For the first time since our very first meeting, I was concerned about how the Villagers would react to the news of our newest members. Some Monterey residents had a long time dislike of the homeless, and I didn’t imagine that it had diminished since the war. Since we had no idea these people had made it through, there was no need to broach the subject, until now.
With Mark, Malcom, Reverend John and Jackson standing behind me like an impassable rock wall, I spoke into the microphone. I spoke with all of the confidence I could muster. “Yesterday, we saw our first glimpse of life outside the Village. A clever group of survivors made their way to our doors, asking for shelter. They are now at the Hotel across the street from the strip mall. They are physically well, except for some dehydration that the Doc is treating. We are keeping them away from the general population for the next few days, in quarantine, as a precaution only. After that, I believe that we need to allow them to join us here. They could prove to be a valuable asset to our community.
“The group of people who have arrived are part of the former homeless population of Monterey,” I stopped and waited for the gasps from the crowd.
The dissention came out in a roar of voices. “We want to vote,” said one. “They aren’t residents, they never paid taxes,” came another.
I knew it was the time I had expected to come all along. They were questioning my judgment. I would have been alright with that when it came to other decisions, but not this one. I continued over the growing cries.
“Taxes are a thing of the past,” I spoke out vehemently. “I know this is a sensitive subject to some of you. But now is the time that we decide who we are as human beings. If we dispose of a group of people based upon who they were, race, creed, or monetary worth, then that decision will define us. I am not a bigot, and I do not believe most of you are, either.”
It became quiet again as people began to check their motivations.
“The homeless have much to teach us, if we are ready to be taught. They have managed to stay alive under bad circumstances for much longer than we have. I, for one, am ready to learn from them.
“I believe that you are a people of great goodness. I don’t pretend to understand why we have lived and others have died, but I do know one thing: this Village has come together to help each other. I watched as you brought your own food rations to the Town Hall to share with your neighbors. You had no idea if you would starve to death by the end of the week, but you made a decision to stand together. And that decision is air-tight.
“So, we can have a vote, if you wish. But remember this, at any time your presence in this Village might be questioned if we go down that road. Would you like to be voted out of your home?” I finished with that question for them to ponder.
My carefully chosen backups moved to my sides, and the crowd looked up at us, considering. Some of them looked defiant, yet others looked ashamed. I waited to see which side of human nature would win.
“Let them in,” someone cried out. “No way,” shouted others. That started a complete cacophony of voices, all screaming out their beliefs.
I raised my hand up high until it became silent. “If you believe that letting them in is the right thing to do, clap.” A burst of clapping began. I was surprised how long it continued. Almost everyone was cheering. Those who were opposed to inviting in the outsiders turned and slunk away towards their homes.
I drew a deep breath. I won this one, but it could have easily gone the other direction. In this case, the mob ruled on the side of right.
As it stands, the values of the Villagers are fragile, indeed.
A familiar sound broke through the cheering. As if by some divine act of intervention, (which, of course, I don’t believe in) the Out-bounders returned with horns blaring. Those people who had stood against letting in the homeless turned to see the trucks moving toward us. They began to make their way back down the hill to blend back in with their neighbors.
Bailey ran up to the stage and grabbed my hand and then Mark’s and began to pull us down the hill. Mark and I smiled at each other, realizing what a very good day it was shaping up to be.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw the Hotel rise above the homes of the Villagers, and I realized its proximity to the Town Hall. Could they hear the meeting that had sounded out over the speakers? Was I just an insensitive jerk? My mood dampened a bit, but I went to meet our heroes anyway.
The homeless opened their curtains and watched the festive mood of the parade.
Five large, “Move it Yourself” trucks made their way into the parking lot of the strip mall. They were driven by none other than our now smiling Out-bounders. They looked as if they had a story to tell.
I let the crowd cheer before I climbed up on the running board of the truck Billy was driving. “I need some volunteers to empty the supplies in the trucks into the MV Market and the Ballroom,” I screamed over the crowd.
Every hand went straight up.
“Okay then,” I said. “Everyone helps. Jackson and Matt are in charge. Any questions go to them.” Was I paying Jackson back a little giving him this detail for not wanting the homeless in the Village? You bet.
Mark, Annie, Jill, Bailey and I led the Out-bounders to the Town Hall.
On the street above the Town Square, a small, old woman sat in her wheelchair. We needed to be more careful of the elderly, I thought. I had never seen her before. She must have been one of the people with mobility problems who received their meals at home. I radioed for someone in security to help her immediately.
Annie went into the kitchen to prepare a hot meal for the group. I let Hershey out of the office, and he ran over to sniff the returnees. They must have smelled like the open road to him; however, I couldn’t help noticing the smell of the unbathed myself.
Mark was getting a fire going, not that it was cold. Mark and I always have a fire when greeting people. It’s our way.
Annie quickly served the food, and we waited patiently for the Out-bounders to eat. When they had finished, Billy said, “My compliments to the chef.” Annie blushed.
I began the conversation everyone was waiting for. “Billy, can you tell us what happened? You all have been gone for five days. We knew you might have trouble with cars and debris scattered on the highway, but… five days?”
 “Sorry, Laura. I know, that’s a long time, but we had quite an adventure. The eight of us weren’t ready for what’s out there,” his voice became lower in pitch.
My heart stopped with the realization that now we were really going to know what had happened to our city and those cities surrounding us that once made up our peninsula.
“The motorcycles were a good idea. As soon as we drove up the on-ramp of Highway One, we knew that we were going to have to figure out how we were going to get trucks back into the area. The highway had no cars on it due to the police barricades at the time of the attacks. Cars were not our problem, but downed trees, power poles and other debris were all over. The biggest problem was from the bombs themselves. We all know that we felt a lot of rocking and rolling that horrible day, but we never really figured out what was really being hit.
“I can tell you that Highway One got hit hard. Huge chunks of all of the lanes are gone. Whoever did this to us wanted to take down our infrastructure, and they did. We had to go over the hills to the sides of the highway, which was no easy task on the hogs. We ended up having to get off at the first off-ramp we could find. Then we took side streets. We even went over some completely crumbled homes when we had no other choice. It’s bad. So much is gone, and even though we left in the morning, it was after dark that we made it to the Big Box store.
“The store was partially caved in and the front doors, you know the kind they have, the metal ones that roll down, were broken. We were able to just slide them right up. We decided to wait until light, so that we could see if there was anyone inside. We slept in the tire store next door to it that first night. It was cold, but we made do. The ladies took the office, and we men slept out on the showroom floor.
“It wasn’t comfortable for any of us,” interrupted Samantha. “We had someone keep watch at all times, and we stayed very quiet. Come first light, we made our way into the store, and we were sort of surprised to find as much as we did still there. We realized why the store was only missing some things when we drove around looking for trucks to haul things away in. We locked the metal doors up the best we could and went out to find a semi-truck, one that still ran.”
“We drove around so long,” picked up Carrie, “that we all ran out of gas and we ended up pushing the bikes to every gas station on Fremont Blvd. Most of them had signs up that said they were out of gas. The others were impossible to get pumping without electricity. That night we slept inside a gas station. The next day we decided to leave the bikes and walk until we could find something to drive. We needed something small like our bikes or something big to plow over the wreckage. Levi found one of those trucks with the incredibly big tires, and we loaded into it and headed to a store Billy knew carried generators.”
Billy chimed in, “Yeah, it’s where I got mine. Real nice guy used to own it. We didn’t have high hopes at that point, because everything we saw was either destroyed or looted. What chance did we have to find a generator?
“But we were lucky. The place we were looking for was near the airport, and was never real popular. I mean, most people didn’t have generators, and those who did mostly bought them in big stores or online. Frankly, I don’t know how he stayed open.”
Samantha continued now. “We loaded it up, got back to the gas station and had to figure out how to get things going. Billy worked most of the night, but he finally did it. In the morning, we loaded the truck with gas cans and hid the generator under the floor of the gas station. You know, where they go under your car to change the oil. We were really careful to make it look like nothing was there, in case we ever needed to go back for more.
“Then, we started back toward the store. We must have been some sight, that is, if there had been anyone left to see us. Billy drove the truck while the rest of us took the bikes. We spread out only a little bit, because we didn’t want to lose anyone.
“That’s when I found the ‘Move It Yourself’ place. In back were the bad boys we drove up here in. We loaded the bikes inside and got ourselves back to the store. We spent all night and into the next day loading the stuff from Laura’s list. We slept there last night, and we drove it back here today.”
We all sat compelled by the story. I was almost sad that it ended, until I realized that it was actually a true story, and we now had a huge load of supplies.
“Thank you,” I said. And I meant it more than they knew. “But why didn’t you ever call us on the ham radio?”
“Didn’t work. Joseph is going to have to take a look at it,” said Carrie.
“We got as much as we could,” Billy said. “Sorry we couldn’t get you the fro-yo from the concession stand, Laura.”
“I snuck that on the list for a laugh,” I said with a giggle. “We always had one when we shopped there. It was a little family tradition.”
“Thanks for that, Laura. We did laugh. But, seriously, we need to get those trucks back out there. It is just a matter of time before people figure out how to get trucks in there and clean out the store,” said Billy.
“One of you will need to go, but I will get a fresh group out there in the morning,” I said.
Levi volunteered to show a new group of Out-bounders the ropes. And our brave group of gatherers made their way to their homes for some much needed rest. Their story had made me tired just listening to it. Mark, Bailey, Hershey and I curled up together on the couch near the fire until after dark.

August 23
I ushered the homeless down over to the Village the first thing in the morning. They didn’t seem eager to find their new homes, even after I told them that there were now many beautiful ones to choose from.
We spent over two hours walking up and down the streets, going into empty places. Some had been inhabited by the dead until we had removed them, but they were beginning to air out nicely. I wondered if it was bothering them that they would now be living in houses only because so many had died. But they acted the same way when it came to homes where the occupants had left for parts unknown right before the bombs hit. Even the homes that were empty because they had been for sale didn’t seem to excite them.
I wasn’t sure how to proceed when we made it back to the Town Square. Then Sampson, one of the group who spoke more than the others, asked, “What about the Town Houses above the strip mall? No one seems to live in those.”
“The few residents of the Town Houses who survived opted to find houses to live in. So they are empty. But don’t you guys each want a house of your own?” I asked. I knew I was missing something I shouldn’t be.
“Not really,” said Marla. “We are used to being together. We have been a community for a long time. We would like to stay close to each other.”
That was lesson number one from them. Humbled, I lead this beautiful group to their new homes.
Later in the day, I went by to see how they were settling in. In front of the MV Town House sign stood a new sign. It read “The Homeless.” I tore it out of the ground and walked up to the first door I could find. I rapped loudly. I was fuming.
Sampson opened the door. “Is everything alright?” he asked, eyeing the sign in my hand and the expression on my face.
“No, I just found this,” I said.
“Come in, sit down,” he said.
I looked at him and felt ashamed of my Village. “I am so sorry. I will find out who put this here and take care of them.”
He shook his head. “That’s our sign.”
It took me a minute to grasp that one sentence. “Why would you put it out there?” I asked, stuck on the concept.
“Because that is who we are. It’s our identity, and we are not ashamed of it. So many people died, but we didn’t. The Monterey Homeless made it, and now we are living in this beautiful place.”
Lesson number two came through loud and clear.
“Oh,” I said. “I hadn’t thought of that. But may I ask you a favor? I don’t want to start up any more social classes. I think that was part of the reasons for the wars in the first place. So, if it is alright, you are no longer the ‘homeless.’ Now, you are Villagers, just like all of the rest of us.”
Sampson smiled and nodded. “That will be alright with us,” he said.
And today, I was schooled by the people who used to hold signs on the street corner; the same ones I used to drive right by.

August 24
Today we began a big project here in the Village; Charlotte’s Garden. We used the pallets and soil from the delivery the other day. We had four tin garbage pails to catch rain – if it ever comes back, that is. The work included twenty-six gardeners. Our house had never seen activity like that before.
Annie had refreshments to pass out to the sweaty, dirty people. It was actually a lot of fun. I kept Bailey out of child care for the afternoon, and even Shelby put someone else in charge and joined us. Jessica and she took turns watching little Camella, that is, when they could pry her away from Annie and I. That child is a living doll.
Everything was taking shape by the afternoon. Many other Villagers came to take a peek, and some even tried to offer tips, but Charlotte would have nothing to do with them. She knew exactly how she wanted everything, from the linings in the raised beds, to the PVCs, bowed with clear plastic over them like an old fashioned covered wagon.
We had taken down the fence between ours and the large house next door, once owned by a pilot, which now stood empty. That made the garden space huge.
Our main concern was watering all of the seeds. I had sent out a team with one of our newly acquired moving trucks to find a way to the Carmel River. It was maybe eight miles from us before the war, but who knows how long it would take to get there now? Hopefully, it would be pure enough to use on the garden food.
Charlotte decided to dedicate a large portion of the lot next door to growing wheat. “I’m not sure about what weather the destroyed environment will bring this year. We have to be prepared for everything from extreme heat to freezing temperatures and snow; and everything in between.”
“That’s not great news, but we will deal with it, right?” I asked with hope.
She shrugged in reply.
I can’t imagine Monterey having snow, real snow I mean. Every year some anonymous person used to pay to have a snow maker come to a local park and give us Cali-Natives a taste of winter. But never have we seen what it would look like to have a snow covered landscape. Maybe it would cover up the view of the ruins that have become our new window on the world.
Watching Charlotte share her skills with those younger than her gave me an idea that I wanted to put into motion before the middle of the next week. So I went to my room and opened the curtain to see the swirl of activity below. It stood as my inspiration for growth.
I sat at the desk and started to plan the next phase of our Village life.
Charlotte’s efforts not only inspired me, but they gave me ideas of how to keep the knowledge of the generations going to keep us alive. We cannot afford to waste the information housed within the older populations we have in the Village. We need it now more than ever; before it is too late.

August 25
This morning the classes began, and each Villager under the age of sixty was required to take at least one. The classes were designed for anyone over the age of fourteen. I created ten groups of them, all taught by people who had been experts in their fields. Everyone would cycle through every class, eventually.
I was enrolled in three classes; 1) Sewing Clothing, a class that would teach both mending and creating handmade clothing from templates, 2) Vegetable Canning, and of course, 3) Survival Gardening. The two latter classes helped a lot because they both took place at my house. I knew that I was pushing it with my already overly ambitious schedule, but I would give it a try. I needed to be a role model for the Village.
Mom’s big kitchen was perfect for the food canning, especially since the veggies would already be here so there would only be transportation from the backyard to the kitchen.
One big advantage was that our kitchen would be granted a precious generator. Not that we could use it for running electricity throughout the house like we had before, but we did volunteer to do movie nights at our place.
I took Bailey to her first day of “school” at the Town Hall, and then made it to my first class, sewing; a skill in which I had never shown much promise. But I was excited to get away from my little office and all of the planning that I had been doing.
I made my way to the address of Mrs. April Ingram. It was one of the smaller homes in the neighborhood. It was nicely painted, and I bet that the garden had once been neat and beautiful.
Several of what I assumed to be my new “classmates” made their way to the door with me. One gentleman took the lead and knocked on the door.
“Come in,” came an old voice. The six of us at the door walked into the living room. The smell of sweet powder brought the memory of my grandmother rushing to me.
Ammie was sitting on her great grandmother’s lap, looking up at her. She asked innocently, “Why are you called Grandma, and Annie is called Grandma?”
“Well,” said my beautiful grandmother to the small child with amber colored eyes. “That’s because I am your grandma, too.”
Amanda held out two tiny fingers, “You are Grandma II.”
Amanda and Brianna called her Grandma II until the day she died, just under four years ago.
I took a shallow breath and got up the nerve to make my way through the chilly living room. The lady I saw the day the Out-bound team came home sitting on the street, watching the whole “homeless” upheaval was none other than Mrs. April Ingram.
She was a slight woman, sitting in her wheelchair with an afghan over her legs. She smiled when she saw the small group of us walk through the door. “Come in children, come in,” she said in a polite and quivering voice.
I went over and introduced myself to her. “Hello, I am Laura Balous,” I said, taking her fragile hand in mine. It was soft, like my grandmother’s had been, too.
“Oh, dear. You don’t need to introduce yourself,” she said.
She had set material, needles, threads and holey socks out on her coffee table and started to introduce us to the basics of sewing. While we threaded our needles and plunged them uncertainly into the socks, she began to tell us the story of how she had become a seamstress and designer.
The hour flew by, and at the end, I didn’t want our time to be over. I was looking forward to sewing class tomorrow.
Later in the day was Food Gardening, followed by Canning 101. I spent some time in the office before I made my way up to the house. Bailey had pleaded with me to attend the “Grown-ups” Gardening Class, so I picked her up right after school. She could have gone to child care, but I thought that our sweet girl would get a lot more out of this.
We took the route past the Rajas, who joined us on our way to my backyard. The yard was filled with people. Lizzie didn’t tell me that we had over forty people sign up for this class.
Charlotte was on top of it though. She had a group of people carry up all of the donated gardening tools to the house; and there were a lot of them.
She had half of us working on tilling soil, and the other half was building the raised beds. It was an amazing sight to see all of us producing our food for the future.
Just as I was getting into the groove of it, my radio blared out, “Laura to the main fence. Annie to the main fence. Mark to the main fence.”
“I’ll be right down,” I answered.
“What’s going on down there?” I heard Jackson say. He was almost too protective at this point, but that’s good I guess.
A voice answered over the walkie, “There are some people here who say they know them.”
I had no idea who it could be after all of this time, but something in my gut tugged at me. I started to run down the hill to the great wall that was being erected around my Village.
Annie had been in the kitchen, and she yelled my name as I ran past. I saw Mark ahead of us.
And then I saw an old, very beaten up Buick with someone in the passenger’s seat, legs hanging out, head bent. We were still a distance away, but I knew the figure wearing a tank top, standing next to a slim man holding a rifle. Behind them stood a smaller female. I was sure at the moment I was dreaming because it was simply impossible. My family?
I ran past Jackson, who was already on the radio to the Doc. He tried to catch me, but I hit him really hard (heh) and ran right by his efforts.
I ran up to Bri, and she dropped her rifle, just as shocked to see me as I was to see her. I grabbed hold of her thin frame. My head filled with a mist, making it hard to understand what was actually happening. Was it possible that I was hallucinating? Did I have the plague?
Amanda ran up to me, as I passed Bri to Annie. I held her, and she felt so tiny. We clasped each other tightly, and we fell to the hard pavement. We sobbed as Mark came and gently pulled up both of us into his strong arms. He grabbed Bri into our group hug, tears leaving a trail on his brown skin.
I saw Malcom, helping the person in the passenger seat out of the car. It was a man, and he looked very sick. His face was hollow, and pocked, lips severely chapped and bloody. I gasped. I hadn’t recognized my own brother. I started towards him, but Jackson was determined to hold me back this time. His thick arm was impossible to break away from.
“JACOB,” I cried out as loudly as I could. The Doc, wearing protective clothing, placed him in the golf cart, and started driving towards the Hotel.
Bri and Ammie flanked either side of me, and held my arms as the Doc took their father away.
“He’s is the best doctor alive. He is bringing him to a quarantined area. He will treat him. If anyone can save him, it’s Doc Malcom,” concluded Jackson.
“He needs to go up to the hospital, now,” I yelled at Jackson, as if my brother’s illness was his fault.
Mark made his way to us, and nodded in agreement with Jackson; traitor.
“The Doc will help him, Laura.” Mark looked as blown away by all of this as I felt.
Bri walked over and took the arm of the man who was waiting and watching. “This is Adam, um, my boyfriend. You talked to him on the phone a few times, remember? He helped get us here.” Bri presented him proudly.
I grasped him into a tight hug, and he kindly patted my back. “Thank you for getting them to me.”
“Bri is very kind, but it was a group effort. And she led it,” he conceded.
“I wouldn’t believe anything different of my strong and brave niece. Both of them. You made it,” I said through my tears as I watched a group of medics in even more protective gear make their way quickly to the Hotel.
“What is all of this, Laurie?” asked Ammie. She looked confused and flustered.
Before the war, Ammie had gone from brave and confident child, right into a painfully shy, yet brilliant, teen. I could tell that she still had trouble with strangers, though.
I looked at Jackson and defiantly said, “These people are coming home with me. You can see they are fine, just starving. They need to come to their childhood home. That will give them strength.”
“And they will,” said Billy. Where had he come from? I should have known; he was always with Annie lately. “But first they have to go to the Hotel. Laura, they might have some virus or they might be the carriers, we don’t know by looking at them. They need to go into the three day quarantine, just like everyone else. You saw your brother.”
I wanted to yell at him to just shut up. I needed to be with them. I heard Annie calling to the kitchen for food, water and chicken broth, probably for Jacob. I looked at her face. She was trying to stay calm, but her baby was sick, and she was the ultimate Mama Bear.
“Then Annie and I will go in with them,” I plead with everyone standing, watching the spectacle I was making of myself. I didn’t care. “Surely, the Village could make it three days without us. We hugged them; maybe we are sick, too.”
Tabitha, the PA, came to my side. “You are right. They look healthy, but we can’t take any chances with anyone, especially you.”
“Laurie, it’s okay. We will be okay for three days. I’m not sure how many people are alive here, but we need you all well when we come out. And you need to make sure they get Daddy to the hospital. Please,” Ammie said, looking so scared.
“I will, baby, I will,” was all that I could mutter.
Tabitha started to direct them to the Hotel.
“Jackson, give them your walkie and make sure it is on the most private channel. Understand me?” I ordered. He was already adjusting it before I could finish the sentence.
Annie, Mark and I watched as they walked across the street and into the building.
I turned to Annie, and we sobbed with every emotion we had in our arsenal.
I walked back up the hill with Annie, Mark and Billy knowing that my family, who I believed must be dead, wasn’t. They were alive, and they were here.
~~~
On our way back home, we walked past the Village gardeners. Bailey came and clasped my hand. All eyes were on us, as this part of my family walked into the house, and shut ourselves away from the world.
I went to my room alone because I needed time to digest what had happened. I lay down on my bed and clamped my eyes shut. Then I was afraid to open them and find out that I had dreamt it all.
Finally, I began to write in this diary. It is the only place I can be completely truthful with myself.
My brother is so sick and I knew, as soon as I had realized it was him, the chances are that he will be dead soon. It’s like having him die twice, and I don’t know if I could take that.
Hershey had his head next to mine, and he even placed his paw on my shoulder, as if to tell me that everything will be alright.
I have spent about an hour in my room, alone. It’s time to join everyone and get things in place for my beautiful family of refugees.
~~~
After I emerged from my room, I saw everyone pretty much where I left them in the living room. All except Bailey. I didn’t say a word as I went to her bedroom door and knocked softly.
“Hey, sweetie,” I said. “May I come in?”
She nodded her head that was buried in her pillow.
“What’s wrong, baby?” I asked as I stroked her hair.
“I have to go now that your real family is here,” she said through quiet sobs.
“Wait, what? Who said that?” I asked.
“I just know it,” her sobs became louder.
“You are wrong. You will stay right here with us, unless you don’t want to,” I curled up next to her and held her.
“I want to,” she said as she started to get her sobs under control. She turned over, so we were face to face.
“And what’s that business about real family?  As long as people love each other they are real family. Bailey, we are real family. And now you have even more people in your family. Bri, and Ammie are your cousins, and Jake is your uncle.” I told her.
“I love you, Laura,” she said. I was relieved when she smiled.
“I love you, too, Bailey,” I said with an embrace.
We both walked into the living room to join Annie, Mark and Billy. Billy was holding Annie, quietly reassuring her that Jacob would be alright. I wasn’t sure that making that promise was a good idea, but I didn’t say anything.
I let Bailey hear my walkie conversations, hoping nothing upsetting was said. She needed to know that she was a part of our family. She took a seat next to Annie, and began helping Billy calm her. I watched on, amazed at her intuitiveness, even at her young age.
I began to call out to Doc or Jackson, when someone knocked at the backdoor. I opened it to see Malcom.
“Come in, Doc,” I said, leading him down the hall and into the grave mood of our living room. I sat next to Mark, and he took my hand, ready to brace me if the news was bad.
“I just rode up with Jacob on his way to the hospital. I helped him into the golf cart to get him through the forest. So, he is on his way up there to Doctor Riley. I feel comfortable with her seeing to him up there. She has been handling a lot of cases of the Yersinia pestis. I’m sorry, but your son, and brother, has a form of the plague,” Malcom said with a doctor’s compassion.
I knew he was still talking, but I couldn’t hear a word after “plague” for several minutes. When I came back to earth, the Doc was still talking.
“… and yet, I still think that he has a fighting chance. It’s not the 1400’s now. And even though the hospital is in shambles, there are still things we can do for him.” The Doc looked me in the eye, “What I am saying is, don’t give up hope.”
“I want to see him,” I said adamantly.
“He is in isolation for the next twenty four hours. No one in, and no one out,” he replied. “Laura, focus on your nieces right now. They are going to need you to be strong for them.”
I hate being forced to be strong, I thought.
We sat in the living room as it grew dark. Mark lit a fire, and we ate a bit of food that we had on hand. Billy took the toaster upstairs and plugged it into the generator, however that works. He brought us a feast of Toaster Tarts and Bailey ate several. I was happy that she had something in her belly. Even Hershey was treated to a Toaster Tart, and he swallowed it down so quickly, it made us all laugh.
“Laura, turn to channel twenty to talk to your nieces,” said Jackson over his walkie.
“Thank you, Jackson. Ten-four,” I said and waited for him to tell me how stupid I had been today with the girls. But he said nothing else.
“Ammie, Bri, Adam. Are you there?” I called out to them.
As soon as I took my finger off the button I heard, “Aunt Laurie, it’s Bri. Over.” With her military background she knew exactly what to do.
“Hey, sweetie,” I said. “We are all right here, kiddo. Everyone say hello,” I asked of our group. Hello’s rang out.
“Sounds like a lot of you, who all is there?” Ammie asked.
“Mark, Grandma Annie, me, our close family friend and savior, Billy Young, and the newest member of our family, Bailey. She is eight and she is your new cousin.”
“I can’t wait to meet you. My name is Amanda, but my nutty family calls me Ammie. You can call me that, too.
“Laurie, how is Daddy?”
I closed my eyes, not wanting to say the “P” word to them.
“He is in the hospital now,” Mark took over, reading my reticence. I looked over at him and mouthed the words “thank you.”
He nodded and continued, “I won’t lie to you girls. He is not well. When the attacks came, various chemical weapons were released into the air. One was called Yersinia pestis.”
“The plague,” said Bri. “That’s what we thought. How long does he have?”
“Doc Malcom said that the next twenty four hours are essential,” I finally found the courage to speak. If Bri could handle the reality, so could I.
“But he also said that they have doses of the antidote,” Billy added. The Doc must have said that when I took my little mental vacation.
“I want to be with him,” Ammie’s voice was breaking through the sobs.
“Me, too. Ammie. Right now I need all three of you to eat, drink, and get stronger,” I said. “I will get word to your dad to let him know that you are all doing okay now.”
“Aunt Laurie, what is your role around here?” asked Bri. “I talked to Colonel Jackson, and he said that you are in charge of some kind of Village. What does that mean? I’m confused.”
“Jackson has a big mouth,” I said. “But, yes. I am in charge of what we are calling the Monte Vista Village.”
Bri laughed out before she spoke, “What kind of a hokey-assed name is that? And you are in charge? Way to go, Aunt Laurie.”
“Why thank you for both compliments. I named it myself, as a matter of fact,” I kidded with her. Bri has always loved to tease. It felt natural engaging with her like this, all except the walkie.
“Now, talk to Grandma Annie,” I said.

August 26
I woke up early this morning not sure what to do. I checked in with the Doctor Riley, and she told me that Jake was resting comfortably now. They were giving him IV fluids and a cocktail of intravenous antibiotics. He was a high priority case, and she had been with him the whole night. I couldn’t thank her enough.
I went down to Town Hall and dropped Bailey off at school. I had Lizzie, who was in her office even before I was, call a Council meeting for 8:00. Everyone was there five minutes before, like usual. The Council took their job seriously.
“As you know, my family has found their way to the Village all the way from Phoenix, Arizona. My brother is gravely ill, and my nieces, accompanied by one boyfriend, are in the Hotel. I have communications set up with them, but I have not asked about what happened on the road here, and what they know about attacks in different places. When they are ready, they will tell me.
“My family, while happy to be together, are very concerned for my brother. I would like someone to fill in for Annie in the kitchen. Mark, will you be able to take over some of my duties when I need you to?”
“Absolutely, but if you need me as your husband, that takes priority. I can handle both,” he said. I was surprised that he would be so personal in front of all these people, but I appreciated it.
“Good, now are there any concerns about our new guests, beyond my sick bother? All precautions were used, but the Doctor can speak to that,” I said.
“He has the plague. In the Middle Ages, it was known as the Black Death. Like Laura said, we used all precautions, so I am not worried about it spreading from this one case. Amanda, Brianna and Adam are very malnourished, but they show no signs of being sick. I don’t know what happened with them, but I can theorize Jacob must have gotten hit by the chemicals when the others were not around. He spoke to me when I brought him to the Hotel. He told me to keep his girls safe. He also told me to tell his mother and his sister that he loved them. I was impressed that he could talk at all. He’s a strong man,” said Malcom.
I had to sit down at his words from my brother before I fell down. Jackson jumped up to catch me, but Mark was already there.
“I can take it from here,” said Mark.
Why had Jackson made me the leader here? I am so weak; so emotional.
~~~
I decided to try and go about my day because there was nothing else I could do.
I walked into sewing class at Mrs. Ingram’s house a few minutes tardy to class. The room went quiet when I entered, and I felt terribly self-conscious.
“Please sit on the couch, Laura. I only have four foot-pedal sewing machines, so we will have to take turns. First, I would like you to just sew a straight line,” she instructed the people sitting at machines at the dining room table. Those who did not have one watched from behind those who did.
I was the only one sitting in the living room, and I wondered if I should leave. I tried sewing class in school, but I couldn’t get the little bobbin thingy on right. I transferred out of that class back then when I realized that it would completely ruin my GPA.
I stood to leave, when Mrs. Ingram wheeled herself into the living room with a tray of packaged cookies.
“Don’t leave dear. Sit a spell and get your bearings. I heard what happened from Emma Winter, she’s the one who brings me meals and helps me out here,” said Mrs. Ingram, sympathetically. She looked at my face that betrayed my surprise. “Yes, news travels fast in the Village, especially when it comes to you, I am afraid. Your family is like the royal family of the Village. Some things never change.”
I didn’t want to know what kind of gossip was going on about me after the scene I made yesterday.
“Dear Laura, may an old lady offer some advice?” she asked.
“Yes, ma’am,” I said out of politeness only. I really felt like crawling into a hole.
“Forget about the gossip, and forget about this damn Village. Focus on what you need to do to get you through your day until you get news of your brother. And then do what you need to do for you and your family. You have the Village up and running, and it can spare you for a few days,” she advised.
She made sense. For the entire class, I sat on Mrs. Ingram’s couch, ate cookies, and looked on as people buzzed away at the sewing machines. When they left, Mrs. Ingram asked if I would like to stay a while, and I gratefully accepted her offer. I blame it on the smell of the floral powder she wore. I felt like my grandmother was close by while I was at her house.
“Mrs. Ingram, does it seem like I am hiding?” I asked.
“Yes, but no one deserves it more,” she answered. “You want to go up to the hospital and be with your brother, don’t you?”
“Yes, but they told me that I couldn’t see him yet,” I answered.
“It seems to me that the old rules don’t apply anymore, child. In fact, it seems to me that you make the rules now,” she said, planting a seed in my head.
“I am afraid of what they are going to tell me, though,” I said revealing my weakness to her.
“Laura, do you wonder how your brother and nieces, along with your whole family here in the Village, survived?” she asked.
“All of the time,” I answered.
“It’s not magic, girl. It’s strength. And it runs in your family. Now, go up there and see your brother. He is going to be alright, you know. He shares your DNA,” she delivered her dangerous message to me with a confident smile; dangerous because it was one of hope.
I began my journey up to the hospital, but first I stopped by the house and left my walkie in front of the back door.
The path through the forest was becoming clearer, as it was being used a lot these days. It was still a foggy morning; the type someone not from this area would think was eerie. I have always loved the fog. It smelled fresh, there in the trees, unlike the Village which still held the remnant smells of decay.
When I reached the hospital, I stopped. I was told that it had taken some heavy hits in the war, but I was still not ready to see what had become of it. It had been the most beautiful hospital I had ever seen. It was designed so that almost every window looked out on a rose garden, with the backdrop of the open forest.
The building no longer looked white, but was now a dingy gray color. More than half the building had crashed in on itself. It looked like I felt in the moment, as I made my way to the part of the building that still stood.
Inside, the dim light gave way to another sad scene. A woman sat at a desk that looked like it had just landed in that spot when the ground shook and no one had bothered putting it back where it belonged. She looked up at me and asked, “How may I help you?”
“My name is Laura Balous. I am here to see my brother, Jacob Patton,” I said with all of the confidence I could muster.
“Laura. Hello,” the lady made her way from behind the desk, hand offered to me. “I am so glad to finally meet you. I haven’t been down to the Village, yet. I have been sleeping here, in one of the rooms since it happened. Thank you so much for supplying us with food and water.”
I knew that I should be offering her a place to live in the Village, but I wasn’t here to talk shop. I needed to see my Jake.
“Do you think you could show me to my brother’s room?” I asked rather meekly.
“Let me call Doctor Riley,” she said. She picked up a large, black, “industrial strength” walkie and paged the doctor. While she was busy tracking her down, I walked gingerly around the darkened halls. They must have been using only partial generator power. The lighting that did exist gave off a strange, green hue and it flashed on and off, dimly.
“Laura, follow me please,” said the reception lady. She didn’t offer her name, and I didn’t ask.
We went through a maze of halls, all glowing with that same strange green. A portion of one of the halls had a large hole, and the cold fog blew in and blended with the green lighting. I got a chill down my spine as I passed.
At one of the still standing nursing stations, Doctor Riley looked at me. “Laura, I am surprised to see you here.”
“How is Jake?” I asked, ignoring her intended admonishment. The lady had announced me.
“He is off the ventilator, but he still needs oxygen. When he came in, I didn’t think he would last the night. Now, if I were a betting gal, I would say he stands a decent chance. But his heart is weakened, Laura. He might never return to the same health as before,” she explained. “Would you like to see him?”
I looked at her, and she continued, “Of course, you would. Follow me, and be prepared. His skin has poxes, and it will appear slightly blue. You need to put on protective clothing, for the safety of both of you.”
I did as I was told, feeling very lucky to have this opportunity.
I walked into a scene from the movie ET. The one where they had up all of the plastic and the doctors and scientists were all but dissecting their alien visitor.
My brother did look awful. That shade of blue was alarming, even after the doctor’s warning, but I was determined not to let it show on my face. He looked up at me.
“Hey, you,” I said, producing a smile despite my alarm.
He went to pull down his breathing mask, but I tried to stop him. “Don’t. This might be the only chance I have to talk while you just listen.”
He forced a smile, too.
“Doctor Riley said that you are doing great,” I said with fake cheer. He seemed to see right through it. “I didn’t say that she said you can get right up and run a marathon just that you were progressing in the right direction.
“The girls are safe and healthy. They miss you, but Mom has been keeping them busy on the walkie. You know Annie. It would be a miracle if she let them rest at all last night.”
He gave a slight nod in recognition.
“Laura, how did you get all of this going?” he asked weakly.
“I also can’t wait for you to see our Village,” I said, avoiding explaining my role in it all. It didn’t matter now. “Jake, the people have come together. You know all of those neighbors who we never met. Well, we know each other now. And we are helping each other to survive. I don’t really know how our homes made it through, but many did. Annie’s house needs some work, but we are getting there…”
I continued to talk for almost two hours. When Jake’s eyes finally closed, I let him sleep.
“Not much one on listening these days,” came the familiar voice behind me.
“Nope,” I said without turning around.
“Doctor Riley says he’s improving,” said Jackson.
“Yep,” I replied. “How did you find me?”
“Heh, it wasn’t too hard. I made an educated guess,” he said in a quiet voice, as he made his way further into the room. “You dumped your walkie. Smart move, I didn’t expect that one. Here you go.”
He handed me back my abandoned walkie.
“What do you want, Jackson?” I asked.
“I wanted to see if you were okay,” he said.
“Doing great. But can’t you see that I’m busy here?” I told him.
“Busy sitting? Yep, I see. But the thing is, I think your husband is in a little over his head,” he said.
“Great, let’s go,” I said. Before I left, I placed a gentle hand on my brother’s hand.
The day droned on, and all I could think about was my brother and nieces. Once things were squared away in the Town Hall, I sat down at my office desk and turned my walkie to the private channel. I could hear Annie talking.
“Room for one more in this conversation?” I asked.
“Hi Aunt Laurie, hi Laurie,” came three voices, one male.
“Hi all,” I said. “I hope that you are finding your accommodations to your liking.”
“Are you kidding,” answered Ammie. “They delivered hot water for showers this morning. Nothing has ever felt better in my whole life.”
“And I am going down to kitchen today to bake chocolate chip cookies,” Annie said, sounding so much better. “I’ll send them up, warm and sweet.”
A round of ums, and ahs, sounded out.
“I saw Jake earlier. Doctor Riley said that he is steadily improving,” I offered my worried family.
“Oh, my God. I’m going up right now,” said Annie.
“No, Annie,” I said. “Not yet. But he does look a lot better.”
The girls both cried for a moment while Adam talked. “You hear that? That’s what I told you.”
I decided to try and stay on track with my classes, so Bailey and I went home and helped to till soil and boil bottles for canning. All in all, it was a good day.

August 28
I was at the Hotel the first thing in the morning, accompanied by Annie, Billy and Mark.
Annie and Billy are now inseparable, and I am really happy for them. Funny, they had been neighbors for over thirty five years and never met until, well, you know.
Adam, Bri and Ammie emerged from the building in that order. They all looked gaunt, but much better than when they pulled up to our walls. They were clean, had new clothes (the stuff we had liberated from the mall) and had color in their cheeks.
After more group hugs, I said, “Let’s take you home. You can rest there.”
“Are you kidding?” said Bri. “We have been stuck inside that hotel for three days. We slept, ate and slept more. I think we need some exercise. We are still young, Aunt Laurie.”
“Ha, that’s the kind of jabbing I missed from you, kiddo. Good, then I will give you the two-buck tour of the Village,” I offered.
“Great,” said Ammie, as she took my arm around hers and guided me towards the Village. That was typical of her. How comforting it was now-a-days to have anything familiar happen.
We walked to the wall that had come pretty far over the last few days. Jill stood in front of it, wearing a hard hat and directing the construction crew.
“Jill,” I yelled out. She looked up with a huge smile. “Laura, Annie, I’m so happy for you. This gives me hope for my Marcy to come home one day through these very gates.”
“Jill,” I said, guiding her over to the girls. “This is Brianna, Amanda, and Adam; my family.” Adam’s face grew red, but I didn’t care. He is family. Annie had told me on the way to the Hotel that his parents and siblings had not made it. He had found their bodies and buried them on their way here.
Bri looked at the wall, admiringly. “It looks like a good barrier. Have you been having trouble with the Wanderers?”
“Wanderers?” Mark asked in a concerned voice.
“They are everywhere. And they are bad,” Adam said.
Jill looked on with a worried expression. “We haven’t had any trouble, yet,” she said. “We are getting prepared, though. The Colonel is worried about our proximity to the highway, but we know it’s pretty destroyed, now. So, we are hoping that we don’t see any Wanderers.”
Adam shook his head. “They will find their way; trust me. And they can be savage.”
I was now very afraid of what it took for them to get here; what they must have seen and maybe even done.
I walked them up to the MV Market, and we all peered through the new windows. There was still a team working on the shelves. “This is where we are storing our supplies. We are also using the ballroom and bakery, too.” They looked inside while their jaws dropped open.
We walked past the MV Town Houses towards the Town Hall. “And this is where the previously homeless live,” I explained.
“Homeless?” Bri asked with one eyebrow cocked.
“Yes,” I said. “They are some of the hardest workers we’ve got. They are the ones on the wall with the hammers. They are all over fixing windows, gardening, cooking, you name it.”
Recognizing my “don’t mess with me” voice, Bri didn’t argue.
“How did you do all of this?” Adam asked, looking around like he was on his first trip to Disneyland.
“We all did,” answered Annie. “But Laura led every aspect of it.” Annie was proud, and it showed.
“Thanks, Annie. But you are right. It was everyone. We have 141 people now, if my count is correct. Sometimes I lose track of the number. Everyone contributes, and everyone eats. It’s still one small meal in the morning, and a three o’clock supper, but we are hoping to expand that soon,” I continued my tour.
An hour and a half later, we had picked up Bailey, and were sitting in the living room in front of a warm fire.
“I can’t believe you have a fire,” Ammie said.
“The one thing we have more than enough of is wood,” said Mark.
Bailey stood in front of Amanda, and looked at her thoughtfully. “Why do they call you Ammie?” she asked.
Everyone “in the know” laughed. “Ask Laura,” Ammie said.
“Well, when Amanda was small, she walked around with a little plastic bat. She loved the cartoon The Flintstones, so she would walk up to her sister and hit her over the head yelling ‘Bam, Bam,’ and somehow it turned into Am, Am, and then it became Ammie,” I said.
“See, the thing you need to know, Bailey, is that Laura and the girls have this thing. They have a story and nickname for everything,” said Adam to the wide eyed girl.
Bailey nodded, “Kind of like the story about why I wear braids, right Laura?” she asked. We all laughed as I tugged on one of her neat, little braids.
“Can we see Dad now?” asked Bri, doing a 180 on that subject.
~~~
The seven of us walked up to the hospital, but Bailey stayed behind to work with Charlotte in the garden. It wasn’t even class time, but Charlotte spent most of her time in our backyard.
We walked through the forest in silence as everyone drank in the scene of the hospital ahead.
When we got to the door of Jake’s room, Doctor Riley caught us before we went inside. I did the introductions, and she updated us on his status.
We reverently went into the room. This time we did not need to wear protective gear. Jake was awake and no longer needed the oxygen mask. He looked way better than he had when I saw him on the bed for the first time.
“Hey,” he said, as he watched us all file into the room. I let Annie and the girls go to his bedside and greet him. I enjoyed watching on as each of their faces came to the realization that he was indeed getting better.
When we were kicked out of the room by a surly nurse named Mable, I slipped Jake my walkie. “To talk to your girls,” I told him.
We walked home through the forest in a much lighter mood. That was until Jackson huffed up to me and handed me a shiny new walkie. How did he always know?
He turned on his heels, and yelled over his shoulder as he walked the way he came. “And don’t give that away again, it’s solar,” he commanded. “And don’t any of you eat too much at Supper. You are all coming to my house for dinner at seven.”
Mark and I looked at each other.
Seriously, how did he already know about the walkie?
I could hear Jackson’s patented “heh, heh” from the distance he had already made from us.
~~~
On the way to the Town Hall, I saw one of my favorite Villagers sitting in her driveway under the still soiled and burnt skies, watching as life continued on around her.
“Hey, come with me,” I told my little group.
“Hello, Mrs. Ingram,” I said. “May I introduce my family?”
“Why, of course, dear,” she said.
“This is my mother, Annie, my nieces, Brianna and Amanda, my nephew, Adam, and my husband, Mark,” I said.
“Oh, what a strong looking family. I am very pleased to meet you all,” she said. “I do hope that you will all take my sewing class like Laura, here.”
I saw the surprised reactions to the news that I was taking sewing lessons.
“Why don’t you all start down, and I’ll catch up,” I pressed them on. I wanted a private moment with Mrs. Ingram.
“I wanted to thank you for the other day. Your advice helped so much,” I said.
“How is your brother, dear?”
“He is getting stronger every day.”
“See, no magic, just strong DNA.”
~~~
I gave Bailey a choice to join us at Jackson’s dinner party or to go to the Rajas to “play” with the older girls, Chandra and Gita. She picked the Raja’s house.
On our way up the street to attend Jackson’s dinner, my taking sewing class was the butt of the joke. Bri got that ball rolling. The six of us must have been a sight, walking up the street laughing and kidding. Seeing Jake doing so well left us all feeling light. At that moment, it was almost like the war never happened.
“Aunt Laurie, remember when you made Ammie that tutu, and it was like six sizes too big, and you had to safety pin it to her leotard to keep it on her?” Bri said.
“Ahh, yeah. And it was awesome,” I poked back, knowing how ridiculous she had looked at her little ballet recital when she was five years old.
“I looked like some punk rocker, ballet reject,” Ammie commented. “And I didn’t want to go out on the stage.”
“No way,” I lightheartedly fought back as I rang Jackson’s doorbell. “You know that you just had stage fright.”
When Jackson opened the door we were all still laughing, and he gave us a strange look. He led us into the bright light of his house. His electricity was a bit foreign since we had been using it so sparingly at the Town Hall and in our kitchen.
“Where are you getting all the fuel for this?” I asked as I walked in. Bri shot me a look.
“And welcome to my home,” Jackson said as he waved us in. “And it’s solar.”
I was surprised that Lizzie was there, sitting on the couch with a glass of wine in her hand. She hadn’t mentioned she had been invited when I saw her in the office earlier.
“Hey,” she greeted us all happily. “Look, I finally got that glass of fine wine.”
“It couldn’t be better than the boxed stuff my wife stole,” Mark joked. Only Jackson, Lizzie and I laughed. My family’s faces looked on in shock.
“Oh, stop you guys,” I said. “It was well after the war and anyone claiming ownership of a box of wine. And I even left two dollars on the counter before we left.”
“You did? Heh, heh, heh,” laughed Jackson.
“I think we missed something,” said Adam to Bri and Ammie.
“Don’t worry,” said Annie. “I have no idea what they are talking about, either.”
“Only that your daughter is a lightweight with sticky fingers,” said Jackson, handing me a large glass of red wine. I swirled it in the glass, checked the color and watched the legs slide slowly down the glass. I could tell it was the good stuff. One heavenly sip confirmed it. I’ll be dreaming about that glass of wine for a while.
“Pretentious,” whispered Jackson loudly as he skirted by me to deliver the wine to his other guests.
“No, thank you,” said Bri.
“Yes, please,” said Ammie. Everyone laughed. “What? I want to taste some fine wine.”
“Well, seeing as I am the Mayor, or whatever, and the under twenty one laws don’t really apply because, let’s face it, who’s going to uphold them, I say go for it,” I said looking at my beautiful Amanda, furtively. She returned the look.
The table was set beautifully, like it took some effort on Jackson’s part. Maybe he was trying to impress Lizzie, I hoped.
“Well come on, sit, eat,” he said. “We are having venison. I bagged a deer patrolling a few nights ago.”
“I didn’t hear any gun shots,” said Annie.
“I was sort of far,” he said. “Well, dig in. The potatoes are boxed, but they aren’t bad. The veggies are the frozen kind.”
“Wow,” said Mark. “You have quite the setup here, Jackson.” I tried to remember when Mark had stopped calling him Colonel. I wondered how Mark had made it through ten years in the army. He never was much for “the chain of command.”
“Yes, I do,” Jackson responded curtly. “I have been fixing this place up for my retirement, long before I actually moved in. The idea was to bring the place completely off the grid. I mean no electricity, no forced plumbing from the outside and a few other things.”
“Sir, your home is amazing,” said Bri. “Thank you for inviting us. This is the best meal we have had since before…” she trailed off. Her face went grim with remembrance.
I knew how she felt. We all do that now. When things start to feel like the time before the war, the guilt slips in. How can we be happy when everything beyond the Village walls was a gruesome reminder of our reality?
“Dig in, solider,” he told her cheerfully, attempting to bring back the pleasant mood.
“I’m sorry,” said Bri, lowly.
“No worries, Specialist Patton,” said Jackson. “Everyone here gets it. So, what do you think of what your Aunt has done here?”
“Unfreakin’ believable, sir,” said Bri with a smile. The military and their language, gotta love it.
“Hoorah,” replied the Colonel. That made everyone laugh.
“It’s remarkable,” said Ammie. She still had a small, “little girl” voice. “I can’t believe what you all have done. There is nothing out there like this. It’s only a wasteland now. But here you have life, and growth. I can’t wait to get to work in Grandma Annie’s garden.”
Lizzie laughed, “Just wait to see what your Aunt Laura has in store for you. You might not have that much time to play in the dirt. All of you, I have the orders in my purse.” I gave her the “gee, thanks” look.
Had Lizzie and Jackson set up this moment? I wondered.
“Well, I guess we can talk about it,” I started, hoping there would be some kind of protest, but everyone looked on interestedly. Shit.
“Okay,” I said swallowing down my first taste of venison ever; and it was good. What I wouldn’t have given to have just sat there and enjoyed it with no conversation at all. “Oh my gosh, this is great.
“Well, I was going to wait until you three were ready,” I stopped and waited to see if I would be granted a last minute reprieve. Nope. “As you know, everyone in the Village has a job and has classes to teach them how to survive in this new world. For example, Jackson here will soon be teaching a class in building green, like he did here in this house.”
Jackson coughed up the bite he had just taken, and Lizzie handed him a glass of water. That made Ammie giggle and take a sip of the wine. Her face scrunched up, and she shook her long, shiny brown locks as she tried another sip anyway. She would eventually come to like wine, I felt sure. How do I know? She is my niece.
“Adam, I have you on the Out-bound team. I would like you to take the place of Billy as team leader. Billy has asked to be replaced because ‘it’s just too hard for him at his age.’ His words, not mine. I know you have been a collector of guns for a while, and you understand how to navigate out there, and that will be the key to getting us the supplies required for us to survive,” I said.
“Laura, thank you. I appreciate your trust in me and will do my best not to let you down,” said Adam. I could see him swell with pride, not just for his new position on the Out-bound team, but for his new position in our family.
“You are welcome. You can also pick your two classes tomorrow,” I finished up with him and moved on to my next victim. “As for you, Bri, the Colonel has graciously offered you a position directly under him.”
Bri’s expression was priceless. “Are you kidding me?” she asked, putting down her glass of water. “And if you are, that’s just mean.”
“No joking,” answered Jackson. “I will warn you now that this is going to make several higher ranking soldiers pretty pissed. However, they have never been deployed. Since you made it up here from Arizona, I would say that qualifies as a deployment with combat experience in theater.”
“It was,” answered Ammie. “I should be a General.”
“Well, your Aunt has other plans for you, little lady,” he said. Oh, Ammie does not like being called “little lady” any more than I do. Just wait until she knows Jackson better.
“I am not going to let the other military members of my team have a chance to argue it. This is not an official military endeavor. We are Village Security, and they are just going to have to deal with it. You start tomorrow. Report at the wall at 04:30. I will give you your duty weapon before you leave tonight,” finished Jackson.
Bri’s eyebrow went up, but she replied, “Yes, sir.”
“One last thing, Bri,” I said. “You can pick one class to take because this position is going to be very time intensive, I presume.” Jackson only nodded, and kept shoveling potatoes into his mouth.
“So, that leaves Ammie,” I said. “This was my hardest decision. I know that you were planning for a Law Degree before your education was interrupted, but I refuse to allow that brain go to waste. With your 4.7 high school GPA and nearly perfect SATs, there are several important roles you can play in our community; your community, now. We have several lawyers and one judge, and they are now learning new skills until we need them in a legal capacity. We don’t need anyone else in the area of the law, especially since those laws are sort of questionable now, if not obsolete.
“We need more people in two different area, medicine and engineering. I know that you thought about these before deciding on the law. Here is what I am presenting you with. You will be the apprentice under Doc Malcom for two months. He has agreed to this, and will provide you with the books you need to study when you are not working with him. You will also arrange time with Charlotte to learn about growing herbal meds. Eventually, when the pharmacy drugs run out, they are going to become very important here,” I said and waited for a reply. I was afraid that this was going to be too much for her. Ammie has always been a bit physically fragile, but never weak. She is very hard on herself, and at this time, medicine is the most difficult field in the Village.
“Um, what if I want to go into engineering?” she asked.
“If, after two months you don’t feel that becoming a doctor is what you want, then you can roll over to engineering. Sound fair?” I asked.
I held my breath as I waited for her to think. It’s a lot to ask.
“I’m good to go,” she said. “When do I start and what are my hours?”
“If you are ready, tomorrow,” I said relieved. “Nine to five.”
“What days of the week will I work?” she asked.
“Every day, like we all do,” I told her.
~~~
We ended dinner, and I asked Lizzie to call a meeting for the morning. With that, we gave our thanks and went home to figure out our sleeping arrangements. Thankfully, Annie’s house is huge.
After picking up Bailey and putting the sleepy child to bed, I sat in the living room, trying to get a take on my busy day.
Ammie was the only other person who was not ready to retire to their room. She stoked the fire and sat next to me. She curled up on my side, head on my shoulder, like she always has done. Comfort.
“Laurie, I think you have too much faith in me,” she said. “I am afraid I am going to let you down.”
“Amanda, that’s impossible. You can never let me down. I want you and everyone in the Village to have options because life here has gone on, in spite of all odds. Hey, do you still have your cell phone?”
“Ah, yeah. I can’t seem to let it go, stupid, I know,” she said.
“Not at all. Go and get it. I’ll get mine and we can charge them up on my hand crank and look at the pictures,” I said.
We sat, looked at photos, laughed and stared into the fire for a long time. It felt good to have her here, safe and by my side. All in all, it was a win day for Team Patton. And we don’t get many of those anymore.

August 29
Bri was gone way before any of us got up. I could never do a job that required me to be up that early, especially now that a chill is starting to set in. I don’t know how to tell her how much I appreciate her taking on this duty.
The rest of us made it down to the Town Hall about forty minutes before the meeting. I brought Ammie to the medical tent and stayed with her for a bit. It reminded me of her first day of kindergarten. I couldn’t help but wax nostalgic.
“Hello, and welcome,” said Malcom. I could tell he was happy to see us. The smell of strong disinfectant in the tents stung my eyes and the inside of my nose.
“Hi,” said Ammie reluctantly. “Where should I start?” That made me proud.
“So, this is our medical tent. It started out as a triage, and now we are using it more as a day clinic. The emergency cases go up to the hospital, as you know. And quarantine is in the Hotel,” he began his orientation.
I slipped out and spotted Adam, looking a little lost among all of the people in the Square who were walking with purpose.
“Adam,” I called out. “Hey, how’s it going?”
“I dropped Bri off this morning at the wall, and I have been just hanging around ever since. I hung out with Annie in the kitchen for a few hours. This place really is remarkable,” he commented, still in bewilderment. The continuing comments about how amazing the Village is give me a glimpse into how bad it must be out there.
“Thanks, I agree. Do you want to keep me company until the Village meeting? Then, you need to come to the Council meeting right after that,” I told him.
“Sure,” he said. I think he was happy to have a place to go. He looked like a little boy. He was so lost.
“Don’t worry, Adam. You will fit in. It just takes a little time to get in the rhythm here,” I said.
“Not Bri. She went straight to the Colonel like she has been doing it for years,” he said.
“That’s because she has been doing it for years,” I started. “None of us were sure about what Jake was thinking, letting her join up at seventeen, but it looks like it wasn’t such a bad idea, considering. Don’t worry; there are a lot of people out of their element here, including me. Just wing it. Pretend you have been doing this forever. That’s what I do.”
We began the meeting on time. Jackson brought Bri with him to the stage, and I sent Adam to get Ammie so that they could join them.
“Good morning, Villagers,” a small cheer came from the crowd in the Square. “It has been a little time since our last gathering, but as the rumor mill might suggest, I have been rather busy.” An embarrassed little laugher rose.
I smiled and continued. “I am overjoyed to confirm that part of my family from Arizona has made their way to Monterey. Words cannot do justice to how I am feeling right now. Thanks to all who have expressed good wishes for my brother’s speedy recovery.
“I can’t imagine how you all are feeling about these recent events, but I hope that you can take the arrival of my family as a glimmer of hope that your family is trying to make their way home to you, too.
“Without further ado, I would like to introduce my new nephew, Adam, and my niece, Brianna and my other niece, Amanda. They are finding the Village to be extraordinary. That is because of the non-stop dedication of everyone here. You have ensured our survival way beyond what I thought was possible. You have created a place for my newly reunited family, and all of us, to move beyond survival and to prosper in a real life. And for that, I thank you.
“Now, let’s move on to other business. Lizzie Burgess has been a big help in creating a system for you all to submit comments, suggestions and questions to the Council, but I will let her explain,” I finished and passed the microphone to Lizzie as I led my family off the stage to continue their day.
The Council meeting was assembled by the time I left the office to join them. Adam was sitting at the table looking pale. I was beginning to worry that this was all a little too much for him. I hoped I was wrong. Malcom and Jackson both brought their new apprentices to the meeting, and Bri took a seat next to Adam.
“Let’s start with reports on the state of your teams,” I said. “Annie, how is it going with the food?”
“Doc Malcom came to me the other day with some suggestions,” she began. “He recommended that we bring more protein into both of our daily meals. The problem is that most of the canned foods don’t contain enough protein and are very high in sodium, but we have no fresh meat. I know that Jackson has been hunting for deer, but maybe we need to develop a hunting team of some sort.”
“We have a lot of hunters in the Village,” said Lizzie. What would I do without her? “I could call them in today.”
“I am worried about the deer population,” Jackson said. “It used to be huge here, as we all know. We could rarely leave the house at night and not see at least one, but now their numbers are a lot less. Some were killed in the attacks, and maybe some moved on to find new food and water sources. We need to be careful of over hunting them.”
“I am concerned about radiation levels in the meat. We had some last night, and it tasted fine, but I don’t think you can taste radiation,” I said. “Doc, what do you think?”
“Laura, here is the long and the short of it,” he said. His serious expression unnerved me. “Everyone and everything has been exposed to radiation. We just can’t get past that. It will take years, or maybe even decades until we can get into the acceptable ranges. But we need to eat and drink to survive. Radiation is our new normal.
“So, I say yes to hunting. We will have to deal with whatever the radiation brings as we go. It is a calculated risk. I am going to gamble that the smaller the animal the better, like with fish and mercury. Before the war, we had unacceptable levels of mercury in our fish. The smaller the fish, the less contamination,” he concluded.
“I suggest that we look at hunting for smaller animals; rabbits, raccoons and squirrels. They stood a lot better chance of surviving the bombs and biochems because of their size,” Jackson stated.
“As much as I am grossed out at eating squirrel, I think that we need to get a group out there immediately,” I said.
Adam raised his hand politely. I smiled and nodded him on. “I would like to be a part of that group. Maybe we could combine the hunting for animals with hunting for supplies,” he said.
“Excellent idea,” I said with maybe too much enthusiasm. Good boy, Adam, I thought. Maybe he had more confidence with Bri by his side now.
Bri smiled wide with pride. “I want in on that action, too,” she said. “And Dad will too, when he gets better.”
I hadn’t told the girls about the seriousness of his heart problem that had developed from the plague. I hoped that he would be able to hunt someday, though. Unlike me, he loved his guns.
“Great,” I said. “Let’s get it started today then, Lizzie.” She nodded as she took notes.
“Jill, thanks for getting me the blue prints. I love your ideas,” I continued. “How is the construction coming along?”
“Thanks for increasing our laborer numbers. The extra hands are a huge help,” she said. “It’s a big job, but it is coming. By the end of the week we should have the strip mall and some of the houses on either side behind our wall.”
“Great,” I said. “Moving on, how are communications coming, Joseph?”
“Not bad,” he said. “I fixed the ham again, so I am hoping that it’s ready to go out with our next Out-bound team. The new walkies from the last run are excellent. Everyone just needs to remember that they need to keep them charged in the sun for at least an hour a day. Next to a window is fine.”
“Oops,” I said. “That’s why it has been so quiet this morning. I was enjoying it. I will get mine into the sun as soon as I can.”
“Heh, right,” quipped Jackson.
“I have been in contact with several groups around California and throughout the Midwest,” Joseph continued, ignoring me and Jackson. “It seems that there are pockets of communities that didn’t sustain life threatening biochems and missile hits. We have been exchanging information on how each community has come together to make it work. I would say we are probably in better shape than most of them. Infighting and bands of Wanderers and gangs are the biggest threats out there. I have gotten reports to both Jackson and Mark on these problems.”
“I have been coming up with several scenarios that we need to become ready for,” Mark said. “The wall is going to be helpful, but not to bottle rockets, Molotov Cocktails, and good, old fashioned hand grenades.”
My stomach sank at the tone in Mark’s voice. How are people getting hand grenades?
“Jill and I have been talking about the wall and different ways to block these types of attacks,” said Jackson. “I guess that leads me into my report. My security team has discovered areas that indicate people have been living close by,” said Jackson. Bri took out a small notebook from her pocket and began to take notes as Jackson spoke. “And we have found bullet casings, not ours. It’s just a matter of time before they make contact with us; either friendly, or by way of attack.”
“I have made it very clear,” I began firmly. “I want everything possible done to defuse any hostile situations. Anyone coming to our door in peace should be invited into the Hotel, divided into two buildings, based on an initial health assessment by the medics. There is no reason for violence if we invite non-hostiles into our community.”
“You’re naïve,” said Jackson slamming his fist on the table and standing. I jumped, and backed away in my rolling chair. Mark took the arm of the chair and held it firmly in place so I couldn’t back up any further. He stood up and faced Jackson.
In a low, protective tone, Mark almost growled. “Sit down, Jackson. If you have something to say, you will say it respectfully.” For a moment, I thought things were going to come to blows.
“Fine, Jackson,” I said as I stood and he sat. “I’m naïve. But I refuse to let this Village become a war zone. We have seen enough of that, and that’s not what we want. Annie and Billy are developing a tin can, house to house warning system…”
“Tin cans on a string will not keep them safe,” interrupted Jackson. His face was now a bright shade of red; veins pulsing. “We need an actual alarm system. I would like you to just consider that we need the whole camp armed. We have enough guns with all of the collectors in the area.”
“No,” I shouted. I saw the anxiety on Ammie’s face and continued in a softer manner. “We will not become some kind of crazed mob out for blood because what might start with just defending ourselves, might end in blood. Find some other way.
“Now, onto supplies,” I said to Sampson, not interested in arguing with Jackson anymore. “How are we doing?”
I put Sampson on supply detail. He was always the first to volunteer for any job, even the disgusting outhouse details. His eagerness to help made him perfect to head up his own team.
“Water is a problem. We are starting to collect things that everyone needs, food, shampoo, soap. I am trying to figure out a ‘shopping system’ so that we can fairly distribute the goods,” said Sampson.
After the meeting, I went to my office to get a check on my anger. Not two minutes later, Bri knocked on the door, came in and took a seat. I could see a fire in her eyes; one that matched my own.
“Yes,” I said. I was not in the mood to hear what she had to say.
“Aunt Laurie, you can’t talk to the Colonel like that,” she said.
“The hell I can’t,” I said. “I know that he is an expert in security, but how did he get that experience? War, that’s how. I am sorry Bri, but that is the business of the military, and it was fine in the past. But now the world needs experts in peace.”
“He deserves respect,” she said, tone backing down some.
“Why, because he made it up the ranks? Bri, those ranks don’t mean a thing anymore.”













Part III: In Our Defense Against Man and Nature

October 10
An unprecedented first snow flake fell today in Monterey.
I have been so busy the last month and half that I have not been able to record the events in my diary. I have no idea why I feel the compulsion to, but nevertheless; I will catch myself back up to today.
One major occurrence here in the Village has been the quickly dropping temperatures, as I mentioned. Some of the Villagers were scientists in their past lives, and they say that we could be in a nuclear winter for a decade or longer. If that is the truth, our continued survival is doubtful. The snow that we wished for as children is not a joyous occasion to most of us adults. What the future will bring is obviously yet to be seen and hard to predict. Nevertheless, the snow has begun to clean the lingering ash and grit from the skies.
More people have become sick since the attack. Cancer has hit some of the Villagers, and the hospital has tried to keep up. We have lost eighteen souls in the hospital to it so far. The Out-bound teams have tried to hit some of the other hospitals for more chemo, but those hospitals no longer stand. Ammie and Doc Malcom have been working closely with Charlotte to grow foods that can help us build our immune systems back so that more of us don’t fall to devastating disease. Crystal, Jared’s mother, has been diagnosed with cancer in the past month and she is fighting hard, yet again, in order to stay on this earth with her son.
Mark, Bailey and I have finally moved into our own place. When Jake got out of the hospital, we decided that we would move into the beautiful home next door to Annie’s place. I felt a little guilty moving into such an elegant and large house, like I was taking advantage of my power as a leader.
Dozens of Villagers helped us in the lengthy cleanup in our new house, and I am grateful. They don’t seem to have a problem with us taking it. I love the proximity to my family, while still having some privacy. There is still thick plastic over the windows where glass had been, and it is keeping the freezing chill out.
Bailey is in love with her new room. We had some donated pink paint for the walls, and Annie gave her the girls’ old doll house. Bailey’s heartache over her parents seems to be healing some, but I am careful to watch for her sad moments.
Jake has settled into Annie’s house. He is still too weak to work, though. All of the females in his life, including me, dote on him. I am so relieved he made it through the worst of his illness.
The Village itself is doing well. We had a grand opening for the wall that now protects most of the Village. I haven’t told anyone, but I think it is terribly ugly. Jackson added some militant booby traps to it. One day I took a can of spray paint and created the Village’s first graffiti with two quotes:
Seven Deadly Sins
Wealth without work
Pleasure without conscience
Science without humanity
Knowledge without character
Politics without principle
Commerce without morality
Worship without sacrifice. 
― Mahatma Gandhi
A few days later, I added this:
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity.
― Albert Einstein
I don’t feel at all guilty for my deeds.
After Jackson’s outburst at the Council meeting, we had exactly two incidents of people coming to the wall. I sent Mark to diffuse both situations with an invitation for the strangers to become Villagers. In both cases, the small groups apologetically took the offer.
Bri and Ammie are both adjusting well to this new life. Bri is enjoying her new role and responsibilities. Ammie has decided to stay in her medical internship, but she has also been studying engineering under Thomas Stevenson, our resident engineer. He has been working on wind turbines in addition to helping to install solar panels when they come in with the Out-bounders.
Adam is also embracing his new role. He goes out for long periods with his team, searching for anything and everything we might need. He is also helping to blaze new trails in and out of town.
That is my update; for better or worse.

October 11
The snow is falling steadily, six feet in twenty four hours. We have enacted a moratorium on school and work, except for security. Now, all Village households have a walkie, so we are not cut off from each other. I think that we are all having flashbacks from the last home internment, however.
As I look out over the landscape, I see a beautiful blanket of white. It’s as if Mother Nature has tried to cover over humanities’ sins. If only she could erase them. Perhaps in time she will.
Bailey has never seen snow until now. I checked with Jackson and he said it is safe to play in it since it was packing nicely. So, Mark, Ammie, Bri and Bailey are outside working on an upside-down snowman. I can see their big smiles from my window, and I can’t think of anything more beautiful. Annie is in the kitchen baking cookies for when the Village can leave their homes. I smell them right now, and I might have to go over and inspect them soon. You know, for the Villagers.
I still feel some guilt when things go well. Katie says that it will get better with time, as long as I am able to acknowledge my feelings and work through them.

October 15
The snow continues to fall today. We have decided to have a van pick up workers on different teams to do necessary jobs. Over fifty men, women and older children have been shoveling in areas for the van’s route.
We are going to have our first Council meeting and group supper together since the snow began. Those who are infirmed and the elderly will be the only ones to stay home today.
The last few days at home actually became a de-stressor, at least to me. I am feeling re-energized; ready to face the challenges that come my way.
~~~
And the day was ready to send challenges.
As soon as I walked into the Council meeting, being held in front of the fireplace in the Town Hall’s main room, I knew something was wrong. “Tell me,” I said.
Billy stood up from his place on the couch to talk. “I have some bad news. Tony and Angie Gianluca were found dead in their home from exposure,” he said.
The air in the room had yet to warm, and when I gasped a hazy cloud appeared in front of me. I was stunned by the unexpected news, and yet I didn’t cry. I wondered if I had used up my allotment of tears.
“Lizzie, from now until the air warms up again, I need a neighbor watch in effect. Each neighbor must check on at least one of their fellow neighbors, twice a day. There needs to be a check in on the radios every day, too. Joseph, please set that up. During the checks, I want all of the neighbors to make sure that houses are warm enough, and that they have any food and water they need,” I said. “I don’t care how it’s set up; as long as your system makes sure that we have no more deaths. If you need help, please ask Jackson.”
“Sure thing, Laura,” said Joseph. “I’ll take care of it.”
“I want to have a funeral for the Gianlucas tomorrow. They should be buried in front of their home, so that when another family moves in, in the future, they will know who had lived there during the war,” I said.
“That might be tough, Laura,” said Billy. “The ground is frozen solid.”
“Do whatever you have to do,” I replied. “Use the Bobcat Adam found on his last run.”
“I’ll make sure it happens,” Adam stepped up.
“Thank you, Adam. I will make the announcement over the walkie, if you will get that ready for me, Lizzie? I can do that right here if everyone will stay convened please.”
I don’t know why I couldn’t wait for the meeting to be over, but I felt a sense of urgency.
“Here you go,” said Lizzie a few minutes later. She handed me the walkie.
“My dear Villagers, this morning, the bodies of two of our neighbors were discovered. Mr. and Mrs. Gianluca are no longer with us.” I began to cry. Damn. I guess that I was wrong about that tear allotment. “They died of exposure to the cold. Our homes in Monterey were never built to withstand freezing temperatures,” I continued with the information that was given to the town when the snow began.
The head of every Council member was bowed as I continued. “I am asking you all to take care of one another. Instructions on how to do this will come this afternoon on this channel; however, I think that you all instinctually know how to do this. Walkie your direct neighbors and friends throughout the day. Check in with the elderly. We are not alone; we have each other.” And with that I clicked off and resumed the meeting with tears in my eyes the entire time.
There was only one other update I wanted before I adjourned the group.
“Sampson, how are supplies?” I asked the young man with the now bushy beard.
“Not great,” he said, seriously. “We need water to distribute. We have plenty of clean bottles, just waiting to be filled.”
“Doc, is the snow clean enough to drink if we boil it?” I asked Malcom.
“Yes, it should be, but keep to the top layers of snow to be sure,” he answered.
“Billy, can you rig a metal trash drum or two to hover over a fire?” I asked.
“Yep,” he confirmed. “No problem.”
“Jackson, give Billy some of your security team to help,” I ordered. “They are doing well getting through the snow. Sampson, how are the other supplies?
“Some foods are running low. We need more canned vegetables,” he explained. “The Colonel’s team and Out-bounders are getting us enough meat. It’s steadily coming in. We just have to get it to the homes since there are no more group meals.”
“Okay, if there is nothing else, I will see you all later,” I told the confused looking group of councilors, and I left abruptly.
I walked out of the meeting with purpose, Jackson at my heels.
“Where are you going now?” he asked. “It’s too cold out here to be wandering around, if you think you are going to check every house in the Village…”
“Not every house,” I said. “Just one.”
He stopped and watched me march off through the Monterey Tundra.
I knocked on Mrs. Ingram’s door. Her fragile voice asked me in, sweetly.
“Hello, Mrs. Ingram,” I said as I entered. Her living room was warm from her fire. “I just came to check on you. I am sorry I didn’t come down sooner.”
“I am fine, dear,” she told me. “Don’t you worry.”
Within thirty minutes, I had Mrs. Ingram packed, and Mark and Bailey at the door, van parked in front of the house.
Mark carried Mrs. Ingram down the stairs of our house while I ran ahead of him. “Be careful, Honey. The stairs are slippery. We need to start shoveling again.”
I ran in the front doors and started a new fire. Mark set Mrs. Ingram on an over-stuffed chair in front of the fireplace.
Bailey brought a throw and placed it over her legs, enjoying acting very grown-up.
“All of this fussing,” she said. “I am fine. I can stay in my home. The neighbors check up on me, and I listen on the walkie during the day. It’s like radio soap operas from the olden days.”
I laughed, having no firsthand knowledge of radio soaps, but I felt certain that listening to walkie conversations would be highly entertaining.
“Mrs. Ingram, we are family now,” I told her.
“And we love having family in our home,” Mark added. “It’s like being back in Africa. With Annie, Jake and the girls next door, it is right to have you here.”
Mrs. Ingram’s eyes turned glassy. I gave her fragile frame a gentle hug.
“Farklempt?” I asked.
“Farklempt,” she answered.
“Mark, will you take Bailey next door and see if any of Annie’s cookies are left? And grab anyone over there and some board games. I am working from home today,” I announced.

October 16
Why does it seem like all of the loud noises always happen at night?
It was around 2:15 in the morning when we heard the loud cracking sound, and I knew immediately what it meant. Over the years, on two occasions, I had heard that exact noise. But what followed it, the breaking of glass and splintering of wood, I had only heard once before, during the attacks.
I ran to Mrs. Ingram as Mark went for Bailey. Mrs. Ingram was sitting up in her bed, attempting to light her lantern. I helped her into her wheelchair, and we joined Mark and Bailey in the living room.
Bailey’s eyes were wide with tears, and Mark tried to comfort her as he carried her to me. “It’s okay, we have you,” he said.
Just as we stoked the fire and put more wood on it, our walkies went wild with calls.
“Mark here,” he said and waited.
“Go to 1564,” said the nasal, disembodied voice. Jackson had come up with 1564 as code for go to the private channel when he found out that so many of the Villagers were listening in on private calls.
“What’s going on, Jackson?” Mark asked as I held a very frightened Bailey.
“Tree hit an occupied house. Looks like we are finally going to be able to use the Russell’s,” said Jackson.
Mark handed me the walkie, “Great. I could have gone a life time without wanting to use their skills. Give Mark the address, and I’ll get dressed.”
Kimberly and Aaron Russell were both seasoned firefighters. She was the Captain of the Monterey Fire Department, and stood a good foot taller than her husband. But for what Aaron lacked in height, he made up for with muscle.
No one in the Village had warm enough clothes for a nuclear winter, that much has become crystal clear. When temperatures began to drop before the first snow, we had a detail go into all the unoccupied houses to look for ski gear and anything that would work in the snow.
I wrapped myself in layers, including a brown ski cap with little bear ears and some thick, thermal shoes that had never been worn. They still had a tag boasting “Good down to twenty-five degrees.” I had hoped that I would never have to test that.
Mark finished getting ready, and we made our way out in the freezing snow. The lights from the occupied houses helped some. Everyone had heard the crash, and many were trying to see what had happened through their windows.
I heard Jackson’s voice over the emergency channel, “Everyone except for emergency personnel needs to remain in their homes. We have a tree down, and by the looks of it, there could be more. The snow was heavy and wet tonight and might continue to take down trees that are not stable. If you hear crackling, take cover under heavy furniture, such as tables. I repeat, do not leave your homes.” He sounded like one of those emergency alert tests we used to hear all of the time on television. I wished this had only been “a test of the emergency broadcast system.”
When we got to the house, Jackson was running around yelling orders to security. Bri was by his side, matching him step for step. I approached him, not sure how I could help.
“Ma Nature is still pissed at us. Trees are too damn heavy from the snow. This could be bad. We have a family of three in there, the Lewis,” he began his report. “Kim and Aaron are working their way in through the roof.”
“What should I do?” I asked him.
“Here,” he handed me a walkie. “Sing to the Villagers.”
“Silent night, Holy night…” I began.
“Talk to them, comfort them, you know what to say. And don’t ever sing again—. Man, you’re bad,” he said as he ran off to scream more orders at his security team.
I giggled because I knew exactly what he meant, but didn’t like what “singing to the Villagers” implied. I had never lied to them, and I wasn’t about to start now.
“Laura,” said a lady wearing pajamas and a coat. “Please come inside my house and stay warm. You and Mark, I mean.”
My face was burning in the cold wind, and I gratefully accepted her offer. Before we made it in the house, there was another cracking sound further off in the forest.
“Get the fuck inside,” Jackson yelled to us.
“Language,” I yelled back at him.
“Sorry, PLEASE get the fuck inside.”
I wanted to grab Bri. It is still my instinct to take care of her, and probably always will be, but she had a job to do, and I needed to respect that, no matter the danger.
“Hello Villagers,” I began to speak into the walkie as soon as we got inside. “I know that we are all having flashbacks from the crashing sounds, but we are in this together this time. We have crews on the scene of the damaged house. Our firefighters are working to rescue the Lewis family who are trapped inside…”
~~~
By 9:00 in the morning, it was over. The Lewis family had been the next to die in their home. Mark, Bri and I walked home with the weight of this bearing down on us, heavily.
“Laura,” Jackson ran up to join us. “Can you come to my place for a debriefing?”
I looked at Mark who nodded despite the look of anger on his face.
We walked into the warmth of Jackson’s house. His fire was still going, and I sat down on the ground in front of it while he brewed some strong coffee.
He handed me a steaming mug and asked, “What is it with you and sitting on the floor?”
“Helps me think,” I replied.
He joined me on the floor, and we sat for a while, sipping our coffee and staring into the fire.
“No matter what we do, we can’t save them,” I said, hardly aware that I was even talking.
“No, we can’t,” he answered. “Not all of them. Maybe some of them, but not all of them.”
“Thanks for the pep talk.”
~~~
This afternoon we had funerals for five members of our community. Each person was buried with care, in their own front yard. Reverend John presided over each funeral. Everyone in town over ten years of age, and under seventy-five, was in attendance.
The tears froze to my face as I stood at the gravesides of the people who I had let down; people who had depended on me, who had trusted me.
~~~
Before bed, I sat on the ground in front of our own fire, not wanting to talk with anyone. Mrs. Ingram wheeled herself up to the fire place by my side. I looked up at her. The light from the fire made her wrinkles appear even deeper.
“You are very strong, Laura,” she said.
“That’s what everyone keeps telling me,” I replied, not letting my eyes leave the fire.
“They mean something else,” she said, tone becoming sterner. “I mean, you must be powerfully strong to be able to push big trees onto houses.” She rolled away without another word.
I grabbed a spray paint bottle and put on my jacket and boots and walked out the front door, headed to the wall.
When I finished my most recent graffiti crime, I heard a familiar voice behind me.
“So, that’s who our little artist is,” said Bri.
I didn’t say anything to her, I just stared at my latest work of art.
“Someday you are going to have to explain what you mean by those,” she said. We turned away from the wall and left the newest image for the Village to discover.
“When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace.”
–Jimi Hendrix
“This one’s personal,” was all that I was willing to divulge.

October 19
The weather has warmed up some over the last few days. The days have shot up to forty degrees, and it has been raining, too. With the rain and warmer temperatures, we have had a lot of melting snow flowing down the hill and running into the ruins of the destroyed and rapidly decaying neighborhood below us. The smell of mildew drifts over the wall when the wind blows in our direction.
I was called to the wall this afternoon to help deal with a group of eight Wanderers. Rain was coming down steadily as I walked with my umbrella in the direction of the trouble.
When I got there, Jackson was yelling at someone through the “communication hole” in the wall. I heard a distinctly female voice yelling back at him, but I couldn’t make out what they were actually saying over the sound of the pounding rain.
As I got closer, I could hear the female say, “We are armed, and we will take what we need, so open this damn gate or we will blow it off.”
“Yeah? Well, we are heavily armed and outnumber you one hundred to one,” Jackson lied.
As I walked towards the wall, planning to defuse the situation, one of the security guards slapped a crazy looking makeshift armor on me. I believe that a portion of it was a trashcan lid. I felt absolutely ridiculous.
“We’ve got a lively bunch out there,” said Jackson as I approached. He was crouching under the top of the wall, on the shelf near the hole.
A gun shot rang out and made my heart race. Twenty of the security team who had been laying low on our side, stood on the scaffolding and took aim.
“STOP,” I screamed at the top of my lungs.
I climbed up next to Jackson as I saw Mark running at full speed to the scene carrying a gun.
“My name is Laura, and I might be able to help you,” I shouted out the hole.
It took a moment to hear a response. “I don’t give a rat’s ass what your name is lady. We have a huge group that we can just turn around and get if you don’t let us in. Lady, I have kids here who are dying. Do you know what that’s like?” responded the now sad voiced woman.
“No, ma’am. I don’t know what you are going through right now. But I know what it’s like to want to protect your children,” I told her. “We could never conceive.” I looked down to see Mark standing just below me, looking for a spot on the wall.
“But I helped raise two of the strongest women I know,” I continued. There was silence, and I hoped that meant that they were all listening. “I also have a little girl who lost her family in the war. She is now my true daughter, too. Do you know when I knew she was mine? She asked me to braid her hair like her favorite character in her favorite book. I was brushing her hair out, and I just knew at that moment that she was mine. And I would do anything to keep her safe. That I understand.”
I waited, this time for over a minute. “My guess is that before the war you would never think to have a gun and try to attack regular people like us. We can help you. We have medicine, doctors, food, clean water and shelter. But we can’t let you in until you disarm yourselves. That’s my deal. You trade your weapons for a chance at a life.”
I looked over at Jackson and whispered loud enough for him to hear me over the pelting rain. “Get your people in protective gear; masks and gloves. Make sure that they are prepared when they get down there for any occurrence.”
“You are going to get someone killed some day, you know that don’t you?” said Jackson. He turned to Bri and gave her orders to prepare our troops exactly how I had told him.
“I’m, I’m not sure,” said the Wanderer. “Just wait, just wait.”
I could hear faint voices arguing in hushed tones from behind the wall.
“We almost froze, and then all of the rain water flooded us. We are sick and tired,” said the defeated voice.
“We will have doctors check you. We have a quarantine area at the hotel across the street where our doctors will treat you,” I told her. I could hear Mark paging the medics, but when I turned around I saw Malcom and Ammie running, caring their medical bags.
“Now, all you need to do is put your weapons down, back away from them and be ready to be frisked,” I explained.
I heard the voice yell to someone in her group to get the kids.
Several of the security team lifted their heads between the strange turrets that Jill built into the wall for protection. Bri nodded at Jackson from above him, and he began to climb off of his perch. When Jackson got to the bottom, he waved the team on and they vanished, along with Mark, through the gate that closed quickly behind them.
“Give me a mask and gloves,” I told Malcom. He reluctantly dug in his bag for them.
“You know that Jackson is going to have a cow,” he said as he handed them to me. I was surprised at the doctor using the term “have a cow.” It made me smile.
“Yep,” I said. I walked over to the gate, Malcom and Amanda not far behind. “Open it,” I told the gate keeper firmly.
I was still wearing my silly vest, and I was soaking wet now, but I walked through the gate with confidence. I saw fury in Jackson’s eyes. But when I caught Mark’s glance, I burned red. I have never seen that look.
And then I saw the people we were so vehemently trying to protect ourselves from. There were only five adults, two teenagers, and three small children. All of them resembled the photos of victims at Auschwitz. Their filthy and wet clothes hung loosely from their bodies, and they shivered severely from the cold.
This was Jackson’s threat to the Village? Now I was the one who was furious.
I went over to the gaunt woman standing in front of the group. I had correctly identified her as the leader I had been speaking with. She looked scared, yet protective of the people behind her.
I walked toward her after she was frisked for more weapons. I held out my hand and introduced myself. “I am Laura, and it is nice to meet you.”
She just stared at my hand as if she had forgotten the gesture. Slowly and cautiously she held out her own hand, took mine in it and shook. “I am Lily Ann. This is my family, what’s left of them,” she said as she waved at the people behind her. “Nice to meet you,” she conceded to politeness.
“You don’t need to be afraid of us. We really do want to help. There are so few survivors, we can’t afford to kill each other,” I said. “I will have them bring you some food and dry clothes. Does anyone have any food allergies?”
Her face showed only shock. “No, Laura. Thank you for asking.”
I watched as Ammie and the Doc lead them toward the Hotel, with several of Jackson’s team following at their flanks, cautiously.
As I walked back in through the now open gate, Mark rushed to my side. “We need to talk, at home, now,” he said.
~~~
The two of us walked up the street, through the slosh of cold, wet snow, without a word.
When we got there, we went straight to our room because Mrs. Ingram was conducting her sewing classes again, this time in our living room.
“We have no damn privacy in our own home,” said Mark.
“Um, our ‘own home,’ that’s funny. This isn’t our own home. It belonged to a pilot and his wife who are probably dead. You remember when we took their personal photos of their family and friends off the walls?” I was ready to fight if that was what he wanted. I just confronted armed people, and my adrenaline was pumping.
“Fine, whoever’s house. This isn’t going how I thought it would,” he said.
I laughed, I couldn’t help it. “So, you had a plan how the apocalypse was supposed to go down?” I snapped at him. I didn’t feel completely in control of my mouth at that moment.
“Yeah, and it had to do with my wife not being a total idiot and walking blindly and unarmed into the middle of life or death situations,” he barked at me. He huffed and hit the wall with his fists, and I jumped.
A knock came to the door. Damn it.
“Is everything alright in there?” Mrs. Ingram said sharply from the other side of the door.
I opened it just enough to poke my head out. “Yes, Mrs. Ingram. Mark just dropped something. Something really heavy dropped.”
She turned and rolled away with an odd expression. I would have to deal with that later. It seems like there is always something to deal with later.
I turned around, and before I could take a breath Mark said, “Give it to Jackson. Give it to him- this whole godforsaken Village. He can handle it. He understands leadership.”
Stunned, I sat on the bottom of the bed, feet dangling. “And I don’t? By the way, I don’t know that he would even take it. I don’t know if the Villagers would accept the change in leadership, either. And I don’t know that I want to give it to him.”
Mark just looked at me for a long moment. He turned, and without a word walked out the door, bloody hand and all.
After I walked through the room of people and humming sewing machines, I let the hot, fat tears roll down my face. I walked over to Annie’s house and straight to Jake’s room.
He was sitting in his bed, and when I entered the room he put down the book he was reading.
“To what do I owe this visit from my favorite sister?” he asked before he had a chance to see my tear-stained face.
All I could say was, “Ha.”
He took a look at me and changed his tone. “Come here. What’s the matter?” he asked.
“I just had a fight with Mark. He wants me to give up my leadership of the Village,” I said. “But I don’t think I want to.”
“Oh, that,” said Jake.
“You knew, you talked to him already?” I asked accusingly.
“No,” he said. “I didn’t have to. I could see it coming. I was surprised that you couldn’t see it. Laura, he’s your husband. He has never had to deal with you putting anyone or anything ahead of him. But you live for this Village and every person in it now. It’s a big adjustment, one that changes the dynamics of your relationship.”
“Do you remember when we used to play that game on the couch when we were kids? We used to lie on the couch on our backs, your feet to mine, and then we would push as hard as we could until one of us had straight legs and the others would buckle at the knees. That’s the way it is with Mark; in the end, his legs are straight, and mine are always buckled.”
“I get it,” he said. “Of course, there’s also the Jackson thing.”
“What Jackson thing?” I asked defensively.
“The way you get along, the tension between you two, the girls have noticed it. Especially Bri,” said Jake. “He has fallen for you. Like, head over heels in love with you.”
“No, he hasn’t. People are always trying to find something to gossip about, that’s all,” I told him.
“Okay, Laura,” he replied. “But you need to find a way to let Mark know that.”
I nodded, having no idea how to accomplish it.
I sloshed back to our house. The snow and rain mix were making it harder and harder to get around.
Mrs. Ingram sat alone at a sewing machine when I returned home. I sat at the table with her, absent mindedly playing with the bobbin at the top of one of the machines.
“What are you making?” I asked her.
“Bailey’s Halloween costume. Of course, she wants to be Laura Ingles Wilder. I am also making one for you, at Bailey’s request,” she said.
“Oh, what’s that?” I asked, wondering why Bailey hadn’t mentioned it to me.
“She wants you to be ‘Ma.’ I can still teach you to sew, if you like,” she said without lifting her head from her creation.
“I think there is a reason I never got past the sock mending,” I said.
She turned the material to face another direction. “That could be because you never made it past one class you actually participated in. Dear, it was a noble try, but you were just too busy. And you might not be cut out for needles and thread.”
“I think you are right.”
“You know what you need, don’t you? A vacation,” she said looking up at me, seriously this time.
I laughed, but her facial expression never changed. Mark came through the door, interrupting before I could ask her what she meant.
“Could we try that talk again?” he asked me.
 I sat for a few seconds considering what Mrs. Ingram had said.
“Sure,” I said following him to the bedroom for round two.
“I’m sorry about earlier, but we need to compromise here,” he said. “I feel like I hardly see you anymore.”
I looked at him for a long moment and considered.
“Do you think that Jackson has a thing for me?” It slipped out before I had a chance to stop it.
“Yes,” he said.
“I guess I was the only one who couldn’t see it. Mark, I am not giving up the Village. I will figure out how to work it out with Jackson,” I told him. That was my compromise.
“Just stop being with him alone,” Mark told me.
“I am going with the Out-bound Team tomorrow,” I said.
Mark just stared at me like he didn’t even know who I was. Maybe he didn’t.

October 20
The early morning, while most of the Villagers slept, was freezing, and the clouds were threatening to burst again. It was only four o’clock when we left the house. I guess something would get me out of bed at that time, after all. Mark walked me to the Square, and I was surprised when he put his arm over my shoulder and pulled me close to him. I guess it was a peace offering of sorts.
Adam and Bri walked behind us. I had given instructions not to tell Annie about my departure until after I had left.
“Follow everything Adam says, exactly. He understands survival,” Mark instructed, as if I knew nothing of survival.
“I will,” I said, not wanting another confrontation before I left.
The three trucks were waiting for us in front of the Town Hall. I was surprised to see big snow chains on the tires, but I shouldn’t have been. Adam had grown into his role and knew exactly what was needed.
Couples and families said their good-byes inside, by the fire.
“I love you,” said Mark as he pulled me close and kissed me tenderly.
“I love you, too,” I said. As I turned my head, I saw snowflakes begin to fall outside the window. I wanted to get into the truck before Mark could protest due to the weather.
As we drove past the wall and the guard opened the big gates, I noticed a new graffiti quote on the wall, and this time I was not the culprit.
“To cherish what remains of the Earth and to foster its renewal is our only legitimate hope of survival.” -Wendell Berry 
And as we drove by, I wondered how many more people knew of that writer and activist. My Villagers are extraordinary, I thought.
I waved a good-bye to the guard on duty, whom I could not recognize through all of her protective outerwear.
I sat next to Adam, watching the windshield wipers as the heat blasted inside the cabin of the truck. Mother Nature fought to cover up our ruined land once more.
My stomach was full of angry bees as the truck headed past the old highway toward the hillside. We would be taking the road less traveled, that much was certain.
The trucks drove slowly though the wet snow flakes. Not even a quarter mile out of town I knew the pavement was ending. We were starting up and over the hillside on the opposite side of the highway from the Village. There was no actual road there, and never had been, but vehicles made a trail of sorts, and the truck’s wheels lowered onto it with a slight drop. The road jostled us from side to side, making for an uncomfortable ride.
Since the attacks, I had been no further into town than the pool where we cremated our dead. That had only been about three blocks. It felt so strange to even be traveling to Carmel, a city not ten minutes from Monterey. But that was before the war.
“How long will it take us to get there?” I asked Adam.
“I wouldn’t expect to be there any sooner than around two-thirty this afternoon,” he said cheerfully. “You see the forest to our left. That’s east, and we have to travel several miles east, then head south and then finally we can go west.”
I had expected that from the reports from Out-bound teams, but I had sort of wished that they had been exaggerating.
The headlights shone ahead of us, and I could see the lights from the other two trucks in the side mirror. Sampson and Marla drove in the truck directly behind us, and Levi was driving the one in the rear.
I saw a small, dark, moving mass several yards ahead. “What’s that?”
“People,” Adam said.
“Why are they up here?”
He thought for a moment, “I guess they think it’s safer back here.”
“Well, let’s pick them up before they freeze to death out here,” I told him.
Adam squirmed uncomfortably in his seat. “Laura, Jackson ordered me not to let you do that. I am sorry, but he is right. Everyone is armed, nowadays. He told me not to let you get us or yourself killed. And that reminds me, he gave me this to give you.”
He handed me a hand gun that he pulled from his waistband.
“You have got to be kidding me,” I told him.
“And he told me to tell you they didn’t have any in pink, but he will put one on order for you,” he said, looking more and more uncomfortable.
“That misogynistic jackass.”
“That’s what he said you would say,” Adam said trying not to smile.
“I don’t even know how to use one,” I said wanting to desperately hand it back to him. It felt so foreign and wrong in my hands.
“Don’t worry,” said Adam. “I am going to teach you at Carmel Beach, over the water. It will be safe there. But for me, would you please put it in your pocket. The safety is on, so you won’t shoot yourself.”
I felt sorry for him, so I did as he asked. He shouldn’t have been put in the middle of our bickering.
I watched as we passed what appeared to be a man and a woman huddling together under woolen blankets. Their eyes met mine, and I cast my gaze down in shame.
~~~
The bumpy ride continued on for hours. It felt like we had been headed in the opposite direction of our intended target forever. Finally, we began heading west towards Carmel.
“Laura, can I talk to you about something?” Adam asked politely. I really do like this boy.
“Of course,” I said.
“I have been thinking about the Village. I think that the Villagers might be some of the luckiest people left on earth,” he began.
“You are probably right.”
“I’m just not sure how long that will last, though. We don’t know what the weather has in store for us. It could go from many degrees below zero into the hundreds, all in a matter of days. Our water supplies will not last if that happens. And if it just gets colder and colder, we will freeze to death. I think we need to move the Villagers to a safer place; to Carmel Valley, near the river.”
“That’s pretty extreme,” I said, trying to buy myself time to think before I responded. “I am not sure that the Villagers would be willing to leave their homes.”
“Extreme is our new life, Laura. And if we wait to see if the weather will return to normal, we will miss our window of opportunity to get out. And it’s not just weather and water. The Wanderers are beginning to band together now, like that lady at the gate told you. We know they are heavily armed and desperate. And while you are able to work miracles when you talk to people now, I am afraid that our luck is about to run out there, too. People exposed to the elements are about to die, and they will fight for their lives, even if we are trying to help them.”
I sat without talking for a long time. This is what Jackson and even Mark have been trying to tell me for some time now. I would never have accepted what was being said if it had come from Jackson’s mouth. But Adam’s calm and sweet voice was breaking its way through to me.
“How would it work?” I asked. “Making our way to Carmel takes most of the day now instead of just ten minutes. Carmel Valley used to be a forty minute drive from us; on a paved road. How long would it take us to get there with over 139 people?” I asked.
“I have been running the math and all I have come up with is weeks, if not months, because you cannot account for everything that might happen on the way,” he explained. “Only the Out-bounders know this, but we are hiding ten more trucks, just like this one, in a garage near the old airport. Nobody’s found them yet. The Villagers can take their own cars. Our fuel supplies might just make it. And we can get more with the generators that we have hidden at the different gas stations.”
I looked at him, curiously. “How long have you been thinking about doing this?” I asked.
“Since we first got here. Bri, Ammie, Jake and I have all seen what it is out there. And, I mean no offense by this, but you haven’t,” he said as looked straight ahead through the snow that was now coming down hard. “We have been coming up with this plan together, and they asked me to talk to you when they found out you were coming on this trip with me.”
“Sounds like my family. I will give it some thought.”
We continued the rest of the way without talking.
~~~
We drove onto Carmel’s main street at half past three.
The sight took my breath away. Most of the stores and businesses were gone. The horror of what was left from the attacks stood in a strange juxtaposition to the blanket of white, fluffy snow.
“Wait, I see shoe tracks. There are people here,” I said.
“Yes, there are people still living here,” Adam told me. “And a few of them are friendly with us and others, not so much.”
I thought for a minute about it and I told Adam, “I need to try something. Please follow some directions.” Then, I got on the walkie. “You guys, just stay on Ocean Avenue for a little while until Adam and I get back to you.”
“Take a right here,” I directed and he followed. After about fifteen minutes we came to a street where houses still stood. Some even had smoke coming from their chimneys.
“Stop right here,” I told him. I jumped out of the truck when I saw what I was looking for.
“Holly,” I screamed as I ran to a small cottage. “Hooolllly!”
The barrel of a gun stuck out the window. “Who’s there?” a female voice answered.
“Holly, it’s me. Laura. Penny’s best friend,” I said.
The barrel began to withdraw quickly from the window, and the front door opened.
Holly and I ran into each other’s arms. We embraced while we both cried and laughed.
“Adam, send for the others. Tell them how to get here,” I yelled.
“And then get your ass in here,” yelled Holly. “Whoever the hell you are.”
“What were the chances of you finding me?” Holly said after reintroducing me to her boyfriend, Colton.
“Exactly a bazillion to one.”
Adam came to the door, and I beckoned him in. I took the walkie from him and told the others to come inside after they secured the trucks.
“What the hell?” said Holly. “Who are all of these people with trucks?”
“This is my nephew; Bri’s boyfriend, Adam,” I told her. She got up and embraced him.
“You are family to me, Adam,” she said. “My sister Penny and I grew up with Laura. She was at my house as much as she was at her own.”
At that, I cried happily. With tears, I asked, “Have you had any news of them, Holly?” She knew I meant her whole family.
“Not since the cell phones died,” Holly said. “They were all fine until then. We had a plan. Penny, Tuck, and the kids made it to Truckee from Riverton, Utah. The plan was to leave Truckee and pick up Mom and Dad in Sacramento. From there, they were supposed to come here as soon as they could. They never made it.”
“They aren’t dead,” I shocked myself when I said it. “I know they aren’t. It’s just bad out there. They are on their way.”
Holly nodded sadly. “I am so glad you are here. Where have you been?” she asked.
“We are still living in our old neighborhood. We have a community there now,” I told her.
“No, fucking way. You mean you live in Monte Vista Village?” she said in total disbelief, like I had just told her that the Easter Bunny was real.
“You’ve heard of it?” I asked.
“Laura created the Village. She’s the leader,” Adam announced proudly.
Holly couldn’t talk with her jaw open so wide. She put her hand over her mouth.
“Heard of it? It’s legendary here,” said Colton.
I looked at Adam for confirmation. He simply nodded.
We talked late into the evening, as we shared the food we had brought with us.
Adam and the others took up lodging several houses down, while I stayed with my old friend.
“Come back to the Village with me,” I begged the couple.
“We have to be here, in case they make it,” Holly said. She hadn’t given up hope, either.
“Spray paint directions to the Village on the walls,” I told her. “We take care of each other there. You will be as safe as you possibly can be these days.”
Holly and Colton looked at each other for a long time. She turned back to me and said, “Okay, if we won’t be any trouble.”
I laughed, “Are you kidding? Start getting ready. We have three days here. We can get some of your stuff in one of the trucks. We are going to South Carmel, beachside, to see what we can collect. We are looking for solar panels this trip. We will come to get you on the way back.”
~~~
We left the next day to find one of the safe houses that the Out-bounders usually use.
An hour later, we were there, and we took one truck and the car they had parked in the garage to check homes that were still standing. There were much fewer of those now.
We found three houses with solar panels on them, but only one had panels with most of their cells intact. It seems that if even one cell is dead, the entire panel doesn’t work, like Christmas lights.
Adam and I left the team to dismantle the solar panels from the roofs and drove down to the beach for our first gun lesson.
~~~
The Carmel Beach front looked so different. I spent hours as a teen at bonfire parties on its shores. Instead of the beautiful stone steps that once opened onto the pristine, white sands, there was a hillside of sand littered with everything that the ocean, in its sickness, had coughed up. Kelp entwined with trash and dead sea-animals created a smell that was an assault to the senses.
“You never got to see this beach before the war, did you?” I asked Adam. He shook his head. “It was nothing less than magnificent. Bri and Ammie grew up on this beach. Bri took her first steps here, in the sand of all places. Ammie accidentally swallowed a mouthful of sea water when she was a baby, and the look on her face was priceless. I’ll never forget it. Through the years, hundreds of thousands of people grew up playing in those waves.”
Suddenly, I was angry. No, I was more than angry. I didn’t know this feeling. I screamed something guttural, something primal, into the face of the cold ocean wind, “WHY?” A thick wave slapped the snowy, sandy shore in an angry response.
It took me a while to pull myself back together. Adam waited, patiently.
When I was ready, I picked up the gun in disgust. Adam gave me instructions on how to take the safety off and how to fire. I hated it; every single minute of it. From the feeling of the cold metal in my hand, to the recoil after pulling the trigger, to the ear piercing sound of the shot; it was all wrong; unnatural.
We spent about an hour there until I said, “I’m freezing.”
~~~
We returned to our safe house and started a fire. The five of us came together for a meal, and then I left them to stay and talk as I went to one of the rooms with a lantern.
I needed time to be alone and think about the past months and days. The beach was the final sight I needed to understand that humankind could be so stupid as to destroy the raw beauty that only nature could provide. What happened to us?
The home we were staying in must have been beautiful at one time. Now, in the dim lantern light, there were only the sharp and jagged shadows of broken furniture. Nature was reclaiming its land, as sand shrouded the floors. In a cupboard, I found relatively clean bedding, and went about the task of changing linens. I placed my unloved gun under the bed so that I wouldn’t shoot myself in my sleep.
The laughter from down the long hallway was muted by the enormity of the house. It was nearly drowned out by the violent waves slapping against the not so distant shores, as if to scream its anger, as I had this afternoon. In the distance, I heard what sounded like gun shots and screams; just another reminder of the indecency of humankind.
Not used to having a bed to myself I slept badly. The room was so cold, even with my small, battery powered space heater right next to me. The sound of a tree branch scratching the window sent shivers down my spine. I got up to look out and see if I could push the branch back from the window sill when I saw a movement out of the periphery of my eye.
Before I could make sense of it, a large, dark figure pushed through the window and tackled me to the ground. I yelled out, but the man on top of me covered my mouth with his filthy hand. My heart beat so hard as I struggled that I thought that it was going to explode.
And in that moment, I knew what I had to do; something I had sworn I would never do. I reached under the bed and felt for the gun. Somehow I found it and grabbed it. It felt like ice in my hands.
I cannot recall pulling the trigger, but I remember the feel of a warm, thick liquid running down my face. After that, things moved slowly. I struggled to roll my victim’s large frame off of my body, but I couldn’t. The copper smell of blood filled my nostrils.
And then things started to speed back up. Adam, Marla, Sampson and Levi ran into the room, shouting. Sampson grabbed the body that had stilled forever on top of mine and rolled it off of me with a frustrated anger.
Marla held me as I sat paralyzed at the sight of what I had done. She and Adam lifted me from the ground and pulled me from the room. I sat on the couch in front of the fire that was being stoked by someone, I can’t remember by whom.
Marla brought me a snifter of some alcohol that felt warm and stung my throat as it went down. I didn’t care, I just wanted the drink to take me away from here and bring me back to a place where I wasn’t a killer. I grabbed the bottle and took a long drink straight from its mouth.
~~~
In the morning, we went to Holly’s house, cutting our journey short.
While the team and Colton packed the trucks with their belongings, I sat with Holly.
Adam filled Holly in on what happened at the safe house. I said very little, but I was polite. I felt coldness in my heart that I longed to have go away. The team had only collected one truck’s worth of solar paneling, and that fact just compounded the guilt from last night.
All I wanted was to be in my husband’s warm and safe arms, while he rocked me and sang a quiet African lullaby.
~~~
I closed my eyes as we began our day-long journey home.
I heard something that was attempting to pull me towards it. I fought to remain in my unconscious state; the only place where I could feel peace. My mind gave my body a kick of awareness as I opened my eyes. When had it gotten dark? I had slept the entire ride home.
“Laura,” yelled Adam’s voice from the walkie that Holly was now handing me.
I looked out into the dense forest before I spoke. “What?”
“Look out of the window to the left,” said Adam with concern.
I saw the smoke from the Village fireplaces curling out from above the tree tops. We are almost home, I thought. But something drew my attention closer. There was a column of flames reaching out to lick one of the dark clouds above it.
“Oh my God,” I yelled at the walkie, barely knowing if my finger was holding the “talk” button or not. “Go faster.”
“We can’t. We have the solar panels in back. If we go any faster, they will smash to smithereens,” warned Sampson.
“Fall behind our truck, then,” I told him.
I saw them slow off to the right. I was riding with Colton and Holly and their belongings. As we passed, I looked at Sampson through the window. “Don’t let anything happen to those panels,” I told him. I saw him nod as we gained on his truck and passed it slowly.
The weight of Holly’s belongings was too heavy for the truck to move any faster. I had the urge to get out and run towards the Village, but the snow was too deep above the forest floor. My feet would be blocks of ice before I ever made it.
When we finally got to the paved road, I saw something almost as astonishing and as dreaded as flames; Adam and Levi’s truck was floating in the flooded road ahead. It began to turn so that I could see Adam’s wide eyes as he tried to open his door to escape.
“STOP,” I yelled, just in time for Colton to break before diving into the flooded road, too.
As Adam and Levi kicked open their doors, I jumped out of my seat and into the snow outside. I started to wade into the frigid waters.
Adam began to make his way toward me when I saw that the flooding ended about three yards ahead of him.
“No,” I screamed to them pointing towards where the flood ended. “Go, to the Village. I’ll catch up.”
My feet hardly knew what to do. I dragged my legs heavily through the moat that had collected, but the truck that Adam had abandoned started to spin its way towards me. I found an island block on the road, and made my way to it. I could run some from there, but it was frozen, and I slipped and landed hard on my knees.
I took a quick inventory of the damage. Blood was already seeping through my wet, frozen jeans.
“Laura, slow down. Are you all right?” yelled Holly’s voice from somewhere behind me.
They were making their way towards me, Colton in the lead. “Stay right there,” he shouted over the now whipping wind.
Wind, my mind clasped on the word. Wind will only fan the flames more.
My Village! I ran against Holly’s screamed admonishments.
I slipped back into the flood waters twice before I made it to the snow bank ahead. My feet kept disappearing deep into the snow as I made my way up it. When I crested the bank, I saw Adam and Levi running towards the Village. I lost my balance and slid down the other side on my butt. 
I felt a hand beneath my arm, and then one on my other side. Holly and Colton helped me to my feet. In my panic, I began to head through the snow again, but they didn’t let go of me.
~~~
I could see a column of flames above our protective Village wall. And seconds later, I could hear the screams.
Some of the screams were organized, but others were frantic. The faster I attempted to run, the longer away it looked. It was like that scene in Poltergeist when the mother is running towards her children who are being consumed by the ghosts in the closet, and the hallway just gets longer the harder she runs.
Levi and Adam were already through the gate when I saw a tall, dark figure running towards me, calling my name.
I broke loose from my friends and ran towards my husband. He grabbed my cold, tired and bleeding body up and held it close to him. Then, we ran through the gates, with Sampson and Marla close behind now.
The bakery was consumed by flames, as was the MV Market. The fire had made its way behind these structures, and was beginning to devour its next victims, the Town Houses.
I tore the walkie from Mark’s hand. “Is everyone out of the Town Houses and accounted for?” I asked as loudly as my frozen vocal cords would allow.
“Everyone is out of the Town Houses, Aunt Laurie,” said Bri’s voice through the walkie. “And Adam’s with me, now. We are in front of the apartments.”
“You all need to get out of these wet clothes before you die of hyperthermia,” said Malcom from behind me.
“Go over to the Ballroom. There are clothes in there,” he commanded us.
I wanted to stay and help, but I saw that there was already a fire line of people starting at the water reserves behind the Ballroom going towards the Townhouses.
We slipped by, and ran into the room that was filled with frantic people trying to figure out what to do next. I herded up the Out-bounders and my friends and moved them inside to where I knew we kept the clothes. We all grabbed something to change into and towels and went into the old Ballroom’s dressing rooms.
Mark helped me peel off my wet pants, top and sweater, and wrapped me in a towel. He began to rub, bringing the circulation back into my body. He started on my hair, but I pushed him away as I dressed and ran out of the building towards the fire.
Bri ran to my side and pulled me into a tight hug. As tough as the army had made her, she needed reassurance right now.
“It’s going to be okay,” I said, kissing her on the head. “Is everyone in the Village accounted for?”
“I don’t know,” she said, shaking her head as if she were a failure.
“I need you to start on that now,” I told her gently, trying not to push her over the edge.
She took off, nodding her head in response to my request.
“Where is Jackson?” I asked Mark.
“I don’t know. I heard him on the walkie earlier, but it has been a while since then,” he said.
“Laura to Jackson, over,” I heard myself saying as I made my way further up the hill. I wanted to establish the Town Hall as a base, but I was too late.
~~~
Flames were beginning to take hold of the building and people were running wildly through the Town Square without purpose.
“Everyone in the Square, come to the medical tents,” I said into a walkie. The Villager’s heads turned around desperately looking for their leader. I stood on top of the hood of the jeep that we had been using as an ambulance.
I spoke into the walkie, knowing that I would never be heard over the total chaos without some kind of amplification.
“Everyone needs to go down to the water reserves,” I began. All of the walkies went off at once, creating a microphone effect. “Make yourself useful.”
And then I felt it. Wet snowflakes began to drift down on the crowd before me and people looked up in amazement.
“Okay, we have a new plan now. I need everyone to go to the Ballroom, it is safe there still. Someone will be in to give you further instructions. Until then, begin to take roll call of as many Villagers as you can. Has anyone seen Lizzie?”
Heads turned to one another, but no one answered.
“Go,” I ordered them as I jumped down from the car.
“Look,” said Ammie, as she came to my side. She pointed to one of the homes that was immersed in flames. It was Lizzie’s house.
My brain stopped working, and seconds felt like days. I screamed at myself to get it under control.
“Go down to the Ballroom,” I told Ammie. Annie came to her side with Jacob and Bailey, and they all took off in that direction.
I stood in the snow and mourned Lizzie and her family, knowing that they were gone. She was my right hand, my organizer, and my friend. How many more would I lose before this night was over? I asked myself as frozen tears stuck in my eyes, painfully.
Jackson! Where is he?
“Laura,” said Mark’s voice over the walkie. Where had he gone to?
“I have Jackson. Come to the old Gianluca’s place,” he said. Something in his voice warned me that it was not good.
I ran up the hill to the house with the light of only one lantern in the window. Mark rushed to the door.
“I saw him just outside of the Town Hall while you were talking to the crowd. He was slumped over, and so I carried him here,” he said.
I slid past him to the figure lying on the floor. Jackson looked up at me, feebly. It felt strange seeing him so weak.
His face was covered in soot from the fire. He must have gone into the Town Hall after it had caught fire. What could have been so important?
I knelt down next to him, with the tears that I had begun for Lizzie and her family finally defrosting enough to run down my cheeks.
“Get Malcom, no other doctor,” I ordered Mark.
“Now who is the one lying on the floor?” I said with a sniffle. Mark stayed by the front door, giving directions to someone over the walkie.
“Heh, you got me there,” he said, almost inaudibly.
“Don’t you die on me, you son of a bitch,” I said without meaning to swear at him.
“Language,” was all that he was able to get out at first. And then he said, “We thought we would redecorate while you were gone. What do you think of what we’ve done to the place?”
“Lovely,” I said, smiling down at him. “You’ve done wonders with it. Remind me never to leave again.”
He was trying to smile, but he didn’t even have enough energy for that.
“Jackson, I need to know something,” I said believing this would probably be the last time I would ever get to ask him anything. “Why me? Why did you think that I could lead here?”
He just lay there. His eyes began to stare and my heart dropped.
“Jackson,” I screamed at him, slapping his face.
“Hey, that hurt,” he said. I let out a loud breath of exasperation. “Kick a man while he’s down, why don’t ya? I was thinking.
“I knew from the first time I heard you trying to organize those cockamamie clubs of yours. At first, I thought that you would make a good secretary for me.”
“Ah,” I accidently let out.
“Just wait, I’m not done. Even when we were locked up in our houses, you were able to bring people together. But it’s more than that. I am a man of war, and you are a woman of peace.  We are on the brink of extinction because we only knew how to fight. But you are different, Laura. You are extraordinary. You understand humanity like no one I have ever met. I have always underestimated the power of humanity. But not you, not ever. Even after all that we have seen, you still believe in people. Now, you have to believe in yourself and do what you have to do. Laura, you have to get everyone out of here and to the Valley.”
The flood gates of my tears erupted. “I know, but not without you, Jackson.”
“Good, because I’ll be pissed if you leave me behind,” he said. “Ppppt, try and get rid of me… and no more spray painting the wall, either.”
~~~
Malcom rushed past Mark and pushed me to the side. He and Billy got Jackson into the jeep and started towards the hospital.
The snow was coming down heavily, and from my vantage point on the Gianluca’s porch I could see, just above their graves, that the fires that began under Mother Nature’s forces were now being dowsed by those same powers.
The End














Final Notes

Dear Reader,
Thank you for reading The Survivor Diaries, Monte Vista Village, Book I.
As you can tell, the story of Laura and the Villagers is not over yet, but in order for me to continue, I need to make sure that I have happy readers who want to see more of this story. Positive reviews are an author’s bread and butter, so I thank you in advance for your time. You can leave a review on the same page you purchased this book if your reading app does not automatically take you there when you turn the last page.
To find out more about The Survivor Diaries Series, please visit these great websites:
Amazon: amzn.to/1yJzNaR
Author Website: www.lynnlamb.com
Series Website: www.the-survivor-diaries.com
Facebook page: www.facebook.com/thesurvivordiariestalk.page
Email address: thesurvivordiaries@gmail.com
Twitter: http://twitter.com/DiariesSurvivor

If you “like” the Facebook page, you will receive the most up-to-date information about the series. Also, there is a place on both the series and author websites to sign-up to receive email alerts and newsletters.

Author’s final note: remember that our earth is our only home, so please live everyday dedicated to protecting it and all of our neighbors, both near and far, who dwell here.
Sincerely,
Lynn Lamb

The Beginning at the End of the World,
Book II of The Survivor Diaries Series

For every end, there is a beginning.
Growth must happen— so says Darwin, anyway. I’m Laura, and my Villagers and I continue to make our way through the decay of post-apocalyptic Coastal California during the nuclear winter and fallout of the Last War.
The earth is enraged and seeking revenge for our trespasses— with leftover surprises in the rubble of our city, dormancy can’t last forever.
When the Plague runs murderously through the Village, and lives and psyches continue to be pushed to their limits, I’m faced with a gut wrenching decision. But are the Villagers ready to take the risk and leave this catastrophic reality for what could be a worse unknown? Should we follow the ambiguous motives of Colonel Jackson?
Growth is hard, but stagnation means certain death.
Surviving the apocalypse means hanging on tightly to your humanity!
www.lynnlamb.com 
Link to Book II


Acknowledgements
I need to thank my family, first and foremost, for inspiring the characters in the novel. My husband has been so supportive of me trying new avenues for my creativity. Thank you so much to my mother, brother, and nieces for being such characters.
Thank you to my editor, Jason Weddell, for taking on this gig. I appreciate your help.
And I can’t forget my second editor, Susan Hart. If you are interested in her editing services, you can reach her via e-mail at: suehart1955@gmail.com.

Before Jason and Susan, there was my good friend Hatai, who talked with me for hours and hours about the characters and events as they started to emerge. I also want to send out great thanks to my friend Megan for her help in editing and all of her support from the minute I announced that I had written a book. I am lucky to have people in my life who lift me up so that I am brave enough to follow my dreams.

And, of course, thank you all for reading; for what is a book without readers? Just a pile of electronic files, and that’s all.
