A Stranger's Fear (Edited)
By Beth Hoyer
Published at Smashwords 2013
Feel free to download this story if you like.

"Ahh!" yelled the stranger as the horse reared up nearly knocking him off her back. 
He gripped the reins tighter and forced the mare to stand despite rearing up on her back legs. The stranger eyed the bushes clustered around a tree gathered ahead in front of him with green eyes sight of night vision clear as day with his eyes. He narrowed his eyes glaring at the bushes as they rumbled along with the gathering trees nearby making his senses blare warning giving him a fearful feeling. He continued to stiffen as the bushes showed a group of dinosaurs recognized them as Tyrannosaurus Rexes that gave up roaring sounds. He eyed the dinosaurs that charged towards him while giving off sounds that made him think it was related to hunger to him which he forced the horse to move by kicking her sides with his feet hearing her whinny sound of terror. The stranger felt himself nervous as he looked behind him to see the dinosaurs were giving chase. He stiffened sensing that they were targeting his horse judging by their mouths aiming towards her instead of him and that the species are known by him to naturally don't target Humans even when hungry. He allowed the horse to have her head running through the bushes weaving around the trees till he heard a river sound guided her towards it due to knowing that the dinosaurs would give up chase if he and the mare went into the water. He saw a stone wall blocking his way in the distance urged the horse to jump over it which he found his order obeyed finding themselves falling into a river which he clung to the horse in a tight grip as they splashed underwater. The stranger felt the horse swimming in the water from the feeling of sinking not felt as he and she reached the surface and he heard the dinosaurs roar off sounds of frustrations to him behind him as the mare reached the other side of the river and got out of the water. He looked behind him with frustration seeing the dinosaurs on the river bank on the opposite side still roaring away that he would have to take another route through the forest to get to his destination. 
The stranger spoke "Drat, the dinosaurs for ruining things." 
He heard a soft whinny sound from the horse gently patted her on the side and urged her to follow the river bank a lengthy period of time till a bridge of stone came into view. He sighed and guided the horse over the narrow stone bridge that seemed to be made for Humans on horse back to travel over the river. He reached the other side and sighed forcing the horse to gallop in the forest till she halted the riding by rearing up again indicating a dinosaur hidden in the bushes waiting to pounce by the greenery rumbling in front of them abruptly.  He stiffened from the feeling of fear hitting him felt the mare's nervousness as the bushes and trees stopped rumbling showing a towering overhead dinosaur the stranger recognized as a Tyrannosaurus Rex that bared its teeth while thrusting out its tongue indicating hunger to him. 
The stranger gasped out "Oh no!" 
He urged the horse in another direction away from the dinosaur who gave up a loud ear shattering roar behind him as he allowed the horse to have her way through the forest running with fear sensed from her and himself. The stranger looked behind him to see the dinosaur was behind them running after them while gaping its mouth open and shut with tongue sticking out at each open mouth gesture. He stiffened seeing that feeling fear hitting him shifted to face the front while riding the horse. The stranger heard silence in the forest instead of the familiar sounds of crickets sounding along with loud breathing from the horse and chasing dinosaur. He gasped for air mouth breathing hard from the oxygen mask covering his face which brought in air for him to breathe despite the oxygen in the forest seemingly on the thin side for Humans to tolerate breathing. 
He heard "Oxygen failure, adjust breathing now." 
The stranger obeyed forcing himself to breathe through his nose as he again heard the voice of the oxygen mask's computer speaking "Breathing acceptable."
He urged the horse to continue galloping as he heard sounds of a roaring river nearby forced the mare towards the noises while glancing behind him to see the dinosaur hadn't given up chase. He felt himself more nervous from the river's noises than the chasing dinosaur. The stranger groaned as the horse reared up throwing her hind legs behind her while hearing grunting groans from the dinosaur behind. He adjusted the horse from kicking to head towards the river crashing through the bushes while hearing her whinnying sounding panicky to him along with hearing growls from the dinosaur behind him still chasing. The stranger found to his fear that there was a rocky cliff with another cliff in another direction with distance too far for a horse to jump. 
He urged the horse to follow the cliff's line thinking to himself "There's got to be a way for me to get across safely." 
The stranger heard the dinosaur roar behind him urged the horse to halt and turn around facing the Tyrannosaurus Rex. He kept a firm hand on the reins eyeing the dinosaur that came into view charging towards him. The stranger raised a hand and mentally willed forwards the Master through making his Human eyes turn all black activating his mental powers. 
He mentally spoke with a hand aimed at the dinosaur "Stop chasing and be gone now."
The stranger found to his fear that the dinosaur refused to budge from its charging instead aimed its teethed mouth towards the horse as if trying to bite it while the mare kept rearing up thrusting out legs kicking at it at each attempt. The stranger gripped the reins and urged the horse away from the cliff's edge and got the dinosaur's back to it near the edge as an idea came to his mind. He ordered the horse to rear up each time towards the dinosaur's front making the Tyrannosaurus Rex straightened up its form after each failed bite attempt. He found himself still nervous as the mare was sensed scared underneath him but obeyed to his orders of getting the dinosaur to back off till it reached the edge and refused to budge from the horse's manipulations as it attempted to bite her. The stranger felt fear take control as the horse gave off a loud whinnying sound and without his command took off in a direction with the cliff wall off his right as he again sensed the fearful feeling coming from him and the mare. He again looked behind him to see the dinosaur was again giving chase its attempts to bite the horse by gaping mouth nearing it each time it thrust to bite. The stranger looked off his right as the horse continued to gallop running in fear which his eyes spotted a rope bridge coming into view urged the horse towards it. He found to his fear that the rope bridge looked flimsy looking and didn't seem to be strong from the looks of but he wasn't sure if the bridge could hold the horse and figured he'll risk it. He forced the mare onto the rope bridge finding it swung a bit on each hoof footstep. The stranger heard a loud roar behind him that sounded of frustration to him which he looked to see the dinosaur was still on the cliff at the rope bridge's entrance and had eyes narrowed in some glaring look while having mouth gaping and still roaring away. He felt himself still nervous as he guided the horse slowly over the rope bridge and forced himself not to look down at the river rushing down below which he glimpsed it in a waterfall water falling down too many lengths for a Human to survive going down it. The stranger heard the horse give off a loud whinnying sound of fear which he looked behind to see the dinosaur was gnawing at one of the ropes holding up the bridge. He felt fear hitting him urged the horse to walk faster over the rope bridge finding themselves halfway through it to feel the bridge sag from the dinosaur's gnawing. He found the horse obeyed to his urging hurriedly got across to the cliff wall revealing a cave entrance and nothing else around it. He got the horse onto land as there was a loud snapping sound heard behind him which he looked to see one of the ropes of the bridge had given away and it was sagging off its side as he again heard the familiar roaring noise from the dinosaur again sounding of frustration to him. He shifted to face the cave entrance feeling himself still nervous from knowing it involved enclosed spaces making him feel fear from being in caves and such places like that. The stranger forced the horse into the cave forcing the mare to take her time walking in it. He shivered from the coldness hitting him all over despite clad in clothing of animal skins sewn together made to be like leather. He forced himself to breathe slow through the oxygen mask through his nose as the computer voice again sounded indicating inappropriate breathing techniques as the mare walked through the cave passageway seemingly endless with no opening and seemed to go around in bends of circles. He looked around the passageway seeing that some had openings indicating nothing which he figured to himself were entrances to bottomless pits making him more nervous and urged the horse to continue traveling faster. The stranger gasped of fear as the horse stumbled slipping her feet but avoided knocking him off along with keeping herself standing. He again urged the horse to continue to keep on gasping of fear each time the horse stumbled slipping and sliding over rocks he saw was really ice which he kept a tight hold onto the reins urging the mare to keep going. He felt fear take hold making him gulp for air through his mouth as he again heard the computer voice sounding loudly in his ear as the horse kept on her slipping and sliding over the rocky ground while following the cave passageway as it got more colder to him. He shivered teeth chattering while feeling the horse was moving to keep herself warm as she kept up her slipping and sliding way through the cave passageway. 
The stranger thought to himself "Perhaps I should get off the horse and guide her to safety." 
He stiffened as an image of a male Human wearing shiny clothing of a dress and tights red bird on the front and a golden crown on his long black haired head flashed in his mind along with words spoken in some cruel voice tone making him feel more nervous "Don't you dare do that. You'll lose the horse to a bottomless pit. She's more scared than you are. Besides you on her is helping her with her fear so don't get off." 
The stranger forced himself to breathe slow through his nose cutting off the computer voice recognizing the image as of Lance Richard the Humans' god and lord of animals and the earth ground the male god's voice mentally spoken to him via mind. He felt himself less fearful from Lance Richard's communication order urge the horse to continue traveling through the cave passageway despite there yawning openings of bottomless pits on each sides of him at various points that made him become nervous seeing them in view. He continued to hold the reins as the horse traveled through the cave still slipping and sliding away till his eyes sight blinked from day vision to night vision repeatedly over and over. He sighed figuring that they were near a Human manipulated point in the cave marking it in the cave passageway put in place to keep animals from traveling through that would cause harm to Humans living cocooned reportedly in some large crater in the forest valley. He sighed figuring that he was safe for now only to feel fear hitting him as crackling of electricity was heard coming from the passageway in the cave along with hearing the horse giving off sounds of panic to him. The stranger forced the horse to continue as day vision blared in his eyesight illuminating the cave passageway full of whiteness by glow balls shining in the walls put there by Humans who first discovered the cave passageway. He looked around seeing the glow balls crackled of electricity giving off sparks repeatedly making him nervous as the sparks of fire flew from them. He heard the horse give off a loud whinnying sound of fear forced the mare passed the glow balls that seemed numerous and all around them except for the ground was bare of them. The stranger gasped for breath as pain was felt on his left arm which he looked to see the animal skin was on fire which he released his hands on the reins and with his other hand waved the hand over the fired arm mentally ordering the fire to go out. He found his order obeyed but felt his arm stinging of pain but the nervousness overtook the feeling he felt for the horse as he grabbed the reins while hoping that the sparks of fire would avoid hitting her making her bolt through the cave passageway. He found to his relief the glow balls came to an end as night vision again resumed blaring in his eyesight. The stranger found the ground according to the horse no longer icy but had water on it that indicated an underground river. He forced the horse to travel through the cave passageway following the river that slowly moved sensing himself becoming braver along with sensing the same from the mare. He sighed as the horse traveled through the river splashing loudly till the river came to an end and then there was sounds of crunching noises as they entered an apparent by sight vast cave room. He looked down with a frown at the noises' source to feel fear hitting him again seeing that the earth was littered with bones indicating both Human and animals from glimpses of skeleton heads seen indicating both. The stranger felt a compulsion to look up obeyed to see above on a cave wall clinging to it was appearing to be sleeping was a large scaly four footed animal lizard similar sized as a full grown Human male he recognized with fear was a dubbed a Dragon for belching out fire towards people and animals when capturing them for eating, that was appearing to wake up from sleeping status by head shaking. He stiffened of fear seeing that sensed the Master in control by seeing clearly in his mind the wall holding his powers gone.
He waved a hand towards the Dragon mentally speaking "Sleep don't wake despite the noises till we're out of your presence is when you can wake up." 
He continued to eye the Dragon that appeared to struggle from sleeping status as the horse crunched through the field of bones that seemed vast to him all around and let the mare have her way with the path due to sensing she would find the way out for him. The stranger stiffened as the Dragon woke up belching up fire and twisted its head to eye him making him nervous as he eyed the animal. He urged the horse to hurry as the Dragon he saw adjusted its form to climb down from the cliff wall heading towards him while belching out fire through nostrils seen. He felt nervousness hitting him as the horse entered a cave passageway that seemed low in ceiling and closer all around him making his fear of enclosed spaces hit unexpectedly. He gasped loudly as there was a loud roaring sound heard behind him along with heat of fire felt on his back which he forced the horse to move quickly through the passageway feeling her nervousness hitting as day vision flashed abruptly. He looked behind towards the cave entrance to see it illuminated by fire of the Dragon along with day vision flashing then stopped followed by night vision becoming dormant. The stranger exhaled a breath feeling himself a bit relieved to see that the Dragon made no move to enter the passageway and have passed the danger of the Dragon looked ahead of him to concentrate onto the path finding the cave passageway had jagged rocks dangling from the ceiling that made him bent low on the horse to avoid banging into them or causing a rockslide by the knocking off. 
He felt himself still fearful as he thought with panic beginning to take hold gasping for air through his mouth again getting the computer voice as he mentally thought "I'll never get out of this cave." 
The stranger once again got the image of Lance Richard along with the god's cruel voice tone "Stop panicking now! Maribel needs you to help her get out of this cave so stop it now!"
He frowned at the name of Maribel forced himself to breathe slow through his nose as he repeatedly ducked avoiding jagged rocks dangling in the cave passageway still feeling himself panicking but forced himself to be calm despite fear taking hold. He kept up the ducking as the horse traveled through the cave which he heard noises becoming louder and louder as they reached the end of the cave showing a vast cave passageway with noises he recognized belonged to bats living in it overhead. The stranger felt fear hitting him making him nervous from stories of bats said to attack Humans traveling through caves. He breathed hard through his nose as the horse continued to walk through the cave while eyeing the ceiling overhead to spot too many to count bats clinging to it that rounded in a circle showing an entrance high above. He grimaced as the horse continued, feeling himself very nervous while repeatedly eyeing the bats above and the direction the mare was traveling through. He lowered himself onto the horse as he saw the bats abruptly flew all over and around him in numerous directions some felt hitting him while hearing the mare whinny sounding annoyed to him. He kept his tight hold onto the horse as she kept on walking while still feeling the bats pelting him all over the place. The stranger felt the pelting stop to his relief raised his form to see the bats most of them were gone through the ceiling entrance as he felt relief as the horse entered a cave passageway that didn't seem cold to him or indicate animals travelling in it. He sighed softly only to groan of fear as rumbling vibrations was felt along with feeling of heat hitting him which he figured that they were traveling near a lava pathway hence the heat and rumbling vibrations. 
He heard nothing from the horse in response to his fearful feeling as he mentally thought to himself "I wish I could feel safe from feeling so fearful." 
The stranger got a communication from Lance Richard blaring unexpectedly "You'll get your wish, Jinks so don't you dare let fear take control. Maribel needs you to guide her through this. It's scaring her anyway." 
He exhaled a breath through his mouth hearing Lance Richard's words and forced himself to nose breathe despite the oxygen mask's computer voice sounded again which was bringing in air through machinery attached programmed to help him tolerate the gasses caves near lava flows usually have despite animals indicating they were breathing fine. He groaned as the heat became more blaring making him sweaty unexpectedly as Maribel the horse's name he assumed as he urged the horse continued to walk through the passageway that didn't resists to his urging. He groaned softly feeling himself nervous at each time there was rumbles of earth shakes felt feeling like it could cause rockslides and bury him alive or lava could burst through burning the both of them alive. He looked around all around him seeing the cave was not just of earth but included metal scattered imbedded in the walls and ceiling all around him which he figured were holding the passageway from collapsing. The stranger groaned feeling more fearful as the heat continued to blare as there were openings in the cave passageway dripping of liquid he knew by instinct wasn't water but acid judging by them hitting the ground causing smoke to form. He forced Maribel passed those cave entrances instead of letting her stop for a drink by repeatedly manipulating the reins along with thrusting his feet on her sides despite them in stirrups due to knowing that the acid would cause death to animals and Humans if they drank a drop of it as the familiar crunching noises was heard again. He looked down with fear hitting him seeing the ground had scattered bones all indicating Humans from the looks of them. The stranger urged Maribel through the heated cave passageway making her continue despite her attempts to stop and her peals of protest indicating drinking statuses. He kept it up till the heat and rumbling vibrations slowly went away as they traveled through the cave passageway till coldness hit unexpectedly making him feel no longer sweaty. He sighed from the coldness only to stiffened of fear as a sign was seen on the wall of the cave passageway in a popular common Human lettering language. 
He stiffened as they reached the sign to force the horse to stop to read the sign saying "Now entering King Winter's domain. Enter at your own risk."
He felt fear hitting him making him gulp air through his mouth as the computer voice again sounded as he mentally thought "Ugh King Winter will suck me alive and use me as his food sources." 
He heard from Lance in response "Stop being afraid, Jinks. He doesn't normally target every single Human that comes through this cave passageway. He only targets the ones that don't answer his questions he asks towards Humans traveling in his domain." 
He mentally spoke feeling himself still fearful "That talk doesn't help me, father." 
He heard nothing more from Lance in response figured that his father was working on a solution of keeping King Winter a Humanoid vampire, god lord of the cold and snow who sucks Humans' blood as a way of surviving, off of him. The stranger urged Maribel through the cave passageway feeling coldness hitting him all around him along with seeing the ground appearing to be covered with snow from the horse's legs digging into it. He looked around feeling himself very nervous to meet King Winter unexpectedly as Maribel traveled through the snowy passageway. He sensed himself watched by the familiar senses blaring warning unexpectedly making him begin to panic due to thinking from the senses that the watcher was King Winter himself. He shivered from the cold concentrated ahead of him as Maribel continued to travel through the snow sensing the watcher was nearby but not making an appearance. He felt fear unexpectedly hit as Maribel gave off a loud whinnying noise sounding familiar indicating a Humanoid nearby for always giving that noises whenever there were Humans nearby traveling hidden instead of hiding waiting to pounce. He concentrated on the cave passageway in front of him as Maribel continued to give off her noises due to sensing she'll keep sounding it till humanoids were no longer sensed near. The stranger felt Maribel stop abruptly that gave off a whinnying noise in panicky tone despite his attempts to get her moving each met failure. He looked down towards the ground at her feet to see the snow appeared to have clamped around them looking icy to him and figured that King Winter was nearby observing them from his senses blaring of someone watching. He looked all around him forcing himself to stop feeling fearful as there was a loud roaring noise heard making his fear take hold. The stranger felt an itchy feeling on the side of his neck scratched the area only to continue feeling itchiness on the other side of his neck which he again scratched with a free hand off the reins. He continued to hold the reins as he scratched his neck all over the place till a cold hand Human felt clamped around it in some gagging choke hold making him look off his right to see the hand belonged to King Winter in a human form gnashing fanged teeth aimed at him while wearing an icy pointed crown on top of the long blonde haired head and saw the male was sticking out of the icy cave wall up to his chest clad in animal skin clothing. 
He felt himself nervous some more as a male voice loud and demanding blasted in his mind "Identity yourself now or suffer my wrath!" 
The stranger felt fear take control spoke in English the Humans' main language out loud "The name is Jinks Montreal sir. Excuse me for traveling through your domain your lordship." 
The stranger named Jinks Montreal eyed King Winter who cocked his head with Human eyes narrowed in a glare aimed at him. 
He again got the loud demanding voice he figured was King Winter's, speaking mentally to him "You reek of Lance Richard! Explain that!" 
Jinks spoke out loud "Lance Richard gave me his body to have a second chance of living after my original body ended its life's span dying of old age. This was resulted from him saying that I'm an offspring of him fathered through a Human female." 
He clamped his mouth shut feeling himself still nervous as King Winter without a word released his neck and disappeared through the icy wall, wall closing up behind the cold lord. 
Jinks mentally spoke feeling himself still nervous "I hope that's the last I see King Winter around here. He makes me nervous." 
He heard from his father Lance in response "Actually King Winter is just observing you like he does regarding visitors traveling through his domain kingdom. He only feeds off people who don't cooperate with his questioning." 
Jinks groaned softly feeling himself nervous as the watching feeling resumed and found to his relief Maribel able to move by her moving unexpectedly traveling through the snow. He shivered from the cold as there was a loud roaring noise heard making him panic recognizing the noise as King Winter's reported pet guardian some kind of lizard like dinosaur with ability to change into a polar bear and back. Jinks shook from the noises as Maribel continued to travel through the cave which he heard water running unexpectedly heard the horse give off excited sounds and figured that she was terribly thirsty. He guided Maribel through the cave passageway feeling himself nervous of when King Winter's pet guardian would pounce on them unexpectedly as there was a small waterfall come into view from the wall which he felt the horse needed a drink urged her towards it. He ran his fingers through the waterfall finding it was harmless water and allowed Maribel to have her fill from the stream of water seeing that she was terribly thirsty from how lengthy she drank. Jinks again guided Maribel out of the cave passageway due to senses of fear hitting him making him want to leave King Winter's domain as fast as possible. He traveled through a cave passageway to hear a loud roaring noise sounding familiar to him making him look up unexpectedly to see with fear a giant scaly animal he recognized as some giant dinosaur like crocodile appearing to be biting at the see through ceiling above him and not having success in breaking it. He eyed the ceiling to see it was entirely smooth and see through as the massive crocodile followed their progress while biting repeatedly till they entered a cave passageway with ground blocking his view. 
He sighed and looked around stopping Maribel's progress seeing a sign in the wall saying "Now leaving King Winter's Kingdom. Entering neutral territory domain between the cold lord and Humans, enter at your own risk." 
He felt himself nervous as Maribel continued to travel through the cave passageway that was littered with plants in the walls and urged her to continue instead of letting her stop to graze on them. He exhaled a breath and inhaled through his mouth from fear hitting him as the watching sense continued instead of stopping making the oxygen mask's voice sounded again. He forced himself to nose breathe again as he figured to himself that King Winter was still observing him making him still nervous as they both traveled through the cave passageway. Jinks forced Maribel to ignore the plants despite her whinnying of protest and indicating that she wanted to eat by her repeatedly trying to go to the plants and him forcing her to move away from them. He gasped as he saw bones of a Human hanging from the plants on the wall and figured that it was actually a living ivy plant that captured people and animals for King Winter to feed off of once ensnared in its ivy vines. He urged Maribel through the cave passageway finding her not protesting to the urging instead continued on going through it making him nervous in being captured by the ivy plant's whims for King Winter to feed off of. He felt wind blowing unexpectedly blowing into the cave passageway as the plants ended making himself relieved but still nervous as the watching sense stopped. Jinks urged Maribel through the cave to find themselves exiting the cave passageway and into fresh air of outside which he saw was actually a cliff hang with a rope bridge over a gorge leading to another cave entrance making him still nervous. 
He groaned out a soft groan and mentally spoke "When will I get out of traveling through the cave? It's enclose space is freaking me out." 
Jinks heard from Lance "What did I tell you when you started taking that path to the town of Wolf's Howl despite your obsession with that place anyway?"
He groaned softly and urged Maribel onto the rope bridge feeling himself still nervous as the horse traveled onto it and reached the cave entrance which they both went inside. 
He again heard from Lance "Jinks answer me now!"
Jinks groaned of fear hearing the parental authority from his father's voice tone mentally spoke "You told me that I'll be risking my life and the horse I'll be using as my means of travel to Wolf's Howl and that I could die from the traveling route." 
Jinks heard nothing from Lance in response figured that his father was waiting for a perfect moment to scare him due to knowing that his unexpected voice sounding in his mind scared him unexpectedly and had suffered from being shocked by that before. He felt nervousness take hold as Maribel galloped through the cave passageway he saw was entirely rounded all over and appeared to be made out of machine from the looks of it and was big and large enough for a horse and rider to gallop through it. 
He sigh feeling himself safe from harm to think that comment only to feel nervousness as he heard "You're not safe till your back in New York City's domain underneath the care of the Master Organization's people." 
Jinks felt himself nervous unexpectedly mentally spoke "Safe underneath the Master Organization's people? Didn't you see how they treated me like I was some prized object worth kept contained in some glass prison cell and only given nourishment of strawberry milkshakes through bottles dropped from the ceiling?"
He shivered from the memory of his containment by the group called Master Organization reportedly said to worship Lance Richard as their god along with seeing human males with his face as his vessel as he heard nothing in response from Lance figured that his father was angry at him and not going to comment till he was over the mood.  He again urged Maribel through the cave passageway making him still nervous till they reached an opening showing a forest which he allowed the horse to have her fill from the plants gathered around the entrance. He sighed shivering from the fearful feeling hitting him unexpectedly making him shake which he forced himself to calm down breathing through his nose as Maribel stopped her feeding and galloped through the forest crashing through the plants. He looked up to spot high above him was a shimmery shine he figured that they were now underneath a dome a large glass that covered Human dominated habit territory. 
He sighed and reached a hand towards his oxygen mask only to hear "Don't you dare take that off! The dome isn't always oxygenated for Humans, Jinks."
Jinks groaned recognizing his father's voice as he removed his hand and kept it on the reins.
He continued to ride through the forest till Maribel reared up unexpectedly which he gripped the reins tightly as he could keeping himself on her. 
He heard "Surrender your gold or else stranger for we have you surrounded!"
Jinks felt himself nervous hearing the voice recognizing it as Human and male and appearing to belonging to a band of thieves reportedly living in the forest that would rob traveling Humans' of their riches and horses leaving them to travel on foot through the area. He mentally sensed the Master in control kept his hands on the reins and eyed the forest in front of him to see bushes rumble showing three male Humans wearing oxygen masks while dressed raggedy on foot holding gun weapons pointed at him. 
He heard from one of them "Get off your horse or I'll shoot!"
Jinks eyed the men and mentally spoke while waving his hands in surrender gestures towards the males "Sleep, sleep." 
He saw his order obeyed by the males looking sleepy and collapsing onto the ground unconscious which he heard "Beep, beep, beep."
Jinks groaned hearing the noises making him nervous as the greenery in front of him rumbled showing a three horned towering overhead dinosaur with fanged teeth which he spied a metal collar around its neck with a jeweled object in the middle of it as the beeping noises continued loudly. He stiffened of fear hitting him recognizing the noises coming from the dinosaur's collar warning Humans of whenever a domesticated dinosaur was near. He heard Maribel whinny in terror as he mentally got her to continue into the forest making her gallop out of sight and away from the men to spy behind him was the dinosaur giving chase with the beeping noises sounding loudly. He continued to feel fear hitting him as the dinosaur's beeping noises was joined by multiple beeping noises sounding all over the place all around him to him. He saw a path indicating horse back travel use and figured that he'll take it to keep himself safe from running into dinosaurs hidden in the forest despite beeping noises heard all around. He felt Maribel's nervousness underneath him urged the horse to run with him nervous himself still guiding her over the path while hearing noises of domesticated dinosaurs roaring all around him overtaking the beeping noises that sounded like they were hungry to him. 
He felt nervousness hit him as he continued galloping away on Maribel thinking "Please don't let us bump into a dinosaur accidentally or have them target my ride until I'm done with her. I don't think I can stand travel through this forest without her." 
He halted Maribel when he saw a large structure loomed in sight unexpectedly showing the path leading towards it seeing a metal wall with a large metal like drawbridge door that had a sign next to it as he heard zapping of electricity sounds behind him loudly halting dinosaurs' roaring noises. He looked behind him to see the three horned dinosaur was still in the vicinity making steps towards him and witnessed the metal collar's jewel glow along with electricity zapping sounds heard coming from it as the animal backed up along with resuming stepping towards him with collar glowing again each time which would cause it to back up. 
Jinks sighed feeling himself safe for now shifted to read the sign saying “Wolf’s Howl, New York.” 
Jinks sighed again seeing that he had arrived to the town and saw the drawbridge door which he figured was the entrance held up a hand mentally speaking "Unlock now." 
He heard a clunk along with a bang sound coming from the drawbridge that refused to budge opening as he heard in response "Inappropriate animal detected."
Jinks groaned recognizing the voice as the computerized gatekeeper again held up his hand and mentally spoke "Unlock now." 
He again got the familiar computer voice speaking its familiar words. Jinks felt frustration hitting him as there were laser lights seen indicating that the gatekeeper was going to shoot him by fireballs hence the lights seen which he lowered his hand and snarled out "Drat the dinosaurs for being nearby."
He urged Maribel to a slow walk following the structure’s wall that revealed a high overhead glass fence dome while hearing humming of electricity appearing to be coming from it. 
He groaned out "I got to get inside to safety." 
He groaned of fear hitting him again figuring out that the town was shut for the night underneath the glass dome and he would be forced to stay out in the forest a target for domesticated dinosaurs and Human thieves. He followed the wall seeing building structures from peering through it and paused as his eyesight traveled off his left where he saw a small hill with an identical like dome surrounding it not surrounded by the town’s dome. He felt curiosity hitting him overtaking his fear urged the horse to gallop towards the hill’s dome despite hearing multiple beeping noises coming from the following dinosaurs. He saw underneath the dome was a cemetery and recognized it with familiarity hitting him. He reached the dome seeing it was high overhead and too high for the horse to jump over it while hearing humming of electricity followed it till a box on a metal pole stand stood a foot from the dome which he spotted a door in it indicating an airlock entrance. He dismounted with a hand on the reins and went to the box which he opened its door to see a large metal switch in it. He pulled it down and heard the electricity humming stop while sensing the electricity had ceased. He turned the horse around and released the reins and slapped Maribel on the rump causing her to take off running into the forest out of sight hearing her whinnying in terror before hearing loud roaring noises loudly sounding happy to him which he grimaced from that figuring out that the domesticated dinosaurs guardians of the town from hearing about it had managed to get their hands onto the animal to feed off of hence her terror noises and their noises of happiness to him. He went to the airlock gate sliding it open and closed it behind him and saw to his annoyance instead of a room for removing oxygen masks was there was no room at all while spotting an identical box on a stand a foot away with a worn grass path next to it. He went to the box and opened it pulling up the switch. He again heard the sound of electricity humming through the dome. Sighing he walked among rows of tombstones looking worn from time's elements looking at the gravestones’ names eyes searching. His feet led him to a row which he entered and walked among the graves eyes aimed at the tombstones till his eyes settled on two separated from the row by the contents facing another direction. 
He walked around the gravestones till he saw the names of the two which he read “Roosevelt Knight, Janel Knight.”
Jinks sighed of relief hitting him feeling himself safe from harm and walked to kneel in front of the tombstone less than an arm length away that said “Janel Knight.” 
He smiled a small smile and spoke out loud “I have come like I said I would and I won’t leave you again.” 
He reached a hand to touch the stone jutting up from the ground in a round arch to feel the carved words on it. He sighed again as a memory of Janel looking grandmother aged flashed in his mind. He shut his eyes allowing the memory to come through him which he remembered walking into a building in New York City around night time taking an elevator while feeling urged to hurry. 
Jinks pressed a button that that had wording label next to it said “Penthouse.”
He stood in the elevator brimming with impatience while wearing a business suit and a hat covering his head and sunglasses covering his eyes. The elevator reached its floor showing a hallway with a checkered floor. He heard crying sounds in the distance allowed him to follow it to an open a bit doorway which he peered through to see multiple people gathered inside a room that appeared to be a sitting room from the looks of it along with noticing some had their backs to the doorway. He could hear the crying becoming louder from inside the room. Jinks felt his feet lead him away from the door to down the hallway to a door at the end that was ajar as if compelled. He peered inside putting away his sunglasses to see a massive bed with a canopy in the room and froze with fear hitting him seeing a female figure lying inside on the bed with white hair. He sighed willing aside the fearful feeling as the female opened her eyes as if detecting him aimed at the doorway staring at him watching. He gently opened the door wider and walked inside shutting it behind him. 
He heard from the female in bed a raspy feminine voice speaking “Jinks Montreal, you came like you promised you would.” 
He sigh recognizing Janel’s voice despite the raspy tone and went to the bed to sit on it taking her old gnarled wrinkled hand in his grip. 
He stared at Janel who smiled a weak smile at him then she spoke “I told the others to come back when the sun rises. I didn’t want them to know of you visiting me.” 
He nodded his head towards Janel who again spoke “A pity that death can’t touch you, Jinks. Oh well. At least I’ll be with Roo again. What a reunion it’ll be when I see him.”
Jinks sighed again softly at the nickname towards her deceased husband Roosevelt Knight as Janel gripped his hand and then she spoke “I have told the others to bury me where Roo is buried. Will you visit my grave from time to time remembering me?”
He spoke “Yes I will. I will come to visit and will be sure to remember you.” 
He frowned as Janel gave off a raspy cough sound then she spoke “Jinks, remember me will you?”
He nodded his head as Janel closed her eyes and he heard her breathing become lesser and lesser followed by her breathing cut off which he felt Janel’s body gave up its life to death. Jinks raised a hand towards Janel in a salute then released his hold on her hand and then got up from the bed putting on his sunglasses. He left the room quietly walking pass the doorway where crying sounds were heard and went to the elevator taking it down to the lobby floor where he walked out of the building into the night as fear hit him unexpectedly a feeling that continued to remain with him. 

Jinks blinked his eyes of the memory flashing in his mind of Janel's death from remembering that she always saw him as a good friend despite his unnatural mental Human abilities known by her and his ability to be eternally young while deathless, a friendship that continued her entire life from her babyhood to death of old age. He opened his eyes to stare at Janel’s gravestone and gave it a rub with his hand in a care gesture then he adjusted his position to lie down onto his back eyes staring at the moonlight sky while taking off his hat spilling his black long below shoulder length hair, onto his chest while continuing to hear faint roaring noises of domesticated dinosaurs sounding faintly. He sigh feeling himself safe from harm but the feeling of fear continued to stay with him as he willed away the Master. He sigh again eyes staring at the dome's round top as a memory of himself wearing his animal skin clothing living homeless off the streets of New York City flashed in his mind. He had lived there for uncounted number of time struggling to find a way to Wolf’s Howl a town that over too many leagues away from New York City till one morning he out of desperation came upon a policeman walking his horse on a deserted street. He snuck behind the policeman getting onto the horse from behind and thrust an arm around the male's neck in some choking hold making him gasp for air loudly. He kept onto the choke hold sensing the man's breathing become lesser and lesser till the man stopped moving and became limp in his arms. He pushed aside the policeman who fell onto the ground and he grabbed the reins and galloped it out of the city in the direction where Wolf’s Howl town lay. It had taken him all day of riding the horse to the dome's border surrounding New York City and its lands trying to find an way out and a place for getting an oxygen mask till he came upon an inn at the dome's entrance with a stable and found a stable hand sleeping in a stall with a horse appearing to be set for riding along with an oxygen mask found on the horse. Jinks recalling thrust a fist into the stable hand's face repeatedly seeing the male woke up but went unconscious from the fisting. He switched horses quietly and used the fresh horse to take him away out of the dome's entrance despite guarded by the machine guards there. He had managed to use the Master abilities to shut down the machines' attempts to keep him from leaving the dome by saying the command of machine out along with a mental order of getting the locked door to the entrance open and then once out used his powers to get it shut behind him. The travel had taken him many days with the horse to get to Wolf’s Howl using the items on the mare to survive along with repeatedly outwitting dinosaurs' attempts to target his ride as food till he reached the town at night. He recalled the horse stopping abruptly for the first time while he was riding to see group of horned Raptor dinosaurs came out of the bushes in front of him and acted hungry towards him indicating that they wanted the horse as food by trying to target her despite she kicking at them along with giving chase when he rode the horse away while still feeling the fearful feeling of fear. He frowned recalling that he had to get the horse into a river due to knowledge that the Raptors wouldn’t go in and swim which he had the horse swim in the river for a lengthy period till it was apparent the Raptors lost interests in chasing him for getting his ride as food then got her to swim out onto the bank then rode her towards where he wanted to go guided by his instincts telling him where the town lay. 
He remembered clearly in his mind Lance telling him "Jinks turn back now! It's not worth it risking your life traveling to Wolf's Howl!" 
He remembered that he told off his father mentally by saying "I'm going period and you can't stop me so shut up now!"
Lance in response had stopped his chatter instead seemed silent during most of the duration of the ride only telling him from time to time to stay on the horse whenever he thought of getting off of her. Jinks continued to recall sensing the dinosaurs following but keeping their distance from him along with hiding from him as he rode the horse through the forest till some were brave enough to confront demanding his horse for feeding by coming out of the bushes. He sigh from the feeling of fear to hear an faint eerie roar sounding from his left recalled coming upon another group of raptor dinosaurs who howled the sound chilling him to the bone which his horse in fear ran with him clinging to the saddle and the dinosaurs were sensed not chasing instead were just hiding which he continued to recall himself and the horse finding those dinosaurs hiding in the forest by nearly coming upon them from their hiding spot on the way to the town.  Jinks sigh and shut his eyes falling asleep feeling like he earned his rest and that he was safe for now but the feeling of fear remained. 

He woke up sensing daylight shining opened his eyes to see the sun was peeking a little above the horizon while hearing silence from the forest to sense that the domesticated dinosaurs has gone to sleep at the time of day. He sat up putting up his hair and stuck his hat on his head and did some limber stretches before swinging himself up by an acrobatic move rare for male Humans to do.  He walked to the airlock and shut off the electricity from the box then opened the dome entrance sliding it shut behind him. He went to the box and turned back on the electricity then walked towards the town’s entrance. Jinks could see the drawbridge was down with people wandering out all wearing oxygen masks over their faces and some of them were standing around chatting with each other by hand gestures towards each other. He walked by them hearing their chats become silent seeing him walking by making him nervous from their staring due to memories of people from the Master Organization staring at him obsessed while he was contained in a glass box. He entered the town through the airlock hallway after manipulating the door and showing a rack of oxygen masks. 
He heard a computer voice speak "Adjusting oxygen wait." 
Jinks frowned feeling himself impatient as the computer voice again sounded "Oxygen acceptable levels, mask can be taken off."
He obeyed yanking off the mask off his face held onto his head and facial area by straps of Velcro feeling himself relieved to have it off and entered the open doorway leading to the town. He wandered among the buildings reading the signs displayed outside them while noticed by town’s folk that appeared to have various lengths of black hair with tanned brown skin and eye colors of brown and blue some having both whenever they stared at him making him nervous. 
Jinks saw a building with a sign that said “Wolf's Howl Town Library.”
He wandered inside looking around to spot flat screened computers in one section appearing to be for voice activated orders and bookcases filled with books in another section with a series of tables scattered around with arm chairs around the tables. He sighed and spotted a case holding the newspapers and went to it. 
He took out a newspaper he saw said “King’s Times.” 
Sighing softly he went to a table he found after doing some exploring hidden from view behind a large towering bookcase in a corner due to feeling himself fearful and didn't want others to continue to stare at him despite them sensed doing it to him in the library, and sat reading the paper. The newspaper he read continued to detail the same old story to him new laws by the King the Humans' titled leader and a government group including laws that were struck down by either one. He continued to read an article said to be the King’s words as if the King himself wrote it like an editorial talking about times being hard due to technology troubles and troubles with the weather hitting the United States along with talking about the past Ancient Earth history about how the Humans in space in an orbiting space station regrouped after a disaster of an asteroid hit Earth causing devastation and destruction despite failed attempts to destroy the asteroid which the current planetary world Terra wound up forming in its place. He continued to read that the Human survivors after a month in space watching the planet for signs of life managed to find something survived landed onto it via space shuttles due to supplies on the space station were running out and found the dinosaurs came back to existence along with the air not good for Humans to breathe hence the creations of domes and plants altered to give off air while contained in those domes.  Jinks frowned reading the newspaper reading its entire contents feeling himself needing to do it. He sigh once done and went to the newspaper case putting it away then went to the computers examining one he saw needed a library card for access. Sighing he wandered out of the library walking among the town exploring its contents visiting buildings that seemed to accept the public till the sun became low in the sky and he walked out of the town through the airlock picking up a new oxygen mask seeing that they were the same. He again had to wait for the computer to say it was safe for him to go out and went through the drawbridge entrance noticed by people standing around watching him again making him still nervous. He went to the cemetery and let himself inside putting on the electricity after getting inside and walked to Janel’s grave to kneel eyes staring at her tombstone. He gently reached out a hand and gave the tombstone a rub of caring as the sun disappeared from the sky going pass the horizon. He lied on his back taking off his hat to stare at the sky as he again heard the dinosaur noises faintly but loud to him. Jinks flinched from a glare of a flashlight abruptly shining in his face and sat up glaring at the intruder he glimpsed was a male wearing some police uniform. 
He felt himself nervous from the glare as the male stopped shining the flashlight onto him and he saw was wearing an identical oxygen mask as the male spoke “Oh good that I’m not alone in here. I got to the town too late to see the drawbridge up and had to take shelter in here. I dislike being alone in graveyards. The place gives me the creeps.” 
Jinks rolled his eyes feeling annoyance hitting him as he again lied on his back and placed his hat on his chest to stare at the sky. Jinks sensed the male had stopped his chatter as he kept his mouth shut as the policeman he assumed was his job sat down next to him on Roosevelt’s grave without a word. He shut his eyes allowing himself to sleep and ignored the man who continued to chatter talk he heard partly about graveyards scaring him since he was a kid.  Jinks fell asleep dreaming of memories with Janel and her friendship with him flashing in his mind’s eye. He woke up sensing daylight to hear a loud snoring sound besides him. 
He sat up to look at the policeman who had tan skin and black long hair which was pulled back in a braid judging by the looks of it from the man’s lying position on his back who he saw had a name plate that said “Stonehawk”.          
Jinks exhaled a breath and got up walking away feeling himself too nervous to talk to the male. He heard a shout of surprise behind him and kept walking figuring out that the policeman had waken up. He went to the dome's airlock and undid the electricity and walked out to the town going through the entrance noticed by people staring at him he again forced himself to ignore despite feeling fearful and again got the familiar scenario of entrance granted. He walked to the town’s library and again got the familiar newspaper with a different date on it in the newspapers’ case and went to a corner to sit at a table reading it. 
He heard a throat clearing noise sounding nearby him but kept on reading the paper due to thinking "Whoever that is will leave me alone once it's obvious I'm not going to acknowledge them." 
Jinks ignored the noise and heard a male voice whispering “Stranger, don’t you have a name sir?”
He lowered the paper to see a male he assumed was the librarian by a name plate on the front saying Longbow while wearing green clothing appearing to be an uniform of some business suit and tan skin with hair in a crew cut and intense blue eyes that stared at him creeping him out making him more nervous further. 
Jinks exhaled a breath and spoke whispering finding from the male's expression that he wasn't going to leave till he answered his question period “The name’s Dominique.”
He again raised his paper to continue read and heard the librarian again speak “The name’s Cougar Longbow. Welcome to Wolf’s Howl. Feel free to ask for anything around here and people will see that you get it.” 
He kept his mouth shut and continued to read the paper hearing silence from the librarian and peered over it to see that Cougar he assumed was his name had walked out of sight making him relieved from that along with the fearful feeling stopping but still there. He read the paper reading its entire contents and then got up putting it back in the newspapers’ case. 
His eye fell on a newspaper that said “Master’s Herald.”
Jinks felt curiosity hitting him overtaking his fearful feeling picked up the newspaper and carried it back to the table where he sat and began reading it. He discovered the newspaper focused on the belief of believing Lance Richard as a Master and god and lord of Humans. He continued to read the newspaper mention in it talking about an unidentified man who’s facial appearance was looking alike to Lance Richard being pegged as the vessel that had disappeared some time ago saying the man had gone into hiding due to being scared off by religious fanatics who saw him as their deity Lord. Jinks paused from reading to grimace feeling himself further scared running through him. He recalled to himself the reason why he was in Wolf’s Howl in hiding which was what the newspaper had said about religious fanatics who saw him as their Master and tried to worship him as a deity Lord by containing him in some glass box at some shrine place for Lance Richard. Jinks shook his head and continued to read the newspaper which detailed attempts to find the man have resulted in few clues with searchers believers of the Master secretly seeking the man in hiding in an attempt to find him and help him cope with the religious fanatics. 
Jinks paused from reading to thought to himself as fear billowed through "Their not helping me with that by them making things worse by getting those fanatics aware of my location and then they’ll come and capture me then contain me in some shrine place of worship towards Lance Richard using me like some prize object which my freedom and privacy will be restricted by them watching my every move while in containment.”
Jinks heard from Lance "Jinks stop being scared with some belief that all of the Master Organization people are feeling like that. Start believing that there's some of the people who don't act like that." 
 He grimaced feeling fear hitting him while giving his head a shake then continued to read the newspaper which he read detailed information about what the Master would want believers to do which mentioned living life according to following the land’s laws and helping people with their problems whether their believers or not and passing along the belief to believer’s children. 
Jinks sigh pausing from reading thinking to himself “Just once can’t someone do something about the fanatics to get them stopped obsessed with the Master and let me have a life?”
He again grimaced from fear hearing nothing from Lance and continued to read the newspaper which he found an article detailed information about search efforts to find Lance Richard’s look alike with a report of them focusing in New York City due to reports of people homeless and not homeless mysteriously hit with sleepiness when in presence of a man. The article he read continued to mention that people have from hypnosis' scans from doctors specialized in that ability have said that they reported encountering a man matching Lance Richard’s facial appearance description while wearing different types of clothing on his form which they said they confronted him on his face and got him flaring some all black eyed look along with sleepiness hitting them putting them asleep. He kept reading while grimacing that the newspaper detailed that the last sighting of the look alike was reportedly said that he was wearing clothing that appeared to be leather animal skins and haven’t seen him since. Jinks groaned softly as he recalled mentally putting people to sleep with the mental abilities he dubbed Master in control whenever he encountered them confronting him on his face being twin to Lance Richard along with stealing items from the people such as money to buy food and an exchange of clothing. He recalled stealing jewelry from the people that looked expensive and had pawned them off in pawn shops littered around in the city using hypnosis onto the clerks to give him the money instead of cooperating with their demands for identification. Jinks recalled using the money for food and clothing which he would exchange clothes in public restrooms then put his old clothes folded on a sidewalk and leaving it there. He remembered stealing a pair of sunglasses from an outside booth distracting the seller by pushing some people into it to make a mess which he had always worn them as a disguise along with various hats keeping his hair up hidden underneath, for hiding while in New York City. Jinks recalled to himself that he came upon a dead homeless male bum in a construction zoned building part of the city and had exchanged clothes putting on his current clothes on and putting his old ones on the dead bum and taking the bum’s hat which he went around the city wearing it unnoticed by people who didn’t seem to know that it was Jinks himself. Jinks frowned as he recalled getting feelings of being filmed by hidden camera while walking on a crowded sidewalk while in the city one day that the feeling freaked him out to disappear into an alley way getting rid of the feeling and coming upon a policeman on walking his horse who he put to sleep by choking him leaving the sunglasses onto the male's face and stole the horse riding it out of the city to the dome's entrance where there was an inn where he got the fresh horse and oxygen mask. Jinks shook his head and continued to read the article that stated that there were attempts by people to contact the man who in response put them to sleep using some mental power and the people have woken up with items on them gone such as money and their jewelry tracked in pawn shops littered around the city which owners there reported seeing the man come in with those items and getting money for them despite some law saying that they had to use ID cards for it. He continued to read that the male was seen on cameras in the stores appearing to use some hypnosis trick to get the store clerks to hand him the money in exchange for the items he gave them. He read that there was a report by Scotland Yard a police force policing Human registered groups who sighted the man and tracked him till he disappeared into an alley way where they found a policeman lying asleep on the ground wearing sunglasses and figured that the man had left the city by stealing the policeman’s horse and could have gone anywhere. He kept reading that they have managed to waken the policeman who told them the sunglasses wasn't his which they took to be fingerprinted and rumored came up with an identity but have refused to say to people or to the newspaper's reporters' inquiries on who that man was despite rumors going around about him identified. Jinks groaned of fear while reading the article and once done with the newspaper went to the newspapers’ case and put it away. 
He groaned softly thinking to himself "It won't take long before Scotland Yard gets desperate find me and will reveal my identity to the public in an attempt to find me." 
He heard nothing in response from Lance as he walked out of the library aimlessly wandering around and came upon the towns green to sit on bench staring at the grass breathing the recycled air deeply. He sat with arms folded and sensed people watching him by senses blaring along with fear hitting him again billowing within him which he lifted his eyes to spot four people appearing to be youths judging by their youngness looks wearing gonoid skin clothes with long black hair and tan skins nearby two staring at him fully with their faces looking in his direction with blue eyes aimed at him while the other two appeared to hide it judging by their faces looking in another direction. Jinks grimaced inwardly feeling himself fearful as he ignored the four young males staring at him recalling an incident with four males in New York City. 
He recalled sitting on a bench lost in thought till a male voice was heard saying "You're in our seat so get off."
Jinks heard the laughter in the tone looked up to see four males looking Asian to him by the smallness of eyes which one repeated his words while noticing that their clothing were raggedy indicating them as homeless. 
He got up and went to another bench only to get the males following and standing in front of him with one again saying "You're in our seat so get off."
Jinks felt disgust take hold refused to budge from the bench in response as one of the males spoke in gibberish sounding like foreign language to him before they proceeded to grab his arms yanking him from the seat as another got behind him thrusting his arm around his neck as the fourth stood in front of him raising a hand fisted aimed in his direction with a sneer on his face. Jinks remembered training of self defense moves in combative art proceeded to yank his arms out of the males' grips and yanked the third male's arm off around his neck while ducking as the fourth male threw his fist aimed in his direction. 
He heard a loud groaning grunt in response along with "Sorry missed him."
He frowned as he slid to the ground and rolled away on it till he got up and eyed the males to see the one who had arm around his neck had grabbed the fisted male by the shirt and was yelling "Sorry?! You're sorry?!"
Jinks frowned as the males got into an argument on the sorry state as he backed up into the bushes hiding out of sight watching them get into fist fights aimed at each other which he shook his head and left the scene figuring it was best to be away from them. He groaned from the memory hitting him saw the sun become low in the sky walked to the airlock entrance while sensing himself being followed which his senses told him were the young males by seeing them following. He reached the airlock entrance to go inside picking up an oxygen mask putting it on and waited for the computer voice to say it was safe for him to get out which he walked through the drawbridge entrance passed people and walked out of the town ignoring people’s chatter becoming silent seeing him. He continued to walk till he reached the graveyard and went inside then turned on the electricity by the box switch. He walked to Janel’s grave to sit leaning his back on the gravestone eyes staring at the sky showing the colors of the sunset. 
He sighed and spoke out loud “Janel, wish you were here with me. I could use your friendship and words of advice you always given me to assure me that everything will be alright.”
Jinks paused then continued as the sun disappeared below the horizon “I don’t know where to go besides here to hide from the religious fanatics who seem to see me as a prize object. I don’t know who to trust to keep me away from them and let me have a life as I please to do with it my way.” 
He paused to adjust his position till his back was on the ground and then added while yanking off his hat putting it on his chest “Sometimes I wish life was the way it was when you and Roosevelt were alive. Me living anonymously doing what I wanted without having people spying on me giving me no freedom and no privacy and people treating me as something worth worshipping. Ugh it’s not what I had in mind with my life hence me here with you in hiding.”
He felt sadness hitting him hard followed by his eyes watering tears which he didn’t resist to the emotion allowed it through to cry softly. He cried as tears spilled from his eyes falling down his cheeks and he rolled over onto his side curling into a ball with hands touching the oxygen mask fogging up the glass part of it while breathing hard through his mouth as the familiar computer voice sounded to wail a loud cry of anguish then became silent. Jinks cried to himself as he felt sleepiness hit him hard breathed deeply through his nose as the fog and computer voice went away making his sight clear and shut his eyes willing himself to sleep despite nights of reportedly staying awake for trouble while on horse back. He dreamed of himself walking on a beach wearing clothing that felt girlish to the feel like tights and dress like to the touch and comfortable to his skin. He paused from walking to stare at the water and felt a hand on his arm to look at his left to see a man he recognized as Lance Richard with the crown on his head who had a frown in his face and eyes. Jinks sighed as Lance pulled him towards him which he didn’t resist and allowed his father to hug him which he burst into tears weeping very hard sobbing. 
Jinks weep out “Why oh why?”
He heard nothing from Lance but felt himself soothed by his father’s hands on his back and on the back of his head hugging him tighter. He cried more tears till they stopped coming and felt Lance gently rubbing his back with a hand on it. Jinks placed his hands on Lance’s sides gripping his father’s clothing in a tight grip as he felt the tears stopped. 
He groaned out “I can’t stand not having privacy and freedom to do what I want without people spying on me and some of those people are religious fanatics who see me as their religious deity Lord the Master to worship me as that. I couldn’t take it anymore went into hiding. I didn’t know who to trust or where to go so I went to where I could be safe which is with her.” 
Jinks paused from talking as Lance continued to rub his back which he placed his chin on his father's shoulder letting go of Lance’s clothing. 
He continued speaking “With her is the only place I could be safe and live anonymously as myself without religious fanatics bothering me. She brought friendship to my life and I miss her terribly that I sleep on her grave. I miss my life with her when she was alive. I’m upset that death seemingly can’t touch me like it has touched her.” 
Jinks paused from talking to feel Lance’s arms stop holding him and felt his father gently push him away which he looked to see a frown on the man’s face and eyes as there was a flash of bright light behind the male. 
He spoke with pleading in his voice tone “Father don't leave me. Stay with me please. I need you.” 
Lance to his annoyance interrupted putting a finger to his lips quieting him and saw a hint of a serious expression in his father's eyes and face as the finger went down followed by speaking "I'll do what you say to me, Jinks since your begging is making me sympathetic with you. I warn you I can't stay in between life and death forever guiding you in your life. I may one day be called home via compulsion once it's obvious you don't need me. At the moment you do need me which I'll see that you'll receive the help you need." 
Jinks frowned forming a questioningly look on his face while staring at Lance who placed a hand on his forehead followed by him forcing his eyes closed as the scene went 

Jinks woke up with a start seeing that it was still dark by night vision blaring as day vision flashed back and forth from night to day as the day became lighter of the sunrise as the dinosaurs’ roaring noises ceased with the feeling of fear lowering its ebb. He slowly sat up rubbing a hand on his oxygen mask feeling himself tired and exhausted from his crying bout along with hunger pains he felt within him that couldn’t be ignored. Sighing he adjusted his position to lean against Janel’s gravestone eyes staring at the sky watching the sun slowly rise from the horizon shining rays of light. He grabbed his hat putting it on his head putting up his hair covering it and stretched his limber exercises then awkwardly got up from the ground feeling tiredness running through him. He walked to the town’s entrance walking pass people standing around who went silent seeing him making him nervous as usual. He entered the town after removing the oxygen mask walking to the library to the newspapers’ case which he grabbed a newspaper out of random and took it to his regular table in the corner and began to aimlessly reading it not registering the words in his mind. He heard a throat clearing noise sounding very loudly followed by the table jerking as if someone bumped into it. 
Jinks lowered the newspaper to see Cougar standing across from him who spoke “There’s a soup kitchen in the town hall building. See about getting a meal from there. Perhaps they can get you a bed in town.” 
Jinks nodded his head at Cougar’s words as the man again spoke “I just hope whatever is paining you to be in your situation becomes resolved. I don’t like seeing people hurt from bad situations and allowing it to overtake their life.”
He again nodded his head as Cougar formed a frown on his face before walking away. Jinks felt hunger pains hitting him hard sighed and folded up the newspaper which he got up walking to the newspapers’ case and put it away. 
He walked out of the library as a man bumped into him who sputtered “I’m sorry about that"
He saw the man was bald with a brown haired beard and mustache and saw the man’s clothing were a brown vest with a white short sleeve long tunic dress underneath it along with blue long sleeves and the man had on black leggings like tights with brown boots indicating a rich off family status to him who stared at him with intense probing look with his brown eyes. Jinks felt fear hitting him from the man's intense stare as the man shrugged and walked away which he went going to the town hall building. He went inside looking around at the reception area and saw a female staring at him intensively that bothered him making him still fearful. 
Jinks frowned and turned to go and heard “The soup kitchen entrance is at the back of the building with stairs going down to the basement.”
He waved a hand in response to the female's voice and then walked out of the building going around it to spot an open door with a sign on it. 
He reached the door and stiffened as he read the sign which said “Montreal soup kitchen.” 
Jinks frowned at the word Montreal feeling himself nervous but still hungry went inside walking down the stairs to reach a door which his nose smelled food and his mouth watered as he opened the door and walked inside to see a large room with series of tables and chairs scattered around it. He saw at one end of the room on his right was an open end kitchen where two overweight men wearing cook uniforms were busy at stoves appearing to be in the middle of cooking. He saw one of them look in his direction and frowned watching as the cook he assumed was his title grabbed a tray and began loading up dishes filled with food and a cup of liquid along with silverware which the man placed on the kitchen island and gestured with a hand towards him. Jinks felt his hunger take control went to the tray picking it up and carried it to a table which he sat down placing the tray on the table. He eyed the food that smelled good to him which he grabbed the fork and knife and began eating the food and he ate in a fast motion gobbling it up till there was nothing left and gulped down the cup’s contents till there wasn’t much for him to drink down. Jinks sighed leaning back in the chair hands on his lap feeling his hunger gone from him. Jinks saw out of the corners of his eyes a familiar figure walk in his line of sight which he recognized as the bald man who bumped into him at the library going to his table to sit at a chair staring at him. Jinks felt the bald man’s eyes staring at him with an intense probing stare that bothered him. 
He stared back at the bald man who spoke “You’re Jinks Montreal.” 
Jinks stiffened at the bald man’s words that sounded like a statement of fact and not a question making him feeling angry instead of nervous. 
Jinks spoke narrowing his eyes aimed at the man “The name’s Dominique. I don’t know who you’re talking about.” 
He stared at the bald man who shrugged and spoke “The name’s Steven. As for the name of Dominique it’s the name of your cat who passed away years ago which you have been heard calling yourself that from people in New York City.” 
Jinks felt annoyance hitting him which he again spoke allowing anger to take control instead of feeling the familiar emotion of nervousness when confronted on his identity “I don’t know of a cat named Dominique. It’s just a name I’ve taken a liking to and have been calling myself that.”
Jinks felt anger arriving within him to cause him to glare at Steven who again shrugged and spoke “Only Jinks Montreal would sleep on a grave belonging to a girl he had a friendship with in his life in some cemetery said to be really haunted by ghosts of the dead who kick people out as spoken around by the town’s folk and people who have reportedly slept there which doesn't matter if their from the town or not.” 
He felt his anger take control angrily got up from the chair slamming it onto the table and walked away going out of the building up the stairs. He sensed Steven had followed him outside and he went to a bench to sit and felt the man sitting next to him to his annoyance. 
He heard Steven speak “Put your faith in Lance, Jinks.” 
Jinks snarled an angry animal like sound and got up from the bench storming towards the airlock entrance as he sensed the Master powers inside him itching to take control. He felt a hand grab his arm in a tight grip which he angrily yanked his arm out of to face Steven who had a frown on his face. 
Jinks pointed a finger at Steven and spoke “Leave me alone. Go back to where you come from and forget about me.” 
He lowered his hand as Steven spoke “You have forgotten yourself, Jinks.”
He walked away and again felt his arm grabbed in an ironclad grip which he angrily allowed the Master to take control grabbed the hand with his hand and yanked the hand off his arm as Steven again resumed grabbing at his arms. He felt annoyance take hold as Steven refused to quit grabbing his arm despite hand yanking it off. He grabbed Steven's wrist and twisted Steven around till the arm was behind the man in a loose grip who struggled against his hand hold but managed to get out of his grip to again attempt grip his arm again. He freed himself and again got Steven into a lock hold by hand gripping the male's arm in some tight painful grip while hearing the male groan softly from the hold as his other arm went around the male's neck choking him.  
He spoke “I said leave me alone and stop intruding on my privacy and freedom. Go back to where you came from and forget me. I’m sick and tired of your behavior towards me.” 
He heard Steven speak with pain in his voice in some gasping tone “I would if I could, Jinks.” 
He angrily kept Steven’s arm raised as he heard the man groan in pain still gasping for air before groaning out “There are others who don’t view you the way you’re thinking of. Allow them to help you like I will.” 
Jinks snarled some animal like sound and growled out “Leave me alone, Steven.” 
He raised a knee hitting it on Steven’s back who groaned loudly before pushing the man away from him who fell to his knees with hands onto the ground while appearing to be gulping for air and looking out of it. He angrily walked around Steven till he was in front of the man and raised his fist aimed at the man’s face that had pain in his eyes. 
Jinks heard a sound of a whistle blowing coming from behind him followed by “Enough! Break it up now stranger!”
He again aimed his fist towards Steven as he again heard the voice he recognized as Stonehawk’s sounding closer coming towards him “Stranger! You heard me!”
Jinks heard Steven speak “Come with me please.” 
He angrily brought his fist into Steven’s face connecting with the man’s forehead who flew up in the air flying a foot away and hit the ground on his back while groaning loudly as he felt a body ramming into him from behind knocking him to the ground followed by steel of metal felt on his head from behind.
He heard Stonehawk’s voice with annoyance in the voice speaking “Put your hands behind your back now! You’re spending a night in the jail for that! Behavior like that punching towards people isn’t tolerated around here!”
He obeyed putting his hands on his back and felt metal steel clipping onto his wrists keeping them locked behind his back followed by hands pulling him up to a standing position. He heard voices chattering coming closer as he saw towns’ people walking towards his position. 
Jinks formed a frown on his lips willing aside the Master as Stonehawk he heard yelled “Get a medic to attend Steven will you?!”
He saw towns’ people breaking into a run going past him as Stonehawk pulled him away going to a building with steps on it which he recognized as the police station despite the sign of it blared on the front. He felt himself fuming from his behavior towards Steven as Stonehawk hauled him inside the building where he saw an area of desks scattered around with computers on them. 
He saw a white haired cop with tan skin and brown eyes come out of a doorway in the wall towards Stonehawk who loudly spoke “I caught this guy punching out the new guy Steven in the face. I aim to book him for a night in jail.”
Jinks saw the white haired cop nod his head whose name plate read “Walker.”
He stared at Walker who walked forwards hands aiming towards his face which he jerked from the man taking off his hat off of him spilling out his hair. 
Jinks saw recognition form on Walker’s eyes and face who spoke loudly “I know this man.”
He felt fear hitting him as Walker spoke “It’s the missing guy from the hologram who Steven showed me said that he was a bounty hunter hired from some family who have been seeking him for awhile.” 
Jinks formed nervous expression on his face as Walker added “There must have been something bad going on with this guy’s family hence he punching Steven and resisting the bounty hunter’s attempts to go with him quietly which I saw the resistance out the window of my office.”
He heard in response “You want me to book him or not?”
He stared at Walker with his blue eyes narrowed as the male spoke “Do it. A night in jail should cool this guy’s temper enough to listen to the bounty hunter’s reasons for seeking him.” 
Jinks felt Stonehawk haul him through the desk area to a door way which he saw was stairs leading up and down in both directions. He felt the man pull him down the stairs to a door which Stonehawk kicked open with a foot and he found himself in a hallway with a series of gated barred doors on both sides. He felt himself pausing as Stonehawk waved a hand in his line of sight at a console on the door which slid opened with a creak sound. He felt the handcuffs off of his wrists and he pushed inside the room and heard the door slam behind him. Jinks eyed the some what small rectangular room illuminated by a round overhead light shining above him while sensing a camera recording his every move that was stone cement all around with a high barred window high above his head on the wall facing him while feeling himself nervous again. He saw below the window was a toilet with a sink next to it and besides it was a metal bed with a mattress and a pillow on it along with a blanket. He felt sleepiness hit him hard yawned loudly to go to the bed pulling the blanket up and got onto the bed lying on his side pulling the blanket over his head shutting his eyes falling asleep. He dreamed of ocean water showing three flower plants in the color black rising from water unfurling their petals recognizing them as the Dream Goddesses on Terra spoken to people through dreaming states showing them as always roses rising from the ocean waters. 
He heard three feminine voices speaking in different tones in unison “We're the Dream Goddesses.” 
The female voices continued speaking in unison “Lance Richard believes you’re your behavior towards believers is driving you away from them. He has informed us to talk to you that the behavior of running away from people isn’t tolerated.  Lance has made it clear that the running behavior you are doing wasn’t being tolerated hence you failing to listen to him trying to help you.”
Jinks frowned hearing the females' words with recognition within him as they added again speaking in unison “Lance has asked us to tell you that you should be putting your problems in him to solve and not keeping them to yourself or solving them by yourself by that way. He feels that you have forgotten that he is powerful enough to influence people and help them with their problems like the caring god leader he is. He has said that when you have trouble you should turn to him for help with the problem and he’ll help you for he is being there for you to help solve your problem. Put your faith in Lance for he'll always help you as long you need him.”
The dream went black followed by himself standing on a beach wearing clothing that felt girlish to his body. He stood staring at the water as he felt a hand on his arm and looked at his left to see Steven with a frown on his face. 
He stared at Steven who spoke “I arrived in the area nearby town closest to Wolf’s Howl several days ago from Connecticut seeking you as ordered. I went around trying to find you and felt like I was getting no where so I asked Lance for help via prayer method in some place of religious worship despite it focused onto some other god. He gave me a dream one night of the town of Wolf’s Howl and you dressed in animal skin clothing while appearing to be crying in some graveyard in front of a gravestone with Janel Knight’s name on it. I was there at this beach with several others sighted but not seen clearly who I’m not sure who they are when he comforted you as you complained about your life.”
Jinks frowned hearing Steven’s words as the man paused then continued to speak “I’m sorry that you’re in pain, Jinks. I just wish there was some way I could help you with your suffering.”
He lowered his eyes to stare at the water turning his head away as he felt Steven’s hand gently rub his arm with a pat and again looked up to discover Steven gone. He sigh eyes staring at the water feeling peacefulness arriving within him. He felt a hand touch his arm looked to see a female with facial appearance of Janel but her eyes were brown while wearing a white dress. He stared at her seeing recognition in her eyes and a frown on her face as she wordlessly walked till she was in front of him and gave him a hug. He wrapped his arms around her feeling her hands rub his back in a gentle motion. He sighed loudly from hugging her as she pulled herself a bit backwards to stare at him in the face. Jinks stared at her as she gently brought a hand to his cheek gently rubbing which he felt her other hand going to his forehead followed by it forcing his eyes closed as the dream went black. 

Jinks came to with his eyes closed to feel himself lying in the bed in the cell with blanket over his head. He kept his eyes closed and adjusted his position till he was lying on his stomach and felt himself not that fearful despite the confinement of the room. 
He mentally spoke "At least I'm safe for now." 
He heard "Jinks please put your faith into me in helping solve your problems as spoken by the Dream Goddesses." 
Jinks groaned softly hearing Lance's voice spoken in his mind mentally spoke "You didn't need to use the triplets, my sisters acting as Dream Goddesses to tell me that you're referring to the problem of me running away from people instead of solving my conflict with them." 
Jinks heard in response "At least you get it what I've been trying to tell you. I tell you as my son and I your father that you're going with Steven where he wants to take you period. And don't give me any whining about not wanting to go for your going. I don't give a care if you're afraid or not for I insists you get over your fear and face whatever problem you have involving yourself and your people. It's a high time you do what I've been trying to tell you since you started this ridiculous journey trip."
He groaned softly feeling himself nervous mentally spoke "Please Father assure me that facing my problems won't be too bad despite having nightmares of containment in the glass box repeatedly keeping me up awake for nights." 
He heard from Lance "Jinks, your problems whenever they come up in your life will always be either good or bad from time to time. I oath to you my son that there'll always be a solution to solving those problems which you just have to look for the solution and think it up along with making sure it’s the right one."
He again groaned as his Father continued "That's something you haven't bothered to be doing lately despite me repeatedly yelling at you that I figured out a way of solving your problem so next time listen to me for I'm always there for you regardless of problems hitting."
Jinks mentally spoke "Fine Father." 
He heard mentally in response "Jinks sleep you need it anyway." 
He obeyed willing himself to pass out unconscious finding himself doing it.   

Jinks came to feel a hand on his shoulder gently shaking him awake. He opened his eyes and rolled over on his side as the hand stopped touching him to look at Steven who had an upset look in his eyes and face. 
Steven spoke “Are you alright, Jinks?”
He sat up and spoke finding his familiar fearful feeling gone from him “I don’t know.”
He heard a throat clearing noise looked to see Walker standing at the door with seriousness on his face. 
Walker spoke as he held up Jinks’ hat and an oxygen mask “I believe you’ll need this, Jinks Montreal.”
Jinks shot Steven a confused look feeling himself not that fearful as the man noticing his look spoke “Chief Walker recognized you as the one I was seeking despite you having a hat on as your disguise. He was sort of defensive when I came to the station asking about you as a missing person I was seeking including saying your name to him. Walker made it clear to me that you were in pain and was suffering from something he thinks involves the passing of Janel Knight due to Stonehawk finding you sleeping there in the graveyard. Stonehawk admitted to Walker to noticing the date of her passing on the gravestone and recalled the date telling him when it was. Walker figured out that the anniversary of her death according to the gravestone's date was the day people first saw you in town with none of them indicating that they recognized you. Walker admitted to me that he sighted you sitting on a bench out the window of his office and did some computer scans to figure out your identity. Computer according to him didn't reveal much involving you despite him not having the proper authority to gain files for your identity. He figured out your painful status from what Stonehawk told him catching you in the graveyard on Janel's gravestone and seeing the dates detailed on it.”
He frowned feeling himself not fearful from the male's comments as he got up from the bed and walked to Walker who handed him the hat and the oxygen mask which he put on and wordlessly followed the Chief up the stairs with Steven sensed taking up the rear to a doorway entering it to see the familiar room with Stonehawk at a desk on the computer a finger poking the monitor screen who looked up with a frown in his eyes seeing him. 
Jinks paused from walking as he heard “Stonehawk is the horses ready for travel?”
He looked at Walker as he heard Stonehawk speak “Yes their tied up outside to the rack.” 
Jinks stared at Walker who looked at him and spoke “Good luck, stranger. I hope things work out. There’s always a place here for you if you need it.” 
He nodded his head and wordlessly followed Steven out of the police station seeing the light of sunrise in the sky and going around a corner of the building and paused seeing two brown horses geared for riding tied up to the rack next to the police station that neighed seeing him. He frowned hearing the sound for it sounded like happiness and saw the happy look in the horses’ eyes. Sighing he went to a horse as Steven went to the other one while putting on an oxygen mask. He pulled up the reins untying them from the rack and got up on the horse adjusting the reins in his hand. He eyed Steven who did the same and followed the man on horseback to the airlock entrance which again they had to wait till the computer voice ordered them through and then together they broke into horse gallops running through the forest following a horse path sensing domesticated dinosaurs hiding. He stiffened as the horse he was on again reared up whinnying of terror while hearing that sound from Steven's horse as there were beeping noises heard making him nervous. 
Jinks heard from Steven loudly as the bushes rumbled off their left showing a three horned tall overhead dinosaur, fanged teeth while wearing a shiny metal collar with the jewel in front in red color "Hit the button on the saddle horn now!." 
He obeyed to see the red jewel turn white with electricity sounds heard as the dinosaur shook its head and backed into the bushes as he and Steven resumed riding their horses over the path. Jinks felt himself still nervous as the horse continued its galloping through the forest hearing multiple beeping noises all around him while hearing nothing from Steven in response to the sounds. He again got the horse rearing up whinnying in terror as there was a dinosaur sighted walking on the path looking like it was a triceratops by three horns seen on its head and four footed status indicating it a plant eater that ignored him and his companions going into the bushes out of sight. He figured to himself that the dinosaur was not interested in the both of them or their horses by not making a gesture towards them. He glimpsed sightings of various plant eating dinosaurs sticking out of the bushes appearing to get away from him and his companions by disappearing out of sight abruptly. He followed Steven riding on the horse path till sunset seeing the path was focused into the forest and avoided a cave way to his relief. He found them both going out of a dome through a cave passageway making him nervous indicating a metal door at the end which he saw Steven held up a round flashlight device in his hand pressing a button. 
He felt himself nervous as there was a computer voice speaking "Entry granted inappropriate animal not detected near." 
Jinks felt relief when the door to the dome entrance opened showing a forest instead of a cave passageway making it short as he and Steven galloped out. He heard the door slam shut behind as he heard plane engines overhead and looked up to spot a plane flying low in the sky going down disappearing below the tree tops. He slowed the horse for a walk seeing Steven doing it abruptly and followed the man on horseback through a series of bushes and halted the horse seeing a small airfield with a plane on it and several large buildings in sight peeking thought the forest of trees. He exhaled a breath following Steven going across the air field towards a building which he saw was a horse stable from hearing horses neighing sounds coming from it along with humming of electricity heard. He reaching the building saw a male come out wearing a plaid shirt and overalls stand waiting with arms folded while wearing an oxygen mask on his face which he didn't feel any fearful feeling towards the male. 
The male spoke with an accent “Steven Brown. I see yah got what yah came for. Perfect timing that the plane arrived as yah did. So give me the horses and I will take care of them.” 
Jinks saw Steven dismounted which he copied and guided the horse to the male who took the reins of both horses as he saw the bounty hunter take a saddle bag off his horse and slung it over his shoulder as the horses were guided away going into the stable. He followed Steven to the plane which its door opened followed by the stairs extending down to touch the ground. He saw a Human appear in view wearing an oxygen mask and a uniform indicating of a pilot who stood with arms folded as he and Steven went up the stairs which the male shut the door behind them he noticed. Inside Jinks saw rows of five seats of two on both sides of him with an aisle between them and saw a female sitting in one of the seats next to a window wearing an oxygen mask on her face with brown wavy hair. He followed Steven further into the plane and heard the computer voice saying it was safe for oxygen masks to be taken off obeyed putting them on a rack in the wall then eyed the female who slowly with her hands took off her oxygen mask and he stiffened seeing her face as he stood in the aisle feeling ranges of emotions hitting him. He saw that her face appeared to look like Janel but she had brown eyes and he recognized her as the woman from his dream that looked at him with a range of emotions in her face and eyes. 
He saw Steven went to sit at a seat as the woman spoke in a voice with familiarity in it “Jinks, would you mind sitting next to me? There’s quite a lot to talk about.”
Jinks sighed and went to the aisle seat next to her sitting next to the window and he sat down next to her and buckled himself in while sensing the plane move taking off on the runway going into the air and flying. 
Jinks heard the woman again speak “Sorry for going through this trouble to find you but it was important.” 
He looked at the woman staring at him who added “The name’s Jinnee descendant of Janel whose line is from her daughter Lizette.”
He sighed softly feeling himself fine with her admittance as Jinnee continued to speak “Lance Richard in a dream told me to get a chartered private plane belonging to the Master Organization at this time in this area. He said that what I’ve been seeking would be there. I admit I’ve been seeking you for awhile for a certain time period with no success of a face to face meeting till now.”                    
He continued to stare at Jinnee who paused and reached with a hand and gripped his left hand in a gentle grip squeezing it gently then removed her hand. 
Jinks sighed again loudly as Jinnee spoke “My family never got to properly thank you for granting Janel’s last wish of honoring her with your presence on her deathbed before Janel herself passed away. I thank you for that, Jinks.”
He saw a small smile appear in her face smiled in return as she reached with her other hand and touched his cheek gently rubbing which the touch made him fine with it. Jinks felt Jinnee’s other hand move to his forehead gently rubbing and he felt his senses blare as he felt sleepiness arrive within him from feeling a needle prick of pain hitting his neck he sense was from Steven holding the syringe from glimpsing the male standing next to him in the aisle. He blinked his eyes as Jinnee forced them shut with a hand and drooped his head bowing it keeping his eyes shut allowing sleep to hit him unconscious. 

Jinks woke up in a massive bed that seemed familiar which he felt the familiar feelings of fear hitting him forced himself to dismiss the feeling. He found himself clad in Human clothing of sweats on his form along with feeling a hand holding his hand as he looked off his left. He saw a male Human with long white shoulder length hair and dressed in a black suit with a white collar and a cane in right hand standing next to the bed holding his hand with a concern look on the man's face. Jinks shivered from the fearful feeling hitting him as the male he recognized as Father Barry one of the three leaders of the Master Organization gently removed his hand from his hand and placed it on his forehead gently appearing to be checking for a fever before removing the hand and eyeing him lengthy. 
He heard from Father Barry "Talk to me on what's troubling you." 
Jinks shivered shaking hard from hearing the soothing soft tone from Father Barry and from fear hitting him hard making him shake as he relieved fully in his mind what started the fearful feeling in the first place as he spoke "I don't know what you're talking about Father." 
He heard in response "You're shivering in fear of something so talk on what it is now." 
He spoke as if feeling like needing to talk "I recall being watched by various camera devices and people for three days straight while living in the dome in Hartford, Connecticut and not given any privacy despite my attempts to contain myself in my home apartment. I would always find various devices in furniture and in the walls of my home indicating people spying onto me which were removed but found replaced the next day after I had a night sleeping in bed. After three days of spying on me I went out to get some food due to my supply was low and wound up knocked out unconscious by three people walking up to me grabbing my arms and injecting me with syringe needles in my neck. I woke up to find myself contained in a glass box like in a zoo wearing only a loin cloth while seeing nothing out of it and feeling myself always watched along with fed nourishment of strawberry milkshakes from bottles dropped from the ceiling. I wound up trained by the hidden people using electricity to depose the bottles in some opening in the floor in the middle of the box room. I wasn't able to lie down due to that the floor was metal grate and uncomfortable for my body to tolerate. I never got any decent sleep while in there along with the feeling of watched by people and various technology uses never left at all. I don't want to undergo that again hence me afraid to trust people who might put me in that cage again." 
He exhaled a breath feeling himself still fearful as he heard from Father Barry "And how did you escape hmm?"
Jinks shifted his eyes towards Father Barry who narrowed them with suspicion in them implying to him of something else which he spoke sensing himself getting angry "I played sick while in there by not taking in the nourishment for awhile or doing anything other than curled up in a ball. They took me out by carrying me then lowered me to the ground which I managed to escape them. What are you implying Father?"
He glared at Father Barry feeling his mood no longer fearful but angry as the male spoke "You want to explain why there's a recording of you escaping the guardians of the glass box using means that indicated unnatural Human abilities other than the abilities of detected hypnosis abilities in Humans using that?"
Jinks heard the firmness of Father Barry's voice tone recalled how he got out of the box which was willing forwards the Master and putting people asleep all around him after they carried him out of the box to lie on dirt ground. He recalled fully that he managed to discover the box was in some warehouse and used mental powers to avoid people using dart guns shooting at him to escape the warehouse to get outside using mental powers to get the door unlocked and ran into the city he recognized belonging to New York City. He continued to recall that he used various tricks and methods of his mental abilities to live in the city as a homeless bum gaining money and items for pawning off people who confronted him on his face looking like Lance Richard which he kept it up for uncounted number of days. He continued to recall that he got the idea of going to Janel's grave site by seeing an ad for Wolf's Howl's town as a touristy destination on a TV blaring its screen to the public from a window and recalled on where she was buried and kept the idea despite Lance heard blaring trying to talk him out of it. 
He sat up after hearing a throat clearing noise from the male feeling himself fearful again and spoke "Get out and leave me alone Father. I don't want to talk to you anymore." 
He resumed lying his form down and shifted till his back was facing Father Barry who he heard spoke "There's people standing out of the room in the hallway waiting to put you back into the glass box their minds made up on having you contained in that situation despite you admitting to being afraid of it." 
Jinks mentally spoke in response "Drat I was afraid of this. These people haven't learned anything involving treating me the way I wanted to be treated." 
He heard "Jinks just admit it that you gained godlike power abilities even I don't have myself when I had the body which you managed to get from acquiring my body." 
Jinks groaned softly recognizing the voice of Lance spoken in his mind rolled over to face Father Barry who spoke "I think the glass box will do so knock him out now." 
He spoke as he heard a dart gun go off "Don’t you dare do this to me Father!"
Jinks groaned from fear hitting him again as there was a feeling of a needle dart hitting home on his neck followed by sleepiness hitting him making him pass out unconscious to come to feeling the familiar sense of a metal grating along with electric shocks shocking him awake while finding himself clad in only a loincloth and nothing else on his form. He raised himself to kneel looking around the small boxy room that had black walls all around him along with the feelings of himself watched and recorded by various devices as a bottle hit him from above landing on his head and falling off. He grabbed the bottle uncapping in and forced himself to sip the drink entirely then deposed the liquid holder in a small round hole in the middle of the floor for bottle deposing. 
He again felt the familiar fearful feeling hitting him rubbed hands on his face to hear from Lance "Jinks the Master Organization suspect that you have godlike abilities Humans naturally don't have and have pulled this containment stunt as a way of getting you to reveal those abilities to them due to that their fear of you has taken control. Their afraid of you as you are afraid of them." 
Jinks rubbed hands on his forehead in response keeping his mind blank to lower his hands to his sides and eyed the black wall in front of him to mentally will forwards the Master making his eyes entirely black which he willed away then willed the ability in control eyeing the wall with eyes narrowed. He waited feeling himself needing to overcome his fear of the glass box and the watchers to overcome their fear of him. Jinks kept his eyes narrowed eyeing the glass wall to see it shift aside showing no one in sight which he got up and walked out finding the cage on top of some stair pyramid illuminated by a spotlight with stairs leading down. Jinks walked down the stairs hearing whooshing sounds aiming towards him he saw darts coming from three guns of three men on one side of him on a catwalk above him which he waved hands towards the darts seeing them fall to the ground instead of hitting him. He eyed the men to will sleepiness hitting them seeing his order take hold by them collapsing onto the catwalk lying onto it and continued to walk down the stairs till electricity was heard by him sounding below. He reached the bottom step seeing there was a small puddle of water holding wires in it at the foot. He felt the stairs become a treadmill abruptly. Jinks flipped himself into an acrobatic air move rare for Human males to do sailing over the puddle using the treadmill to launch himself up in the air over it. He landed on the dirt ground and heard the treadmill stop. 
Jinks felt the dirt ground become like quicksand sinking him which he raised his hands palms up feeling himself compelled to do it along with mentally speaking "Earth hard now." 
He felt the sinking feeling of the quicksand stop as the earth he felt became hard as stone as he lowered his hands and continued walking forwards only to halt hearing "Admit it Jinks you have godlike abilities I don't have which you have despite Humans not displaying it before the disaster hit Earth forming the world Terra in its place. Besides I got to warn you that some of the Humans have been overheard talking about some asteroid arriving to hit the planet and saying that they don't want to cause a panic by announcing this disaster to the public." 
Jinks felt himself not nervous hearing Lance's familiar voice sounding in his mind mentally spoke "Why should I admit this power usage to you or anyone else despite people would treat me as a freak of nature and contain me in some glass box again?"
He heard nothing in response as he looked around seeing he was in a warehouse room to spot Father Barry above on a gangplank with two other males wearing similar clothing as him indicating the three as the familiar leaders of the Master Organization group eyeing him with various emotions on their faces as a spotlight shined over him abruptly. Jinks felt a painful headache hit abruptly kneeled with eyes still opened showing some green watery view. He blinked his eyes as the view shifted and saw clearly as if seeing through his eyes an asteroid floating in space as if viewing through a satellite machine by the numbers seen flashing. He continued to see the scenario showing the asteroid was orbiting planet Terra and appeared to be gaining entry by glowing status. 
He mentally spoke "Weapon active."
Jinks saw in his mind with the asteroid view seen a gun like weapon alone cocking readying for firing. 
He kept an eye on the asteroid mentally added mentally "Target asteroid and fire!"
Jinks saw through the satellite view three giant like golden laser beams come from the planet shifting towards the asteroid and proceeded to slice the giant rock into pieces seeing it crumble apart. 
He kept up the fire order saying "Target the remains of the asteroid till there's nothing left!" 
Jinks saw his mental order obeyed by the lasers firing all over the asteroid's rocky pieces till there was nothing left and he mentally spoke "Weapon stand down now." 
He saw clearly in his mind a gun weapon's safety put on by invisible hands as the satellite view went away followed by seeing green water that disappeared along with the headache. He stood up and looked around him seeing himself surrounded by six figures appearing to be wearing padded clothing covering them from head to foot and padded helmet wear with faces completely covered came charging towards him while holding stick weapons in their hands. He felt annoyance take hold seeing the figures as they reached him swinging the sticks he saw were of metal and electric from the looks of it. Jinks proceeded to duck repeatedly from their swinging aimed at him while hearing metal clanging noises along with electricity zapping noises as sticks hit each other. 
He thought to himself "Perhaps I'll use my powers to put them down." 
Jinks heard in response "Don't be a coward and fight them!"
He felt annoyance take hold hearing the voice sounding amplified and computer like figured it was from the three leaders glimpsed watching him and the six figures still swinging at him. He proceeded to use kicking and fisting onto the figures seeing them fly backwards in the air after they were hit but saw them twist their forms into acrobatic moves to land safety on the ground before resuming their attack on him. 
Jinks snarled mentally "The attackers are females not males. Besides whose idea was it to have me fighting them anyway? I ought to have a stern talk with that person. I despise fighting females." 
Jinks resumed his fisting and kicking at the females he assumed were the attackers as they all paused from their attack to lower the stick weapons pointing the ends at him. He stiffened of nervousness seeing that gesture which he fell into an acrobatic roll on the ground as he heard multiple clicking noises and loud grunts from the females. Jinks rolled himself out of the circle and got up swinging himself up with an acrobatic move to see the females had ropes on their sticks appearing to be from a female opposite from her coming from her stick end. He went to the nearest female on his right to see her drop the stick and charge at him with feet and hands fisted flying aimed at him. Jinks proceeded to use his feet and fists counterattacking the female's moves seeing her fly backwards after he hit her only to see her twist into an acrobatic move to land safety on the ground on her feet before resuming charging at him. He glimpsed the other females drop their sticks and charged at him with their feet and fists flying aimed at him. 
Jinks mentally spoke during the fighting "This is getting ridiculous! I don't give a care if it's cowardly or not to use my powers. I despise fighting with females." 
He sensed the Master in control as he heard nothing from Lance in response waved hands palms facing them towards the charging females while mentally speaking the sleep command. Jinks found his orders obeyed by the females each one becoming slow in their attack followed by them collapsing onto the ground with forms still with chests appearing to be heaving from the looks of it. 
He looked up to glare at the three leaders and eyed the spotlight to mentally speak while rising a hand towards it "Light out."  
Jinks found his order obeyed by the spotlight bulb he glimpsed shattering with sparks seen and light going out. He eyed the three leaders to feel annoyed with them instead of fearful to realize that they could still see him via the light illuminated the glass cage behind him. 
He turned around and waved a hand towards the spotlight mentally speaking "Light out."   
Jinks turned around after seeing his order hit home to again eye the men seeing them hold up flashlights by the lights' glare seen from them and that the lights weren't aimed at him. 
He saw them appeared to be in discussion talking to each other by flashlights moving in gestures as he heard "Jinks its unusual for a vessel of me to have unnatural Human abilities despite them never seen in me when I had the body so talk on those godlike abilities. I oath I will keep you out of the glass box for the rest of your deathless life despite outliving natural Human life spans anyway. So trust me please on this as your father and you my son." 
He exhaled a breath and kneeled down on the dirt ground while keeping an eye on the three men still talking with each other gesturing by shining flashlights with their hands. He mentally spoke "Fine Father I have godlike abilities activated by whenever I will forwards this state I dubbed Master as in willing down a wall in my mind which causes my eyes to change colors from Human like blue to unnatural all black looking including the whites of my eyes are that color too. I can manipulate people, animals and some objects to do various things by mental orders with hand gestures aimed at them. I have some limber ability along with an ability to throw my body into acrobatic moves only female Humans can do with training despite male Humans having no success of doing them even with training or practice attempted. I also figured out just recent on how to manipulate the earth ground to keep me from sinking into it. Along with recently figuring out how to keep Terra safe from asteroid attacks which I recently used those powers to destroy an asteroid arriving to the planet despite there no word of its arrival said to the public other than you telling me that. Besides keep me out of being in that glass box will you? I felt like I was kept like some zoo animal and it made me very nervous having that happened. I don't want to go through that again." 
Jinks heard in response to his talk "Actually get over your fear of the glass box while working on getting the Master Organization to stop fearing you."
He frowned hearing that from Lance felt sleepiness hitting him from a stinging pain of a needle dart hitting his back slid his form onto the floor and curled into a ball shutting his eyes feeling himself needing to sleep which he passed out unconscious. 

Jinks came to feeling the familiar feeling of a metal grate along with electricity hitting him jerked his eyes open while sensing the Master in control sat up kneeling finding himself still in the glass box as he looked around him. He focused onto one wall with eyes narrowed sensing himself spied on by someone watching him along with sensing the familiar filming sense hitting him. He eyed the wall lengthy to see it shift aside showing Father Barry standing outside standing on metallic ground with brown Human eyes narrowed but the male's lip was visibly twitching indicating fear to him as he felt himself no longer afraid. He stood up and walked out of the boxed room to face Father Barry who kept the familiar expression on his face along with lip still twitching a bit. Jinks didn't say a word slowly reached out a hand and touched Father Barry on the shoulder gripping the area in a gentle grip while still eyeing the male in the eyes him a bit taller than the male. 
He kept on staring at Father Barry lengthy only to hear from Lance "Jinks admit what you said to me regarding your godlike abilities to Father Barry now."
He obeyed to echo some of his words he spoken to Lance mentally talking about his powers and saving Terra from an asteroid attack, spoke them to Father Barry who's eyes appeared to have some serious expression in them and sensed the male had stopped being afraid and was accepting his words by face value from the feeling of the male's body underneath his hand hold on his shoulder.  
Jinks felt himself calm as Father Barry spoke "I accept you as who you are a person with feelings despite some status as a vessel of a deity and will work to see this view is seen among others in the Master Organization group."
He sensed from Father Barry's voice tone that the words were genuine and firm spoke "I will honestly admit my feelings regarding members of the Master Organization's treatment towards me to people in the group I expect to listen and work with me on fixing the problem instead of running away into hiding."
He eyed Father Barry as he removed his hand to see the male held up his left hand in some gesture of Human handshake which he gripped and shook the male's hand to hear from him "Keep up your bargain and I will keep up mine and neither of us should forget this period from now on."
He felt himself agreeing with Father Barry's words bobbed his head in a Human yes gesture as he removed his hand from the male's hand grip and willed aside the Master sensing himself safe for now as the man stepped aside and gestured him to follow. 
He wordlessly followed Father Barry out of the warehouse to the electric powered vehicle driven by a machine seeing the sun was high in the sky indicating a noon hour to him and sat inside feeling himself much better to mentally spoke "I think I solved my problem." 
He heard from Lance abruptly "Staying and confronting your problem instead of running away solves things is a lesson I'm trying to teach you as my son Jinks. Don't ever forget this lesson again. I don't want to have you go through that life risking path mess you took to get away from your problems so don't ever do that again." 
He mentally spoke "You have my oath Father." 
Jinks heard nothing in response to his words sighed figuring out that his father wasn't going to comment due to saying what he wanted him to say in the first place as hinted by his parent. 
He heard from Father Barry in the car unexpectedly as it traveled in the city over roads "Master with due respects on calling you by that worded name, there's a member group meeting happening later today as called by me two days ago while you were out asleep. I insist that you show up despite your feelings of fear."
He stiffened from the words as Father Barry continued talking "I aim to give the members a lecture on the lesson you and I both learned from each other. The lesson is you’re a person with feelings despite your vessel status causing members to treat you inappropriately and unusual abilities Humans aren't known to have that needs people to listen whenever there's a problem hitting you. My lecture will involve the subject of people staying and confronting others on their problems hitting instead of running away into hiding which I will use you as an example of that situation." 
He groaned softly from Father Barry's words a the male paused to clear his throat then saw the man looking at him with a narrowed eyed look indicating him to speak. 
Jinks spoke "I didn't think clearly when I suffered my problems hitting me. I let fear control me and ran away into hiding as a solution towards my problem hitting me. I should have thought smartly on solving my problem instead of what I wound up doing in the first place." 
He leaned back in the seat folding his arms and eyed Father Barry who spoke "I sympathize with your feelings of fear Master. I and the leaders of the Master Organization were alerted of you displaying unusual abilities unnatural for Humans to have along with an ability that Human males don't seem to achieve despite females having it after some training done. This was witnessed by people claiming to see that happen from you doing them in front of them. This talk involving members' treatment towards you was told to us soon after it became known by a descendant of a good friend of yours sympathizing with your situation that the members were treating you inappropriately. I admit we didn't do much about the inappropriate behavior till members came forwards to us with recorder evidence of you displaying your unusual abilities which got us to become very afraid of you due to thinking you would be dictatorial like with your status as the vessel. It was my idea to have you knocked out and contained into a glass box for observation by various means which I apologize for that idea. It was fear that controlled us to cause us to put that containment order in place."
He felt himself disgusted hearing Father Barry's admission gave off a disgusted sound as the male paused from talking then continued speaking "The containment was to see how you would react due to fears of how you would treat people with your unusual abilities. You were observed to display some fear emotion along with making no fighting attempts to get out of the glass box and with seemingly willing to cooperate to training methods in getting you to do things while in there."
Jinks frowned but continued to eye Father Barry who added "Your behavior after you got out of the box was recorded along with reports of witnesses seeing you in the city and confronting you on being the vessel of our deity and your responses along with you reportedly getting out of the city and found in another town was also recorded which a doctor specialized in analyzing Human behavior and mental problems a part of the group did an analysis. Her findings indicate that you were of a very scared Human who had some kind of fear that was controlling you hence you found out in Wolf's Howl instead of hiding some where in New York City. Now I admit it I was wearing a recording device on my person when I talked to you lying in bed after the doctor told me her findings. The doctor told me specific questions to ask you due to saying you had some fear which your answers were analysis after you were knocked out unconscious."
Jinks sighed as Father Barry kept talking "It was the doctor who insisted on you being back contained into the glass box due to thinking that you needed to get over your fear but it was my idea to have traps set to knock you out. The doctor managed to get me and others in my leadership position to admit our feelings of fear towards you which we were told off on our treatment towards you including members reportedly admitting to us doing inappropriate behavior towards you as well."
He again got Father Barry's familiar facial expression sighed softly and spoke "I'm not mad at what you told me. I'm feeling ranges of emotions all over the place from what you said besides who's this doctor that told you this analysis anyway? I'm surprised that one would be brave enough to analysis me and my behavior despite it known that people in the group are scared of doing that along with known to be acting scared whenever I give off friendship behaviors towards them."
He frowned as Father Barry spoke "I believe you already met this doctor whose nicknamed Jinnee but real name is Jennifer McDaniel and it's no joke that she's Janel Knight's descendant."
He gasped hearing that from Father Barry who added "Doctor McDaniel is very well known among the Master Organization for her specialty towards Humans and have been known by myself and two others in leadership position to be treating members for various mental problems. She reportedly spoke on your behalf to myself and the other leaders of the group due to family history of having a family member having a lifelong friendship with you."
Jinks clamped his mouth shut as Father Barry kept talking "Doctor McDaniel admitted recently after you were again contained in the glass box that Janel confessed to her on her deathbed just prior to your arrival a detailed account of your abilities and that you were seen by her as a good friend all her life despite others' influences to make her change the view which she has balked on doing. Janel according to Doctor McDaniel confessed that the friendship view was from sensing that you needed someone to be friendly with and willing to listen to you venting things along with giving advice with problems hitting you. It was reportedly Janel on her admittance who coached you through you having manifestations of abilities activating within you and that it was her who helped you figure out how to use them and what their purposes were."
He sighed and spoke as Father Barry gave him a familiar look "Doctor McDaniel or Jinnee as she's nicknamed isn't kidding on what she said to you and whoever. Janel did help me with the power abilities activating within me which the coaching and abilities became known to start when she was a baby recently born to a homeless Human female sick with an illness that later died from the birth from me helping her in an abandoned underground train track in the city."
He sighed and continued "I admit it that I unofficially adopted Janel and raised her till she was a year old which New York City's group Child Protective Services interfered due to reportedly having this view of single males raising offspring alone inappropriate according to them and got her out of my hands via a lawsuit in a court of law which the judge sided with them. They managed to keep the name of Janel and got her adopted by a childless couple in the city. The Child Protective Services I admit had an office in the city which I used some mental ability involving hypnosis recently discovered playing it onto some thugs to get out of being mugged which was used to get the workers to give me the information on Janel's adoptive parents which every single detail was shared with me."
He saw Father Barry bob his head as he paused from talking to clear his throat then kept talking "As a result I've been hanging around Janel protectively guarding her due to still seeing her as my offspring while hiding myself from others but only seen by her by her whole childhood life. She has always seen me as a friend regardless of my protective views towards her along with my no aging status and adult status which I have always seen her in the same view despite feeling parental towards her. She insisted later once she was full grown that I stop the hiding after she recently got married privately with me as the only official witness to a male known in the public eye for holding a government position of senator helping better people's lives in the city. I obeyed to her wishes but our meetings for friendship talks haven't been much due to how well profiled her husband is in the public so I have been using email correspondence with her for over the years talking on various things including my unnatural abilities manifesting within me which she has shared advice to me including parts of her life private and public with me in return."
Jinks sighed as the car entered an underground parking lot in a building he recognized belonged to the Master Organization's headquarters kept speaking "We finally got face to face meetings done after her husband passed away from an illness involving old age which the public's scrutiny stopped. The public didn't bother us when we met in public for talks on various subjects including my abilities were brought up which we discussed them clearly detailed while visiting a park in the city of Hartford where we both lived separately till she got too old to take care of herself and had to live in New York City with her children's family. I still kept up the friendship by reportedly visiting her from time to time when it was appropriate and whenever I was alerted by her calling me of outings in public in some park on her insisting on keeping me away from her children's family due to them having a negative view towards me."
He stopped talking to stare at Father Barry as the car was felt stopped and a computer voice speaking "Destination reached." 
Jinks without a word got out of the car followed by Father Barry who spoke "The apartment in the headquarters for you as vessel, Master is still available for your personal use along with servants oath on caretaking you and your whims. I believe you know that there is a personal elevator to there which the command Castle must be used for reaching the apartment. I also must say that only you and guards can access the elevator as ordered by laws of the group involving you, Master which is enforced by the computer programmed to do this. I believe you'll find everything you need for getting ready to attend that meeting that starts at seven o'clock on the dot tonight I'm planning on hosting."
He heard the firmness of Father Barry's voice tone didn't comment a response went to the personal elevator in the wall to sense himself filmed along with a red laser light shining above aimed at the floor. 
He sighed thinking "Drat got to let the computer identify me and register my identity for granting access into the elevator and into the apartment." 
He stuck his hand into the laser light that went up and hit his eyes making him jerk his head aside shutting his eyes and then resumed staring at the elevator blinking from the computer's light's glare shining in his eyes along with hearing a faint humming sound as the laser seemed lengthy with the shining. Jinks felt annoyance take hold as the laser stopped shining followed by a loud ding sound of the elevator doors opening which he saw two male Humans inside wearing police uniforms having arms folded seeing glares on their faces but they refused to meet his eyes when he eyed them. 
Jinks walked inside and heard "Destination sir?"
He sighed hearing the computer voice, spoke "Castle." 
He heard silence in response as the elevator's doors shut and went up with a faint humming sound which he forced himself to rhythmically breathe through his nose from the confining feelings of fear felt from being in the elevator. 
He felt relief hit him as the elevator halted with a jerk doors opening showing a computerized machine metal shaped like some kind of biped human skeleton standing there that spoke "Greetings sir Titan One your butler at your service. What orders do you wish for me to do?"
Jinks walked out of the elevator hearing the doors remained open behind him and spoke to the butler "I need nourishment, a shower and clothes for I'm expected to attend a Master Organization meeting hosted by Father Barry tonight at seven o'clock so make it snappy on doing what I requested." 
He glared at the butler that spoke in response "I'm programmed to set aside the appropriate clothing on your bed as ordered and getting your meal on the table in the dining room once the cook finishes making it as ordered by you and your doctor insisting on the nourishment and relaying various orders you need to keep your life while living here. Anything else you ordered not related to this I’m unable to do sir." 
He spoke "Fine tell the cook to cook me two grilled cheese sandwiches and milk for drinking while I go shower and get myself ready for the meeting." 
Jinks walked away ignoring the butler following giving off beeping noises then heard from the thing "Orders relayed sir. I have orders to get the appropriate clothing for you to wear set out on the bed along with seeing that you're in the elevator at appropriately at six forty five pm for an in building meeting happening four hours from now according to my calculations. Your doctor says that your timed eating hour will happen at five o'clock as ordered so sorry sir that the nourishment order cannot be made at the moment."
He ignored the butler to go the bedroom using it and the bathroom for his needs along with finding the clothes consisted of a business suited top and pants both in the color of black along with sneakers in black. 
He found himself tired and took a lengthy nap due to feeling like needing to take one and woken up by the computerized alarm clock blaring its noises and the time of five o'clock along with saying "Its time for you to eat." 
Jinks obeyed finding his meal set in the dining room consisted of greenery plants instead of his sandwich order along with a greened drink to his disgust which he heard from the butler "Your doctor says you're to take in this nourishment as ordered." 
He again glared at the butler and looked away to eat the food and drank the drink without complaint then went to the gym room finding a hologram image of him via computerized camera appear from walls in the room as he faced each one showing a mirror image of what he was doing his movements consisted of combative art moves along with a limber ability not seen in Human males despite Human females displaying it naturally. 
Jinks kept up the movements till there was a computer voice speaking "Physical activity over as ordered by doctor." 
He eyed the clock seeing it said "5:45pm." 
Jinks found that he had an hour to go before he was expected to leave went to his bedroom and leaned back against the headboard with a pillow and shut his eyes figuring that he'll sleep. He slept till the computerized alarm clock woke him up five minutes to six forty five which he got up and went to the elevator which he met the butler there. 
Jinks eyed the butler who spoke "Ordered to give you command for elevator destination is to say 'Public room' and it'll take you to the floor holding the arranged meeting." 
He obeyed going into the elevator and spoke the command as ordered by the butler and found the thing went down seemingly lengthy along with feeling of jerking to the side movements felt which he figured to himself that it was taking him either out of the building or some place else in there. 
Jinks didn't comment anything as the elevator's doors opened showing a narrow hallway with a male Human in a police uniform a guard he assumed standing there underneath spotlights who spoke "Follow me Master."            
He followed leading him to a wall in the hallway that slid open and walked out to show a large hallway with rugged floors and spotted the hidden door had a picture of a flower framed along with filming sensed. He wordlessly followed the guard down the hallway sensing filming stop till they reached double doors off the left side and gestured by the male to go inside. Jinks obeyed going inside to see a large room he recognized as the Master Organization's community room for holding a gathering of numerous people for discussing various subjects including discussing problems hitting the group. He saw people there making him feel nervous as they noticed him arrive but kept their distance. 
He saw Father Barry standing on the stage in the front of the room behind a microphone that spoke "Seeing that everyone is accounted for I might as well go ahead and speak my lecture as urged by you wanting me to do it."   
He stood in the way back of the room behind a crowd of people standing listening to Father Barry's talking voice amplified by microphone "People have feelings and that involves vessels of deities including one involving our deity named Lance Richard. Our vessel has communicated to me that people's treatment towards him have gotten him very upset enough to run away just to avoid those people. Running away doesn't solve any problems instead staying and confronting the problem does. Our vessel has managed to learn that he must tell people he expects to listen to him on what problem is plaguing him for help bettering his life. He has managed to admit this problem issue to me which I have oath to him that I will be one of those people who'll listen to him on whatever problem he has. The vessel has oath to me to talk to people including myself on what problem he has for it'll help his life and help us all in the process. Please help me achieve this goal with the vessel and for the vessel to do this goal as well. Thank you very much for listening."
Jinks heard an applause as Father Barry ended his talk to get off the stand and saw him wander around the group of people gathered nearby seeing them talking to the male while glancing in his direction during their talk as he noticed others nearby looking in his direction with narrowed eyed looks but refraining from going up to him and touching him like they have always seemed to have done towards him whenever he met members of the group in person via various situations around the city and his home city of Hartford. He sighed feeling his nervousness stop abruptly that the Master Organization had finally gotten what he wanted from them which was treating him as a person with feelings despite his vessel status. He sighed again himself figuring out that he finally was getting what they wanted him to give in response which was admitting abilities that made him seem unnatural for Humans to have along with how he was feeling towards members' treatment towards him to people in the group along with obeying to their request of being present at meetings for discussions on various subjects. 
Jinks sighed again feeling himself no longer felt the familiar feeling of fear mentally spoke to himself "I'm no longer afraid and I know what to do whenever I'm afraid which is talk it out to someone willing to listen to me." 
He heard from Lance blaring unexpectedly after being quiet for awhile "That is the lesson I was expecting you and group members to get regarding being afraid of each other so don't forget it and remember it period." 
He mentally spoke "I will, Father." 
Jinks sighed again and felt himself feeling happy smiled a small smile from the emotion hitting him due to figuring out that things will turn out better for him and the Master Organization group.
