
The Chronicles of Max Gunnarsson Book One


Lives of Future-Past


By S.K. Benton

Smashwords Edition
Copyright 2014 © S.K. Benton
All rights reserved


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
Further, this book is not intended as a substitute for the medical advice of physicians. The reader should regularly consult a physician in matters relating to his/her health and particularly with respect to any symptoms that may require diagnosis or medical attention, and most definitely not try to use magic of any sort because it really does not exist in our world - as far as we know.
If you are experiencing rotting of the skin and/or body parts, you are certainly not a vampire - it is most probably leprosy or flesh-eating bacteria, so go see a doctor - immediately. Avoid playgrounds and public transportation. Likewise, if you believe that you change into a raging canine under the full moon then we suggest you go see a psychiatrist. Preferably one who prescribes ample quantities of antipsychotic medications.
If any of these symptoms imaginarily happen to you while you are role-playing at Comic Con® then you should be fine, so have a beer when you are done. You never know, we might join you.



Table of Contents

Prologue
Chapter 1 - Jennie and the Hub
Chapter 2 - Max Gunnarsson
Chapter 3 - Welcome to Old-Earth
Chapter 4 - Bagatelle on Watch
Chapter 5 - Hello, Draagh
Chapter 6 - Hidden Agenda
Chapter 7 - Vid Time
Chapter 8 - Busted, with Benefits
Chapter 9 - Learning Stuff
Chapter 10 - Packing
Chapter 11 - Welcome to Future-Past
Chapter 12 - Meet Krynos, your King
Chapter 13 - Training Begins
Chapter 14 - My HUD
Chapter 15 - Let's Learn Magic
Chapter 16 - Recon Time
Chapter 17 - Fight!
Chapter 18 - Aftermath
Chapter 19 - Let's Dance
Chapter 20 - Bagatelle Betrayed
Chapter 21 - Jennie Betrayed
Chapter 22 - Banishment
Chapter 23 - Wolftime!
Chapter 24 - Battle of the Blood
Chapter 25 - Liliana to the Rescue
Chapter 26 - Regeneration
Chapter 27 - Celebration
Epilogue
Glossary of Terms
Acknowledgements and Afterword
Preview of Lives of Lost Angels

Prologue

The planet known as Earth provides a rich history, dissimilar from the billions upon billions of inhabited worlds in the visible universe. While most cultures were quickly discovered and nurtured throughout their difficult beginnings by their older intergalactic brothers, Earth stood alone, on the edge of Orion, a minor spiral arm of the Milky Way Galaxy, watched by those of immense power who nearly always chose a path of non-interference. These beings would analyze all from their timeless dimension, known as The Hub, from which all time/space emanated. They were patient, as they held the secrets of the universe in their hands and had all eternity in which to wait.
Man's beginnings were precarious, to say the least, and with great anticipation his supervisors analyzed his initial struggle for survival against extinction. From his first steps of self-awareness, to kingdoms that spanned entire continents, he constantly fought and battled to advance his own cause.  He was truly a marvelous creation and had pleased his invisible mentors immensely.  And although they chose to stay out of sight and mind, leaving man to his own devices, they did tinker a bit, providing some bloodlines with enhanced genetics to see how he would fare.
Certain few men of character learned to harness the energies that flowed within every living thing on their world - energies that allowed them to care, heal and build. These men stood above and apart, and although small in numbers, they spread out over the planet to become consultants to leaders great and strong, offering advice, and sometimes even prodding their lieges in the proper direction when darkness showed its evil countenance.
There were also others who had superior abilities, thanks to the watchers' thoughtful manipulations - the noble lycans, created to be the soldiers of merit and honor, faithfully defended Man's free spirit and his ability to mold the world into one of greatness - so he might one day take his rightful place among the myriad of ascended species in the universe.
However, for every yin there is a yang, and there were also those who craved the darkness, only kept in check by the lycans, who contrasted them in nearly every manner. Through natural selection, these lovers of death evolved to subsist on the life waters of the innocent and to prey on the weak. Such had become their way.
Over time these malcontents grew in strength and numbers, and they disrupted the delicate balance of light and dark on a world so young. So, the observers decided to end their test, and determined that Man should not be able to touch nature in such an intimate manner. They stripped Man of all of his abilities - which faded into rumor, then legend, and then were almost completely forgotten.
Man then did something that surprised his watchers - he improvised. With his own mind and hands he started to grasp upon the powers of the universe through the use of technology. Iron turned to steel. Vacuum tubes turned to printed circuit boards. As each discovery led to the next he continued learning until he found quadrinium, buried deep in the planet, waiting to be forged into usefulness.
Building strong, spacefaring ships of quadrinium and peering through lenses that enabled him to see distant parts of the galaxy, he set off for the stars, traveling across the spiral arm to build a new world, and seeking to correct the errors he had made during his short time on Earth. But nature is as nature does, and he soon found himself facing evil of another form - and of another part of the Milky Way. His minders, who had sat for so many centuries watching in silence, again found it necessary to re-enable the gifts so quickly taken from him in the past.
But this time they would do so in small steps, starting with a young man on a distant planet.

Chapter 1 - Jennie and the Hub

A loud alarm clock sounded off at 0500 hours, prompting a delicate, copper-colored hand to reach over and slap the snooze button. Five minutes later the alarm went off again, and the same hand hit the snooze button, this time a bit harder, but Jennie knew it was time to get up - it was ingrained discipline.
Partially pulling her pillow from over her head with a groan, she slowly opened one of her enormous, cocoa-brown eyes, both of which were still surrounded by generous amounts of smudged eyeliner she had declined to remove the night before. Her going away party was epic, as well as the top-shelf tequila she drank with a guy she liked a lot, so when she got back to her apartment she walked over to her bed and fell into it like a rock.
As she rubbed the sleep out of her eyes (and smearing her eyeliner even more), she slid out of her bed, tiredly squinting as she picked up and read a semi-transparent paperscreen lying on her bedside table. It was addressed to Lt. Jennifer Escalante. They were the detail on her new orders. As she came out of her sleepy state, her eyes lit up - as much as they could with a mild hangover. The big day arrived - the day of her transfer to the Revolution, the newest, largest starship in her planet's navy. She was going with her highest-ranking commanding officer. Captain Bagatelle had been promoted to the rank of rear admiral, and was taking her with him as he had done on all of his previous transfers since she served under his command, which was basically since she graduated from the military academy.
Jennie stumbled a couple of meters over to the bathroom mirror, wearing nothing but a pair of pink panties. She sighed as she looked at herself and shook her head; after showering she had to at least fix her hair and makeup before she went to the spaceport. No time to hit the salon. She determined that her nails were fine, even though she never really paid a lot of attention to them.
Then, standing sideways, she admired her figure up and down, wondering if her breasts would ever start to sag. They were, to be precise, perfect, just as was her bulbous posterior. She was fortunate, as most women who reached her level of beauty did so via gen-mods - genetic modifications. She had no such need, which was usually the case for degas - women of Old-Earth South American lineage. In general, the only degas who went through the gen-mod process were ones ashamed of their heritage, and had their swarthy skin tone lightened and made more like the bachos.
Jennie was not only proud of her heritage, she flaunted it. Whenever she entered a room men (and many women) stopped what they were doing just to watch her - something of which she would never tire. The woman was beautiful in every sense of the word - lustrous, black hair, not too tall and not too short at 165 cm and 52 kg in weight (5'5" and 120 lbs. in extinct standard measurements), lovely dark eyes, full, pouty lips and just enough muscle tone to make her strong but retain her femininity. The majority of female ground troops in the military would go through gen-mods to make themselves hyper-muscular so they could be on par with male troops, and while there were some guys and gals who liked that kind of look, the majority maintained the ideal that Jennie represented to the extreme.
Being an officer on a naval vessel she would never see ground combat, so she didn't need to gen-mod for strength. And besides that, she was stronger than anyone even remotely close to her size. She even jumped into the boxing ring with modded female soldiers for a couple of rounds every now and then, almost always winning against the huge, oddly marked women who sported the latest rage in body art - animated tattoos. These designs were driven by what amounted to a sheet of nanobots that functioned like a vid display under the epidermis layer of the skin. This enabled them to perform preprogrammed tasks - everything from a simple animation to playing a video to creating an advertisement for a good or service. Prostitutes, who used them as glow-in-the-dark call-outs for their clients, especially desired these tattoos. However, Jennie had no desire to mark up her body, even on a temporary basis. Her dark, radiant skin was in itself naturally beautiful, and needed no such enhancements.
Slipping a standard-issue tank top over her head, she let it fall gently into place onto her shoulders. At her age she didn't need to wear a bra, although she did whenever in uniform, per regulations. Even a tank top looked amazing on her, and she would usually wear only that and some skimpy running shorts when going to the gym for a workout - eliciting stares from virtually everyone in her vicinity. She pulled her black, glossy shoulder-length hair back and tied it off in a ponytail. Then, calling out to her personal console, she requested music from a predefined playlist.
She was a true fan of archaic pop/rock music from the late 20th to mid-21st century, much to the displeasure of anyone within earshot. To her, modern music was too artificial and dull. Ever since entertainment was completely generated by AI it had lost a certain edge. The slight imperfections of ancient music made it perfect in her mind.
Once the first song was on she started going through her morning dental ritual. Her teeth were pearly white and perfect, and she intended to keep them that way. She had never required dental implants or even corrective braces, and something she remembered her dentist telling her when she was young was to only floss the teeth you want to keep. It was meant to scare her, and it did.
After she finished flossing and brushing, she danced around her room as the music blared in the background. She sang and envisioned the song's vid that she had seen at least a hundred times. Just a short while later, satisfied that she had crafted her simple, yet effective look, she pulled her military dress whites out of her closet and set them down on her bed. She had already packed her duffel for transit to the Revolution, but as an officer she was always required to show up to a new duty assignment in her ceremonial uniform.
Before dressing down, Jennie left her room and went straight for the living area, sauntering along to her music, which she had turned down just a tad. Her roommate was already cooking a typical breakfast - jraxon eggs and ham.
"Morning Becks!"
Jennie greeted her roommate, Becky Branson, the same way every morning when she wasn't out on deployment. Also military, Becky worked in the scientific division. The woman wasn't stunning like Jennie - she was very plain, as was her boyfriend Josh, who was also a total nerd- a skinny, tech-type with poorly groomed hair and a tendency to snort whenever he laughed. She always thought of Josh wearing glasses, which no one wore anymore as no one was born with defective vision thanks to prenatal gen-mods (which were restricted to vision, hearing disfigurement and hereditary diseases). Of course, sunglasses were worn, even though gen-mods could give anyone the ability to tint their vision - but some people still liked to accessorize with facial wear, or didn't have the time or money to go through the enhancement process.
Jennie didn't mind Josh, or even whenever he stayed over, but she found it annoying when he talked to her because he never looked her in the eyes - he focused on her breasts, which were hard to miss that morning as she bounced around the living room, wearing nothing more than her underwear while enjoying her music.
Her white tank top contrasted with her copper-colored skin and would catch anyone's eye - involuntarily or otherwise. Now, she wouldn't mind if he were someone like Ryder, the officer she had been dating on and off for the past few weeks, but Josh had a creepy, leering look about him. As was his luck, he was good at hiding his stares from Becky, who loved him very much and would have been devastated if she suspected that he harbored a secret crush on the dega. Jennie knew they fit each other well, and she was sure the two would get married one day - in a geeky wedding, and probably in some sort of costume theme. Jennie wanted to get married one day too, but not to a science geek - she wanted somebody powerful, with connections - like Ryder Johnson, the man with whom she had been sharing copious amounts of tequila the night before.
Becky just smiled, but showed a touch of sadness, knowing that her roommate and best friend would be leaving in minutes for her new deployment. Even though she would be back every two weeks, it was lonely without Jennie around. She practically idolized her friend. While many women were jealous of the lieutenant's looks, Becky looked beyond the surface and loved her roommate for the person who she was, even though Jennie was slightly shallow.
"So Josh, anything new in the geek factory these days?" Jennie was being sarcastic, and Josh new it, but it was her way of telling him not to look for headlights poking out of her tank top. He averted his stare and mumbled back while poking at his eggs.
"Naw, just doing nerdy things in a nerdy way - you know us, always on the cutting edge."
"Josh has been trying to get into the SSCC department, but they keep telling him to wait," said Becky, with no small amount of disappointment in her voice. The SSCC department was the latest and greatest in the military science division, and Josh had been applying ever since it was created - so far with zero success.
"Aw, keep trying, sweetie - you'll get there," Jennie said with a smidgen of unexpected compassion. "I can't wait until they put that stuff on a ship and we can get to other planets - now THAT would be cool. As it is, my new ship was built so whenever the Feds give the word the engineers can install SSCC tech in space, without even docking planet-side."
Josh looked up briefly, eyes scanning up and down her torso before he looked back down at his plate. It wasn't that he wanted to look at her; it was that he couldn't help it.
Jennie ignored Josh's stares and imagined being able to go to neighboring star systems, but not on one of the older deep-space vehicles, which were out for months at a time. Almost everyone in the military wanted to see SSCC technology installed on the entire fleet, and more than a few wanted to return to the world of their ancestors - Earth. It had taken Mankind 300 years to arrive at their world, but with SSCC they could return in a matter of days.
"Jen sweetie, have some desa. You probably won't eat for a while," Becky said as she handed her friend a steaming plate of fried eggs and ham.
Jennie accepted the plate with a smile and wolfed it down with no table manners. She was never one to eat with any etiquette whatsoever - it was her one fault as a pretty girl. She tried to use a bit of elegance when dining out, but usually refrained from eating on dates, knowing that any rational man would look at her with horror as she shoveled food down her throat like a hungry quadrinium miner. To her, eating was a required function, not something to be used to impress people.
Josh didn't seem to mind the way she ate - he wouldn't have minded watching her eat a live gerbil. Not that he was into weird eating fetishes; it was just that Jennie was good-looking enough to get away with virtually anything. To him, she even made eating like a pig look sexy.
After finishing inhaling her breakfast she popped over and kissed Becky on the cheek.
"Hey Becks, I gotta get dressed - new duty assignment starts today! Woohoo!"
"Ok roomie. You go get 'em! And message me about you and Ryder."
Becky knew that there was more than one reason why Jennie was excited about her new assignment. Ryder was also transferred to her ship, and he had told Jennie that his father arranged for it - and being as his dad was a permanent member of the Federal Security Council he almost always got what he wanted.
Jennie smiled and wiggled her brow, knowing her roommate loved salacious details about her adventures with guys - Becky jokingly referring to Jennie's love life as Lifestyles of the Tan and Stacked. Jennie had dated a lot of very attractive men, but had never accepted any proposals of any sort - she was waiting for the big one, and she thought that maybe Ryder would be the right guy.
"Yeah hun - I'll let you know. But don't expect anything too descriptive. Not my style, got it?" She grinned and then turned around and slapped Josh in the back of the head.
"You take care of roomie, ok dork? Get out of line and I'll have to kick your ass."
Josh didn't even bother looking at her - he realized she was only half-kidding, but that meant that she was also half-serious. Jennie left the living area going back to her room, looking back and winking at Becky before she shut her door to change.
Once she had put on her uniform, which was a white jacket and slacks with orange stripe accents - her world's colors - and a white Australian-style slouch hat, left side pinned up in the classic bush style of centuries before (which was actually done to allow a soldier to sling a rifle over his shoulder without hitting the brim), she grabbed her duffel and used her private door to the hallway, preferring not to go through a tear-laden goodbye with Becky. She took the stairs down to the first level (always taking stairs as it helped to keep her legs toned) and hailed a cab once she was on the street. The tubular-looking vehicle floated down and a door opened, beckoning her to enter.
"BlueMil Spaceport, please. Entrance Zeta," she stated, once she had taken her seat in the cab. The automated transport then dutifully zipped up into the overhead traffic and went straight to her requested destination. Then, after a short shuttle of one hour she would dock with the Revolution, starting the next phase of her career.

###

In another location, outside of the confines of normal space/time, a tall, well-formed male figure moved throughout dimly lit chambers, appearing to be interested with a defined panel of intangible light that floated in the air in front of him. More like a semi-transparent hologram, and about one meter wide by half a meter in height, it enabled him to touch parts of the organic-looking interface and enact processes, acquiring information on demand.
The only other light in the spacious room was from some half-melted candles sitting on an ancient-looking oaken table, but they did nothing to illuminate anything aside from the closest objects. The floating infoscreen, however, caused an eerie glow upon the man's weathered, aged face. Waving his left hand, he caused a beautiful bronze stream of glowing particles to coalesce and take the form of a face in the air.
"Watch, my friend. This must never happen again," the old man said to the glowing visage.
He wiped his hand out through the air to his front, creating a smaller view screen, more like what was once known as a television, appear out of nothingness. The flat, semi-transparent display showed nothing but the blackness of space and a few stars, until what appeared to be a massive creature came into view - but it wasn't a creature, although it was alive in a manner of speaking; a Vrol Brood Carrier had just arrived at its destination; Old-Earth.
Mankind had no idea that anything was headed their way. For years they had scanned the stars, especially looking for the refugees who had disappeared after fleeing the planet decades before, but they saw nothing until the Brood Carrier materialized right outside Old-Earth's atmosphere, accompanied by thousands of other ships of various sizes and configurations, which started to connect together and blot out the sky.
There was no warning, no waiting, no negotiating - death came crashing down upon Old-Earth's collective head. Man fought back, and although his cities were laid to waste, he battled on and held off the Vrol for almost two years. He had learned to capture the powerful and deadly Vrol Flyers and use technology to access the Brood Mind through the creatures' simple brains, which were only intelligent via their psychic connection to each other. Even though it required a voluntary human sacrifice to make contact, as the user would die shortly after having acquired and shared critical information, mankind kept on and on until he figured out how to conquer them. The Vrol were almost defeated for the first time since they were created by rogue Prīmulī - created to cull the unworthy from the galaxy.
There was one thing that was not stored in the Brood Mind- the final protocol; their parting gift to an obnoxious enemy that refused to lie down and die. Silent and invisible, the cleansing strain flowed down upon the planet and invaded every fresh water source it touched. Saline oceans were immune, but nothing else was. It nearly decimated every land-based species of fauna - including man - dissolving everything to dust almost on contact. Even Vrol ground troops were susceptible. None in its path escaped, and of those outside its path, very few lived. Colonies built at sea and out of reach of the Vrol (who didn't fly over large masses of salt water) didn't even escape the strain. It settled down upon their heads and began to dissolve organic tissues on contact.
The planet let out a collective scream; it simply died. The Vrol then pointed their Brood Carrier back out to the stars to begin anew. As the screen faded to black, the floating face turned from the screen and looked at the elder.
"My Lord. I understand that the recording was from Earth, in the 23rd century. Query. Why do you watch it yet again?"
The old man shook his head, displaying a bit of remorse. He had seen much death in his eons of existence, and it was for that reason that he wanted to help others to prevent it from happening again. The Vrol represented an imbalance in the universe, and imbalances always need be corrected.
"Socrates, please access view portal 1-3-2818 Azul Cargalia. I am entering primary 4D coordinates now for Kamiliak calculations."
He finished entering a long string of data into the light panel to his front, and turned lazily to the left where the face, called Socrates, floated nearby. It looked remarkably like a comedy/tragedy mask of ancient Earth's theater, but with neither the laugh nor the frown, and more of a blank, uninterested expression to its face. The other difference between Socrates' face and an ancient theater mask was that it appeared to be made up of ambient, glowing particles in the air that were constantly undulating, as if a cosmic breeze flowed through them.
The semi-transparent face slowly spun 360 degrees to port and stopped after completing a full rotation, with various trailing particles catching up to the mask.
"Lord Draagh, coordinates have been received and accepted."
Draagh, as the man was called, thrust out a hand, and with a long sweeping motion wiped a new 3-meter wide view screen into existence to his right, effectively covering the massive stones in the wall of his study. More light flooded into the room, revealing his appearance. At 196 centimeters tall (just over 6'4"), with a gray beard and mustache (the mustache terminating in braids on both sides), gray hair pulled back into a ponytail that went down past his shoulders, he sported an outfit made of a scaly, black, unrecognizable leather-like hide that consisted of pants, boots and a mid-length jacket, covering a dark shirt of woven fabric. In essence, he resembled an old and very kick-ass Viking warrior.
In the new display that he had created he saw a young human male in a large warehouse, the man being roughly 25 years of age and of mixed extraction, with hazel eyes, messy, dark hair and an athletic, yet slim build, performing what appeared to be mechanical work on a small, bulky craft of unknown designation and close to 55 meters in length and 20 meters in height. The young man was using a crane to drop complex machinery onto the top of the craft, and although one without knowledge of the craft would probably not be aware of its true nature, it was an exo-atmospheric transport vehicle - spaceship for short - and it didn't look to be in very good condition.
Draagh watched with keen interest as the young man went about his various activities. Socrates floated in the air, calmly watching the view screen along with Draagh and showing a near-human bit of curiosity in his expression.
"Lord Draagh, please note your staff has been updated with both the primary insertion point and those of your requested destination of 6-3-4216 EP for the specified geo-spatial coordinates. Query. Shall I verify?"
Draagh looked back at the floating face and nodded in the affirmative as he was always one who preferred safety to haste. Socrates spun in a slow manner 360 degrees to aft and then stopped in place.
"All coordinates verified. Safe travels. Query. May I ask what you plan on doing on SA28.18 EP? It is sparsely inhabited, and mostly by superstitious nomadic tribes. It could be quite dangerous."
Draagh grinned softly, the cycling light levels causing his blue eyes to sparkle and reflect the random flashing imagery on the view screen.
"I am going to change the future, old friend…"
Socrates made what would be considered a wry smile if he weren't a floating mask looking like it could dematerialize at any moment.
"Ever the mysterious one, my Lord. As always, I am here to help. Please do remember that once you have left The Hub there shall be an access lag if you need to call on me."
Draagh made wide, swiping motions with his hands and arms to the left, as he caused the wall display to fast-forward through time, in a manner of speaking. Images passed by in almost comical fast motion, but still maintaining perfect clarity and resolution. He fast-forwarded over much of the work the young man was doing to his craft, like harnessing the equipment he had set on top, and welding pieces of conduit to it, until arriving to the point where the work appeared to have been completed. He made several smaller swiping motions, going forward in a much slower fashion, until he saw the subject of his interest standing outside his craft, holding a small jewelry box in his hand. The young man seemed to have a sad, downcast look on his face, as he closed his eyes and bowed his head. Turning and entering the craft from the back, he shut the loading ramp and massive doors behind him.
It was at this time that Draagh watched with increased interest and displaying more than a touch of concern on his face. As the craft's engines roared to life, concussion waves from the atmospheric drive caused items on local workbenches to fly off, with tools and pipe wrenches impaling walls, the massive metal benches themselves vibrating on their legs and rattling away from the craft, with two flipping over end on end and making loud, clanging noises. The vehicle then started to lift off as the warehouse roof parted down the middle, opening up and exposing the clear blue sky.
Before he could take off, and without warning, dozens of armed, military-looking individuals dressed in black, full-faced helmets and articulated body armor burst into the warehouse, firing projectile and charge weapons at the craft while it still floated upwards.
A blaring loudspeaker, projecting enough volume to be heard within at least a five-kilometer radius, announced the true intent of the invasion.
"Attention Commander Gunnarsson. You are in violation of the Federal SSCC Non- Proliferation Act and are to be taken in for questioning. Land immediately or we will be forced to disable your craft."
With Socrates still floating close by, Draagh clenched his fists while rocking his head forward, as if he were trying to move the craft through mental will alone.
"Move boy, go now," he hissed under his breath, but the craft just hung in mid-air, shrugging off the small arms fire being laid upon its hull.
Then, without warning, the spaceship shot up and out of the warehouse into the upper atmosphere at Mach 7, violently blowing a good percentage of the invading army back into crumpled piles of unconsciousness. Pieces of the roof, dislodged from the concussive blast, fell back to the ground and took out five more soldiers.
The young man wasn't out of the danger yet, so to speak. As he burst up toward the blackness of space, Five Draeder class exo-atmospheric attack fighters pursued in tight formation, quickly catching up to the dilapidated craft. Weapons fire erupted from the Draeders, rocking and buffeting the small transport as it screamed out of the atmosphere, still being trailed by the attack fighters.
The fleeing man pulled a lever back on his dashboard, and glowing machinery pushed out through the top of the ship, causing a rippling disruption in space that somehow followed his flight pattern. The machinery of his ship reached up and into the newly created rift, as he increased his velocity in an attempt to buy himself time and avoid certain death.
Over their communication devices, or comms, the attack fighter pilots then received their latest instructions.
"Shoot to kill. Destroy Gunnarsson and the craft along with him."
Then, as they raced out of orbit, six individuals - the apparent fugitive and the five Draeder pilots - simultaneously pressed buttons on their control panels. Fortunately, for the man attempting escape, his touch was just a fraction of a second faster than the pursuing craft pilots, and his ship, the Machu Picchu, disappeared from sight and the local solar system. Charge weapons flashed into the space with silent, concussive force where the escaping ship was located only a moment prior.
"Return to base," blared the comm. The attack craft then turned back to the planet below and screamed through the atmosphere, with Draagh's vid display turning dark.
The old man bolted away from his display and moved across the room to the table where his lit candles flickered, providing their weak illumination. Setting his gnarled hands down on the worn table, he made a slight gesture toward the candles with his head, causing the flames to self-extinguish, leaving the room dark, except for the two view screens which provided only enough ambient light for one to be able to see an exit path. He paused for a moment before reaching over and picking up a large, ornate staff made of a wood that looked like mahogany. Then, leaving his study in a hurried fashion, he snapped his fingers as he departed, causing the two view screens to blink off into nothingness. Socrates also faded from view, his ubiquitous visage slowly dissolving into a stream of beautiful, bronze-colored particles which then dissipated into the atmosphere.

###

Seated in the captain's chair on the Machu Picchu, the young man that the military called Gunnarsson wore a terrified look on his face, gripping the yolk as if it were his only link to existence - trying to calm down by taking deep, slow breaths. The forward view screen displayed wild, shifting colors and energy currents going in all directions, and it didn't help that his vision sharpened immensely when he was in stressful situations. He looked upon pure and utter chaos - a definite sign that he was not in normal space, but he was on course - at least his computers told him so. He had initiated the Side Space Carrier Current Hook Drive, also known as the hook, which he had helped to develop for the Military Scientific Complex, and it was taking him to the home of his ancestors - Earth.

Chapter 2 - Max Gunnarsson

Maximilianus Xavier Gunnarsson (called Max by his family and friends) was born on Azul, a planet that orbits twin stars in the Cetus constellation. His ancestors had emigrated there hundreds of years before as part of a secret project initiated by a corporate consortium, after the discovery of a new metal and the development of advanced propulsion technologies helped to facilitate deep-space travel. Found deep in the Andes Mountains of Peru, Argentina and Chile, and then later in the Swiss Alps, the new metal, quadrinium, enabled the construction of star-faring craft due to its superior strength, heat resistance and ultra-light weight.
Large emigration ships, called barges, were constructed in a massive, secret underground base in the middle of Australia, and financed by consortium corporations from Argentina, Australia, Chile, Peru, Switzerland and The United States of America. Many felt this to be necessary to ensure the survival of the human race, as Earth was suffering from overpopulation and an almost complete lack of energy resources and food.
Automated terraforming drones, sent to Azul 20 years ahead of the fleet under the guise of privately-funded deep-space exploration vehicles, were in reality to perform minor geological and atmospheric adjustments, thereby allowing man to survive on-planet without doing significant damage to local flora and fauna. This process finished three years before the arrival of the first barge, which orbited the planet after a long journey of almost 300 years.
Of course, Max was born centuries later into a thriving and modern society. Possessing a strong physical constitution, standing 180 cm tall and weighing in at about 80 kilograms (5'10" and 175 lbs in Old-Earth measurements), and sporting brown hair and lightly-tanned complexion (his mother being dega), Max's parents were Charles Gunnarsson and Clarisa (née Martinez), both professors at a local university. So, growing up in an academic environment, he had all of the tools he needed to learn and succeed. In fact, he was such a brilliant student that by the time he was 23 years old he had earned a PhD in physics, along with three Master's degrees in differing engineering disciplines (molecular, mechanical and electrical).
From there he satisfied his federal service requirement by going to work for the Military, which was more of a scientific organization than one geared toward implementing tools of war. As there was no form of conflict on Azul or the three inhabited moons in the system (Luna, Sienna and Vera, of which both Luna and Sienna orbited the planet, with Vera belonging to a nearby gas giant), the Military simply got ahold of the best and brightest minds available and worked toward the common goal of making technological breakthroughs. One of these breakthroughs was the discovery of side space carrier currents, or SSCC, and Max was deeply involved in it, as its discovery was based on the theory he postulated in his doctoral thesis.

The SSCC project would enable Azul's military to respond in proactive fashion to any external threat. Aside from this, Azul had been receiving radio signals from an approaching, intelligent alien race, the Artusians, for several years and saw no reason to let down their guard. The alien fleet was traveling STL (slower than light), so the military had a few years to ramp up for their arrival. The SSCC project facilitated this, as it dealt with side space - a layer of space next to, or below (or even above) normal space. Scientists didn't know if space was an alternate dimension; just that Einsteinian physics did not apply. They found that there were side space carrier currents - strands of energy moving at extreme velocities, many thousands of times the speed of light as it existed in normal space.
Max led the engineering group that developed the hook, a device that enabled a ship to reach into side space, and drag itself onto the carrier currents for a ride, which traveled in an infinite number of directions. Each current strand would run on its own side space frequency, so, in theory all one needed to do was to tune the hook (which more resembled a massive electronic spear) to the proper frequency and get dragged into side space, releasing when at or near their destination.
But for the first time in decades the politicos on Azul came to a stand-off - they could not agree on whether to authorize the hook drive or not. There were those who wanted to use it to reach out to the stars, and then those who wanted to return to Earth (or Old-Earth, as they sometimes called it). No radio signal from Earth had reached Azul in centuries, and it was unknown if the planet even still existed anymore. Space telescopes showed it still there, but a telescope is only as accurate as the light being transmitted to it, and Earth was light years away.   As the form of government on Azul was very methodical and logical (and quite slow to make decisions, which was written into their Constitution on purpose), they felt it best to study the hook drive in laboratories, and not in space, while they came to a consensus on its final implementation.
So, not willing to wait, Max developed his own hook drive in a private warehouse, working evenings and weekends in secret, drinking copious amounts of coffee and listening to ancient symphony music (J.S. Bach was his favorite), while assembling pieces of the device out of junk parts he had smuggled out of the Military Scientific Research Complex. He knew that if he were discovered he would be penalized and possibly jailed, as the military had ownership over the technology, but he forged on, intending on returning to Earth as a test. He surmised that if he could go to Earth and return, then the government would have no choice but to allow military ships to be retrofitted with the technology, enabling mankind to go out and meet the approaching alien fleet - just to make sure they were not hostile, and if they were, to vaporize them where they floated in space.

His calculations set the estimated arrival at Earth in less than eight standard days -14,000 times faster than it had taken the original Exodus to achieve orbit around Azul. When he was almost finished with his homemade hook drive, he sought to buy a small transport craft capable of rugged space travel, so he found an old cargo ship that was used to carry everything from cattle to shipping containers between Azul and the local moons. He purchased it after he was approached by a less than reputable vendor named Ali on Sienna's Verdal continent, and named it the Machu Picchu, after the historical Inca ruins on Old-Earth's South American continent. He then flew it back home and filled it with cargo - camping gear, a water purification system, weapons and an all-terrain vehicle for exploring on land, before initiating the process to install the hook machinery.
If Max had a bad habit, it was that he was a bit chatty - and trusting. He liked to share information with people, to give them hope, to raise their spirits up, and also let them know that he was smart. Very, very smart. This was his downfall, as his ego drove him to give a bit too much information to Ali, from whom he purchased his new ship.
He didn't mention anything about a slip drive, but said he was working on something that would change mankind for the better and it had to do with returning to Earth. Ali, being a shifty and greedy merchant with a rich criminal history and multiple stints in local jails, thought he could earn a reward from the military by selling out Gunnarsson, as it was obvious to Ali that illegal activities were going to take place.
So Ali contacted the local military annex and started to blab to an unshaven, low-level officer who looked like he had slept in his crumpled uniform for at least a week, inventing half of the story as he went along, making wild embellishments that no one would have believed. In truth, nothing would have happened, and at best Ali would have been thrown out on his ear but for one small fact - the scientist had told Ali his real name, so when Ali said he had sold the spacecraft to a certain Max Gunnarsson it set off alarms within Azul Military Intelligence, even though it took a few days for that information to filter up to the proper ranks. By this time Max was finished retrofitting the hook drive onto the Machu Picchu and was ready to help usher in a new era for mankind. Even despite Max's issues with the authorities, things were never as good in Old-Earth's past as they were on Azul. And he had left it all, gambling that there was even still a planet orbiting Sol.

###

At 45 years of age, Rear Admiral Luigi Bagatelle was the youngest person ever to have attained that rank in the history of Azul's military. He dedicated himself for years to get where he was - standing on the bridge of his massive Juggernaut-class ship, the Revolution, the newest in the fleet. Without prior indication or warning, his command was assigned the responsibility of going where no Azul-born human had gone before - back to Old-Earth.
Knowing full well that the hook had yet to be tested on such a large ship, he could have been bringing hundreds of men and women to their doom, but it was his job to make sure that this technology did not fall into the hands of anyone - alien or human. He wondered what would happen if Gunnarsson reached Earth and there was still a society there. He imagined them capturing SSCC technology and invading Azul, which caused him to shudder at the thought. Bagatelle had a 100% commitment to the safeguarding of Azul and the three moons. The federal government had given special and immediate permission for the military to outfit the Revolution with SSCC technology, but it was hastily assembled. Gunnarsson was their lead engineer and was not there to oversee implementation, and he already had a four-day lead on them. Fortunately, the Revolution was built to facilitate the installation of SSCC technology in space dock. Otherwise they could have had a down time of at least a standard month.
Bagatelle turned to his second in command, Lt. Commander Alicia Vasquez, and over the comm gave the order, "All hands on deck, prepare for side space entry."
The lt. commander nodded and slowly pulled back a large lever on her control panel. The top of the massive warship's midsection opened as huge, protective panels slid back, allowing hook drive machinery to assume its place at the top of the ship. Masses of tubing and pipes pushed up out the top of Revolution's hull and lit up with a brilliant glow while the core energized.
As the glowing increased on the top of the ship, a rift in side space tore open approximately 10 meters above the machinery. Millions of individual, colorful energy strands wildly weaved around and through each other, glimmering and racing, making the rift look like a supernatural gash in the sky. Then, what appeared to be a massive, backwards-facing spear littered with electronics moved up and into the energy field. This was the hook dragging into the side space field, eventually making a connection with the proper current frequency. Within seconds the Revolution disappeared from sight and screen. It was on its way to Earth.
Chapter 3 - Welcome to Old-Earth

Max calmed his nerves, set all flight controls to automatic and was resting in his sleeping quarters. The good thing about side space was that, as far as anyone knew, there were no dangerous objects floating around, so he could relax and enjoy the ride, the navigation being automated with the hook drive and on-board computer systems. Once certain coordinates were reached, the drive would disengage and the ship would drop to normal space, decelerating to the velocity the craft was at when it had initially entered into the rift.
After getting up and going to the small galley, he pushed a button on the food dispenser, causing a warm cup of coffee to appear in the receiver tray. Max grabbed the coffee and took a long sip, feeling the warm liquid course down into his empty stomach, half settling it and half upsetting it with the coffee's acidic constitution.
He sat back on a crash couch, designed for poor to tragic landings, but also used as a comfortable place to relax, he looked over his nav charts he had printed out and brought along on the journey. They were the last known land and water configurations from Earth and had layouts of the entire planet.
Not knowing where to go, he chose to land near the Urubamba River, in Peru, right at the base of Machu Picchu, the namesake of his ship. He would then scan the area for signs of human life, and if none existed then that would be his base of operations. The first thing he would need to do was to find a safe place to camouflage the Machu Picchu as it was more than a certainty that Federation forces were pursuing him. He had billions of possible landing sites in the South American continent alone, but the high jungle, where the Urubamba flowed, would provide excellent cover with its many valleys and ravines.

After six standard days in transit, the Machu Picchu dropped out of side space, halfway between the orbits of Earth and Mars, the third and fourth planets in Sol system. Max engaged the ship's fusion-ion drive for some serious velocity, and started chugging toward the planet of his ancestors. His ship had been going a paltry forward velocity of Mach 7 when it entered into of side space, and he needed to arrive within hours, not months. With the fusion-ion drive at full he would arrive at Earth in one standard day - much faster than it took Earth's first and only explorers to Mars, who spent three months on a cramped vessel, only to tragically never make the return trip home due to an unexplained accident that resulted in a total loss of life.
As the hours passed he occasionally went to the galley. He got snacks and was diligent about hydrating, not knowing what the water situation would be like on Earth. For all he knew, the planet would be a dustbowl or an apocalyptic death ball. When the Machu Picchu reached Earth's Moon he jumped into the pilot's chair and started preparing for atmospheric entry, analyzing his readouts on weather patterns and other assorted critical data. All reports came back positive - it appeared that Earth had a stable weather system, and it was winter in the southern hemisphere where he was targeted to touch down, so pollen levels would be low.
Half-way between the Moon and Earth he programmed his re-entry angle vector and paid careful attention to his early warning systems for any sort of defensive satellites and ground-based systems, detecting none. In fact, there were no radio signals at all - just static on all frequencies. That told him one of two things - either that humanity was extinct, or that they had completely lost all technological capabilities. He took no chances and prepared for both scenarios. Another oddity he noticed was that there were incredible amounts of space junk that formed a sparse, inconsistent ring around the plant. Feeling he had little time to analyze these foreign objects, he blasted through them as he made his way towards the planet below.
The Machu Picchu screamed into Earth's atmosphere at a faster rate than any previously-known vessel ever had before, simply due to the fact that technology had advanced so much throughout the centuries.  He made an effort to slow down as much as possible, remembering that there were untold numbers of flying species on Earth, and he had no desire to massacre scores of innocent, airborne animals on re-entry.
He slowed the Machu Picchu down to a respectable Mach 1.5 over what his nav charts called the Pacific Ocean, cruising at about 9,000 meters above sea level. As he was coming in high, he turned on his ground cams and recorded while he approached the Peruvian coast, specifically over what was the capital city, Lima. Curious, he slowed his ship down, as the computers had not detected any form of areal defense, and lowered to only 75 meters above sea level on the coast.
As he approached the foggy shoreline, he saw the ruins of what appeared to have been a large commercial center, built on a cliff overlooking the ocean. Magnifying in, he saw there was still lettering on buildings, although quite faded. The largest lettering said Larco Mar, and showed well only because it was constructed out of what appeared to be concrete or stone, but some of the smaller buildings had signage, like HaRo k C fé, with some letters missing.
Lidar (laser radar) systems detected no large fauna in the area, so he dropped his landing gear and set down on a street outside of the commercial area. The atmospheric drive's concussion waves buffeted the street and blew out chunks of pavement as the ship touched down, the landing pads sinking a few centimeters into the pavement.
Max was amazed that the street had even held together on landing, as it was most probably not designed to withstand so many metric tons of weight in such a small area. Shutting down engines, but leaving primers on in case of an urgent departure, he unstrapped from his chair and did a final readout of air conditions outside. He was surprised that they were fine, with just a touch more pollen in the air than he would have expected given it was winter, but then again, what was to expect? He was from Azul, not Earth.
He then pressed a button on the control panel in front of his seat and five small drones shot out of an access tube on the starboard side of the ship and split off at high speed in different directions. These were to scan the area and send findings back to the Machu Picchu's computer systems, warning him of any organic, technological or biological dangers that existed.
The rear cargo doors opened and the loading ramp slowly lowered to the ground, holding firm onto the street as it made contact with a loud thud. Max took a supplemental oxygen supply, water and some nourishment snacks, as well as a charged side arm with him in a back pack, then slid down the stairs from the cockpit to the cargo bay and jumped into the quad runner, putting on his helmet and hitting the energy switch.
He blew out of the back of the Machu Picchu, the landing ramp and cargo doors closing once he had left the ship as he headed down into what appeared to have been a parking structure for land vehicles. He could tell, even though he was from another planet, that humans still built things the same way. Rooms were constructed with four or more walls, doors were 2.1 meters high and people still sat down to relieve themselves in lavatory facilities. Much had changed over time, but much had remained the same.
Once he entered the lower sections of the parking structure he started to see more signs of a former civilization - dust-covered, rusted-out hunks of land-based vehicles were in apparent parking spaces, denoted by faded lines in the pavement, and had obviously not moved for centuries.

What happened here?

He drove up and out of the parking structure, stopping his quad at a stairway, which led up to the buildings of Larco Mar. Exiting his quad, he drew his side arm, a military standard issue Stinger rapid fire charge pistol capable of expelling 37 charged rounds per second with little recoil nor bloom, from a charge pod that contained the equivalent of 37,000 rounds. Technology had also improved firearms in the future, and this weapon was not to be trifled with.
As he slowly walked up the stairs he relied on a head's up display, or HUD, which was imagery painted onto his eye by a laser, basically giving him the illusion of having a semi-transparent, one-meter display in front of his face, up high and to the left. This was facilitated by his helmet's connection with the Machu Picchu, and it showed him everything from temperature to wind direction, to bacterial, viral and pollen counts, among many, many other details. As he neared the top of the stairs he surmised that it used to be an area of commerce, so, wanting a bit more information, he consulted the computer on the Machu Picchu.
Using his verbal interface with the ship he said, "Computer, please do a historical analysis of the local area based on my precise coordinates, with a one kilometer radius. This month and day, for the year 2014 CE."
He waited for a moment and suddenly a torrent of information flooded his HUD. He instantly regretted not having done a detailed search while still in the ship, as this way the information was basically being pushed into his brain in a most uncomfortable fashion. However, once the upload was complete the HUD overlaid video footage of what Larco Mar looked like in the year 2014, matching every step he took. The video overlay was a compilation of triangulated satellite surveillance and street camera archives, taken to Azul with the Exodus fleet centuries ago.
People were walking - families, couples, teenage kids on skateboards, and kites fluttering in the gentle breezes off the coast. It was a lively scene, with the sun shining and sparkling off the surface of the Pacific Ocean. Music played in restaurants; he smelled scents of the most delicious cuisines, saw performers on sidewalks and vendors selling trinkets from large portable booths.
Ah, so this is what Earth was like here, he thought to himself. Not so different from Azul, and I actually like the style of clothing, he thought further as he chuckled out loud, being especially fond of the various women in bikini-style swimwear.
Desiring some sort of real connection with the dead world, he entered the HaRo k C fé, which the HUD showed correctly as Hard Rock Café. Walking through the dust-covered seating areas, he sauntered up to the bar area and tested a stool, just to make sure it wouldn't disintegrate on him.
The bar stool held fast, so he sat at the counter, watching the endless imagery of servants, guests, and food going in different directions. For the most part the restaurant was intact. There were dust-covered display cases on the walls and even bottles of spirits behind the bar. That's when he got an idea. He got up, turned off his video review function on the HUD and went behind the bar.
Max found a few bottles in a cupboard that still had seals, so he selected one - a bottle of Glenfiddich Scotch whisky, 18 years old.

Much, much older than that, I would assume, he mused.

He knew that Scotch whisky was aged in the barrel, not the bottle, so this particular distilling had rested in a barrel for 18 years, and then sat on a shelf for decade after long decade.  As he put the bottle in his backpack, he determined that there was nothing more to see inside, so he released three more small drones from his pack that promptly zipped off to scan the perimeter.
Max pulled a small computer out of his backpack, set it on the bar top, and touched a button, making a holographic display rise up in the place of where the screen of a 21st century earth laptop's would have been. He tapped at the keyboard and checked on his drones. All reported no human life, and no high levels of radioactivity. However, there was a red marker on a biological reading - a fossilized form of an unknown type of amoeba, and it had permeated everything, including the water supply. He instructed a drone to gather samples of the amoeba and to contain them in a hydrostatic field, for return to the ship and further analysis. He called all other drones back to the ship and set off to return to the Machu Picchu.
As he walked back out onto the promenade, he came up to the entrance of a clothing shop and again turned on his HUD video feed. It showed attractive signage and brilliantly colored clothing and fabrics on the walls, but in reality there were only smatterings of dust on the ground below where the clothing used to hang so many centuries ago. His HUD showed glass doors and windows everywhere, but these buildings were so old that the glass had been eliminated via the sun, rain and wind - cruel companions for the duration of history, to say the least. He reckoned being right on the coastline would have also made it difficult for man-made materials to remain over the centuries.
Again, turning off the video overlay on his HUD, Max made his way back to the quad, taking care to not fall into any deep potholes, and then jumped into the vehicle and darted over to his ship.

Back in the cockpit, while eating a roast beef sandwich he had retrieved from the galley, he let the computer do a detailed molecular analysis on the amoeba fossils discovered by the drones. Then, flipping a few switches, he powered on all systems and prepared for takeoff to his target location, minutes away on the other side of the Andes - the mythical Machu Picchu, after which he named his ship. He was certain that Federation forces would arrive within a day or two, perhaps a little longer, as he left out small details of SSCC hook drive installation protocols on purpose, hopeful that they would hit a couple of roadblocks in retrofitting a craft. He was well aware that it would only slow them down as there were plenty of scientists at the Military Complex who were almost as intelligent as him.
He started the atmospheric drive and lifted up and over the commercial area, then out to the nearby ocean and back down to sea level, where a keyboard command dropped two long lengths of tubing into the ocean. This enabled him to add to his already ample stash of deuterium fuel, upon which his ship's fusion-ion drive relied. Minutes later, after having extracted enough fuel, he made a slow ascent to 1000 meters, then gained speed southeast-bound at an upward angle of 35 degrees. In minutes he was over the Urubamba River and Machu Picchu.
Scanning the view with his cameras, he found it incredible that Machu Picchu withstood the elements so well over the centuries, even though it was made of eloquently stacked stones. Of course, it looked quite different from the imagery in historical documentation, as it was now completely covered in lush vegetation.
Lidar scans took care of that and returned pictures of the tiny dwelling units sans plant life. Max needed a place to land and to hide his ship, fearing that the Federation could arrive any day. He started scanning for any type of cave or natural entrance underneath the jungle canopy and soon found a perfect hiding place for his ship. There was a natural cave entrance alongside the river, surrounded by overgrown vegetation, and it was just big enough to fit his craft. He brought the Machu Picchu down on the lowest booster setting he could, not wanting to disturb the flora, and slid his ship into a naturally-occurring tunnel of trees and plants. He was not concerned about being discovered once he was well-hidden as all locator beacons on the Machu Picchu were disabled once he purchased it. There were minimal tracking abilities on the ship anyway as it had been sometimes used for smuggling contraband around Azul.
He shut off critical systems and only left on basic life support - air filtration, computer systems and emergency lighting at night, so there was no way he would be discovered. What he really wanted to do was to camp outside, under a different set of stars; alien in configuration to the stars he had seen his entire life. He grabbed his gear and opened the rear hatch of the ship, setting off for the edge of the entrance to his tunnel, where he set up a tent and built a fire pit the old fashioned way - with a shovel. He had camped out on Azul many times as a youth, and he found this to be a fun and relaxing activity.
Max finished his campsite by the time dusk had arrived and had the ship's computer set to detect anything entering the atmosphere so there would be ample time to extinguish the campfire and get ready to flee. No one had yet developed a way to track a craft in side space, so he basically could have gone anywhere, and still had that option in case of being pursued by the Federation - pick a current and go. Manually set sensors formed a perimeter around the campsite, all the way back to the ship. They would sound a warning upon detecting any intrusion, such as a carnivorous animal, and give it a healthy electrical shock and grav-push away from the area, effectively keeping him safe from any natural dangers.
After taking a quick shower in the ship and changing his clothing, he went outside and was finally able to relax in the near silence. He leaned up against a fallen log and enjoyed the crackling fire while he looked up at millions of stars. As Earth no longer had any artificially created light, there was little reflection off the atmosphere, making for a near-perfect, unobstructed view of the sky as he sat close to the edge of the natural canopy. He found the stars to be beautiful, and squinted his eyes, trying to pinpoint the location of Azul, which, although in a binary system would be a singular point of light in a vast field of hot plasma balls held together by intense magnetic fields.  However, he couldn't see any indication of his home world.
The computer showed no signs of emerging ships or even large life forms, so he pulled the bottle of Glenfiddich out of his backpack and admired it. He broke the seal and dropped a probe into the bottle, just to make sure that there was nothing in it that would make him ill. This bottle had a scent, and it was definitely Scotch whisky. As he brought the bottle to his lips he hesitated momentarily, wondering if he should attempt to drink any of the amber substance.

Chemical analysis says that this is whisky; so, it should be fine… I hope.

However, before he could pour some of the amber liquid into his mouth, he heard a deep and slightly accented voice next to his location.
"I am certain that your whisky is quite fine for consumption! It was bottled some time before the invasion, my boy."
Max almost dropped the bottle out of surprise and sheer terror. Jump-rolling over the fallen log that had provided his back rest, he un-holstered his side arm and trained it on the intruder, staying where he was, practically paralyzed, looking wide-eyed at a leather-clad, smiling older man who was also enjoying the campfire.
"Hello my son!" the man exclaimed, with no small amount of excitement. "I have been watching you with great interest."

He took out a slender, wooden pipe and lit it, looking at Max with a kind grin and no fear whatsoever.
Chapter 4 - Bagatelle on Watch

Rear Admiral Bagatelle had odd dream as he slept. He was sitting with his grandfather in a field of tall, yellow wheat, the grain gently wavering in the wind. His elder, speaking from afar, told his him (as in his dream he perceived himself as a youth; usually the case for anyone's subconscious self-image) to open his mind, and to expect the unexpected - the path to truth. Raising his hand, the elder caused the sky to transform from blue to a black canvas of brilliant stars and gorgeous, multicolored nebulas or varying sizes and configurations.
His grandfather (who had, in real life, long since passed from the world of the living) then stood up, and appeared to grow until he appeared as a giant who dissolved into the night sky.
Bagatelle awoke to an alarm beeping from his personal console, the dream fading into the depths of his subconscious as his head cleared and he fully regained his senses. The console readout determined that they were three standard days from Sol System, but still had no way to determine Gunnarsson's target vector.
Without any real knowledge of Earth's existence, and without the ability to see where they going inside side space, for all he knew they would find a field of planetary debris in the place where the world of his ancestors once resided - and that said a lot, as Earth's orbit around Sol was 94 million kilometers - a huge distance to cover on fusion-ion propulsion, with so little time to capture the fugitive, even if he was anywhere in the vicinity of Sol.
He checked attack craft inventories and concluded that all 100 Draeders were fueled, armed, charged and nearly ready for departure on command. He wanted to bring a total of 300 Draeders, but leadership denied his request, as this needed to be a reconnaissance mission only - get Gunnarsson and get the hell back home. Report any and all findings, and if possible, leave some modified drone probes with side space radio capability they had brought. Under no circumstances were they to engage any native hostiles if indeed they existed. If there was still an advanced civilization on Earth he was to leave behind no technology.
Bagatelle put on his uniform and left his quarters, taking the elevator down to the flight deck, where all the pilots and techs kept themselves busy by preparing every detail down to the minutiae. Due to the nature of the mission there was an incredible buzz around the ship as this was the first ever trip back to Earth and no one was sure about what would be found. Some wondered if they would be able to see the cities where their ancestors had lived in centuries long passed. One thing was certain to all, as there were no secrets about the mission - they were going to capture or kill a military scientist who stole Azul technology and who also posed a serious threat to the planet.
"Attention on deck!" screamed a command as everyone present popped to attention. Bagatelle walked down a pathway, waving off everyone with a mild "As you were," and headed to the ops station where he found Lt. Ryder Johnson.
Johnson was an aggressive and intelligent junior officer who had moved up the ranks in the military faster than most and had disconcerting connections to the political power structure on Azul. His father was one of the few permanent members of the Security Council, which functioned in a similar fashion to the Supreme Court of Old-Earth's United States of America.
"Lieutenant - I wish to have a full status report on attack force readiness in two hours. Have it delivered on a secure console to my quarters."
The handsome, angular-faced and white-haired lieutenant gave Bagatelle a steely-eyed stare of confidence.
"Aye-aye, Sir. Consider it done."
Bagatelle didn't care much for Johnson, partially due to the lieutenant's family political connections, but also because the man always tried to out stare him. It was an ancient pecking order game - he who looked away first was the psychological subordinate, and Bagatelle didn't appreciate the challenge.
He had already made a mental note to keep a close eye on Johnson, especially when the attack craft were in atmo, if indeed they found a planet at all. Johnson was to lead a flight group - Deca Squadron, and Bagatelle needed to make sure everything stayed on mission.
Bagatelle left the flight deck and went up to the command bridge, where his second in command, Lt. Commander Vasquez was overseeing preparations of navigational maps to be added to the Draeders' computer systems. They wanted no mistakes, nor any lost pilots under any circumstances. The ship left with all hands, and they were to return with the same head count, except perhaps with the addition of the decapitated head of the fugitive traitor Maximilianus Gunnarsson.
He found it curious that someone with such a promising future would throw it all away for a trip to prove that his theories and engineering were correct. Had he desired, he could have led the entire Military Scientific Complex in just a few years.
Such a waste, he thought to himself. There must be a deeper reason for what Gunnarsson has done.  But that was not his concern. He had orders and was required to follow them.
As the massive juggernaut class craft screamed closer to Earth's last known location, breaking all rules of physics and scientific knowledge, preparations became more intense. Bagatelle gained little sleep, choosing instead to go over nav charts and reports in exhaustive fashion.
When close to their destination, he called Lieutenant Jennifer Escalante to his quarters for a private meeting.  Bagatelle knew everything that went on inside his ship. He also had suspicions about Lt. Johnson's reasons for being there It was common knowledge that Johnson and Lt. Escalante spent a lot of time together in the mess hall, and perhaps elsewhere. There was a lot to like about Escalante - and women like her. Her descendants were of Old-Earth South Americans, with their Mediterranean complexions, dark eyes and hair, and full lips. Nearly every beauty queen on Azul was dega, as they were called.
"Lt. Escalante," began the commanding officer, "could I speak with you about a… personal matter?"
Escalante found this a bit out of order, but it was not the first time Bagatelle asked about her personal affairs. He had always taken an interest in her since she was assigned to his command years prior. She assumed it was due to her work ethic. Little did she realize there was a much deeper meaning to his interest in her, but that was not the case at the moment.
"Yes, of course Sir. You know I always welcome your questions. Am I somehow disobeying regulations or…?"
"No, Lieutenant," interrupting her so he could get straight to the point, "I understand you've been spending time with Lt. Ryder Johnson. While it's not against regulations, I would like for you to confide in me if you find he is participating in any unusual activities - and I don't mean drinking the tequila he smuggled onboard. As your commanding officer I also trust you will not share my concerns with him."
Escalante looked at her commanding officer's stern gaze and knew he meant business. She really liked her time with Lt. Johnson, as he was handsome and well connected, but her first allegiance was to the military - and specifically, to Rear Admiral Bagatelle. Serving under someone's command for her entire military career to date can help to build trust, and she intended to always keep his.
"Sir, I will inform you if I notice anything out of order. Is there anything of which I should be aware?"
"Nothing that I can relay to you, Lieutenant. I need to make sure that this mission goes off without a hitch, and I've reasons to be alert at all times, as do you. We can't let our personal relationships get in the way of duty, and as you have been around him so much I felt it necessary to remind you that anyone - including me - could do something to cause this mission to fail. The Security Council was against returning to Earth in the first place, but as Gunnarsson went rogue they had no choice but to let us pursue."
"Yes sir, I understand completely, and I will keep an eye on everyone, sir."
Lt. Escalante then stood at attention and saluted her commanding officer. "Permission to be dismissed, Sir."
Bagatelle nodded with a warm gaze and put a hand on her shoulder. "Gracias, mijita. Tu abuela habría estado muy orgullosa de vos (Thank you, my child. Your grandmother would have been very proud of you)."
Then Bagatelle gave her a sharp return salute, which was her cue to depart.
Jennie, I hope for all our sake that I am wrong about this, he thought to himself as he prepared to go back to the command bridge.
Jennie left Bagatelle's cabin and set off for her quarters. She was going to meet with Ryder when his shift was over, one hour later than hers, excited as she enjoyed their time together. Sometimes she dreamed about marrying someone like him, with a powerful, politically connected family, which seemed much more romantic than her own childhood which was quite sad and uneventful.
She was an orphan, adopted by an older couple that fretted over her safety, and was hardly ever allowed to do anything, including participation in school activities. They forbade her from dating boys and even joining athletic teams, which was a shame because she was naturally gifted at football.
The military was her way out, so once she graduated from the university she entered the military academy - against the wishes of her adoptive parents.
She enjoyed Ryder's stories of his vacations to all three of Azul System's moons, his ski trips on Vera (the coldest of the three), and even the craziness that ensued during spring breaks when in college. He had seen things she only dreamed of.

If I could just marry somebody like him…

First she needed to stop by her own quarters, shower and fix herself up bit. Her duty shift was over, so she could dress in a more relaxed fashion. Sexy civilian wear was forbidden on military vessels, but for every rule there was a way to break it.
In her cabin she pulled out some tight-fighting khaki pants, made for working in spaces where various machinery might snag loose clothing and possibly bring harm to the worker. She complimented the pants with a rather loose-fitting blue, button-down collar oxford shirt, leaving the top three buttons undone, and tying the bottom of the shirt into a knot above her waistline while showing enough cleavage to be almost obscenely enticing. She easily got away with this, more so than most of the other women on the ship, as she was - to quote her roommate Beckys - stacked. She finished the ensemble with a duty cover, which resembled a baseball cap, putting it on backwards. A bit of makeup freshening and she was ready for dinner.
The last thing Lt. Ryder Johnson did before he finished his duty shift was to send Bagatelle his requested status report via personal console. He looked forward to meeting up with Jennie, but had to get ready quickly, as she had been off-shift for an hour already. Entering his quarters he saw the bottle of tequila - one of the two he had brought on board, which was against regulations, but he was glad he did it.
Ha! That Bagatelle is a real dumbshit. He doesn't have a clue about what goes on around here. Best admiral in the fleet - my ass, he thought to himself while smirking at his reflection in the mirror.
He had been trying to get her into his quarters since being reassigned to the Revolution. She was the prize on every ship she had served on, and to date no one had conquered her, but he was Ryder Johnson and he got whatever he wanted - whether by their own free will or by force. That's how powerful his father was. His bottle of tequila was the most expensive brand on the planet, and he found it helpful to point these little things out to women - especially degas, as he found them easy to impress (or so he believed).

After showering and shaving he put on casual clothes - denims and a blue, collared cotton shirt, all permissible onboard when one was not on duty. He hoped that Jennie would do the same, but she was so gung-ho for all he knew she would show up in her dress whites.
Ryder arranged everything in his room in case he got lucky, and set off for the mess hall. He thought about her a lot. He wasn't supposed to, but he did. She was intelligent, engaging and extremely good-looking.
It's a shame she's dega.
Entering the mess hall he saw Jennie, sitting at a table, surrounded by five other junior officers. He had made sure to let his fellow officers know exactly who he was when he was reassigned to that ship. His father's name put fear in people, and Ryder reveled in fear - it gave him a sense of power - power he would have one day.
"Hey Ryder," the stunning girl called out to him, "been waiting for a while, so the boys here were just keeping me company."
Johnson had a sneering smirk that he hid from Jennie when he arrived at the table, but he made sure the other men saw it. They quickly excused themselves and went to the other side of the mess hall.
"Aren't they nice? I love it when my friends take time to chat."
Ryder looked into her brown doe-like eyes, and couldn't resist having conflicting thoughts about his lovely friend.

Holy crap, she is so naïve and clueless. Excellent qualities in a wife, for sure… 

What Ryder didn't realize, as he always believed himself to be more intelligent and superior to everyone else, was that Jennie knew exactly what she was doing. She was hyper-smart and calculating in her actions. She rested her chin on her hands, fingers intertwined as she gave him a little smile.
"So, how was your shift? Anything new and exciting on the flight deck?"
"Oh, the usual - techs messing up my equipment. I've gone through three already this mission."
"Ryder, you need to be patient. They were trained to do a certain job, and I know you're a top-level pilot and like your ship tuned a certain way, but please be nice, sweetie. They're just kids, not even officers."
Ryder simultaneously loved and hated the fact that Jennie had that effect on him - he momentarily considered being nice to a lowly tech, until his better sensibilities came into play - namely, his heritage. He was a Johnson, and Johnsons did what they wanted - but they were also manipulative.
"Yeah, you're right, Jennie. Why is it you always have the best answers?"
"Just my nature, I guess, sweetie. So whatcha wanna do? We have over fourteen hours till next shift, which is super-unusual."
Ryder's heart skipped a beat. He had almost forgotten that the two had been placed on close-overlap duty schedules, with their on and off times only an hour apart. He had over half a standard day to get her into his quarters.
"Well, do you want to play billiards? I was fraternal champion at my university, you know."
Jennie knew this, as Ryder had told her at least five times in the past, but like any smart girl who wanted something she simply fed his narcissism.
"Wow, you don't say! Well, I played a bit, and I'm not very good, but maybe you can teach me a few tricks, hmm?"
"Sure thing, but first I need some food. What's on the menu?"
"Garlic mashed potatoes and jraxon - your favorites," she said as she giggled, knowing he despised both. She loved garlic and didn't really mind eating the indigenous bird that resembled a duck, but she just consumed a protein shake, not wanting to stink like garlic and displease him. She had never met anyone before who plainly stated that they were allergic to garlic, but she thought it was a convenient excuse if anything.
Oh well, even if it is a bunch of crap, it's kinda creative, she thought to herself.
"I just had a protein shake - gotta watch the figure, you know," she continued with a grin, and then watched him scan her figure which was quite watchable.
"Sounds good - think I'll have the same… and maybe bring some fritas (French-fried potatoes) to the game room with us."
"Okies - sounds good sweety, grab your stuff and let's get going," she said with a voice coated in sugar. She could have called him a rancid pig living in a bag of shit using that voice, and he would have still melted a little bit inside. That was saying a lot, because Ryder Johnson's emotional temperature was in the range of around absolute zero.
After an hour playing billiards, and repeatedly beating her, but just barely, he started up with some small talk, trying to get her to talk about herself, which she was reticent to do. She simply fed his ego and always wanted to listen to his stories, so he got an idea.
"Hey Jen, the game consoles down here really suck, and I kinda got special permission to bring a holo-game console onboard. Wanna play it? I brought along a bunch of the latest games too."
"Oh, do you have Attack on Vela VII?" she asked, with a hopeful intonation to her voice.
"As a matter of fact I do. Come with me, my dear," he said as he led her away by the arm, much to the dismay of nearly every other man in the game room who had been watching her play, usually from behind where she was standing.
Playing the holo-games didn't last long. Ryder pulled out his bottle of tequila and poured them both a drink as they relaxed on the small couch in his quarters. His room was actually larger than the typical quarters allotted to a Lieutenant, all due to his father's influence.
It wasn't long before the tequila started taking effect on them both, and had them giggling while watching some animated comedies - which turned to a kiss - then turned into kissing on his bed while she strategically moved his wandering hands to safe zones.
Ryder thought he was going to get what he wanted that day, but Jennie always seemed to know how to deny him carnal pleasures when in her company. This time her primary defensive weapon was his bottle of tequila. She really believed that if she were too easy he wouldn't respect her, and thus make her less attractive as a potential wife.
She could outdrink any bacho under the proverbial table any day of the week, and this day she put Ryder Johnson not only under the table, but passed out in his bed. Then thinking about what Bagatelle had asked her, she saw no harm in looking around his room a bit.
Making sure he was definitely passed out by prodding him a certain way (which would have most likely brought about an involuntary reaction if he were awake), she started going through his drawers, only to find nothing. Then she moved to his closet, where she only found his uniforms. The only realistic place was under the bed, and he was right there, with his head nearly hanging over the edge.
Kneeling down slowly, she quietly dropped into a pushup position and lowered herself, spying a trunk underneath. Curious, as it was not a regulation footlocker, she was about to pull it out and take a look when he heard a voice.
"Hey, what are you doing down there?"
Her heart almost stopped, but thinking fast, she pushed herself up, and then lowered herself.
"Five, six, seven, eight… Oh hey hon - you awake already? Ryder's been a naughty boy, hmmm?"
He totally fell for it.
"Wow Jennie, you're such a workout freak. Hmm, I've got an idea - why don't you do some pushups up here?"
It wasn't against regulations to have a non-military box of that type in their quarters, so she shrugged it off and put it in the back of her mind. She was sure everything was all right - after all, he would never do anything to jeopardize his most promising career path.
Climbing up onto the bed, she decided she would give him a bit more of herself - not everything, but pretty damned close.
Ryder woke up a few hours later, feeling around his bed but finding nothing. Looking up groggily, he saw a note written on his static wallboard.

Sweety, had a lot of fun, but I had to get ready for my duty cycle. See you on the flight deck -- Kisses 
Jennie

Most men would have welcomed such a note, and such a night, but Johnson wasn't like other guys - he was furious. He had wasted weeks trying to get in the girl's pants and couldn't even get to second base with her.
He was used to women of higher stature - women from good families, not sad little orphans.

At least rich women put out, he thought, she should have given it up on our first date, dumbass dega.

His family controlled his life - they were his life. He could do whatever he pleased to whomever he liked, including murder, and his father would make sure that someone else was found culpable - but when it came to bringing a wife home the woman had to be from a similarly connected family, and of their same racial subtype.
"Bed anything you like, but if you bring a dego baby home I'll disown you," his father had told him before he left for the university.
While emigrants to Azul had thrown off most of the old prejudices from Earth, some remained, and the egalitarian upper class of society constantly attempted to circumvent the laws that were created to keep all things available to all people - as long as they earned it fair and square.
If someone wanted to be a top military commander they could - they needed to attend the university (public universities were free), and then apply to attend the military academy. Of course, people with degrees in obscure Old-Earth Russian literature had certain obstacles to overcome, but it was all about working hard and planning. Then they would have to spend years moving up the ladder - not everyone is born to do that sort of work, but everyone is born with a talent - they just need to discover what it is.
Frustrated over his lack of success with Jennie, he dropped to the floor, pulling his unorthodox footlocker out from beneath his bed and pressing a combination of numbers on the lock. Opening the top he pulled out a brand-new side space video console and powered it up.
As the screen flickered to life, a face appeared in the display. An older, aristocratic-looking gentleman, roughly in his 70s, with steel-gray eyes, angular features, short gray hair and a pale complexion was staring back at the lieutenant.

"Father - we arrive soon," said the lieutenant, conveying no emotion to his voice.
Chapter 5 - Hello, Draagh

Max stayed hidden behind the fallen log; weapon trained on the interloper, and started to hysterically scream at the newcomer.
"Who?  --- Who the hell are… you? Are you from here? Answer me! Don't kill me! I'll destroy you! Dammit! Help!"
The older gentleman chuckled, and then burst out laughing, almost appearing to cry he was so amused.
"My son, my son…. please put down your weapon before someone gets hurt. I am not here to harm you in any way. I am simply here…. to meet you."
Max took some deep breaths and calmed his blood pressure.  He had a tendency to get very riled up in dangerous situations. When he was younger his parents basically forbade him from participating in group-based and/or one-on-one athletic endeavors, as he would get so worked up and competitive that he would injure his opponents and teammates alike.
Standing up slowly, Max lowered his weapon and gave a long hard look at the man sitting and casually smoking on a pipe. He had fairly long gray hair, a gray beard and mustache that were sporting various braids, and odd, layered black leather clothing. Completing the ensemble was a curiously ornate walking staff that was leaning against the log upon which he was sitting.
Sighing as if in resignation, Max gave him a sullen look, exhaling as if he had already given up.
"OK, please, who are you, where are you from and why are you here? I really don't want to die - yet."
Max started to kick the dirt around him as he waited for an explanation from the weird old man.
"May I stand without you pointing that ridiculous-looking death-stick at me?" queried the visitor, as he moved to raise himself up, albeit slowly. Max shrugged his shoulders, as if saying, sure, why not, and set the weapon back into its holster, but preferring to stay where he was - a good four meters away from the odd man. Waling up to the fire, the visitor gently tapped the contents out of his pipe, and then looked up at the brilliantly lit sky, partially visible off the edge of the natural canopy.
"My son, we see the stars, but do we really know what they are? Or what the nature is of the universe around us?" The uninvited visitor took a small satchel out of a pocket inside his great leather coat, and put a pinch of something leafy-looking in his pipe.
"I have come a great distance to meet with you, Maximilianus. By the way, may I call you Max? I think it sounds much better, and as I am considerably long-winded in my speech, perhaps it would be beneficial to all parties involved if I reduced some words by a syllable or two every now and then."
"OK, sure," said Max. "Actually, that's what everyone called…. hey, just a minute! How do you know my name?"
The man looked at Max with a kindly expression and said, "Yes, my son. I know your name. In fact, I have known you since you were born."
"How is that?" asked Max, trying to piece together how some old hippy guy on Earth, number one, knew his name, and number two, was alive when there were absolutely no signs of human life - anywhere.
"You have done amazing things, Max. You were top of your class in the university, you were always honest and driven, and furthermore, you helped - no - you invented the technology around which the SSCC program revolves. Have you ever asked yourself just how you were able to achieve such things? Furthermore, why it is that you can sleep with only one eye shut, or why under stress you show incredible strength? How is it that you had the courage to put your life at risk and test your invention, coming all the way to a nearly-uninhabited planet with no previous knowledge that it would have even been here in the first place?"
"I ask myself a lot of questions, old man," responded Max. "Questions like, if I am insane and talking to an apparition of an old warrior that doesn't actually exist. Or maybe I am dead and I'm in Hell. Did I even survive the journey from Azul? Crap, anyway, being as I'm speaking to a ghost - what's your name?"
The man smiled softly, and then lifted the pipe to his mouth. Putting his forefinger to the bowl, a flame came out just below the fingernail as he puffed away, procuring light clouds of smoke and creating a pungent aroma at the same time.
"Cool trick," thought Max.
"My name is Draagh, although I have been known by many titles. I am the first of my line, one of the Prīmulī, and if you look at time in a linear fashion, I have been in existence for eons more than anyone can even count. I have seen the beginning of the current universe, of this galaxy, and many others. I saw the Exodus to Azul and I saw the fall of Earth. I have travelled to the furthest reaches of space, not limited even to this, what you call the Visible Universe. I have seen the rise and fall of magnificent empires, and some not so magnificent. I am an observer and a corrector, a teacher and a companion - and might I say, I really do think the stars are beautiful at night?"
Max gave Draagh an incredulous look, and then noticed he was still holding the bottle of Glenfiddich in his left hand. Looking back at Draagh he said, "OK, so you are super old, have seen a lot of stuff and you saw the fall of… whoa, wait… you know what happened here?"
Draagh gained a whimsical expression, his blue eyes twinkling in the firelight. Taking a small puff off his pipe, he lightly cleared his throat and said, "Yes, the fall of Earth. Quite tragic, really, but it could not have been avoided. No, no, no. That was a certainty. The only reason you stand here today is because one of your ancestors took a job with a certain corporation, and then ended up on an Exodus barge. In fact, if he would have gone out to coffee with a certain girl he fancied he would have left his phone at home, by accident of course. Then he would not have answered when a call came in for him to look into a particular job."
"A job? Where?" asked Max.
"At a bar in the city of Pasadena, California."
"Huh?" mumbled Max, unable to make a connection between a bar and being on an Exodus barge.
"My son, all things are interrelated. If your ancestor had not taken that job as a bartender, that is, one who prepares alcoholic beverages for guests, he would have never worked the happy hour shift and befriended a top executive at a particular company - a company, by the way, that was eventually purchased by a major corporation in the consortium that eventually developed the fleet of barges. Once this man's company was purchased, there was need for a senior level computer ops manager, and as your ancestor was educated in this discipline, he obtained the job, thereby unknowingly securing his passage on a barge during the Exodus. Isn't it funny how one thing leads to another, and then to another?"
Max nodded, interested, but still skeptical. "Alright, so I had an ancestor who somehow made it onto a barge, but what happened to the girl he was going to meet for coffee?"
Draagh squinted his left eye, as if in concentration.
"Hmmm, it seems to me that she was the one who had cancelled the coffee date, as her ex-boyfriend was pining for her to return and she gave in to his supplications. They married and had seven children, all of whom grew up to be spectacularly stupid criminals. So this young man, your ancestor, eventually married with a particularly beautiful woman, once they had emigrated to Azul. Of course, that is simply your mother's side of the family - your father's is a completely different issue. Smart people, they all were. On the bright side of things, you had no living ancestors on Earth when the invasion occurred. Oh, I did mention the invasion, did I not?"
"The fall of Earth is what you said. What happened here? I went to Lima and there was practically no life, and absolutely no sign of human remains. It's impossible that they would have disintegrated after only a few hundred years, even exposed to the elements. I mean, my instruments would have picked up massive residual DNA at the very least."
Draagh nodded his head in the affirmative while saying, "Yes, my son. It was quite tragic - quite tragic, indeed. Not a trace left - invaders of a really nasty sort. They were looking for particular natural resources, as are most invaders. Earth forces did not take kindly to an alien race simply showing up, uninvited. The invaders attacked, and a war ensued."
"Hmmm… a war? What do you mean?" Max asked excitedly. He was starting to get interested.
"Oh the war! Brilliant! Mankind at its finest! All nations came together, leaving behind all of their old prejudices. They simply fought for survival against the threat of the invaders. The Vrol, that's what they are called - the Vrol. Virulent creatures, they are. Much like intergalactic insects, with no individuality. So, eventually coming together, Earth forces had practically destroyed the Vrol, despite its advanced technology. Pure grit, I must say," said Draagh while displaying a bright expression, his eyes momentarily growing big, as he proceeded to reload his pipe. "So the last thing the Vrol could do was to try and decimate the entire population of the Earth, and they did so - out of spite. They did this with a particularly horrific piece of biological warfare. They polluted the entire water supply of the planet with a genetically-engineered amoeba. Unfortunately, this amoeba penetrated on contact with the skin or mucous membranes. Everyone perished; all perished with horrible, painful deaths. The transmission vectors were all over the planet - drinking water, in the shower, swimming pools, and lawn sprinklers - anywhere. The amoebas simply consumed all organic tissues, with an extreme fondness for calcium, hence - no bones! Anywhere!"
Max shuddered as he imagined dying slowly and painfully, watching as his bones dissolved while he was still alive.
"So, what you are saying is that there are no humans left on Earth? That it is basically a dead planet?" asked Max.
"No!" exclaimed Draagh. "Life always continues, my son, always. Life cannot be stopped. It may take centuries, or even eons, but life always manages to forge on ahead. Yes, yes it does. In fact, there are nomadic tribes of humans running about in areas where the infection could not be implemented. As the amoeba could not travel up into the atmosphere when the water evaporated, that same water went up and formed clouds. Clouds of pure, unadulterated water, and those clouds created rainfall that collected in places where there was no contamination! This was true especially in the higher altitudes. Of course, there were some smart humans who waited until the amoeba lifecycle ran its course, simply subsiding on bottled water products and anything else that had been sealed before the infection. Speaking of sealed, that whisky is perfectly fine, as I stated earlier. Would you mind sharing a bit with me? It has been so long since I tasted a fine single malt."
Max looked at Draagh with a quizzical expression and simply shrugged, saying, "Sure, I guess, but are you certain that it's ok to drink?"
Draagh pointed to Max's backpack, wearing a slight grin as he did so. "If you do not believe me, drop one of your little devices in it and perform an analysis. I do imagine you detected fossilized amoebas when you checked the area around Lima, did you not?"
"Yes, in fact I did. The computer couldn't identify them, but it said they were inactive, or even dead."
"Just so you know," said Draagh, "that whisky was bottled before the invasion. It is fine, so let us make a toast to a new friendship. I am sure we have much more to discuss before we depart."
Max pulled two sterile cups from his pack and filled them with the golden liquid, handing one to Draagh before returning to his seat on the log, as he had been standing during the strange man's entire string of monologues.
He thought he heard Draagh say depart, but let it waft to the back of his mind, interested in hearing more strange tales. In the worst-case scenario, he was dead and in Hell. In any other scenario it was completely up for grabs as to what had happened. He could be laying somewhere, sick, dying and simply having a magnificent hallucination, or he could really be sitting with an old man - who looked like a badass Viking - and was smoking a pipe.

Whatever.

The two sat back, sipping on delicious single malt whisky hundreds of years old, while looking up at the stars. Draagh again filled his pipe and puffed away, with Max noticing that the smoke made him feel quite relaxed.
"Hey, Draagh, what are you smoking? It's not tobacco, is it?"
Draagh snickered and almost coughed, but held back. "My son, this is an exotic herb that actually originated here on Earth. I believe its scientific name was cannabis sativa. It is quite relaxing. Would you like a puff?" Draagh went to hand the pipe to Max, who went to reach over, until a look of realization washed over his face.
"Whaaa? You're smoking pot? Oh. My. God! I never smelled it before, but we have it on Azul. I can't believe it. You're smoking weed. Man, this is weird."
Draagh waved his hands in the air, half snickering and half coughing, clearing away the ambient smoke floating around his head. "Oh no, no, no, my son. It doesn't affect me like it would a human. My system is much more resilient. In fact, my genome has roughly 127 billion base pairs, compared to a normal human's 3 billion. We are quite complex. Yes, quite, I must say."
Max had no desire to smoke any weed, as he started to feel the scotch working in his belly. He always loved that initial warm sensation, consequently followed by a delicious dulling of the mind. He poured more Glenfiddich into their cups, filling them to the brim. Taking a more comfortable position on the ground and leaning back against his log, Max was far more relaxed and accepting of this odd turn of events, and the whisky was certainly helping. He had escaped Azul, successfully tested the hook drive, and arrived at Earth. Then he had investigated a major city commercial area, gone to Machu Picchu, and then strangely made a new friend who popped up out of nowhere. He knew that Federation forces were on their way to get him, but he had another couple of days at least, and if this Draagh fellow had popped up out of nowhere, perhaps he could help in getting him to a safer location.
"Draagh, I have a question. If you knew I was coming here, and you knew all about my life, then you probably know who's coming after me, right?"
Draagh, also relaxing back against a log, nodded his head. "Yes, Max. There are coming. They will reach Sol system, as you call it, by tomorrow afternoon, and then need another day to get into orbit around Earth. Why do you ask?"
Max shot him a look of spite. "Wait, you know this, and yet you sit here hitting on a pipe and drinking whisky? I really need to make some plans, because there is no way I can go back without showing some sort of success on this trip. It was an incredible risk I took in the first place. Hey! Can you tell me where the surviving humans are? Maybe I can go there."
Draagh shook his head side to side, looking down slightly. "No my son. There is no need. We can stay right here. Do not worry, my son. No, no, no. There is nothing to worry about at all. I have a wondrous plan that will all come to fruition quite soon. We are quite safe! Such excitement! This will be most brilliant!" Draagh shot his fist up in the air, almost in a victorious fashion.

Great, thought Max, he's loaded. I'm so screwed.

Max woke up to the sounds of birds singing as they jumped from branch to branch in the thick vegetation overhead. His fire had self-extinguished due to lack of attention, but it had only been for effect anyway. His sensor perimeter would have protected him in any case, and the weather in the Urubamba Valley was quite warm, even during the wintertime. Rubbing his eyes, he got up from his blanket and nearly spilling the opened bottle of whisky at his side.

Hmm, what a weird dream.

Staggering over to his ship, he went up the loading ramp and into the cargo hold.

God, I'm gonna need some pain killers.

He knew drinking on an empty stomach was always a bad bet, so he stumbled up to the gallery and pushed for a painkiller cocktail. Taking it out of the dispenser tray he moved across the aisle to his cabin, opened the door, and almost dropped his newly acquired medicine on the floor. There, on his bed, was Draagh, passed out, snoring, partially disrobed, and wearing what appeared to be some sort of cloth diaper.
"Nooooooo!" Max painfully yelled out. "Crap, it wasn't a dream!"
He backed up, tossed the pain med concoction down his throat and bounded up the stairs to the cockpit, sitting in the pilot's chair, trying to get his brain straight with his head in his hands and yelling, "A diaper. Oh my God, he's wearing a diaper! Draagh! Wake up!"
Max started clanging some scrap metal pieces together as Draagh tried to get out of bed, but ended up falling on the gray deck of the cabin. Then, quickly righting himself and dressing, he exited the small room with a slight stumble and a feeble smile.
"Good morning, my son," he said, in his most authoritative voice, "Shall I assist you in preparing to break the fast?"
"Huh?" replied Max as he dropped his scrap pieces, making loud clanging noises. He then stepped into the galley and grabbed some foodstuffs from the refrigerator. "Naw, that's ok. I'll cook up some desa. It's a camping trip, after all. Just a camping trip on a distant planet - where aliens wiped out the majority of humanity, and military forces are coming to kill me. No big deal - I'll cook. Not like it's weird or anything, right? Immortal Viking dude in a diaper?"
Max made a silly face, which was good. It showed he had come to terms with the fact that he was in the company of someone with perhaps the ability to save his hide, if it came down to that. Or at least he believed this to be true. Trotting out the back of the Machu Picchu, he used his Stinger on a low setting and torched some wood, starting the fire up again. He then set a screen over the flames and put down his cast iron skillet. Eggs and jraxon meat - that was on the menu. He didn't have coffee grounds, so they would have to settle for synth'd coffee from the dispenser, but it tasted good anyway.
Sitting on their respective logs, both men ate in silence. Draagh looked no worse for wear, as he ate the hot meal that Max had expertly prepared in a matter of minutes. Once finished, Max took their plates and set them down off to the side, and then looking at Draagh with a stern expression.
"Ok Draagh, can you tell me more? You said something about going somewhere, and I have a feeling that you left a lot out."
Draagh went for his pipe, but then reconsidered. "Max, last night our conversation went all over the place. That was simply normal, as we had met for the first time and you had numerous questions, but now I am going to speak, and I need for you to listen. I need for you to listen, understand and believe everything I am about to tell you. Are you fine with this?"
Max made a deadpan expression and nodded. "Ok, dude, I'm game. Speak away."
"There are many worlds in the universe. Yes, hundreds of trillions of worlds. In these many worlds there have been civilizations that have come and gone - empires that existed long before fish on Earth crawled out of the oceans and took their first breaths of deadly atmosphere. Mankind is not alone in the universe, as you already might have surmised. There indeed is an alien fleet on its way to Azul, and your people are alarmed - for good reason, I might add. Every society needs to do its utmost to protect itself, but time is not linear, nor is it in a loop. It is more like a - how can I put it - a bicycle wheel. Have you seen the wheels of a bicycle?"
Max nodded. He had bicycles when he was a child, so he was familiar with the concept of spoked wheels.
"There is a central hub, from which all of the spokes in the wheel emanate. So look at it like this. The Hub is the center of time. The Hub is timeless. Each spoke is a different timeline, but one such as myself can cross into different timelines if The Hub is used properly. It takes great skill, with only very few beings who are able to do this. However, I am one of them. I watched you from a faraway place for a very special reason. Do you remember how, when you were young and you went for physical checkups, your doctors always seemed to be aloof or disoriented upon performing your examination - if the checkup had anything to do with DNA?"
Max thought about it for a second, and he did remember this happening. He thought it was quite odd, and he also remembered his parents wafting off a bit after some doctor visits.
"Yeah, I remember something like that. I thought they were self-medicating or something." Max snickered a bit and then gave his apt attention to Draagh.
"So, my son. As you do remember this, it had a purpose. I did that to the doctors. Yes, it was necessary - necessary to hide your lineage - your nature and true heritage. Else, you would have been vivisected upon an operating table with no further thought."
Max got an alarmed look on his face, as well as a sickening feeling in the pits of his stomach.
"Um, Draagh, what lineage are you talking about? I should hide being half-dego? I'm just as proud of my dego side as my bacho side."
Draagh leaned back a bit and took a sip of his coffee, which by then had gone cold. Then, looking Max directly in the eyes he said, "Your lineage is from a very old subspecies of humanity. You must understand that there were many subspecies - Neanderthal, Cro-Magnon, Modern man, as well as others. The world - this world - it had… energies. It had organisms and features that no longer existed by the time modern society came about. We felt it necessary to prevent access to these energies, and for mankind to develop on his own, as he was most definitely not progressing in a timely fashion. As we go on and get to know each other better I will explain these things to you - and teach you. So, Max, you were not the only one protected. There were countless others on Azul, but there were also others, similar to me, in charge of them. I took a special interest in you for various reasons, but one being that others would simply pass on their recessive genes to further generations, never having had the chance to access their innate skills. You, however, have not been resigned to such a fate.
Being able to travel through time and space, as I am able to do, we observe, and in some cases, correct. Sometimes in order to correct, we must let tragedy strike. We must let many suffer, so that we may right the wrongs so unjustly thrust upon innocent billions. But this time, Max, we have a very important job to do. We will stop the suffering. It does not happen here, and it ends somewhere else, as this was simply a convenient place for us to meet. Anyway, I need to take you somewhere so I can further help you to realize your potential, and to prepare you for an incredibly dangerous, yet exciting job. However, I would like to take a little trip to a nearby location, so that you may see what you will eventually be up against. You are not to return to Azul - at least not right away, and we have precious little time, so I would ask that you come along with me. It will only take a few moments…. are you willing to come along?"
At first Max didn't like this. He had plans, and even though things were not good with his planet's military, he couldn't justify running off with some old Viking and leaving his ship. He gave Draagh a roguish expression, thought for a moment, and then shot off some questions in rapid-fire fashion.
"Will I lose my ship? Will it be safe? How will I get home?"
"Max," Draagh continued, "When I am done teaching you what you need to learn, you will not need a space ship."
Max reluctantly agreed, gave Draagh an archaic thumbs-up sign as the two of them stood up. "Come, my boy. Stand close to me, as you must be in the proximity of my staff."
With that, Max stood next to Draagh, who then tamped his staff into the ground with a mild concussive force, causing the two to disappear from the campsite, with nothing left of their presence save for a small whirlwind of dust.

Chapter 6 - Hidden Agenda

"We enter Sol system in approximately 8 hours, Father. From there it could take anywhere up to 24 hours more to cruise into Earth orbit."
Ryder paused briefly before continuing, as he stared at the side space console vid screen. The last he had spoken to his father was some 18 hours prior, when he informed him of their proximity, but now that he had a more precise ETA he had initiated contact again.
"I am retrofitting my Draeder with supplementary fuel extraction equipment, and have stashed extended supplies on board. Once there I will install the side space transmitter arrays at the predefined locations and we should be good. Then I'll find Gunnarsson's ship and take command of it, giving us our own personal SSCC transport. As the plan goes, once I get his ship I will crash my Draeder and move to a hidden location with Gunnarsson's craft and wait until the fleet departs back for Azul. I'll be listed as missing in action. From there we'll rendezvous at our base on Vela."
The plan went further - once his father's scientists had successfully stolen/extracted all of the SSCC technology and could build hooks drives for a virtually derelict fleet of barges left over from the Exodus, he would take Gunnarsson's ship back to Azul and return the hero. He would claim he had bailed out of his Draeder after being shot down by Gunnarsson, and then killed the man in hand-to-hand combat. Then, after some weeks, would have found the traitor's ship and returned it to Azul military. Then he would be able to assist his father with the continuation of their nefarious plans.
Councilman Johnson beamed with pride; his son was implementing a plan hatched long ago - the re-conquest of Earth. For too long he had been biding his time, surrounded by weaklings who were all too willing to live a peaceful existence. Councilman Johnson wanted power, and he was going to get it, thanks to Max Gunnarsson's discovery of faster than light travel.
"Son, I am pleased. Do not let me down. Maintain secure transmissions at all times, and immediately let me know Earth status once you have entered Sol system."
The screen went blank, and Lt. Johnson put the console back into the footlocker, pushing it back under the bed. He showered up and got ready for his duty cycle, and thought he perhaps had one more chance to get Jennie into his bed.

In the forward section of the massive spacecraft, Rear Admiral Bagatelle stood on the bridge, overlooking the mad display of colors until it caused his eyes to ache.
"Turn screen opaque," he commanded. He knew they would arrive at Sol system in just a few hours, and as it was completely new to anyone from his planet, he didn't know what to expect. He only knew the mission at hand. He had to capture or kill Maximilianus Gunnarsson, and reacquire the upstart's vessel before anyone else did.
Bagatelle had issues back home, and was constantly battling with the authorities over the proper course of action. His biggest headache was Councilman Len Johnson. He had long known that Councilman Johnson had coveted power. It was the man's nature - he was always trying to lead discussions and operations on the Security Council. In fact, he even tried to take over military operations at one time, albeit in a very sideways manner. Knowing something was seriously up with Johnson's son, who had been a last-minute placement on the Revolution, he was hoping that Lt. Escalante would at least keep an eye out on the man.
He was very proud of her - all of her accomplishments, everything done alone and without help. She was the polar opposite of Johnson, who was born into a powerful family and had every luxury handed to him as he grew up. He was only in the military to satisfy a requirement anyway - anyone serving on the Security Council must have performed military service in a commissioned capacity.

Jennie went about her duty schedule, but also intended to give Ryder a bit of a sideshow. Entering the flight deck, she crossed diagonally to the ops booth, weaving in-between Draeder attack fighters, which were all lined up in perfect formation. She knew that he would see her, so she walked a bit more slowly than usual, and put a tad more swing in her hips.
Just a little, enough to be subtly sexy.
Through the corner of her eye she saw Johnson and pretended not to see him, but she knew he was watching her. He was working on his Draeder, which was not unusual. Although this was generally the work of the myriad of techs on the flight deck area, he liked to take care of his own craft. He seemed to be quite protective of the general area around his ship, waving techs off who had offered assistance. Nevertheless, she sat down in the ops booth and started going through flight recordings to make sure that none of the Draeders had suffered equipment or system failures in the recent past.
Moving on, she finished her work looking over the flight logs and moved on to her next duty station, which happened to be the surveillance level's vid deck. Entering the large, expansive room full of screens, she nodded courteously to the lead tech, and then took out her list.
"I'll be going over footage in the editing bay. I am not to be disturbed."
The tech again nodded and said, "Aye-aye, Ma'am," and obediently turned back to his duties, surveying every square inch of the ship, minus living quarters. This was helpful in certain situations, if one knew what he/she was looking for, but this was a tech, and he was just looking for normal abnormalities, such as conduit leaks or broken door sensors.
Jennie shut the door behind her and sat down at the main screen in the editing bay, where she turned on live cams and zoomed into where Johnson was working on his craft. She wanted to get a close-up of his cute butt and then take some snaps of it and tease him later.
She was really considering spending the night with him, although it made her nervous thinking about it. She wasn't sure if it was the right time, as she wanted so much more with him. Zooming in on his location she saw nothing unusual - just someone being slightly anal about his attack vehicle, which made her giggle.
God, he's such a perfectionist, she thought. She knew in her heart that she could really compliment him in life and help him to reach his true potential - all he needed was a little prodding in the right direction.
She checked some other sectors on different consoles and then went back to her zoomed view on his posterior, but this time she noticed him look around suspiciously and remove a 1 by ½ meter device out of a box and place it up into the cargo storage of his Draeder. She then saw him lift up some thick tubing and shove it up into the same cargo area.
He's loading up gear so he can refuel himself on Earth!
Earth, like Azul, was full of saline oceans, and saline oceans had deuterium. Deuterium powered fusion-ion drives, as well as atmo concussion boosters, but Draeders carried enough deuterium to last two weeks at full burn. Johnson had no need for refueling gear.
Tempted to contact Commander Bagatelle immediately, she held off and started to record Ryder's activities, which were in direct violation of orders and protocols. She made an educated guess that he was planning to stay on Earth, but as the details of the mission were completely transparent to all officers, she had no idea where his orders came from - most certainly not Admiral Bagatelle.
Once Ryder had stored everything he needed for his mission, he made a beeline to his quarters and again pulled out his footlocker, unlocking it and opening up the side space video console. His father's familiar face appeared in the screen.
"Father, we are nearly in Sol System. My ship has been adequately prepared for the extended operation. I will -"  
Councilman Johnson immediately interrupted his son. "Stop. There is a change in plans."
"Father?"
"Our side space orbital probe detected Gunnarsson's basic landing zone, and you are to go there immediately and engage him before Revolution's recon teams can find him. Here is what you are to do."
He watched the screen intently as his father gave him instructions that even unnerved the jaded young lieutenant.
Oh well, he thought. It was good while it lasted. Time for Plan B, I guess.
Jennie kept scanning all displays, and going back to her view on Ryder it appeared that he had left his Draeder and the flight deck, so she stopped the recording and decided the take the ball into her own hands. She felt she knew him, and didn't want to accuse the lieutenant of any wrongdoing, so she left her duty station and went to his quarters, where she had hoped he would he would be. She was positive that she had totally misunderstood the whole situation, and that there was a plausible explanation for everything.
As she approached his door she was surprised to see him exiting while holding the box from underneath his bed. He was also dressed down in his flight gear, which was unnecessary, as there would be no Draeders leaving the flight deck for at least some hours.
"Ryder - Hi… I saw you leave the flight deck and  - is everything OK?"
His face showed absolutely no surprise at all - he looked cool as a cucumber. He stared into the eyes of who could have been realistically considered his girlfriend, and simply lied through his teeth.
"Oh heya Jennie! Yeah, I'm just super excited and want to be ready. You know, I really want to be the one to apprehend that bastard traitor. It could really put me over the top, so if you and I were to do it together we could both benefit - I mean, I think we could make a really good team, don't you?"
Jennie melted a bit as all of her suspicions were easily pushed aside by the manipulative lieutenant. Opening his door, he asked her into his quarters. She entered, fully expecting him to give her the details of how they were to emerge as heroes. Turning around she watched as he set his mysterious box down and took her hands into his, her heart racing due to the fortunate turn of events.
"Jennie, I gotta tell you - being with you is really a lot of fun, and I was hoping that we could have had even more fun together, but it's not going to happen…"
"Huh?" she muttered, confused and shocked at his comment which he blurted out with no more passion than when someone was asking for a tomato in the mess hall line.
"Nope. No más. Sorry."

The last thing she remembered was him letting go of her hands, followed by a flash.

Jennie woke up to the sound of alarms and the flashing of a red, rotating light in the room where she was. Her head ached and she felt a definite pain in the middle of her chest. Still dazed, she grabbed the bed frame to her side to help lift herself up, and looking around noticed that she was in Ryder's quarters.
Unable to think clearly, the cacophony of sounds - mixtures of alarms and alerts bells - made her head ache even more. She needed to think clearly, so she sat down on the bed.
"Ryder - flight suit. Box in his hands. Team… no más. Oh shit," she thought to herself as the disassociated images ran through her head, finally coalescing into rational thought.
Ryder had stunned her and was probably the cause of the alarms, but she had no idea how bad the alarms were. She still tried to convince herself that he was simply out to be a hero, and that his nature forced him to do it on his own - but why would he stun her?
Gathering herself up, she made for the door. She needed to see what was happening. Exiting Ryder's quarters she saw techs running everywhere - it was absolute pandemonium, and was not typical of a drill - something bad had happened.
Stopping a young female ensign, she demanded answers as to what had happened.
"Ensign - report. Now! What has happened?"
The younger woman looked at her superior officer with distraught eyes and said, "Lieutenant - where have you been? The second we dropped out of side space someone blew the airlock, and then flew out without even activating the atmosphere lock field. We've lost dozens of Draeders, pilots and techs… they're floating out there - dead in space."
The atmosphere lock field, as the ensign called it, was an energy barrier, separating the safe atmosphere of the flight deck from the vacuum of space.
The young woman looked at Jennie as she started to shed tears. Jennie was about to cry too, now realizing that she had been betrayed. She didn't want to believe that Ryder had created their current disaster, but all indications led to that hypothesis. She sent the ensign on her way and went directly to the command bridge.
Running up onto the command center she found everyone in a state of panic. Weapon fire erupted, Bagatelle was barking out commands, and on the giant display panel she saw a lone Draeder blasting away on full fusion-ion propulsion, with the Revolution desperately trying to blow it out of the sky. Further, to her horror, she saw dozens of ships, equipment and people floating dead in space, having been sucked into the void due to the lack of a lock field when the flight deck bay doors had opened.
"Escalante, where have you been?" yelled Bagatelle, sporting a small dripping of blood from the corner of his mouth. He had been chewing on his lip again, as he usually did when he was under extreme stress. "Report!"
Jennie was in a near state of panic, not knowing what had happened. She just stood looking at the screen with her jaw agape. Then it started to creep in.  I'm responsible. She looked at her commanding officer and stuttered, not being able to form the words that she needed to say.
"Sir, I was watching Lt. Johnson attempting to load what appeared to be some contraband equipment onto his Draeder, so I followed him when he left the flight deck. He… invited me into his cabin and then I think he stunned me, because I woke up to alarms, and this on my chest."
She pointed at a light burn mark on her uniform, which Bagatelle glanced at and then nodded, followed by a stern look.
"Did you happen to record any of his activities?"
"Yes sir. I was in the editing bay when it happened. I was watching him, as you requested, when I saw him doing something unusual."
She partially lied - yes she was watching him, but she was looking at his butt, and wasn't concerned with any sort of surveillance. She knew that if she told her commanding officer what she was really doing she could be brought up on charges. She had been betrayed, used, and she was starting to get really pissed off about it. She went to the command console and brought up vids of the flight deck and zeroed into Johnson's activities not long before.
Bagatelle scanned through the video and closed his eyes with a look of remorse. There was nothing any of them could have done, as this had to have been timed perfectly. The escaping Draeder was identified as Johnson's, and the lieutenant knew exactly where they were in side space. A pilot was not able to fly the Draeder of another, as each craft had a psionic connection to its designated user. Logs showed that the bay doors had been opened mere moments after hitting normal space, so, in reality, there was not a whole lot they could have done, given the circumstances.
Bagatelle continued to give Jennie a sharp look, but then relaxed a bit, saying, "In truth, Lieutenant, I believe I was too late to the game. I should have acted sooner on my suspicions. Now we have to hunt down another fugitive, and I have a feeling I know which one is the more dangerous of the two."
Swinging his body around, he roared, "GET THOSE SHIPS BACK INSIDE NOW!"
Jennie took a deep breath and dropped her shoulders, but was still immensely concerned about the current state of crisis.
"Sir, how can I be of assistance?"
Bagatelle looked frantically around the bridge, scanned the view screen, and then turned to the attractive lieutenant.  "Jennie, I need you to put on a pressure suit and run a mag-cat with a grappler on the outside of the hull. Help to get those Draeders back onto the flight deck."
The lock field had been activated by a quick-thinking tech, only moments after Johnson had fled with in his Draeder, so only a couple dozen of the deadly attack craft had been lost. Unfortunately, nearly all flight deck techs on duty, and some 17 pilots lost their lives, and they most certainly were not recoverable.
Bagatelle turned to a senior officer nearby and said, "Get a security team to the quarters of Lt. Ryder Johnson and turn that room upside-down. Find out what the hell he was up to, and see if we can get a clue as to what his intentions are." He was starting to piece the puzzle together with a bit more clarity now.
The recovery operation was long and arduous. As the Revolution had dropped out of side space at nearly zero velocity, it had to remain in place while crews worked to salvage whatever they could. Once they had gathered everything possible in their vicinity - eight Draeders and the bodies of some eight techs and three pilots - the Revolution made for Earth on full burn. The massive warship, although not very maneuverable, was faster in a straight line than any Draeder, so in reality they were only 30 minutes behind Johnson's craft, even though they had spent a good two hours cleaning up the mess he made.
Jennie finished with the cleanup effort and retired to her cabin, where, on her desk she saw a bottle of that expensive tequila and a note written on her static wallboard.

Jennie, sorry we didn't have a chance to get together, but we'll meet again soon.
Count on it.
Ryder

The note was not a kind goodbye letter - it was taunting and cruel. What kind of a sociopath was he? She thought he was a bit rough around the edges, but had great promise, and he just ended up being a murderer. She started to cry and beat her fists against the wall, nearly taking the tequila bottle and smashing it, but just stopping herself short of doing so. She would not be weak. She was going to save that bottle, and every time she saw it she would be reminded of his betrayal. She vowed to track Ryder Johnson down and bring him to justice.

No. I am going to kill him.

Lt. Johnson rounded the backside of Earth's sole satellite, and starting preparing atmospheric re-entry vectors. While no one on the Revolution was even sure that Earth still existed, Johnson knew it did, for a fact. His father had a team of scientists working on a side space probe that auto-dropped right into Earth's orbit some months ago. This enabled them to verify Earth's existence and to analyze the planet quite thoroughly, all the while acting as if they were waiting on the Military Complex to make a first contact via the hook drive. It was all an elaborately planned ruse, and getting the probe to Earth was complete luck anyway. Councilman Johnson's science teams had gleaned enough information out of military research to put together a small SSCC drive for the device - but building a massive one, able to propel a large ship through side space was on a completely different level.
Johnson's smile behind his full-face helmet wasn't one of happiness or joy - it was one of ruthless ambition and victory. It was victory at the expense of a mighty warship and maybe hundreds of dead crewmen. Almost completely amoral in the application of his father's plans, he felt absolutely no regret for what he had done. The only regret he had was that he had not conquered Jennie Escalante. He wanted to meet up with her again one day, pour that entire bottle of tequila down her throat before having his way with her, and then throw her off a cliff. That was his true nature.

Chapter 7 - Vid Time
	
Max stood next to Draagh, feeling disoriented, as it was his first time teleporting. In reality, he had no idea what had just happened, until Draagh started giving him a detailed explanation.
"Max, please stand here for a moment, my boy. The first time is always a bit nauseating. We just performed a 3D slip. That is, we arrived at specific X, Y and Z coordinates, and have traveled over 7,000 kilometers in a fraction of a second."
Draagh beckoned Max to take a seat on a chair less than a meter away. They appeared to be in a room with ancient-looking computers and racks full of servers and archaic network switches. Draagh strolled over to a computer and flicked through it, bringing up what was called a website, in a quaint GUI on the computer screen. Max gathered himself and scooted his chair over closer to his strange new friend.
"Draagh, what are we doing here, and where is here?"
Draagh gave the young man a concerned look, and stated, "We are in what used to be an IT department, in a building in Los Angeles, California, in the former United States of America. This had eventually turned into an underground operation, as the government banned the totality of electronic communications that were not approved by the censorship boards, all in the name of fairness and equality, of course."
Max noted the sarcasm in Draagh's voice and turned to the screen as the old sage continued.
"This facility had archived exabytes of data from what was a free Internet, which had enabled mankind to learn and communicate on a scale unheard of in its history. Unfortunately, politicians were not fond of the fact that this form of communication also exposed their crimes and weaknesses, so they banned it."
Max nodded, watching Draagh navigate through the archaic interface, using a small, handheld sliding device that he moved along a pad on the desk, occasionally pressing on a button on the device, which caused clicking sounds. When his new friend found what he was looking for, he clicked what was called a link, causing a small vid to play. Max watched in horror as amateur vid footage showed the Vrol invasion on the ancient vid display (Azul technology had provided semi-transparent holographic vid displays for decades).  Black-colored, organic-looking ships were gliding through the air, the skin of the crafts undulating and shifting, as horrid creatures, resembling giant bats, exited from the larger vessels, as if they were smaller attackers themselves. In fact, they were the aerial attack troops, the Vrol having a flying warrior caste that did significant damage over the ground, while the organic-looking ships fought Earth fighters, themselves looking outclassed and backwards in comparison.
Draagh gave Max a forlorn look and shook his head side to side. "This was the beginning of the invasion, Max. These are the creatures that destroyed this planet, without mercy, without hesitation or compunction. Now I already told you, yes, I already told you the Vrol were nearly defeated out by Earth forces, but that resulted in the amoeba infection being unleashed and wiping out almost every last man, woman and child, as well as much of the fauna - but do you know what is even more perverse than that, my son? The amoeba infection also killed the Vrol's own troops. Yes, my boy. They massacred their own just to defeat the humans. So, once they arrive at a world nothing can stop them. They bring death. They are death."
Max continued to stare at the screen, horrified at what he was watching.
"But Draagh," inquired Max, "why did you bring me here to show me this? Don't you have any technology like we do, such as a portable console?"
Draagh nodded his head and responded, "Yes, my son. I could have simply conjured an infoscreen to show you all of this, but I felt it important for you to see from the eyes, the ears and the technology of your ancestors, so you could understand the severity of this. Also, so you would realize they must be eliminated, wherever they are encountered, wherever they exist. You see, Max, that alien race, the one that is heading toward Azul, is the Vrol."
Draagh shut off the computer and stared into the blackness of the paper-thin chip monitor upon which they had viewed the invasion vid. Pensive for but a moment, he looked at Max, who sat, in a practical state of shock, when he then turned away from the young man.
Nearly unwilling to believe what he had just seen, he looked at Draagh, who had his again back to him, and said, "Is this why you came here, why you found me?"
Draagh slowly nodded his head up and down, still looking away. "Max, are you willing to come with me? I need to take you somewhere so you may learn. There are abilities you are unaware of that you possess, and the only place I can teach you to use these abilities is somewhere far away. Are you willing, my son?"
"Of course!" cried Max. "Anything, anything at all. I can't allow this to happen to my world, my people! This is crazy! Do we have time to do this?"
Draagh regained his composure enough to slide Max a slight grin. "Oh yes, my son. Do you not remember it will be years before that alien fleet, the Vrol, arrive at Azul? We most certainly have time, but before we go we have one more thing we must do. We must go back to your ship and wait for the military to arrive."
"Whaaaaat?!?" exclaimed Max. "We have to wait for the military? But, but… they want to kill me!"
Draagh chuckled lightly as he thoughtfully stroked his beard and braided mustache. "Leave that to me, my son. Even during the short duration of your pursuer's trip across space, things have changed. Yes, things have changed quite a lot."
Draagh grabbed Max under his arm and lifted him up, then tamped his staff into the ground yet again, causing concussive waves to knock the workstation chairs back, and tumbling end over end.
The two were gone in a flash.

###

As the Revolution entered Earth orbit the airlock alarm sounded, but this one a mere warning that it was being properly initiated. Pilots ran to their Draeders and techs scrambled all over the flight deck, preparing the remaining Draeders for immediate launch. One by one, they lined up and passed through the lock field, the only thing separating them from the cold grip of death in space.
As the attack craft blasted out of the Revolution, Admiral Bagatelle was observing the entire operation from the bridge, with Lt. Commander Vasquez and Lt. Escalante at his sides, to his right and left, respectively. Turning to his right, he instructed Vasquez to order a spread formation over the western coast of the South American continent, where Johnson's last activity had been traced on lidar. She sat down at her command console and began giving instructions, coordinating the squadrons into effective sweep and search patterns. Then, turning to his left, he gave Jennie a concerned look.
"Lieutenant, I know you want to be part of the operation as we have more Draeders than pilots, but I need to you stay here for now. I plan on apprehending Gunnarsson myself, and when I go, I am taking you with me. Understood?"
Jennie snapped to attention. "Sir! Yes, Sir!"
Bagatelle couldn't help but crack a small smile, with Lt. Escalante being so professional at all times. His pride in her grew on a daily basis.
"Ok, Lieutenant - back to your duty cycle. We must stay on schedule."
Jennie spun around and headed to the galley, where she would grab a handful of beef and eat voraciously while going to her next duty station, reviewing electrical subsystems that fed into the hook drive. They needed to be 100% certain that Johnson didn't somehow sabotage the hook apparatus, stranding them there, light years away from their home world.
Lt. Commander Vasquez turned and looked at her commanding officer, displaying a touch of concern on her face.
"Sir, she really doesn't know… does she?"
Bagatelle kept staring at the massive view screen and the smaller, individual flight readout screens that encircled the primary display.
"No. Not yet… and neither do you, Lt. Commander."

###

Out near the Peruvian coastline, Lt. Johnson circled over the once-beautiful city of Mira Flores while looking for any signs of visitation by Gunnarsson. The side space relay in orbit around the planet had identified Gunnarsson's ship in that area, but due to the typically heavy cloud cover on the Peruvian coastline it was unable to track his current whereabouts, as clouds interfered with lidar. He brought his Draeder down onto a street, close to some indentions in the heavy, but ancient concrete. Getting out, he ran over and verified that the landing pads on Gunnarsson's craft had created the indentions.
Frikin' piece of crap. He could have gotten something better, but that bastard Ali is always looking to make an extra buck.
Johnson knew Ali. In fact, he was the one who had contracted Ali to seek out Gunnarsson and sell him a transport craft, but it was supposed to be a much newer model, not an aging piece of garbage that smelled like cows. Johnson's father had Gunnarsson under surveillance, so they were well aware of his activities - it was simply a matter of making Ali available. To make things worse, Ali went and blabbed to a local military annex, looking to make a quick peso, which he wasn't supposed to do. The plan almost fell apart from that moment. The only thing that had saved it was Gunnarsson's own resourcefulness and ability to get his ragtag hook drive installed in a timely fashion. Even then, he barely escaped the military - the military that wasn't even supposed to know what was going on in that workshop.
Councilman Johnson's original plan was much more elegant. They were going to let Gunnarsson finish his craft in secret, then shoot him in the head and take it to their own laboratory. After having reverse-engineered the craft, they would retrofit the ancient Exodus barges and go to Earth with no one the wiser.
Johnson looked at handheld environmental analysis module and saw what resembled a faint ion trail - just what a Draeder, or a transport craft, would leave in its wake. So, wanting to follow the trail before it completely dissipated, he jumped back into his Draeder and lifted off, at the same time assuming that his former companions were on their way to find him. He had to find Gunnarsson, and fast. He was less concerned with being discovered by Bagatelle's troops, as he had spent two days removing every single transmitter beacon from his ship. However, he could still be detected by lidar if above the cloud cover, so he went fast and low over the flat plains of Lima, matching elevation as he approached the mighty Andes, which formed an impressive backdrop to the dead city.

Draagh and Max popped in right from where they had left, their breakfast plates still sitting on the ground. The old man grabbed whatever he could put into his hands, and Max did the same, both walking with long strides to the ship, which had been left open during their absence.
Quickly throwing everything they could into the galley, Draagh instructed Max to leave the fire burning. He was able to hide them from outside view, but the fire would leave a lingering scent that he did not desire to mask. Max didn't quite understand the whole meaning of that, but followed instructions anyway.
After cleaning up the campsite they sat at the bottom of the Machu Picchu's loading ramp, watching and waiting for signs of anything. Suddenly, they heard the distinctive sound of a Draeder scream overhead. Max ran out to the edge of the canopy and saw the ship circle around, obviously scanning the area for the Machu Picchu.
"Hey, if they land, will they be able to locate us?" asked Max. Draagh simply smiled as he pulled out his pipe, torching up some more of his beloved herb.
"We are expecting visitors, but not the pilot of that craft. Something has happened, and that pilot is not part of the reconnaissance team. His motive is much more sinister, as is his lineage."
Max looked at Draagh with a concerned expression and asked, "What is this stuff you keep saying about lineage and so forth? You said I was a Neanderthal or something last night."
Draagh chuckled under his breath and took a long draw from his slender pipe, blowing out smoke rings from his nose, which Max actually thought was pretty cool.
"My son, we all have lineage. I have lineage, you have lineage, as does that pilot, but what makes us different is that we three have different lineages. Well, let me take that back, yours is much closer to mine than his is to yours. There are reasons for this that I cannot explain here, but most assuredly will do so once we reach our destination - or perhaps sooner."
"So just when do we go to this destination? Why wait here? Can't we just pop out like we did to Los Angeles?"
Draagh simply kept staring out through the entrance to the canopy, which was so faithfully camouflaging them from aerial view.
"My son, we are waiting for someone. This is necessary. They need to know what they must do while we are gone. It is that simple. All will be revealed in good time, yes, in good time."  
Then Draagh laid back and dozed off, lightly snoring, while Max freaked out and started going through all of his supplies.

Orbiting around Earth on the Revolution, Rear Admiral Bagatelle was in his quarters changing his uniform, as he was soon to leave the massive ship. As he went through his gear bag, he had multiple scenarios running through his head, but he started to think about the interrogation of the merchant who had sold the transport to Gunnarsson.
When that merchant, Ali, went to that little annex and reported on Gunnarsson's activities, he believed he was going to receive a monetary award, when all it did was end him up in an interrogation cell. Bagatelle had watched via vid console as intelligence officers asked Ali the same questions over and over again, trying to glean any extra, valuable bits of information out of the man. The one thing that remained in Bagatelle's mind was that Gunnarsson told Ali he was going to name his ship the Machu Picchu. Bagatelle locked Ali down, with strict orders to not reveal that they even had him in the first place. This was considered military security, and he didn't want the Security Council to be aware of everything that he knew. His level of mistrust for Councilman Johnson was unparalleled. Of course, he planned to apprehend Gunnarsson before the lad could leave Azul airspace, but this didn't happen, resulting in The Revolution being outfitted with the hook and then traveling back to the place where humanity began. It wasn't until after Gunnarsson had escaped that it dawned on him that the young scientist might go to the mythical Machu Picchu, his ship's namesake. He was glad that he had kept that information to himself all this time, especially now that Lt. Johnson had gone rogue, without a doubt on a mission for his corrupt father.
Bagatelle called Lt. Escalante on private comm channels and ordered her to prepare to leave for the planet on his private transport, Retriever. He tried to think why he was bringing her, but for some reason he couldn't pinpoint it. He just felt it was the right thing to do.
He exited his cabin with a gear bag in hand and made for the executive flight deck (which wasn't affected during the cruel sabotage committed earlier).
When he arrived Jennie was waiting for him with her own gear bag in hand. She had changed into her khaki field uniform and black, heavy-duty boots. He walked up to her and opened his bag, pulling out a Stinger in a holster and handing it to her.
"Here, you might need this down there."
She took the weapon and wrapped the holster belt around her slender waist, while wearing a smoky-eyed look of confidence. They entered the craft and the doors slowly shut behind them. Then, entering the cockpit, he deferred the captain's chair to her.
"Jennie, take us out. Here are the coordinates. Once we leave the ship we maintain radio silence unless absolutely necessary," he said as he handed her a note with some numbers scribbled onto it.
"Yes, sir!" she responded, and expertly lifted the craft off the deck and floated it toward the airlock field.
Once Retriever was outside the airlock, it made a straight line for the equator. South America was on the other side of the planet; The Revolution being on the dark side, and it was daytime in the western hemisphere. Jennie brought the craft into a smooth orbit going clockwise, 300 km above the planet's surface, curving around to meet up with the predefined destination in the coordinates that Bagatelle had given her.
As they flew along, the commander sat in his chair, going over data on his portable console, which he used to communicate directly with Lt. Commander Vasquez, bypassing radio channels and maintaining radio silence. Fleet fighters had not yet ascertained Johnson's location, but kept to their sweep patterns, which they hoped would eventually bear fruit. Bagatelle at first only wanted to track down Gunnarsson and nothing more, believing him to be the biggest traitor in the history of Azul, but as time passed he started second-guessing himself.
Why would this young man do what he did? What did he have to gain? Was he working in conjunction with Councilman Johnson, or even some other nefarious organization, of which he, Bagatelle, had no knowledge? Or was he simply an idealist, eager to prove his theories and see them put into action? He pushed that all aside when Jennie interrupted his thoughts.
"Sir, we approach the Peruvian coastline. As ordered we are staying under 1000 meters altitude and cruising in at Mach 3."
Bagatelle simply nodded and went back to his portable console, completely confident in his junior officer's skills in the captain's chair.
Minutes later, he looked out and saw endless square kilometers of lush rainforests down below. It really was a beautiful sight; the incredible green foliage covering everything in all directions. He felt the craft begin to slow and bank out to port, indicating that Jennie was bringing it in for a landing. She had identified a clearing to the side of the ruins of Machu Picchu where they could safely touch down.
Extending landing gear, she set the craft on a flat plain, as close as she could to what had once been a switchback road, leading up to the excavation site from the river below, which now was almost completely hidden with vegetation. They popped out of their seats, with Jennie deferring to the commander for first exit of the craft, and both stepped out onto the lush grass and smelled the air.
It smells different than Azul, she thought. Similar yet different.
Bagatelle looked at her and said, "Lieutenant, be at your ready at all times. We have no idea what is out here. Worse yet, Gunnarsson could be waiting to ambush us."
Jennie nodded in the affirmative and set out with her commander. She wanted to show him that she was capable of doings things right, as she still felt guilty about Johnson's devastating escape - this time she wouldn't fail him - or her planet.

Hundreds of meters below, hidden near the edge of the powerful Urubamba river, Max was shaking Draagh, trying desperately to wake him up.
"Draagh! Hey Draaaaagh!" he half-yelled, half-whispered. "Someone's here. They landed up in the ruins... Draagh!"
The old man murmured and rubbed his eyes, then looked around as if in a slight stupor. He picked up his pipe, which had fallen on the loading ramp, and tapped out the contents, then replaced it in a pocket in his leather jacket. Max looked at him with a panicked expression, and Draagh could tell that the young man was about to go into anxiety mode.
"Max, my boy. Calm yourself. Nothing bad will befall us. Please, just have a seat."
Max took some slow, deep breaths, as was his practice whenever he got worked up, and took a seat on the cold, hard metal of the loading ramp. He sat, trying to relax for a few minutes before saying, "Draagh, didn't you say that you could hide us, that no one could see us, only smell us, or something like that? Are we invisible yet?"
Draagh gave Max a beaming grin. "Oh, they can see us, alright. Yes they can. Yes. The question is, will they come here to greet us? This is quite a large area, and it appears that they are on foot, but as we left the fire going, they should be able to locate us."
Max almost fell into a manic state, and was, of course, completely helpless. He couldn't take off in his ship - he would be blown out of the sky. All he could do was wait and trust Draagh - with his life.
It was only minutes after Draagh made that statement that two military officers were standing at the entrance of the natural canopy tunnel that housed the Machu Picchu. Max saw a fit, clean-shaven older man of dego extraction in a khaki admiral's field uniform, with his head held up high, and a smaller, but extremely attractive dega female at his side, who was also holding a Stinger, and it was pointed directly at them.
"Draagh. I think they can see us. Yeah, I'm pretty sure. Ooooh boy. We're so screwed" 
Chapter 8 - Busted, with Benefits

"Maximilianus Xavier Gunnarsson, you are under arrest for the theft of Federation technology, and for traveling outside of Azul System without proper permits and licensing. Come with us peacefully or I will execute you where you stand."
The young woman spoke with a voice of authority, without any hint of trepidation whatsoever. She pointed her weapon at his face and looked like she wanted to pull the trigger, but Max could only stare at her; she was so stunning.
He had only gone on a few dates in his life, and none of them ever looked like this. Although intelligent and well spoken, he generally turned into a bowl of mush around attractive females. He instantly regretted never having served on a ship, as scientific women never possessed this level of beauty. They were more…. plain.
Draagh looked up and slowly arose from his seated position on the loading ramp.
"My friends - please. There is no need for any weaponry. Come in, come in," as he beckoned them by making inward sweeping motion with his arm and half bowing at the same time.
The girl didn't budge and the man with her remained stoic and silent.
"We are not here to go in anywhere. Gunnarsson, surrender or you will be shot where you stand. Or, if you like, I can start with you, Earther," she growled as she glared at Draagh.
She trained her weapon on the old man's chest, but he started slowly moving toward her - his opened, mid-length jacket flowing behind, while Max stayed frozen on the loading ramp, unable to move. In fact, he tried to move, but he was somehow paralyzed. Draagh kept walking over to the two newcomers, when Max heard the woman calmly speak.
"I warned you. Now you die."
Roughly 100 charges rang out from the Stinger, hitting Draagh right in the chest. Max closed his eyes, not wanting to watch the massacre, and would have plugged his ears with his fingers, but was still unable to move his body.
Ok, now I'm done for. If I just sit here maybe they won't kill me. But he looked up, and surprisingly enough, Draagh continued walking toward to the other two. The woman fired off another volley with the same results, causing the man at her side to reach over, put his hand on her forearm and gently bring it down, causing her to lower the firearm in the process. Draagh wasn't affected in any way; even his clothing was unharmed.
Both looked shocked, but not terrified. They were much too well-trained for that - but they were alarmed for certain.
Draagh approached them within two meters and pulled out his pipe, this time without lighting it, and said, "My name is Draagh. Young Max here is my friend. How may we be of assistance?"
"We are here for the fugitive traitor Gunnarsson," the woman began, as Draagh waved her off, somehow rendering her speechless.
"Yes, yes, I know. We all know - the terribly dangerous fugitive, Maximilianus Gunnarsson! Look at him! Does he look menacing to you? There he sits, practically petrified! My good lady, he is no threat to anyone. No, no threat at all."
His voice lulled off as he turned to the gentleman at the woman's side, and asking, "And you good sir, who might you be?"
"I am Rear Admiral Luigi Bagatelle, here with my junior officer, Lt. Jennifer Escalante," he boomed. "Our mission is to apprehend Doctor Gunnarsson, who has stolen and used Federation military technology, endangering our world and all of Mankind."
Draagh gave them a whimsical glance, and then turned back to Max while grinning.
"Doctor? My boy, I knew of your education, but they call you doctor? You look barely old enough to shave!"
It was partially true, as Max only had a very light beard, but he did need to shave - once a week. With that, Draagh started laughing jovially. Of course he was playing the visitors, but he felt he needed to calm their senses before he could deal with them in a rational fashion.
"Come, my friends, please come in. Let us sit by the campfire and discuss our quandary."
Draagh turned around and walked to where the campfire smoldered and snapped his fingers in the direction of the fire pit, instantly reenergizing the smoldering embers. Sitting down on the fallen log where he had been earlier, he looked back toward the ship and beckoned a frozen Max to join him. Bagatelle and Escalante simply stared in annoyed amazement for a minute or so, and then slowly walked over, taking seats on the log furthest from Draagh. Again able to feel his body, Max cautiously crept over and sat next to the old man, almost hiding behind him for protection.
"So my friends, here we are. Yes, we are most certainly here, wouldn't you say? Now, why don't we have a little chat about our present situation?" He looked them over thoughtfully, and when they didn't say anything he continued speaking.
"It seems to me that we have some sort of misunderstanding. Max here had no intention of hurting anyone, and I am most certain he did not hurt anyone in his quest to come to this forsaken planet." He looked over and back at Max, who was still cowering by his side.
"Max, you did not hurt anyone, did you?"
Max cleared his throat. "Um…n-n-no, I didn't. No one at all."
"Very well then," Draagh replied rather quickly, "let's start out fresh. I am called Draagh. My actual title is much, much longer, but I prefer a nice, monosyllabic moniker. It helps me to make friends in an easier fashion. This is Max, who you know, of course, and you said your names were Luigi and …Jennifer?"
Both nodded and kept staring at the strange old man.
"Hmmmm, and you are both from Azul?"
Again, both nodded… and continued staring.
"Excellent! You see? We have a lot in common. We all have names and noses. So let me tell you a bit about myself. I am not an Earther, as you called me, young lady. In fact, I come from a distant place, and I arrived here to meet up with Max, who, by the way, has a very important job to complete and cooks an excellent-"
"Wait!" yelled Bagatelle, interrupting Draagh and nearly causing everyone else to jump. "Are you here for the hook drive? Because if you are, I warn you that-"
Draagh made a small waving gesture with his hand, and Bagatelle's speech stopped instantly. The rear admiral put his hand to his mouth, touching his lips, as if they had gone numb.
"No, no, no, my dear sir - quite the contrary - we do not plan on taking this ship anywhere, nor do we plan on relinquishing it to anyone. We need to move on to our destination, which is quite far away from here. Yes, quite far, indeed," he said, while displaying a mischievous grin.
Suddenly, before anyone said anything further, Lt. Escalante rolled back over her log and trained her Stinger on Max, firing off multiple rounds directly at his face. However, and not so surprisingly, not one reached the man. They stopped, collecting a meter in front of their target, suspended in midair. Max slumped his shoulders, having what one could only describe as a face of resignation and immense sadness, knowing that the beautiful military woman sought to kill him without even the courtesy of a trial.
Both Draagh and Bagatelle stood up, but the old man yelled, quite upset, while Bagatelle had been rendered mute for the time being.
"Enough! That will be enough, young lady! We do not kill anyone here. Ever! Do you understand me?"
The old man stared the woman down, and somehow had not only paralyzed her, but had her body pinned against the log, looking most uncomfortable. She stared at Draagh with a terrified expression; his gaze was so terrifying it could have penetrated quadrinium. Looking at the suspended charge rounds, he lashed out with a sweeping backhand, causing them to scatter through the air and land harmlessly in the bushes.
"Max, are you okay, my boy?" he asked the young scientist.
"Yes. I… am. Thanks." Max glared at Jennie with a look of disdain.

What a bitch.

Draagh then did something that startled and amazed everyone, Max not so much, but it was still an impressive feat.
"Young lady, may I see your weapon?"
"Over my dead bod…"
Before she could finish her bravado-laden sentence Draagh was holding her Stinger in his hand, calmly analyzing it, after which he placed it on the ground by his feet. It had disappeared from her hand and appeared in Draagh's - no one understood why or how. It wasn't like she could have done anything about it in the first place, being pinned near-sideways up against a log. Bagatelle sat back down, still unable to speak, but it did seem that he was going to reprimand his junior officer for attempting to kill their prisoner - who really wasn't their prisoner for the time being.
With his demeanor changing to one of calm, just as quickly as it had converted to rage from Jennie's attempted assassination of Max, Draagh looked down and saw the bottle of Glenfiddich whisky near his feet. Smiling, he then decided he would offer everyone a drink. Releasing the young woman from her invisible restraints she quickly sat back on the log, eyes wide open, with a newfound, fear-based respect for the old man.
"Ah, this is just what we need! A toast between new friends," and picked up the bottle. He then waved his free hand around and somehow conjured up four small glasses, promptly pouring a bit of scotch into each one. First he handed a glass to Max, and then reached over to hand two glasses to Bagatelle and Escalante, who at first declined to even move, but eventually reached out and took the glasses. Draagh watched patiently as they simply held them and stared back at him.
"A toast - to friends!" Draagh put down his shot in one swig and set the glass on the log next to him, following his drink with a refreshing "ahhhhh."
Then, with an almost disappointed look he said, "Oh come now, my friends! We must not be rude. After all, Max procured this fine single malt here on Earth, and I can tell you most assuredly that it is perfectly fine. It was not contaminated in the infection, as it was bottled long before the invasion happened."
Looking up from his small glass of scotch, Bagatelle stared Draagh down directly, and feeling he could speak again said, "Ok Mr. Draagh…"
"No! Please, please - simply Draagh is fine. I am not one who clings to titles, even though I have many."
"Bagatelle continued, "Ok… Draagh. Who are you, where do you come from and what have you been doing with my prisoner?"
Draagh gave Bagatelle a feigned look of being taken aback.
"My dear sir, I can certainly tell you that young Max here is not a prisoner - not yours nor anyone else's. Why, he is just sitting here next to me, safe and sound, despite the efforts of your lovely compatriot. Yes, quite safe and sound - but to answer your questions, I am an observer, and sometimes a corrector. I travel vast distances, observing, and sometimes even righting wrongs - and writing occasional songs. Perhaps I shall sing one for you. So, would you not say that is an admirable thing?"
Bagatelle looked the odd, old man over and said, "Ok, it's obvious I'm not going to get a lot out of you, but being as you took over 200 rounds in the chest at point blank range, and by all rights should not only be dead, but resemble something more like jraxon burger, I'll ask Gunnarsson." He then stared Max down with a glare that would frighten any rational military officer.
"Boy, what the hell have you done? You invented this technology, but that didn't give you the right to take off with it. We have to follow orders. There are protocols, and Azul has been successful for all these years due to the fact that we follow these rules - without exception. So explain yourself, son, or should I say…. Commander."
Escalante immediately looked at her commanding officer, an expression of total surprise painted on her face.
"Sir, he is… a commander?"
Bagatelle continued looking at Max, but responded to his gorgeous compatriot.
"Yes, Lieutenant, that is his rank. Everyone in the military has a rank, and Gunnarsson here is Commander Max Gunnarsson, of the Military Scientific Research Department. He is the one responsible for the invention of the hook drive. His doctoral thesis outlined the theory behind it, and he was in command of the entire operation." Bagatelle paused briefly, and then continued, "So Commander, explain yourself, as it appears we have nothing to do but sit here until your friend decides to let us take you back."
Max cleared his throat and prepared to speak. As he did this, Jennie looked at him with total incredulity. She wondered how someone like him - a cowering, simpering wimp - could outrank her in the military. Sure, he had invented side space hook technology, but him? She then did something that no one, especially Max, had expected - she addressed the young commander.
"Commander. As you were in charge of the entire SSCC operation, and most probably have complete knowledge of all staffing - may I ask a question?"
Max looked at the attractive (and probably psychotic) woman, nodding his head. "Sure, I guess. Just don't try to shoot me again. It's doesn't really make me want to be your buddy or anything."
"I have a friend who has been applying for entry into the SSCC program since its inception. His name is Josh Mannheim, LTJG. Did you ever see his name come across your console?"
Jennie was referring to Josh, her roommate's boyfriend, who was a frequent visitor to their apartment in New Sydney. Becky and Josh both worked in the military scientific complex.
Max instantly recognized the name, and wasn't comfortable with giving people bad news. He lowered his eyes and nodded his head again. "Yes, I know him. Good fellow. Pretty damned smart, too."
"Why didn't you select him for your team?"
Max gave the beautiful, potential assassin a solemn gaze.
"He has a heart condition and not even years to live. There is nothing the doctors can do. Nano-surgery has so far failed on every attempt. We were unsure of the effects that side space would have on his physical person so he was rejected. He was always aware of this."
Escalante's eyes started to glaze over. "What? Heart… condition? But… he never said anything about that!"
"I'm sorry, Lieutenant. Maybe he just didn't want you to know."
Max then looked over to Bagatelle and prepared to give a full explanation of his actions.
Jennie at once felt horrible for the way she had treated Josh throughout the many months he had been with Becky. She had no idea that he suffered from an incurable ailment - extremely rare, given Azul's medical technology. This revelation, along with Ryder's recent betrayal, caused her to subconsciously reflect on how she tended to look at the exterior and not what was inside a person, but she still had a job to do, and Gunnarsson needed to be taken back to Azul - dead or alive.
"Um," Max continued, "Sir, I spent the last five years of my life working on this project. It was my pride and joy, and I based my entire future career on it. I put my all into it, 100% - not only for myself, but for all mankind. I had no previous intentions of returning to Earth, that is, until we were shut down from real-time testing in the field. I mean, who are the Security Council to keep us from defending our world? There's an alien fleet on its way to Azul, and it's much, much worse than anyone believes. I had my suspicions, but I didn't even realize how bad it was until I arrived here and then met Draagh, who, by the way, I'd never seen before. He confuses me as much as I'm sure he is confusing you right now."
Bagatelle regarded Max with a slightly more relaxed look on his face, and allowed him to continue.
"There is something seriously wrong here, sir. Did you notice that there are no human remains? Anywhere? Do you know why that is?"
Bagatelle shook his head, and Max continued.
"There's an alien race called the Vrol. They invaded Earth over 400 years ago and nearly wiped out humanity on this world, and now they're on their way to Azul to do the same thing, but calling themselves Artusians. Draagh brought me to an old computer complex where I saw vid recordings of the invasion. They covered this entire planet with a nasty, virulent amoeba that eats you alive once you are infected, and even before I met Draagh I found traces of this amoeba, fossilized and harmless at the present - but I have proof, Sir. I have proof of what happened."
Max looked pleadingly into his superior officer's eyes, but he wasn't finished speaking.
"Sir - please, we have to retrofit the entire fleet and go vaporize the Vrol before they get anywhere near our system. They don't negotiate. They don't care. They'll even kill their own in order to decimate entire populations. The Vrol is a hive mind that thinks nothing more of killing their own than you or I would when clipping our fingernails. It's simply not a consideration to them."
Bagatelle looked like he was considering what Max had told them when Draagh interjected.
"My dear sir, what Max tells you is true, and if you would like, I can prove it to you."
Bagatelle nodded his head, while Jennie sat there, silent and taking in the entire conversation, still unable to believe that Max was a commander. Then Bagatelle spoke, although with a slightly less threatening tone to his voice.
"Commander, what you did was wrong. There are rules. If I am to believe anything that you just said, I need to know one thing first. If you simply didn't agree with the Security Council, and had no information on the Vrol before, what prompted you to leave Azul in the first place, knowing we would pursue?"
Before Max could answer, Draagh made a goofy face and spun his index finger around, while saying, "Ooooh, sorry. That was me!" and snickered under his breath.
Everyone gave him a glare of disbelief, as he rolled his eyes back and poured another shot of whisky.
"Please. Everyone. Drink with me. We could all use it."
Finally, Bagatelle put the glass to his lips and took a sip, his expression showing that the taste of the whisky was indeed agreeable. Jennie followed his lead, also cautiously taking a sip.
Draagh then continued, "So, yes, I am afraid I must admit it. Yes, it was I. Guilty! I planted little suggestions in Max's head, but also in yours! Yes! Both of you! We were destined to meet, as we all have very important matters of which to take care - but first, I would like to share a bit of information with both of you. You, Admiral - you bite your lip when you experience stress, do you not?"
Bagatelle looked at Draagh, amazed, but nodded his head.
"And you, young lady, do you not experience the same recurring dream of chasing deer through the woods?"
An alarmed Jennie shot back, "How did you know that? Oh my God! No one knows that! I've never told a soul."
Draagh smiled and said, "Well, my dear, I know these things, and much, much more. Yes, I do. You see - it is what I do. I observe, and sometimes correct, and at this time, we need to seriously correct some things, lest the Vrol turn Azul into a lifeless ball of noxious gases. Admiral, Lieutenant… May I call you Lou and Jennie? You see, I have a fondness for shortening names, like Max here. Why say Maximilianus when it is so much easier to say Max? I have always had a particular fancy for languages. I mean, were you aware that the Kartovian word for dinner is actually 137 syllables long? Oh goodness, I never, ever went there in the evenings. I would have never eaten!"
Bagatelle looked at Draagh, totally lacking any expression.
"You can call me Luigi."
Jennie looked over at her commanding officer, and thanks to the small sips of alcohol had obviously started to loosen up a bit.
"Lui…"
"Shut up, Jennie."
"Yes sir."
"There! You see? Now we are on a first name basis. This is brilliant, quite brilliant indeed!"
Draagh went to load his pipe, but Max grabbed his arm and whispered, "Draagh, not here, please."
Looking considerably more relaxed, Bagatelle regarded Draagh with a solemn gaze.
"So… Draagh, how is it that you know these personal things about us, and how did you supposedly plant suggestions in our heads?"
"It is what I do - but what if I could tell you why you do these things, why you have these dreams? Max here becomes incredibly strong when his stress levels get high. Would you like to know these things about yourselves?"
All three nodded their heads in unison, so Draagh continued.
"You three are from a very old and noble subspecies of humanity. Throughout the ages, there have been many subspecies. The Neanderthals, the Cro-Magnons, The Atlanteans, and of course… you!"
Max looked around at Draagh and said, "Um, us? Could you be a little more specific, please?"
"Why, Homo Sapiens Canis! You are what some call… lycans."
Bagatelle, Escalante and Max all three sat in stunned silence. Each one had the desire to laugh out loud, but the events of the past half hour had been so strange that they would have believed anything by that point and time. Draagh sat there, looking at them and wearing a wide grin on his face.
"And I am a mage; a Primulus, actually, but you may call me a mage. Yes I am, and quite a good one too, I might add."

Chapter 9 - Learning Stuff

"What exactly is a lycan?" asked Max, stunned, but relieved Draagh had stopped talking in circles.
"My boy," continued the mage, "a lycan is a subspecies of Homo Sapiens that possesses the gift of therianthropy - the ability to change into to the form of an animal. Of course, we all know 'sapiens' comes from 'sapient', which means one who shows wisdom. Oh, but it is not enough to be sentient, to be self-aware. No, no, no. Sapience is where it is at! Then we add some modifications to the gene pool, and you are Homo Sapiens Canis, with the canis part being of canine extraction. In essence, you have the genetic qualities of an ancient form of wolf in you. This provides you with a myriad of extra abilities, of which you sadly cannot take advantage, due to the nature of your world, or even here on Earth - anymore, that is."
Bagatelle raised his hand, as if asking for permission to speak. "Draagh, please be more specific. We have extra abilities, but we cannot use them? What kinds of abilities?"  Bagatelle always knew he was a bit different, and it was not the fact that his teeth felt a bit sharper when his stress levels went up. He could always count on his superior strength in times of need, simply attributing it to adrenaline. It was also that he had an effect on people - he could look someone in the eyes and convince them of his noble efforts. He moved through military ranks using his abilities, but to think he had more? That was unrealistic to him.
Draagh went on, saying, "On a world such as this, and also Azul, there is a particular form of energy that still exists to this day, but is inaccessible to man. Quite far in the past, say 2,200 years ago, we… that is, my kind, decided to change man's energy signature via a widespread trans-mutagenic virus, eliminating his ability to harness this energy of which I speak. We found it necessary for man to be reliant upon nothing but his own basic skills and wits, as he was not progressing at all, no, not at all. This process more or less took one generation, with some rare exceptions, as is the case with all DNA-altering viruses, so the majority of those people who could avail themselves of this energy were rendered normal, even though they carried the recessive genes of their subspecies. Supernormal abilities faded into legend quite quickly, as they did not have instant communications and detailed data archives back in those days. Oh, it was quite difficult at first, quite difficult indeed, and it resulted in some minor tragedies, but man forged on and eventually became what we have on Azul!"
"What sort of tragedies are you talking about?" asked Jennie.
Draagh looked like he was pondering something for a moment, and then spoke in a fashion so nonchalant it stunned the other three.
"Oh, the Dark Ages. The Black Death. The Conquest of the Iberian Peninsula. Little things like that."
"Little things?" Max interjected in horror, "Little things, like… the Dark Ages? The Plague?"
Max had studied Earth history, and rather enjoyed the subject, making it a minor in his first undergraduate degree. It had given him great comfort to know that Man had come so far, and that despite his often violent history he had conquered space and colonized a new world.  
Draagh went further and waved a hand in the air, creating a holographic series of images that appeared in the space between the four of them and followed what he was saying. Bagatelle, Jennie and Max stared with wonder, being amazed by the ease in which the strange Viking-garbed man conjured holograms in the air.
"Yes, sadly these things were necessary in order to ensure mankind's advancement in the universe. And the plague, well, that was unfortunate but unavoidable. I mean, that infernal church was telling everyone that sex was forbidden! My goodness! What do you think the people then did? Sex, sex, sex, sex! Babies popping out all over the place!"
The three spectators waved their hands in the air, attempting to swat away annoying holographic Cupid-like cherubs that flew around their heads.
"O-ho! The European population exploded!  Why, if we had interceded on man's behalf and wiped out the Yersinia Pestis bacteria, well, you would have never emigrated to Azul - your ancestors would have all died of starvation! Lovely planet, Azul is. Yes, quite lovely. You have done a fine, fine job there. We are all quite proud of you achievements."
Bagatelle sat for a moment, taking it all in while watching as Draagh's animated show dissipated into thin air, ending with the cherubs disturbingly murdering each other with their bows and arrows.
"I well know Earth's - and Azul's history, but I never heard anything factual about any sort of energy, or extra any abilities in mankind's past. This sounds like it all comes out of an Old-Earth fantasy story. Detail some of these things if you would," said Bagatelle.
Draagh made a thoughtful expression and put his finger to his lips, as if he were dredging historical facts out of the depths of his mind.
"Well, lycans can call on enhanced strength. I am sure you have experienced this in your life at some time, perhaps when you are under extreme pressure?"
All three nodded their heads, while Draagh continued, "In Earth's ancient past, your ancestors could transform themselves and become even stronger. And they had enhanced senses, such as vision, hearing and smell. There were certain side effects to these abilities, but they were minor. Overall, you were our greatest achievement! The virus in your bodily fluids is a wonder of genetic engineering. On the proper world, you would be near-immortal, with its complex energies constantly revitalizing you systems."
Jennie sat up straight and called attention to herself by saying, "A virus? So, we're ill?"
"Oh no, my dear. Not ill," said Draagh, "as the virus works in direct contact with your genetic code, giving you those extra capabilities, and also enabling your kind to increase your numbers, which, unfortunately, can also be done by the ghouls and the cannibals. That being said, the cannibals must exchange blood and saliva with their target, but the ghouls and the lycans can do so simply with an exchange of blood."
"How is this done? This exchange of blood?" asked Bagatelle.
"Oh, through a bite in a large enough vein, or a minor artery," responded the old man.
All three thought back in their lives if they had ever bitten anyone, and to their collective relief none had.
Draagh continued on, relating how Bagatelle's habit of biting his lip was an inherited trait, as that was what a lycan would do right before he intends to transmit the lycanthrope virus to someone, effectively changing them into a lycan also. The virus would enter the bloodstream of the target, and replicate until it had the sufficient numbers needed to start a gentle process of genetic enhancement
"So, Draagh, what would happen if I bit Rear Admiral Bagatelle?" asked Max, only to receive a precautionary glare from the superior officer.
"Oh, I imagine… well, I imagine it would hurt!" exclaimed the mage, "but as for any sort of viral transferal - no, nothing would happen. You both have the same subspecies genetic code."
Max sat in a state of disbelief, trying to visualize what Draagh was saying. "So Draagh," he asked, "you said there were side effects. What were they? What happened to lycans?"
Draagh continued, "Oh, they would pretty much turn into giant wolves on a full moon, but some could control this quite well, yes - quite well. Of course, a mage of adequate skill could keep this change from happening, or even reverse it with a sufficient electrical shock."
At that moment all four of them got an immediate wake-up call, hearing a Draeder scream overhead. Bagatelle immediately consulted his portable console and saw that all of his fighters on mission were continuing with their sweep patterns in search of Lt. Johnson, and that they were nowhere near Machu Picchu. He surmised that it had to be Lt. Johnson and gave Draagh and Max an alarmed look. Draagh looked upward, with no one actually able to see the sky, as they were under the protective canopy of lush vegetation.
"Oh, yes, the very bad man. Quite tragic what he did upon leaving your ship. Yes, quite tragic. I had not foreseen that particular bit of malignant behavior, but no worries! He cannot see us, nor your craft up in the ruins. I have taken care of that, so that we may continue our little discussion. Yes, we are quite invisible. Quite invisible."
Draagh paused momentarily, and then continued, "Would anyone else like a spot of this fine whisky? I am feeling a bit parched," to which Max then said, "Um, Draagh, alcohol dehydrates you - so the scotch won't help."
"Max, please do not ruin the moment. Drink up, my friends!"
Draagh then leaned over and poured a bit more scotch in everyone's glasses and continued.
"So, I was saying. Your ancestors would turn into giant, snarling - but quite impressive - wolves. A lovely site, it was. Terrifying, but they were necessary! Yes, quite necessary, as there were other subspecies of humanity that needed to be controlled. The lycans were the keepers of honor, the soldiers of destiny, and the protectors of liberty."
"What were these other subspecies you are talking about? The gloms and the carnivores you mentioned?" asked Jennie.
"Why, my dear young lady. There were those who thrived on death, nearly dead themselves, and then there were the cannibals. Fortunately, the cannibals were unable to procreate, so they would basically die off on their own if properly contained. Otherwise, they would spread their infection far and wide. The peddlers of death, whom I called ghouls, however, actively brought others into their ranks, as they hated the lycans. Oh yes, they quite hated the lycans with every rotten fiber of their beings."
"Draagh, this is all a lot to take in at one time, but are there any others like us?" asked Max.
"Of course, my dear boy! There are quite a few on your world, but nowhere near in the numbers of normals."
"Normals?"
"Yes, normals. Humans without any, how shall I say, extra abilities. 98% of Azul's population lacks supernormal genetics - and a good thing too! Could you imagine trying to run interference for countless thousands of lycans, keeping them safe and scrambling doctors anytime one went in for a physical examination? It would be unmanageable! Unmanageable beyond imagination!"
Max looked over at Bagatelle and Jennie, and then asked, "Do either of you recall your doctors looking like they had self-medicated when performing a physical or drawing blood?"
Both Bagatelle and Jennie gave astonished looks at each other, and slowly nodded their heads.
"So, without your help we would have been detected?" Max asked Draagh, turning again to him.
"Yes, my son. Myself, and some like me. We are few in numbers, and have lost a few of our kind to dark temptations, but we try to protect our charges.  We are also helped by a lower caste with much more plentiful numbers. As I said, those of my kind are few, but the lower caste is numerous. You used to call them angels in your ancient religions, and they also possess abilities similar to mine."
Religion existed on Azul, as everyone was free to believe what he or she desired, but most scientists did not give credence to the supernatural, making it all the more difficult for Max, as well as Bagatelle and Jennie, to accept.
Jennie then asked their host, "So Draagh, are lycans the only surviving subspecies on Azul, or did any of the others also emigrate? And further, why do we not know about this? Is there anyone who does know? I mean, I find it impossible to believe that no one would have learned this, if it were true."
"My dear Jennie," Draagh continued, "There are those who suspect, but none who are completely certain. You both suspected that you were different, but simply chalked it up to each being a unique individual - which you are - but much more so than any other normal. This is all-important for you to learn and understand, because yes, those who crave death, the ghouls, also made it to Azul, but in lesser numbers than your kind. Still, they exist. In fact, that traitorous imbecile flying around looking for something is of that subspecies."
"Lieutenant Johnson is a… ghoul?" asked Jennie.
Draagh took another sip of scotch and said, "Yes, I am afraid to say. That is why he could commit such a horrendous act aboard your ship. His father, I am afraid, is even worse."
Jennie felt sick to her stomach. Not only had she been used and betrayed by Ryder Johnson, but he was also somehow a genetic deviant whose ancestors reveled in death and mayhem. Bagatelle also found reason in what Draagh was saying, and crinkled his nose in a look of disgust
"Councilman Johnson. He's been a thorn in the side of the military for years. I never trusted him, and now it looks like it wasn't without reason."
Draagh felt he was getting through to Bagatelle and Jennie. He also knew that he had to get going, but he needed to convince them that what he was doing was absolutely necessary. Determining that his new friends were ready for a bit more information, Draagh waved his hand down and in the direction of Bagatelle's portable console.
"Luigi my friend, please check your device. It has detailed logs and vids of the Vrol invasion of Earth, as well as Max's analysis of the amoeba that was used to decimate the population."
Bagatelle went through his console, reading data and watching videos for the next fifteen minutes, with Jennie looking over his shoulder, when Draagh spoke again.
"You will need to return to Azul and prepare forces to engage the Vrol. I will take Max and Jennie with me to-"
"What? I'm not going anywhere with you - or… that!" yelled Jennie, interrupting the old man and pointing at Max.
At the very moment, Draagh casually waved his hand out toward the two officers from The Revolution, causing them to stop in mid-sentence, as they grew glassy-eyed expressions. Max looked at them, astounded, and then turned to Draagh.
"Um, Draagh, what did you just do?"
"I needed to stop them for a moment. Jennie was about ready to go ballistic, as they say, and Luigi was not far behind, my son."
"So… you are controlling them?"
"In a manner of speaking, yes."
"Oh… cool."
Draagh made another little waving gesture with his hand, and although they maintained their dumfounded expressions, he began to give them instructions.
"My friends, although it pains me to do this, I must guide you into making the correct decision. Luigi, you are going to leave this place and return to your ship, where you will make every effort possible to apprehend Lt. Johnson. Max is no longer a consideration for you."
Bagatelle continued staring and nodded his head in agreement. Then Draagh spoke to Jennie, giving her different, but equally important instructions.
"Jennie, you are going to accompany us, as you will need to keep an eye on Max. Also, you are due for shore-leave and this is a perfect opportunity for you to get out and do something different."
Just as Bagatelle had done so did Jennie, slowly nodding her head.
"Hey! It's like they're mind-wiped or something. Is she going to stay that way?"
"No, my son - I shall release them soon, but they will believe that everything that is to transpire is normal."
"Oh, bummer. Um… I have an idea. Can you make her… nice? I mean… she kinda wants to kill me."
"No Max, no, no, no. I shall not do that. She needs to keep her wits about her. It is a precarious thing I do, and if I delve further into their minds I could do irreparable harm."
"Seriously? You can't make her a little less of a bitch? I mean, she's super-hot and all, but man - she comes with some serious baggage, although her surname is cool. Es Caliente. Haw!"
Max laughed at his own little joke, making a play on words from the girl's last name.
Draagh continued to survey his two subjects as they sat staring into space, their eyes lacking focus.
"Jennie was to come with us in the first place. I believe we have accomplished a great deal by visiting with them, but they needed a bit of prodding at the end. Luigi would never have allowed the girl to go with us, for more reasons than are apparent."
"You mean, I have to travel with her? Oh God, for how long? This going to suck - I can see it now. She'll be making me do pushups and wash the dishes. The chick's a tyrant!"
Draagh turned to Max and smiled, putting a hand on his shoulder as he said, "My boy, she will be with us - with you, for quite a long time. She will warm to us both, but it must happen without my tinkering or mental manipulations to make it truly…"
"Truly what?" 
Max stopped and his face brightened up, as if he had a great idea. "No! It's ok. You see, I'm her superior officer, so she can't tell me to do anything. Ha! This is gonna be great."
Draagh grinned, but turned away, saying nothing. The old man waved his hand out and released Bagatelle and Jennie from his grip.
"Yes! I need to make sure that Gunnarsson doesn't try to escape, and that these two aren't pulling a scam." Jennie turned and continued by straightening her shoulders and looking to her commanding office. "Sir, I request permission to go with these two and make sure everything is on the up and up."
Bagatelle nodded his head. Looking at Max and Draagh, down at his console and then back at the two he said, "I agree. This will allow me to concentrate on tracking down Lt. Johnson, as his crimes shall not go unpunished. Plus, I think there is a deeper plot to this, with Johnson's father having a hand in it all."
Nodding to Jennie, he continued, "Jennie, I am going one step further. I don't want your efforts hampered by military protocols. I am temporarily relieving you of your duties and placing you on leave. This can be justified because you have accrued months of paid vacation time. Go, be safe and do what you need to do. I'll take care of the Council back home. Our new friend here has given me enough information to justify retrofitting the fleet."
Jennie nodded to the admiral, and then both looked over at Draagh, as well as a very perplexed Max, who was slightly miffed, not having been able to convince Draagh to basically do the equivalent of a mind-wipe on the very pretty, but unkind dega. Still, he was looking forward to being in charge of her.
Bagatelle started flicking through his portable console some more, while Jennie glared at Max, and then stood up to extend her long, femininely muscular legs. Raising her arms above her head and yawning, she further stretched out luxuriously, with her curvaceous figure accentuated by her pose, with Max looking at her out of the corner of his eye.
"Ok Draagh, then what are we doing?" asked Max. "You said we are going somewhere, so spit it out."
"Spit it - out? My dear boy, I shall do no such thing. The act of spitting is a practice best done in private," exclaimed the old mage.
"I think what the idiot means is that he wants an explanation about where we are going," said Jennie, which made Max look at her with an perturbed expression.
"Lieutenant, you may not like me, but I am a superior officer. Show some respect."
Jennie rolled her eyes and made a sound out of disdain in response to Max's comment.
Bagatelle interrupted the three-way conversation and said, "I'll have to make up a story about how we never found Gunnarsson or his ship, and why one of my junior officers didn't return with us. I can't very well lie and say she perished when the airlock was blown because there are logs showing her activity afterwards."
"Why don't you say she took a transport down to Sienna once you reached Azul system? She could have been traumatized by the sabotage and was… in need of a sabbatical?" suggested Max with an inquisitive tone to his voice, while receiving a hateful glare from Jennie.
"Excellent idea! Excellent!" exclaimed Draagh. "Very well then. To answer your question - we are going to the Black Forest in what was known as Bavaria, in the European continent. In fact, this is from where your kind originated."
"Hey, I thought my ancestors were from South America," stated Jennie.
"Oh my dear, not originally. You will see, as all will be revealed quite soon. Yes, quite soon indeed."
"Are there humans in the Black Forest? Was it left untouched during the Vrol invasion? Or were they all killed?" asked Max.
"Oh, there are many humans, and lycans - even some ghouls and a few cannibals… but no, it was not left untouched. It was destroyed. However, after millennia it grew back quite nicely. In fact, we retuned that energy I was speaking of earlier, so you will both have a chance to - how should I put it - grow?"
"Draagh, I did a scan on the planet and detected no life. How could I have missed it? Do all humans live in caves or something?" asked Max.
"Oh, right now they do, yes, right now. That is why you could not detect them, but where we are going people live in lovely little homes, in quaint villages. It is very beautiful. One of my favorite periods."
Jennie and Max gave him an odd look as he reached his arm out, causing his ornate, mahogany staff to come flying into his grip. Bagatelle's jaw dropped as Draagh gave him a wink and said, "Come, let us begin. Max, put on some fresh clothes. Oh, and you might want to bring a toothbrush. Dental hygiene is not on the top of everyone's list where we are going."

"Or should I also say, to when we are going."

In a dark office in the Azul Security Council headquarters, Councilman Len Johnson looked at the readout on his private console. As communication between the two parties had a delay of hours for each message sent, plus a few minutes for the translator to run its course, he had collected them all into a page, making it easier to read.
Johnson: My agent reaches Earth soon. Are you sure that there is no further danger of infection?
X'than'dor: No imminent threat
Johnson: What is your ETA?
X'than'dor: 5.317 of your standard years
Johnson: And you will not approach Earth?
X'than'dor: We have no interest in Earth
Johnson: Excellent. I get Earth, and I will give you Azul
X'than'dor: We shall take it anyway
Johnson: That is fine. My agent reached Earth. Planet is intact
X'than'dor: Explain what means word "fine". It is logic. It is reality. Earth died. We continue. Azul dies. We continue
Johnson read the script over and over again, and, being completely amoral and borderline sociopathic, had no regrets. Once Ryder got Gunnarsson's transport and brought it back, they would reverse-engineer the craft and outfit three of the barges left over from the Exodus, returning to Earth to yet again create a brave, new world.
How fortunate, he thought, that the Vrol didn't have faster-than-light travel capabilities.
Chapter 10 - Packing

Max finished gathering a gear bag and made sure he didn't forget his toothbrush. He was unsure of where they were going, but as he had travelled to Los Angeles with Draagh in less than a second, he knew he was going somewhere, and that it was all real. An extra change of clothing, his Stinger, a portable console and other assorted sundries and he was ready. Exiting from his cabin, he saw Draagh standing in galley, so he set his bag on the deck, kneeling to go through it.
"Max, you can leave your weapon and computing device. They fail to work where we are going."
"What?" exclaimed Max. "They won't work? You mean I'll be defenseless?"
Draagh chuckled, being amused at the lad's dismay, and said, "My boy, you most certainly will not be defenseless. Oh no. You will be quite formidable. In fact, there are a few particulars regarding you that I left out of our discussion, as my intention was to convince our friends out there that we needed to leave, and that Jennie needed to come with us. It was an incredibly burdensome decision for the commander to make. Sending one's own blood to whereabouts unknown is always difficult."
Max's heart skipped a beat as he blurted, "She's his--"
"Shhhhhh!" hissed Draagh, cutting Max off. "Quiet my boy. As of this time, she is unaware of their relationship, but he well knows, and that is why he has always kept her under his command since locating her. However, he was never one to overly-protect the girl. He expects more out of her and pushes her harder to be at her best. He now merely sees this as another opportunity to help her to reach the next level, as they say."
Max lilted his head to the side, pondering what Draagh had said, and then popped back up, saying, "Ok, I'm ready. Let's go."
Max and Draagh walked out of the Machu Picchu, the loading ramp and bay doors gently closing behind them as they approached Bagatelle and Jennie, who were still by the fire pit. Bagatelle was giving Jennie last minute instructions, so Max tried to appear busy, picking some stuff up and screwing the cap back on the Glenfiddich bottle, which Draagh eyed appraisingly. He wanted to listen to what they were saying, but Draagh casually strolled up and commented on the woman's belongings.
"Jennie, you may as well leave your weapon with your superior officer. It will be of no use to you at our destination."
"Hey, just a minute," exclaimed Bagatelle, "she will need to be able to protect herself."
Draagh put up his hand as if it were a motion to stop and said, "Luigi, where we are going there is that energy I spoke of. No modern technology will work there, so the weapon will be useless."
Jennie looked at Draagh with pleading eyes. "Can I bring it anyway, even if it doesn't work?"
Draagh considered her request for a moment, and then said, "I guess that would be fine."
With that, Max went running back to the Machu Picchu, and hitting a button on a fob in his hand, caused the loading bay ramp to drop. Once the bay doors opened, he bounded inside and grabbed his own equipment. He gave everyone an expectant look as he departed the craft.
"Well? If she gets to bring hers along, then so do I."
Jennie rolled her eyes back, and turned, making an audible gawd, while heading for the open area outside where the Machu Picchu was docked.
Looking back she found the location quite lovely, and wished she had gone there on a friendlier mission. Now, as it was, she was basically stuck with this Max, whom she still considered a traitor - and a geek - and an old Viking with some impressive parlor tricks - but she felt in her heart it was all real.
Draagh called everyone together to explain what they were all going to do. He would use his staff to transport himself, Max and Jennie, to the Black Forest, but when he started the power accumulation sequence on his staff, Bagatelle's ship would be visible, so the rear admiral had to lift off either before or after they had ported out. Bagatelle chose to stay and watch, wanting to make sure that this wasn't a bunch of hooey.
"Draagh, what about my ship? Will it be safe here?" asked Max.
"Yes, my son," he replied, "I shall conjure a light-bending wall that should hold until we return. Anyone who comes here will only see an empty, naturally-occurring cave in the jungle."
Max felt a bit more relieved and walked over to Bagatelle and spoke.
"Sir, I know that you came here to apprehend me, and I appreciate that you were following orders. I broke the rules, and for that I am sorry - but there is something much bigger than either of us here, and I think we both know that the Vrol should be our main concern. I'm tooting my own horn, but thanks to what I did, you were able to travel through side space and prove that military vessels can, and should have SSCC technology installed. I only hope you can convince the Council of this."
He looked over at Jennie, and then back to Bagatelle and continued in a low whisper, "You may not believe it, Sir, but I'll take care of her… with my life."
Bagatelle's eyes slightly widened in surprise, but he immediately returned a dull stare. Max stepped back, and gave Bagatelle a smart salute, which the commanding officer returned in sharp fashion.
"So, are we ready?" asked Draagh.
Jennie stepped forward and asked, "Sir, am I officially relieved of duty?"
Bagatelle nodded in the affirmative.
"So, Sir, I am no longer bound by rank, and Gunnarsson is no longer my superior officer?"
"Hey! Wait a minute!" yelled Max, while Bagatelle again nodded to her in the affirmative.
"Shut up, Gunnarsson. You're not my superior. This isn't a military operation."
Draagh snickered, quite enjoying the antagonistic banter between his two young charges. Max gave a look of slight resignation, muttering under his breath, and turned to Draagh, who said, "Very well then! Let us begin. Commander, you will need to be at least 300 meters away from us, as the energy field produced by my staff for such a far-off port is immense. May I suggest you wait up in your transport?"
Bagatelle looked up toward the ruins, which were not visible from where they stood and said, "Well, it will take me a while to get up there, so give me a bit," not looking forward to the hike up the switchbacks that led to the top.
Draagh then said, "My dear Admiral, there is no need. I shall take you up there, as a slip this small can easily be facilitated."
Motioning to his side, he said, "Please come stand next to me."
Jennie looked over at Bagatelle and said, "Well, we'll see you later Lui - "
Bagatelle shot her a sharp glance, causing her to stop mid-sentence.
"Don't… ever… call… me… that," to which Jennie used her hand to make a little motion over her pursed lips, like she was zipping them shut.
"I promise," she chimed.
Bagatelle gave her a warm gaze and said, "Come back safe and I'll give you something you can call me off duty - something much nicer than Luigi. I never liked that name anyway."
Bagatelle and Draagh walked toward each other, and when side-by-side Draagh said, "Jennie, Max, I'll be back in a moment," and tapping his staff to the ground he produced a small concussion wave, the two disappearing with a slight popping sound.
Jennie stared aghast at where Draagh and her commanding officer had been a second before, unwilling to believe what she had just seen. Max gave her a wry smile while wiggling his eyebrows.
"Told ya so."
"Shut up, Gunnarsson," she said, and stomped off to the edge of some flora, acting as if she was looking at flowers, but in reality hiding the fact that her eyes were tearing up.
Draagh grabbed Bagatelle's arm to help him balance. "Easy there, my good man. Are you well?" Bagatelle was slightly disoriented, but saw they were next to his private transport.
"How. Did. You?" he stammered as Draagh gave him a wink.
"It is what I do. I am an observer and sometimes a corrector, and I-"
Bagatelle put his hand up, interrupting him and said, "Ok, you said that before. I am trusting you, old man - with more than you know."
"Oh, I know," said Draagh, with a thoughtful expression. "We'll bring Jennie back safe and sound. Please prepare your fleet."
Bagatelle then turned away and entered his transport.
Where Draagh had been only a minute before, he was again, but sans Bagatelle. Jennie heard the pop of his arrival, and turned around quickly, running over to where the old mage stood.
"Is he ok?" she asked, with Draagh looking at her with a kind expression.
"Why yes, my dear. Why wouldn't he be?"
Max walked up to Draagh, gear bag in hand, asking, "Ok, pops. Best we be on our way?"
Draagh paused for a moment and affectionately surveyed the area. It was there where he met Max, and later Jennie and Bagatelle. He looked forward to completing their tasks and returning to retrieve the ship, even though, as he had stated to Max earlier, they wouldn't need it.
The old mage walked out into the open and beckoned the remaining two over to his location, giving them instructions. "Now my children, we are going to go quite a distance in space - and of course, in time."
They both looked at each other quizzically, and then back at Draagh.
"So, you will need to follow my instructions at all times. No matter where we go, we must stick together. No running off to smell poop, do you understand?"
Max and Jennie nodded their heads, still looking slightly confused over the time comment, and more than disgusted at the reference to poop, as Draagh continued, "The energy generated by my staff will envelop this area in a 250 meter radius, like a giant sphere. That is why I required Commander Bagatelle to go to this ship - where he will see it all. Yes, yes he will. Quite spectacular it will be."
Draagh set his staff on the ground, and waved his hand out in front of him, causing a semi-transparent infoscreen to appear. The new apparition astounded both Jennie and Max. He appeared to type something into the data screen and waved it off once finished. Then, holding his staff tightly, it began to hum, with billions of glowing particles emanating around it, flowing in circular motions, like a massive, slowly moving ribbon, encircling them and growing ever wider, causing all of their hair to rise as if defying gravity. As the power built up, they heard a crackling sound, which immediately concerned Draagh.
"Draagh, Jennie, can you hear me? This is Bagatelle. We have a Draeder coming in on your eleven." The sound was barely audible, being masked by annoying amounts of static.
Draagh looked at Jennie, and asked, "Did you bring your communications device along too?"
Jennie nodded with a sheepish look while Max grinned with some sort of satisfaction that the woman had done something wrong.
"I am unable to stop the porting process, or we will lose all coordinates, leaving us stuck in this timeline until I can reestablish contact with Socrates. We must continue."
Power in Draagh's staff built up, as a Draeder came up and over Huayna Picchu, the main mountain behind the ruins, and dropped down into the valley on a direct course for their location.
"Oh crap! How did he find us?" screamed Max, while Draagh kept concentrating on the slipping process, but then looked at his two travel companions.
"Remember I told you that when I started this process we would be visible? Well… We are visible! Ok, hold on, children!"

Lt. Johnson saw his targets and had already decided to kill them, but like any opportunistic predator he first wanted to play with his prey. He made a full circle around Huayna Picchu and came in; intent on strafing them low, just for fun. Johnson didn't notice that as he approached them, a large charge of lightning shot up from Draagh's staff, with a massive ball of energy surrounding the group. Bagatelle was standing on the precipice and looking down, finding himself pushed back by the energy sphere. Watching helplessly as the massive globe swallowed them up, the sphere started to shrink, the lone Draeder entering the energy field at the same exact moment that everything disappeared.
Chapter 11 - Welcome to Future-Past

No one ever feels anything when in a 4D slip. They are standing there one moment, and then suddenly the entire environment changes and they are somewhere - and somewhen - else.
Max had barely blinked, and found himself in an open, grassy field, where he heard the deafening roar of Johnson's Draeder scream overhead, going directly for the nearby forest and vanishing from sight. Moments later there was a loud explosion, which apparently signaled the end of Lt. Ryder Johnson.
"Gunnarsson! Draagh's down!" Jennie screamed, as they both dropped to the old mage's position. He was on his back, staring up at the sky with a confused expression on his face.
"Oh my, oh my. This is not good," Draagh groaned, as he attempted to get back up to his feet.
The youths each took an arm, and gently lifted him up, with Jennie asking, "Draagh, how do you feel? Are we ok? What did you mean?"
The old mage looked around, slightly dazed and said, "It seems that we had an unwanted passenger. Oh no, this is not good at all. I will need a moment to recoup myself, and we can then go find him."
Max looked over at the small mushroom cloud that was growing deep in the forest and said, "Um, Draagh, we don't have to worry about that fellow. He went boom."
Jennie also watched the rising mushroom cloud, but was not as sure as Max that Johnson had perished in the apparent crash. They waited for a few minutes, and then headed over and into the dark, foreboding forest to the north, each supporting one of Draagh's arms.
In the chaos that ensued due to their odd and uncalculated arrival, neither Max nor Jennie initially noticed a change, but as the minutes went by they both started feeling different. Better. As they were both of the same subspecies they started to notice similar changes. Their hearing had already improved - they could hear birds chirping, the crackling of fire at the crash site, insects crawling on the ground, and many other things they would have never noticed during their lives on Azul. The one thing they were sure of was that they heard the sound of footsteps, running away at high speed. Jennie immediately ascertained that this was Johnson fleeing his wreckage. She was sure he had survived the crash. Max turned to Jennie with a concerned look, his face denoting that he heard the same things. Draagh appeared to have recovered from his earlier stupor and studied his surroundings.
"Come, my children. Let us see if we can find this most unwanted hitch hiker, as he certainly does not belong here. If you do not mind, we will need to walk for a while, as the time slip rather took a bit out of me." With that, they all continued into the forest, toward the crash site.
Arriving at the smoldering wreckage, they found no signs of life. Max squinted his eyes slightly and found that his vision was vastly improved, easily seeing a shredded parachute in a cluster of trees 200 meters away. He then made a sound, reminiscent of a growl and pointed in the direction of the chute.
"Over there. He made it out, so he can't be too far."
Draagh sighed and said, "No, my son. He is long gone by now. Do you remember how I told you that on the proper world, with the proper energy, you would experience enhanced abilities?"
"Yeah, you did say that," said Max.
Jennie also nodded knowingly, as Draagh continued, "Well, what we had undone in the past by modifying man's energy signature via a trans-mutagenic virus on an individual level was repaired, but this time by changing the world's energy itself, making it compatible with the altered energy signature of man. So, unfortunately, that particular individual is also experiencing some enhancements. Foot speed is one of them, as well as an amplified sense of smell, although not as keen as yours. However, he will also notice unwanted changes that you will witness as soon as we find his location. I implore you to be at the ready as his type is quite vicious."
Max and Jennie stopped, looked around and drew in deep through their noses, finding it to be true. They could both smell as they had never before. Plants, bugs, rotten logs, and of course Draagh's musty leathers, and the small satchel of herb in his pocket. They both wrinkled their noses and gave each other a mildly disgusted look, then bound forward to catch up with the old man. As they continued further into the forest, they picked up the scent of rotting flesh, which they both found disgusting, yet appealing in a way that made them want to pursue the putrid aroma.
Draagh looked at them and exclaimed, "Ah, so you detect that too. Yes, yes, it is quite clear that our unwanted passenger has already started to transform, the energy on this world working in conjunction with the virus that flows through his system. Sad, quite sad, indeed."
Jennie was slightly ahead of the other two, scanning the area in all directions as she pushed forward, stepping over moss-covered rocks and small steams of water, when she asked, "Draagh. So tell us how this all works. I can see better, hear better, smell better and even feel things with every step I take. The feedback I am getting from the ground is amazing. What more can I expect at this point and time?"
Draagh smiled whimsically as he walked, going to retrieve his pipe, but putting it back, wanting his two companions to be able to detect any errant scent without it being masked by the smoke of his beloved herb.
"Well," he responded, "yes, your senses are now much more enhanced than a normal's - more akin to those of a wolf. As night falls you will notice that your vision has also vastly improved. The subject of our search will also have an improved nose, but more targeted toward finding two things - his own kind and normal human blood."
"Human blood?" they both cried out simultaneously.
"Yes, yes. Human blood. You see, his type, to whom I referred to as ghouls, actually have another name, and it was quite well known on the Earth of your ancestors, just as it is well known and feared in this world. The colloquial term one uses is vampire."
Jennie turned around and came to a full stop, looking aghast at Draagh, trying to process this new revelation. Not having been a fan of fantasy novels as a youth, and more into technical documentation, she had still read a couple of ancient authors' novels regarding vampires, and as she thought further she knew that lycan sounded familiar. Werewolves, fairies, ogres and other assorted mythical creatures also rung a bell, as well as witches and warlocks (who, by the way, were quite evil in the works she had experienced). Of course, she never believed that any of those things could have ever existed, but this new, impromptu experience was playing a cruel game of connect the dots in her mind.
"Just a minute," said Jennie, "vampires, as I remember from fictional reading, subsisted on human blood. I believe they were also the immortal dead, would die if exposed to sunlight, and had an aversion to the Christian cross. Are these so-called vampires also sensitive to those things?"
Draagh motioned for the three to continue walking deeper in the woods, and plainly stated, "Oh, my dear, no. Well, a bit is true, and a bit is legend. These vampires do indeed have a need to consume the blood of humans, but they live. Yes! They are indeed quite alive. However, they are not immortal, and although alive, are constantly fending off a state of continual decomposition. The energy of this world barely keeps them in a state of living existence, but they slowly disintegrate, as you can tell from Lt. Johnson's already-changed scent. Of course, never having met the man I cannot tell you, but he may or may not have an aversion to sunlight. He is still fleeing on foot, and it is indeed broad daylight, although under the cover of the forest, so it seems that he could be what is called an enlightened one - that is, a vampire who can survive, albeit with some discomfort, in the ultraviolet rays of the sun. Yes, he appears to be quite strong - and lucky for him too! If he had not been of that caste we would have found a smoldering corpse hanging in that tree where his silken evacuation device was snagged."
Max plodded along, sweeping the rear, while looking around and back to make sure that Johnson hadn't flanked them. Max knew that Johnson was a military man - a soldier, and one highly educated in the art of war, while he himself was a scientist with minimal military training, despite his rank of commander. He had never possessed a command outside the laboratory, but he was adept at leading and organizing, as he had led a team of scientists throughout the SSCC research and development that later facilitated his trip to Earth.
"So Draagh," Max asked, "Technology doesn't work in this world, right?"
Draagh nodded while walking a few meters ahead, using his staff as a large walking stick.
"That is correct, my son, and that is why Lt. Johnson's ship failed to get further than it did. It simply stopped working, and of course, crashed where we found it."
"And which world is this?" asked Jennie.
"We are in the Black Forest of Bavaria, the year being 4267 Christian era. We have slipped to Earth's future, by 1,450 years, give or take a few. Oh the marvel of it all! - and the best part is that here, yes here the two of you will be able to avail yourselves of all the wonders of your heritage."
The two military officers had astonished looks on their faces. They could hardly understand traveling from one location to another with a large stick, but the addition of time travel made it all the more confusing.
"…and Max, you will have quite a bit more to learn than young Jennie here."
Jennie gave Max a rather smug oh, don't I know it type of look, but her face changed to that of astonishment when the old man continued.
"Max, I must tutor you in the ways of magic, as you are not only a lycan, but also a mage."
They both burst out laughing as Draagh watched them fall into hysterics.
"Magic? Magic?" exclaimed Max. "Magic is mythical. There is… hey, so what you do is magic? It looked more technical than that, with you using your staff and whipping out a holographic console… that's magic?"
Jennie jumped in and said, "I thought it was technical too."
"My children," continued Draagh, "magic permeates everything here. It is all around us, and while it is true that it was not available to you on the Earth we just left, it did exist in Earth's past. Do you not remember me recounting the history of Earth, and how there was a form of energy?" Both nodded as he continued. "And then how we modified Man's genetic code in order for him to advance on its own? Well, that energy was magic - is magic. Yes, magic indeed. This world is full of it. We restored man's ability to harness magic on this world."
"But Draagh," asked Max, "if I can perform magic, why can't Jennie? Is there something wrong with her? Is she broken or something?"
Jennie shot Max a hateful glare, but Draagh waved his hand in dismissal as he laughed lightly.
"Oh my dear boy, No, Jennie is not broken. In fact she is quite a fine specimen," to which Jennie immediately thought, Huh? Specimen? Pervert!  Then Draagh looked at her kindly and said, "My dear young lady. You are lycan, and a fine one too, but Max here is of mixed heritage. You see, the only beings that can perform magic in this, or any other world, are called mages. Of course, there are magical objects that enable normals and enhanced non-mages to perform certain functions, but for the most part, only mages are able to take advantage of the full spectrum of the wonders that we call magic!"
Draagh said the last word with a boom in his voice, causing dozens of birds fly away in a startled panic. Both Max and Jennie could hear the individual flapping of every wing in the sky, and once the birds had made sufficient distance between themselves and the newcomers, the three listened in silence.
"Johnson's gone," said Jennie.
"Yeah, he's no longer on my lidar, either," added Max, half-jesting, as he didn't have laser-radar, per se, but did have amazing, enhanced senses that dictated Johnson was out of their range.
Draagh let out a small sigh, then casually took his pipe out from the pocket in his coat. Filling it from his satchel, he lit the bowl with a small flame that emanated from the tip of his finger, which surprised Jennie, but not Max, as he had seen Draagh do that before. After a couple of relaxing puffs, Jennie cried out, "Oh. My. God! Are you smoking…  pot?"
Draagh gave her a sheepish grin and said, "I prefer to call it by its proper scientific name on Earth, which is cannabis sativa, and I must insist that it is quite a noble herb." He looked up and away, as if shooing off all criticism.
"Um, so…. you're smoking pot," she retorted.
Max chuckled with a goofy grin. "Yup. Pops is a toaster," with toaster being the term used on Azul to describe someone who smoked the plant.
"Well, let us continue on our little journey. I could easily slip us over to our destination, but I feel it would be best if you used the walk to become accustomed to your new abilities," said Draagh.
They continued on, but at a slight angle of north by northwest. As they moved forward, smelling and listening, they noticed that even their exposed skin took in environmental information.
"Hey, Gunnarsson," asked Jennie, "Did you ever even have any military training?"
Max briefly looked at her as they rambled through the forest, and responded by saying, "Oh, I had a bit, and the physical part was easy. I blew right through it, but I was much more interested in the tactical aspects. I was assigned to the scientific division for the SSCC project, so I wasn't given that much time in the field. Oh, and could you call me Max? No need to be so formal."
"No. Gunnarsson," she said flatly, but added, "I could call you dick-head, if you like."
Max winced. This girl didn't like him at all. Or at least she was acting that way. Jennie turned her head slightly away and cracked a small smile. She didn't respect him a whole lot on a military level, but she found him kind of amusing. She liked humor, even though it didn't show much through her tough, yet dega-beautiful exterior.
The three continued ahead, and came upon a clearing. In the distance, five kilometers from their location, was a massive castle, similar to those in Earth's ancient past.
"That is our destination," stated Draagh, "The stronghold of Krynos, leader of a powerful and well-organized lycan clan. It is there that you two will learn of your newfound abilities and hone your skills, as you will soon need to put them to good use."
"So we will train there?" asked Jennie?
"Yes, that is quite correct, my dear," Draagh responded.
"So who are we going to train with?" Max questioned.
Draagh grinned softly and said, "Why, the young and the newly-turned, most likely."

As lycans, vampires and cannibals all had specific viruses coursing through their systems, they were able to convert normals to their kinds via infection. And while vampires turned normals due to the fact that they had short lifespans and dropped off like flies, lycans did so out of love and respect. If a lycan clan leader encountered a normal whom he felt would be an excellent addition to the family, and if that normal agreed to the change, an addition was made to the already ample numbers in the clan. This was done during an ancient and detailed ceremony by the lycans, while vampires simply bit their target, exchanged blood, and then buried the unwitting fool in the ground (which wasn't even necessary), waiting for him/her to emerge from the dirt the following evening, terrified and horribly changed. Cannibals bit anyone in range as they usually rambled about in a state of rage and hunger. The major difference in infection (besides particular abilities) between the cannibals and the lycans and vampires was that cannibals were rendered sterile upon infection, and thereby unable to reproduce, while lycans and vampires could create families and further their own bloodlines.
Max started to make a mental in-depth analysis of everything he had been told. He was a lycan and a mage. Not only that, they were in the distant future, in order to learn to use their abilities, which activated upon their arrival.
"Draagh," Max asked, "you brought us here to train, and I can understand that part. We should learn from those who are like us. That much is logical. I mean, if I needed to learn how to be a hard-ass bitch I would want to train under Jennie," earning him a glare of pure, unadulterated contempt from the beautiful woman. Max continued, being quite pleased with himself, as he felt he had thrown a valid insult at her.
"But wouldn't it have been easier to bring someone to us for training? Why are we training in the first place? You have only mentioned that we need to train for something that will happen in the future - our future, which is now in the past, and as the Vrol are headed toward Azul, I can only assume that this is what you mean. Also, as you said that magic doesn't work for us on Azul, thereby negating our ability to access our enhanced skills, how will this help?"
Draagh continued walking down a worn path toward the castle they had entered only moments before and said, "Those were nice, compound questions, my boy. Max, perhaps I should have been a bit more descriptive with you in what we need to accomplish. Yes, it is true that the Vrol are on their way to Azul. So yes, your training shall help you to defeat them, but the beings of this world live in a society quite different from that of your world. It is much more logical to bring you to their environment, rather than ripping them from everything they have ever known, and then expect them to implement a training regimen. Plus, it would require the process of changing someone's genetics, in order to be able to attune them to a world's energy frequency. I will do this to you both before we return to your world. Oh, and time does not work that way. The Vrol are still on their way to Azul."
Max looked thoughtful for a moment, and then asked, "Then why not just change the energy frequency on Azul, like you did here, making it in tune with our genetics?"
Draagh gave Max a surprised look and exclaimed, "My dear boy! Could you imagine tens of thousands of newly-activated lycans and vampires running around, without a clue as to what was happening to them? Utter chaos! The streets would be stained with blood, and Azul would be ripe and helpless for the Vrol invasion. No, my son. What I intend to do is to modify the genetics of only you two, sync'ing you both with Azul's frequency after we have left this beautiful world. Added to that, I shall implement a process where part of the magical energy on Azul shall be reactivated. This will result result in people not turning into bloodthirsty beasts, although some may experience substantial regenerative capabilities. Those unfortunate enough to carry the recessive vampire gene will suddenly experience very bad cases of bodily odor, which, by the way, could present you with an excellent business opportunity with the creation of vamp-away body spray, or something similar to that. Anyway, I digress - your abilities will be key in defeating the Vrol, so I feel I have chosen the best plan for all involved."
Jennie, who had been silent during this portion of the conversation, suddenly blurted out, "Well, I have a question. If Earthers had almost defeated the Vrol with their inferior technology, why can't we on Azul? I mean, we are much further advanced than Earth ever became."
Draagh paused and pondered her question for a moment, knowing the answer all along.
"Why Jennie, you indeed have quite a sharp mind, but do you remember how, when Earth had nearly defeated the Vrol, an amoebic infection was set upon the planet?"
Both Max and Jennie nodded their heads as Draagh continued. "If mankind had been allowed to continue with the use of magic, the Vrol invasion would have been much quicker. Militarily, the Vrol would have decimated the planet in a number of days - hours, even. You see, if we had allowed magic to continue on Earth, then humans would have never had the need, nor desire, to create their own technological wonders. So, the amoebic infection would not have been possible, nor even necessary. Mankind would have perished due to a lack of the weapons of war, while magic would have fought off any sort of biological attack. In order to save Azul, we will need both magic and technology." 
Chapter 12 - Meet Krynos, your King

With Draagh in the lead, the trio approached the castle on a broad path that ended at a massive moat that surrounded the property (and  happened to be much larger than most lakes that Max had seen in his life). Numerous soldiers, dressed in Viking-like garb, similar to Draagh, were posted at the top of the south-facing castle wall and had trained their crossbows on the new arrivals, with one barking out a command.
"Halt! Who are you, old man? And who are the two at your side?"
"I am Draagh, one of the Prīmulī, here to seek council with Krynos. Please inform him of my arrival, as I am sure he is expecting me. My two young lycan companions are Max and Jennie, who have come to train in the ways of their brethren."
Roughly 90 seconds later a massive drawbridge started to drop, eventually forming a pathway across the enormous moat, allowing the three to walk toward the castle's common area. Max looked over the edge as they proceeded into the castle grounds, noticing movement in the murky water below.
"Take care, there Max," Draagh said with some urgency to his voice, "lest you fall in and become a delicious appetizer for those guarding the moat."
Max cringed, and asked, "What are they? They look pretty darned big."
Draagh peered looked at the moat while standing next to Max and said, "They are genetically-modified great white sharks, able to live in fresh water - and they are hungry. Always hungry, yes they are - and quite intelligent. Much like a domesticated canine."
Max shuddered and backed away from the edge, looking over to see Jennie standing next to an imposing figure at the gate's entrance - a handsome, bearded man, two meters in height, dressed down in impressive-looking full battle armor.
"Krynos will grant you audience now. Please follow me. Oh, and it is a pleasure to see you again, Lord Draagh," said the soldier, giving the mage a slight bow.
Jennie gave him a cute smile, but when he did not reciprocate she let out a small humph, and continued in with the other three into the courtyard area, where they then headed towards a large, oaken door.
The four entered into a massive room with high ceilings, their escort in the lead, who then kneeled down before an empty throne.
"All kneel before the throne of Krynos!" ordered the soldier.
Draagh also kneeled, and looked over at Max and Jennie, nodding his head down to the ground, prompting them to follow suit.
From a side entrance to the throne in walked an older gentleman, handsome despite his apparent years, wearing a crown of gold and black obsidian upon his head. Vague wrinkles lined his eyes, and he maintained a short, dark brown beard that appeared to be well trimmed. Standing next to the throne, he spoke out in a large and booming voice.
"That will be all, Donus," and waved the large man off. Then, giving the newly arrived trio a stern look, he slowly moved down the wide stair path from the throne area, when he suddenly shouted "Draagh! My brother! So good to see you!" and started laughing uproariously.
Draagh cracked a smile and stood up, only to be bear-hugged by the larger man, who spun him around one complete turn and then set him back on Earth.
"Krynos," Draagh almost coughed, "it is certainly good to see you also. My back also thanks you, yes indeed, as it has been giving me quite a bit of pain lately. I really should see to it one day soon."
Krynos then looked at Max and Jennie, who were still in a kneeling position, and said, "So, these are the ones of whom you spoke? The ones from past Earth with no skills in the ways of their brethren?"
"Indeed, they are," responded Draagh, "and we have come a long way to see if we might assist them in their attempt to reclaim their birthrights. Would this be possible?"
Krynos surveyed them for a moment, and then said, in a loud and authoritative voice, "You, boy - stand up."
Max jumped to his feet and looked straight-ahead, avoiding eye contact with Krynos.
"What is your name, young pup?"
Max responded, still looking dead ahead, saying, "Commander Maximilianus Xavier Gunnarsson, of Azul Military Scientific Research and Development, Sir!"
Jennie's eyes grew big, as she had never heard Max respond to anything in a military fashion such as this. She was mildly impressed - until hearing Krynos' response.
"Commander? Not here, young one, not here, but we shall see how far you can progress… without being killed!"
Max remained at attention while Jennie gulped and waited her turn, which came next.
"And you, young lass -obviously one of our bloodline. A handsome woman you are. Stand up so that I may survey the fine works of our creators."
Jennie stood up, with a perplexed look on her face, but gazed straight into Krynos' eyes.
"Ahh, a brave one, I see!" said Krynos. "What would be your name, young lady?"
Jennie maintained eye contact with Krynos.
"Jennie Escalante, my liege."
Max looked at her through the corner of his eye, unable to believe that she would have been so willing to not state her military rank, but then again, his was just poo-pooed away by a lycan king. Krynos looked Jennie up and down, obviously pleased with her appearance, as she was quite a stunning woman, despite being dressed in an exploratory field uniform. He then looked at Draagh, while saying, "I like this one. She has guts, and guts are what we need here, but this other one… I am not so sure."
"Oh, I believe you will find Max to be quite formidable," said Draagh. "He comes from an excellent bloodline, yes, excellent indeed."
Krynos looked back over at Max, but while still speaking to Draagh he asked, "To whose bloodline do you refer, my old friend?"
"Why, mine, of course! He is my grandson."
Both Max and Jennie immediately looked slack jawed over at Draagh, as Max croaked, "Huh? My - your, what?" Draagh smiled as he moved a bit closer to the two.
"Yes, my dear boy. Do you remember how I told you that you had more in common with my bloodline than that of the vicious idiot flying around Machu Picchu? Well, that was all true and correct. Your father is my son."
"What? Charles Gunnarsson is your son? That's impossible. I knew my paternal grandfather, Kenneth Gunnarsson, and his wife, and all of my cousins, and -"
Draagh waved his hand, silencing the young man instantaneously.
Max stood there, looking stunned, along with Jennie, who could not believe what she was hearing. Draagh grinned as Krynos boomed out, "Excellent! A member of the House of Draagh is always welcome in my kingdom!"
"Well, I do not exactly have a house," stated Draagh, as he continued to smile.
"Nonetheless! Max is welcome among my ranks, as well as his fine mate here," Krynos finished.
"Hey! I'm no one's mate! Especially not his!" Jennie shot back.
"Not yet, my dear, not yet," replied Krynos, looking at a blushing Max.
Jennie rolled her eyes as Max tried to compose himself. It wasn't as if he hadn't considered what Krynos had just said, but to have it thrown out there like that was a bit embarrassing.
"So Draagh," said Max, "how is it that your son is my father? Was my father, Charles, aware of you? I'm totally confused now."
Max adored his parents, but his mother was the only one surviving of the two Charles had died a few years prior, and Max certainly missed him.
"My son, the fact is that neither your father nor your mother were aware of the truth. Charles Gunnarsson was not my son, nor was he your biological father. The name of your father is the Taxiarch, Mija-El, also known as Michael. You see, Michael had a certain fondness for lycan females, and your mother was certainly beautiful, so he was not to blame."
Max knew this to be true. His mother was indeed a gorgeous woman, and still was, even for her advanced age.
"Michael was, for lack of a better term, dating your mother. However, when she was to found to be with child - that is, pregnant with you, he could not bear to merely terminate your potential existence. So, he arranged for your mother and Charles Gunnarsson to meet, after he had modified her memories, of course. Fortunately, when your mother met Charles, they consummated their new relationship very quickly."
"How…umm, quickly…did they?" asked Jennie.
Draagh looked up, feigning innocence, and said, "Oh, on the very first date."
"Oh my God! I so did not need to know that!" yelled Max.
Krynos broke into the conversation, announcing a feast in the main dining hall in the honor of his three new arrivals - his old friend Draagh, and his new friends and lycan brethren, Max and Jennie. Max never got a chance to ask more about his bio-dad, and later on wished that he did. Draagh and Michael were nothing alike.

The main dining hall was adorned with the clan's red and black colors - large rectangular tapestries waving gently, a meter wide by three meters high, hanging from the ceiling and staggered every 10 meters. Long, massive wooden tables hosted dozens of golden goblets each, with innumerable quantities of plates, all ready to be filled with delicious consumables.
As soon as the doors opened, dozens of clan members entered the hall, some soldiers and some dressed in more normal garb, taking places at tables that seemed to be pre-defined. Draagh, Max and Jennie entered from behind the main stage, along with Krynos, to the raucous cheers of the clan.
"My brothers and sisters! I command your attention. Today is a great day, as we have been visited not only by a great ally and friend, our brother Draagh," the crowd roared with appreciation as Krynos continued, "but also by his two young charges, lycans, brought home to the land of their kin, Max and Jennie."
With that the entire great hall was on their feet, heads pointed to the sky, howling at the waning gibbous moon - that is, the moon that had just recently been full. This was actually a good thing, as Max and Jennie had well over a month to train before experiencing their first full transformation. The three stepped out onto the platform overlooking the great hall and waved awkwardly. Draagh shot his clenched fist up into the air, causing uproarious cheers from the lycans. Then all three walked over and took their places at either side of Krynos at the main table, with Max alone on one side and Jennie seated with Draagh on the other. She had no desire to sit next to Max - at all.
Draagh then stood up, and in a loud voice addressed all in attendance, bellowing, "Attention all lycans of the Rhönen Dominion! I present to you, in the name of our king Krynos - the feast!"
He slammed his staff into the ground, and every plate and every goblet filled instantly with delicious mead and meat, respectively.
At once the entire hall fell into a state of silence. All of the lycans, Krynos, Jennie and Max looked at their place settings. Everyone's goblet was filled, overstuffed with steaming-hot animal flesh, while their plates were spilling over with amber-colored mead, the Dominion's signature fortified wine.
Krynos whispered to his old friend saying, "Brother, your spell is backwards!"
The mage looked down, taken aback, his eyes instantly growing large as he noticed his error and said, "Oh my! I shall correct this straight away!" He then slammed his staff down on the ground twice - once for clearing the plates and goblets, and once again to refill them, albeit this time correctly. Then, while looking out at the silent attendance hall, he shouted, "Eat, my brothers and sisters!"
Everyone in attendance tore into their plates, including Jennie. That is, everyone, except Max, who was still looking around for silverware with which to properly cut his meat. Draagh saw his grandson's perplexed look, so he waved his hand, conjuring a simple fork and knife at the sides of Max's plate. As Max took his fork and diddled around with his food, he looked over on the other side of where King Krynos was seated, and saw Jennie eating with her bare hands, just like the other lycans. At first he found it mildly disgusting, having been raised to use proper table etiquette, but at the same time he thought it was rather sexy. But the most disconcerting part of it all was that he looked out to see other male Dominion pack members watching her, causing him to become highly territorial. In fact, a low, involuntary growl emanated from the back of his throat.
Jennie looked out, scanning the crowd, as she shoved ample quantities of meat into her mouth and chewed furiously. She hadn't eaten in an entire a day and was famished to say the least. As she ate she looked out at the large room, and numerous lycans attracted her eye, but none captured it, even though they kept staring at her with hopeful looks of interest. Lycan women tended to be beautiful to the extreme - in comparison to normals, and especially vampires, but Jennie was above and apart. Max watched the crowd, but he was thinking of other things, like the recent revelation that Charles Gunnarsson was not his father. He loved his parents more than anything, but always knew in his heart that his resemblance, both physical and spiritual, was with Clarisa, and not Charles. He was, using a slang term, a momma's boy. He wanted to feel betrayed, but could not, because he had gained a grandfather. A very special grandfather.
The celebration went on for some hours, with lycan males dancing on the tables, playing a friendly game which consisted of taking whatever they could get their hands on and trying to knock their closest opponent unconscious, all in an apparent attempt to impress the young dega seated at Krynos' table. Max watched Draagh, who clapped his hands and laughed with great amusement, obviously enjoying the spectacle. Not minding the display of testosterone himself, Max sipped his mead and nibbled near-raw chunks of venison, while Jennie watched all the competing males with a mild interest.
At the end of the feast all three were taken to private quarters, with each having their own room. The rooms themselves were not huge, but quite adequate. In fact, both Jennie and Max found their rooms to be quite nice, as they were accustomed to military-style housing, which was small in comparison. As he studied his room he saw that it had a washroom and lavatory facility. Having come from a highly advanced civilization where sanitary needs were taken care of by technology, he cringed at the thought of having an ancient restroom in his quarters. He kept this in mind and didn't expect much, save for a rancid smell upon entering his small toilet. However, to his surprise, there was absolutely no scent whatsoever - it smelled as if it had never been used before. He later found that, although this new world looked like Earth of the Middle Ages, it had certain amenities, such as running water, sanitation and irrigation, that were all made possible by magic.
While Jennie and Draagh had passed out almost immediately, Max stood by his window, which overlooked the Black Forest. Thinking over everything that had happened to him in the past couple of days, he started to wonder if he was dead, but then pinched himself and came to the painful conclusion that it was all very real. So many revelations in such a short period - he was a lycan and a mage, Charles Gunnarsson wasn't his father, and his bio-dad was what Draagh called the Taxiarch - some sort of advanced being. To top it all off, his grandfather was an immortal toaster-head with the ability to travel through space and time - and torch a bowl with his magic fingernail lighter.
The waning moon hung in mid-air, and all was silent, with the exception of the snoring of the now sleeping revelers. His new and improved hearing made sure that he could even count the number of people sleeping within earshot. Max made a mental note to learn how to tune down his amplified senses as sleep would not come easily to him that night.
Restless, he snuck out of his room, and tiptoed down the hallway, coming to Jennie's quarters. He wanted to see if she was awake, and perhaps pass a bit of time chatting with her, if she would allow it. She seemed to be warming up to him throughout the day, but was still rather standoffish. He put an ear to the door, which he really didn't have to do, and as he couldn't hear any snoring, tapped the large, oaken portal. No answer. So he turned the large, iron handle and slowly pushed the door open. Jennie was in bed, nary making a sound, but what he saw set his heart on fire.
She was lying on her back, bed sheets pushed down, with her legs slightly turned to the side, wearing nothing but a white, military-regulation tank top and light blue panties. Her perfectly-shaped bosom slowly rose and lowered with each gentle breath, while she wore a look of complete peace on her beautiful, sleeping face. He stepped in to get a closer view, and noticed her black hair, laid out, almost perfectly on her fluffy, white pillow. He never really paid attention to her hair before, as it was previously pulled back into a ponytail, but the sight was like something out of a holo-advert he had seen as a youth. Standing there and staring at her, he saw her face contort slightly and her lips start to purse. She was dreaming. She then started to move around in her bed, lightly kicking a leg out, her head moving from side to side. Max started to back away, but she sat up with a bolt; eyes wide open and looking directly at him.

"Gunnarsson! What the hell are you doing in my quarters?"

Chapter 13 - Training Begins

"Umm, I, uh, heard something. It's this damned hearing. I couldn't sleep, and I was kinda concerned," Max stammered, although not very convincingly.
Jennie drew her bed sheets up over her lower half, well aware that he could see her panties, and said authoritatively, "Gunnarsson, get out… and don't ever come in again unless I invite you, you goddamned dweeb."
"Sorry," Max said with a meek voice, and departed her chambers, closing the massive door behind him.
Pausing in the hallway he thought to himself, What the hell was I thinking? She is way beyond anything I could ever…anything. Aw shit, I should just forget about it, and went back to his room to experience a rather restless sleep.
Jennie sat on her bed, a light coating of sweat covering her dark, perfect skin. Before she awoke, she was having that same dream, where she was running through the woods and chasing deer. But this time the dream was different - she caught one - she caught one, and tore at its throat with her teeth. This resulted in severing the beast's carotid artery and covering everything in a massive spray of hot, delicious red blood. It was at that moment that she woke up, only to find the interloper Gunnarsson in her room. Sitting there, she turned around slightly, her figure accentuated in the soft moonlight, and looked out through the window that was above the headboard of her bed.
"Admiral," she thought out loud, "I only hope that you made the right decision sending me here."
Morning came, and came too soon for Max, but Jennie had rested, as well as Draagh, who never seemed to have any problem sleeping. All three exited their quarters at the same time, being able to hear activities in the others' rooms. Draagh yawned, stretching his arms out a bit, while Jennie gave Max a look of near-contempt. Noting her facial expression, and then turning to Max, Draagh started the morning's conversation.
"Well now, my children. Did we sleep well? I certainly hope so, as you shall have a busy day. Yes, a busy day, indeed."
Jennie responded, "I'm hungry. Where's the mess hall?"
Max added, "Yeah, I need to get something in my stomach. I didn't sleep very well at all."
Draagh motioned to the two for them to follow him down the spacious hallway, where they encountered a back stairway and descended to an area where women were bringing plates of food to men who looked like soldiers, dressed in various types of leather garments, each unique in a slightly different way than the others. They took their seats at an unoccupied table, with plates of food set before them before they even asked - meat (of course), what appeared to be a sort of porridge, and to Jennie's delight, yerba mate (mah-tay), her favorite non-alcoholic beverage. Max surveyed his morning meal, pleased with its contents, and first took a sip of his drink.
"Mate! I love mate!" he exclaimed. "We never had any in the science division, so we always drank coffee, but when I was young my mom would always prepare some for me on cold days. I even had an antique bombilla from Earth, but could only use it on special occasions." A bombilla was a specialized, metal straw with a bulbous end that had numerous holes in it, in order to filter the leaves and stems from the mate infusion. Max's bombilla was priceless, as were most artifacts from Earth.
Surprised, Jennie looked at Max, not having realized he would have known anything about her beloved mate.
"Gunnarsson, you drink mate? It's my favorite thing to drink, well, besides fernet," to which she gave him an almost friendly smile.
"Oh yeah, my mom was from Mendoza, in Nueva Argentina, and I was born in Córdoba. It was kind of a cultural thing."
"No way!" exclaimed Jennie. "I was born in Buenos Aires, in NA! Are you…. part dego?"
Max looked over at Draagh, who nodded his head in the affirmative, and then included, on Max's behalf, "He would be half dego, from his mother's side, but quite a different being from his father's half."
Then, still looking at Draagh, a most curious and unexpected things came out of Max's mouth.
"Si, como vos sabés más que nosotros (yes, as you know more than us)."
Jennie looked at Max, completely stunned. There was more to him than she had previously believed, but she still thought he was a bit weak and not worthy of much further attention. He didn't fit her ideal of a man and was a bit of a virtual peeping tom as far as she was concerned. In any case, they were to train together, so, with this new revelation that they were from the same federal state, she decided that she would try to give him a bit more respect from thereon out - but only a bit more. Still, she wanted to ask a few more questions, as they dug into their morning meal.
"So Gunnarsson, what kind of food do you like? Is there anything at the top of your list?"
Max looked pensive for a moment, and then responded, "Well, of course I love beef. That has to be my favorite, but I also like ancient Peruvian cuisine, like a good parihuela."
Jennie knew of the Peruvian seafood soup, and wrinkled her nose a bit, saying, "Ew, I was never much into shellfish, but I heard that Earth's oceans had better tasting fish and stuff. Well, at least that's what my grandfather - erm, father… used to say."
Max grinned and went on eating, finishing his porridge, and getting up to leave he looked around for the recycle repository, seeing nothing even remotely close. As he went to grab his plate it was swished out of his hands by an attending lycan female.
"My Lord has finished? We shall care for your place settings."
Max and Jennie looked at each other with a bit of surprise, and then Jennie stood up from her seat, expecting the same treatment, to which none came. Max, seeking to forge a slightly more amicable relationship with his beautiful counterpart, called out to the castle servants
"Excuse me, young lady? Jennie here is a warrior and is to receive the same attention as the rest of us."
A different attendant rushed over, apologizing while bowing her head. There weren't many female soldiers in the Rhönen Dominion, and Jennie planned on changing that, rather quickly. Draagh got a big grin while looking at Max, who had a small expression of achievement on his face.
The training grounds were nicely sized - about the size of a football (soccer) pitch, 120 by 80 meters, and had what appeared to be workstations of various types. Max and Jennie were split up into different groups, which disconcerted Max, but quite pleased Jennie, who preferred fewer distractions than watching the bumbling scientist stumble around. The two went about training at various workstations, with Jennie occasionally spying on Max, just to see how he was doing. To her surprise, he was quite agile, and easily completed obstacle courses, able to make incredible leaps over various walls and moats, while landing firmly on his feet, more like a feline than a canine. Of course, she had little difficulty at the same time, but was still impressed with his innate athletic skills.

While Max and Jennie continued training, the first day being on skills of athleticism, Draagh met with Krynos in the king's private offices. Sitting there, the two began discussing the purpose of their visit to the Rhönen Dominion.
"I cannot display enough of my sincere gratitude for your hospitality, my Lord," said Draagh, "and I am sure that my two young charges are equally grateful."
Krynos nodded, and then asked, "I would like to know further what your intentions are, as you had only mentioned that you were going to bring a couple of younglings in for training. They are truly from years past?"
"Yes," responded the old mage, bearing a look of satisfaction, "I had to thread the needle quite delicately, so to say, in order to get the two into the same location. You see, as I had mentioned last night, Max is my grandson, and such an offspring rarely, if ever, comes along. He has the potential to be quite an impressive man, and, given the proper training, will play a great role in preventing the destruction of his home world."
Krynos gave Draagh an interested gaze and asked, "So, tell me about this world from which they come. I assume, as they are lycan, that they are also quite human. Both are handsome, and the female would birth many strong and beautiful pups. The boy, I am sure, would make a fine sire, but his size is not that of our smallest warriors, which could be a concern. As you say he shall play a part in defending his world, how shall he accomplish this, being of such small stature?"
Draagh smiled, his blue eyes twinkling in the candlelight. "Their world is called Azul, a planet quite distant from here. His ancestors made a long and arduous journey of over 300 years to arrive there, but once they set foot on the planet's surface they went about creating quite a beautiful and peaceful society."
"Bah!" said Krynos. "Peaceful? That sounds weak to me!"
"Oh my, no, my good friend, not weak. Not weak at all. You see, their planet has a more powerful gravitational field than this world, so their strength is naturally more than that of someone their size here," added the wizard, trying to redirect their conversation.
"Gravity? What is this gravity of which you speak?" the lycan king demanded.
Draagh continued, "Gravity is a force of nature. It is what keeps your boots on the ground, and keeps you, and everything else, from flying off into space. Remember how I showed you that this world is a giant globe that spins around and circles the sun?"
Krynos looked thoughtful for a moment, and then responded, "Yes, my friend, I do remember that much. So what you are saying is that the magic that keeps us on the soft earth is stronger where they come from, resulting in them having greater strength than would appear?
Draagh's eyes lit up a bit and he nodded his head, not wishing to confuse his friend any further. It was obvious that the concept of gravity was rudimentarily understood. He then arose from his chair and walked around the room, thinking for a moment before addressing Krynos' rejection of peace.
"My Lord, as you are well aware, the Earth of the past depended on technology, of which, for the most part, is unavailable here, except for certain special locations which have been effectively guarded from the overreaching effects of this world's magic, your sub-chambers being one of those locations. Their world is soon to be besieged by an alien race - the same vile creatures that decimated this planet so many centuries ago. These two youths are to play a big role in their planet's defense, which will call for not only the skills and strength of lycans, but also magic and their planet's existing technology. There are others on that world, those of the vampire recessive genes, but they are mostly cowards and petty thieves and thus cannot be trusted in the defense of an entire planet."
Draagh then looked into Kryno's eyes and asked, "How go the efforts to fortify the northern borders against Vladros and his cohorts?"
Krynos stood up from behind his desk and said, "At present they offer no difficulties. Come, old friend. Let us enter my sub-chambers and look upon the equipment you so kindly provided many years past."
The two exited Kryno's offices via a hidden side entrance and navigated down a narrow, winding stair path, encountering a door made of iron and mahogany. Krynos opened the door and entered into a small, circular alcove, with Draagh following him inside. From there, Krynos pressed a rather modern-looking button on the wall, making sure that his thumbprint was well-read by the device, causing the alcove to rotate 180 degrees, where another, more modern door opened on its own, revealing a computer room.
"Ah, I see that everything is functioning normally, as it should," said Draagh. "It was quite a fun task, creating a sub-dimensional pocket in which to facilitate this equipment. So, that being said, may I survey the vampire population database?"
Krynos bowed slightly, opening his left arm as an invitation for Draagh to approach the computer consoles. "I do love these archaic devices," stated Draagh. "I still have a fondness for what was known as the Internet, even though its free and unfettered use instigated the downfall of liberty in Earth's past."
Krynos had heard this before, in great detail, when Draagh had set up this room and instructed him on the usage of the various computing devices, but he still enjoyed hearing things of worlds, especially ancient Earth.
"Yes, old friend, please recount what happened there," Krynos inquired.
"Ahem, yes, indeed," Draagh cleared his throat, as he then started, "Mankind had advanced technologically and had created a wonderful network of communications. The entire planet was abuzz with instantaneous information on anything and everything that happened, on a minute-by-minute basis even. People on opposite sides of the world could watch each other as they spoke of their daily activities. Wondrous musical compositions played on-demand, and there was an incredible amount of cute puppy vids available."
"Ah, but were there also cats in these vids of which you speak?" interjected Krynos.
"Why yes, there were - in substantial numbers, and quite adorable," responded the mage.
"I do not much care for cats, but we allow them in the castle to cull the rodents," added the lycan king, while bearing a look of distaste.
Already knowing that particular fact, Draagh continued. "Going on, unfortunately for the people, those in power, the ones called politicians, did not take so kindly to having their lives, crimes and corruptions posted onto personal and informational news sites. So, while working in cooperation with each other, they used that same media to manipulate the perceptions of the populace, attaining more and more control over the people. This was also done by providing them with things, such as food, shelter, personal communications devices, transportation and other assorted conveniences - things they, for the most part, should have acquired on their own."  
"But I provide these things for my people! Food! Shelter! Clothing, and strong quadrinium for which to slay our enemies! How could that have been a bad thing?" exclaimed Krynos.
Draagh continued, slightly amused he was telling this same story to Krynos for the seventh time, but still enjoying it. "My liege, the main difference between your lycans and those of Earth past is that each of your people perform a function - some sort of duty. All are paid in gold, and gladly contribute to the common good. Further, is it not possible that a great warrior can obtain his own kingdom?"
A broad smile grew on Krynos' handsome face, and he said, "Why yes! Just three lunar cycles ago, one of my finest warriors conquered lands from the lovers of death on the north-western borders. I even sent troops to assist in the rebuilding of a castle on his behalf."
Draagh grinned and continued, "Well, that is the difference between how you operate, and how these so-called politicians functioned. You see, as they made the people more and more dependent upon their free necessities and luxuries, the politicians gained massive control over their daily lives, and were able to easily convince the population that if they did not allow them, the politicians, to make certain changes, such as the regulation of public speech, that their free standard of living would come to a screeching halt. Of course, no longer knowing how to stand on their own, the people willingly sacrificed their liberties to keep things the same. News outlets parroted the words of the leadership; people were required to get licenses in order to be able to spread out information, with those licenses being revoked if one said anything that was not approved by a censorship board within the governments of Earth. The result being the politicians living luxurious and splendid lives, while the people suffered and starved, toiling to keep their leaders fat and happy."
"Did these politicians not demand passage on the great ships that brought man to the new planet?" asked Krynos, full-well knowing the answer.
"Yes they did!" continued the mage. "Oh, the brash arrogance of it all. They were keen on continuing their amoral lifestyles on the new world, all at the expense of the people, but they were tossed out into the cold depths of space, in a most celebratory fashion, I might add."
Krynos shot his arms into the air, and in a booming voice said, "Ha! - And well done too! These politicians remind me of the vampires! Crooked and evil to their very cores they are!"
Draagh then added something he had never told Krynos during their past discussions. "Interesting, as most politicians carried the recessive vampire gene. Were you aware? Anyway, let us now analyze your database, old friend. It appears you have been doing a splendid job with its upkeep."
Then, the two leaders, one a nearly-immortal lycan and one nearly god-like, sat in chairs and started going over data, noting substantial numbers of population increases for both vampires and cannibals, while seeing corresponding decreases in the numbers of normals.
By the afternoon, both Max and Jennie had successfully navigated and conquered every physical test laid before them, leaving the other trainees in the proverbial dust. In fact, Max even beat the young lycan woman by a full half hour, which made her desire to best him in the next training rotation, which was to be weaponry. Although not scheduled until the following day, and as the two had completed their initial training so quickly, the lycan warriors in charge of their training received great pleasure out of advancing the two youngsters. This was basic training, and had nothing to do with the utilization of their lycan skills, of which neither had much knowledge.
After learning proper handling of the battle-axe, the mace, spears and clubs, they were then brought to a room where they would pick out the sword of their liking, of which there were many - all designs from ancient Earth's past. Jennie picked out the medieval broadsword, but forged with quadrinium, making it much lighter and easier to handle than those made with ancient metals. Max went a different route, and picked a Japanese katana, the blade preferred by the noble Samurai warrior class of an island on ancient Earth. He always had a liking for the near-extinct Japanese culture (but as Japanese corporations had refused to partake in the planning and financing for the Exodus, the number of Japanese emigrants was limited to their mathematical percentage in consortium countries), and, while on Azul, he would frequently eat cuisine called sushi.
Rushing around from one station to another, they were instructed on the proper way to swing the blade, where its sweet spot would be, and how to deal the most damage to an enemy. As both swords were quite different, Jennie had an instructor who specialized in her blade-type, while Max had an instructor named Ohiro, who appeared to be of Japanese origin. He was one of the smaller warriors, slightly larger than Max, but maintained excellent proficiency in the use of the weapon as well as other battle arts. Jennie felt that her double-edged broadsword would enable her to defeat Max in a preliminary competition of skills, to be held in three days. She looked over at Max's skinny, single edged blade and giggled under her breath - but Jennie never studied history as Max had, and he was well aware that the katana was a superior weapon, especially when one combined its use with feats of athleticism.
They trained for three more days with their swords, mastering their skills with great proficiency, while Draagh stayed out of sight, preferring to spend his time with Krynos, as the two went over the database information so carefully kept up to date by the lycan leader. No one besides Krynos and Draagh even knew of the existence of the small room in the pocket dimension, as access to that form of technology was something that barely existed in the world of Future-Past.
On the third day of training there was to be a competition between Max and Jennie, to determine if they indeed were ready to continue on and learn to access and control genetic skills particular to lycans. The training area was restocked with various obstacles and targets, which they were to navigate and destroy, ending with them fighting each other in a mock battle to the death.
The session began with Jennie, who easily conquered her course, decimating her targets through the skillful use of brute strength. Max did the same, but was much more elegant in defeating his targets, which were in the shapes of vampires, horses and cannibals. Upon completing his course, Max was not allowed any time to rest, and was immediately set against Jennie in their mock battle. They both wore full, protective quadrinium body armor, just like they would in a real battle, not just for realism, but also to protect against an errant swing of the blade by either party.
A bell rung out which denoted the start of the battle, with the entire clan in attendance. Krynos and Draagh sat up on a balcony overlooking the training area, with Krynos paying great attention to competition between these bright, young pupils. Jennie burst into a full frontal attack against Max, which caused Krynos to break out into applause.
"Now that is a lycan warrior!"
Max avoided her attack by sidestepping her and performing a tuck-roll off to his left, regaining his footing with his katana set in defensive position. Again the young woman attacked, yelling out as she swung her massive sword at him, only to see Max sidestep yet again, and then comically slap her on the buttocks with the flat of his blade. This enraged Jennie, so, spinning around she started to swing her blade in a figure-eight pattern, approaching her opponent at high speed. Once within range, she tried in vain to make contact with his armor, only to have her every swing parried by the surprisingly skillful commander. When she had finished her final swing, Max jumped up and over her, performing a front flip, and had tapped her armor in three target locations before he set his feet on the ground behind the girl.
Krynos and Draagh watched with intense interest, with Krynos leaning over to his old friend, while saying, "He is quite nimble this one, but I do not think that his fighting style would enable him to so easily defeat any of Vladros' soldiers."
Donus, the lycan commander who had initially escorted the trio into the castle just days before, was seated at Krynos' other side, and said calmly, "My lord, if you would, please look at the students' targets. While true that the female used much more power than the male, note that the majority of her attacks would not have resulted in fatalities. Rather, her enemies would have been left still able to fight. The enemy does possess substantial regenerative capabilities, but the male's attack were precise, and each one, though not as impressive looking, would be considered lethal if this were a real battle."
Krynos looked at the targets and saw that Donus was indeed correct. Turning to Draagh, Krynos saw his old friend wiggle his eyebrows and say, "Precision. It is a family trait." With that, a grinning Draagh loaded his beloved pipe and puffed away, as the other two men waved their hands around, attempting to dissipate the pungent, second-hand smoke.
Max and Jennie continued battling, with Jennie scoring two more points with blatantly powerful attacks on non-lethal areas, but Max kept racking up the tally with perfect hits. Then, without warning, Jennie managed to land a thundering blow, crossing into Max's chest plate.
This, unfortunately, caused Max to panic. His eyes grew wide and his heart rate soared. He rolled backwards three times, but when he had finished his final roll and stood up, his canine teeth had elongated and his fingernails had grown to claws - claws that protruded out of the tips of his leather gloves. His face was partially covered with what appeared to be fur; he had obviously morphed into something different. Max snarled and leaped through the air so quickly that no one could trace his movement, tackling Jennie onto her back and landing with his knees on her arms, which were splayed open wide, as if she were nailed to a cross on the ground. With a violent scream, he lifted his sword, the blade pointed straight downward, and was about to impale the poor girl.

"Max! No! Please! - Max!" she cried.

Maybe it was that he had regained his senses, or it was because Jennie finally called him by his first name, but Max stopped where he was, breathing heavily, rage being replaced with sudden remorse. He dropped his katana and fell backwards, terrified by what he had become. Then, in an instant he surged forward and scooped her up into his arms, holding her tightly and whispering, "Oh my God, Jennie. I'm so sorry. Please, I'm so sorry."
She remained still for a moment, scared out of her wits and hyperventilating. She didn't understand how she could have underestimated him so much, but she had, and it almost resulted in her untimely death. The two calmed themselves, and with the battle over she pushed him away, abruptly standing up.
Looking down at Max, who was still on his knees, she said, "Good fight, Gunnarsson," and walked away. Her hands were still shaking as she approached the balcony where Krynos, Draagh and Donus were seated.
Jennie stood before the lycan leader and his guests, and then bowed. Falling to one knee, she said, "My Lord, I have been defeated," while keeping her gaze at the ground below, and getting into the Old-Earth-feeling of her new world.
Krynos stood up and started clapping, which prompted everyone else in the arena to do the same. Max walked up with some hesitation, and stood next to Jennie, but at a distance of three meters, still smarting from his near-fatal loss of self-control.
Krynos extended his right arm out to the arena, with his hand opened, palm facing upwards, and silencing all he boomed, "Brothers and sisters! A fine battle we have witnessed here today! I must say that young Jennie is a strong and skilled warrior, and she has done her gender proud without a doubt. That being said, Jennie, I will need you to continue your battle training, for you were not victorious today in the way of the sword. However, Max! You succeeded in defeating your colleague, but unfortunately lost control of your wits. This means that you must go to yet another phase of training - one where you will learn to access skills long-ago hidden from the people of your world. So, we have two champions! Max is victorious in sword-battle, while Jennie wins the battle of self-control, of which we lycans must always remain vigilant."
Jennie looked up, bearing a face full of confusion and said, "My Lord, wasn't this purely a test of fighting skills? I thought there would be a winner and a loser."
Krynos looked down at the beautiful, but muddy young lycan female, and grew an immensely happy grin.
"No, my dear young lady. What good is it to fight when one has the mind of a brutish beast? There is no victory in that, neither moral nor logical. Why, if we lycans were to fight like animals we would be slaughtered by weaker, but more intelligent foes. One needs not only skill, but also reason in order to procure victory."
Jennie glanced over at Max through the corner of her eye, expecting to see him glowering at not having completely won, but instead, and to her surprise, she saw a gentle smile on a face showing true admiration.
From that moment on she showed Max more respect, and although they were to train apart, they got together for their evening meal and sat up that night telling each other stories about growing up on Azul, and as they talked they found they had much more in common than they had ever imagined before. She was still reticent about calling him anything except Gunnarsson, but as the evening passed she found herself a bit more comfortable around the odd, yet kind scientific commander.


Chapter 14 - My HUD

Max had completely lost control of his humanity when fighting in the mock battle with Jennie, and it took a good day for him to stop feeling like he was a potential ax murderer. As Jennie had to continue with her sword training, she was placed with Ohiro, the man who had trained Max. She also switched to the katana of which Max was so fond, and found it to be a superior weapon, especially when combined with athletic maneuvers. In fact, after witnessing the mock battle, nearly half the warriors in the castle sought to train with katanas, so impressive was the sword-type.
No longer required to practice only with a sword, Max reported to a dungeon for his next phase of lycan training. He found it odd, as he believed lycan skills training would happen out in the open. The funny thing was that he had no idea what was in store, nor what these lycan skills were.
Max's trainer was a woman named Alea. She was, of course, also lycan. Appearing roughly five years older than him, she had a subdued beauty that, although not as striking as Jennie's, was still formidable. The two greeted briefly, and the woman was quite professional in her approach to the training. She started off by detailing the myriad of lycan abilities, some of which Max did not quite envision at first.
Of course, a lycan had enhanced strength, and three transformational modes, if one counted their normal, everyday state, which was called day form. Of the other two modes, Max had already experienced one, battle form (alternatively called phase 2), and it was critical that he learn to master it so he would be able to maintain self-control while exercising his doubled strength. The other mode was that of death form, or werewolf (also called phase 3). He would transform into a raging beast, running on all fours and attacking anything and anyone in his vicinity. This would only happen for a few hours every lunar cycle, during the full moon - the reason for this would be explained to him at a later time by Draagh, who apparently knew a lot more about that world than he was letting on. Lycans also had incredibly sensitive noses and razor-sharp vision, even in darkness, which Max already knew. One thing he didn't know was they were also able to change the light spectrum they would see at night, going to a mode similar to infrared.
Max was strapped down, shirtless, into a chair, and Alea told him to look at a placard with writing on the wall facing him. He was required to read this while being goaded into an agitated state, which would cause his transformation into his battle form.
What he didn't realize, until it happened, was that she was going to beat him quite severely as he sat bound to his chair. When he started to read the script - the Oath of Office for lycan commanders - she punched him in the face. Hard. Max was shocked at first, but Alea, showing no emotion, ordered him to continue reading. As he did so she punched him again in the face, and followed up by taking a cat-o-nine tails whip and striking him across his bare shoulder. This caused him to fly into a state of rage, the sudden onset of this resulting in his canines growing longer, his nails converting to claws on both his hands and feet, and for hair to grow on his body in places where it did not previously exist. His limbs also elongated slightly, giving him more run and reach range, and of course his metabolism shot through the roof.
It took him roughly two hours of being beaten by the lovely lycan female until he was able to read the commander's oath and maintain his the battle form state, all while keeping his logic and reason.
The one thing he did not expect was what he saw in the upper-left corner of his field of vision. It appeared to be an organic readout with four horizontal lines. The line at the top was blood-red, the second one vein-blue, the third one down was a brilliant green, and the bottom one yellow in color. This apparition flashed in and out of his field of vision, but the longer he could control his state, the more stable this readout became.
After explaining what he had in his peripheral vision, Alea detailed to him that these were his vital readouts. The top three were health, strength, and stamina, respectively, but she had no knowledge of any yellow line, and assumed it had something to do with his genetic abilities as a mage. It was critical that he monitored these three lines during battle, because if even one tanked he could pass out. When a lycan went into battle form, his or her metabolism jumped through the roof, and this also meant that his system would consume resources at a much higher rate. If he were to be hit too much, his red health line would decrease, and likewise, if he were to expend too much energy too quickly then his blue stamina line would shrink. His green strength line was affected by a combination of decreases in stamina and health, so if he were to lose any of the lines he would, for all intents and purposes, be powerless. 
Jennie had no difficulty at all mastering her battle state. In fact, she was one of the quickest studies ever in the recorded history of the Rhönen Dominion. While it was true that female lycans tended to be more adept at self-control, Jennie set a new standard upon which to complete this training, doing so in conjunction with her sword and battle efforts, which went along smoothly.
By day three of her training she had mastered the art of the katana, and was working on ancient martial arts, while Max was just mastering being able to enter into his battle state at will (and also without being savagely beaten by Alea). He was also able see his readout (which he called his HUD, after the Head's Up Display in his helmet he left back on the Machu Picchu), and to simultaneously read ancient manuscripts and have calm discussions with his teacher. As his training was so intense, he burned through tens of thousands of calories, so he was required to eat eleven meals during each training session. Alea had him skip meals on purpose, and on more than one occasion forced him to drop into a light coma, from which she awakened him with a quick nourishment drink, administered by shoving a tube through his mouth and down into his stomach. After one of these occurrences, he awoke to find himself with his head on her lap, with the woman calmly stroking his dark hair.
Looking up, groggy and trying to adjust his vision, he saw her look down as she softly asked, "Max, is that girl you fought - is she your mate?"
"Um, no. I mean, yes - no, she is not. I kind of wish that could be a possibility, but she doesn't care much for me. Why do you ask?"
Alea took her thumb and forefinger and gently rubbed the outer edges of his ear (lycan ears being incredibly sensitive to the touch), while telling him how the local leader of the vampires, Vladros, killed her mate in battle. Her husband, 3rd Captain Morgus, was an experienced and highly-valued leader in the Dominion, but he was betrayed by a lycan who had allied himself with the ghouls, and had led her husband into a trap. This made Max feel sad for her loss, as he was an emotional sort, which was a rarity for scientists, and the probable cause for him losing his temper during the mock battle with Jennie.
"Max, my dear young student," she continued, "As our sessions here are near an end, please know that you can count on me for anything. Any questions, please call on me, and if you have any needs, such as the comfort of the company of a woman, you only need ask."
Max gulped, awkward as ever, and nodded to his lovely instructor.

After completing the third day, Draagh approached Max and said they would begin an introductory course in the ways of magic. Max was excited about this, although he was longing to train more with Jennie, knowing he wouldn't turn into a homicidal maniac.
That evening, as the three ate their supper and the two youths excitedly recounted stories of their training, Draagh informed Jennie that once Max was done with his magical training he would also teach her some of the magical arts.
Max looked at Draagh and said, "Hey Pops, didn't you say that Jennie wasn't a mage?"
"I did indeed say that, did I not? But as we go on, my son, you will learn that there are magical objects, and they can be handled by non-mages who have received training in their various uses. It will be necessary for Jennie to have knowledge of these things."
Jennie smiled at Draagh, and then gave Max a cocky grin, believing he wouldn't have that much more knowledge than him at the end of it all. 
As they sat there talking about Jennie's favorite training, which was the ancient Japanese art of karate, Alea strolled by and leaned down, whispering something inaudible in Max's ear. He looked at his compatriots, and noticed that Jennie's face contorted slightly, but she regained her composure immediately, hoping he didn't notice. Max blushed a brilliant shade of red, blood filling his cheeks.
"Thank you, Alea. I appreciate it, and I'll… I'll let you know."
Draagh had a mildly surprised look and said, "Max, it does appear you have gained the admiration of someone, hmm?"
Max turned away from the two in an attempt to hide his blushing face, when Jennie abruptly stood up and strolled over to a table filled with men who were all having an animated and lively discussion regarding the proper way to behead vampires. Two of them scooted to either side, making room for her to sit down. Once she was placed at the table she turned back to see both Draagh and Max with shocked expressions on their faces. She then casually turned back to her new tablemates and accepted a shot glass of some sort of distilled liquor, joining in their merry festivities.
Draagh looked at his grandson, studying the young man's face and said "My boy, fret not. This is what women do when they become jealous."
The young lycan/mage grabbed a piece of cold beef and started gnawing on it, wearing a face of disdain. But what amazed Draagh the most was not that Max was perturbed by Jennie's actions; it was that he ate with his bare hands.

The following morning Max woke up and looked out the window of his bedchambers, watching the rain drop gently from the sky. It rained frequently in that part of the world, but they had been rather lucky to arrive at a time when it was dry outside. Battle training in the mud generally took longer, so they were able to shorten their training period by a few days. Dressing into his training clothes, he exited his room, seeing Jennie sitting on the ground in the hallway outside her door. She looked and smelled like she was hung over from the booze she drank the night before, so he approached her, figuring she was in a significant amount of pain. Max was one to always think of others, and most certainly so in Jennie's case.
"Jennie, are you ok? Do you need anything?"
"Why would I need anything from you?" she blurted out, jumping up, storming into her room and slamming the door behind her.
Max had little experience with girls, but this was something most men never figured out anyway. Knocking on the door, he said, "Jennie, is it ok? Can I come in? Hey, I'm your friend. At least I would like to think I am."
She opened the door for him, a melancholy look lining her face. Then, after allowing him to enter her room, she suddenly started beating him in the chest with her clenched fists, poking and punching him out of total frustration.
"Who the hell do you think you are, Gunnarsson? You steal our most advanced technology, fly off to Earth where you meet this weird old wizard, and then practically kidnap me, taking me to this place full of dog people in the middle of future nowhere! To make it worse, you beat me in battle. You bastard! You're just a science dweeb! How can do all these things while it's so hard for me? It's so freaking hard!"
Jennie began to sob, dropping to her knees right in front of Max, head hung low and throbbing in pain due to the unfiltered libations she had consumed the night before.
Max kneeled down and gently lifted her face by her chin, looking into her beautiful, tear-filled eyes.
"Jennie, what is it? How have I wronged you? We aren't here to compete with each other - we're here to learn so we can go back to Azul and kill the Vrol. Didn't you watch the vids on them? They're pure evil, and our planet will die if we - and that's both you and me - don't get our acts together and learn everything possible."
Jennie fell forward and rested her face on his shoulder, wetting the fabric of his tunic with her tears. He had never seen her cry like this, and it killed him inside. Still, having her so close caused an intense, warm sensation to fill his empty stomach.
Max stood up and gently took her under her arms, lifting her, and then brushed her bangs out of her eyes. "Hey Jennie, come with me and let's go learn magic. You're already awesome with swords. We can do this together, and if there's some way you can learn more I'll be there for you, ok?"
Jennie gave Max a weak smile and they both left her room. Once in the hallway, he said, "Draagh has an excellent hangover cure. Would you like one?"
She again nodded her head enthusiastically and responded, "Don't ever let me drink that shit again, ok?"
"I promise," he said, and smiled as they walked down the hallway.

***

Many hundreds of kilometers away, in a decrepit, disintegrating castle that was barely held together by earthen cement and the blood of unfortunate, murdered lycans, three pale, grotesquely twisted soldiers, all dressed in dried-out black leather, half-carried/half-dragged a man into the dank, musty antechambers on the first level. Rotten, gangrenous patches of skin hung from his exposed muscular tissue, having nearly been burnt off from overexposure to the sun. He appeared to be dead at first glance. The apparent leader of this group cautiously approached his king.
"My Lord, we found this in the western forest, near a clearing. He is vampire, though he does not yet understand his change."
Lord Vladros sat behind a massive, gothic desk, and looked at the wretched creature they had just dragged inside.
"Does he speak?" asked Vladros.
"Yes, my liege. He said his name is Ryder, but is disoriented, most probably from the death orb, and he seems near the end of his life," responded the same soldier.
Lord Vladros looked at the man a little further while flicking away some dead skin from his pale, twisted face.
"Ryder? That name does not sound like one of strength. Throw him in the dungeon until I decide his fate."
The soldiers bowed and backed out of the antechambers, dragging the near-corpse with them. 

"Oh, and give him some blood. I want him alive for questioning later."
Chapter 15 - Let's Learn Magic

Max and Jennie met Draagh in the main hall, where he was seated at a massive, wooden table, put there specifically for their use. He had a number of manuscripts on the table, as well as two lit candles, and assorted, ordinary-looking objects.
"Good morning, my children!" shouted Draagh, causing Jennie to shudder, her headache having increased in intensity. "Here, my young friend, drink this. It is a little concoction I invented some 23,000 years ago to help a particular-"
"Shut up!" wailed Jennie, interrupting the old mage. "My head aches."
She sat down and threw back her head, chugging Draagh's potion, as the wizard gave Max a wink and a mischievous grin. Within moments she gained a look of relief, the ill effects of her night of drunken revelry instantly disappearing. Feeling much better, she showed Draagh an embarrassed grin along with her apt attention.
Draagh looked at the two and gave them both a glowing smile.
"Jennie," he said, "I was going to hold off on teaching you the ways of magic, as your practical application of the art will be limited in comparison to Max. This is because he has most of the genetic qualities required of a Primulus-caste mage. What changed my mind was the fact that our young friend had a little discussion with me last night at dinner. You know, when you were partying like it was the end of the universe with those amazingly handsome lycan soldiers."
Jennie went red in the face, not only because Draagh had pointed out who she was with, but also that she had no idea Max had spoken to Draagh regarding her studying magic along with him.
"So, I have decided that we three shall study together," he continued, while wearing a grin of complete satisfaction. Draagh then went on to explain the very basics of magic.
"Magic is made possible by energy. Well, not exactly energy, but we will call it that as it certainly fits my explanation of what magic is - or of what it is not. Anyway, I digress. It is a specific form of energy which enables beings that are attuned to it to call on a variety of functions that are, for the most part, called cantuses. These are also archaically known as spells. There are varying types of cantuses - some simple and others more complex. Just as the structure of a language provides for simple and compound verbal conjugations, so does magic for cantuses. Now one need not know a whole lot for the simple cantuses, except how to call them. Then, ambient energy in the air, in the form of sound waves, calls on these forces to do what is requested."
Both Jennie and Max watched Draagh with great interest as he continued. "Depending on where you are in the universe, the cantuses will be in different languages. Of course, we could not expect the Kartovians to have any effective form of magic, as their words are extremely long. I could build a house by hand, with hammer and nail before a Kartovian mage, if one existed, could recite the cantuses to perform the very same task. The cantuses you shall use are in a form of the Latin language. So, for example, Max, I want you to say graveincantatio liber, while holding your hand out, palm facing upwards and feel the pressure of gently lifting up this book. You must concentrate on the book."
Max did as Draagh instructed, and proceeded to throw the book out of the room, prompting both Draagh and Jennie to burst out laughing.
"I could feel it! It was like a light pressure on my palm! That was amazing! Oh, was that book important?" asked Max.
Well, only if you wish to further your studies, as that was your basic lessons book," stated Draagh, prompting all three to snicker.
"Ok, my son. I shall correct your errant cantus. Watch closely." Draagh then held out his hand and the book went flying back into the room, with the spine landing perfectly in his palm. Max and Jennie both sat stunned.
"Draagh," asked Max, "how is it that I have to say words, but you don't? Is it because you're as old as dirt?"
Draagh gave the two a silly grin and said, "Much older, my boy. Yes, much older indeed. So let us continue. Jennie, now it is your turn, but for you, this little device is necessary."
Draagh handed her a small, black dowel, 36 centimeters in length, and then said, "Very well, now Jennie, say graveincantatio liber, while pointing your device at the book." Jennie did that and whipped the book into the air, with it almost landing in the massive fireplace on the far wall.
"Oh dear me," exclaimed their teacher. "I believe we must use something a bit less valuable for these sessions. It appears that you are both hell-bent on destroying your lesson materials." The two giggled and looked at each other like impish, disobedient children.
Draagh's heart warmed as he watched the two, knowing that his plan was coming along nicely. They were no longer antagonistic toward each other, and were forming a bond that would be critical if they were to defeat the Vrol.
Before he could continue, Jennie asked, "Draagh, do I have to use this stick to perform a cantus because I am not a mage?"
"Yes, my dear, that is correct. You see, that stick, as you call it, was known as a wand in Earth's ancient past, and only certain wands enabled non-mages to perform limited amounts of magic. That, my dear, is yours. I wish for you to keep it."
"Aw, thankies, Gramps!" exclaimed Jennie, reverting to the cute voice she used when she wanted to get a man's attention, but this time being totally sincere and showing immense appreciation.
"Draagh, what's the difference between that wand and, say, for example, a stick? Couldn't Jennie grab a tree branch and recite a cantus?" asked Max.
Draagh got a surprised look on his face, but had fully expected that question from either of them, and responded by saying, "Oh, my goodness, no! You see, that wand is special, as someone of my ilk must create it. In fact, I made that one, but they were plentiful on Earth of the past, and fetched substantial coin for their purchase. They were also highly illegal in some places, as in some lands non-mages were prohibited from practicing magic. No, no, my boy. One cannot grab a shrub and wave it around while screaming out nonsensical cantuses."
Max and Jennie both laughed out loud again, imagining someone ripping a plant out of the ground and shaking it while muttering nonsense, hoping for things to go flying about.
Draagh continued telling them about the complexities of magic, and how Max would have a much more detailed and controlled sense via his extremities, as his body was attuned to magical energy. Jennie would need to exercise more caution, as she was limited to using a device. After an hour he got them to both lift a book (not their lesson manual, but a biography of the life and times of a particularly boring troglodyte who had invented a way of starting fire by rubbing two sticks together), and to move it to various places around the room. Once they had mastered that skill he moved onto an incantation for producing light, using the basic undacantus - a spell to manipulate various electromagnetic radiation wavelengths, and in that particular case, visible light.
Draagh continued, "Very well, my children. Now we shall create light. Max, you shall use your hands to control the light source in the air, while Jennie, you can only cause the light source to emanate from the tip of your wand. Now, both of you say undaincantatio lux."
They both followed his instructions, and Jennie was amazed that a small, visible light, bright enough to allow her passage in a darkened room came from the tip of her wand. Then she looked at Max, who was expertly juggling three different light sources as if he were a street performer, with each one being a different color.
"Excellent! Excellent!" exclaimed Draagh. "You are both coming along fine. Let us repair for lunch, and then continue once we have satisfied the growling in our empty stomachs."
After they had eaten a delicious lunch of roasted fowl and purple potatoes, they returned to the main hall to continue with their lessons. It was then that Draagh explained just how powerful and complex magic could be. A knowledgeable mage was able to break down the molecular structure of an object, causing it to melt or disappear. The same cantus could also cause a transmorphing effect. Mutatecantuses were used for changing things at the DNA-level, while a mage specializing in healing would often use salucantuses in order to heal the sick.
Draagh went over everything that he had previously detailed in the lesson book, which he had written some centuries prior. They discussed usage of movericantuses, used for simple, local teleportation, like when he had taken Bagatelle to his ship, and ignicantuses, which, at maximum intensity, enabled a mage to super-heat the atmosphere, causing anything in its range to burn in temperatures equal to that of a sun.
It saddened Jennie to learn that her wand was incapable of calling cantuses to melt peoples' faces or decimate entire cities, but she seemed quite satisfied with being able to knock someone into a coma with a concussive blast.
"I might give you a bit of warning," said Draagh, with a touch of concern on his face, "there are limitations to magic, especially where more advanced cantuses are concerned."
The two students look at their instructor as he continued, "As there is a finite amount of magic present at any time, and because you are both quite young, certain advanced cantuses will have a depleting effect and will require what one would call a cool-down period - that is, a necessary time-out while the magical energy regenerates."
Max suddenly spoke out, having pieced together the puzzle of the yellow fourth line on his HUD.
"Draagh! I have an extra line in my vitals meter, and Alea suggested it could be connected to my magic levels or something."
Jennie winced at hearing the lovely lycan trainer's name, but hid her reaction from her compatriots.
Draagh looked to be thinking for a few seconds, and then said, "Well, my boy, as one rarely encounters a magic-capable lycan, I find it likely that you are correct. With that said, we should test it."
Draagh then had Max perform three cantuses in rapid succession - the first one being a massive undacantus of spectacular lights, followed by an ignicantus (where he almost set the hall on fire) and a gravicantus, which he used to rearrange the sparse furniture in their training room. Finishing the quick and most deft display of his newly learned skills, he concentrated on his meter.
"What do you see, my boy?" asked Draagh, "Has this extra line of which you speak changed at all?"
"It went down to half, but it's slowly creeping back up as we speak," Max replied. Thus he had discovered what his extra readout was for - it simply gave him a visual on the timeout for using his magical abilities.
"But what about me? I don't have a cool-down meter, so how do I know when I'm drained?" asked Jennie.
Draagh took her wand into his hand and expertly twirled it around his fingers, saying, "My dear, you will have to do a bit of counting in your head, and also know your limitations. However, I may be able to add a little feature to your equipment - perhaps something to give you a sensory response, like a small vibration. Would this help you?"
"Yeah, that'd be great, Pops!" the young woman excitedly responded, not wanting to be at a disadvantage in battle.
"There is one thing you will be able to assist each other with in the future," continued Draagh. During the full moon, you are both aware that you will turn into raging, snarling beasts, am I correct?"
They both looked at him and nodded, but their expressions slightly unnerved him. It appeared that they were looking forward to the transformation.
"Well," he continued, "as you shall be required to go through the change in three weeks' time, we shall forgo any attempting to sidestep that particular bit of nastiness, but at a later date, you shall both be able to stop each other's transformation."
Max and Jennie looked at each other quizzically and then back at their teacher.
"You see, an electricantus of sufficient power can short-circuit a lycan's death form transformation. That is why many lycan strongholds desire to have a mage in their employ. In fact, Krynos has a resident minor-mage, but he tends to stay well hidden whenever I am present."
"So Pops, tell me - Jennie and I will be able to perform a cantus on each other and avoid turning phase 3?" asked Max.
"That is correct, my son," responded Draagh. "You will need to hit each other with sufficient electrical force."
Max thought for a moment, unable to make the connection between an effected genetic process and an electrical shock.
"Why then do we have to shock each other?" asked the young mage.
"Well, to deactivate the particles in your system that are working in conjunction with your lycan virus and genetics, of course!" responded Draagh.
Particles. Genetics. Viruses. Magic. Cantuses. These things were new to Max and Jennie, but they absorbed it all quite well. In fact, better than Draagh would have imagined when he first encountered them near the banks of the Urubamba River. The ancient Primulus went on to explain that everything that had mass in the universe also had a combination of some form of particles. There was light matter, dark matter, dirt, water, oxygen, cannabis sativa (his favorite), and many quadrillions of other things.
"Draagh," asked Max, "exactly how does magic work? I mean, what is it, really?"
"Max, my boy," Draagh responded, "How old were you when you learned to drive a grav sled on your maternal grandparents' farm?"
"Um, I don't know, maybe 8 years old?" he shot back.
"And did you understand exactly how that grav sled worked?"
"No, no. Not at all."
"Yet, you were still able to operate it, am I correct?"
"Yes, that's correct."
"Exactly the same here, my boy!" he shouted, slapping Max on the back and causing the young man to cough as he did so. "You must practice more, and then the assorted titillating details will be revealed. It shall be quite enlightening, I can already say. Yes, indeed, I can."

The three finished the day, practicing calling glaciecantuses - freezing spells, and making ice cream. This was most probably due to the fact that Draagh had the munchies. They then ate a quick dinner, with Max and Jennie choosing elk and a delicious light honey mead. After they had all retired to their chambers, Max heard a light knock on his door. His heart jumped - he hoped it was Jennie coming to visit with him. He ran to the door, opening it, only to find Alea standing there in a semi-transparent nightgown, her attractive figure visible via the light coming from the partial moon, which also made it quite apparent that she was not wearing any undergarments.
"Max, I am sorry to bother you, but I do need to speak with you. May I come in?"
Max stepped back and shut the door behind her.
"Alea, it's late and I've been training all day. What is it?"
She looked at him, and stepped forward, putting her hands on the crisscross collar tie of his tunic, and saying, "I believe that a danger lurks in the castle. I have no idea what it is yet, but we have been betrayed before. I can feel its dark embrace. Please be careful. I am deathly afraid, and, as you have become so strong, I was wondering if I could pass the night - in your bedchambers?"
Max sighed and took her hands into his. "Alea," he said, "you are an immensely attractive woman, and if I were here alone and not going anywhere I can tell you that I would not only take you up on your offer, but I would seek to make you my mate. You are really that incredible - and to top it all off, you have a great right hook. But the reality of this whole situation is that I'm not staying here. I need to return to my home planet and prevent a disaster - the same type of disaster that befell this world. Can you understand that?"
Alea hummed softly and leaned up to kiss him, which he lightly reciprocated, and then reached over to open his door.
"If you would like, I can request protective guards for you. Would that work? I mean, I think I have some connections with the king," he said half-jokingly.
Alea smiled, her beautiful face glowing in the moonlight and said, "No, I am fine. I just wanted to warn you, and perhaps, well, you know. Goodnight, Max."
"Goodnight, Alea," said Max, as he shut the door, his heart beating, not out of lust, but out of anticipation. He wanted to get her out of his room before Jennie found out she was there. The last thing he needed was a jealous lycan female throwing down shots with soldiers - again. He turned to look out the window, and remembered what she had said - that there was danger in their midst. That was most disconcerting, and he paused, only to be scared half out of his wits, because there, in the window was a figure, crouched and waiting.
"Undaincantatio lux!" he cried out, illuminating his window, only to see Jennie crouching on the ledge with a huge smile on her face, wearing nothing more than some short-shorts and a tank top. She had her hair down over her shoulders, which was unusual, but her most striking feature were her huge, brown eyes that mesmerized Max as they glowed in the light of his cantus.
He walked over and opened the window, allowing her to drop down into his room, as he desperately tried to not stare at her perfect breasts poking out from her rather small shirt.
"Hmm, Mr. Mage is busy with his fan club tonight, eh?" she giggled, tapping him twice on the chest with her fingertips as she teasingly circled him.
"You were spying on us? What a brat! Anyway, I had to turn her down. I'm sure you saw that much. I have a lot more on my plate than I can handle, so the last thing I need is a relationship."
"Oh…" said Jennie, looking away, "so, I guess she's pretty much out of the picture then, right?"
"I'm sure she'll be fine, and will find a... hey! Do you hear that?" he exclaimed while dropping his voice to a low whisper. Max and Jennie both hushed themselves and dropped to crouching positions, listening intently. Then, looking at each other, they burst out laughing.
"Oh my God!" Jennie screeched quietly. "She's with Draagh!"
Max's jaw dropped, and the two fell to the floor, chortling like little children. After a few minutes they recouped themselves, and then started playing with the undacantuses, Max with his hands, making complex designs with balls of light, and Jennie using her wand, making impressive displays of sparkles. It was almost as if they were reliving lost days of their childhood, with Jennie enjoying it the more of the two, as her childhood was pretty uneventful compared to Max's.

The next morning Draagh seemed pleased with himself at breakfast, but Max and Jennie acted like they knew nothing, not desiring to invite any voluntary information from the old mage's escapades the night before.
"So, my young ones, did we sleep well last night?"
"Oh yes, sir," said Jennie.
"Yup, like a rock," added Max.
All three enjoyed their breakfasts of meat, porridge, and yerba mate, with Draagh trying the beverage at Jennie's insistence.
"I find this a bit amargo (bitter), but pleasing."
Max and Jennie sucked their mate down through the homemade bombillas they had made the night before, using wood, a pocket knife, and a minor ignicantus to burn tiny filtration holes in the bulbous ends of the straws.
Going back to the main hall, all three sat down at the large, oaken table, where Draagh began his lesson plan.
"Today we shall go over some more advanced spells, specifically ones that Jennie can perform with the tools I have provided. We will also examine other things, but first I would like to show you visuals of magic in action."
Draagh stood up and waved his arm out in a great, swooping motion, conjuring a large three-dimensional hologram in the middle of the room, which showed demonstrations of various incantations. The two watched with rapt interest, as Draagh sat back and admired his two young pupils. They were learning quickly, and there was much hope for their world, but only if Bagatelle could convince the Security Council to retrofit the entire Azul military armada with SSCC technology. That being said, he wasn't so sure that would happen. There were those of traitorous mind on Azul, and they all carried the recessive vampire gene.
Max and Jennie noticed that with some cantuses there would be a flowing stream of particles, in different colors, depending on the incantation, such as a light blue for freezing spells, or red for heating spells. In some spells, the particles seemed to be ambient, but in others they seemed to be the cause of the intended reaction.
After finishing the holo-vid, Max and Jennie, seated a little closer to each other than in previous days, looked at Draagh, almost to be saying, "Huh? Is that it?" when Draagh walked around his conjured hologram.
"Draagh, what are those particles? Are they magical particles? They seem to be everywhere," asked Jennie.
The ancient wizard nodded and said, "Yes, my dear. That would be correct. You see, in order to understand the technical mechanics of magic, one must see a magic particle itself, and as magic exists on worlds that have no technology, which in itself is a false statement, these worlds have no magnification because they have not advanced to that level of technical expertise, even though they have it, in a magical sense."
Max and Jennie stared at Draagh, trying to understand, as he contradicted himself while talking in circles. Before either could ask any further questions, he swung his arm at the hologram, wiping the vid out of existence.
"My children, technology is magic, and magic is technology, but on a scale not understandable by anyone from this world. As you both come from future-past, I am certain that you will absorb this very well. Yes, quite well I am certain."
The ancient mage again swept his hand around and conjured up a mass of planets, moons and suns, all rotating in a galaxy-like system. As the animation played, he cleared his throat and continued.   |
"My kind has been in existence for eons, our creator being timeless. He has always been and shall always be - the Alpha and the Omega, if I remember my ancient Greek. Mankind, in his short existence, has always assigned vague mysticisms to the unknown. Sometimes for the good, such as the existence of what they call God, to whom we refer to as Jah. And sometimes for the bad, such as innocent women burned at the stake or drowned, having been accused of being witches. The sad part of it is that was when magic didn't even exist on Earth! Sad, quite sad, indeed. Mankind reacts with fear to that for which he has no knowledge. Galileo was brought before the Catholic Inquisition's Tribunal after he had correctly surmised that the sun is the center of Earth's solar system, and not Earth, as was stated in the Bible - the Church's belief being derived from a single passage that was written by a man with the hygienic habits of a chicken. In any case, it is not only mankind, but also other species throughout the ages. Man fears what he does not know, and it is for this reason that most people do not know the true nature of magic. We leave it be, we allow them to harness its wonders - to heal and defend, to protect and attack, and to create light in order to challenge the darkness."
He then walked through the center of his animation, causing it to slightly disrupt, with it continuing after millions of wafting particles realigned themselves into the imagery.
"My children, the reality of it all is that magic is simply… this."
Draagh flicked a finger at the middle of the room, causing the animated galaxy to morph into an ominous-looking rotating object, sphere-shaped, with numerous appendages ending in serrated claws, knives, and apparent sensors for optical, auditory and other readouts. It resembled a rolling ball of death; able to destroy anything that would be unfortunate enough to get in its way.
The object moved around, parts of its massive body spinning like a gyroscope, and then became smaller, which in reality was the hologram zooming out. Suddenly, it was joined by dozens, then hundreds, then thousands, and then millions of machines like itself, the machines becoming smaller and smaller as the view decreased in magnification. This kept going on and on, until there was only a beautiful magenta-colored ribbon of particles surrounding a chair, levitating it in the air.
As the view backed off even further, a minor-mage, human in appearance, was rotating his hand and affecting the movement of the chair by skillfully manipulating the ribbon of particles around it. He then thrust out his hand, clenched his fist and pulled it back while twisting his arm, causing the chair to spin madly about, rotating on all axes. Finishing the demonstration by quickly reciting the cantus ignincatatio perdere, he caused the chair to ignite, and the trio watched as it burned to ashes in a matter of seconds.

"Holy crap!" said Max. "They're nanobots. Magic is nanobot technology..."

Chapter 16 - Recon Time

Being an experienced and educated military officer, Jennie Escalante understood the concept of nanotechnology, as it had permeated science and industry on Azul. Nanotechnology was used in medicine, in industry, to repair broken arteries and to weld conduit seams in underwater pressures unapproachable by man - but now, this whole new revelation that magic, which was a new concept to her in the first place, was also an extremely advanced (and old) form of technology made her head spin.
Draagh looked at the two with mild interest, waiting for one of them to say something, and was met with silence until Max stepped to the side and looked at them both, saying, "We can do this. Jennie, we're going to save Azul. We have the power."
Jennie looked at him, and said in a low, monotone voice, "Gunnarsson, do you realize how dorky that sounds?"

The two pupils played with basic spells, and as they understood the nature of magic they felt more confident in harnessing its abilities. It was just a collective of subatomic-sized machines, which in mass quantities could lift, burn or freeze things, cause lethal doses of radiation, or even repair a ruptured spleen. These were not miracles, as miracles were of things not understood by man. Even though they understood nanotechnology, they were also mind-blown by the complexity. No doctor on Azul had a telepathic interface with any of his medical nanobots, yet Draagh could easily melt someone's head with a mere thought (with Jennie asking Draagh for a demonstration of that particular skill on more than one occasion). They trained daily for the following week, learning as much as possible, spending time together in the evenings, going over manuscripts and testing new spells. Jennie graduated from the simple wand, to using a spiked, metal gauntlet, which without magical abilities would have been a formidable weapon in its own right, but with magic infused into it the device became a power-punching mitten of instantaneous death. Max moved onto more advanced cantuses, combining them into compound spells that performed various functions, such as creating impenetrable force fields, changing visible light to ultraviolet, or cooking someone right where he stood with unimaginable radiation levels. Jennie's favorite new spell that Max had mastered was one that made an enemy's head explode. Her sense of humor was gruesome, but Max took it all in stride, glad to have the beautiful woman as an ally, and not an enemy, as she was when they first met.

Every other day they would spend half of the training hours on the battle pitch. They needed to constantly hone their new skills in conjunction with their lycan capabilities. The rest of the day was dedicated to magical practice and learning. One afternoon, after having completed a difficult obstacle course, which included flaming arrows being shot at them while they navigated through barbed wire, Max and Jennie sat off to the side and chatted a bit.
"Gunnarsson, do you think that swords will be of any use to us on Azul? I mean, we can't fly, and charged weapons would give us greater range, wouldn't they?" asked Jennie.  
Max thought for a moment, and then said, "You know, with gravicantuses and movericantuses I am sure we can get in close, and quickly back out. After all, I plan on keeping you pretty darned close when we're fighting the enemy."
Jennie gave him a grin and said, "Yeah, I'm sure you'll want to keep me around -who else is gonna save your ass?"
They both chuckled lightly and went back to the obstacle course, where three newly-turned lycans were trying desperately to catch up with their otherworldly counterparts. Jennie watched as Max stopped what he was doing and went over to help one of the newbies. Max gave him some kind and methodical instructions, for which the youth, who was a local boy and fortunate enough to have been selected, showed great appreciation.
Aw, Gunnarsson, she thought to herself, you would have been a great big brother.

The next morning they learned that the magical nanobots, as Max and Jennie called them, were semi-organic and self-replicating. They were also tuned to certain frequencies. That was how Earth's magic had been reactivated - by changing the frequency of every single one of the bots on the planet - the planet's energy, as their teacher had earlier called it.  
Draagh told them that the process only took days to complete, as each nanobot was connected to the other, facilitating a global network. His people then had to construct complex equipment, enabling Socrates access to the world - something akin to a frequency translator. This made access to Socrates slower than usual, but still enabled mages to engage the intelligence network in near real-time. Another thing they learned about the bots is that not all were the same. Most were of a standard, workhorse variety, able to perform a myriad of functions, but those that enabled, for example, teleportation or advanced wavelength attacks, were of different builds, and not as plentiful, thereby resulting in a more time-consuming effort to cantus spells of these types. This is precisely why Draagh used his staff for 4D time slips - the amount of data being sent to the limited number of bots was immeasurable (he also frequently used his staff for 3D porting, but this was not necessary. He once said it just looked cool). Another thing about the bots was that some existed in the atmosphere, but others existed inside living things, one such type being the salubots, which monitored health and assisted in healing. Lycans and vampires had very different salubots in their systems, with those of the lycans being strong and superior, while the vampire variety barely kept them alive at the expense of rapid healing, hence, their constantly rotting flesh.
Furthering their lessons, Draagh had introduced Max to the basic concepts of his staff. Max asked when he would get one, and with a grin, Draagh responded, "When you are as old as dirt, my boy."
Jennie was learning to do simultaneous cantuses, such as wearing the gauntlet on her left hand and punching something, while shooting flames at it with her wand. She also learned some shortcuts, which pleased Draagh, as he had a tendency to shorten phrases, and thought she was quite brilliant for attempting to do so with her cantuses. Not all worked. In fact, a couple backfired, as attested by the housekeepers who were required to clean the animal guts and tar off the walls in the main hall. She also tied her wand to her katana, with admirable results, such as when she once pointed her sword at a large melon on a table in the dining area, levitated it to her position. She then sliced it into pieces in the air, and set each piece back down onto individual plates in front of lycan soldiers. She received three marriage proposals for that feat of skill. Max was impressed with the feat, but not the proposals.
Joining with his two students, Draagh explained that as they would one day leave the world of the Rhönen Dominion, they would need to enhance their training and solidify their skills with some fieldwork. This excited Jennie, who had been itching to get out of the castle. Max was not for it or against it, completely confident in what he already learned, but did agree that it could be beneficial to them all.
They were to go on a recon mission with a group of Krynos' finest warriors, to see if Vladros had more of his agents hanging around a local village of normals, and to meet with the town mayor. Krynos had troops making regular rounds in the local villages for the protection of the people, who were all part of the Dominion, but Vladros was a bitterly jealous and vicious vampire, bent on the destruction of the lycans (nothing new there). However, he couldn't simply drain all of the normals, as he would then no longer have a food supply; normal human blood was the only nourishment their systems could tolerate. He had to keep them alive and procreating.

###

Far to the north of the safety and comfort of the Dominion, in a dungeon below Vladros' dilapidated castle, Ryder Johnson sat on the cold, stone floor of his cell, sipping on a small bowl of rancid blood that the jail keepers gave him.
This tastes like crap, he thought to himself. It was the blood of a normal who died days earlier, so the vital fluid already began to putrefy. The only reason it hadn't coagulated was because all vampires had an anti-coagulant protein in their saliva, and someone had apparently spit in that particular batch of vital fluid. Still, it satiated his hunger, which had been overwhelming since his crash. He had no idea where he was, but wanted to get out, eliminate Gunnarsson, locate his ship, and then find the dega bitch who wasted his time on useless dates.
As he stared at the pool of semi-congealed red liquid in his bowl, he was startled by a voice outside the cell, around the corner and out of visual range.
"Your name is weak," said the voice, "and I have an incredibly low tolerance for weakness."
Johnson lifted his head up once he heard the voice, and responded while looking to the darkness, saying, "You want weak? Come on inside, ass-hat."
"Ah," came the voice, hidden from around the corner, "you attempt to portray strength, but is it just a ruse?"
Johnson looked in the direction of the voice and said, "What do you think? What do I have to lose? I'm locked up in this shitty cell, drinking rotten blood, and even though I find it disgusting, it kills my hunger. I just want to get out and find someone so I can kill him slowly."
"Slowly? As in torture?" asked the voice.
"Yes. I want to watch him suffer. Who are you and where am I?"
Vladros walked out from around the corner, but not the corner from where Johnson thought the voice came from. That much surprised him, but what startled him even more was the man's appearance. He was tall, pale and had a misshapen face, with rotten flecks of flesh hanging from his chin. Wearing tightly fitting black leather garb with a long, elegant black cape, he gave Johnson a creepy, horrific stare from near-dead looking eyes.
"I am Lord Vladros, the leader of this world. Tell me who you are and where you come from."
Vladros listened to Johnson for over an hour, piecing a puzzle together from what the former lieutenant told him, and after some thought decided to not kill his prisoner. Rather, he wanted to put him to good use, as that was his nature - to use and continue.
"I have listened to your story, and although it sounds untrue, I have had experience with a mage who can do those things. His kind is called the Prīmulī, and he is only one step below Jah - he whom we despise even more than the lycans. While this mage is quite dangerous, he has weaknesses, his primary one being the fact that he values life. To defeat him is simple. Destroy those he loves and he will buckle. It is easier to destroy than it is to create."
Johnson looked at the vampire leader and asked, "Where am I, and what have I become?"
"You are a vampire - a lover of death and taker of the blood, and from what you have told me, you indeed love death, though your distaste for blood shall wane as time passes on. Come with me and I shall show you more."
A prison guard came out of the shadows and opened Johnson's cell door, allowing him to accompany Lord Vladros out of the dungeon, and into the darkness above.

###

Max and Jennie dressed down in leather, quadrinium battle armor and katanas, preparing to go to the local villages and visit with the normals, who, by the way, adored the lycans. In fact, it was considered quite an honor to be accepted into the clan, as they were known to be noble, strong and kind. If a normal was brought into the clan, and had family in the village, it was well known that he or she would be able to care for their family well, as lycans soldiers were paid handsomely for their duties.
The recon team met down in the common area of the castle, and all were glad to see Jennie, one of the few female lycan warriors ever known, and certainly the most beautiful. Donus was to lead the recon team, and shouted out when he saw Jennie and Max.
"My friends! Come! Accompany me at the point!"
The two off-worlders trotted over to Donus' location and stood with him in the lead position, prepared to get out and have some fun. The Massive gate of the castle opened and the lycans burst out onto the wide pathway, long ago created by the continual footsteps of those seeking a better life.
As the group, two dozen in size, rambled down a narrowing path, various team members bounded off to check trees for signs of enemy scent. Max thought that looked fun, and started to make great leaps in the forest, narrowly missing trees as he flew through the foliage. Perched near the top of a large pine, he looked down at the marching group of lycans, unable to see Jennie.
"Hey Gunnarsson," she said, hanging upside-down from a branch right next to him. "Having a blast? I know I am!" She let go, falling multiple meters, and quietly landed on the mossy forest floor. She laughed and looked up to where Max was, but not seeing him, she only heard his voice.
"Hey, are you looking for someone?" he asked from behind her position, as he casually leaned up against a tree.
"Ooh, you're fast, but not fast enough!" she yelped as she bounded out forward, catching up with the group while laughing.
Their hearts were racing as they played like children who had been let out after weeks of rain. Max was elated because Jennie seemed happy, and that their relationship was improving on a daily basis. Jennie was just content to get out of the castle.
In any normal situation, Donus would have commanded those who had split off from the group to come back, but Max and Jennie were enjoying their first time out of the castle. They were also quite special, a well-known fact throughout Krynos' military. The two bounded out ahead, smelling and touching, listening and howling. Max started to pay a bit more attention to his surroundings, and not Jennie's shapely posterior, after he nearly did a face dump into a tree
Not too long after they left they arrived at the village, with various normals walking about, working and selling goods and foodstuffs. A blacksmith pounded away at his iron works with loud, clanging noises, as smoke rose out of chimneys of quaint huts lining the muddy, unpaved main thoroughfare. Max found it to be beautifully archaic, and quite different from the world into which he was born. Jennie pranced down the road, waving and greeting little children, all of whom showed no fear of the marching lycan soldiers. It was apparent that these people enjoyed the protection of the Dominion, and relations between the castle and the hamlet were quite good.
Donus broke off from his group and went to one of the larger buildings, calling Max and Jennie to go with him. Even though the building was larger than most of the others, it still comprised of a single floor, just like all the others. Knocking before entering, the three found a portly normal male, eloquently dressed in various fabrics and leathers, seated behind a modest desk that was overflowing with stacks of manuscripts.
"Ah, Donus, good sir," exclaimed the plump man of fairly advanced age, his short, white hair accentuated by green eyes, "so good to see you again. Please! Please, come and have a seat."
Then, noticing Jennie, he said, "Please by all means, introduce me to this rarity of nature. It is not often we are visited by someone of such bold beauty."
Jennie would have blushed, had she not felt that the older gentleman was being a bit perverted, but took a seat on a rickety wooden chair. Donus and Max chose chairs that seemed to be more stable.
"Mayor Stein," started Donus, "these are visitors to the Dominion, Max Gunnarsson, and his companion, Jennie Escalante. They join us as we make our rounds."
Jennie cringed at Donus' statement, never having considered herself to be Max's companion.
"I was informed that there have been assorted attacks by Vladros' death squads, and, on King Krynos' orders, I am to compile a list of the missing from here."
Mayor Stein quickly shuffled through his manuscripts and pulled one out, handing it to Donus. "Here, my good sir. I believe this will give you enough information. I must say, although we have recently suffered some losses, mostly males, they are not what they were in the past. That being said, has the King given further thought to my request for a permanent garrison in town?"
Donus briefly scanned over the names and descriptions on the manuscript, and then turned his attention back to the mayor.
"I am pleased to say that King Krynos has agreed to your offer of hosting troops here, but we shall build our own quarters, as it is not our way to inhabit the homes of locals and take advantage of their hospitality. Would you be so kind as to loan me a quill and ink so I may make a copy of this listing?"
Max and Jennie looked at each other, never having considered that the process of something so simple - making a duplicate of data - would be such a chore. On their world, they would touch a command on their console, with a duplicate being sent to wherever they desired. The Dominion was an old world of the future, yet it had a certain charm that was lacking on their home world of Azul.
The mayor smiled and handed a previously made copy of the manuscript to the large lycan commander, while saying, "Donus, you know me better than that. Always prepared, I am, yes, always prepared."
Donus nodded, as he accepted the copied manuscript from Mayor Stein, then asking, "Is there anything else you wish for me to relay to the king? Ours is but a short mission, as we are going out to the border of these lands, and on our return we shall sweep around to the west and not return through your village."
"Oh no, my dear commander. That would be all, as things are going quite well these days. Our crops are plentiful, and, thanks to the Dominion's expert instructions our hunters have increased their kills three-fold."
With their business finished, the three visitors stood up to leave, and Donus saying, "I am pleased that you have garnered such success, as we all strive to live a fruitful existence, but we now must leave and continue our patrols."
The portly mayor stood up from behind his desk and gave Donus a courteous bow, following up with the same to Max and Jennie, whom he especially looked over with an almost leering eye. She ignored him, but Max got an odd feeling about the seemingly kind mayor. Putting it in the back of his mind, the three bowed to the mayor, and turned to leave.
Once outside the mayor's home, Max looked over to Donus and plainly stated, "I don't trust him. He's shifty."
"Yes, good Max. His scent is wrong, if that indeed is what your word shifty means. I shall make a note to have my patrols keep a close eye on the mayor, and inform King Krynos of our mutual suspicions."
Jennie skipped alongside the two men, her katana wobbling on her back, as the straps used to hold it to her armor were made for someone of greater size. "I think he's creepy," she said.
"Creepy? What means this word?"
"Eerie or ominous," Max replied in Jennie's stead.

Mayor Stein looked to the back of his office as a door opened and a younger man in long, black robes walked out.
"I assume you heard our entire conversation. Who are they?" the mayor asked the new arrival.
The robed individual was Dom Von Adler, a low-level mage in the employ of the mayor. He cautiously looked out the window to make certain they were alone.
"They are both lycan, but the male - he is also a mage, and much more powerful than my caste. One such as myself would be foolish to confront him. He could rend my body in two with but a mere gesture. He is no minor-mage, rather something of a higher level, but how much higher I do not know."
"A lycan and a mage? Why, that is rare - quite rare indeed! And a female lycan warrior, also a rarity," responded Mayor Stein. "How can you detect that he is a mage, my friend?"
Von Adler looked at the Mayor with a touch of concern and said, "I can feel the energies coursing through the system of any adult mage, and his are overwhelming. Nature hides mage-potential indicators in children as a means of their protection, but once they hit puberty they are exposed the same as the rest of us. And yes, the fact that there is a lycan/mage could provide us with some considerable difficulties in the future. Also, did you not notice the gauntlet on the female's left hand? It is a mage's device, and gives her considerable destructive power far beyond that of the typical lycan. It appears that Krynos is enhancing his forces, and would not do so unless he knew of our activities. I must inform our allies of this," stated Von Adler, as he quickly left the room back through the door he had used in which to enter just minutes before.
In a small alcove, Von Adler waved his hand in the air and conjured a visual of a vaguely twisted and pale-faced man. It was not an infoscreen such as Draagh would conjure, but it was sufficient for a vid conference.
"What do you need, Von Adler?"
"My Lord," responded the minor-mage, "We have a situation. Krynos has two magic-capable lycans in his employ - a male and a female, the male being incredibly powerful."
Von Adler heard a voice that was out of the view of his conjured image, with it demanding, "What do they look like? Can you show me?"
Von Adler nodded, and in the far away moldy throne room of a dark and rotting castle, imagery appeared showing Donus, Max and Jennie marching along with the lycan recon team.
"That's them! The bitch and the scientist!" wailed the voice.
"You know these two?" asked the man in Von Adler's conjured visual.
"Oh yeah, I sure do," said the other voice, "It's because of them I'm stuck here."
Von Adler then told Vladros that Donus' team was going to sweep out around the western frontier on their return back to Krynos' stronghold, to which Vladros stated, "Excellent. I believe it is time we paid the dogs a little visit. Ryder, would you like to accompany my scouts on a mission? You have yet to prove your worth, and I would like to see that of which you are capable."
	
Outside of the village the recon team marched forward, continuing on with their mission. Both Max and Jennie noticed some strong odors in the air - familiar scents.
"Garlic!" exclaimed Max. "They planted garlic out here!"
"Ooh, I love garlic," said Jennie. "It's so yummy, especially in a beef stew."
Donus glanced at the two with a curious expression on his face. "It is standard procedure to plant fields of garlic in the outlying areas of a village, as it does a fair job of repelling vampires. It is not a perfect defense, but certainly helps to slow down the putrid creatures, and is most effective against those of the lower castes."
Jennie looked surprised, and while making small bounds to keep up with the troops, asked Donus, "Huh? You don't eat it?"
"No, but if you say it adds body to a stew then I would be willing to sample it. As you are a woman, I am sure you have skill in preparing a hearty meal."
Being from a modern world, Jennie was slightly miffed by Donus' assumption that, as a woman, she would naturally know how to cook. The fact was that yes, she did know how, but not because she was a female - it was that part of her military training required her to have knowledge of the creation of nutritional intake from local flora and fauna, in case she ran out of rations.
"Um, yeah, I do, but it's not really my strong suit, but when we get back I'll make us something I'm sure you'll like."

Chapter 17 - Fight!

Once the group had scouted the northern borders, the turned left and went westward. Max and Jennie were eager to get out and run, and after marching for a while Jennie asked the Donus if they could break off from the group and explore a bit.
The commander looked pensive for a moment, but then said, "Are you aware of the castle's location and confident in your ability to return in safe fashion?"
Max looked at Jennie for a second, pleased that she wanted to run off with him and have some fun, responding, "I'm sure, yes. Plus, my magical skills enable me to map out entire regions, so there is no chance of us getting lost."
After considering the request for a moment, Donus gave them a courteous nod, and then announced to his soldiers that the two would be splitting off for special recon. Max and Jennie bolted out of sight before he had finished speaking.
Grinning, he looked over to his lieutenant who said, "Commander, he is a lucky one."  "We must be happy in our hearts for them. They came a long distance to train with us, and have done their teacher quite proud."
"Sir, I agree with you completely, but that was not what I meant."
"I know, Lieutenant, I know," Donus replied with a smile.

Max and Jennie ran as fast as their heavy battle armor and weaponry would allow them. They bounded over fallen logs and large boulders, and upon entering a wooded area began to navigate through the trees, almost like monkeys. Then, from up in the branches, they saw some rabbits casually munching on grass.
Jennie looked over at Max, wiggling her brow. "Hey Gunnarsson, are you hungry?"
Max thought for a moment, and decided that if he were to become closer with the lovely dega he would have to bend a bit in her direction.
"Sure," he replied, but before he could begin his next sentence she leaped down to the ground, and scrambled around like crazy, trying to capture one of the creatures. Before Max had even left his tree she had captured two of adequate size. He dropped to the ground and gathered a bunch of sticks to make a fire, which he would have ignited using a simple cantus. However, before he could do that, he saw Jennie munching away on one of the rabbits, holding the other out to him with an outstretched arm, her eyes wide with glee.
"Oh my God, Jennie! Raw?" he exclaimed, trying to stifle his look of mortification.
She giggled, her mouth full, sporadically spitting out pieces of fur.
"Come on, Gunnarsson! You need calories. Have you checked your levels lately?"
She was correct in her assumption, as he had not been paying attention to his HUD, as he called it, and upon analysis saw that his energy levels were low. He accepted the small, dead creature, whose neck she had broken upon capture, and started to tear into it just as she was doing. Once they had finished and had wiped their faces of warm blood, they laid back on the fertile earth, looking up at the darkening sky.
Jennie pointed up and said, "It's weird, isn't it? There's just one moon. I'm so used to seeing two in the sky."
Luna and Sienna were tidally locked to Azul and always maintained the same distance to each other, thereby always appearing the same in the sky of their home world. The two kept relaxing while listening to the birds, as they digested their meal and watched the sun set over the horizon, when Max suddenly sat up, alarmed, his eyes keenly scanning through the woods.
"Jennie, do you smell that?"
The woman sniffed the air, her enhanced lycan nose enabling her to detect a faint, rotting odor that was quickly growing in intensity. The two stood up, and taking no precautions, drew their katanas, moving to back-to-back defensive positions. It was no sooner than they had maintained their stances when four vampires - two grotesquely malformed and two looking more human - appeared from out behind a small hill, wearing protective black cloaks that kept the sun's harmful rays away from their skin.
The most normal-looking one stood in place, glaring with a look of utter contempt, and said in a gravelly voice, "There's no tequila here, so I guess I'll just have to make do with your blood, bitch."
"Johnson! You prick!" Jennie screamed, "Draagh said you survived the crash."
One of the lesser-caste vampires became alarmed, and backing away blurted out, "Draagh? No one said anything about Draagh! What does he have to do with any of this?"
The other, more normal appearing one of the group gave the two lycans a stare of pure, unadulterated hatred, but responded to his underling.
"I have no fear of that feeble old blood-sack. Once we are done with these two, we'll march right into that pathetic hut that Krynos calls a castle, and drain the old fool before the very eyes of his oh-so-obedient followers."
Max stared down the new arrivals, his sword at the ready.
"So you're this Lt. Johnson that Bagatelle was talking about. I gotta say, your flight skills suck ass. My cousin could have done a better job landing without power, and he's blind and confined to a grav-chair."
In reality, no one on Azul was sightless, nor confined to grav-chairs. Azul's advanced medical technology could repair any damage one might suffer, with some minor exceptions. Max was merely practicing his insulting skills, and knowing what Johnson had done to the Revolution, wanted the former lieutenant to know he didn't think much of him at all.
Jennie stared the traitor down, mortified by his changed appearance, wanting to throw up in her mouth just a little.
"Wow, and I thought you were potential husband material, you slimy bastard."
Johnson cackled out loud, responding to Jennie's taunt by saying, "Surrender, and I'll make sure you enjoy my new look before I drain you, dega whore."
Max knew that Jennie and Johnson had served together, but was surprised (more like concerned) with her comment to him.
"Jennie, is there something you need to tell me about this walking corpse?"
"Um, we were kinda… dating. Sorry, Gunnarsson."
Max got a feeling of nausea in the pit of his stomach while thinking about his beautiful friend dating another guy - especially one who reeked of a garbage dump.
Three of the vampires then started to move about in a concerted, methodical fashion. They were attempting to surround the lycans, with the remaining one (who had been alarmed upon hearing Draagh's name mentioned) yelling, "I cannot fight those allied with Draagh. He only brings death," as he started to back away.
Johnson looked over to his more normal-looking counterpart and said, "So Ladros, this is how your supposedly superior soldiers behave in the field?"
In a crass display of sociopathic superiority, Johnson leaped over to cut off the fleeing vampire, decapitating the fool with his broadsword, the unfortunate deserter's detached head landing to the earth with a small thump, even before the body started to fall.
"You would kill your own? You guys would get along well with the Vrol," taunted Max, who was keeping his back close to Jennie's as they slowly rotated, keeping all three remaining invaders in their field of vision.
Looking at his HUD, Max noticed that all levels were high, but as he was about to consume a serious amount of energy, he needed to make it quick and get back to the castle. Johnson sneered and spit on the ground, waving his broadsword in small motions to his front.
"The Vrol? So, you have learned their true identity. Hahahaha! Yeah, we have more in common with them than you would ever realize, you idiot. I am going to enjoy this. They say the best thing about lycan blood is the color it makes in the dirt."
Without any warning, the remaining subservient vampire screeched and jumped out at the two young lycans, causing them to quickly separate, with Jennie stating, "I've got this one," as he flew at her from the air.
Before his feet even touched the ground Jennie had spun around and elbowed him in the face, knocking him back five meters. She crouched low, waiting for his follow-up attack, as Max moved out and in-between her and the two remaining vampires - Johnson and the one called Ladros.
"Ryder Johnson, fall back - this one is mine," rasped Ladros, who then cautiously approached Max, sidestepping as he did so.
The injured foot soldier on the ground jumped up, and then again leaped at Jennie, only to have a most unfortunate collision with her power gauntlet, which destroyed the entire maxilla region of his face, and nearly separated his jaw from the rest of his head - taking him out of the battle and leaving him in a heap at the base of a tree. Max moved forward toward Ladros, as Johnson had backed off a few meters, but tried to keep both in visual range, as he didn't want the traitor to circle around and attack his counterpart. Then, with a crackling screech, Ladros ran toward Max in a full frontal attack, with the lycan doing a quick side step to avoid any damage, and conserving energy at the same time.
"The butt! The butt! Do the butt thing!" a beaming Jennie yelled, referring to how Max had used his sword to slap her on the rear after she had charged him during their mock battle earlier in the month.
Max spun about and grinned at the girl, saying, "Aw Jen, I only do that to the finest of potos," and gave her a quick wink before addressing his attacker yet again.
Ladros then attacked Max with a lightning-fast series of direct swings from his broadsword, each one being easily parried off by the lycan, sometimes using his katana, and twice using defensive shield cantuses. Once the attack series was completed, Max executed a forward-spinning jump up and over Ladros, and had carved a letter M on the vampire's back before his feet even touched the ground.
"Oh, touché!" shouted Jennie, while still keeping Johnson in her view. This enraged Ladros to such a point that he lost complete control of himself, and started jumping all around, facing danger head-on while trying to get to Max's back. The one time he did get back there he let go with a mighty swing of his overly large sword, only to have it stopped; Max had quickly and expertly dropped his blade down over his back, avoiding any damage whatsoever. Still, the limited contact alarmed him, and although wanting to conserve his energies, he pushed himself into his battle form, with his limbs slightly elongating, teeth becoming sharp, and finger and toenails turning to small claws. This, of course, doubled his strength, and he used it to go on the offensive, but at the same time still playing a bit with his attacker.
Running up, he pressed chests with Ladros, their swords crossed, and got a whiff of the vampire's repugnant breath.
"Hey, Ladros, I thought you guys drank blood…it smells like you eat rancid gerbil ass."
Jennie giggled, having heard his comment, but didn't notice Johnson attempting to flank her. Max pushed back from Ladros, glad to be away from the vampire's respiratory exhalations, and then noticed Johnson's movements.
"Jennie, Johnson's on you!" he screamed, as his vampire opponent attacked him yet again.
Jennie leaped back, planted her feet wide apart and pointed her katana at Johnson, loudly shouting, "Undaincantatio ultravita!"
Her cantus created a massive blast of ultraviolet light, and was aimed directly at Johnson's face. Ladros shielded his eyes, even though he was not the focus of the blast, while Johnson screamed, his face smoking from the unexpected magical attack.
"You bitch! I'll kill you!" he groaned, as Ladros backed off and yelled at his injured cohort.
"Ryder Johnson, you are blind! Retreat immediately to heal and I will finish the dogs."
With his eyesight almost eliminated, Johnson bumbled over to their fallen comrade, the vampire to whom Jennie had most effectively given a violent form of maxillofacial surgery, and scooped him up, tearing through the woods as he howled in pain.
Now it was Jennie and Max against Ladros, who had pulled a hood with UV-protective facial netting over his head, knowing that he could be attacked with the same cantus at any moment.
"Lycan woman, how are you able to perform magic? Are you also a mage?" demanded the Ladros, who had settled into a defensive position outside of the previous fighting area.
"Naw," she quipped, "I'm just good with gadgets, and I got some more too. You wanna see them?"
She made a silly grin at Max, and batted her long eyelashes at him, apparently enjoying the fight more than he had realized. But Max needed to end it, and quickly, no matter how much fun they were having. If he could end the fight right away he would be able to go after Johnson, who had fled while more or less crying like a little girl.
Jennie sniffed the area just to make sure no one was hiding about, and then, satisfied that they were alone, sat down. She leaned up against a large oak tree and started clapping her hands with glee, cheering Max on.
"Gunnarsson! The butt thing! Smack him on the butt!"
"Ladros, why do you attack us? I know Johnson is a tool, and you hate lycans, and you're evil and smell horrible - no, wait. That's why you attacked us. You want to end the lycan monopoly on mouthwash and deodorant. Ok, ready to die?"
Max looked at Jennie, who was giggling and flush in the face from all the excitement, giving her a wide grin. Then, he instantly leaped four meters into the air, but to Ladros' and Jennie's mutual surprise, he remained airborne. He had called a levitation cantus without verbalizing it, and just stood up there as the vampire wildly and haphazardly swung his blade at him.
"Come down here and fight, you coward! My father ordered us to kill you, and that is what I intend to do. And once I finish with you, I will strip the flesh from your bitch while she still breathes!"
That was Ladros' final error of the day, as Max had no respect for men who said discourteous things about lovely women. He floated back and downwards, staying out of the reach of Ladros' flailing sword, and as soon as his feet touched the ground he flashed forward, his katana a blur, and hit every possible point of lethality on the clueless vampire's body.
Finished, with Ladros standing frozen in place, having suffered far too much damage to his perpetually-rotting and self-repairing system for the salubots to have any beneficial effect, Max turned to Jennie, bowed his head a bit, and said, "My dear…. head's up!"
The lycan/mage spun around 360 degrees with his sword out, and, dropping to a kneeling position while facing towards Jennie with his arms out wide and head bowed down, Max posed for his battle partner as Ladros' detruncated head fell to the ground with a soft thud.
They both sat there for a minute - Max with his head bowed, and Jennie sitting in a cute pose up against the tree, knees tucked in and hands on her cheeks, looking on in astonishment. Then, out of the blue, they looked at each other and started cheering as if they were watching sports team.
"Woohooo! Yeah!" yelled the clapping Jennie, as Max did a silly little celebratory dance.
"Let's do that again!" Jennie shouted, but both then looked around, and already knowing there were no more opponents, started laughing like little children, with Jennie running up to Max and mock-fighting with him, slapping him in the chest. Max made little effort to avoid her hits (rather enjoying the attention), and playfully grabbed her, the end result being the two of them rolling on the ground.
Coming to a stop at the bottom of a small embankment, with Jennie on top, she looked at him and smiled softly as he grinned.
"Jennie, that was an awesome cantus. You toasted Johnson's face pretty good."
"Yeah, who would've thought, ultravita, or ultra life, was the word for UV rays?"
"Well," said Max, "if you think about it, UV rays provide life, but vamps are basically denied by life, so it's the antithesis to everything they are."
Jennie displayed a kind, affectionate smile while still laying upon Max's chest, hers pressing into his. She could easily feel his racing heartbeat, even as he struggled to control his systems.
"You know Gunnarsson, when we first met, well, I wanted to kill you. Now, not so much."
She looked at him, her enormous brown eyes piercing his and penetrating his soul. He had her touching him, lying up against him; something he would have never imagined when they first met (and she tried to blow his face off with her Stinger). Butterflies tickled his stomach, as he felt a surge of energy course through his spine. Then, without thinking, he slowly lifted his face up to kiss her. Jennie closed her eyes and started to move her face towards Max's, in a motion that seemed to take an eternity. Their noses touched as they were on the verge of nuzzling each other, Max holding his breath in anticipation, but then her face suddenly changed. She gained an expression of confusion and apprehension, and rolled off of him and stood up, adjusting her armor.
Nervously fidgeting with her hair she blurted out, "Oh, my sword," and walked over to pick it up where it lay by the tree. Max was stunned. His heart dropped down through his stomach and he felt a pang of agony streak through his torso. The young man's soul screamed as he died a little inside.
"Jennie… are you… ok?"
"Oh yeah, why wouldn't I be? We should get back, really. It's late."
"Yeah, you're right," he said, disappointed as he turned to leave, but then suddenly stopped, looking at the now completely dead, headless body. Max decided to salvage the moment, so he gave Jennie a mischievous grin, ran over to a clearing and found an adequately fat and straight tree branch, about two meters in length. Quickly trimming it with his katana, and sharpening both ends, he strolled over to Ladros' head, picked it up and slammed it onto the branch with a sickening crunch. He then gave the gorgeous woman a matter-of-fact look, walked out to an open area, and stuck the branch into the ground.
"What's that?" asked Jennie, maintaining a grimace on her face.
"A trophy, of course!" exclaimed the victorious lycan.
"Um, Gunnarsson, you bring trophies home, don't you?"
Max looked at her, at the impaled head, and then back at the beautiful dega.
"Only if they don't smell like ass."
"True, true. Well, let's get going, Gunnarsson."

He really wished she would start calling him by his given name.
Chapter 18 - Aftermath

Noting that they both still had adequate energy reserves, they decided to run back to the castle at a quick gait. Jennie was concerned that Draagh would be worried about them, and she didn't want to hear that a search and rescue team had been sent out on their behalf. When she told this to Max he laughed out loud.
"Jennie, Draagh knows exactly where we are… doesn't he, Socrates?"
She almost tripped when she noticed the mask-like apparition, effortlessly whizzing through the air, particles streaming behind it, as it matched their velocity.
"Master Max, Lord Draagh is aware of your good fortunes and victory in battle. In fact, he has already shared the good tidings with all in the castle, and it turned into an excuse for half the regiment to break open casks of their finest mead. There is only one concern they have at this time."
"And what would that be, Socrates?"
"You just succeeded in killing the singular son of Vladros, the vampire king. To make it worse, you impaled the youth's head on a stake. Only the brashest lycan warrior ever does this, as it is meant as a challenge to fight, yet again."

###

In the dark, putrid throne room of Vladros' dank castle far to the north, the news of Max's victory was not so well received.
"Dead? My son is dead?" Lord Vladros bellowed, tearing at the dying skin on his face. His rage-filled visage terrified all of the lower-caste soldiers and attendants in his presence, as he stormed about the expansive chamber. He ranted on about how he was going to find the criminals, and use them as barely-living blood bags, while his hellcats, a perverse, magical cross breed of the jaguar and the hyena, would tear at their flesh.
Ryder Johnson stood off to the side, and without thinking cockily stated, "Hey, I told him to watch out for that guy."
"You mewling wimp!" roared the vampire king, while staring at the off-world vampire who seemed unaffected by his rage. "You should have assisted him! Now he is dead! My son is dead!"
Falling back onto his throne, he put his head in his hands, and if he were anything but a half-dead vampire king one would think that he was crying, but as vampires were unable to cry this was not the case.
"He was with the female, you say?" he brusquely asked Johnson, who had moved closer to the stage upon which the throne sat.
"Yeah, a real teasing dega-bitch by the name of Jennie Escalante. Apparently she learned a few tricks too, 'cause she was just an ordinary officer on our ship before we got dragged to this shit-hole."
Vladros shot Johnson a glare of utter contempt and said, "I know not what a dega is, alien troll, but take care with the words with which you use to describe my kingdom. You only continue breathing by my good graces."
Johnson backed off, bowing slightly, and putting the manipulations his father had taught him to good use.
"My Lord, if you desire, I believe there is a way we can exact revenge for the unjust murder of your son."
"And what would that be, puddle-slime?"
"Let's kidnap him and torture him for a while," Johnson suggested as he wore a sneer on his twisted, disintegrating mouth.
Vladros looked like he was considering it for a moment. "Did you not say that he was performing magic? And did that young minor-mage in the normals' village not proclaim the same thing?"
"Well, yeah, he was. So what?"
"You ignorant fool! As soon as we got him here he could simply escape, using his infernal tricks. If Draagh has been training him, then there is no doubt that he has already acquired a great deal of skill. As much as I hate mages - especially Draagh, who has been a constant thorn in my side - he is possibly the most powerful mage in existence, so all must be taken into consideration."
Johnson looked up in the air, thinking for a moment, his now-rotting brain ticking away with ideas meant to create pain and suffering.
"Well, then let's get the girl. She's obviously important to him, so we'll just grab her, and then he'll wake up in the morning with her severed head on his windowsill."
Vladros looked over to his left, motioning for someone to approach. The figure neared the king, but remained in the shadows while awaiting orders from its liege.
"Make plans to get the female lycan. Now."
Johnson backed away with an evil, insidious grin upon his malformed face. He had no intention of letting them kill Jennie so quickly. He wanted to have his way with her first - but he was two steps behind the vampire king, and didn't even realize it.

###

As Jennie and Max approached the castle, they virtually flew through the open gate, the guards having been made aware of their impending arrival via Socrates' instant notifications. They went directly to the main hall, where the celebration had already begun, and the two tore into plates of food set before them; they had only consumed a scrawny rabbit each, so nourishment was at the top of their list. They were quite pleased with the celebration, but Jennie showed a bit of hesitation around her compatriot, due to Max's attempted kiss after defeating the vampire son of Vladros. Still, even though she wasn't sitting as close to him as she had been recently, he enjoyed being in her presence, as well as that of all of Krynos' forces. The young man had shown true mettle in the fight, and had emerged victorious against a young, but powerful enemy. Ladros was of the highest vampire caste and bloodline, making him much more powerful than most other ghouls, so Max's victory was considerable.
Revelers slapped him on the back, and used the young man's good fortunes to try to cop a feel on Jennie, which she lithely avoided at every attempt. As they opened yet another cask of mead, the crowd again demanded that Max recount the tale of how he called a levitation cantus without uttering a word, and then hit every known lethal point on the vampire, before touching the ground and decapitating the wretched creature in most spectacular fashion. Max tried to brush this all off, instead telling them how Jennie permanently disfigured a vampire goon's face with her gauntlet, causing the entire hall to roar with laughter. He even goaded Jennie to get up on their table and recreate a scene of the deft use of her new skills. So, there she was, a golden cup full of mead in her hand, swinging it around and splashing the liquid all over the table and various lycans' heads, while making adorable expressions for each one of her simulated crushing blows and swings of her sword. Krynos and Draagh sat at the high table, roaring with laughter and delight. Through their antics and animated behavior the two visitors made it a night worth remembering.
Most everyone had gone off to sleep, while Max, Jennie, Draagh and Donus were sitting at a large table in the center of the hall, chatting about past experiences. Donus found the world of Azul to be quite interesting, especially after they had explained the concept of technology and space travel to him. Draagh told them stories about strange societies long extinct, and of a sapient species that wrote the most amazing five-dimensional poetry. Jennie told tales of her youth, but her childhood was not exciting at all, so the stories fell rather flat. The best stories of all came from Max, who told everyone how he had invented the hook drive, and then how he had taken it for his own use, as corrupt politicians had prohibited its further implementation.
Once he had completely detailed his story, Jennie felt more compassion for the man; she had previously believed him to be a thief and a traitor, but finding now that he was trying to save his world, with no ill will towards anyone. As Draagh had told her before, there was certainly more to him than one could see at first glance.
Max went to leave the great hall, and bid everyone a good night. Jennie stood up with him, preferring to be escorted to her room, as they housed next to each other, and also desired to avoid any lycan soldiers who might be lurking around the dark hallways of the castle.
Walking up to the stairs to their level, Jennie asked him, "Gunnarsson, when first we met, why didn't you tell me your version of the whole story - you know, about the hook drive and the Artusians - errr - the Vrol?"
Max gave her an odd gaze, and then stopped at his door. "Well Jennie, to start off, you unloaded a few hundred rounds into Draagh's chest and then tried to shoot me in the face. I was in what you could call an extremely hostile situation. Besides that, I left Azul for Earth because I didn't believe that the Security Council was acting in the best interest of our world, and the military was taking orders from those ass-clowns. I am more than certain that Draagh had something to do with prompting me along. And he told you everything you needed to know while you gave me the stink-eye."
Max then finished by calmly saying, "Good night, Jennie," and walked into his room, shut the door without even looking back.
Jennie stood there, slack-jawed and stunned, with a door shut in her face; that had never happened to her before in her entire adult life.

The following morning, after having eaten breakfast alone, Max went to train in the great hall, but noticed that Jennie wasn't there. Draagh entered, looking rather fit, with a broad smile on his face, greeting Max in his typical fashion.
"Good morning, my son! Are we ready to conquer more of the mysteries of magic and the space/time continuum today?"
Max's face lit up as he asked, "You mean slips? Yeah gramps, let's do it. I'm more than ready to take on this stuff."
There were two types of slips - a slip being a type of teleportation via what resembled a fractional wormhole. The first type, the three-dimensional, or 3D slip involved moving about on the same world, utilizing precise X, Y and Z coordinates - latitude, longitude and elevation. One could not slip into the solid inside of a mountain, so the elevation portion was critical. A complex movericantus was used for these types of slips, but greater distances required some advanced calculations.
The other type, the 4D slip, was required for more advanced travel, such as through space/time. It mattered not if it was on the same world, or to a different planet, or even to a parallel world (of which existed an infinite number) - the fourth-dimensional coordinate was required. Socrates was necessary to compile the data for these slips the first time around, as these calculations (based on what was called the Kamiliak Equation) were beyond the understanding of most mages save for the most powerful ones such as Draagh, and certainly not within the realm of knowledge nor capabilities of minor-mages. Even then, Draagh utilized Socrates' vast knowledge base and amazing computational power to hasten the process. The aged wizard had become a bit lazy throughout his eons of existence, and his beloved herb only helped to exacerbate his distaste for complex math.
High-level mages (the Prīmulī, as well as archangels and, in limited cases, their offspring) carried a physical object that was genetically encoded to their systems, via the living, non-sentient ghanlo contained within. These ghanlos had massive amounts of memory, and could save 3D and 4D slip data, enabling the mage to return to points in space/time where he had previously been without having to go through the process of recalculating coordinates. Lower-level mages had no such devices, and merely recited cantuses.
As Max was Draagh's grandson, he was informed that he would be able to use the ancient one's staff on a local level, albeit with some minor limitations. The two went about slipping to various parts of the castle, and when Draagh felt that Max had a decent enough grasp of the concepts, allowed his young charge to select a location with which he was familiar, so Max slipped with his grandfather to the location of the battle with Ladros.
Looking out over the grassy area in which they fought, Draagh kneeled down and touched the earth, which caused an eerie glow to set out from his outstretched palm.
"They returned. Yes, they did indeed," stated the aged wizard, but Max already knew this, as the pole in which he had impaled the separated skull of his opponent was gone of course, along with the head. "We shall not return here, my son," exclaimed Draagh. There is an aura of evil that emanates from this ground - it is spoiled."
Max got the message, and slammed the staff into the ground and slipping them back to the main hall, where they were to continue lessons for the rest of the day.

Jennie passed her day practicing furiously in the open pitch of the training grounds, still miffed by Max's treatment of her the previous night. As she flipped over obstacles with ease and shot fireballs at forward targets with her wand, she simultaneously performing double scissor kicks on lateral targets, destroying them with her powerful legs. She was sweating like a pig, and had done all of her practice in battle form, necessitating a break for nourishment, as her levels were nearly depleted.
As she walked into the dining hall she saw Max and Draagh sitting at a table to the side of the room, but instead of greeting them, as was her fashion, she simply ignored the two and took a seat further on in the expansive chamber, laying her katana on the table top, off to the side. With three giant plates of steaming hot meat set before her, she dug in, eating voraciously, and not even noticing when Draagh had sat down by her side.
"My dear girl!" he said in a rather loud and almost obnoxious voice, "why not come sit with us? I believe your young colleague has a great deal to tell you regarding today's lessons."
"Naw, that's Ok, Pops. Gotta get back out and train some more," she matter-of-factly replied.
Draagh paused for a moment, but continued to look at her with a kind gaze.
"Very well, then. I am sure you have much to accomplish, but may I ask something of you?"
Jennie looked up from the meat-loaded plates with innocent, but uninterested eyes, her lower face covered in the meat's succulent juices, which dripped down her chin and onto her tunic. With a large chunk of flank steak hanging from the corner of her mouth, she looked at her teacher and nodded in the affirmative.
"Would you loan me your sword - your katana, for the rest of the day? I would like to study it a bit. You see, I find that particular weapon to be quite fascinating and-"
Before he could finish his request, she slid the blade in its saya, or sheath, over to him on the table, and then dug her face back into her plate of food, slurping and chewing with less table manners than even the least-educated of lycan soldiers.
Draagh stood up, and after thanking her most graciously, walked back over to Max, with the girl's sword in his hand.
"Hey Draagh, why do you have her sword? Did you put her on battle-girl time-out?" Max asked, with just a touch of sarcasm to his voice.
Draagh took a moment to decipher Max's use of archaic English, and chuckled lightly, saying, "Oh no, not at all. She is being a good girl, though she is a bit upset - yes, that much is certain. Did the two of you have an argument, perhaps last night after you left the main hall?"
Max looked at him and shook his head while saying, "Nope. I just said goodnight and went to bed."
Draagh knew this to be partially true, as he had witnessed through Socrates - who was hidden in the trees during their battle with the vampires - the aftermath of the fight, including Max's attempt to kiss her. Draagh gave his grandson a warm gaze, and sat down next to him.
"My boy, one must be patient with the fairer sex, and especially so with lycan females. There is a spark between the two of you, but it will not set any embers ablaze if forced, much like when one blows too hard on kindling for the fire. The potential flame simply extinguishes."
Max gave him a deadpan look, and after a brief pause said, "Ok, whatever. Sounds about right to me."
Leaving Jennie in peace, the two returned to the main hall, where Max was allowed to use the staff on his own, but only to slip within the castle itself. Outside locations were not allowed. As Max used Draagh's staff he would not be depleting his own magical skills readout line, and thus not suffer a timeout. Draagh did this to allow Max a bit of controlled freedom and ample practice, and also so he could be alone and examine Jennie's impressive katana, which was made many years prior by Ohiro's grandfather, on what remained of the Japanese main island. As he set about studying the sword, he got a twinkle in his eye and started to manipulate the fearsome weapon with detailed, unspoken cantuses.
Meanwhile, Max was using his grandfather's staff in a most devious fashion, popping in and out of various rooms throughout the castle, and even unwittingly slipped into the small quarters of a post pubescent lycan male who was, at that very moment, discovering the mechanics of his manhood.
"Oops, sorry, bro! Been there, done that!" Max exclaimed, as the frightened youth jumped behind a wardrobe partition and tried to cover his exposed parts.
Feeling a bit awkward after having been painfully reminded of his own journey of self-discovery, Max decided to stop invading the privacy of others, and to bring it out into the open. He slipped into the training grounds, tamping the staff on the earthen pitch and making small concussion waves and popping sounds as he slipped around Jennie's manic efforts at self-improvement; this time without her katana, and only her wand and gauntlet.
The field trainers watched with great amusement as Max appeared and disappeared, while Jennie scrambled over obstacles and shot balls of fire at the annoying young lycan/mage. She nearly hit him on more than one occasion, so he upped the ante by interfering with her path, using conjured laser blasts, and although they were harmless, they did cause her some level of distraction.
As they went on it seemed like she was enjoying the enhanced level of difficulty more and more. Finally, they were both worn out, and as the training hours had come to an end, Max went over to where she was sitting and dropped down next to her.
"Excellent!" shouted Max, having some imagery of a late-20th century movie he had frequently watched as a child pop into his head - the story about two teenaged friends who were provided with a time machine, and assigned with the simple task of researching history so that they could pass their final exam and not be separated into different schools.
"Hey Jennie, did you ever watch any old movies, like from Earth?"
She looked at him, her curiosity aroused, and asked, "You mean when people performed? Before the industry was completely computerized?"
Max nodded, as he smiled, feeling glad that she wasn't ignoring him anymore. "Yeah, back then."
By the mid-21st century, computers were doing all of the work for entertainment, and Hollywood film actors, as they were called, had gone the way of the dinosaur. On Azul, the only actors that existed were people who performed live, in front of audiences, and then only did so out of a love for the art, as they were required to memorize long lines and display great skill in portraying their characters without having the luxury of being able to stop and start over again. Needless to say, it wasn't something one did for a career, as no one could ever earn enough pesos, francs or dollars to make it worth their while.
"Yeah, I saw a few. Hard to believe people were paid incredible amounts for doing that, huh?"
Max laughed and said, "There was this movie about these two idiots, Bill and Ted, and they had a time-"
"Oh I saw that one!" she interrupted, excitedly. "They kidnapped figures from throughout history for their report! It was pretty funny. Come to think of it, can we go back in time, once you learn 4D slipping, and maybe train with Genghis Khan?"
They both burst out laughing, practically rolling on the ground on which they were seated.
"You know, you're getting scary-good. No vampire is going to last long around you - especially smelling like that. Speaking of stink, I wonder what cannibals fight like?"
Jennie looked over, knowing that her natural perfume was less than desirable at the moment, and gained a slight grin.
"Yeah Gunnarsson, I've been wondering the same thing. You think maybe Draagh could set us up with a sampler?"
Max thought for a second, and then said, "Hey, let's go ask him. Stand up!"
The two young officers rose from their seated positions on the grass, where he slammed the staff to the ground, slipping them to the main hall, surprising Draagh, who was seated at his table. It was a complete mess, covered with manuscripts, books, candles and some archaic-looking devices, most with magical qualities. As soon as the pop sounded that designated their arrival, Draagh started waving his hand out in front of his nose.
"My hall smells of the ripest of lycans. Dear Jennie, I do so hope you have fit a bath into your busy schedule", he called out.
"Hey Draagh," Jennie asked, with a hopeful look on her face, "Can we go kill some cannibals?"
Draagh looked at her aghast, and replied, "Oh my dear, no, Jennie. Why would you want to do that?"
"Well," added Max, "they're the enemy, right?"
Draagh gave them a sad, pitying expression and said, "What has befallen them is not their fault, and as long as we can keep them from harming others and adding to their population we do not kill them. It is quite tragic, as they lose a good deal of reason when they are infected. We only kill when attacked, and never, ever out of pleasure or for sport."
Jennie looked at the old mage, and had an expression of complete understanding. Max also wore a face of remorse for having even considered it, as he delicately placed Draagh's staff on the table next to Primulus. Draagh then stood and took his staff in his hand.
"I must meet with Krynos over matters of the utmost urgency. Shall we meet for dinner? It is Donus' birthday today, and it is sure to be quite a celebration."
Both of them looked at Draagh as their eyes lit up, with Jennie quickly responding, saying, "Ok, that sounds great - but hey! Where's my katana?"
Draagh looked back briefly as he went to exit the main hall, saying, "Oh, I haven't finished with it yet. May I return it to you in the morning?"
"Ok, that's cool. Thanks!" replied the beautiful, but sweaty and malodorous lycan girl.
Suddenly, Max ran over to his departing grandfather, saying, "Draagh, just a minute," and then whispered something in the old mage's ear. Draagh got a slight grin and nodded, turning away and continuing his exit from the room.
With an extremely inquisitive look on her face, Jennie asked Max, "Hey Gunnarsson, what was that about?"
"Oh, you'll see," he said with a devilish grin. 

Chapter 19 - Let's Dance

Both Max and Jennie returned to their respective quarters to clean up for the party. Jennie spent and substantial amount of time scrubbing down in the shower, as she had spent the majority of the day in battle form, and that tended to create a strong scent. Max also showered, but was able to spend time going over some manuscripts, before visiting with his grandfather so he could pick up what was a very special request.
About an hour before Donus' birthday celebration was about to begin, Jennie heard a knocking on her door. Max's scent was in the corridor, and, dressed only in a plush towel, she opened the portal to see what it was he wanted. To her surprise, Max was standing in the hallway in an all-white, commander's ceremonial uniform from Azul Military, with another uniform draped over his arm. She almost gasped when she saw him, having never seen him dressed like that before. She had always seen him as his usual unkempt self - nerdy and down to business, or in ill-fitting battle armor. But this time he was dressed to the nines, as they used to say. Although unwilling to admit it, she found him rather attractive, and also felt that the uniform made him look much manlier than usual.
"Jennie, I assume you didn't bring your dress whites either?" he asked, fully expecting a negative response, to which she slowly shook her head with a little smile, still visually scanning the young commander up and down.
"Ok then," he said, "take this and get dressed," handing her the uniform and officer's slouch hat he had earlier asked Draagh to conjure. "We'll show these puppies what real uniforms look like." He then gave her a quick wink and burst off back to his room.
Jennie shut the door, turned around and softly fell back against the dark wood of the portal, staring off with a look of wonderment on her face as she slowly slid downwards into a seated position, her supple legs bent in front.
"Wow," she whispered breathlessly, "he's kinda hot. Damn."

Donus' party was already in full swing by the time the two off-worlders entered. It was the lycan commander's 123rd birthday, and as such, he was considered quite young for his leadership position. Draagh was seated at the high table with Krynos, and although Donus had a seat of honor with them, he preferred to remain on the main floor with his soldiers and compatriots. They were playing a game that comprised of smashing each other in the face with large legs of roasted moose, while maintaining their balance on precariously stacked wooden blocks.
"Lycan Jenga, "joked Max, referring to an ancient Earth game of stacking, and then removing small, wooden blocks. Jennie had no idea what Jenga was, so she returned a quizzical expression as the two stepped into the hall. Suddenly, the entire party came to a near stand-still, as almost everyone looked up to the main entrance stairs to watch two figures descend to the main floor, dressed in the most impressive white they had ever seen. As the two walked the main thoroughfare between the rows of tables, lycans - soldiers, administrators and their spouses - watched the two, who were basically aliens, majestically enter side by side with their heads held high and hats held at their sides. Whispers began throughout the crowd, and even Krynos looked on with great admiration, never having expected these two to show up in such fine garb.
Draagh smiled with a gleam in his eye, quite proud of his two pupils, and also quite pleased with his apparent matchmaking skills, as it seemed that they had come to some sort of mutual understanding - an agreement that he hoped would eventually lead to something of a more permanent nature.
The two stopped in front of the high table, with Max taking a step forward, bowing slightly.
"King Krynos, Commander Maximilianus Gunnarsson and Lieutenant Jennifer Escalante hereby make a formal request to attend this great celebration - with your permission, of course."
Krynos looked at them with feigned apprehension at first, and then broke out into an incredible smile. Standing up, he spread out his arms and said loudly, "Donus, would you have these two fine military officers visiting us from a far-away world attend your birthday celebration?"
Donus, wearing an equally giant smile, looked out at the massive crowd and yelled, "What say my brothers and sisters?" to which the entire crowd roared with approval, prompting Donus to run up and embrace the two, taking great care not to stain their white, almost angelic-looking uniforms.
"My friends," he exclaimed loudly, "when you first arrived I was unsure of your ability to fit in, and even complete a single run on the obstacle course. Not only did you surprise me, you have made me incredibly proud. So proud that I shall call you my brother and sister from this day on out."
The crowd applauded and howled, with many of the attendees going to pat the two on their backs. Then, as Max and Jennie turned to take seats somewhere in the expansive crowd, Krynos called out to them, "My friends, young pups. Please be seated with us at the high table. Your efforts and successes have more than earned you the privilege," to which Max and Jennie looked at other with grins, and then bounded up the stairs to take their places with the lycan king and their teacher.
Enjoying the raucous festivities, with various soldiers bashing each other with the closest thing they could get their hands on - sometimes other lycans - Max and Jennie sat and chatted with Krynos and Draagh, telling them about their training earlier in the day, especially where Max was slipping throughout the training field, with Jennie trying in vain to blast him with her wand. Max even admitted that she had managed to singe his posterior on more than one occasion. Further, he recounted how he had slipped into that poor youth's room at the precise moment of the lad's self-discovery, which brought tear-laden laughter, and almost caused Krynos to choke on his fortified mead.
There was music, quite similar to what one would expect to hear in the middle ages of Earth's past, but Max had an idea. He whispered into Jennie's ear, asking her a question to which, at first, she timidly shook her head no. After a bit more apparent pleading, she nodded approvingly. It was then that he bounded down into the main area and raised his arms, calling for everyone's attention. The crowd quieted down after a minute, as it was difficult (almost impossible) to keep lycans soundless during a party.
"My friends, King Krynos, Draagh my grandfather, and especially Donus, whose incredible hospitality has touched me deep in my heart - as you all know, our common ancestors are from Earth, but Earth of the distant past. That being said, I am proud to say that all of you - even though we are here on the home-world of mankind, and not on Azul - are our future."
The crowd roared with great fervor, as Max continued, "However, we were not born of this planet, and although we are lycan, we do have differences, and it is one these differences we would like to demonstrate for you here tonight - as a birthday gift for our brother Donus."
This caused numerous faces to show a bit of confusion, but Max's great smile kept this to a minimum. Then suddenly, the young mage looked as if he were concentrating, and with his hands out in front, brought up an infoscreen similar to what Draagh typically used. Gasps emanated from the crowd, with small bits of clapping, followed by numerous hushes. Then, Max looked up to the high table with a soft smile.
"Lt. Escalante, would you please honor me with your presence?"
Smiling, the stunning young lycan walked down the stairs from her place at the high table to accompany him, while he appeared to touch his infoscreen, causing accordion music to play. As she approached Max, Draagh waved a finger around, and the woman's military uniform gracefully and magically transformed into a white, tight fitting,  mid-length dress with a sunken neckline, open at the sides, and revealing her gorgeous legs, while her shoes simultaneously converted to high heels.
The crowd was used to seeing occasional magic from minor-mages and even Draagh, but Jennie's transformation was on a completely different level. She seethed with beauty and sensuality, and everyone felt it from their heads to their toes. No less than 10 men dropped their goblets, which caused more than a few to get backhanded and/or punched by their female companions.
Tango music, indigenous to their Argentinean ancestors, played throughout the hall at perfect volume, as Max and Jennie expertly performed one of the most difficult, yet powerfully sexy dances ever devised by man. Men stared (at Jennie's legs), and women were on the verge of tears of joy at seeing this incredible display of sensuality translated into a dance between two amazingly attractive people - two people who shared a chemistry that was apparent to everyone in attendance - except for the two Azul military officers themselves. Max would step back, with the alluring Jennie matching his steps precisely in a forward motion, eyes locked and both wearing mischievous grins, as their bodies seemed to navigate as one over the dance floor.
If one didn't know any better they would have believed the two were going to drop to the floor and begin to make love in front of everyone, but the beauty of the dance was that it left everyone on the edge of their seats.
At the triumphant end of the performance, Max held his dance partner close, bent forward and low, holding her back mere centimeters from the floor, with their lips nearly touching. The crowd burst to their feet, applauding and cheering. Then they started throwing things (heavy objects, not roses), because that was what lycans would do when they showed appreciation.
Max waved his hand and conjured a protective shield as he held Jennie close, keeping their white clothing from becoming stained with the various airborne meats and goblets.
After bowing in all directions, they headed back up to the high table, where Krynos exclaimed that every lycan should learn this tango dance, as it reflected the true beauty and grace of their people. Max and Jennie looked around, watching as various goblets, chairs, shields and food (as well as a most unfortunate servant) sailed across the room.
Looking at each other, they snickered as Max quietly said to the girl, "I think we need to help them work on the grace part first."
After having taken their seats, Max happened to see his lycan skills trainer, Alea, walking through the party, dodging various airborne objects with great ease. Not having noticed her before, he wondered how Draagh was faring from her nightly visits to his quarters, but decided not to ask. According to rumor, he had a very particular set of skills when it came to pleasing women, despite his advanced age, and to ask him might have welcomed some unwanted, descriptive details.
Alea had not approached Max since he had turned her down in his room, and for that he was glad. He had much to accomplish, and his relationship with Jennie was, well - it was complex.
As the festivities continued for some time, Max later noticed Alea at a table, seated with some support staff, when the rarely seen resident mage of the castle, Siegfried, approached her and whispered something into her ear. She gave him a look of surprise, but Max paid it no further attention, and turned to his friends, now that Donus had returned to the high table and was telling tales of epic battles.
Alea looked around nervously, and then left the dining hall. She went down a dark, barely-lit hallway in the castle, and again encountered Siegfried, who motioned for her to enter into a room. He closed the door behind them and flipped back the hood of his cloak, which he always wore over his head. Upon doing this, Alea suddenly detected the scent of vampires, and backed away, completely alarmed.
"Do not be afraid, Alea. I bring you good news." Alea studied him with a precautionary glare.
"Nothing good comes from those who smell of death, o minor mage."
Siegfried made a tsk, tsk, tsk sound as he slowly paced around the room.
"Ye of little faith, have I not assisted you in the past?" he hissed.
Alea gave him a sullen glare and agreed that he had. Siegfried then looked at her and said, "Your husband yet lives, and I can help you to secure his release, but you must also help me."
Shocked, her jaw dropped, and she stammered, "Morgus lives? B-b-but, what must I do?"
"Listen to me carefully, woman. If you follow my instructions, Morgus shall be returned to you unharmed," said the devious minor-mage.

The party was soon coming to an end, but Max was enjoying his discussions with Donus and Krynos, explaining the various technicalities of hook drive mechanics. Having become tired and bored, Jennie bid them good night, and Max stood, asking if he could escort her to her room, to which she declined - not because she didn't want him to, but because she felt he was having an excellent time, doing his male-bonding thing with the guys.
The four men continued their animated discussion as Jennie left. She rounded a corner and was going through a corridor when Alea approached her, coming out of nowhere.
"Jennie, I know we have not had the chance to visit, but could I speak with you for a moment?"
Jennie graciously declined. She just wanted to go to bed, being a little tipsy from the ample quantities of mead she had consumed.
"Hey, I'm sorry, but I'm super tired and want to sleep."
Not even saying anything else, Jennie passed by Alea and continued down the hall toward her room, failing to notice a black-robed figure lurking in the darkness.

Back in the main hall the party soon finished, and all went to retire for the night. Max thanked Donus and Krynos for the most incredible celebration ever, before making his way back to his quarters. As he neared his room, he noticed something was wrong. Running to Jennie's quarters, he kicked her door open and found her room to be empty, which he knew to be true before even entering, as he couldn't detect her scent anywhere.
Panicking, but wanting to make sure he was correct, he started 3D slipping around the castle, sniffing the air for any sign of her proximity. When absolutely sure she was nowhere to be found, he ran to the main hall and sounded the alarm by rotating the handle of a claxon horn.
Dozens of men filled the hall in an instant, with Krynos and Draagh showing up in their sleeping gowns, the old mage already having a look of extreme concern on his face.

Max stood in the middle of everyone and nervously shouted, "Jennie's been taken."

Chapter 20 - Bagatelle Betrayed

Rear Admiral Luigi Bagatelle stood before a large, black wall, eight meters high, with six men and two women seated at desks up above, and all wearing dark-blue robes. The room was designed for inquiries, and Bagatelle was there to answer some questions, as well as ask a few of his own. There was no audience seating in the chamber. Just a small area for the accused and his/her legal representation. Bagatelle looked up to an ugly sight.
Councilman Len Johnson leered down at the admiral, a sneer lining his lips, with his pale complexion making his face the most visible of the eight permanent members of the Security Council.
"So, Rear Admiral, you willingly admit that you failed to apprehend the traitor, Commander Maximilianus Gunnarsson, and further, that you didn't find his ship? How do we not know that Gunnarsson, at this moment, is not developing SSCC technology for Earth humans?"
"Respected Council," started Bagatelle, "first of all, there are no more Earth human settlements, save for a few isolated areas, and these poor souls have been knocked back to the Stone Age. As you have all seen the vids I provided, Earth was wiped out by an alien race called the Vrol, and -"
Bagatelle was immediately interrupted by the ghoulish, bacho councilman.
"Yes, yes, we all saw your falsified vids. Quite poor quality, if you ask me. Answer my question, Rear Admiral. How are we to be assured that Gunnarsson will not return with a fleet of invading earthlings?"
Bagatelle knew this procedure. It was a form of entrapment, and was a typical ploy of politicians during hearings in Earth's past. Deny evidence, and then demand an explanation, not having to take the supplied evidence into account. Then, if an alternate, yet reasonable explanation is provided, deny, change the subject, and again attack. Johnson was a student of history, and was many steps ahead; he had been planning this for quite some time.
Bagatelle continued, "Honored Council, we found it necessary to divert resources to finding Lt. Ryder Johnson, who murdered -"
"Preposterous! Absolutely without merit!" Councilman Johnson screamed, his pale face almost turning red with fabricated rage. "You would use missing my son as a scapegoat to cover for your incompetency? How dare you! He has been faithfully serving Azul forces for years, and yet, in an attempt to get out of accepting responsibility for your total failure as the commanding officer on the most important mission this planet's military has ever undertaken, you drag his, and MY name in the mud? Rear Admiral, I will see you up on charges before you leave these chambers!"
Bagatelle sighed, knowing his only chance would be to get the rest of the Council to believe that the vids from Earth were real.
"Honored Council, please hear me out completely. This is critical to the survival of our worlds. The approaching aliens who call themselves Artusians are actually the Vrol, the same species that decimated Earth and killed nearly everything with a virulent, genetically-engineered amoeba-"
"STOP!" roared Johnson. "This is beyond the pale, and this so-called amoeba of which you speak was engineered right here, in your scientific research facilities."
Bagatelle looked up at the leering Johnson and said, "That is completely untrue! How can you even say that?"
"Bring him in!" demanded Johnson, and as Bagatelle turned around he saw a meek-looking man in a science division tech uniform brought in, surrounded by numerous security personnel. Wearing shackles, he stood, his head hung low and not looking up. Johnson peered over the edge of the tall and imposing structure upon which they sat, and spoke to the tech while maintaining a hateful glare.
"Tell us, Tech Olson. Tell the council how you created that fake amoeba, and how you manufactured the videos of the supposed invasion of earth."
"It is all true, as the honorable councilman said," stated Olson. Bagatelle looked at the man, shocked, as Johnson interjected.
"Tell the council who gave you the orders to manufacture this traitorous garbage!"
"Rear Admiral Luigi Bagatelle, honorable councilman."
Bagatelle stood frozen in place, mouth agape, unable to speak. He had never seen this man before in his life, and all of the evidence he had brought back from Earth was being twisted and used against him by Johnson, who was much more sinister and dangerous than he had ever before believed.
Johnson looked over at his fellow council members, who had remained, for the most part, silent during the hearing. Then, speaking to them, he said, "My friends - not only has Rear Admiral Bagatelle lied and falsified evidence to support his claims, my son - my own dear boy has been listed as missing in action thanks to this disgrace to a uniform. So, I'll tell you what I believe - I think that Admiral Bagatelle was working with Gunnarsson, and had invented this whole preposterous scheme in order to create a military armada on Earth, with the intention of returning here and making Azul into a military dictatorship, with Bagatelle himself installed as emperor! So I propose - with the evidence pointing against Rear Admiral Bagatelle - I propose that we immediately assume control over Azul Military Scientific Research and remove the SSCC technology from the Revolution. I have already identified a group of experts who can quickly do this. Further, I demand that Rear Admiral Bagatelle be stripped of rank and immediately placed in detention before he can do further damage or contact any traitorous underlings."
Johnson leaned back and looked out into the black chamber halls, gloating and waiting for the final act to play out. The other council members met in murmured whispers, conferring with each other. Finally, one member, a female, stood and addressed the chambers.
"Rear Admiral Bagatelle - while the evidence submitted against you is overwhelming, we have procedure, and no matter the crisis, we must stick to procedure, for that is the law, and the law is final." Then, looking at Johnson, she continued, "Councilman Johnson, we appreciate your efforts looking into this apparent failure of a mission, but the council cannot act alone and simply take command of this planet's entire military. It is for these reasons that Rear Admiral Luigi Bagatelle shall be taken into custody and placed under house arrest, with a technology lock over his quarters, precluding him from communicating with anyone aside from his representative council, until such a time as we are able to investigate further into this tragedy. However, he shall retain his rank, and The Revolution shall remain equipped as is. Further, the council shall not take over military operations. There are three branches to our government, and we are only one of the three. This separation of powers is specifically provided for in the Constitution, to which we must always be faithful, lest we fall to tyranny. This is the will of the court."
Johnson bolted upright in his seat and screamed, "What! What? You dare allow the evil fruits of this ingrate's labor to continue on, putting every man, woman and child on this planet in jeopardy? You are blind! Don't you see? Sometimes we must take control - this time we must take control, as Bagatelle has gone too far! My son is most probably dead, killed by the hand of this pathetic excuse for a man, all in order to further his agenda of taking over an entire system! Fools! All of you!"
Johnson stormed out of the chambers as the other members of the council stood up. Bagatelle looked concernedly over at Tech Olson, but surprisingly displaying no malice.
"Son, why? You know that everything you said is untrue."
Olson kept looking down, avoiding eye contact with his superior officer and said, "I'm sorry Sir. I'm truly sorry."
He was then led away in his shackles, while security agents bound Bagatelle with the same type of chains.
Chapter 21 - Jennie Betrayed

Darkness slowly turned to a dull light as nothingness gradually became existence. Jennie Escalante opened her eyes, seeing with difficulty, as her hair was hanging in her face, matted with clotted blood and obscuring her vision. She had been beaten in the head, and could feel the pain in her ribcage. She saw her bruised legs, due to her already revealing tango dress having been shredded. As she became aware of her surroundings she felt a dull panic, but at the same time gained her reason and tried to remain calm.
She tried to move, but found she was chained to a wall. The putrid-smelling dungeon cell gave off a feeling of dark sickness, worse than the most disgusting dysentery one might imagine. The rotting scent of vampire was everywhere, and sharpening her hearing, she heard the wails and moans of prisoners - all normals - who had been taken to the castle to be perversely used as living food sources.
Trying to clear the blood-encrusted hair out of her eyes, she detected footsteps approaching. She scrambled back, only to be stopped by the wall behind her as she pulled at her iron arm cuffs. Jennie realized that it would take more than a few minutes to get free of her bonds, if she was able to at all, so she sat back and waited for her visitor, whom she smelled quite clearly - Ryder Johnson.
"Oh my, my, my, how are we, Jennie?" sneered Johnson, his face having become even more disgusting looking since she had last seen him. "I must say, that was quite a nice dress. I never took you for one who was into indigenous performances, but then again, all degos are trash."
"Go screw yourself, Johnson," she commanded, "and take a look in the mirror when you do. It'll be sure to shrivel your di-"
"Shut up!" he screamed, interrupting her. "I am in control here, and you're my bitch. I may not be able to drink you, but I can make you suffer. Oh, by the way, it was nice seeing those again," he hissed, pointing at her partially exposed chest. "It seems like God did something right. They have a nice feel to them."
"You sick puke," she growled, but became momentarily alarmed while she concentrated on her enhanced lycan physiology. To her relief she couldn't detect that she had been violated - yet.
"What do you want with me? Can't win a battle on your own, so you have to go and kidnap a drunken girl from a party? And speaking of that, who took me? The last thing I remember was talking to… oh damn," she trailed off, remembering talking to Alea.
"Hmmm, hey bitch, figured it out yet?" snorted Johnson, turning to the side and motioning to someone. "Come, my dear. Show Jennie who helped to bring her home."
Alea walked out from the shadows, wearing a face of slight remorse. She was unable to look Jennie in the eyes, but still said, "They have my husband, Morgus. He still lives, and they said if I-"
"Ha-ha-ha-ha!" Johnson interrupted with maniacal laughter, "you actually believed that bunch of bullshit?"
Alea almost fell back, and would have if there were not two lower-caste soldiers behind to apprehend her.
"No! Siegfried said that my husband would be released if I helped bring the girl! This cannot be true!"
Ryder Johnson stood in front of the cell and appraised Jennie's injuries He pointed at the cell next to Jennie's and said, "Lock her up. Right here in this cell, so they can be girlfriends. Maybe they'll get it on and we can watch."
Alea started howling as the soldiers forcefully pushed her into the cell, not even bothering to chain her to the ground. Johnson turned to leave, but paused for a moment, saying, "You know, Lord Vladros wanted to execute you and send your head back as a gift, but I convinced him to hold off a bit. The fun has yet to start. We never did finish what we started on the ship."
Backing off, Johnson disappeared back into the darkness and out of view, but not out of smell.
Locked in her cell, with little hope at the present, Jennie just sat on the cold stone floor. She stared at a facing wall for a few minutes, only hearing the moans of the normal prisoners. Then, without even turning to Alea she said, "You bitch."

###

The entire chamber in Krynos' castle was in a state of absolute chaos, with everyone yelling over each other as more and more soldiers filtered into the room. Krynos attempted to call everyone to attention, but to no avail. Without warning, a large crackling sound thundered throughout the hall. Draagh having slammed his staff to the ground. Everyone fell silent, and Draagh motioned for Krynos to address the attending lycans.
"It appears that we have been betrayed, and that Jennie Escalante has been abducted." Looking at Draagh, Krynos asked, "My friend, is there anything that you can do to help determine her location?"
Draagh looked out at the ever-growing crowd of lycan soldiers, and then at Max, saying, "Oh, I already know where she is, my son. Vladros has her in his dungeon."
Max looked at his grandfather, horrified. "Vladros? The vampire leader? How do you know?"
Draagh solemnly nodded and continued, "Max, my boy. Those clothes you wear, did I not conjure them for this evening's festivities?"
Max looked down at his white military uniform and nodded his head, still maintaining a look of extreme concern on his face.
"As I made them, they have a very particular connection to me. In fact, I detected her change of location not long after she was taken, though there was little I could do at the time. It was a devious 3D slip out of the castle. In fact, I was going to change my clothing and look into this situation, but you had responded so quickly that I came here with everyone else."
Max looked at his ancient grandfather and pleaded, "Then what can we do?"
"Why, we rescue her, of course!"
He went on to explained to Max, and to the uncharacteristically quiet lycans, that Vladros' castle had an ancient protective cantus that prevented anyone from entering via magic.
"We will have to enter like we would into any other building in lesser situations," said the ancient mage.
Max's eyes shifted right and left, as he tried to figure out what Draagh meant, when Donus boomed, "We shall dig a tunnel! Lycans specialize in tunnels!" 
"A… tunnel?" stammered Max, who was starting to become even more confused. "We dig? How long will this take?"
Donus replied, "Not long at all. We shall make preparations right away," to which Draagh added, "Max, my dear boy, please do not worry. Though I am unable to breach the castle's defenses with a 3D slip, once inside we can quickly locate Jennie and slip out. The protection is not a two-way defense."
"But what if they kill her? Oh my God, what are they going to do?" Max cried out in anguish.
Draagh rested a hand on the young man's quivering shoulder and said, "Calm yourself, my boy. She yet lives. I am able to see her, and although she has been roughed up a bit, I can do some things to help keep her from being further damaged."
Draagh then looked out over the crowd, and his eyes met with Krynos'.
"There is something you all should all know. We have suffered at the hands of a traitor. Two, in fact."
"Who might they be?" demanded the king, while everyone started to look at each other with suspicious glares and growls.
"Oh, they are not here. Not anymore. Your resident minor-mage, Siegfried and the skills trainer Alea are both in Vladros' castle, but it appears that things did not turn out so well for the woman, as she now resides in a cell next to Jennie."
"She told me there was a traitor in the castle!" exclaimed Max, who continued, "I should have listened to her! But wait, she was the traitor? Oh damn."
Draagh waved his hand out and said, "Oh, my boy. That was just a ploy of hers to get into your bed. At that time she was unaware of any such nefarious activities. However, I never much cared for the skulking, sneaky Siegfried, and I had mentioned it to Lord Krynos on various occasions in the past."
"Well, he was inexpensive," said Krynos, wearing a regretful, almost guilty look on his face. He then recouped and called out with great authority, "Prepare thyselves, great warriors of the Rhönen! We go to rescue our sister!"
With that order everyone cleared the room as fast as lightning, except Max, who stood there, helplessly looking at his grandfather.  
"Draagh, we will rescue her, won't we?" he almost begged.
"Yes, my son. She shall be retrieved safely. Now go get ready for battle."
Max spun around to leave the room and was gone in an instant. As he raced to his quarters all he could see in his mind was Jennie. All he wanted to do was to keep her safe, even if she would have nothing to do with him as a man. His heart pounded, drowning out all other sounds, as he fought to keep from vomiting. He was twisted inside-out from anguish, and had even puked a bit in his mouth while around the Dominion soldiers, but turned his head so no one would see.
He burst into his room and went straight to the bathroom, ejecting the contents of his stomach into the latrine. Amazed he had held on for so long, he choked out the remaining mead and bile, gagging… and then quietly sobbed. It was his moment to release, to let it all out and get his head together. He didn't understand why he cared so much for the woman. It was more than her outward appearance. And even though she was arrogant, proud and had the table manners of a troll, she was honest. He knew she would always tell him the truth, and he valued sad truths more than happy lies. She made him feel safe, and now he wanted to save her.

Why didn't I insist on getting her to her room? I'm such a dumbass.

Max threw on his gear and even brought along special, ultra-sharp throwing knives he had made in the castle foundry. Ohiro helped him to fold tamagahane steel in the ancient Japanese tradition, so his small blades were not only sharp, they were also incredibly strong. He had made another set for Jennie, to give to her on her birthday, whenever that was. He didn't know her birthdate, or even her middle name, if she even had one.

I should have asked more questions. I should have paid more attention.

Dressed down completely, Max went for the door, but then paused for a moment. He kneeled to the ground and lowered his head. He wasn't a religious man, but after having learned the true nature of the universe he thought it wouldn't hurt to say a little prayer.

###

After 20 minutes of preparation, a Rhönen Special Forces recon team had been assembled of the warriors most skilled at fighting in enclosed spaces. This meant that many of the largest warriors were not to go. Vladros' castle ceilings were lower than that of a lycan castle - vampires being shorter in stature than their mortal enemies. Max stood at the forefront with Donus, who, although rather large, was to lead the effort. Wearing a lighter version of his battle armor, protection that would allow him to sneak about while making much less noise, Max was well-prepared, with his katana strapped to his back and his energy reserves replenished via a quick nutrition shake. Draagh approached him and held out his hand, presenting the young man with Jennie's katana.
"Here, my boy. She will want this. I made a few minor improvements to it while it was in my possession."
Max took the weapon and examined it, not initially seeing anything different. Then, a look of profound understanding grew on his previously preoccupied face as he spun around, pointing it at an old table in an empty part of the room.
"Undaincantatio ad mortem!" he cried out, causing everyone in attendance to gasp in awe. Max's scream carried through every corridor in the castle, so powerful was his voice. It conveyed pain, anguish and despair. But more than anything, it carried a definite undertone of resolve.
The room became dead quiet, as every soldier in attendance looked to the corner where the table once stood. Max had reduced it to nothingness, not even ashes, after focusing a thermonuclear cantus through the tip of Jennie's blade. Draagh had basically rebuilt the katana as a magical object for Jennie, and Max was really, really pissed off and planned to use it - on Vladros.

###

The recon team rode out of the castle on horses after Draagh had slipped up ahead, making sure that no one was spying on their activities. They assumed that Vladros would not expect such a quick reaction, if even one at all, as he wasn't aware of the love and respect the girl had garnered in her short time in the Rhönen. His only information on her came from Ryder Johnson, who wanted to rape and hurt her for having been the cause of his being stuck in the strange world - and also because he was the personification of evil cowardice.
After some hours, the lycans stopped in a wooded area to replenish water and let their steeds rest out of the rays of the sun.
"We shall go another hour, and then leave the horses in the transition area, from where we must continue on foot," commanded Donus, whose horse was an offshoot of a Clydesdale, yet much more massive than those of the past.
After reaching the transition point, they tied of their horses and proceeded on foot, coming to the boundary of Vladros' castle land. As there was still daylight, the lycans would have an advantage in approaching the castle. And although there were vampires that could tolerate moderate sunlight, their vision was severely limited by the strong and deadly UV rays.
Max stood by with Draagh and watched as a single lycans soldier, named Kornus, morphed to his battle form and started to dig quite rapidly with his enhanced claws. Dirt flew out as four other soldiers moved the loose earth back and out of the way. Another lycan jumped down into the newly made tunnel entrance and started widening it, following Kornus. In a matter of mere minutes the two had disappeared into the earth.
Crouched down and ready to go, the team was finally given the Ok to enter into the tunnel, which was high and wide enough to walk through with ease. Max had no idea that lycans were such incredible tunnelers, but was glad to know of the skill. He planned to practice tunneling once they had safely retrieved Jennie from the clutches of the putrid half-dead.

###

Inside the castle dungeon, Jennie sat in her cell, glaring at Alea, as she had been doing for the past few hours. Not knowing what would happen next, she threw a small rock through the bars at the woman who sat a mere three meters away.
"Hey, idiot. Happy now that you're getting us both killed?" she asked, with a definite tone of hostility.
Alea looked over and had tear stains all over her face, being unable to cope with the fact that she had ruined not only her own life, but also that of an innocent.
Before Jennie could say anything else, a voice softly called to her in her head.
"Jennie, hold fast, my dear girl. Do not make a sound. Just think to me and do not speak. We are here for you and shall arrive soon," said the voice.
"Draagh? Is that you? How can you do this?" she asked back in her mind.
"It is the clothing you wear. I conjured it for the party, and as an added benefit it allows me to maintain a connection to the wearer. I am so very glad that no vampire decided to disrobe you."
"Yeah, so am I," she thought back, "they weren't built for wearing a tango dress, that's for sure."
Jennie thought she detected telepathic laughter, but was unsure. She then projected back out, "What do I need to do? I don't even have a weapon."
"Max has your katana. I improved it, and you will no longer need to strap your wand to it in order to direct cantuses. It is now quite, how shall I put it - cool - if I do say so myself."
Jennie snickered mentally and continued ignoring Alea. The woman had betrayed her once, and Jennie wasn't even going to give her any indication that rescuers were on their way. In fact, she hoped that Alea would attempt to fight the lycans upon their arrival, just so she would have an excuse to kill her. She used her enhanced hearing to listen for the sound of invading forces, but only heard vampires milling about, and the light sound of some stones being moved, believing it to be slave laborers performing tasks for their disintegrating masters.
Suddenly, and without warning, she heard screaming and growling, as well as the sound of flesh being torn. Trying to pinpoint Max's or Draagh's scent, she looked over to see Alea wearing the most terrified expression she had ever seen on a person's face. It appeared that the lycan woman feared her own kind more than the vampires who had so easily betrayed her, and it brought Jennie a quieting satisfaction.
After stealthily entering into the basement area of the castle, the recon team had set out for the dungeon area, two levels below, but were detected by hellcats that immediately attacked and made the lycans' position known. Elsewhere in the castle, Vladros called on his own personal protection forces to surround him, with Johnson trying to get in the middle, only to be shoved out by the vampire king.
"You, coward, do not belong here. My son was to take his place by my side, and is dead due to your incompetence. Die like a lower-caste foot-soldier, alien slime."
Johnson gave him a glare of pure hatred, and dashed off to find a hiding place of his own. He wasn't about to go into battle with a bunch of psychotic lycans - he would pick and choose his battles as they suited him. Johnson found a chamber filled with corpses, and dove into the rotting pile of bodies in an attempt to hide his scent and avoid detection.
Max and Draagh stuck together, while Donus and the others used their new katanas to easily slice the attacking vampires and hellcats to ribbons.
"Oh-Ho! I do love this fine blade!" Donus cried out, "I shall name it… I shall name it kalte tod - cold death, in the language of my forefathers."
With that, he merrily bifurcated a hellcat that had been running inverted on the low ceiling, causing its two separated halves to fall to opposing sides of the walkway. Max, who had regrouped with the lycan commander, looked at the newly halved creature on the ground, which was somehow still moving. He then gave Donus an inquisitive look, raising a brow.
"No, my good man, they are not for consumption. They are - how would dear Jennie put it? Oh yes, they taste like ass."
Max grinned at Donus' comment, figuring that was pretty much how she would say it, and opened his mouth to respond, but was interrupted by Draagh, who urgently called out to them both.
"Come, she is this way." The mage bolted down a left corridor, surprisingly fast for someone who had been alive for eons.
Arriving in the dungeon area, Max, Draagh and Donus ran to her cell, only to hear the girl cheerfully say, "Hey fellas. What took ya so long?"
Max looked at her with a combination of anger and grief, as it was obvious she had suffered some abuse at the hands of whoever had abducted her. Her once-beautiful white dress was torn to shreds, and there was clotted blood matting her face and hair. Before Max could even reach to open the cell door, Draagh waved his hand, causing the door to open - Jennie's opened, but Alea's did not.
"Max, take Jennie and get out of here. A simple 3D slip to the entrance of Krynos' gate should suffice. I have other things in which to attend."
"Oh no you don't!" howled Jennie, standing and moving out of the cell, her shackles falling to the ground with loud clunking sounds, having been magically released by the ancient mage. "I'm gonna find Johnson and make his head into a trophy. Gunnarsson, give me my sword. It's my turn for some decapitation fun."
"How did you know I have it?" started Max, as Jennie shot back, "Oh, a little birdie told me - and Draagh, can you do something about these rags?"
The old mage waved his hand, his cantus causing them to reform in an impressive, white leather battle outfit (and matching boots), albeit with some of the bloodstains she had earlier acquired. An amazed Max stared at Jennie, who looked magnificent in white, her dark skin contrasting strikingly with the supple leather. This all despite the fact that she still had blood matting her hair. Pulling his gaze away from the beautiful dega, he gave his attention to his grandfather.
"Pops, do you have a bead on Johnson's location?" asked Max, as the mage looked around, with the battle still going on in the upper levels of the castle.
"No, my boy, and if you cannot detect his scent that means he has either fled, done quite a splendid job of hiding himself, or has been killed and eaten. We should hope for the latter, but I digress. I should like very much to find Siegfried, as he is the one who betrayed us all."
Then looking at Alea he said plainly, "My dear, you have created quite a mess, and I am afraid that it is not myself to whom you must answer."
Alea continued looking at the dungeon floor. She was so panicked over being told that her husband was alive that she didn't stop to think it could have been a trap or a lie. She chose evil, and one who chooses evil never wins in the end.
"Leave her there," commanded Draagh, "I shall retrieve her upon my return."
The four searched all over the castle, but could find neither Siegfried, nor Vladros. They had both fled, as evil is generally masked cowardice. Many of the lycans returned to the outside perimeter of the castle via their hastily made tunnel, but Max made sure that Jennie was out first and then had a good time 3D slipping four of them, running back through the tunnel after each slip to get another. As he had done this without the use of Draagh's staff, his timeout meter was depleted and slowly creeping back up, keeping him from using any more magic for at least a minute.
Maintaining defensive positions, as the sun had already set, they waited until the team had completely arrived, along with Alea as their prisoner. There were no losses, although one lycan soldier had suffered a hellcat bite that, unfortunately, was painfully poisonous.
"I didn't even get to use my sword," complained Jennie, with Max giving her a look of complete disbelief.
"Jennie, you were kidnapped and beaten. Can't we just go home?"

"Home," she said softly, "I like the sound of that."

Chapter 22 - Banishment

The castle's great hall was filled with all the lycans from the Rhönen Dominion, every single one standing at attention, as Krynos, king of all he surveyed, addressed the crowd. Directly in front of him was Alea, the traitorous woman who assisted in Jennie's kidnapping.
The lycan leader gave her gaze of detest, and then looked out at the crowd, saying, "Brothers and sisters, as we are a nation of laws and nobility, we must always adhere to the written rules upon which we live our daily lives. We have suffered at the hands of betrayal, and with great sadness we turn our backs on Alea, who was a valued member of our family. In most cases, these circumstances would result in the instant execution of the bearer of ill-will. But as Alea did serve the Dominion well for many years, and also due to the fact that she was betrayed by her cohorts, believing that her husband, the greatly-missed Morgus, was alive and held captive by Vladros, I have determined a modified punishment for our former sister. Alea, you are herewith banished from the Rhönen Dominion for the rest of your natural life, to wander the wilderness and perhaps come to grips with the crimes of which you are convicted. This is the will of your former king."
Krynos looked at the honor guard that surrounded Alea and nodded for them to escort the woman out of the castle. As she turned to leave, she gave Draagh a look of anguish, knowing that she had indeed ruined what was a good life, and had almost destroyed the life of another. Draagh glanced at her and then looked away. He had many lovers during his long life, and it was not the first time he had been betrayed by the fairer sex.
Max and Jennie stood in the crowd and quietly watched the procession lead the woman out, with Jennie giving her a glare of contempt.
"You never liked her, did you?" asked Max.
Jennie looked at him and plainly stated, "No, I always thought she was a bitch."
Max hid a grin, turning away slightly, glad that Jennie was safe, but pleased that she appeared to have admitted a bit of jealousy.
As all departed the great hall, Draagh approached Max and Jennie, saying, "My children, today is indeed a sad day, and we must never take delight in the downfall of a brother or sister."
"Stuff it, Gramps. She was a bitch," Jennie growled, before storming off to her chambers.
Max looked at his grandfather and asked, "What the hell? She really thought she would get her husband back?"
Draagh gave his grandson a pensive gaze, and then said, "Yes, my son. We all pine for the love of our life, and are susceptible to weaknesses of the heart."
Max looked out to where Jennie had departed.

Yeah, don't I know it…

###

There was no great celebration that night, as many in the castle had loved Alea, and her betrayal left an atmosphere of pain, loss and regret. Draagh, Jennie and Max sat at their usual table, quietly eating their evening meal, when Draagh spoke to them, having recovered from his former lover's deception.
"So my children. Tomorrow we shall enter into the final phase of your initial training. Within the week you shall both experience your first phase 3, or death form transformation, which I heard is quite…enlightening."
The two students gave him curious expressions as he continued, "Jennie, now that you have a new toy with which to play, I expect that you shall be practicing with the utmost intensity in order to master your skills."
Jennie nodded as she messily chewed on a hunk of meat. Then, looking at Max, Draagh said, "And you, my boy, shall learn things of which even the highest of earthly mages never have knowledge. I suggest we all get a good night's rest, so that we may continue in the morning."

###

Outside the borders of the Rhönen Dominion, and further to the north of Vladros' now-destroyed castle, the fugitive vampire king approached a dilapidated structure, which was also a castle at one time. He boldly entered the property with his remaining security team; Siegfried and Ryder Johnson following close behind. There to greet them at the broken gate was Korlis, a minor vampire leader, who looked upon his liege while wearing a crooked sneer that betrayed his status.
"Ah, it seems that you come with your proverbial tail tucked between your legs. Bit off a bit more than you were able to chew, my king? Also, may I ask why the majority of your forces are camped out in the tunnels on my land?"
Vladros look at his subordinate and hissed, "Take care with your tone, Korlis, and I shall allow you yet more land on which to hunt, for I have a plan that shall rid us of the lycan menace once and for all."
"Which plan might that be?" inquired the smaller, yet equally hideous-looking vampire.
"We assemble the nation and attack the Rhönen on the full moon," responded Vladros, who broke out into a great, sinister laugh, his ugly visage accentuated by the waxing moon that lit the night sky.

###

The following morning Max awoke excited, and after changing into his training clothes bounded down to eat his breakfast, fully expecting to find Draagh and Jennie waiting for him. Looking around the mess hall, he saw no sight of his friends, so he grabbed his morning meal and dutifully ate away, replenishing his reserves in preparation for a day of training. He tried to imagine what he was going to learn, as Draagh had given a vague reference to special things.
Max finished his food and jumped up from the table. He decided to go by the training pitch to see if Jennie was using her new, enhanced katana to blast things to atoms. Thinking back on everything that had happened since he had left his home planet, he had no regrets. He had made new friends, met the grandfather he never knew even existed, and was developing a good, albeit complex, relationship with a beautiful and noble woman - a woman who could hold her own in virtually any situation, although she could use some lessons in table etiquette.
As he entered the pitch area he was surprised that Jennie wasn't jumping over obstacles and dealing mass destruction on everything in her path. Rather, she was seated on the grass with a small girl as the two chatted away. It seemed she was enjoying her conversation with the cute young lycan, who appeared to be about 10 years of age, and looked as if she could have been Jennie's relative, albeit younger and with lighter skin.
He walked up to the two, where he greeted his counterpart with a typical, "Good morning, Jennie."
"Hey Gunnarsson. This is Liliana. Isn't she precious?"
The little girl appeared to blush and rose to her feet, curtseying in polite fashion.
"Master Gunnarsson, it is a pleasure to meet you. Jennie was telling me of your adventures. They sound so… cool."
Max's eyes grew a bit in surprise, having heard the young girl use a term that was not part of the common vernacular of that world.
"Liliana, it's nice to meet you too. I haven't ever seen you before. Are your parents close by?"
The child's face turned to perplexed sadness, as Jennie whispered, "Hey, she's an orphan, like I was."
Max got an awkward look on his face, but recouped by saying, "Well then Liliana, you have a great family here, and we are proud to be part of it, so please call me Max." This caused the girl's eyes to light up a bit. "So what are you two lovely ladies up to?"
Jennie reached over and ruffled the girl's hair a bit, saying, "Oh, just girl-talk. Liliana said she's going to watch me train and then join me for lunch."
Max looked at both the girls while saying, "Well, that sounds pretty neat to me! I gotta go. I'm sure Draagh is waiting for me in the training hall. See ya!"
He had barely finished his last syllable when he disappeared via a 3D slip to the training hall, leaving the two girls alone. Liliana stared off into space with an astounded expression on her little face.
"He is so cool!" she cooed.
"Yeah, I guess he is," said Jennie, agreeing with her little friend, and feeling a bit of a tickling sensation in her tummy as she said it.

###

Draagh was seated at his table, various books and manuscripts laid about, when Max appeared next to him, preceded by a small popping sound.
"Ah, my son, it seems you are mastering local slips quite well, quite well indeed, but do they still have an effect on your timeout meter?"
Max concentrated for a moment, squinting his left eye as if he was straining to see something. "The meter does deplete when I use a few in rapid succession, but this one barely moved the dial."
"Excellent! As you learn further, your skills shall improve and you will find that you are able to avail yourself more of these energies with less downtime."
"Sounds good to me," stated Max, and continuing, said, "So last night you mentioned something about knowledge that earthly mages don't possess. I'm ready!"
Draagh had a pleasant look on his face, the light from the flickering candles causing his great, blue eyes to sparkle.
"My boy, there is so much more to the science of the universe than you know, and although you will learn much today, I can dare say that one could spend many lifetimes mastering it all. So, that being said - let us begin!"
He pulled out a manuscript and showed it to Max, explaining that not only could a high-level mage navigate worlds and time via The Hub, but he could also enter into parallel versions of worlds, of which there were infinite numbers. This was beneficial (i.e. a deceased person's DNA was required, and a living doppelganger still lived on an alternate plane), but also dangerous, as there were many parallel worlds where magic didn't exist at all, being completely devoid of magic particles, or nanobots, as Max called them. Further, there were worlds where magic did indeed exist, but only partially. In these worlds - those with only partially-functioning nanobots, and those without any at all, a mage was required to have his staff, which carried with it sufficient numbers of bots in which to perform cantuses, and even escape the worlds, getting back to The Hub.
Once done with the majority of his explanation, which included how one could not simply travel back in time and change something, creating a paradox, he took Max to a small number of those so-called parallel worlds. One was an Earth where man had concentrated less on the tools of war, and more on the development of electronic communications. In that particular world, global governments had managed to implement a pure democracy, where the will of the majority reigned supreme.
As he gazed out at a landscape of death and utter desolation, Max wore an expression of confusion and utter astonishment.
"If a pure democracy was created here, why is the planet so trashed?"
"My boy, a pure democracy lets those of the greatest numbers rule over all, with the wishes of the monitory never being taken into consideration. As there were numerous poor and uneducated, they voted to give themselves riches, without ever having to earn them. The end result was this society's crumbling to dust."
Max looked around in all directions, seeing nothing but decaying structures, with the random person climbing over piles of rubble.
"Why wouldn't they vote for what was right for their world? It's hard to believe."
Draagh sighed and placed his hand on his grandson's shoulder, saying, "My boy, there was a wise individual in Earth's past, his name long-forgotten, who once said Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for dinner."
Max winced at the notion of wolves being the antagonists, but Draagh cut him off before the young man could say a word.
"My boy, the person whom I am quoting did not carry the recessive lycan gene, thus his irrational choice of animals in which to make his analogy. I believe a more accurate selection of creatures would have been two hyenas and a kitten. Anyway, although he was a normal, he was quite a brilliant one. Yes, quite brilliant indeed. As we are on that subject, did you realize that most of the founding fathers of the former United States of America carried the recessive lycan gene? Yes, it is true. Oh, and Benjamin Franklin actually became quite an accomplished minor-mage - once he was taken to a place where he was able to craft his skills, while on sabbatical of course."
Max started laughing, knowing well the history of Earth's past, but of course never having learned that particular factoid in school.

Ben Franklin traveled to a world where he learned magic… sounds about right.

They slipped to a couple more parallel worlds - one where dolphins, and not man, had evolved as the dominant species, and another where quadrinium had never been discovered, nor had the Vrol ever attacked, resulting in a still-existing, but unstable society that teetered on the brink of annihilation - and had no Exodus to Azul. They then returned to their training hall and delved further into Max's lessons.

###

Out in the training grounds, Jennie sailed over obstacles and avoiding moving targets, decimating each one with her katana, while taking care not to deplete her resources by using a methodical combination of skills and magic. Liliana sat on the grass off to the side and watched, clapping her hands with delight, as her new friend impressed everyone (mostly males) in attendance. Although the majority of lycans who fancied the beautiful young warrior resigned themselves to the rank of mere spectator, there still remained those who had the courage to approach her and ask for her hand. Of course, they were immediately shot down, much to the laughter of their fellow soldiers - and Liliana, who privately thought that Jennie should be with Max. Lycan children tended to be quite opinionated, and often possessed a wisdom that surpassed their few years of life.
As lunch hour approached, Jennie took a towel and wiped her face and arms in an attempt to remove some of the disagreeable scent that had built up during her intense training. Taking Liliana's hand, she walked with the young girl to the mess hall, where they found both Max and Draagh seated.
"Ah, Jennie! I see you have brought a friend!" exclaimed Draagh. "And who might this lovely little lady be?" he asked with a great smile, looking at a beaming Liliana.
Curtseying as she had done when she first met Max, she responded, "I am Liliana, kind sir. Are you not the great mage, Lord Draagh?"
"Why yes I am, although I have been known by many other names, such as…"
Draagh started gurgling and clicking something in an odd, alien-sounding language that only he understood. It was so comical that all four burst out in laughter, with bright-eyed Liliana giggling uncontrollably and bouncing in her seat.
As they sat at the table, eating their meal, Max noticed that Jennie was actually using a fork and a knife, making a clumsy attempt at proper table manners.
For the little girl, he thought to himself, when he was startled by a voice in his head that responded, "Yes, my son, those are her innate maternal instincts coming into play. She will make a fine mother one day."
Max was shocked at hearing Draagh's voice in his head, but thought back to him, "You can hear me and I can hear you? Whaaat? What else do you know?"
"Fear not my young one, as you are my grandson we share a genetic connection, but I will not pry, as your mind is quite active, and I can only do so with your permission. As you remember, magical objects can also facilitate the same connection, and that is how I located Jennie in Vladros' castle. However, without the aid of an object, our connection is only available in a small radius - within the castle walls. We will need for you to study a blocking technique, as there are some who command devastating mental powers from which it will be necessary to defend yourself when in enclosed spaces."
Max sighed in relief, and then tried to push the fact out of his mind that their sleeping quarters were so close together. He also made a mental note to not think about Jennie so much at nights - and most certainly not imagine the two of them together, which he would do when his mind drifted off to lazy sleep.
The four finished their meals and were preparing to depart, when Draagh asked Liliana, "So my dear, are you off to your studies, or are you going to watch Jennie create more work for the men and women who build the targets and obstacles for training?"
"Neither, my Lord. We must prepare for the coming moon."
Jennie's expression lit up as she quickly asked, "Liliana, are we going to change with you? We could be in facing cells and watch each other and howl at the moon!"
The beautiful dega leaned her head back and let out a mock howl, expecting laughter from the little girl, but instead was greeted by a puzzled look on the girl's face.
"No Jennie. I do not change."
"You don't?" asked Jennie.
"We do not change until we come of age. Did you not know that?" she giggled.
"Come of age?" Jennie inquired, looking puzzled.
Max put a hand up, attempting to block Liliana's view, and with his other hand formed a circle with his thumb and forefinger, and made up and down jerking motions.
Jennie continued to look a bit confused, while Draagh almost snorted his afternoon tea out through his nose. Even Liliana apparently got the joke, though Max quit right away, finding it a bit disturbing that a little girl would understand such things. He tried to assuage his guilt by imagining that perhaps she just thought Jennie's confused look was silly.
They all got up to leave, with the little girl bowing to the other three, and thanking them, especially Jennie, for being so kind to her. She then jumped over to Max, and motioning for him to bend forward, whispered into his ear.
"I accidentally saw a boy do it once. He had a look of pain upon his face, and it was quite disturbing. I do not look forward to coming of age."
This caused Max to get another of his typical awkward expressions on his face. Smiling, she ran over and gave Jennie an affectionate hug around the waist, and then skipped off to help in preparations for the full moon. After Liliana had disappeared from sight the three adults walked out of the mess hall, with Max trailing slightly behind.
Draagh and Jennie appeared to be discussing something quietly, when she turned and blurted out, "Max! Oh God! That's terrible!" She then rushed off to continue with her training without even looking back.
Max stood in place, stunned, with a look of disbelief on his face. "She… she called me… Max," he stammered.
Draagh smiled and patted his grandson on the back as they continued on to the training hall, where they spent the rest of the afternoon going through all that Max had learned in the prior week, with the young lycan mage performing cantuses while utilizing his katana, all in an attempt to find proper balance on his HUD.
After finishing for the day, Max went back to his quarters to get cleaned up for dinner, hearing giggling coming from Jennie's room when he got to his door. He walked down the hallway, creeping up slowly, trying to avoid detection as he listened to Jennie and Liliana, who were apparently playing with woman's power gauntlet. He surmised that that young girl had somehow gotten out of her chores so she could spend more time with her new friend. As Max stood by the door, he heard what sounded like an electrical shock and a cat shrieking, causing the two girls inside to burst out in laughter. He was about to walk away, when the door suddenly opened, with Liliana standing there - hands on her hips, and an expression on her face that seemed to say oh boy - you are in So much trouble.
"This is a girls-only club, so says Jennie!"
The little girl playfully stuck her tongue out at Max and slammed the door shut, the room yet again echoing with the sounds of giggles and electrical shocks.

Damn, that kinda sounds like fun, he thought as he walked to his room.
Chapter 23 - Wolftime!

Donus joined Draagh, Max and Jennie for dinner, as he was to assist in preparing the two youths for their first phase 3 transformations.
"It is a bit painful, but nothing of an overwhelming sort," said the lycan commander, "so be not worried, the majority of us shall be locked away, as most lose their ability to reason, and we do not desire to do Vladros' work and deplete our own numbers."
Jennie looked at him with a gaze of curiosity and asked, "Deplete our numbers? Do we attack our own?"
Donus gave her a sullen look. "Yes, dear girl. Only a few can maintain their identities in such a state. It is they who guard the castle when the moon is full, along with a number of normals from the nearby village that you had the good fortune to visit with my recon team. I happen to be one of those who maintain sapience, so I will check on your well-being throughout the night."
Max, who had been quietly eating his dinner, looked up and asked, "Where are the cells we'll be located in during the change?"
Draagh offered an explanation, saying that the holding cells for adults were two floors beneath the dungeon, while the children would be locked in cubbyholes up above - the outsides of the doors coated with palladium and/or platinum, metals painful to the touch for both vampires and lycans while in battle and death forms. Lycans could tolerate touching those metals in day form, albeit with a mild stinging sensation.
He had previously taught Max and Jennie that anything from the platinum family of metals, which consisted of ruthenium, rhodium, palladium, osmium, iridium, and platinum, could cause pain, with rhodium being the worst - but fortunately, the rarest of the group. Max was well aware of the structures of these metals, having a master's degree in molecular biology, where part of his studies included metallurgy.
The old mage further explained that children were required to stay in these small rooms for the entire night. The last thing anyone wanted was for a poor, unfortunate child to be roaming the hallway and suddenly encounter a loose, non-sapient phase 3, as it would result in the child's instantaneous death.
Part of the preparations for the full moon included expanded hunting parties, which brought back massive amounts of prey so that each cell had near half an animal. They had found throughout the years that a werewolf is much better contained with a food source than without one.
Both Max and Jennie accompanied these hunting teams, the chance to leave the castle being a welcome one, and also enabling them to practice their already impressive skills. Children were busy collecting their belongings and decorating their quarters, which was a ritual that had gone on for decades. Most pups looked forward to the day of their first change, and on this particular cycle there were three local youths who were to experience it first hand - one being the teenager Max barged in on when he was slipping about the castle.
Donus called a meeting with his night guards, as he called them, and the five who were to experience going phase 3 for the first time. Max recognized the young man whom he had so ungraciously surprised, and once he caught the lad's attention, made the same circle with his thumb and forefinger, followed by up and down jerking motions while silently laughing, taunting the boy. Jennie saw what he was doing and punched him in the arm, causing him to wince in pain.
"You idiot. Don't! The poor kid's already been traumatized enough by you."
Grinning, Max turned to his lovely friend and said, "Aw Jen, we all go through it sooner or later," causing her to grimace.
"Ew, gross!"
Donus went over the various details of their up-coming transformations and housing for the night. Of course, he left out the grizzly specifics of exactly what would happen; he didn't want to alarm his audience or cause anyone to flee. They would have plenty of time to be mortified once they had completed their transformation cycle and returned to day form.
Lycans took their full moon transformations seriously, and although they maintained every precaution to protect their numbers, they did not denigrate their special phase 3 forms in any way. It was considered strong and noble, and all lycans studied very hard to maintain sapience during that one night every lunar cycle.

The day of the full moon soon arrived, with everyone scrambling around making last-minute changes, such as cell and meat assignments. It appeared that there were a number of lycans who would not do well caged next to each other, so an attempt was made to separate them as much as possible.
Max and Jennie were housed in cells next to each other. Jennie didn't mind this, but she begged Draagh to provide her with a vid of her transformation the following day, which he said he would most certainly not do, much to the woman's chagrin. The girl had a most disconcerting sense of humor, with a taste for wanton violence mixed in for good measure.
When everything was ready, and about two hours before sundown, everyone prepared to go to their assigned quarters. Donus' night guards took their positions in turrets high above and overlooking the castle. They had impressive-looking battle armor that would transform and fit their phase 3 bodies - a gift from Draagh many years past. In fact, the Rhönen Dominion was the only clan in the world that possessed such armor. Many others had petitioned that Draagh make it for their clans, but he always turned down such requests for reasons known only to him.
Jennie searched around and found Liliana before the little girl was to be locked away in a cubbyhole of safety, giving her an affectionate hug.
"You stay safe, ok?" said Jennie. "I want you to join me for breakfast in the morning and tell me how it sounded."
Liliana snickered lightly and nodded her little head, her dark hair having been put into pigtails by her older friend earlier that day. Jennie then handed her a small box, rectangular in shape, saying it was for her to play with while waiting out the night, and Liliana's eyes lit up like stars in the sky. It wasn't often that someone handed her something that looked like a gift, even though it wasn't originally intended to be one. It really didn't matter to her anyway - Jennie was entrusting her with something, and for that she was grateful.
Needing to prepare for the full moon, Jennie left her little friend and headed back down to the lower level, where she met up with Max and Draagh.
"Pops, where will you be when this all happens?" asked Max, noting that Jennie had just entered the vast chamber of individual cells, all lined up on either side, with a two meter-high wall running down the middle of the room, blocking the view from the cells across the way.
"Oh, I believe I shall be up above, enjoying the beautiful moon, and perhaps enjoying a bit of my pipe. You see, Krynos does not care much for the wonderfully aromatic scent of my herb, so I have refrained from partaking in its pleasures as of late."
Jennie rolled her eyes as Max chuckled a bit. He had come to accept that his grandfather loved the pipe, even though it affected the old mage more than he would willingly admit.
Jennie and Max then entered into their cells, and Draagh shut and locked each of the doors as the two sat down on floor mats provided for their minimalistic comfort. He bid them farewell and departed for the upper levels, his herb satchel already in hand.
Not being able to see one another, but able to talk, they disrobed completely, and hung their garments on hooks on the walls of their cells. They weren't provided with the special armor that Draagh had created for the night guard, but they did want something to put on once they had transformed back to their normal, lycan selves. There was nothing to do except wait until the morning, stuck in their respective cells, so they began chatting about various things, more small talk than anything else, while lying down and looking at the giant slabs of meat hanging in each of their enclosures. Jennie looked at her own personal meat smorgasbord, eyeing it while licking her full, sensuous lips.
"I'm kinda hungry. Maybe I'll take a bite already."
"It should taste fairly good. I caught a servant trying to hang some already-rotting meat in our cells and gave him the riot act," responded Max.
They both stared at their gently swaying, raw meals as they pondered what the night would bring. A short while later, they both heard growling and groaning sounds coming from down the corridor. Apparently, not all lycans were created equal, and some changed earlier than others.  
Donus unexpectedly appeared at their location, showing a look of surprise at seeing them sitting without yet having transformed. Startled by his unannounced arrival, Jennie instantly jumped back and covered herself with her shirt hanging on the wall.
"Ah, a handsome woman indeed you are, young Jennie. You shall make a certain lycan quite happy when you have chosen your mate!"
"Oh my God, don't look!" the girl cried out, as they both heard Max complaining in his cell.
"Hey! Not fair! Bastards!"
"Shut up, Gunnarsson! You're such a perv!"
Donus laughed at Max's unfortunate lack of scenery as well as Jennie's antagonistic response, and continued, saying, "Young Max - you are certainly being denied a view of one of the great wonders of the world. Magnificent! Anyway, my friends! You look quite well! It pleases me to see that the change has not yet set upon your countenances."
Jennie gave Donus a slightly embarrassed look, and kicking on the wall of her cell that was shared with Max she said, "Why should that be weird? I hear stuff, but what's the difference?"
"My sister, those who are of weaker constitution tend to suffer their transformation sooner than those of great strength, but then again, I should have expected as much. You are both strong, indeed."
Max sat up and did a little drum roll on their shared wall, and in an announcer-like voice, said, "Ladies and gentlemen, we proudly announce the coming of… yarrrrrrrrrgghhhh!"
Max had started to shift to phase 3, and it wasn't pleasant. Jennie listened in concerned horror as he screamed out in agony.
"Hold fast, dear brother! It shall soon pass and you will see all in a different light," exclaimed Donus, while Jennie got a terrified look on her face. Donus retained a slight smile and glowing, wide eyes as he watched Max transform.
"U-oh, here it comes," she groaned, feeling her body change from the inside out.

###

A phase 3 lycan transformation was never a pretty sight. In fact, it was known to have caused witnessing normals to enter into a permanent state of catatonic shock. The change started internally, with the organs shifting to accommodate the elongation of bones and muscles, which in itself felt like the worst cramps and diarrhea one could ever experience (and sometimes with equivalent results spraying out all over the place). The individual then dropped to the ground on all fours as their arms and legs bulged due to the violent muscular growth. Mutatebots (building/mutation particles) worked in uncountable quantities, building new tissues (and causing agonizing pain), while the salubots (health particles) performed their duties by flushing away dead and unused portions of the body through orifices, resembling the effects of the deadly ebola virus. Human skin shredded and sloughed off, with blood spurting out of ripped-open wounds caused by the sudden, unexpected expansion of muscular tissues and body configuration changes. The tibia and fibula leg bones would self-break and reform with a backwards knee, known as a stifle. Claws violently burst out of the fingers and toes, with the hands and feet becoming dexterous paws with semi-formed digits. Near the end of the brain-melting sequence, the body elongated and the muzzle pushed out of the face. The worst part of this was that the lupine-style teeth replaced the former lycan/human teeth, with the old ones popping out and falling to the ground, followed by ample amounts of blood and pus. Finally, fur grew over the body and face, and the ears extended. It was almost as if a werewolf had grown inside and then burst out of the former body like a balloon.
Needless to say, it hurt - immensely, and once finished, after about one minute, a very large werewolf was standing in a puddle of blood, blue pus and intestinal waste, where a friendly and sapient lycan used to be.
Donus looked at the two with a rather unsettling smile, and then cleaned his battle armor and face of human skin and bodily fluids (mostly Jennie's as he had watched her intently). After making sure they had transformed with no ill effects, he left and returned up top to be with his night guard, and to direct the normal human patrols.

###

Draagh sat up in a turret at the top of the castle, puffing away at his pipe, when Krynos approached him. Quickly waving away the pungent smoke, he put his pipe into his pocket and greeted his old friend.
"Krynos, lovely night is it not? The air on this world is so pure and invigorating."
The lycan king had yet to begin his transformation, usually being the last to do so, and had arrived to greet his friend and have a bit of a chat before he would start running around the castle and peeing all over the place - marking territory that was most definitely his anyway.
"I just spoke with Donus. He says that your two young charges have experienced the change without difficulty."
"Ah, excellent!" agreed the old mage. "So then, all we must do is wait out the night, and in the morning join in the main hall for a mighty feast." 
"That would be correct, dear brother," Krynos stated. With that, he looked over at the rising moon and bounded off out of sight, knowing that he was soon to experience his own transformation. Draagh smiled, and pulling his pipe back out, lit it up and puffed away while relaxing in the light of the rising full moon.

###

The werewolves who were once, and again would be Jennie and Max, paced in their cells, unaware of their location, or even of themselves. They were now beasts of pure instinct, and these instincts led them to choose between three very different activities - to escape, to eat the meat hanging in their cells, or to mate. They smelled each other, the mutual attraction being irresistible. Maybe it was just that they had spent so much time together, or it was that they were actively denying the spark of romance while in lycan form, but something drove them to try and sniff each other at the edge of their shared wall, where the bars of their cells terminated the barrier, their noses not quite able to touch.

Unable to reach each other, the beasts howled and scratched at the thick wall that separated them.

###

Miles to the north of Krynos' castle, a massive platoon of slowly rotting, black leather-clad soldiers marched towards the Rhönen Dominion, with those of leadership positions astride dark, mutated horses with glowing red eyes. Vladros took the position of command from the center, preferring to put his lower-caste troops out front and in all sides as cannon fodder in the event that the cantus, provided by his ally and fallen Primulus, Marnn, did not function as prescribed.
For the majority of his existence Marnn was a watcher with a penchant for tinkering. He enjoyed helping to prop up those nascent species that only needed a little push to get up and going. As years turned to centuries, and centuries turned to millennia he tired of assisting those in need, and instead formulated his own views on what was right and just in the universe.
Of course, this created a conflict between he and his brothers, and he was banished from The Hub, mostly through the insistence of his brother Draagh. Bitter, he had been biding his time for countless centuries, waiting until he could catch his sibling in a situation of weakness. As Draagh had joined with his grandson Max, that moment had arrived. Marnn was certain that Draagh would willingly sacrifice anyone and anything - including himself - in order to protect the young man and thus be less able to properly engage in a battle of ancient skills.
Vampire king Vladros trotted along on his massive steed while Marnn effortlessly floated next to him. Dressed in ominous-looking black robes, and sporting a black beard and short hair, he almost appeared to be a negative image of his kind-hearted brother.
"At last, the moment of retribution has arrived, o great mage," said Vladros, who was totally without the intention of honoring any of his promises to the ancient Primulus.
Marnn was well aware of the vampire's chicanery and continued playing his own cruel game of deceit.
"Yes, it shall be good to rid the universe of my brother's plague once and for all."

Further up ahead, Ryder Johnson was limping along with the massive throngs of hideous, malformed vampires. As he had garnered no respect from Vladros, he was forced to march as a first line of defense. That suited him fine. He intended to split off from the troops once they had breached Krynos' castle perimeter, and to go find his other-wordly enemies. He no longer desired to violate the lovely Jennifer Escalante  - he wanted to kill her, while Gunnarsson watched, and then carve the scientific commander's head off with a dull blade.
What Johnson didn't know until after Gunnarsson had rescued Jennie Escalante - as he was not privy to Vladros' inner circle of information - was that the vampire king had sent the majority of his troops off to hide in caves near Korlis' dilapidated excuse for a castle, and had done so on purpose. He was playing a strategic chess match with his mortal enemy. After deciding to kidnap the lycan girl, he left a small regiment of troops in the castle - just enough to put up a fight, but also enable the eventual release of his captives. Feigning defeat and making Krynos believe that his forces were all but destroyed, he would lull the lycan leader into a false sense of security, and then attack when they were most vulnerable - during the full moon.
"So you say that the lycan mage is Draagh's grandson?" Vladros asked Marnn. "That would explain his apparent ease in defeating Ladros and his counterparts."
Marnn floated eerily next to his ally and said, "Yes, it is rare, but we occasionally procreate. The father of the boy is Taxiarch Michael, but he has been… indisposed of for near a quarter century."
"What?" burst out Vladros with no small amount of trepidation. "His father is Michael? It is bad enough for the boy's sire to be an archangel, but that lunatic? How are you to be sure that he will not show up in their defense?"
Marnn smirked and looked out at the marching fleet of death before them, saying, "He cares not for the boy, nor for his father. He only cares for himself. Plus, he has been rendered virtually powerless and stranded on another world."
Vladros looked forward with a dull gleam in his dying eyes. "Well then, that can only help us, my friend."

###

Draagh sat in his turret, watching the moon slowly rise up into the sky, as the muffled sounds of transformed werewolves came up through ventilation grates. He enjoyed the full moon while in the Rhönen Dominion, finding it to be a time where he could be at peace, with no one bothering him to magically repair a door or to make a love cantus.
He was nearly alone, with only Krynos running up and sniffing at him occasionally. Although the king retained his reason during the transformation, he did love running around and sniffing things, as there was little else to do for those few hours every lunar cycle.
The ancient Primulus decided to stand up and walk out to the pathway that connected his turret to the rest of the castle - just to make sure that none of the night guards were curled up in a ball and sleeping (as had happened on many occasions in the past).
His distrust for werewolf soldiers was probably the only thing that saved the castle, as well as the entire Rhönen Dominion.
Walking out on the pathway and heading for the western turret, he found Major Kangor at his station, gazing out intently at the flat plains and looking for any sign of disturbance.
"My good major, how are we this evening?" asked Draagh with a great deal of enthusiasm. The fully formed werewolf looked casually to his left, where Draagh had approached from the southern turret.
"Urrrrrm, good. No enemy," he growled. It was possible to speak in phase 3, albeit with substantial difficulty. Lycans had a language of growls, barks and yelps that they used to communicate with each other while in their third state, but considered it polite to speak a language understandable to all when in mixed company. Draagh could understand and speak virtually every language he had encountered during his eons of existence, but simply enjoyed listening to werewolves struggle to form words with their lupine mouths. He found it funny, but that was Draagh.
He watched the major go back to guarding his post in dutiful fashion, so he turned and walked back toward his own turret, passing it for the eastern sector where Lieutenant Conan was posted. Noting that the good lieutenant was carefully scanning the horizon, and that he was not one to engage in small talk, Draagh moved on, circling around again, this time to the northern tower, where Krynos and Donus stood watch.
The northern side was considered the most important, as that is from where danger would come. All of the vampire clans were located in the north, but the night was cold, clear, and the slight northerly breeze gave no sign of anything out of the ordinary.
Entering into the largest of the four main turrets of the castle, Draagh greeted Krynos and Donus with a nod of his head, causing friendly growls to emanate from their throats. The old mage quietly stood there, watching out to the north with his two colleagues, occasionally reaching over and scratching Krynos behind the ear, which in turn caused the transformed lycan king to kick his leg out of pleasure, much like a domesticated dog would do. The three then relaxed and looked out over the landscape.

###

On the second-to-top level of the castle, in a large chamber where the walls were lined with protective cubbyholes, lycan children were quietly passing their monthly ritual. While many children giggled and played guessing games through their walls, Liliana sat in hers, playing with Jennie's wand (which was in the rectangular box the woman had earlier given the child), making little sparkles of light. Jennie had given the wand to the girl, as her own katana had been recently converted into a super-powered sword of mass destruction. Liliana was a quick study, learning cantuses almost immediately, and Jennie thought it would be nice to give the little lycan something to look forward to in life. She had not told Liliana that the wand was hers to keep - she wanted to inform her later, but as far as Jennie was concerned, the wand belonged to the girl.
Imagining she was a great mage and fighting epic battles, she made light designs in her small space, when shadows on the back wall showed what appeared to be a separation in the wood grain. She ran her little fingers over the seam, and digging a fingernail into it found that it moved slightly. Pulling on the seam, a small panel opened, revealing a tiny passageway just big enough for her to squeeze through. As she was a child, and most children were mischievous, she crawled into the passageway and whispered a cantus.

"Undaincantatio lux"
Chapter 24 - Battle of the Blood

All of the transformed werewolves were secured in their cells, making substantial noise, with most peeing all over the inside of their containment areas. One, a female, rolled on her back in the blood and pus she had left from her change in an effort to relieve herself of an itchy back, and only making a worse mess than was already there. As the cats that lived in the castle instinctively knew to stay away from the dungeon areas during the full moon, rats roamed freely, attracted to the human waste and bile on the floors of the cells. One such rat was brave (or stupid) enough to enter into a cell, only to become a quick meal for its occupant.
Further down the long corridor, the young man, whom Max had surprised the day he was slipping around the castle, was fully transformed in his cell and furiously attempting to hump the wall. Max and Jennie had stopped scratching on their concrete barrier and sat up to the front of their respective cells, whimpering and keeping their noses as close together as possible.
Overall it was an uneventful evening, and Draagh sat back, enjoying his pipe as the moon moved through the sky. He relaxed and smelled the air, trying not to think of the task ahead of him and his two young charges. Standing up, he returned the to northern tower, wanting to make one final check on Krynos and Donus, the two never staying in one place very long. As he rounded the castle and passed the west tower he had an odd feeling, which turned to a suspicion, which then turned to alarm. He ran as fast as his ancient legs would take him (which was extremely fast), reaching the northern turret in seconds.
"Move, my friends!" he commanded, as he set his staff on the floor, instantly creating a spyglass of sorts. It was more of a semi-transparent panel, magnifying everything in its view. Looking out over the horizon he saw what no lycan, phase 3 or otherwise, would have seen - a slight distortion in the air at near ground level. The distortion was wide, possibly half a kilometer, and went back nearly the same distance. He could not smell anything, nor could his lycan counterparts, but he knew it was there.
They were going to be attacked.

###

Out on the open plains, Vladros and Marrn continued forward, one on horse and one floating in the air, as they trudged on toward Krynos' castle.
"I see our destination, my friend. Will your enhancement hide my troops if they split off and attack from all four quarters?"
The fallen Primulus looked at Vladros, never having liked it when the vampire used the term friend, and shook his head. "No, they must remain together for the cantus to function properly. Although I have many abilities, they can only be spread so thin, and in order to control so much magic I must attempt to encapsulate it with a certain area."
"Ah, so then there are limitations to your great power?" The vampire king sneered and looked away, as if he felt himself superior to the eons-old being at his side.
"We all suffer limitations. If I had none I would rule the universe. Only one is without limit, and he is the Alpha and the Omega."
"Yes, yes, I know," interrupted the rotting leader, "and it is he who we despise above all."
"Without Jah, you would not exist."
"Ah, but I do exist, and shall continue to do so for a very, very long time."
Marnn had an unsettling feeling, allying himself with such a despicable creature, but as always, the ends justified the means, and Marnn's end goal was the termination of Draagh's existence.
The invading forces neared the castle via the open northern plains, unaware that they had been seen, as Draagh hurriedly contacted all of the sapient werewolves via their magical battle armor (as well as the normals who were provided with special medallions that facilitated communications from the mage), and informed them of the approaching forces. With their numbers so few, they would be required to use some non-conventional methods of repelling the vampires (conventional methods being swords and teeth), none of which were ever shared with those with non-sapient transformations, and most certainly not with non-lycans, such as the traitorous minor-mage, Siegfried, or even the conscripted normals who had the privilege of spending one night per lunar cycle in Krynos' grand castle. However, this time all needed to be informed.
Kangor made for the defensive machinery - easily clocking in at 85 kph, and using his semi-dexterous paws he enacted the complex set of gears and weighted pullies that would lift massive wood and quadrinium machinery up and over the castle walls. Years before, Draagh had assisted them in developing this system of defense, which was created with the purpose of holding off an invading vampire army until the sun peeked over the eastern horizon, at which time all of the dungeon cell doors would have already automatically opened and released the soldiers of the Rhönen Dominion.
As Vladros' forces approached the castle walls, they noticed the massive machinery that peered over the edges, and split out to cover the four sectors of the castle, breaking Marnn's cantus at the same time. It was at this moment that Kangor enacted defense number one - a wide-spanning bath of ultra-intense UV light that instantly burned roughly two-thirds of the nearby frontal attacking forces to a crisp, annihilating the majority of Vladros' lower-caste troops. The remaining forces attempted to shoot crossbow grappling hooks up over the castle walls in order to scale them, as the fresh-water great white sharks would not sit idly by and allow them to push planks over and break the walls down.
Draagh needed to make a choice - either defend the castle, or go and personally protect Max and Jennie, who were stuck in their cells like sitting… lycans. He chose the former, as he was uncertain that his defenses would hold against the marauding ghouls. As there was only a handful of sapient lycans available along with their human helpers - humans who unfortunately did not possess near the strength of even a lower-caste vampire - he did have the option of shocking a few phase 3s and having them join the fight, but there was precious little time. He ran to Krynos, and instructed the lycan king to guard the children, being that they were the most vulnerable. In a worst-case scenario, they could trip a lever that would instantly open the dungeon cages on a sector-by-sector basis, where meat draggers would lure the savage beasts to the main level, but Krynos would need to be above to make sure that the errant phase 3 didn't make it to the cubbyholes that protected their precious young, and it could also put the normals at incredible risk.

Vladros screamed out orders from behind, not willing to personally engage in battle, as he was a coward, just like most upper-caste vampires. He looked around to see smoking corpses where the majority of his troops had been only moments before, and cursed Marnn, who had already departed up and over the castle walls via a levitation cantus.

As Krynos bounded up the stairs, Donus took care of the remaining few of the enemy that had managed to get up the wall before being picked off like hors d'oeuvres by the super-intelligent and very hungry sharks. In too much of a hurry to push their grappling hooks off, he ran from location to location at high speeds, slashing and biting anything that made it over the walls, decapitating invading soldiers with his razor-sharp claws and smashing others' heads into the gray stone of which the structure was built. Looking out over the wall, he saw a lone vampire hanging back, as if he were waiting.
"Grrrrrr. Cowarrrrrd," he growled.
That very vampire, Ryder Johnson, was not only a petty, evil man, he was also smart and had left formation long before they had gotten anywhere near the castle, preferring to wait until all of the cannon fodder had been eliminated, and hopefully had taken out defensive forces before expiring. As he rounded back to the south end of the structure, and saw a couple of ropes hanging from still-stable grappling hooks, he considered jumping to one, only to stop mere meters from the edge of the moat, as a six meter long great white breached and landed back into the water with a mighty crash.
Maybe I'll just hang on until Captain Crustyface gets inside, he thought to himself.
Kangor was busy moving the defensive machinery around, and once he had it in place, enacted the second level of defense, which consisted of various quadrinium nozzles that sprayed out concentrated garlic water. Nine climbing vampires let go of their ropes as they instinctively put their hands to their burning faces; violently quick meals for the gargantuan fish in the waters below.
Draagh ran up to Kangor and said, "Good job, my boy. Now let some more come up and release the oil."  The werewolf nodded his lupine head and looked around, making sure that nothing rotten smelling would get anywhere near the machinery in which he was entrusted.

Krynos entered the children's cubbyhole chambers and saw that all was well. The children knew what Krynos looked like in his death form, so they were not alarmed by him. But they were very aware that an invasion was happening, and numerous young ones whimpered in their enclosures, trying not to make a substantial amount of noise. Krynos paced from end to end, ready to protect the future of the Rhönen Dominion with his life, if necessary, but failed to notice that one of the cubbyholes was empty.

###

Liliana, the former occupant of the empty cubbyhole, crawled through the narrow access tunnel, scared out of her wits, as she had heard even more of the commotion outside than the children who remained locked up. She kept her wand in front of her, and nearly fell down a hole that led to the lower floors, but her light source cast a great shadow on the nearly unseen abyss. Approaching it cautiously, she pointed her wand down and spied a rickety ladder.
"Jennie, please be ok. I just want to have breakfast with you and Max in the morning," she thought out loud as she went to bravely reach out into the darkness.
She grasped the top rung of the ladder, having it nearly disintegrate in her hand and almost causing her to drop her wand, but she slipped to the next rung and it held fast. Lowering herself, she went down a full floor and saw another access tunnel. Jumping over to it, she climbed through quickly and came upon a grate, which gave her access to the living quarters of the Dominion's top officers. Pushing the grate with as much force as she possibly could, she found it wouldn't budge. So, thinking hard and trying to remember everything Jennie taught her, she tried to piece together a cantus that would remove the grate.
"Undaincantatio aestus!"
Nothing happened
"Undaincantatio flamma!"
Again, nothing, save for a small flame that had no effect on the iron grate.
Thinking carefully, she then remembered.
"Graveincantatio potentia!"
The gravity push cantus caused the iron grate to blow off the wall, and set the little girl back a good meter, nearly making her fall back into the vertical access tunnel. She sat for a moment, breathing heavily, terrified that someone, or something, might have heard the ruckus she had made.
Moving cautiously forward, she peeked her head out slowly and looked both directions down the hall. Squinting her eyes toward the end of the corridor, and with her superior night vision, she saw the ribbon she placed on Jennie's door the day prior. Liliana put it there as a little gift for her new friend. She thought it was pretty, and it was actually the only ribbon she owned, and as Jennie had earlier told her that her favorite color was pink (and to NEVER tell that to Max), The little lycan wanted her new friend to have one of her only possessions.
She bolted out of the access tunnel and made a break for Jennie's room, quickly opening the door and shutting herself inside, her heart racing a kilometer a minute.

###

By this time, dozens of middle-tier vampire troops had breached the wall, and were running around, causing all sorts of trouble for the defending werewolves. Draagh used multiple cantuses to blast attackers over the wall and down into the moat, forever returned to their places in the ecosystem via the teeth of the Dominion's sharks. As he used his staff to split the skull of a particularly large, higher-caste vampire commander, he nearly stopped frozen in his tracks. Behind his deceased opponent stood someone he had not seen in ages.
"Brother, I cannot say it is good to see you," the Primulus dressed in black groaned sardonically, "however, I can say that this is the last time we shall meet."
He wore neither sneer nor grin - his face was completely deadpan and revealed that he was deadly serious about his statement.
Before he could even formulate a response in his mind, Draagh only felt his body being lifted upwards and back from the force of a mighty gravicantus. Then all went dark for the ancient mage.
Floating over, Marnn looked down on Draagh's still form, lying on the stone floor, surveying his sworn enemy and closest relation in the universe.
"Such a shame that you did not join me, brother. We could have had so much fun - but no, you had to go and be the righteous one."
Draagh murmured and attempted to sit up, but Marnn simply waved his hand at him, causing him to slam back down into the ground.
"Do not attempt to stand up. Just sit there and relax. Oh, and do not fret, dear brother, I will not let that ridiculous excuse for a living corpse get anywhere near you. I have other plans. So, that being said, take me to your grandson. He has caused quite a bit of mischief, and I am afraid I must dispose of him - while you watch, of course."
"You shall not touch the boy," Draagh groaned, as he laid back and tried to recoup his strength. "He shall save his world and his species, and although I know that you care not for these things, let this be between you and I, brother."
"Ha! You truly believe that I would do that? No, no, no. I mean to make you suffer your last moments of existence on this plane. Nothing would please me more than to see your loss - the only Primulus and lycan hybrid ever known of in the long, long history of existence."  Even though Max's father, Michael, was the Taxiarch, he was, for all intents and purposes, a Primulus, as his caste level was above that of standard angels. Draagh had created him that way for a reason.
Draagh cued into the armor he had created for the Dominion. He needed assistance, and he thought of a way to get it.
"Donus, can you hear me? I am on the pathway between the west and north towers. A very powerful mage has taken my staff, and I need a distraction. Please, brother."
Still acting more injured than he was, he faked a groan and continued, "Marnn, what happened to you? How did I wrong you so? What brought everything to this point, with you accompanying a rotting band of walking corpses?"
The fallen dark mage looked down at his supposedly weakened brother, and after giving him a sneer, turned and looked out over the vast plains to the north.
"Nothing happened to me. You were the problem. Let me ask you this - when was the last time Jah addressed you - or any of us? We are the workhorses, required to fix, create, nurture and prop up the weak and the undeserving. I simply offered you the opportunity to help make the universe a better place - to rid it of the needy and the weak, to support those of strength - those who would be the foot soldiers of our destiny!"
Draagh felt as though he was going to puke, and that was saying a lot, as he had not vomited in roughly 1.3 million years. Staying down, and allowing his psychotic brother to ramble on, he looked around through squinted eyes. His staff was four meters away, but if he attempted to move his hand to call it Marnn would see, and then blast him over the edge of the castle wall.
"Do you actually think that I would have joined in your plan of madness? We were created to build, improve, and to nurture. It is our purpose."
"Do you remember Galicon S7? Do you? I spent 2,500 years helping that pathetic society get to the point where they could split the atom! Jah decimated the planet with but a thought! All of my great works, ruined!"
Draagh stayed in place and simply shook his head, appalled that his brother was so nearsighted.
"Marnn, they had interplanetary rockets and were going to send nuclear bombs to an inhabited moon! Plus, the attack would have thrown the moon out of the system's orbit and affected countless billions of lives later on. They had to be stopped."
As he spun around, the dark mage boomed, "Bah! It was a sign of strength, and of the natural order of things. Were we not to support the natural order? Why, you pitiful fool, you would have taken the teeth from a tiger so that it could not harm a goat; that which nature intended it to eat!"
The fallen Primulus was so busy boasting of his victory before it happened that he almost didn't even notice Donus flying through the air, with a direct vector on his location. At nearly the last moment, he turned and waved the lycan commander off, causing the werewolf to yelp in pain and land in a heap some meters away - but that was all the time that Draagh needed. He quickly reached out, staff flying into his hand, and was instantly on his feet, ready to battle his brother - to the death.

The palladium-infused oil worked quite well, and had sent another fifteen vampire invaders to a watery demise. Kangor busied himself running around, dispatching various vampires with teeth and claws. He had been shot with a palladium arrow, but the salubots in his system effectively rejected the foreign object, and after having pushed it out of the muscle in which it was embedded, continued to heal the painful wound. Two, then three, then five vampires sent to ashen graves with his platinum claw enhancers, he was definitely making progress, and he only needed to keep it up for another hour. Thanks to the gift of a particularly powerful cantus by Draagh, the cage doors would automatically open for all of the imprisoned lycans once the inhabitants had morphed out of their death form. When all doors were open, the full, unfettered force of the Dominion would eradicate what remained of the near-dead interlopers.
As he had already used all of the defensive measures in the mass of machinery at the castle top, he could only fight and defend. Running from one end of the castle to the other, he grabbed a leg of lamb and munched it while he moved, replenishing his reserves so that his meter wouldn't tank out. As he rounded a corner he was saddened by seeing four normals, lying together in a pile of drained death. One or more of Vladros' soldiers had accosted them and replenished his or their own reserves. As the law stated, the king was to personally console the families of the fallen and present them with an honorarium of gold, but it was something that the Krynos had not had to do for a very long time.
Kangor stopped for a moment and checked to make sure that all were deceased. However, he detected that one was still alive and would eventually turn into a vampire, having been infected with the half-dead subspecies' virus. The werewolf nuzzled the man over and gazed into his eyes. There was fear in them, as the normal knew the laws. He had the honor of standing by his king in time of need, but that did not make him less afraid of what was to come to pass.
Reaching up to the massive, sapient phase 3, the man touched its face and choked out some final words.
"Please… have our king care for my family."
"Grrrrr… law. We carrrre," Kangor growled, barely being able to form the words with his lupine mouth.
"Very well then, my friend - release me… please."
Kangor tore the man's throat out in a flash, causing him to immediately lose consciousness and slip into oblivion. The man felt no pain, nor regret.

As Krynos waited in the children's chamber, he heard the sounds of boots going up the stairs. The scent was of vampire, and even though their stink had permeated the castle, his nose was sophisticated enough to smell distance and velocity. Rearing back on his haunches, he prepared to defend his precious children, who were more than terrified, but had already been well trained to stay quiet, especially in the gravest of circumstances.
The door burst open and five vampire troops poured in, attempting to tackle the lycan king so they could detain him with chains of rhodium, but they were not even close to being fast enough. As children screamed, Krynos was a blur, instantly clawing and decapitating three of the invaders, causing them to fall as ashen piles on the floor. The other two attempted to open a cubbyhole, only to be met in the face with concentrated garlic water, squirted out of a bulb with a small nozzle. The two vampires screamed in agony as their faces burned, giving Krynos a chance to swoop by them, separating their heads from their bodies with his hind claws, which were not coated with platinum enhancers, resulting in massive sprays of blood covering the faces of shocked children locked in the cubicles close by.

Enough troops had gotten over the wall and survived the mauling claws of Kangor and Donus to open the drawbridge and allow Vladros to majestically enter, still surrounded by his protective forces. As they filtered in, Ryder Johnson ran in from the western side of the castle and lithely avoided the great whites in the moat. Vladros looked around gloatingly from his protected position in the castle courtyard, while Johnson slipped by and ducked into a doorway, intent on finding Max and Jennie. A vampire soldier quickly approached his liege to give a status update.
"Lord Vladros, even though we have suffered losses, we occupy the majority of the castle, and, as you had predicted, all of the fools have locked themselves into cages for the duration of the full moon."
The reporting officer had various slowly healing scratches on his face, a testament to the skill of his command unit.
"Find Krynos. I want his head on a platter before we leave this repugnant locale."
"As my Lord orders," said the officer, as he bowed and backed away.
Vladros looked up to the turrets and in between the western and northern towers saw great flashes of lightning and heard thunderous booms.
"Ah, Marnn must have had his family reunion," he laughed, and hoped that somehow they would kill each other, saving him the trouble of doing it himself.

###

Liliana hid for a while in Jennie's room, the familiar smell comforting her as she stayed under the bed and listened for sounds, while staying alert for the scents of approaching vampires. Unable to detect any imminent danger, she crawled out from under the bed and started exploring the room, looking for anything that could be useful. Still hearing the sounds of screaming and fighting outside, along with thunderclaps, she knew that there was danger, but all she wanted to do was to help Jennie. The sparse room offered nothing to her, until she leaned up against a bookcase and was nearly clocked in the head with Jennie's power gauntlet, which had been precariously balanced on a shelf near the top. Startled, she looked down at the spiked, metal glove and slowly picked it up. Even though she had played with it before, she had seen Jennie wear it on her left hand and keep her wand in her right, so she did what children do best - she imitated Jennie's movements. As she had previously done with her wand, she wore the gauntlet and attempted numerous cantuses, unaware if any of them even existed. After exhaustively trying to make something happen, she dropped the gauntlet and fell to the floor in despair, tears coming out of her coffee-brown eyes, which looked surprisingly similar to Jennies. In fact, if one saw them together it could have been inferred that they were related, even though Liliana had lighter skin than Jennie.
What can I do? she thought. I don't want to die. Please, Krynos, protect Jennie and Max.
Suddenly, a thought popped into her head. She remembered what Jennie had said that night when they were shocking the cat in that very room.
"Draagh said we can be returned to our day form with a sufficient electrical shock."
Picking up the gauntlet and placing it on her hand, she steeled herself and took a deep breath.

"Electrincantatio quassatio!"

A massive electrical shock shot out from the gauntlet, almost lighting Jennie's bedding on fire. Her face aghast, she thought, Well, if I use this cantus I might light her on fire, but it is the only one I know.
She smelled and listened for signs of vampires, or even phase 3 lycans, and hearing none, bolted out the door and down the corridor, directly for the access tunnel. She knew what she was going to do.

###

In the lower level dungeon, two floors below the prisoner dungeon, where all of the phase 3s were locked away, the majority of werewolves were running madly around their small enclosures, smelling vampires through the air ducts that brought fresh air down into the depths of the castle. In most cases at that hour, they would be quietly and happily munching away on the partial animals hung above their cots, but this night was different.
Max and Jennie, in their phase 3 forms, paced around their cells, occasionally running up to the bars and trying to sniff for indications of any kind of threat. They only experienced things with animalistic instincts and vague, black and white imagery in their minds. Base feelings, such as rage, lust, fear and pain drove them via a genetic fight-or-flight response. They had both already eaten their venison legs, and were amped up and ready for anything, although they had no clue as to what. The other phase 3 werewolves who had not eaten would suffer a meter tank upon phase 1 conversion, as there were not enough energy resources available to sustain them once they had changed. Fortunately, very few of them ever suffered this, as the clan previously identified them as potential crashers, so their meat supply was always set on the floor instead of being hung from the ceiling. The waking team always provided nourishment shakes to those who needed it. Alea was on the waking team, and she would be sorely missed that following morning.
Five floors above, Liliana navigated through the castle walls, sniffing until she found the proper vertical access tunnel - the one that would lead her to the lower dungeon area. She reached over and shook the ladder, just to make sure it wouldn't fall apart on her, and seeing that it was stable, began to climb down to the lower depths of the castle with Jennie's gauntlet on her left hand and the wand in her mouth.

###

Outside, the two Prīmulī quickly moved around, suspended in the air, 10 meters above the walkways between the castle towers. For every cantus that was thrown, an expert defense was provided. It seemed that Draagh was constantly on the defense, and he knew that if he was to win the fight he would have to reverse the order of things. Marnn wasn't just hitting him with grav pushes either - he was using everything in his arsenal that wouldn't result in his own incineration. As they were in clear view of anyone in the expansive open areas of the castle, they were putting on a spectacular show. It just happened to be one of the deadliest close-quarters combat shows ever seen in the Orion Spiral Arm of the Milky Way Galaxy.

Vladros watched with keen interest (and shielded eyes), as the two immortals battled, thick beams of multi-colored light emanating from their staffs.
"Torlen! Do you not see the futility in their battle?" demanded the vampire king.
His protective guard, Torlen, one of his most trusted aides, always agreed with the ghoul leader.
"Yes, my liege, it seems like a never ending cycle of attack, defend, attack, and defend. Then they do it all over again. It would be quite boring, if the lights were not so unnervingly attractive."
A vampire that admired light was one thing, but Torlen was of a special breed - his bloodline was completely immune to any kind of UV rays. In fact, they could even get a tan, if not for the fact that they were still slowly decomposing walking near-corpses.
"I want you to go inside with a small detail and hunt down Krynos. Bring me his head - or I will have yours. Go!"
"Yes, my Lord", he said, as he pointed to four members of Vladros' protective guard and motioned for them to follow him into the castle.
The group of five entered into the same side door that Ryder Johnson had used to enter the castle, and sniffing the air, determined that there was little danger in the immediate vicinity. Moving down a narrow corridor, they encountered a stairwell, which they took to the upper levels. They ran up up to the mezzanine and looked out over the main hall, which was devoid of all life. Only small piles of ashes showed where their brothers had so valiantly fought and met their final moments of life. Suddenly, they saw the flash of a figure running down a far corridor. Torlen sniffed the air and his troops gave each other wary glances, having just seen piles of vampire death before their faces.
"Not to worry, my brothers," said the lesser-disfigured commander, "he was vampire, but he has a different scent. I believe it was the alien whom Vladros despises so."
He then tore down the pathway along the mezzanine, with troops in tow, following where Johnson had gone, and figuring that if it were the alien then he at least would be a fitting distraction for any lycan hiding in the shadows.

Johnson looked in vain for Jennie and Max, not having any idea where they might be. He was given virtually no information on the castle, or where the phase 3 lycans housing was, as Vladros simply wanted him to die, not having the guts to kill the young man himself. As he raced down yet another hallway, he caught a scent - the scent of lycan youth, and spun around, looking in every direction. However, he didn't peer into the grates on the walls, because if he had he would have possibly detected a young lycan girl, noisily navigating her way down to the floors below.

However, he did look at the grates.

As there were still vampires rampaging throughout the castle, Krynos stayed with the children, constantly sniffing the air and checking the hallway. Then, he detected the scents of Donus and Kangor approaching. Waiting for them to arrive, he spoke to the children in the language that all lycans use when in sapient death form, learned from the time they are old enough to speak.
"Children, you must sit in the back of your kennels. Be very quiet and do not attract attention. Have your garlic sprays ready, and if vampires approach, spray them and scream as loudly as you can. Do you understand?"
All of the children responded, saying, "Yes King Krynos!" in their native tongue.
Moments later, Donus and Kangor burst into the room, with Donus giving their leader an update on the battle, while Kangor guarded the entryway.
"We have managed to destroy the lesser forces of Vladros, and only his upper-caste remains. However, although they are not plentiful in numbers, they are skilled, so we must fight together and carve a path of ash through the corridors until none remain."
Krynos nodded his lupine head, and looking around at the children (who were not following his previous instructions), let out a nasty snarl that sent them to the backs of their cubbyholes.
Returning his gaze to his second in command, he growled, "This room has already been attacked by vampires, so it carries the scent of death. I do not believe that any will again approach this floor."
While he stood near the door, Kangor also gave his king a status update.
"My Lord, the defenses worked as expected, and the majority of the troops were decimated before scaling the walls. Plus, we also bring good tidings,"
"And what would these good tidings be, Kangor?"
"We shall not have to feed the sharks for at least a fortnight."
Donus smirk-growled, knowing that, although true, Kangor attempted to lighten the mood, which had been quite dark for the past hours.
Then the three most powerful lycans in the Rhönen Dominion bolted down the hallway, after Krynos had kicked some vampire ashes out into the corridor and locked the door, keeping the children relatively safe. Tearing through the East wing, they looked out windows facing the courtyard to see Draagh and Marnn fighting in their ancient arts. Numerous bolts of light and eerie, opaque shields materialized out of thin air as the stalemate continued. Sounds like electrified, burning metal sizzled through the air. As they hit the master stairway, all dropped to the lower floor, where they had detected the rotting stench of the enemy. They split up, with Krynos heading out alone, and Donus and Kangor ghosting their leader. Although they were animals, sapient werewolves were extremely intelligent - one could say much brighter than when in their day form, and this was simply a lycan battle tactic.

They were no longer defending their castle - they were hunting vampires.

Draagh and Marnn continued their otherworldly battle, staffs flashing brilliantly, with deadly beams of energy and defensive shields being subconsciously generated. All seemed to lead to a stalemate, until both mages simultaneously fired an offensive combination of identical flame and gravity cantuses at each other, knocking themselves back tens of meters in opposite directions. Draagh was up first and quickly shot over to his downed brother. Shocked, Marnn opened his eyes to see his detested sibling standing over him, with an angry, yet concerned look. Draagh had his staff pointed directly at Marnn's face, and after many long seconds finally spoke.
"Brother, you indeed have serious issues with which to contend, and although it is not my place to kill you, as I have sworn to preserve life to the utmost of my abilities, you can no longer exist on this plane. I truly am sorry for what I must do, as you have gone beyond the pale."
Not wishing to expose himself to another moment of danger, he executed his cantus:

"Moverincatatio exilium purgatorio"
	
Marnn disappeared to a dimensional purgatory from which he would never escape, followed by a sucking sound that terminated in a loud pop. He would continue existing, but in blank nothingness. For most that was a fate worse than death.
Draagh kneeled down and picked up his brother's staff, left behind when the fallen mage was forever banished. Appraising the dark mage's device, he thought he might hold onto it for a while, but then reconsidered.
Max will not be ready for quite some time, and when the time does come, he will find his staff just like the rest of us did.
Mentally concentrating on the local area, he saw that Max and Jennie were safe, the children had been saved by Krynos, and that the lycan king and his top two aides were quickly dispatching the invading forces, so he decided to dispose of the staff before heading down and finishing off the invaders.
The staff of a Primulus was no ordinary walking stick, nor even a magical object of great power. Inside it was a living entity, the ghanlo, and although not sentient, it had immortal life and therefore could not be killed or even disposed of. The object in which it resided could not be broken; it was not affected by the elements, and it withstood the ravages of the deadliest radiation and even the burning fires of a sun. Prīmulī could change the object in which their ghanlo resided, and Draagh himself had carried his in the form of a sword many centuries before (when he used to pal around with Vikings). The staffs of minor-mages were indeed simply wooden objects through which they channeled their abilities and collected some 3D computational data, but for the most part they were as valuable as a wooden pole. Draagh's ghanlo was nearly old as the galaxy itself, as it was created when he was - so connected were the two.
As he stood there, with Marnn's staff in his hands, he knew he was required to send it far away, to a place that not even he could find, to rest within an object of cultural importance (as was standard practice with a mageless staff) that was not of his knowledge. The ghanlo had already terminated its connection with Marnn as soon as its former patron was banished, so it would simply wait until again claimed.
He gazed upon the black pole with an ornate headstock and then, setting it down, brought up his own infoscreen and started randomly typing data into the seemingly intangible interface. Before he could finish his 4d slip data entry, which was to take the staff, Socrates coalesced into view.
"Lord Draagh, greetings."
"Greetings, old friend. How are you?"
"If what you ask regards my well-being, as I am technically not a being, then nothing has changed. Query: Are you attempting to send Marnn's staff to another world?"
"I am indeed. You are aware of the law."
"Yes, my Lord. Data is not to be saved. The staff shall be lost until its next user is attracted to its frequency."
"That is correct. Would you be so kind as to verify the four-dimensional coordinates and make sure that I am not sending this to the center of a sun, or into a black hole?"
Socrates slowly spun to port, as he usually did while computing data, especially the Kamiliak Equation. When he was done, he slowly came to a stop, errant particles flowing back into the floating mask.
"The equation is complete, my Lord. The ghanlo shall be safe."
"You are not to save this data, so states the law."
"That is correct my Lord. However, data is energy, and energy is never permanently lost -it is simply repurposed."
Draagh sighed, and looked to the stars. He knew not where he was sending the ghanlo, but he was certain it would not be found until it was meant to be found, and hopefully, the new owner would not fall to darkness, as his now-banished brother had done. He pushed a symbol on his infoscreen and Marnn's staff vanished from site with a small popping sound.
He then turned and raced down the pathway to the closest stairway, as Socrates dissolved from view.
Chapter 25 - Liliana to the Rescue

Deep within the walls of the castle, Liliana dropped to the ground inside her vertical access tunnel, having reached the dungeon where the phase 3 lycans were being housed. Howls and snarls immediately commenced, all having detected her scent. She used the same cantus as before, blowing out the iron grate and cautiously sticking her head out, looking in every direction for any sort of danger.
After determining that no one was loose in death form, she crept down the corridor, attempting to find Jennie - the only problem was that she didn't know what Jennie looked like in phase 3.
Liliana peered into each and every cell, with nearly every werewolf growling and snapping hungrily at her. She had almost reached the end when she saw two very particular werewolves in adjacent cells. One, a female, had a particularly glossy black coat and was relatively small in size compared to the others. The male in the cell next to the female had a medium brown coat, and was slightly larger. The odd thing was that they both seemed so calm, simply sitting on their hindquarters and keeping as close together as they could, despite their common wall. Liliana took one look and knew that they were Jennie and Max.
"Jennie! I know it is you. I am so glad you are safe, but we need your help for we have been attacked by the enemy - vampires are in the castle, and a battle continues as I speak."
Phase 3 Jennie just sat and looked at the little girl without moving. The little girl neared the cage that housed her transformed friend, and for a moment it seemed as if she could reach out and touch the werewolf, but the its face suddenly contorted and snarled, as it snapped at the little girl.
Scared, Liliana jumped back, a tear rolling down her small cheek, as she knew that she had to try to help her to change back with something untested. Frightened, she pulled out the power gauntlet. The werewolf had stopped snarling, and was watching the little girl put the quadrinium device onto her hand. Then, as if knowing what was to happen, it sat in the middle of the cage and closed its eyes. Liliana lifted the gauntlet with purpose, and pointed it at her friend.
"Electrincantatio quassatio!"
A massive burst of electricity shot out from the glove and hit phase 3 Jennie squarely in the chest, knocking the werewolf back against the wall, with ample amounts of smoke and the stink of burnt fur filling the air.
"Jennie! No! Jennie!" cried out the little lycan. "Please don't be dead! Please wake up!"
For a moment it appeared that Jennie was indeed no longer alive, but upon closer inspection Liliana saw that her friend was not only breathing, but also changing back to her day form.
Slowly, muscles retracted, bones reformed and she shed her singed fur, with her lustrous black hair growing back exactly as it was before she had suffered her very first transformation earlier that evening. After approximately one minute, a beautiful and naked Jennie Escalante was laying on the floor of her cell.
Liliana rushed up to the bars, as the lock automatically released, having intelligently detected its occupant's transformation to phase 1. She pushed the door completely open and ran inside, first getting Jennie her clothing that had been hung on a wooden dowel on the wall of her cell. 
"Jennie! Jennie! You are ok! I came for you. I was so worried! There are vampires in the castle!"
Jennie groggily lifted her head and groaned, "V-v-vampires? In… the castle? Huh?"
"Yes! The bad vampires came and Draagh and Krynos and Donus have been fighting them, but they need help!"
Jennie looked around, getting her head together as she regained her senses.
"Liliana, did you blast me with the gauntlet?"
"Yes…" She hesitated, afraid that she was going to be scolded. 
"Great! You remembered! I knew you were cool! Ok, now do it to Max!"
"Really? You want me to?"
"Yeah, and blast him good. Boys need to be shocked more."
Liliana got a devilish grin on her face, and standing back, she uttered the same cantus as before, but this time keeping the gauntlet trained on her target a little longer, not knowing that what Jennie had told her was an exaggeration - the woman just wanted to see Max get jolted a bit.
Max's lupine body was blasted into the back wall with a concussive force that even startled the woman. The werewolf was lying on the ground with not only smoke emanating from his wound where the little girl had pointed her weapon, but he was actually on fire. Luckily, the fire quickly dissipated once his changing form shed the fur that had covered his canid form. Unfortunately, the rancid smell of burnt fur and flesh remained.
"Um, shit… I think maybe that was a bit too much, sweety."
"Oh, Jennie. Did I hurt him? And what does it mean, this shit?"
"Erm, he'll be fine, and uh… it means…um, just don't say it, ok?"
"Ok," said the little girl while smiling broadly.
Max regained his senses and looked up as the lock on his cell door released with a loud clunking sound. Standing up, he saw Jennie and Liliana staring at him. It took a moment before he realized he was stark naked, with Jennie eyeing him appraisingly, but Liliana looking with a face of slight disgust because he was, after all, a boy in her eyes. Max thought this was incredibly unfair, as he had been denied the opportunity to witness Jennie in her full glory earlier in the evening.
"Wow, not bad, Max, not bad," she said as she wiggled her eyebrows.
"Oh, shut it, Jennie. Hey, are we done?"
He put on his tunic and trousers and walked out of his cell, grabbing his shoes, which were placed on the ground out front by the central barrier (to keep him from sniffing and chewing on his own shoes while in phase 3). 
"Um, no, Max. Liliana knocked us out of phase 3 with my power gauntlet - apparently the castle has been attacked by vampires."
"Oh, that's what hurt… Holy shit! Vampires?"
"Jennie, why can Max say shit, but I cannot?"
"I'll explain later, sweety. Max, we gotta get up above. We need weapons."
Max looked at a huge cabinet on the near wall, and bounding over to it, threw the doors open, finding it chock-full of swords.
Calling back, he said, "Hey Liliana, wake some other people up. Just start doing whatever you did to me! Just not as hard… please."
"Yay! Cool shit!"
"Liliana, honey, we don't use the word that way."
"Actually, Jennie, that was pretty good."
"Shut up, Max!"
The sweet little girl from future-past just smiled back at the beautiful dega, and then turned back toward the cages. With a wicked grin she started zapping every werewolf she saw, while Max grabbed their katanas from the cabinet. Once the first lycan awoke - a lieutenant named Roy - Jennie briefed him on the situation and the need to get everyone up above. Roy stated he would take care of forming a battle group, and would go up top shortly. He then turned to supervise the recently awoken, while looking for potential crashers. Wishing each other good luck, Max went for the stairs, but Jennie called him out, asking him to hold on for a moment.
Turning to her little friend, Jennie said, "Liliana - what you did was very brave, but also dangerous. How did you get down here?"
"I climbed down through little corridors in the walls."
"Ah, the ventilation and access tunnels - very smart. I am so proud of you, but now I need you to hide. Can you hide?"
The little pigtailed lycan nodded enthusiastically.
"Very good - hide and don't come out until the sun rises, ok sweetie?"
"Ok!"
Jennie gently helped Liliana to slip the gauntlet off her hand, and then placed it on her own. Turning and running for the stairs, Max took the cue and headed up in the lead. As they had both eaten while in death form, they had ample reserves, but knew they would need to stuff something else in their mouths if they were to last until the sun rose.
Reaching the first floor, they quickly dispatched a group of bottom-tier vampire soldiers with their katanas, soaking the floor with copious amounts of blood. They then ran through the main hall, Jennie stopping near some piles of ash, which captured her curiosity.
"I wonder what this is…" she queried.
"They were vampires, but were killed with platinum or palladium. Even rhodium or iridium - all the same metal family."
"What's the difference? Why are they ash? I mean, when I kill with my sword they just bleed out."
"The molecular composition of anything from the platinum family operates on a vibrational frequency antagonistic to the salubots that flow in our system. That's why it hurts when lycans touch platinum or palladium, but with vampires, the metal causes their bots to freak out and basically incinerate them - if the metal makes contact with their blood."
"Oh wow, I knew it hurt them, but had no idea it made them burn up. And Old-Earth fiction said that only silver was painful to lycans. Funny, huh?"
"Yeah, silver. Right," said Max.
They both chuckled for a moment, and then concentrated on the sounds and smells of the immediate area. The scents of vampires, lycans and, unfortunately, some dead normals littered the air, giving Max and Jennie ample indication of where to go next. Suddenly, and without warning, two werewolves leaped over the hall, going from one side of the mezzanine to the other, startling Jennie.
"Don't worry, they're wearing Draagh's armor, so they have brains," said Max, noting Jennie's alarmed expression.
"They're onto something. Leave them, and let's go join the fun outside."
But before they could get out the doorway to the courtyard, a massive throng of vampires that had waited on the perimeter of the castle during the invasion rushed them. These were not lower-caste sacrificial soldiers, but mid-level troops, and they had the experience to match.
Jennie and Max immediately converted to their battle form, which instantly doubled their strength. Lycans in day form were already on par with the average vampire - but these were not average vampires. They were stronger than their inferior brothers.
Nearly overwhelmed by the sheer numbers of rotting troops, Max and Jennie slashed and hacked their way toward the doorway, but each time they seemed to get close they were pushed back by a counterattack. Max threw numerous UV light cantuses, debilitating roughly half the vampires in the hall, but it was a major mistake, as he had nearly depleted his yellow line, and only had room for two more cantuses before he would suffer a substantial timeout period. His inexperience in battle was proving to be his undoing. To fight two or three vampires in an open field was one thing, but dozens of attacking mid and high-level troops in an enclosed space was something he had never trained nor accounted for.
Suffering numerous bites and scratches, the two lycans were depleting resources at an astounding rate. If a vampire were to bite a lycan there would be no risk of infection, as they lycan virus basically fights off and eliminates the invading organisms, just as the vampire virus fights off that of the lycan when the tables are turned. Still, the wounds they were suffering taxed them severely, as was evident by their shrinking health lines in their peripheral readouts.
Separated from each other for the first time in a battle, Max was overcome with rage and despair. He needed to get to Jennie and fight to keep the enemy off her, but the harder he tried to get through to her the further away he was pushed. He continued to kick, punch and hack the enemy with his katana and all of his enhanced strength, but was unable to get into position and deliver fatal blows. Taking an incredible chance, he levitated himself up over the crowd and saw Jennie back in the corner of the room being beaten savagely, with blood all over her face and clothing, as she used part of a broken table as a makeshift shield.
He couldn't use a gravecantus to blow off her attackers because he would injure her at the same time - he just didn't have the experience to be able to pick and choose who precisely was affected by his magical skills, especially in the case of an area-wide attack, as was the gravecantus. It was all he could do to protect her with a simple shield - one that kept her from being stabbed by an errant blade, but could not relieve her of the mounting pressure that pushed her back into a corner. He then decided to float over and try to pull her out. If he could not, he would drop down in the crowd and be by her side no matter the outcome. Quickly gliding over, he tried to reach down and grab her hand as she reached up to him, calling his name out, a look of terror painted on her normally beautiful face.
She was going to die. Right there - in front of him.
He failed to grab her hand, and seeing she had a knife sticking out of her arm and was about to go down for the last time, he did the only thing he could.

If Jennie dies, she dies in my arms and I'll go with her.

Max dropped down into the crowd and desperately hacked and slashed his way to her side. Pulling out his smaller sword, called a tachi, he did all he could to keep the attacking troops away from the woman, taking the brunt of their abuse and trying to give her precious seconds to live.
All seemed lost, with everything going by in agonizingly slow motion. As he fought harder and harder while keeping his back pressed up against Jennie and making sure she was pinned back into the corner, he started to lose consciousness. The edges of his vision started to fade to black - his existence was ending right there. With Jennie behind him and in a final moment of desperation he executed a gravecantus, pushing back nearly all of the attacking soldiers - only to see them bound back up and attack again.
Turning around he wrapped his arms around her, using his massive back as a shield against the marauding troops and whispered, "I'm sorry, Jennie. Please, I'm so sorry."
His shield cantus was weak and barely kept the sharp edges of blades from slicing him in two. Suddenly, a knife penetrated the meat of his shoulder as clubs beat him over the head, but he was feeling at peace. He had resigned himself to death. His only regret was that he never got the chance to hold her - to tell her how he felt.
He was near an unconscious state when out of his almost nonexistent peripheral vision he saw a brilliant flash - a blinding white, followed by screams. The pressure on his back was gone. He had no idea what had happened, but he would die with Jennie in his arms. Was it Heaven? Was it some sort of afterlife? He had heard stories of people seeing bright white lights when they died and were later revived.

Then, without further warning, everything went black.
Chapter 26 - Regeneration

Max awoke with a start, sitting up quickly, but was held down by Draagh, who had arrived moments before the young man was to meet his end. However, the first thought in his head was not for his own well-being, but for that of Jennie.
"Hey Pops, where…is she?" he asked with a painful-sounding groan.
"Oh my son, please wait. She rests here on the table. We are safe, yes, quite safe, as I have cordoned off this room while I heal the both of you. Now, rest for a moment. I had to remove a spear from your torso, and the healing is not yet finished. I must say, my dear boy, that if there was not a substantial part of me in you… then you would most certainly not be alive right now."
Max's grandfather pointed to at least half a dozen blood-covered, platinum-covered blades laid out on the ground - all of which he had pulled out of his grandson's body.
"I need to see her. Please," he said weakly. He looked at his hands and noted his normal nails. He was so depleted he had converted back to his day form, which left him on par with the mid and upper-caste vampire warriors.
"Draagh, where are they? All of those vamps?"
Draagh put his hand to Max's shoulder, instigating another massive flood of salubots to assist in healing his stab wounds, as well as multiple other cuts and gouges on his body.
"I merely dispatched them - to the moat. Well, the ones that remained after Krynos and Donus had attacked. I find it much easier when they group together. It is more efficient. Yes, much more efficient."
He wiggled his eyebrows at Max and then tapped on his temple, giving a visual indication that he was smart… and he was - very, very smart.
Standing up with some difficulty, Max looked over to a blood-covered Jennie, who was lying motionless on the table next to their position. He stumbled over and nearly fell on top of her. Draagh quickly moved over and steadied him, noting that the young man's eyes had welled up with tears.
"I'm sorry, Jennie. I'm so sorry, I should have been more careful. We should have fought them out in the open. I was arrogant… it's all my fault."
Max closed his eyes and dropped his head, tears falling onto Jennie's bloody arm, when he felt her hand brush up against his cheek, with the woman speaking to him in a low whisper.
"It's ok, hun. Draagh came, but we still need to go back out there. Move back and let him do what he does best."
Max looked down at Jennie's slightly bruised face. Her eyes - those amazing eyes - they seemed to reflect hope, and he used that hope as his strength. He reached down and brushed her bangs out of her face, and to his surprise she appeared to welcome his touch, slightly moving her cheek toward his hand, while gaining a soft, but weak smile.
"Max, you're in the way. Move your ass," she insisted, this time with a bit more force to her voice.
Backing up, Max turned around and looked at his grandfather. He was feeling the effects of the salubots flowing through his system as they regenerated missing tissues and healed wounds. Then, looking at his levels he noticed that they were all peaked, which was unusual, as he hadn't consumed anything of nutritional value. Looking at his grandfather he asked how that could be.
"Draagh, my levels… they're peaked. How?"
"My boy, I have certain… abilities, yes I have. I am only glad I arrived in time, as I was rampaging throughout the castle, racing Krynos and Donus and having quite a good time hunting the invaders - but I heard you - I heard your cries, I felt your anguish and hopelessness. Now stand back, and let me heal this wonderful young woman who had her sword over your back, guarding your spine while you used your body as a voluntary lycan carving post in order to protect her."
Max gazed at Jennie with utter astonishment - he thought that she was out of commission and helpless, but she had used the very last of her energies to help protect him. She had prolonged their lives - and their mortal embrace.
It was a matter of about twenty minutes more before the two were up and on their feet. Draagh quickly conjured a nutritional drink much like what Alea had given him during his phase 2 training (sans the force-feeding tube), which they both consumed. The two actually felt better than normal - they felt supercharged, like they were amped after drinking a super-powerful yerba mate.
Completely rejuvenated and ready to fight some more, they made for the main door while Draagh bid them good luck, the ancient one taking off to yet again assist Krynos and Donus in their castle cleanup. Knowing they were about to go into a battle zone, they entered the courtyard - but with caution, making sure they would not be cornered off, and giving themselves ample room for flight in the case they were again overwhelmed. Seeing numerous vampires on the walls, Max started to use low-energy unspoken cantuses to knock vampires down off, working in conjunction with the remaining normals, who were using palladium-tipped arrows to pick off the scattered vampire troops, turning them into little piles of ash.
Standing in the middle of the courtyard was a group of approximately twenty high-caste, shielded vampire soldiers, surrounding and protecting an aged and mildly decomposing man in their center - Vladros. The vampire king had arrogantly believed that his troops had taken the castle, and he certainly hadn't counted on the two alien lycans arriving at his location.
As soon as the rotting liege saw Max and Jennie he cried out, "Kill them! The ones who took Ladros from us!"
At once, half of Vladros' protective forces charged out at the two youngsters, who had again gone to phase 2, instantly doubling their strength. Jennie and Max split up, forcing the attacking vampires to do the same, which they unwittingly did in equal numbers. The lycans were going to spread the enemy out - not make the same mistake they had made inside the hall. Experience can be a cruel, yet effective teacher, and they had learned, nearly at the cost of their own lives.
As she approached an open area, Jennie performed a series of back flips, landing on her booted feet and crouching low. She feigned a jump, but instead shot forward, sliding on her knees over the rough stones of the courtyard floor, and leaning back used her katana to amputate the legs from four of her five attackers. As they fell to the ground screaming in blood-squirting agony, she popped up and gave them the not-so sympathetic gift of instant death via decapitation.
Her remaining opponent charged at her, his mouth open in a silent scream as he slashed and hacked away at the young woman, who, although in her battle form, was still amazingly attractive, even though she was sporting a bit of hair on her jaws and chest, and the majority of her upper torso was covered in dried blood.
Her attacker hissed and screeched, "Lycan bitch! I shall rend you limb from limb," and surged forward with his sword pointed at her, which she quickly sidestepped, allowing her to comically slap him on his hindquarters with her sword as he passed by.
"Hey Max! I did the butt thing! I did it! Woohoo!"
The grotesque, rotting soldier then spun around with a confused look on his face, not understanding how the woman could have taken joy in such an ineffective counter-attack.
Again he surged forward, with Jennie performing a forward jumping flip over her attacker, severing one of his arms while flying through the air and upside-down. Landing softly, she turned and smiled.
"There! I've disarmed you!" paraphrasing a silly line from an Old-Earth movie.
The vampire wailed and attacked, his remaining arm waving his sword around wildly, as blood gushed out from where his severed arm used to be. Then, waiting until the very last second, Jennie did a backflip and landed low, swinging her katana out 180 degrees at her face-level, which happened to be about mid-thigh for the attacking ghoul, making him into nothing more than a one-armed living corpse, writhing and bleeding out all over the stones of the courtyard ground.
A few meters away, Max took on his attackers in a completely different fashion, 3D slipping behind them and cutting off one head, then slipping to the other side and cutting off another, while Vladros screamed in rage, his face nearly turning a very light shade of purple.
"He's a mage, you idiots!"
Suddenly, the three remaining vampires looked around, back to back, not seeing him anywhere.
"Above you! He's above you!" roared the vampire king.
The three simultaneously looked up, only to see Max standing above their heads, as if on an invisible platform. Looking down, he gave them a cocky grin and waved, as he silently executed the same cantus that Jennie had used days before to give Ryder Johnson a most unwelcome sunburn.

"Undaincantatio ultravita."

The powerful ultraviolet blast caused the three attackers to immediately fall and start screaming while ripping at their faces, with their leader looking on in horror. He then gingerly dropped to the ground, lopped off each of their heads (along with their hands that were clenching their faces), and smiled at the rotting king. Max sauntered over to Vladros, as massive sprays of blood jettisoning into the air out of their severed carotid arteries, creating a beautiful red fountain of liquid death as his own personal backdrop. He was developing his own style in the art of war, and it was pretty - unless one was on the dying end of his blade.
"Do NOT approach me, murderer!" screamed the obviously alarmed and cowardly vampire king, as his remaining troops backed up with him. "Before the sun rises I shall see your corpse lying in the dirt."
"Oh, shut up, asshole. I mean - why do you have to be such a dick? And what's with this Ooo, we're going to defeat the lycans and rule the universe thing anyway?"
Focusing in on his meter, he saw that his yellow line was half depleted, giving him enough juice for one really epic skill, so he used a powerful gravity push cantus to lift up and violently slam Vladros and the remaining enemy forces to the ground. The vampire protectors immediately scrambled up to their feet and made for the main gate, running out into the open plains and leaving their liege at the mercy of the young, but powerful lycan mage.
As Jennie had defeated her remaining opponent in a most gruesome, yet stylish fashion, she cautiously circled around the courtyard, but not approaching. She knew Max wanted to handle Vladros on his own.
The young lycan male rushed forward in a blur, and grasping Vladros' leather jacket, pulled him up to face level.
"Dude, you really are a sick puke. You are mean, you sent your son to kill me, and worst of all - you kidnapped and harmed the most important person in the world to me."
Jennie watched with rapt attention, but upon hearing Max's statement regarding her she felt a bit stunned. And a bit guilty for having been so unkind to him for such a long time.
"You murdered my son," hissed Vladros, his rancid breath nearly causing Max's eyes to water up.
"I didn't murder your son. He attacked us when we were minding our own business, relaxing under the waxing moon. But what's good for the goose is good for the gander, eh?"
"You… you mounted his head on a stake! You challenged my kingdom with that perversion," he said, still maintaining a defiant look on his rotting, malformed face.
"Well, I can explain that. You see, there's this hottie who I was trying to impress, and, well you understand how it is with girls. They just love that kind of stuff."
"You challenged me! You killed my son! I am the Alpha and the Omega!"
"Uh, no - that title belongs to someone else, but I'll give you an Omega… let's take a walk, bro."
Max moved to drag the vampire king away, but was caught off-guard when Vladros desperately thrust a clawed glove up into the young lycan's face - the glove having a rhodium coating on the palms and metal fingernails.
"Die, lycan scum! Die!" screamed the terrified vampire.
Max stopped and stood where he was, blood dripping down from where the claws had dug in. Rhodium contacting his bloodstream should have debilitated or even killed the strongest of lycans while in battle form, as was Max, but Vladros was left speechless when nothing happened - at all. Instead, in a muffled voice the young man calmly said, "Um… really?"
Pulling Vladros' gloved hand off his lightly bleeding face, and then continuing to drag the confused vampire toward the massive gate that led to the courtyard, Max brought the rotting leader up to speed on the differences between himself and typical lycans.
"That little trick doesn't work on me, oh-terrifying lord of the underworld. You see, I may be lycan, but my grandfather is a Primulus - kinda like God's right-hand, and that makes me immune to a lot of stuff. You, however, are shark bait."
Having been abandoned by his personal protection forces, Vladros looked around in vain for someone to save him, and suddenly spied Ryder Johnson. He had, up to that point, had evaded any form of conflict, and was perched on a balcony overlooking the courtyard.
"My son!" Vladros yelled, desperately thrusting his arm out toward Johnson, supplicating to the alien he had despised just moments earlier, "Come save your king! I shall give you a place at my side!"
Johnson stood where he was, wearing a sinister smirk on his face, as he displayed his middle finger to Vladros.
Exiting through the massive main gate, Max picked the struggling, screaming and defeated vampire king up over his head, and loudly called out to Krynos' aquatic pets.
"Hey Jaws! Dinnertime!"
Throwing the invading leader up high over the shark-filled moat, two massive great whites breached and shared the ghoul's body in what appeared to be a quick, mid-air kiss, and then ripped the vampire king in two, resulting in Vladros' purple, disentangled guts gruesomely hanging in mid-air for what seemed like seconds. A thunderous crash sounded through the air as the two beasts disappeared into the murky depths below.
Running back into the courtyard, Max saw Jennie looking up at where Johnson was on his balcony, her sword at the ready. The former Azul Military lieutenant had a wicked grin on his face, and shouted so loudly that practically everyone in the castle could hear his voice.
"Hey bitch! I got a new friend!" pulling Liliana up by the hair for them to see.
The little lycan girl had a look of utter panic on her tear-stained face, as Johnson dangled her over the balcony's edge. He had tracked her scent, and waited until she was in a nearby access tunnel from which he snatched her.
"Come and get her!" he yelled and then ran into the blackness of a door well, taking Liliana with him.
"He wants us to follow him, Jennie."
"Duh. He's toast," she responded.
The two lycans sprinted to the entrance of the main hall and bounded up stairs to the mezzanine level, where they tracked Johnson's and Liliana's scents, finding them in a corner, a stairwell to his back, with his oversized, dull sword up to the girl's throat.
"Drop your weapons! Surrender and come with me, Escalante. Do that and I'll let the girl free."
"You aren't gonna do that, Johnson. It's not your style," Jennie responded.
Max stared the lieutenant down and calmly said, "Johnson, let the girl go and let's work this out. I'm tired of fighting tonight. You've got some issues - a serious need for a dermatological appointment being one, but we have bigger things to deal with. There's an alien fleet heading toward-"
"Oh Ho! And you think I didn't know that?" Johnson laughed maniacally with his head tilted back, as he maintained his sword at poor Liliana's throat. "My father has been in contact with them for years! They get Azul, we get Earth, and you all die. Pretty simple, really… now drop your weapons!"
Reluctantly, Max and Jennie set their katanas on the mezzanine floor.
"Now kick them away, and lose that glove thing too!"
Jennie pulled the gauntlet off and tossed it over in Johnson's direction, as they both kicked their swords off to the side.
"Johnson, you fool," said Max, "Vrol don't share. They kill, consume and move on to their next victims. Do you really think that they'll leave Earth alone? You're an idiot."
"An idiot? I think not. So here is what we're going to do - you are going to fetch that old fool, Draagh whatshisname, and have him undo whatever it is he did to bring us to this shit hole. Then, we're taking a trip back to Azul in your ship, where I'll give it to my father and we'll retrofit some old Exodus barges with SSCC hook drives. We've already amassed quite an impressive list of emigrants who are willing to return to Earth to start over again - this time with true leadership. I'll tell you something else - if this insane place actually is the future, I'm gonna make sure it never happens. All of your wonderful friends will never be born."
"That's not going to happen, Johnson," Max informed the rotting former lieutenant.
"Ok then, the girl dies. Was nice knowing ya. Well, no - not really."
Johnson started to back away into the stairwell, and made a feigned move to slice the girl's head off with his broadsword, still intending to use her as a hostage - but he hadn't noticed something significant. As he was bragging about returning to Azul, Liliana had slowly pulled Jennie's wand out of her pocket, and had it trained on his groin area. Further, Johnson had no idea who Liliana was, or what she was capable of - she was merely a hostage he could use in order to escape.
"Kind sir," the little lycan girl said sweetly, as she looked up into Johnson's ugly face, "could I at least say good-bye to my friends?"
"Huh?"
"Electrincantatio quassatio!" screamed Liliana, her cantus frying Johnson's scrotum.
The vampire dropped his sword and screeched in agony while still maintaining a grip on the girl's shirt, and then tossed her out into the air as a barrier between his opponents and his escape. Max leaped in Liliana's direction, catching her before she hit the ground. 
Jennie growled and charged toward Johnson, who had already turned and attempted to flee up the stairwell, being slowed down by the hanging remnants of his smoking ball sack. She grabbed him by the neck before he could get halfway up to the next floor and pulled him back, with the two tumbling down the stone stairs and onto the mezzanine floor. They viciously clawed and punched at each other, with Johnson using fighting skills he had learned in the military. He was no slouch when it came to hand-to-hand combat, but he was missing something that Jennie possessed.
She was full of the most powerful emotion in the universe. Jennie was fighting with love-driven conviction, and not with hatred, as Johnson was doing. She felt wave after wave of energy course through her body, strengthening her resolve, and as she punched, kicked and clawed with Johnson, imagery quickly flashed through her mind. She recalled meeting Draagh, Max, Krynos, Donus and Liliana - the stern, yet kind face of her commanding officer who had sent her off to Old-Earth of the future, her lycan training, learning that she and Max were from the same country-state and had shared values. She saw brave Max - his awkward, smiling face, always willing to help - and their near-kiss. She felt love, and it gave her the strength to defeat her enemy.
Leaping through the air and letting out a wailing scream, she dive-tackled Johnson, and after rolling three times straddled him and started tearing at his chest and face with her enhanced claws, while clamping herself onto his lower torso with her incredibly powerful legs. Chunks of rotting vampire flesh flew through the air, as he was being mercilessly overwhelmed and disassembled by the female lycan.
Her eyes were lit like fire, as her animalistic instincts - those that lycans would train so hard to control - were unleashed in a full display of indomitable rage. Suddenly, she dug into his breast plate with the claws of both her hands, causing his face to melt into a look of absolute, final terror, and ripped his ribcage open with a sickening cracking sound, exposing his heart and lungs. Jennie quickly rammed her clawed hand into his pectoral cavity, and tore out his beating heart while he still retained consciousness. Without waiting another second she stuffed it into his mouth, dislocating his lower jaw in the process. Then, turning around she commanded, "Lili! Gauntlet! Now!"
The little girl deftly picked up the gauntlet by her feet and tossed it to her best friend and protector, watching as Jennie quickly donned the impressive metal glove and then started to pound Johnson's skull into the cold stone of the floor. She pummeled it over and over again, causing blood to spurt in all directions. As she increased the speed of her punches, her arm became a blur, the woman slamming the metal gauntlet's fist into his face like an Old-Earth jackhammer. Automated nervous responses caused his to body jerk and spasm; his limbs flapping wildly about until nothing remained of his head but a puddle of pus, blood, bone shards and rotting gray matter.
"Oh shit…  Jennie!" exclaimed the little girl. "That was so cool! We have the best girls club ever!"
Liliana shot her fists in the air and yelped in delight. Lycan children were generally not timid when it came to scenes of gore, and Liliana took an almost unsettling pleasure in Jennie's decimation of their enemy's skull - but then again, the little girl had roasted his testicles, and was quite proud of her contribution.
The victorious lycan let out a piercing howl, and then looked down at the mess she had made.
"And I let you win at billiards, asshole," she said with a hateful glare at where his head used to be. A spent Jennie then looked back at her friends while morphing to her day form.
"Yeah, Liliana. That was pretty… cool."
Collapsing into unconsciousness, Jennie fell over sideways, having completely depleted her reserves.

###

Groggily opening her eyes, Jennie found she was lying down with her head resting on something very comfortable, which ended up being Max's lap. As her vision focused and cleared, she saw his smiling face looking down at her, and above him, Liliana, Draagh and a number of lycans, including Krynos and Donus, now all in their day forms. Krynos peered over and looked down at her, with a great, broad smile.
"My sister! You awaken! I must say, I saw your great artistry in the mezzanine. Spectacular! I should want that you teach my troops how to deal such damage to a vampire!" 
Max just sat there, using his fingers to comb out her black locks, while looking at her with the most amazing visage, his head seeming to be surrounded by a halo of light - she thought he looked like an angel, and in a manner of speaking he was one - well, half of one, at least.
"You feeling ok, Jen?" he asked, continuing to stroke her thick, beautiful mane.
"Yeah, a bit weak, but ok. What happened?"
"My dear, you passed out! Tanked! You depleted all of your resources while vaporizing the face of the arrogant fool who traveled to this world with us," exclaimed Draagh as he puffed away on his pipe, which caused Donus and Krynos to wave their hands around in a vain attempt to dissipate the aromatic fragrances of his beloved herb.
"But… is everyone alright?" She looked over a bit and saw Liliana, who was waiting to speak with her.
"Oh Jennie, I am so glad that you shit the bad vampire!"
Liliana then looked at Max with an expectant smile, waiting for approval on her sentence structure, to which he kindly replied, "Honey, as time goes on you'll get the hang of it."
Jennie just managed a weak grin, knowing she had lost the battle to keep Liliana from swearing. Attempting to sit up, Max gave her a bit of help, and looking around, she saw dozens of lycans and a few remaining normals milling about, picking up vampire corpses and carting them off to be food for the guardians of the moat. Lieutenant Roy's battle group had already departed from the castle grounds, dispatching the vampire fugitives as they attempted to escape via the woods past the open plains to the north, being considerably slowed down by the rising sun. Various servants went by with plates of food, enabling the victors to replenish their reserves.
Max held a still weak Jennie's plate for her while she nibbled on some venison.
"Did… did we lose anyone? Is everyone safe?"
"All are well, my dear girl," stated Draagh, "except for Kangor getting shot with a palladium arrow, we suffered no lycan casualties. However, a number of normals lost their lives in defense of the castle."
"Yes, I shall visit with their families tomorrow and bring them tales of great feats and ultimate sorrow," Krynos said while keeping his voice low.
"And… all the vampires? Did I kill Johnson? Is… he dead?"
"Oh yeah, Jennie, he's definitely dead. Well, unless vampires can live without heads… or brains… or hearts," said Max, "and we're gonna spend the next two weeks just trying to clean the spot on the floor where you pounded him."
"No! We shall leave the stain, albeit without the stench of rotting flesh, as a reminder to any who enter this castle uninvited in the future. None shall invade and leave with their lives," exclaimed Krynos, in a louder voice, and again smiling and looking around. He then barked out some orders to staffers who continued to clean up the corpses and piles of ash, while Donus raced off to coordinate the efforts.
"My dear young lady," said Draagh, "when we first met, I knew that you would be formidable, but I had no idea that you would partake in such wanton violence. Oh my, it was quite impressive. Quite impressive, indeed."
The old mage, being quite satisfied with his addition to the conversation, went back to puffing on his pipe, much to the chagrin of those close by.
"Jennie," said Max, "I'm just glad you're safe. You kicked ass… and YOU, Liliana, you saved us all! I am really proud of you too!"
Liliana blushed, her little pigtails bouncing as she rocked back and forth on her heels and toes while twiddling her thumbs behind her back. 
As Jennie was helped up to a standing position, she looked around to see that there was no major damage to the castle -  Vladros had arrived with the intent of murdering everyone there and leaving the structure intact for his own personal occupation, hence the lack of pyrotechnics or massive catapults hurling giant boulders at the walls. His confident arrogance was truly his undoing.
"Liliana, will you help me get Jennie to her quarters?" Max asked the young lycan girl.
"Oh certainly, Max…. and Max?"
"Yes?"
"Would you like to join our girls club? It really is quite fun!"
"Well, I think girls clubs are only for girls… aren't they?"
Jennie gently took Max's arm and guided it around her lower back for support, as she put her arm up over his shoulder.
"Max, I think Liliana and I could use another member. She's right - it really is fun. Ever zapped a cat before?"

	
Chapter 27 - Celebration

After having cleaned up and slept for a number of hours, Jennie awoke to see the sun near setting over the horizon as the moon waned on the opposite side of the sky. As she relaxed in her plush bed she heard light snoring next to her, that coming from Liliana, whom she had let have a sleep over. She watched the amazing child and wondered why no one had ever claimed her. Brushing the girl's bangs out of her face, she thought she would give her a bit of a haircut when she had the time. It made her sad that she would be leaving their world soon, but they had their own planet to protect.
Maybe I can visit again one day, she thought as she slid out of bed and tried to figure out what she would wear for the party that night.
Suddenly, an idea came to her. She rushed to her wardrobe, pulling out the white leather battle outfit that Draagh had given her - the one that had started out as a ceremonial Azul military uniform, and then had been converted to a tango dress.
Holding it to her face, she concentrated, "Draagh, are you there? Hey, does this thing still work?"
"Jennie! What a pleasure to hear your voice. I assume that you slept well, my child?"
"Yes, quite. Thank you, but I'm afraid I have nothing decent to wear to the feast tonight."
"Oh dear, are you telling me that you own indecent clothing? I would have never thought."
"Draaaaagh! I didn't mean that. What I mean is - can you set me up with something…stunning? I mean to ask a certain guy to dance."
There was a momentary silence, and when Jennie was just about to think out his name again, Draagh responded, "Of course my dear! Of course! What color do you prefer? Tell me what it is you would like."
As Draagh and Jennie continued their telepathic visit, Liliana sat up, stretching and yawning as she looked out the window, noticing it was the end of the day.
"Oh no, Jennie! We missed breakfast! We were going to eat breakfast together!" to which she made a sad, pouty little face.
Jennie finished her silent conversation with her mentor and teacher, and then sat down on the edge of the bed while ruffling up the girl's hair, and then trying to put it back into place.
"I have something better! We're going to a party - how does that sound?"
"I am to attend a party?" she asked excitedly, but then appeared to become a bit sad.
"I've never been… and, I have no pretty dresses."
"Aw, don't you worry, sweety. I already set us both up with something to wear. Now, the party isn't for a few hours, so let's grab something to eat, ok?"
"Ok! Yay!"
The two quickly dressed and left Jennie's room, with the older of the two seeing something colorful out of the corner of her eye.  As they moved down the hallway Jennie looked back, only to see the pink ribbon that her little friend had tacked to her door. She barely noticed it before, having been so preoccupied with the preparations for the full moon, and was almost completely concentrating on herself.

The child probably has nothing, yet she gave me that.

Jennie was suddenly overwhelmed with sentiment, and turned her head slightly so that her young friend wouldn't see any potential tears. After recovering and controlling her emotional near-outburst, she smiled and took the little girl's hand, going to the mess hall - having made a decision that would change her life.

###

Max woke up, rolled over and almost fell out of his bed, being so close to the edge. Grabbing the large post of the great wooden frame, he steadied himself and then sat up straight. He had eaten a bit before going to sleep, but was famished and wanted to have a snack before getting ready for the party.
He went to his washbowl to splash some water on his face, but stopped and looked at himself in the mirror. He had somewhat changed since arriving in the Rhönen Dominion. His face was a bit more chiseled, especially around the jaw, and his chest and shoulders had expanded out quite well. Best of all, his stomach was a rock. He was never more fit in his entire life, even though he was always naturally strong for his size. He ran his hands over his well-defined abdominal muscles, impressed with their formation. All of the abdominal workouts he had done in his life never got him the results he was looking at in the mirror. He clumsily tried to fix his hair, which hadn't been that length since he was a youth, always having kept it regulation-short and befitting of a military officer during his adult years. Now it was longer and tended to hang in his face, but he rather liked his new look.

Must be all the protein I've been consuming, he thought to himself.

Not knowing what he was going to wear for the party, he went to pull out the dress whites that Draagh had conjured for Donus' birthday party, but was shocked to see an attractive blue leather outfit, made of a soft, almost metallic-looking scaled hide with which he was unfamiliar. It had a v-neck a v-neck collar and appeared to have been exquisitely tailored. Best of all, the jacket and trousers fit him like a glove.

"Draagh, did you make this for me?" Max thought, mentally calling out to the old mage.

He listened, but his grandfather didn't answer.

###

Out on an open, grassy field walked an immortal being - someone as old as time itself - heading toward a collection of trees. There was smoke from a campfire wafting up through the leaves, and the smell of freshly cooked hares permeated the air.
Looking up at him from her seated position on a fallen log was the recently banished Alea.
"Alea, how good it is to see you, my dear," said the old mage.
"Hullo, Draagh. I assume you defeated Vladros' forces?" she rhetorically inquired.
"Yes, oh yes. We did indeed, yes, but may I ask… how did you learn of Vladro's attack? You were not privy to that information earlier, were you?"
"Oh no. Not at all… I happened to run into someone after the attack had already begun. He was quite… quick to spill the beans."
She then looked at her former lover with intense sadness, as her eyes welled up a bit.
"I do not know why I did what I did. It was like I was…"
"Yes my dear, I know. You were being controlled - in more ways than one. Although Siegfried was only a minor-mage, and not a very good one at that, he did excel in the art of suggestion."
Alea wiped her eyes and busied herself, as she took a cast iron pot off the fire, stirring the stew within that she had recently crafted.
"I only wish I could go back and correct my mistakes. That poor girl… what did I do?"
"The heart easily leads us astray, as it relies not on logic, nor reason, but on illogical emotion."
Alea bowed her head, saying, "There is no hope for me, then. Oh, the water has come to a boil. Would you care for a cup of chamomile?"
"That sounds wonderful. There is nothing quite like a cup of late-afternoon tea while watching the beautiful sun set out here in the wilderness."
He gazed out at the beautiful landscape as Alea prepared them their afternoon beverages. Accepting his cup and taking a sip, he continued, "You do make a fine cup of tea, my dear."
"You flatter a poor woman. It is but a cup of tea, nothing more."
They finished their tea, with Alea offering him some hare stew, which he declined in polite fashion, not wanting to spoil his appetite as the hour of dinner approached. He then told her of the battle, and how a little lycan girl disobeyed orders and saved the entire castle through her actions. Alea was especially happy to hear of Jennie's brutal slaying of Ryder Johnson, and also of Max's defeat of the vampire king.
"While we were in our cells I could feel her strength. She was fearless and confident, even after having received such brutal treatment at the hands of those rotting pigs." Then, looking down to the ground, with complete remorse she said, "I should have been put to death - to betray one such as her deserves no less."
Draagh gave her a kindly expression that didn't abandon his air of sadness at her misfortune. He did feel for her, but all must make choices in her life - and she chose most unwisely.
After finishing their tea, Draagh stood up and stretched a bit, only to have his eyes meet with Alea's.
"My Lord, there is something I wish for you to see."
She didn't look as sad anymore - it was more like she had business to attend to.
"And what would that be, my dear lady?"
Alea motioned for the old mage to follow her, as she walked to a grouping of trees 200 meters away. As they approached, he detected the stench of death permeating the air in the small wooded area. It was the scent of finality. Moving some tree branches, she exposed the fly-infested body of Siegfried, badly mauled but still recognizable, wearing a frozen look of terror, with the meat on his legs nearly stripped clean.
"I should bury him, unless, perhaps you could perform some magic and turn him to dust?"
"Ah no, my dear. I shall transport him back to the castle, where Krynos shall hear of your deeds, and to know that you have obtained retribution. May I ask - did he approach you, or did you hunt him?"
"The latter, my Lord - he ruined my life, so I gave him the gift of death."
"Was it quick, my dear?"
"No, not at all - he was still alive and conscious when I started eating his second thigh, although he was screaming," she responded with a complete lack of emotion.
Draagh raised his eyebrows and pulled out his pipe, lighting it and looking out at the open western plains as Siegfried's corpse lay still, with only the chirping of birds and the buzzing of flies disturbing the peaceful tranquility of their surroundings.
"My dear, I realize that you were not at fault for what happened. Siegfried was a manipulative traitor and a fool, and he is now most deservedly dead."
Draagh looked down at the corpse, and then returned to his pipe and thoughtful gaze out over the open plains.
"Yes, he is quite dead. There is no doubt about that, but let me ask you this - if you had the chance to start your life again - to make amends for your errors, but perhaps somewhere else, where things were familiar but you were unknown, would you do it?"
"It is but a dream, but yes, my Lord. I would."
"Then stand up, my dear. Let us take a walk."
Draagh and Alea walked back to her campsite where he instructed her to gather any clothing she had, as she would not need the rest of her items. Finishing that, they went out to an open area where he waved his hand and created an infoscreen. Almost immediately afterwards, Socrates appeared and floated by, waiting to assist. Alea looked on, wearing a face of complete awe as the sentient mage intelligence access portal had a quiet conversation with his master. After a short while the preparations were complete and Draagh was ready to present Alea with a parting gift - a form of thanks for her company during the cold nights, and for her service to his friend's crown for so many long years.
Draagh put his arm around her shoulder and set his staff to the ground, causing lightning to shoot out and a massive sphere of energy to surround them. A thundering boom signified their departure.
Alea looked around, startled, as it appeared they were back in the castle courtyard - most certainly where she was not allowed to be, as she had suffered Krynos' eternal and irrevocable banishment. People she had known all her life were walking around, going about their duties with not even one seeming to recognize her.
Draagh merely looked at her and said, "Follow me please, my lady."
As they walked toward the courtyard square she hurriedly whispered in his ear, "Are we invisible? No one pays notice to our…oh no."
"Ahhhh, Draagh, my good friend! Excellent to see you!"
Krynos approached the couple as Alea stopped, frozen in place, wearing a look of absolute helplessness and almost believing she had been betrayed yet again. For one to return after banishment was to invite death under lycan law, and she had neither desire to die on that particular day, nor any time in the near future.
"Krynos, my brother. It is also good to see you! I have brought a friend. Alea please meet Krynos, king of the Rhönen Dominion. He is a great friend of mine, and I have brought you here as I feel this place is best suited to your abilities."
Terrified and completely confused, Alea played along and nervously curtsied to the king and said, "My Lord, it is my honor."
Krynos gazed upon the woman, appraising her stunning features. "Ah, my dear. A woman as beautiful as you should not be nervous in my presence. All are welcome in my kingdom," and turning back to Draagh, he asked, "My friend, what else brings you to my castle?"
"Well, I am short of time, as pressing matters are at hand, but you see, it was quite a sad series of events. Alea is from the other side of the continent, and a cabal of cannibals ravaged her village. I managed to arrive in time to save a few of the poor souls from loss of reason, and found her hiding under the blacksmith's lifeless body. So, being without a home and suffering from temporary memory loss, she needed a new land in which to proffer her skills. I brought her to the only place where I knew she would be well taken care of. You see - she not only has excellent abilities in training new lycans, but also with waking team duties. I learned this by reading the village mayor's documentation. As an added benefit, she retains sapience in death form, which can be useful during the full moon. I do believe she can fill you in on the rest… once she has recovered, of course."
Krynos gave Alea a kindly grin, while conveying an air of strength and understanding for her supposed loss.
"My dear lady, your talents would be most welcome here. Please wait while I fetch one of my commanders - he shall guide you to your quarters. At tonight's feast in the honor of the birthday of my top commander, Donus, I would like to hear stories of your adventures. That is, if your memory serves you. If not, it will simply be a pleasure to have you in our company."
Draagh smiled, and looked upon the perplexed face of his former lover, but then turned to Krynos.
"My friend, before you depart to call upon your aide, I would like to ask - did you take my advice and rid yourself of that troublesome minor-mage, Siegfried?"
"Of course! The fool was to betray us at the full moon! His lifeless body now fertilizes the earth. So welcome is your advice, good friend. Now, if you will excuse me, I shall return in a moment."
Krynos walked off, his large frame casting a shadow in his wake, leaving Draagh and Alea alone as he called out to someone from across the courtyard.
"Draagh, how can this be? What has happened here? Did you use your magic and cause their minds to forget? Have you changed them so? It cannot be that I am again the cause of some form of suffering - please, change them back and take me from this place…"
"Oh no, my dear. In this world, you - that is, Alea was never born. It is a new world - different, yet similar - and it is yours. I suggest you treat it and your new companions well."
Struggling to understand, she responded, "Krynos shall ask me to recount tales of my adventures at tonight's feast. What shall I say?"
"Improvise, my dear, improvise. I just stated that you have suffered a bit of memory loss, so that should give you sufficient time to craft an elaborate backstory, or to simply have permanent memory loss - that is up to you, my dear. Now, if you'll excuse me… ah, here returns Krynos now - with someone in tow."
Draagh looked out over the courtyard, seeing the kindly lycan king bowing to passing females, as was his nature. He had lost his wife some centuries before and had remained without a mate, preferring to take delight in the romantic good fortunes of others. Draagh gently kissed Alea on her forehead, and both then turned to watch Krynos return with the one who would assist the woman with her new home.
"Alea, I would like for you to meet one of my most trusted officers. It is he who shall arrange for your lodging and duties."
The woman looked upon a familiar face she believed she would never see again.
"My Lord, the pleasure is mine," she said, as she bowed, trying to contain her smile - and a small tear in the corner of her eye.
3rd Captain Morgus gazed upon the new arrival with a bold focus, saying, "Please, my lady. None as beautiful as you should bow to one such as me. I am but a soldier, while you are… the future. Welcome."
Alea turned and looked around in all directions, but could not see Draagh anywhere.

He had left her to a new beginning.

###

The main hall was already filled to maximum capacity when Max arrived, wearing his tailored suit of leather, which garnered him looks of admiration from not only single women but also assorted soldiers. As he descended the stairs from the mezzanine he scanned the crowd, looking for Jennie and his grandfather. He then looked at the end of the hall and saw Draagh, seated at the high table with Krynos and Donus, with them all obviously enjoying a conversation of some sort. Resigning himself to take a place among the quickly disappearing seating on the main floor, he suddenly heard Krynos call out to him.
"Max, my son! You are to sit at the high table this evening. Please! Come!"
Max looked up to see Draagh also motioning him to approach, so he made his way to the elevated stage and bound up the small number of stairs, graciously taking a seat at his grandfather's side.
"King Krynos, when does the celebration officially begin?" asked Max as he looked out over the crowd, still not seeing Jennie anywhere.
"My boy, in but moments. We only wait upon two more who shall join us."
Two more?
His thoughts were interrupted when he saw Jennie and Liliana entering the hall, wearing matching, single shoulder pink dresses, beautifully tailored, with the older one's outfit tightly hugging the perfect curvature of her body. Liliana's dress, although equally beautiful, was more fit to the innocence of a child. The little girl's face was drawn into a look of awe, as her eyes darted around the room. It was not often that a youngling was invited to a celebration of any sort, and more certainly not orphans, as they had no sponsors to escort them.
Seeing the two girls enter, Max's jaw dropped, with the girls eliciting a similar response from both Krynos and Donus. Draagh sat at the table with a grin as he played a bit with his long, braided mustache, his cherished pipe at the ready, and watching as all of his plans came to fruition.
As Jennie and Liliana walked down the main aisle, soldiers and females alike came to a hushed silence. All were aware of their good deeds, and the entire Rhönen Dominion had a great deal to be thankful for.
After approaching the stage Jennie and Liliana bowed to their king, and then to Donus, Draagh and Max. Liliana then delicately curtseyed while wearing a giant smile, trying not to look around too much at the massive throngs of her older lycan brothers and sisters.
Krynos slowly stood to speak, causing the hall to become quiet, as everyone saw his massive frame rise up from the high table. The king then motioned for the two lovely lycans to join him at his side, prompting Jennie to lead Liliana up the stairs, hand in hand. After the two had taken their seats (with Liliana poking her head up in order to get a better view), Krynos began to address the crowd.
"My brothers and sisters. Tonight we celebrate the victory of The Battle of the Blood, as I have named it due to the copious amounts of vital fluids that flowed within the castle walls - some of it sadly coming from our own. Although we were attacked during our monthly hours of weakness, against insurmountable odds we defeated the forces of Vladros, who could only invade while hiding behind a veil of cowardice. In the past we have had many battles, and during those battles we have suffered losses - sometimes losses so great we believed we might never recover, but we forged on. We regrouped, improved our defenses and became yet stronger than ever before."
Surveying his beloved brothers, sisters and subjects, he felt his eyes water a bit, but picked up his golden goblet and continued.
"Seventeen normals that had volunteered to defend their king and castle were sadly taken from this world. Tomorrow I shall travel to their village and meet with their families, and as is stated in the law, provide them with an honorarium of gold that should keep them comfortable for the rest of their lives. Further, a beloved sister betrayed us, although she did so unwittingly, and for that we are sad, but the law states that there must be a punishment for betrayal. As king, I must uphold our laws, as they are just. A nation without laws is simply a nation of men - men who can change the laws to fit their needs, and this always leads to tyranny. As king, I am also charged with meting out the punishment for those violations, and so, as Alea was such a beloved sister, and due to the fact that she committed her dastardly act while not being of right mind, I chose to banish her from our lands instead of terminating her existence."
After having watched and listened to every word coming out of the lycan king's mouth, Max leaned over to his grandfather and whispered, "Hey Draagh, Alea's going to be ok, isn't she?"
Max's grandfather patted the young man on the back, and responded to his grandson, "My son, she will be just fine. In fact, I believe she has already found another home - and a chance to atone for her errors."
Krynos continued with his speech while raising his goblet, to which everyone in the hall followed, also raising their drinking vessels.
"To our sister, Alea. May she find that which she seeks, and hopefully a better life elsewhere."
Everyone in the hall (except Jennie) raised their goblets of mead yet higher, and a rumbling murmur sounded out.
"To Alea."
Then, after everyone had taking sufficient swallows of their mead, Krynos looked at the guests at the high table, where he first addressed Liliana, who sat with wide eyes and a giant smile, expecting nothing but appreciating everything.
"Young Liliana - you who have been with our family for but a few, short years. You whose parents were so tragically taken from you - you have shown skill, bravery and wisdom beyond your limited time among us. I thank you, my dear child, as your precocious mannerisms prompted you to disobey the monthly hiding and seek out your new friend and protector, while saving many lives in the process."
Krynos looked away from Liliana, and out on to the crowd as he continued, "My brothers and sisters, although stories have already been passed on of this girl's bravery, I would like to tell you a bit about what she did, and how she possibly saved this kingdom. You see, she snuck out of her kennel, and then, navigating through the maze of ventilation tunnels in the castle, made her way down into the sub-basement and used magic to assist both Max and Jennie, bringing them to their forms of reason, so that they could enter into the fray of battle and help to defeat the enemy. Not only that, I heard that she has become quite skilled as a pseudo-mage, and managed to incinerate the egg sack of a particularly wicked vampire."
The crowd roared with approving laughter and broke out into applause, as Liliana blushed slightly and waved to the cheering masses. Krynos put up his hand to silence the crowd, and turning to Liliana, continued, but this time speaking to the child.
"Dear Liliana. It is with the utmost gratitude that I thank you. I have spoken with my brother - our brother - Draagh, and he has assured me that you will receive magical training of the highest order. Further, as soon as your small frame shall allow, you will be placed in training to learn the arts of battle. I do believe that the time has come for us to increase our ranks with those of the fairer sex. Your friend Jennie has shown us that it is something that needs to be done."
He turned back out to the crowd, and with a kind smile said, "Now that we all know of her great deeds and service to the kingdom, I should ask if there is anyone who would claim this child, as she is most deserved of a family."
Liliana, the orphan child, who just days prior had no one and nothing to look forward to in life, except for maybe becoming a castle servant, looked out to the crowd, her small mouth open in awe, as almost everyone in the hall stood up and raised their arms. Numerous couples stood together, holding hands, wanting to accept the girl into their family. Some already had pups, and others had yet to procreate, or were simply barren. Liliana would have a family, no matter the outcome.
Max leaned back, and looking behind the backs of everyone at the high table, whispered to the young girl, "Hey Liliana. I told you that you had a great family!"
She looked back at Max as a tear rolled down her small cheek.
Then, surprising everyone (except possibly Draagh), Jennie burst up out of her chair and loudly proclaimed, "I claim this child. I claim her as my daughter."
Max leaned over to his grandfather and went to speak, but Draagh silenced the young man with a hand on his shoulder and a meaningful glance.
Looking at the little girl who was barely able to see over the top of the high table, Jennie reached down and picked her up, standing her on her large chair.
"Liliana. Would you choose me? You have all of these great people to choose from, but I honestly cannot see going through the rest of my life without having you in it. I want to be your mother. Please, be my daughter."
Liliana was frozen in place, stunned. She stared at Jennie for a moment, and then tears started streaming down her small, round face. She gazed up into the older woman's eyes, seeing a hopeful expression, when she threw her arms around Jennie's neck and whispered to her.
"I dreamed of you being my mother. Yes Jennie, I would only choose you, and I will try to not say those swear words anymore. I promise."
The crowd broke out into cheers and applause as the two girls hugged each other closely.

Their bond had been initiated by the child's good nature, and strengthened by her fearless actions during the night. But it had been sealed with a tiny pink ribbon on a door.

Krynos put his hands up, silencing the crowd, and began to speak yet again.
"Excellent! Now, that we have taken care of that, I would like to address the beautiful warrior, and now mother, standing by my side. Jennie Escalante - you came to us to learn, but have already taught us much. Your valiant efforts, as well as your excellent skills in battle have brought new hope to our kingdom. We are very grateful, and as I stated before, the stain you created in the mezzanine where once lie the mashed skull of an enemy most insidious shall forevermore be cordoned off, and left as an example to those who would bring their vile filth inside these castle walls."
Polite applause mildly interrupted the lycan king, most having heard of Jennie's decisive defeat of Ryder Johnson.
"Jennie, while I did not witness the fight, I was told that the speed in which you liquefied your enemy's brain was most impressive. I would only ask that you train our warriors to do the same. And, as I am aware that you and your companion Max must eventually return to the world of your birth, please know that this is also your home, and that you are welcome here - always."
Expecting a verbal response from the stunning lycan woman, who was looking unusually delicate in her modern, pink dress, Krynos was surprised as the two girls turned and threw their arms around his massive trunk, hugging him tightly. At first slightly set back with an astounded look on his face, he wrapped his massive arms around them both and lowered his head with a gentle smile. The girls then moved back to their chairs and Jennie addressed the crowd. She was not one to give speeches - she was more prone to action, but the overwhelming collective emotion of the event prompted her to bring words to her lips.
"Um, everyone… I really want to thank you all. You see, I come from a place where things are different. We don't have to build fires, or fix tables, or even make training targets. We have little machines that run around and clean up our floors. Before coming here I had never seen a broom. People in my world call themselves advanced. We fly among the stars in the sky, protecting our four worlds from anything that would seek to destroy our way of life. But here, I have found this way of life more advanced than any technology can provide. The truth is that I really, really love this place - and appreciate the things we must do to help each other. Plus, I like beating up the bad guys."
The crowd cheered loudly and would have started in the revelry of throwing various objects, had it not been for the fact that Jennie had not finished speaking.
"I've made new friends, and new family - family I never had before, and for that I am most grateful." Then, turning to Krynos, she said, "My liege, as time permits I shall be honored to assist in the training the of soldiers of the Rhönen. I thank you for your most kind gesture of offering me yet another home. Liliana and I will return frequently, as I have a feeling we will be able to use the skills of a certain young lycan mage to facilitate our travels."
Looking down the table at Max, she smiled and gave him a wink while crowd broke out into applause, with Krynos again trying to quiet them.
"Thank you, Jennie, my dear girl. Nothing pleases me more than to hear your words. However, in order to train our forces, one must have a military title, and so I hereby commission you as Lieutenant Commander Jennifer Escalante, of the Rhönen Dominion Special Forces Group."
Jennie bowed deeply to Krynos while Liliana bounced in her chair, clapping her small hands. The two then took their seats, and Krynos looked over to Max, who was seated on the other side of his grandfather.
"Maximilianus Xavier Gunnarsson - he who terminated the line of Vladros, and along with his intrepid allies helped to save the Rhönen Dominion - I have one question to ask. Did the sharks really rend Vladros into halves?"
Laughter filled the main hall as a smiling Max nodded his head, looking around awkwardly.
"My boy, my son, my brother. Thank you so much for your unwavering support. Since your arrival to our kingdom we have witnessed feats of battle skill and magical wonders never before seen emanating out of one man at the same time.  Your grandfather has informed me that you shall be a truly powerful mage one day, and that goodness reigns in your heart. As I offered to Jennie, I also offer to you - a place in our kingdom to call your home - and also a title, so it is with the greatest pride that I hereby grant you the commission of the rank of Commander of the Rhönen Dominion Special Forces, to serve at will along side your lovely companion, Jennie."
Max smiled and stood up before the crowd, but before saying anything leaned back and looked to Donus, as he mouthed, "Commander?" to which Donus grinned and replied, "Oh, I also received a promotion, young lad, but it is your night. Enjoy the festivities."
Max looked out at the quickly hushing room and spoke to the Dominion.
"King Krynos, with immense gratitude I accept your commission. As Jennie had stated before, we are from a distant world, but this one suits me better. Much better. I don't know if it was fate or destiny, but at this moment I could not be happier. Thank you, everyone - thank you."
The crowd jumped to their feet and gave Max a standing ovation, which caused his typically awkward face to break out into a blush, being such a modest individual. Always putting others first, the appreciated him for who he truly was - a hero. Looking down the table to where Jennie and Liliana were seated, he saw the beautiful dega blow him a kiss, which gave him butterflies in his stomach. His relationship with Jennie was difficult, and even though they depended on each during times of battle, he couldn't help but think she viewed him more like a sibling than anything else.
"Brothers! Sisters! Let us begin the feast!" cried out Krynos, as Draagh stood up and slammed his staff to the stage floor, this time having made sure that his cantuses were in proper order.
Everyone was suddenly provided with meats and delicacies saved for special occasions, and even wines from another world - specifically malbec - a red wine from a variety of grape made famous in Argentina of Old-Earth, and reinstated on the European continent of its origin some centuries later.
As everyone dug into their food, Max noticed that Jennie was eating with a fork and knife, apparently having mastered the utensils, and Liliana watched her with rapt interest as she tried to copy her adoptive mother.
"Draagh - thanks. I don't know what to say besides that. I guess one day I'll find a better way to show my appreciation."
"My dear son, it is I who should thank you, but we do have to one day leave this world and take care of business on Azul. However, you shall be able to return here at any time of your choosing in the future."
"Why did you stop me when I was going to say something about Jennie claiming Liliana? Is there more I should know?"
"Well, the girl will need a surname, and the law here states that children must take the surname of their father - and as she has no father, I figured it would be best to let it, how shall I say, rest for the time being."
Max got a mildly confused expression and went back to eating his dinner. Just because he had a genius-level intellect didn't mean he would always see what was staring him directly in the face. Sometimes the most obvious things are hidden in plain sight.
Nibbling away at some delicious grouse, he saw a hand slide a shot glass in front of his plate. He looked over to see Draagh smiling, holding Max's half-empty bottle of Glennfidich in his hand.
"My son, would you mind if we shared this with Krynos?"
"The whisky! I forgot all about it…  and no… not at all. I mean… you could simply conjure another one up as needed, right?"
"Yes, my boy, but this one is special, as you discovered it at the beginning of this most wonderful adventure."
Max then lifted his shot glass, and looking over at a smiling Krynos, threw it back in one swallow - that first shot of the evening always bringing on a warm sensation in the stomach, followed by a delicious dulling of the mind.

The party started to ramp up, beginning with the usual tabletop game, Lycan Jenga, as Max had named it. He even joined in, deftly avoiding being smashed in the face by using combinations of quick movements and cantus shields. As medieval-style music played, Jennie and Liliana danced together, prancing around in circles, while waving long, trailing red ribbons through the air. Krynos, Donus and Draagh laughed boisterously as the main hall shook with the massive stomping of lycan soldiers who were performing a type of synchronized line dance, particular to the Dominion. Max worked the room, visiting with tables and recounting the tale of the Battle of the Blood on demand. After a while, Jennie approached Krynos and asked for permission to change the music up a bit, to which the king readily agreed, remembering the tango dance at Donus' birthday celebration.
Looking at Draagh, she gave him a sweet smile and said, "My Lord, if you could play a particular song, I would greatly appreciate it." She then ran up and whispered the song name in his ear, causing him to smile and nod approvingly.
Conjuring an infoscreen, he performed a quick search with Jennie looking over his shoulder, and changed the music most suddenly (and much to the surprise of the small musical group), causing everyone to stop in their tracks. Some expected, and hoped for, another tango dance, but Jennie had something else in mind. As the stunning woman approached the semi-cleared out area in the middle of the main hall, Draagh pushed out both of his hands, and then separated them, lightly prompting everyone to take their seats (those seats which remained, as Lycan Jenga tended to deplete furniture rather quickly).
Jennie sauntered out to the center, as a mirrored light ball magically appeared, rotating slowly and projecting reflected light throughout the room. Liliana looked at the lights with an almost silent "ooooo", and the crowd quieted down. A beautiful song, accompanied by a rich symphony of instruments, began to play over invisible speakers at perfect volume. Jennie looked over to where Max was standing, as he had been caught amidst a large group of rather demanding soldiers, all desiring to hear the story of Vladros' defeat over and over again.
"Commander Gunnarsson… would you dance with me?"
Max stood where he was, shocked, and then slowly approached the girl waiting for him within view of the entire Rhönen Dominon leadership and military.
"This is unexpected," he murmured, "a slow dance?"
"Mmhmm. You got it, boy."
He gently placed his right hand around the small of her back and clasped her right hand with his left, guiding her through the melody of the song, which was quite famous in Old-Earth of the early 21st century.
As they slowly spun about the floor, Liliana started making sparkles at the high table with Jennie's wand - now hers - as Draagh looked on with great interest, seeing a bit more than pseudo-mage in the youngster.
He leaned over to Krynos, who was watching the attractive young couple dance, and asked, "My Lord, tell me about Liliana's parents. They were both lycan, were they not?"
"Yes my friend. Quite a sad tale, also - they were the very last to murder each other in their death forms before we implemented the system of phase-detecting locks on the cells."
"Hmm, and neither had magical skills?"
"No, but the father of the mother of her mother was a mage. However, this did not pass along to his offspring. Why do you ask? Does it appear that the girl has some innate skills?"
"A simple blood test will tell me all I need to know. Anyway, thank you, my friend."
The two powerful men then sat back and shared some more of the delicious Scotch whisky from Old-Earth of the 29th century.
Jennie had wrapped her arms around Max's neck near the end of the song, each of the two looking into the other's eyes. When they first met she tried to shoot him in the face with her stinger. Now she couldn't imagine ever hurting him in any way. She had come to the conclusion that he truly was a wonderful man, and she was glad she gave him the chance to show her the errors of her ways - and opinions.
"You know, Gunnarsson, I am super glad that this all happened. I mean, we have a lot more to do, but I think my life has changed for the better. How about you?"
"Yeah - best life ever, Jen. Best life ever."
As the dance ended to polite applause, with the attendees being unusually well behaved, Max looked up to Draagh and thought out to his grandfather, "Hey, can I choose some songs now? It's time to get this party rolling."
"Of course, my son. The infoscreen is yours."
Max reached his hand out, and Draagh's glowing infoscreen, which had been floating off to his side, shot through the air and stopped at Max's fingertips, causing some "oos" and "aahs" in the crowd. Then, looking at Jennie with an impish grin, he said, "Let's watch these guys move."
"Oh God, Max, what are you going to do?"
Her question was rhetorical, as throughout the weeks she had come to know the more mischievous side of his nature. Max then called out to the audience while waving his hands, his blue leather suit shining in the sparkle of the disco ball lights.
"My brothers and sisters. At Donus' birthday, Jennie and I performed an ancient dance from the land of our ancestors, but tonight we shall all perform together. I have selected some music from Old-Earth, from centuries before we even existed, that I feel would be fitting for a lycan celebration."
Max tapped some data into the infoscreen, and started playing a song by a man named Zombie, which had a particular heavy, driving beat. The young lycan mage then started jumping up and down, pounding his boots on the floor waving his arms around, calling his lycan brothers to join him. Jennie cleared off the dance floor, not wanting to be caught in the massive crowd of soldiers - soldiers who were getting their first experience at what was called slam dancing. It was almost immediately that things - and people - started to fly across the room, as tables and chairs were upended, true to a lycan celebration.
Up on the mezzanine, Alfie, the castle's master carpenter, looked down at the riotous commotion, and shaking his head turned to his apprentice, saying, "I do believe we shall have a great deal of work in the coming weeks, lad." He then sighed and continued to watch the mayhem below.
To Jennie's shock and dismay, Liliana jumped down from the high table and headed for the dance floor while waving sparkles in the air from her wand. Curiously, nothing touched the small girl. Draagh had created a protective cantus that enveloped her, following her every movement. Looking over at Jennie, he waved his finger around while maintaining a knowing grin. The copper-skinned lycan woman then looked out at the crowd, relieved, and watched as Max slammed into various men almost twice his size, causing them to fly off to the sides, only to have them jump up and again dive into the crowd.
Jennie got up and whispered something into the old mage's ear, making him smile and nod. As she stood at the edge of the stage and looked out over the main hall, her pink dress morphed into an outfit of black leather and matching boots, perfectly suited for battle dancing and complimenting her dark features quite handsomely. She then dove into the crowd, growling loudly, and proceeded to kick the butts of men easily twice her size.
Krynos lightly elbowed Draagh and laughed boisterously. Then, throwing down another shot of whisky he asked, "Commander Max certainly has introduced a dance worthy of his lycan brethren, would you not say, dear friend?"
Draagh just smiled, and turning his head away from his friend, took another hit off his beloved pipe.

As the evening's festivities were coming to an end, Max was again seated at the high table with Krynos, Draagh, Kangor (who had joined them after destroying three tables during the dancing portion of the evening), Donus and Jennie, the latter having a very tired little girl curled up and sleeping in her lap. Still seated at the opposite end of the table from Jennie, Max would occasionally look over to see her watching him as he talked of various things - mostly science, which his multiple educational degrees qualified him to do. He did try to keep things in context, realizing that most of his audience had little knowledge of the wonders of the universe.
The hour grew late, and being tired and wanting to sleep, Max stood and bowed to his friends.
"Hey Jen, I'm gonna hit the rack. Are you going too? I could walk you girls to your room if you like."
"Oh, that's ok. I'm going to sit here for a little while longer. I like Kangor's jokes," she replied.
"Fine, but please have someone escort you back. We don't want to go losing you again."
Jennie gave him a lightly surprised look, but her expression changed to one of serene calm and appreciation.
Max then again bowed to everyone and said, "Ok then. Well, goodnight everyone. I'll see you all in the morning at breakfast."
Leaving the main hall, Max looked back twice to see if Jennie was watching him leave, only to be a bit disappointed that she was giving her rapt attention to Kangor and his unique sense of humor.  So, after walking the hallways for a while, and even sitting on a ledge on the outside of the castle where he had a clear view of the waning moon, he went back to his quarters, wanting to lay in bed and dream of their victory and how he spent the night dancing with Jennie.
After changing into his pajamas, he laid back with his hands clasped behind his head, letting everything that had happened play back in his mind. How he had barely escaped Azul with his life, his odd grandfather popping up out of nowhere, Jennie and Bagatelle arriving to arrest or even kill him, and many, many other things. But what penetrated his mind - his very core, was Jennie. He hoped that one day she would come to him. He was not the kind of man to push himself on a woman. He had tried that after their battle with Vladros' son, thinking that the moment was perfect, and it had ended badly.
He was about to drift off to sleep when he was startled by a light knocking on his door. Jumping up, he sniffed the air, detecting it was Jennie. His heart raced with anticipation, not having the slightest idea of what was going to happen next. Then, calming himself, he thought she was just going to thank him for the evening. It was usually that way with her. Aside from her horrendous table manners, she really was proper.
Quickly adjusting his pajamas, he went to the door and opened it, astonished to see her standing in the frame wearing only her white, military regulation tank top and a pair of pink panties. Her large, brown eyes reflected the light of the waning moon that hung in the sky outside his window. Seeing her wearing so little wasn't unusual. He convinced himself that it was nothing out of the ordinary. In the military, especially on vessels, women and men even shared the same showers - so conversing while in their underwear was a normal everyday occurrence. His subconscious mind told him that as a form of self-defense from emotional pain. If he kept his expectations at zero he would lose nothing.
No big deal - she's just tired, he thought to himself.
"Hi Max, you busy?" she asked softly.
"Um, hi Jennie. No, ermm, not… really," he hesitated, while peeking out and looking up and down the hallway.
"So, where's Liliana?" 
"Oh, I put her to bed. She tanked."
"Yeah, I saw that. Hah, she's great. I think it's awesome that you -"
"Shhhh…" she said as she quieted the commander.
Then, quite unexpectedly, Jennie took a step forward, and wrapping her arms around his neck, kissed him tenderly. Surprised, but eager to hold the woman he had secretly loved in his arms at last, he brought her in close, and slipped his hands under her shirt, delicately tracing his fingers along her back. Then, without warning, she jumped up and wrapped her long, muscular legs around his hips and nibbled on his ear, whispering to him.
"So, you gonna invite me in?"
"Oh, you're invited. No doubt about that."
Spinning around with the gorgeous dega in his arms, he kicked the door shut and gently set her down. Her feet touched the ground silently, much like a feline. Max could hear her heartbeat and his as they almost matched in rhythm. With his hands on her waist, he looked down, this time knowing he could, and gazed at her breasts, which were jutting enticingly through the thin fabric of her tank top.

Will she? Can I? Oh crap. What do I do?

"Max, look at me, sweetie," she whispered.
"Um, yeah? I'm sorry. I just wasn't expecting… you know. I thought you didn't like… me… like that."
"I don’t like you, Max. That's why I'm here."
"Huh?"
Before he could say another word she had enveloped his mouth with hers, gently sliding her tongue over his. Max hadn’t kissed a lot of girls in his life, even though, aside from his awkwardness, he was handsome. However, after activating his lycan genetics he became much more than handsome, and Jennie saw it happen first-hand.
He reached up and held her cheeks with his fingertips, ever so gently, and lightly stroked her perfect skin. It was the first time he really had a chance to caress her face. He had daydreamed of doing so on many sleepless nights, but it was happening for real. Max tried to be as gentle and delicate as possible. All he wished was for her to be pleased. He reached back a bit and ran his fingers over the edges of her ears, eliciting a murmur of delight from the beautiful woman. He didn't know at first if it was a good thing to do, as his experience consisted of awkward innocence and a couple of drunken make out sessions while in college.
Jennie surprised him when she started to unbutton his nightshirt and delicately run her fingers over the soft, sparse hair on his firm chest. She purred as she used her fingernails to trace lines around the curvature of his muscles, then leaning forward and kissing his left nipple. Then, without hesitation, she took it into her mouth and started eagerly sucking on it. A pleasurable sensation he had never felt before in his life wracked his torso as he gulped lightly. Nature took over, causing him to reach down and try to cover his growing excitement, but Jennie was all too familiar with any reaction that would be caused by her attentions.
Max tilted her head up and stared deeply into her eyes. They looked more enormous than ever in the sparse light of his room. They were liquid pools of cocoa lust, drawing him in and drowning him with their gaze. He wasn't that much taller than her, so he really didn't need to look down. He lowered his head a bit, and then forcefully pressed his lips against hers, mouths opening, as she reciprocated and joined her tongue with his in an un-choreographed dance of wet flesh, breath and desire. Flinging her arms around his neck and breathing heavily, she inhaled him in deep, wanting more of the man.
Suddenly, she pulled back, giving him a mischievous grin, and within one second her tank top was off and fluttering towards the floor. Max gasped at the site of her breasts as the moonlight shone perfectly on them. They were even more magnificent than he had ever thought - and he had dreamed of them on many occasions.
"Yeah, I know. They're pretty awesome, aren't they?" she asked rhetorically.
Max lost the ability to speak for a moment, and he instantly knew what Donus was saying the night before when he had accidentally spied her naked.  All Max could do was stare - until she pressed herself up against him. Taking his hands, she guided them up and prompted him to cup her large, firm, perfectly formed bosom. As he did so, she took her fingers and moved his thumbs around over her nipples, physically showing him how to massage them. He became thoroughly embarrassed, however, and tried to move his hips back a bit, not wanting Jennie to feel the involuntary reaction that was obviously jutting out of his pajama bottoms, straining the light, cotton fabric.

No such luck.

She cooed and reached down while she nibbled on his chin and continued to press herself into his chest. Once she got ahold of him her eyes lit up and she let out a light laugh. Jennie saw him naked in his cell the night before and was impressed. But this time it was a completely different situation - and reaction. Now she was extremely impressed - and heating up.
Using her new leverage she gently pulled him over to his bed, where she sat on the edge and contemplated what to do with her handful. He looked down at her for a moment, but then made the decision for her. Dropping to his knees, he buried his face into her chest, targeting her swollen nipples. Desperately, he kissed and licked her luscious body, running his hands over every square inch of skin he could touch, and then slowly moved downward, concentrating on her perfect tummy. He had no idea what he was doing - it was pure instinct, but he could tell from her reaction that whatever it was, he was doing it right.
Jennie was breathing heavily; her heart was pounding, and she wanted him. Bad. She had wanted him for quite a while, but she wanted it to be perfect.

This was the only time it would happen, and she needed it to be just right.

Leaning back, with her moonlit face mildly contorted in ecstasy, she pushed his head down slightly as she wrapped her legs around his shoulders.

There. Right…there. Oh. My. God.

After about fifteen minutes Max pulled his moist face up and looked at her eagerly. His heart was slamming in his chest like a jackhammer - screaming for her. But Jennie's reaction was completely different, being on the receiving end of pleasure. Her body had gone into overdrive. Max had unknowingly brought her to the brink five times, and she wanted more; she wanted it all. Moving upwards he pushed her further into his large bed, but needed no help - she fell backwards with a giggle. He again gazed into her eyes and saw nothing but sincerity, so he felt he needed to be honest with her too. She snickered as she wiped her wetness from his mouth and cheeks, and was surprised when he lightly sucked her fingers clean. Then he held her hands and drew her in close.
"Jen, I think there's something I need to tell you, just so you know, alright?"
"Shhhh," she said, as she put a finger to his lips. "It's fine, you don't need to tell me anything. Just… enjoy, alright sweetie? Make love with me."
"Really. I have to tell you.  I'm… a virgin. I hope you're not disappointed."
"It's ok, baby. Come here. You've earned it."

###

The following morning the sounds of chirping birds filled the air as a gentle auditory reminder of the new day, accompanied by the sun rising up from behind the castle.
Max awoke to find the unclothed figure of the most beautiful woman he had ever met (or kissed) lying next to him. Her hands were in a prayer-like position between her cheek and the pillow, with her legs together, knees tucked-in slightly, and her bent arms covering her breasts. Most men would have done a private and silent fist-pump, but Max felt instant terror ripping through his system.

Oh my God, he thought, what if she wakes up and has regrets about what happened last night? What if it was all just a fluke?

He sat up with his eyes practically bulging out of his head - nearly paralyzed and staring straight ahead for a full five minutes as the pendulum on the wall clock tick-tocked away. While he waited for the inevitable, scenarios ran thought his head - she would wake up and just want to be friends, saying that she was overcome by the battle, or that it was her way of thanking him for risking his life to save hers.

Shit, she admitted she didn't like me. I was a pity lay.

In either case, he didn't feel worthy of her - he believed her so completely out of his league it was almost ridiculous. So when delicate fingers gently touched his cheek and started stroking it lightly he almost passed out from shock.
"Good morning, sweetie. Slept well?" she asked breathlessly.
An instant feeling of gut-wrenching relief rushed through his body as he looked down at her amazing and stunningly beautiful face. He relaxed slightly, scooting down so that he could gaze directly into her eyes. His heart was still beating so fast it sounded like a chip shredder, and Jennie could hear its cadence roar with the lone, unrequited love from a man who deserved so much more, yet only thought of others first.
"Yeah, best night ever," he quietly said. "How about you? Slept well?"
She moved closer to him and set her head upon his chest while tenderly tracing lines with her fingernails over his taught, well-formed stomach, softly moving her cheek across his skin, trying to bring him back down to earth.
"Yeah, same here. Best night ever, baby."
"Jennie, um, last night. It was my first time. I hope you weren't… disappointed or anything."
She lifted her head, gave Max a surprised look and nearly started laughing out loud.
"Are you kidding? That was the most amazing night of my life! I'll be surprised if I can run on the training field tomorrow."
"Huh? You mean I didn't suffer from comparison?"
She shot him a sharp, penetrating glare that instantly caused him to regret his words, but her face softened into a smile and she leaned forward, giving him a light kiss.
"No comparison, hun. I was a virgin too."
"When?"
"Last night, silly!"
"But… I…"
"No worries, baby. Most guys assumed I wasn't. Not many girls like me save themselves for the perfect man. Besides, you only lose your cherry once."
"The perfect… huh?"
"PhD, but not too bright, eh?"
She smiled and snuggled up to him again. Then, lifting her head slightly, she looked into his eyes and said, "I had a little discussion with Draagh and Krynos last night, after you tip-toed off to bed. I asked them some questions about…. how people do things around here, you know, with couples and stuff."
"Oh… you did? I'm kinda confused. Last night you said you came here because you didn't like me," said Max, who was quietly freaking out and barely managing to slow his noticeable trembling. Doubts again stormed into his mind, overtaking any semblance of logic. Confusion couldn't begin to define what he was feeling at that moment. His methodical, scientific mind was instead in emotional mode. It hadn't permitted him to slow down and put the pieces of what Jennie said together. He was overwhelmed with pain, anguish, love, hope, lust and a host of other conflicting emotions. And to make it worse, her taste lingered on his tongue - it was delicious. It was like manna from Heaven and he wanted more.
Jennie took his hands into hers and attempted to calm him, thinking it was absolutely adorable that he was so agitated. She pried open his clenched fists and placed his palms onto her soft, ample chest so he could feel her heartbeat which was, surprisingly, also quite rapid.
"Yup, I did say that. I guess I was a bit vague. Sorry, sweetie," she responded. "I don't just like you, Max. I adore you. Feel my heartbeat. I never, ever thought I would be this nervous with a man. Especially the man of my life."
Max's eyes grew large with understanding.
Then, with a gentle smile and a look of total devotion she said, "Commander Maximilianus Xavier Gunnarsson, of the Azul Military Scientific Research Division and of the Rhönen Dominion, victor of the Battle of the Blood… my Max, the man who risked his life to save me from those nasty vampires, the man who changed my life and showed me that there is so much more out there - I choose you as my mate, to be with for the rest of our ridiculously-long lives. That is, if you'll have me, you know, you being an all-important werewolf commander and mage and all that stuff. Oh, and Liliana comes along too. She's part of the package."

Aw, I worried for nothing. Holy shit… she just proposed to me!
Congratulations, my boy!
Draagh! What the Hell? Get out of my head!
Oh, sorry…

Instantly relieved and feeling overjoyed (while pushing his grandfather's uninvited commentary out of his mind), he put a finger to his lips and jokingly acted as if he had to think it over, causing Jennie to yelp, "Brat!" She rolled over on top of him and started to playfully slap him on the chest. He remembered the last time she did that - after he had killed Ladros. And then they almost kissed. Almost. But this time he could do so much more. She was his, and he was hers - forever.
He laughed and took her into his arms, pulling her perfect body in up against his. Then, after gently running his lips across her full, dark eyebrows and softly nuzzling her face with his nose, he stared deep into those baby browns that had him mesmerized since day one.
"Jennie, I've been yours since you stopped threatening to kill me. Oh, and can I say it - you know, finally, that I love you? I… erm… I have for a long time."
"Gawd, Max. I already knew that - but yeah, you can say it… I want you to tell me every day."
"Te amo, Jennie Gunnarsson. Te amo."
"I love you too, baby, but we'll have to discuss that surname thing," she said with a wry grin while gingerly scratching his ear, almost causing him to start comically kicking his leg. Max pulled his head back and tried to look serious.
"Well, the law here specifically states that a child must have the surname of her fa-"
"Ok," she interrupted laughingly, "Gunnarsson sounds kinda kick-ass anyway."
"Oh it is! Do you know the origin of the name Gunnarsson? It actually comes from-"
"Max - shut up and kiss me… dork."

No one in the castle saw either of them until well beyond the lunch hour.
Epilogue

Both Max and Jennie believed they were to soon leave the Dominion after having defeated Vladros, but Draagh informed them that since they had a number of years in which to prepare for the Vrol, they would stay for a while and continue training. This came to their mutual delight, and especially to that of Liliana, who was quite enjoying the fact she had a new family she loved very much. She was also very proud of her new name - Liliana Gunnarsson, of which she made everyone aware - specifically the meaning of her new surname, which meant son of warrior.
While the little girl dutifully attended her classes, and was receiving some extra lessons in science from her brilliant, adoptive father, Jennie had implemented a training program, teaching the lycans to use the power gauntlet along with limited cantuses that would enhance the glove's already formidable destructive capacity. Dominion weapons makers were busy replicating gauntlets, which Draagh would then imbue with the ability to harness magic particles, or nanobots as Max and Jennie called them.

Max delved into the art of war, and learned all he could about recon, battle strategies, guerilla warfare and other complexities that one in a leadership position would need to know. He trained his Special Forces group to work with him - in and around his magical abilities - to harness them to their benefit, but not to rely on him, as he did have certain limitations, and wouldn't always be around.

Days turned to weeks, and weeks into months. During that whole time there was one thing Max wanted to do - he wanted to give Jennie a classic wedding. So, after they had been in the Dominion for five lunar cycles after the Battle of the Blood, he conferred with Krynos and made arrangements to have a ceremony in the gardens outside of the throne area of the castle. It was to be attended by the entire Dominion, and Max even insisted that some normals be invited - specifically those that had assisted in the Battle of the Blood, as well as the families of those who met their untimely end at the hands of Vladros' forces.
Jennie was delighted with this gesture, and set about working with the castle seamstresses to hand-make a beautiful, white wedding gown. Of course, Liliana was also elated, especially after learning she was to be the flower girl and would also wear a pretty dress. Max resigned himself to conjuring a smart, black tuxedo with a pink cumber bun and matching bowtie, in honor of Jennie's favorite color. Upon seeing the groom's outfit, Krynos almost bit his lip off, trying to not tell Max he thought it looked ridiculous - but then again, Krynos had significantly different tastes in clothing and apparel.
On the day before the wedding, Max rushed around, helping in the preparations, but he had something on his mind. He had looked for Draagh, and called out to him mentally on various occasions, but the old mage had a tendency to sometimes pop out of the realm to care for duties in other locations.
The one material item of value that Max possessed was in a drawer in the galley of the Machu Picchu, and he knew he had to get it before the ceremony. Even though they were mated for life, he wanted her to have a perfect wedding, and in a wedding the two to be married always shared something of great importance that would signify their eternal bond. Unwilling to wait, and as Draagh was nowhere to be found (Draagh usually being either in the pocket-dimension office with Krynos, or off-world), he felt he knew enough about 4D time slips to safely get to the Machu Picchu and back, so he went to his new, expanded quarters that he was sharing with his lovely mate. He pulled his gear bag out from underneath their massive, wood-framed bed and retrieved his Stinger and comm, as well as his personal console. He put them in a leather backpack, which was made for him according to his specific instructions given to Dominion tailors. The, grabbing his katana, he then looked out his door, and making sure no one saw him, bolted down the hallway and entered Draagh's room where, to his good fortune, the mage's staff leaned up against the wall in the corner.
Bringing up an infoscreen, he tied into the staff and looked up its most recent coordinates, which were all readily available. Then, surveying the powerful device momentarily, he went to take it into his hand. Before he could do anything further, Socrates coalesced in the air right in front of his face, floating as if it had just come out of an ethereal mist.
"Query: Master Max, what is it you are attempting to do?"
"Socrates, don't say a thing. I need to get something from my ship for Jennie, and Draagh isn't anywhere around. He's been ignoring me. The ceremony is tomorrow, and I promised my mother if I ever got married I would give it to my wife."
"Master Max, I would not recommend that you attempt to do this, as-"
Max interrupted the electronic intelligence interface, saying, "No worries - I'll be right back!" and slammed the staff to the ground, creating a most inconvenient energy sphere that caused Socrates to instantly dissipate. It was only moments later that Max disappeared out of site.
"Oh my. This is not good," the usually monotone Socrates stated with some stress to his voice, once his face had reconstituted itself.
At that same moment, elsewhere in the castle, Jennie quickly approached Krynos and Draagh in the throne room, obviously concerned about something. Making a quick curtsey, she asked, almost breathlessly, "Draagh, Lord Krynos, have either of you seen Max? I can't seem to find him anywhere, and he's got me worried. I mean - I just completely lost his scent."
Before either Draagh or Krynos could even respond, Socrates appeared in front of the old mage.

"Lord Draagh, we have a problem."

The three stood in Draagh's partially destroyed quarters (as the 4D slip energy had basically laid waste to the room's furniture), along with Socrates floating in the air off to their side, looking at the mage's staff, which lay on the ground near the window.
Socrates then stated, in his typical monotone fashion, "He said that he needed to go to his ship and retrieve something for today's ceremony - something that was important to his mother. I tried to warn him, but he was gone before I could finish."
Draagh looked at his staff, and then bending down, picked it up and examined it for clues.
"Well, the staff is fine, as should be expected. However, I believe I may have been a bit remiss in my tutoring of Max on the complexities of 4D slipping. The ghanlo rejected him, as it will never leave my location in space/time. That being said, we will need to go find him before he manages to get himself into any further trouble."
Jennie had a panicky and extremely preoccupied look on her face, and desperately asked, "Can you find him? I'm going too!"
"Very well then, my dear," Draagh replied to Jennie, "Please change into something more appropriate to an expedition and grab your technical equipment, as you may have need for it. Remember, on Old-Earth you have neither skills as a lycan nor as a pseudo-mage."
Krynos looked at Draagh and said, "I will inform all that the wedding will suffer a slight delay. We shall care for young Liliana Gunnarsson during your absence."
Jennie rushed off and quickly changed into battle leathers, returning in minutes with her gear bag in hand and katana slung over her back. The three departed the castle and went out to the north entrance, stopping at the open plains.
Draagh rested his hand upon his old friend's shoulder and said, "We shall be back soon."
Krynos then looked consolingly at Jennie and gave the girl a gentle hug, his massive frame overshadowing hers, and then backed up.
"Safe travels, my friends," he said as he raised his great hand to them.
Jennie and Draagh walked further out into the open field, removing their spectators from the 4D slip's sphere of influence. Once a safe distance was reached, Draagh slammed his staff to the ground, as he and Jennie disappeared from that world.

Arriving at the edge of the Urubamba River, in exactly the same location from where they had departed only months before, Draagh and Jennie were both relieved to see that the Machu Picchu was still hidden underneath its naturally occurring camouflage, as Draagh had waved off the invisibility cantus upon arrival.
Jennie ran to the craft, yelling out, "Max! Max! You dork! Come out here!" but she received no response. No longer able to smell things like she could on Earth of the future, she looked around helplessly. "Draagh!" she cried out. "Where is he?"
"There-there, my dear. We shall find him," he said as he strode over to the ship, waving his arm out and causing the loading ramp and bay doors to open. Entering the ship, Jennie ran ahead and searched frantically, while calling out his name, but no one replied. After a couple of minutes Draagh called Jennie into the ship's galley, where he held a small jewelry box in his hand - the same jewelry box Draagh had seen Max look at with a sad expression right before he first took off from Azul. Opening it, there was a beautiful 3-carat blue diamond ring in a gold setting.
Jennie looked at the ring for a moment, and then at Draagh. As tears filled her eyes she cried out, "That idiot! I don't need a ring. I only need him!"
Then, looking out of the open back of the Machu Picchu, she whimpered, "Max, what have you done?" as she wiped the wetness from her cheeks.
Draagh led the distraught woman out of the converted transport and, after conferring with Socrates, began their quest of visiting nearly every saved destination in his staff as they searched for the missing lycan commander.

###

Max Gunnarsson regained consciousness, his face down in a putrid puddle of contaminated water, human waste and oil - apparently in some sort of drainage tunnel. Disoriented and unaware of his location, he lifted himself out of the fetid muck, and shifting his vision to the infrared spectrum, looked for Draagh's staff. After determining it was nowhere to be found (although one of Draagh's chairs and some of his clothing were nearby, floating in the putrid waste), he crawled forward, coming up to an opening that exposed the night sky. Exiting the tunnel in which he had found himself, he stood up and looked out over a landscape that he never imagined he would have seen.
Alien Vrol flyers soared overhead, looking like giant, demonic bats, while dozens of hominids of varying subspecies scrambled around and over the ruins of what appeared to be a mostly destroyed city. He smelled not only lycans and vampires, but also other beings he was unable to immediately identify.
Looking up at a fairly expansive hillside to the north he saw a large, man-made landmark, instantly familiar to him thanks to his studies of Earth's ancient past. His stomach soured as he scanned the horizon. He knew where he was, and he definitely wasn't supposed to be there.

"Oh, man. This is not good…"


Continued in LIVES OF LOST ANGELS
Glossary of Terms

3D Slip - method of instantaneous transportation within a world. Required coordinates are Latitude, Longitude and Elevation.

4D Slip - Like 3D Slip, but with addition of Space/Time calculations. Can be used to travel to other worlds, parallel dimensions. Extremely advanced and only accessible by Prīmulī, Archangels and, in rare cases, their offspring. Requires Kamiliak Equation for calculations and The Hub for transit.

Archangels - Immortal beings created by the Prīmulī to interact with sapient beings and watch over them. Note: archangels are genetically equivalent to Prīmulī.
Notable archangels - Gabriel, Raphael.

Azul - Planet in Cetus constellation. New home of Mankind after emigrants traveled for 300 years in suspended animation. Pinnacle of human society built over a period of 400 years. Azul has magic particles, but man cannot access them due to vibrational frequency incompatibility. Humans with recessive lycan and vampire genes have some characteristics of their active brethren, such as enhanced strength in times of stress. Archangels regularly look over the enhanced and will interfere with medical testing to keep their genetics unknown to the population at large.

Boludo(a) - Stupid, dumbass, hard-headed, stubborn.

Cannibal - Infected normal (human) with desire to eat human brains. Nearly complete loss of sapience. Body is in constant state of cooking itself from over amped metabolism. Runs and attacks until it suffers complete burnout and system failure. No cure available, except by Prīmulī.  Traits: Mindless, brain-eating marathon runners. Cannot reproduce. Infection only occurs when both blood and saliva enter into victim's body.

Cantus - Verbal or mental command used to manipulate magic particles. Can be simple, such as a levitation cantus, or extremely complex, such as a combination of individual healing and DNA altering cantuses, enabling regeneration of missing limbs, organs. Minor-mages must verbalize, while Prīmulī and Archangels (and their offspring) can use mental commands. Beings with no genetic predisposition to magic can use cantuses on a limited scale as long as they have a magically-enabled object, such as a wand or other special piece of equipment. Alternately: (verb) to cantus a spell.

Castilian - Spanish language. Used on Azul in conjunction with English and Swiss-German. English is predominant on Azul, but many idioms and slang terms on Azul are in the Castilian language.
Examples:
Bacho(a) - Slang term used to describe a Caucasian - gender-specific.
Chino(a) - Slang term used to describe anyone of Old-Earth Asiatic lineage - gender-specific.
Dego(a) - Slang used to describe one of Old-Earth South American lineage who has dark skin and eyes - gender-specific.
Desa - short for desayuno - breakfast.
Fritas - French-fried potatoes.
Poto - Buttocks, derrière, a person's butt.
Rey de Roma! - Speaking of the devil… (Idiomatic phrase).

Exodus - Secret fleet of spacecraft that left Earth for Azul in mid 22nd century, funded by a corporate consortium. Journey took almost 300 years to arrive at destination. Emigrants travelled in state of suspended animation.

Gauntlet - Magic-enabled object that is basically a spiked, metal glove through which cantuses can be channeled.

The Hub - Place outside the realm of Time/Space where Prīmulī usually reside.

Infoscreen - Semitransparent, tangible, holographic computer used by Prīmulī, Archangels and their offspring.

Jah - God, Adonai, Dios.

Kamiliak Equation - Mathematical calculations required for 4D slip. Created by the Primulus named Kamiliak when the universe expanded and travel outside The Hub was required.

Katana - a single-edged sword of Japanese origin, known for its extremely strong metal and sharp cutting surface.

Lycan - Homo Sapiens Canis.
Enhanced humans with recessive or active canine genes.
On a magic-enabled world they have enhanced healing, speed, strength and senses.
Traits: Moral, noble.
Susceptible to intoxication from any metal in the platinum family.
Three transformation modes:
Day Mode (phase 1) - appearance is human, but they retain enhanced senses and strength is roughly 150% of normal human of equivalent size and build - platinum causes mild stinging sensation.
Battle Mode (phase 2) - appearance is slightly canid, with elongated teeth and limbs, slightly hairy, double lycan's normal strength - platinum causes 3rd degree burns on exposed area, extreme weakening, rhodium is deadly if introduced to the bloodstream.
Death Mode (phase 3) - full werewolf. Most lose sapience in this mode. Look like giant, semi-bipedal wolves, 250% over battle form strength - platinum causes 3rd degree burns on exposed area plus causes unconsciousness if exposed to blood. Rhodium can be deadly if introduced to the bloodstream.
Lycans can reproduce. Can also turn normals by introducing lycan virus into subject's system via blood exchange.
Notable Lycans: Krynos, Donus, Jennifer Escalante, Luigi Bagatelle, Max Gunnarsson (hybrid), Alea, Liliana.

Mage - Broad term used to describe one who can naturally manipulate magic. Minor-mages can perform basic skills while the immortal Prīmulī can affect worlds.
Notable minor-mages: Siegfried, Dom Van Alder.

Magic - Term used to describe organo-technical sub-atomic particles (also called magic particles) that naturally occur in all living things, or the manipulation of said particles (to perform magic). Under extreme magnification they appear to be mechanical spheres with numerous appendages. Operate on vibrational frequencies that enable attuned enhanced beings to avail themselves of extra-normal abilities such as strength, healing, vision, etc. Mages can manipulate these particles using cantuses.

Meter/Readout/HUD - an organic display in the peripheral vision (and also inner left arm) of lycans and vampires. Has three lines - red for health, green for strength and blue for stamina. Max Gunnarsson also has yellow line for magic timeout. Enables a being to monitor their system resources and adjust accordingly.

Normal - a human with no enhanced abilities. Comprise of roughly 99% of the global population. Their blood is the food source for vampires. Their brains are the food source for cannibals. Usually desire to live under the protection of lycans. Some may learn limited magical skills via magic-enabled objects.

Old-Earth - Planet in the Sol System - World of Mankind's origination. Planet nearly dies from Vrol attack when virulent amoeba infests air and global water supply in late 23rd century. Magic was active from time of first sapient hominids to roughly the year 600 CE. Magic re-enabled by Prīmulī after planet healed from Vrol invasion.

Prīmulī - (sing. Primulus) Immortal beings, the seraphim - created in the beginning of time by Jah (colloquially known to humans as God). The fathers of the archangels. Note: Prīmulī are genetically equivalent to.archangels, just older.
Notable Prīmulī: Draagh, Marnn, Kamiliak.

Rhönen Dominion - A lycan kingdom ruled by Krynos. Named for the nearby Rhön Mountains.

Side Space - extra dimensional space that exists outside the realm of normal space.

Socrates - Sentient mage intelligence access portal. Appears as a floating mask. Appears on demand to Prīmulī, Archangels and their offspring. Assists in Kamiliak Coordinate calculations. Originally was an acronym - Sentient Organic Computerized Request and Tracking Equation System.

SSCC - side space carrier currents - Currents that exist and flow within side space. Proper machinery allows a connection to a specific current and thus drags anything attached at incredible speeds many thousands of time the speed of light.

SSCC Hook Drive - Machinery developed to enable FTL in side space.

Taxiarch - The highest ranking, most powerful archangel. Mankind calls him  Michael - Son of Draagh, biological father of Max Gunnarsson.

Taxiarch/Lycan Hybrid - Born of lycan mother and Taxiarch Michael. Has most abilities of a Primulus and Taxiarch plus all lycan abilities. Is immune to platinum metal-family intoxication. Only known hybrid - Max Gunnarsson.

Vampire - Homo Sapiens Mortuus.
Enhanced humans with perverted recessive or active genes.
On magic-enabled world they subsist on normal (human) blood. Health particles barely keep them alive - in constant state of fending off decomposition. Emit strong rotting smell. Extremely strong, but overexertion causes rapid decomposition.
Traits: Amoral, sociopathic, power-hungry, devious.
Susceptible to intoxication from any metal in the platinum family. Platinum contact with skin causes intense burning. Contact with blood causes vampire to self-immolate and turn into a pile of ashes.
Vampires can reproduce. Can also turn normals by introducing vampire virus into subject's system via blood exchange. Frequently turn humans to replenish their numbers due to short lifespan.
Notable Vampires: Vladros, Ladros, Ryder Johnson, Len Johnson.

Vrol - Alien race. Insect-like. Hive mind. Varying castes or species. All technology is organic, including spacecraft. Mother ship called Brood Carrier (Vrol language name not known). No FTL. Ground troops resemble bipedal praying mantises, having clawed appendages and compound eyes. Flyers resemble giant demonic bats with four limbs and compound eyes. Vrol do not like open water and certain frequencies cause them pain. Vrol invaded Old-Earth in late 23rd century, looking for unknown resources. Currently on their way to Azul.

Acknowledgements and Afterword

Max's Universe originated from a serial blog I used to write when I played in numerous MMORPGs (Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Games). While nothing was written that pertained to a particular game itself, there are some aspects that were brought over - aspects that were common amongst various platforms. One of these is the lycan levels meter. Not specific to lycans in the mmoprg world, they are common across multiple platforms for enabling a players to monitor his/her health while playing. I thought this would be a cool feature to add, as anyone who is omnipotent is overpowered and needs to have some limitations (or the book would be 10 pages long. God farted and all was well with the Universe. Where's the fun in that?).

Back to the blog. Max was a different, yet similar character. His name was not the same, and his relationship with Draagh was also not the same - but they had a relationship. He started out as a smuggler around Azul system, and on his own (not being military) developed the SSCC hook drive. Max went back to Earth and there were humans living - no Vrol. But they were backwards, agrarian and without identity. I was inspired by Ayn Rand's Anthem for this concept, having always been a proponent and defender of liberty. However, I didn't get into much detail regarding the citizens of this bleak, future Earth (even though it was a blog, I am no plagiarist). Max takes off and goes back to his system, figuring he can get a crew of mercenaries and go back to strip mine the planet with no resistance (Mankind has no more weapons. Well, they have spears and slingshots).
Needless to say, Max was more of a pirate back then. But when he reaches his home system he feels an urge to stop on a desert moon. It is there that he meets Draagh, who first appears as an apparition, turns Max into a lycan and then sends him to and alternate past. This past was the precursor to the Rhönen Dominion, and quite similar. Max meets a woman (Alea), who ends up being his lover and they go on a quest to find a teleportation pod, created by a witch, and eventually meet up with Draagh. In the end of the blog Max dies while trying to save a reincarnated version of Alea from normals. It is there where I define space/time as being like a bicycle wheel, via a conversation between (the now dead) Max and Draagh.

Jennie didn't exist. Neither did Krynos nor Bagatelle. I had basically strip-mined my blogs for tidbits and ideas, and ended up writing everything all over again anyway. Oh, and my blogs were written in the first-person, so there you go.

In the end of it all, this entire universe came out of my fertile mind. Sure, I hit Wikipedia a couple of times to look up scientific principles (like molecular properties, etc), and I used Google maps to accurately track streets I walked down (oh, that's book #2, sorry). When Max explores Larco Mar, the outdoor commercial center in Lima, Peru, I write that all from memory, having been there more times than I can count (we have a house a few blocks away). Even Machu Picchu is from memory.

I put a lot of thought into the characters in Max's universe. Each has his/her own unique personality.
Max is honest, a bit awkward, but always gives you a chance. He always thinks of others first. It is his innate goodness that attracts Jennie, even though for the longest time she is unaware that she is attracted to him at all.
Jennie is gorgeous (think Victoria's Secret with a bit more muscle, twice the boobs and a big-ass sword), and she knows it. At first she comes off as shallow and arrogant, which she is, but she has potential (my younger daughter hated - absolutely hated Jennie until ¾ the way through the book). Being with Max brings out the best in her. Honest to a fault, she is tough, organized and will kill to protect her own.
Draagh is immortal, but has relaxed so much over the eons that he comes off aloof, goofy, stoned half the time and a bit thoughtless. Example: he teaches Max how to perform a complex 4D slip, but neglects to tell him that he will need his own ghanlo in order to 4D slip alone - Draagh's staff won't leave his basic vicinity. Someone once asked me why, if Draagh is so powerful, doesn't he just fix things and be done with it. I explained that he had chosen to take on a corporeal form, and with this comes some serious limitations. He has a healthy love for humanity and the struggle we all face. He would rather provide a small amount of assistance and prodding than correct the destiny of an entire world. Plus, the end of the series shall bring an unexpected revelation. No more spoilers - hah!
Bagatelle (who we get to really know in book #2) is the quintessential military leader. He doesn't show a lot of personality because he's always in uniform. You'll see another side of him later on - and find out about his secret connection to Jennie. Well, it's a secret to everyone except to him. You can find out what it is if you read LIVES OF LOST ANGELS. Oh, and the secret is not revealed in the book #2 preview which follows this section.
Moving along, Krynos is 1,000 years old, and has been a king for so long that he doesn't feel the need to have people kiss his ass - he treats all as equals, as long as they earn it. And, as an added bonus, if you're super awesome you get to sit at his table during parties. Rhönen parties are kinda like the ultimate rave/fogata (camp fire)/kegger/slam dance/frat rush. On steroids. With mead and tequila.
Now Liliana is special. She truly comes from my heart, as her mannerisms are a composite of my precious daughters when they were young. They were hyper-intelligent, tough and active. They were also amazing athletes (both went to college on soccer scholarships) and were constantly breaking things (and getting into hilarious trouble). I am certain that if they had a command of magic they would have destroyed city blocks, just so they could guess the colors of the news vans before they showed up.
On the vampire side of things, Ryder Johnson is a total prick, and only gets worse when he gets sucked into the 43rd century. He's racist to the core, but wants to jump Jennie simply because she's amazingly hot and inaccessible. He's narcissistic, thinks he's more intelligent than everyone else and is a borderline sociopath. You see brief moments of lucidity in the man before he gets his big-boy orders from daddy and murders dozens of innocent techs and pilots.
Vladros, the ghoul king, is an even bigger asshole. Both he and Ryder believe that bravery is akin to inflicting pain on the innocent, but Vladros takes it to a whole new level. They couldn't be more wrong, and they suffer (die) due to the errors of their ways. They remind me of the popular assholes in high school. Jerks who now look like they could be my parents, they aged so horribly. Revenge is a dish best served cold (an old Klingon proverb*).

Regarding the fictional historical background of the people of Azul System, I had a huge reason for creating the protagonists as people of Argentine descent. When I was young and had first moved to Southern California (from Oregon), I needed to learn Spanish. My neighbors were from Argentina, and they were the only people who were willing to help me to learn (we would sit down in the evening and play cards, watch TV and they would quiz me on my self-applied lessons).
Through them and others I made more and more friends from that part of the world. They were wonderful people, and to this day I naturally speak Spanish with a recognizable Porteño accent (although I can imitate many others). However, I married a Peruvian woman, so much of my vocabulary is peppered with peruvianisms (carajo!). When I finally got to visit Argentina for the first time I was in la-la land. It was amazing. The people, the food, the scenery. Give that country some responsible government and it will be a global leader. We can all hope for the best.

I would like to thank my wonderful and beautiful wife of nearly three decades, Marielena, for her support (and tolerance), my two amazing daughters, Kat and Dani, and all of my friends and beta readers who helped me find embarrassing typos and what-not.

Most of all I would like to thank you - the person reading this. You either acquired this book by purchasing it, borrowing it, reading it online, or could even be reading it in print. If you read it, thank you. Thank you for sharing my mind and imagination with me. I put my soul into my writing, and I feel honored that you have touched it.

SK


Books by S.K. Benton
	
Lives of Future-Past
Lives of Lost Angels
Lives of the Provectus (Summer 2015)

*Not really


	
	

Preview of LIVES OF LOST ANGELS

"You called, Father? I could scarcely believe it when I saw your poorly constructed attempts at communication. Why did you not command my presence, as you so often did in the past?"
Gabriel was standing in the middle of Draagh's chambers. He was rather large, about the same size as his father. The archangel was built for battle, and it showed. He had cut his blonde, flowing locks that typically went past his shoulders, and was wearing what appeared to be military-style clothing from Earth's late 20th century - desert camouflage.
"My son, I must say I do find that your garb fits you well. In other words, it is a good look. Yes, quite good."
"Can you please answer my question, instead of repeating yourself and speaking in circles as you have always done?"
Draagh sighed almost inaudibly.  He looked around his chambers, saw Socrates floating quietly in the corner, and was about to speak when the sentient computer interjected.
"My Lord Gabriel. It was I who created the calls out to you. That would explain their poor construction."
"Socrates, your work was just fine. I just find it hard to compliment my father on anything. Might I say, it is good to see you? I have been using your progeny, Aristophanes. He has been quite useful. You should be proud."
"My Lord, we do not have what one would call pride, but I convey gratitude for your kind remarks."
"My son," continued Draagh, "I have called you for a reason. I do not wish to waste your time, as I am sure you are quite busy with whatever it is you are doing, but I am in need of your assistance."
"You!? You need my help? Are you serious? Draagh, the greatest of all the Prīmulī, needs the help of his least-favored son? What in the multiverse could I ever do to help one such as you?"
Gabriel had set up Draagh's question without even knowing it. He was the least-favored son, as Mija-El, or Michael, truly was a marvel of creation. He was good in heart and nature, always sought to assist others and was a beast in the heat of battle. Gabriel, on the other hand, only sought to inflict damage and fight. His aura could be so negative that an untrained minor mage would detect his presence as demonic at best.
"I seek Mija-El. But not for the reasons you may think."
"I knew it! Michael, Michael, Michael! Always Michael! Could you not call on me to join you in battle? Or to assist in one of your insane experiments with a nascent culture on the far side of the galaxy?"
Draagh nearly rolled his eyes at Gabriel's rant. Aside from assisting during the Battle of the Blood, the old mage rarely, if ever, engaged in battle, and had not experimented on the undeveloped for hundreds of centuries.
"Gabriel, I no longer fight. I have left that task in your most capable hands. I only now seek to assist my family, and am willing to assist you. But I must ask if you know where Michael resides. He does not answer my summons, and I have scanned world after world and have seen no sign of him. Do you know why this would be?"
Gabriel slowly walked around Draagh's expansive office, even moving near Socrates and playfully waving a finger through the computer's visage, causing a stream of particles to follow his hand and then quickly flow back and completely reconstitute his face.
"Father, why would I even let you know where my detestable brother is, even if I knew?"
Draagh was well aware that Gabriel was lying - not only was it his nature, but as the archangel was his son they held a special bond.
"My son, you not only know where Mija-El resides, it is because of you that he is there. This much I can sense. But I will not hold it against you. No I will not. In fact, I will assist you in your desire to have a world of your own - one that you can build and grow. One that you can watch as it evolves and its dominant species reaches sapience. This is your wish, is it not?"
Gabriel gave his father a surprised look. Draagh had denied him a world of his own since he first emerged in the universe.
"Ok, Father. I am… amused. Tell me why you seek Michael. If I am satisfied with your answer I may be able to assist."
Draagh took a seat at a massive mahogany desk, and after neatly arranging some quills and parchment he took a deep breath and started to speak, hoping that his plan would work.
"You do remember how your brother has always enjoyed the company of the women of Earth, and later those of Azul?"
Gabriel sneered and nodded at the same time.
"Yes, he was always fond of the monkeys. He should have just slept with dogs. It would have brought better results."
Draagh almost choked at Gabriel's response, because even though his choice of words was vulgar, his statement bore a striking bit of irony.
"Well, he is a father, so you are not far off."
"He created a hybrid? I must terminate its existence before it can procreate."
"No! You shall not touch the boy. He is unique in the entire universe and is under my protection. No, my son. You shall not do him any harm. In fact, you will come to know him as a competent ally. You see, his mother was of the enhanced bloodline, and the boy has inherited not only her latent abilities, but also those of his father and a good percentage of mine - and he possesses a genius-level intellect. He is the hope for his world, but is currently lost to us"
"Enhanced bloodline? You mean your feeble attempt at improving an already-failed species? Which bloodline was it? The ghouls or the wolves?"
Draagh sighed, this time quite audibly. Shaking his head at Gabriel's attempt at insult, he stood up and looked his errant son straight in the eyes.
"His mother is lycan, and quite exquisite in appearance. Michael would never bed a lover of death. His nose is quite sensitive, as is yours. But the boy is lost to us, and I believe that Michael is the key to finding him. So I am asking you kindly, Gabriel. If you bring me to Michael I will in turn help you to develop a world of your own. Jah no longer concerns Himself with matters in the Milky Way, or anywhere else as far as I can see, and there are a number of young stars where we can start. What say you, my son? Can we put aside our differences and perhaps work together for the greater good?"
Gabriel looked as if he were considering the offer from his father, but in reality he was thinking of how he could take advantage of the situation.
"How is the boy lost to you? What happened to make it so that even your oh-so-vaunted skills cannot locate him?"
"He used my staff without permission."
"So? I did all the time."
"But only with local slips. Max went outside his space/time locality. The ghanlo will not leave its master."
"I thought you said he was intelligent… a genius-level intellect?"
"He was in a hurry, and unfortunately I was not there for him."
"Somehow that sounds just like you, Father. So, what did he do?"
"He went to a different world and year, trying to go get his mother's ring for his own wedding ceremony. He left behind a wife and a daughter."
"He procreated? Are you serious?" Gabriel screamed, even more enraged that his bloodline would have been diluted even further.
"Calm down! He adopted the girl, Gabriel. He has no progeny of his own at this time. Besides, I remember you holding the boy and playing with him. What has happened to you, my son? How have you forgotten so much in such little time?"
"Wait, are you talking about Maximilianus?" asked the archangel. "I believed him to be a pureblood."
Draagh gave his son an incredulous look. "My son, you could smell the difference from a kilometer away, and you know it."
Gabriel appeared to think for a moment and then guiltily claimed, "I had a cold at the time."
The ancient Primulus rolled his eyes, knowing full well that Gabriel had never suffered any form of viral infection during his eons of existence, but chose to let the fib go unanswered. In reality, Draagh looked forward to the day that Max and Jennie had more children, but he could not show this desire to Gabriel, who was a borderline speciest; even worse than a racist. He viewed humans as far beneath him as apes were beneath humans. Luckily, Gabriel calmed himself and became inquisitive.
"Very well, then. What does this daughter look like?" asked Gabriel, showing a bit of curiosity to his voice, and also wanting to redirect away from his obvious lie. He had played with the infant Max, and had even been the one to suggest the boy's name before he was born. But before he could utter another word, Draagh had transformed himself into a replica of Liliana. The archangel found himself looking at a small girl, with two black pigtails, wearing brown leather battle armor and a mischievous grin. Her outfit was completed with numerous knives and a small version of a katana across her back.
"Her name is Liliana and she is of the mage bloodline as well as of the lycans. She is a special, albeit precocious child. I do believe you would find her agreeable. She has a tendency to practice her magical skills on the unsuspecting, with results that you would find comical."
"You mean she has a mean streak? Yes, she looks a bit… independent. Ok, I'll bite."
"You will… bite? What do you mean, my son?"

"I know where my brother is. I shall take you to him."
