
d4

An Interactive Novel
by
Sherrie Cronin
 
Copyright 2014 by Sherrie Cronin
Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved. First Edition. Published 2015
by Cinnabar Press, Montgomery, Texas 77316

ISBN-13: 978-1-941283-44-8

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

No part of this book may be reproduced in any form by any electronic or mechanical means, including information storage and retrieval systems, without permission in writing from the publisher, except for review.

Cover design and illustration by Jennifer FitzGerald of http://www.MotherSpider.com 

This book is a work of fiction and, with the exception of news items, public figures, and cultural information, the events, characters and institutions in it are imaginary, as are the organizations d3 and y1. No individual character, organization, or group of people included as part of the fictional narrative is intended to represent any real person or group. The author is not responsible for the content of third party websites. 


Dedication
 
This book is dedicated to the quiet energy source that is my middle child. She is imagination in motion, charging ahead into the future, never looking back. I love her for the way that she believes that she can do anything and I thank her for the many times she has reminded me that I can too. May her high tech touch with tomorrow always sparkle with a web of possibilities, and may the best of those come true.


Author’s Notes

Tomorrow is a funny thing because it quickly becomes yesterday. This novel is intended as a tribute to those who live their lives trying to understand the future and who must watch some of their predictions disintegrate into reality each day. Here’s to the science fiction writers, weather forecasters, stock market analysts, solution designers, inventors, trend predictors, climate change specialists, school curriculum influencers and all of the other pretend, hopeful and real psychics of every flavor. May their prophecies steer all of us towards kindness, and may their visions converge on a long and happy life for this marvelous creature we call humanity.

For those readers whose love of math is meager or memory of high school calculus is weak, allow me to remind you that the letter d is used in equations to denote a rate of change. d4x/dt4 describes variations in the change in acceleration, and is arguably the initial derivative involving space and time that is beyond our ability to comprehend.

One of my hopes in writing this book was to encourage others to look ahead well beyond their own lifetimes and consider our future as a species. I tried to get a reader to think over two hundred years past tomorrow. A group called The Long Now foundation has taken this idea much further. They are designing a clock to run for the next ten thousand years, in the hope that people will ponder whether the human race will be around as long as the clock is. You should know that if you paid for this book, you have contributed to their project as ten percent of my proceeds from d4 will be donated to The Long Now Foundation. 

Table of Contents

Before
1. 1993
2. 2009

Part 1. Touching the Sky to Save the World
3. Winter Begins in 2011
4. Winter in Dublin
5. In the Heart of Winter
6. Winter Light
7. Winter in Ilulissat
8. Winter Ends
9. Spring Begins 
10. Spring in India
11. In the Heart of Spring
12. Springtime on the Golf Course
13. Spring Ends
14. Summer Begins

Part 2: d4, Jerk and Snap
15. Summer at the Blue Lagoon
16. Summer Light
17. In the Heart of Summer
18. Summertime in the Gazebo
19. Summer Ends
20. Autumn Begins
21. Autumn in Oslo
22. Autumn in Reykjavik
23. In the Heart of Autumn
24. Autumn in London
25. Autumn at the Beach
26. First Day of Trading
27. Last Day of Trading 
28. Autumn in Seyðisfjörður
29. Autumn Ends 2012

After
30. Christmas 2026
31. All of 2047
32. March 2064

Thanks
Resources
Links
About the Author
List of Locations
Alphabetical List of Characters 
A note to my readers using electronic devices:

This book can be read just fine without ever using the underlined links that are imbedded in the text at the rate of about one per chapter. However, these links will take you to blogs, websites and news articles that provide photographs and information that could enhance your enjoyment of this novel. There are also nine links to songs enjoyed by the main characters in the story. Clicking on the name of the song will open a video on most devices. Listen for a bit of extra ambiance before returning to the novel. 
If you prefer sticking to one document at a time, or if you are reading this in a format that does not support hypertext, then these links can be used as starting points for more flavor after the book is finished. The full URLs are given in the acknowledgements at the end, and there are live hyperlinks at the website given below. Both locations also contain links to video recordings of live performances of the songs that are mentioned in this novel. URLs will be monitored periodically to ensure that they remain live. If you discover that a link is broken kindly contact the author at ariel.zeitman@gmail.com. Readers are encouraged to support the referenced artists, news outlets and sites referred to in this book.
Because this novel has many characters with unfamiliar names and takes place in locales likely to be new to the reader, this book contains a list of people and places. This list can be easily found on most reading devices as it is located at the very end. There is also live link to it in the Table of Contents.
Please visit this book's website, Touching the Sky to Save the World (dtothepowerof4.org), for more information about Ariel’s skills and adventures, and about the previous and upcoming novels featuring other members of her family.

This map of the North Atlantic is approximately to scale and shows cities and regions that play a role in this story. 
Before

1. 1993

 “Why? Why would you hit your brother over the head?”
Ariel’s mother looked more surprised than annoyed as she stared at her five-year-old daughter, who held a heavy three-ring binder tightly in her small hands. Ariel glared back at her mother with all the defiance she could muster. Her seven-year-old brother Zane was crying and rubbing his skull.
“He told me to,” Ariel insisted. “He did.”
“I don’t believe you,” her mother said. 
“He was kicking over my blocks, Mommy. He kicked over almost all of them and I told him three times to stop it and I said it nicely. He wouldn’t stop.” 
 “Zane? You kicked over what she was building?” The boy fidgeted while he looked at the floor. 
“Then he said ‘make me,’” Ariel declared, nodding, her bright red hair bobbing up and down for emphasis. Her icy blue eyes bored into Zane with disapproval. “So I did.”
Her mother burst into a laugh and Ariel wondered why this was funny. 
“Okay. Zane, I guess in a way you did tell her to do it,” her mother agreed.
Ariel tensed inside as her mother turned to her. Hitting other people was clearly on the list of things she was not supposed to do.
“You’re not in trouble, Ariel,” her mother said. “I don’t want you hurting people, sweetie, but if someone is doing something bad and needs to be stopped, well, then you stop them. Like you just did.”
Oh. It was okay? Ariel thought in surprise. Her mother reached out to pat her shoulder and as the large fingers brushed against her small neck, Ariel felt her mother’s words circle around in her head. You stop them. The sounds of the words and her mother’s touch made that weird thing that happened in her head sometimes happen again. 
Ariel couldn’t explain it. It was sort of a twirling feeling, like the one that she got when she spun around too fast on the monkey swing. Only her body didn’t turn—something inside her mind did. Like everything had been one way and now was kind of different even though nothing in the room changed at all.
Ariel shrugged. Adults must have ways of dealing with this because they never seemed to mention the problem. The one time that she had asked Zane about it he hadn’t known what she was talking about. Maybe Zane was odd and it didn’t happen to him. Ariel knew that the feeling would pass. It always did. 
Right now, she was going to go outside and play. Being outdoors and away from people always helped steady her when this happened. She’d figure this other stuff out as she got older.

******   

Baldur was one of those boys who grew slowly, and at twelve years old it embarrassed him that his younger brother had become taller and stronger. As the first touches of spring started to shatter Iceland’s long winter, ten-year-old Oskar began to lord his new physical superiority over the older brother who had once ruled his world. Baldur was lucky that he remained quicker and smarter than Oskar, or as the long days took hold he would have endured more frequent beatings than those he got.
Over the summer, Oskar never tired of taking advantage of Baldur’s slight stature, and Baldur finally realized that this had become more than a little brother’s revenge. Yes, Baldur had enjoyed skirmishing, and okay, he had enjoyed winning the skirmishes too. But, hard as he might try, he couldn’t remember ever enjoying hurting Oskar the way that Oskar seemed to enjoy hurting him. His younger brother had a cruel streak that went beyond resentment fueled by years of being on the losing end of sibling fights.
Mother intervened a few times when Oskar’s beatings began to take a turn towards brutal, and Baldur was sure he had seen growing concern in her eyes. He was hopeful that the adults would keep this situation under control, as well they should. However, his father surprised Baldur by telling his mother to stay out of her sons’ fights. 
“They’re boys. Baldur needs to learn to take care of himself. You make him weak every time you step in,” his father had said, and the criticism in his voice was clear.
Very well. The adults were going to be of no help, as usual. Baldur was a logical boy, and he knew that he had to find a way to improve his situation. He clearly could not make his body grow faster, and he could think of no way to make Oskar less cruel. So he would teach himself to fight better, even though it annoyed him that such behavior was exactly what his father intended. 
 The best he could do about his father was to vow that under no circumstances would he ever ask the man to help him with anything. If the old man had hoped that his son would turn to him for instructions in self-defense, Baldur would let the fool see just how wrong he had been. 
Baldur scoured the library for volumes on martial arts and boxing and other fighting techniques. He already liked to read just about anything, and he knew how to study. Some books were in Icelandic, but others were in Danish or Norwegian or even English, so he worked hard to learn to read all of the languages better. Being a bright boy had its advantages.
He memorized an ancient Chinese book on fighting strategy called The Art of War, and he skimmed The Five Rings, a Japanese samurai book on victory. He learned the human body’s vital points and he drew himself diagrams of where and how to punch. By the time that autumn came, he was sneaking out of bed and spending hours in the barn, engulfed in layers of thermal underwear, practicing kicks and punches by the flickering light of an oil lamp. If his teeth began to chatter, he worked out all the harder to keep himself warm. His mother and father never came out to check on him, and he suspected that both of them knew exactly what he was doing.
It was only a matter of time before Oskar managed to sneak out of the house too, and find him in the barn. Baldur heard his brother coming and knew that he was finally prepared for this encounter. It was time to let the big lunkhead know that the power structure had changed again. Baldur went so far as to yell out something insulting to Oskar before he ran up to the loft, giving Oskar the impression that he was trying to hide. A surprise ambush would only add to his advantage.
Oskar easily fell over Baldur’s outstretched leg as he came up the last step, and as Baldur straddled him and raised his arm for a decisive punch to Oskar’s throat, he steadied himself against Oskar’s shoulder with his left hand. His fingers brushed against his brother’s bare throat.
The quick whirly thing in his head happened like it always did when he touched someone skin to skin. Baldur had never questioned it. It had happened to him for as long as he could remember, and he just assumed that it was an artifact of human contact, so normal that no one ever mentioned it, just like no one ever talked much about swallowing or exhaling. 
The quick flicker of what was about to happen was always followed within a second or two by the happening itself, and then the whole phenomenon was gone. It was useless and sometimes mildly annoying, and he figured that it was probably why people didn’t touch each other all that often.
Only this time, the flicker was not what Baldur expected. It wasn’t Baldur delivering the punch. It was Oskar biting into his left wrist hard, drawing a strong spurt of blood before Baldur could do what he had planned. Baldur jerked his arm off of his brother before the painful reality could follow the image, and then in outright anger he swung his fist harder than he ever had into his brother’s nose.
The blood that spurted everywhere was all Oskar’s, and Baldur wondered if his father would be proud of him or be angry about this. It didn’t matter. Oskar was holding his nose in pain and eying him with a new level of hatred. 
Baldur realized two things. The first was that he was going to have to be excruciatingly careful around his brother, probably for the rest of his life. The second was that the flickers could apparently be useful, at least if something surprising was about to happen.
Why hadn’t someone mentioned that before? Why didn’t others use this more to their advantage? Or maybe they did. Baldur had a lot of questions, but while straddling his angry, bleeding brother was no time to sort them out.  He’d figure out those other answers as he got older.

2. 2009

As a child, Ariel assumed that a certain degree of knowledge about both the past and the future was simply part of being human. All people seemed to hold memories in their minds, fragments of what had happened yesterday or last month or even years ago that were brought back at will, or by sounds or smells or random thoughts. The recollections weren’t always complete or accurate, but they were close, and everyone functioned just fine with memories intruding, sometimes at inconvenient times. 
The reason that young Ariel figured that people all had the same sort of knowledge of the future was that everyone talked like they did. Adults, especially the people on the never ending news shows that fascinated her mother, went on and on about what was most likely to happen tomorrow, or how something was improbable, exactly like they knew it was so. It wasn’t until Ariel was ten that she finally realized that other people had memories like hers, but in spite of what they said, they had no data about the future.  Not like she did.  
For all that they pretended otherwise, everyone else was only guessing, and they had been doing so all along. Ariel felt misled and even lied to. Why hadn’t all the grown-ups just admitted that they didn’t know? Ariel thought about asking her parents, but to be honest she was a little annoyed with them too.  
By seventh grade, Ariel figured out that her anger wasn’t justified. No one ever admitted that they were guessing about the future because it never occurred to any of them that they could be doing anything else. It turned out that there was a word for what Ariel thought of as her future memories. They were called premonitions. Most, if not all, sensible people did not believe in such things and considered any claims to the contrary to be a lot of superstitious nonsense. 
Ariel was an analytical child. She reasoned at that point that if she suddenly spoke up and declared herself to be a lifelong psychic, she’d probably just get in trouble. Kids got grounded for making things up. Her parents wouldn’t believe her, and she couldn’t prove them wrong. 
The biggest problem was that her forward memories were even less reliable than her memories of the past. Not only were they incomplete and sometimes vague, but they had an additional fuzziness to them because nothing from the future was ever certain. That’s how it was different from the past. 
She didn’t know how to explain it, so she decided to just keep things to herself, at least until she understood it better. Now, at twenty-one-years-old, she was still trying to understand it, and it had become her deepest secret.
It helped that she’d made up her own vocabulary, with useful words like premory. She had memories and she had premories, and that made it seem less weird. 
Memories could be set off by most things, and they came with pictures, smells and sounds, and with a knowledge of what it was that had happened. Like she didn’t just see an image of a giant rock gorge in her mind, but she smelled the dust and felt the dry heat of the desert and knew that it was the Grand Canyon and that she’d been there with her family in 2001. Memories were complex things that could change a little over time as items were forgotten or new ones recalled. They were never complete.
Premories were never complete either. Like memories, they came with a knowledge of what they meant. No vision of standing by a giant rock gorge and wondering where the hell it was that she was going to be. The knowledge that this was the Grand Canyon was as clear in a premory as it was in a memory. 
However, she couldn’t just will them out of nowhere. They could be set off by sights, sounds and smells, but they were mostly set off by touch. She wasn’t sure why. Skin-to-skin contact was by far the strongest trigger. Touching objects recently touched by someone else or touching someone through clothing occasionally would bring on a premory, but luckily not all the time. The latter took intent and concentration, which worked out well considering that she was always touching something with some part of her body. What kind of life would it have been if premories intruded every time she took a step or picked up a fork?
She made her own life easier by avoiding physical contact with people, except of course for some occasional sexual experimentation. This left others with the impression that she was a little cold, but nothing could have been further from the truth. Ariel had a warm heart and cared a great deal for the people she was close to. She just preferred not to touch them.
Once she left for college, she was dismayed to discover that her premories required less stimulation to set them off, and they now occurred more frequently with no effort on her part. She’d grab a door handle or a drink at a water fountain, and a random bit of knowledge about a complete stranger’s best or worst experience next week would pop into her mind. It was annoying. She started to carry a water bottle and wear gloves.
Ariel speculated that the new onslaught of information might have been brought on by her being on her own for the first time. Perhaps her subconscious was just trying to help her take better care of herself? It wasn’t working so well. 
Drinking, however, did work well to stop the premories. Ariel knew that if she partied again tonight she could shut them all out until morning. That was not a good long-term solution, and Ariel knew it, but some days you had to do what you had to do.  

******

As a new, untenured professor at a small engineering school in Copenhagen, Carl had not expected to have a small office of his own, but fortune had smiled upon him. He had grown up with almost no space of his own in far off Greenland, and after the crowded quarters he had shared in school, this little office meant a great deal to him. He tried to repay the university in his own way, by making himself available to his students during ample office hours and meeting one-on-one with even the lowliest of undergrads as they struggled with the difficult material. Yet he knew that it was his research that was far more valued by the university than his efforts to teach, so he tried to find ways to do both well. 
The man who stood outside of his office door today looking for permission to enter was not a colleague, too old to be a normal student and too young to be a normal student’s parent. Curious, Carl motioned him inside.
The man spoke English with a heavy Irish accent, and the desperation in his eyes made Carl question if the man was entirely stable. The obvious high quality of the man’s clothes, shoes and briefcase argued against insanity, even though Carl knew it shouldn’t. The wealthy had their share of crazy people too. They just were used to being treated better. 
The more the man talked, the more concerned Carl became. This visitor had an uncommon knowledge of aeronautics for a layman, and he wanted to help fund private space exploration. That didn’t indicate any loss of grip on reality—a lot of people shared that dream.
This man fervently believed that the future of the human race lay in permanent settlements off of the Earth. Carl didn’t disagree. It was a popular notion, and it was perhaps true, and no one could doubt the conviction in this man’s voice. The man wanted to know specifically what he could do to help put mankind into space. Carl sighed and tried to answer kindly.
Cost and timing were both enormous. Even a well-informed layman could hardly understand the obstacles to making a meaningful contribution to establishing any sort of permanent human foothold off of the planet Earth. Of course it sounded appealing. But no one person really had that kind of money, and no sane hobbyist wanted to devote themselves to something like this for the decades that would be needed.
“Find another passion,” Carl suggested, with as much gentleness in his voice as he could muster. “There are plenty of worthwhile endeavors out there for a man with money who wants to make the world better. Almost any one of them will produce more tangible results.”
“Yes, but not one of them will matter in the end,” the visitor answered sadly. “That is, they won’t matter after 2352. How can a person know this, and not try to do something?”
Carl froze in his chair. Another man would have embraced the theory of “crazy visitor” at that point, and Carl would have too, except. Except that he had heard the year 2352 mentioned in the same context before.
Carl had a mostly Inuit cousin and childhood friend back in Greenland who had always claimed to see the future. Many of the Inuit made claims like that, frankly, and Carl, who grew up in one of Greenland’s more Danish homes, had been taught to take such with a grain of salt.
But this little boy, a cousin of roughly the same age who became his best friend at family gatherings, insisted that he really did have visions. The predictions he made were always of events that would not occur at least for decades, so they were of little interest to any of the adults in the boy’s life, be they Inuit, Danish or the mix that made up Carl’s family.
Carl, however, loved science fiction, and as a child he had read nothing but stories of rocket ships and robots. The future fascinated him. He loved to listen to his cousin, and he would join in, adding his own ideas from whatever he was reading at the time. For years, at every family wedding and funeral, the two boys would sneak off together and collaborate on a shared version of tomorrow that was half prophecy and half comic books and pulp fiction.
Then one day in their early teens, his cousin had somberly informed him that he had become certain that the human race would soon be extinct. They had argued about it, with the passion that only the young can have for a dispute that is so philosophical. Carl believed deeply that humans would soon be so far flung across the galaxy that even the sun going supernova would not be able put an end to his species. But his cousin remained adamant.
It would all end, and it would be far sooner than Carl thought. In fact, the cousin even insisted that he knew the exact year. For the first time in their friendship, Carl retorted that the boy was full of shit and it was about time that someone told him so.
After Carl’s outburst, he and his cousin stopped playing their shared game of designing the future. The next time that they met Carl apologized for his outburst, of course, and there were no more harsh words between them, but the fun had gone out of their friendship. Teenage activities began to keep Carl away from family events, and the two boys lost touch. 
Carl hadn’t thought of his cousin’s dire prediction for a long time, but now he stared at his visitor with curiosity. “You’re sure this happens in exactly 2352?”
The visitor nodded sadly. “I’m positive. There are so many variations, but it is always that year, no matter how it goes.” Carl scooted his chair forward, the better to hear the man.
“You are the second person to mention this particular year to me. Please,” Carl said. “Tell me more.”

*****

Ariel and her best friend Laura headed over to the frat party already lightly buzzed, thanks to a little pre-party cocktail shared with friends in the sorority. Only instead of having its usual soothing effect, tonight the alcohol was making Ariel more agitated. She’d made the mistake of opening a care package from her mom earlier, and apparently the connection with things that her mother had packed for her was strong enough to get her started. Damn. The images in her head had kept getting clearer, clamoring for her attention like inmates who see a jailor in the distance.
“Are you okay?” Laura asked her as they walked through the crowded university courtyard. Usually a quiet and even aloof girl, Laura got more friendly and solicitous when she drank. “You seem kind of off tonight.”
“Yeah, I feel kind of off. You think maybe there was something else in that drink?”
Laura shook her head. “No. I feel fine. I don’t think I had as much as you did though.”
“I’ll be okay. Damn, I left my phone back in the room. I wish I’d brought it.  Oh well.” Ariel shook it off with a determined laugh. “Come on. Let’s go have some fun.”
Only the party wasn’t much fun, at least not for Ariel. The harder she tried to enjoy herself, the more overwhelmed she became. Tonight she couldn’t get the images to solidify or even slow down, and for the first time she couldn’t get herself to ignore them. There was some unexpected and serious possibility emerging and it concerned her family. Mom, Dad, thirteen-year-old sister Teddie and older brother Zane swam in and out of her focus, the mélange of video clips repeating in her head until she started to see a pattern.
This wasn’t normal. She usually saw how much fun something was going to be. Or not. Or if a pair of shoes she admired was likely to go on sale or if a girl down the hall was likely to pass her math test. Let’s face it, she thought. I see stupid stuff about myself and others. Ignore it, pay attention to it, believe it or not. It never really matters. 
One of the odd things about the future was that her knowledge about it always came with a vague sense of likelihood.  It was just a feeling of real likely, sort of likely, outside chance—that sort of thing. Ariel knew that she tended to assign fractions to her premories, like a one out of three chance of happening, or a ninety-percent probability, even though she was guessing. Usually, if she wanted, she could see at least some of the other possible outcomes, and if she really concentrated, sometimes she could even get to the possibilities way out on the fringe. Weird options lived out there, and she knew enough to ignore them. 
But tonight, for some reason, what had once been unlikely possibilities in her life had begun to turn into significant probabilities. To start with, there was a reasonably high chance that her mother was going to die. Not eventually, but soon. Next weekend. Drown, in fact. Drown? Her mother hated the water and could barely swim—no way she was drowning. 
Ariel made her way outside, pushing past those who tried to talk to her or, worse yet, grab at her as she brushed against them. “I feel sick,” she muttered to anyone who got close. She walked far enough away from the frat house to find some measure of silence and she took a few deep breaths.
Water. Ninety-percent chance that her mother, Lola Zeitman, was going to be hearing rushing water while she fought for air. Ariel was sure of it and that was ridiculous. Or was it? Weren’t Mom and Dad going canoeing next weekend? Yeah, Dad had been all excited about putting together some kind of surprise for her outdoors-loving mother, and it was on some little creek up in Arkansas. Were creeks deep enough to drown in? Ariel concentrated. The premory was filled with heavy rains, rendering rivers swollen from the storms. Shit. It looked like she finally knew something that she could not ignore.
Ariel decided that this might be the night that she needed to stop trying to hide what she did. Her heart started to pound. She needed to call her parents now and talk them out of going on this trip. She would tell them whatever she needed to, as long as they believed her and stayed home.
As Ariel contemplated making the phone call, she got dizzier. She sat on the curb while she tried to clear her head. These days she understood that disorientation meant that new possibilities were being incorporated into what she premembered, and that some of those new outcomes had to do with actions she was about to take.  
As she tried to sort out which of the various possibilities were tied to which course of action, she saw filmy threads emerge in her mind, linking one bit of behavior to several, but not all, outcomes.  She noticed that the same end result could be achieved by a variety of different actions as well. The strength of the cord was probably related to the strength of the causality, right?
So it wasn’t a line, it was a web. The past, present and future touched in an intricate spider’s creation in which some actions mattered very little and some were key to countless outcomes. Everything could be achieved many ways and any action could produce several results. Ariel stared in delight at the clarity of this revelation.  
Life and time and cause and effect were so much more complex than she had realized. This particular premonition was far more complicated than any that Ariel had ever experienced. It was probably because it was so much more important than anything that had come before. She studied it carefully.
If her mother went on the river, there was a ninety-percent chance that she was going to get trapped under a canoe and not be able to make it back up to the surface, but less than a forty-percent chance that she would die. It was more likely that she would find a way out of the situation, although Ariel could not see how.
And if she didn’t die, then there was nearly a one-hundred-percent chance that her Dad, Alex, would try to rescue Mom as she flailed her way downstream afterwards without a life jacket. What happened to her mom’s life jacket? Never mind. 
Once it went this way, there was maybe a twenty-percent chance that her dad would die trying to pull her mom out of the raging river. What the hell were her parents doing in this river anyway? Didn’t they have more sense that this?
Apparently her family had never skirted disaster so closely or she would have dealt with this situation before. Ariel started walking home slowly as she tried to clear her head. She absolutely, positively had to get back to the sorority and get her phone. 
But the sparkling threads began rotating in her mind as she moved, giving her a three-dimensional look at this vision. It came with the most compelling feelings of knowing that she had ever experienced with a premory. Look over here. Her mother needed to be in that river, she needed to almost drown, because then and only then would that something wonderful happen over there. Not just to her mother, either, because it appeared that the results of the time in the river were great for lots of people. The canoe accident was a nexus point, one of the big shining loci that mattered so much more than most other things did. 
She looked further. Her dad had to wade out into the cold fast water because it caused him to learn something important, and he needed that knowledge over in another other part of the web.  If he lived, which he probably would, he’d be different from then on and that difference would not only save his own life later, it would help him save other lives too. It looked like her dad was going to be quite a hero someday, but only if he waded out there and lived through it.
Ariel’s walk had brought her home, and as she made her way to her room she was glad that it was Friday night and the sorority house was deserted. She could feel tears running down her cheeks at the enormity of the choice that she was about to make.
Thanks to unusually heavy rains, her parents were poised to acquire a destiny, a chance for making a positive difference in the world. Yet this future happened only if Ariel stopped and did not make a phone call home. She had to sit tight for a whole week and let it all unfold, as though her gift of seeing the future never existed.
Ariel thought of how awful it would be if any of it turned out poorly. She looked to see if she could possibly find the worst-case images in the fleeting, floating mirage. Like headlights on a car at night, her vision only seemed to penetrate so far in the gloom ahead. Now, she studied the furthest she could see with a new urgency. If she did nothing and let the weekend unfold as it would, it was true that there were possible outcomes that were very sad. Others, the more probable others, were okay. In the end, there was no mistaking the fact that her interference would introduce a higher probability of a worse outcome somehow, somewhere down the road. She was sure of that.
Either you believe in a gift of prophecy or you don’t. If you don’t believe, why call people and get them all upset? And if you do? Damn that care package from Mom. Ariel knew that her best course of action was to pretend like this whole stream of information had never made it into her consciousness. 
She got up and pulled a beer out of the mini-fridge hidden under Laura’s bed and chugged it down, wondering how many more she was going to need to get through an entire week of this. She realized that she was more tired than she had ever been and in less than a minute she was sound asleep on her bed, still fully dressed. 

Part 1. Touching the Sky to Save the World

3. Winter Begins in 2011

Distance from her family and their many recent misadventures was one reason why getting a job in London had seemed perfect to Ariel last spring as she finished her master’s degree in the growing IT field of equity trading technology. Sure, going to Europe was an exciting opportunity in its own right, and she had already enjoyed a long weekend in Paris and another in Prague. 
Yet she had not gone to Europe just for fun, or even for resume building. The whole incident with the canoeing accident two and half years ago had left Ariel worried about her ability to keep quiet the next time that the safety of those she loved and cared about became an issue. Luckily that horrible weekend had ended as well as it could have. She didn’t want to be around for the next catastrophe that she was powerless to prevent. Not because she didn’t love them, but because she did. 
The past six months in London had involved a lot of socializing with clients and attending business functions with people she barely knew and would likely seldom see again. That was so much easier. If she brushed against a man’s hand, or picked up a pen just used by another woman, she got a fleeting glimpse of a future event, but one she could ignore with little effort.
It also helped that she was learning better coping techniques. Now that she was free from the grind of constant studying and had money to play with, she took yoga classes three times a week and was enrolled in a self-defense seminar. All the breathing, stretching, kicking and punching worked to keep her calmer and more focused.
As she put some water on the stove to boil pasta, she considered that it was a plus that she enjoyed what she was learning at her job in London. The company, Ultra-Low Latency Ltd. and commonly just called Ullow, was in the process of training her to be a support engineer. The position would play well to both her social skills and her flair for understanding how computers stored and moved the massive amounts of data going to and from a stock exchange. Her first six months had mostly consisted of learning about hardware, as in the infrastructure design and network hosting services that her company provided to its high-end clients. She’d caught on quickly and she knew that Ullow was happy with her. 
After Christmas, she was hoping for a new assignment that would put her in touch with the company’s real-time network monitoring systems and its personalized consulting services. She’d touched enough people and things around the office to know that odds were better than even that she’d get her wish. She popped red sauce in the microwave and poured herself a glass of Chianti. Yes, the wine still took the edge off of the premories, and she might as well make it an Italian theme night, she thought. Too bad there wasn’t a guy in the picture to join her for dinner. That would have made it worth lighting candles.

The next day Ariel’s younger sister Teddie called. As a fairly timid junior in high school, Teddie had let her best friend Michelle talk her into participating in a semester exchange program abroad and the two girls had ended up in Darjeeling, India. Thus, there would be a family Christmas gathering in Darjeeling in a few weeks as Teddie finished the semester and prepared to head back to Texas. Ariel was looking forward to the holiday even though she was also sure that being in the same hotel with her parents, her brother and sister would bring images of their futures flooding into her head with renewed intensity.
When Ariel had said goodbye to Teddie last June, there had been unavoidable touch, and Ariel had caught flickers of futures in which her little sister discovered some sort of psychic ability of her own. Was her sister going to begin to see the future, too? 
Over the months since, Ariel occasionally struggled to visualize what Teddie’s capability was exactly, but it only materialized as a vague ghostly image of her sister, and Ariel suspected that it was something she did not understand.
Today’s phone call finally brought an explanation. After a few quick pleasantries, Teddie sounded embarrassed as she explained that she had almost no chance to get off campus and shop and that she had developed an interest in a kind of odd topic. Could Ariel please bring along to India any books she could find on out-of-body experiences?
Oh. So that’s what was going on. Teddie was learning to use astral projection. Ariel laughed to herself. She and her little sister, different in so many ways, were going to have one thing in common after all, assuming that having a secret talent was something that they could share. 
Ariel shrugged. So out-of-body experiences were real. If you believed in one thing that was generally deemed impossible, it wasn’t much of a leap to believe in two. She assured her sister that she’d be happy to get books on any old, odd thing at all, not to worry. 
After work the next day, Ariel set off on her new mission. She thought that it would be fun to go looking in the many strange little book stores that could still be found tucked away in the dodgier parts of London. As she picked up the first book, she had a premory as strong as any she had in a while. To her surprise, it wasn’t about the last person to have handled the hardcover volume. Rather, it was a vision of herself, dismayed as she found out that by paying for this book with a credit card she had caused so many more problems for Teddie. She would make her sister’s life worse if she paid with a credit card? Ariel checked her wallet for cash. She had enough to pay for this book, so why not use it? She’d pick up more money on the way home. 
Over the next couple of days, Ariel amassed quite a little collection of volumes on the subject of out-of-body experiences, and she found herself oddly proud that she had done it without leaving any internet footprint at all. Some unpleasant futures were easy to avoid, she thought with satisfaction. 
Then a week later Ariel got a call from her frantic mother with the shocking news that Teddie’s friend Michelle had been kidnapped in Darjeeling. The suspects were involved in human trafficking. The girls’ families and the school they were attending were all in shock. 
That night, as Ariel pulled out her suitcase and started to pack, the tears rolled down her face for Michelle. With nothing to touch, Ariel could not find a way to glean more knowledge about the girl’s future, and even though she wanted to find a way to help Teddie’s friend, on some level she was glad not to see the details of what Michelle was about to face. 
As the tears ran their course, she finally allowed herself a little self-pity as well. Could she have somehow prevented this if she had been working harder to see her family’s future instead of avoiding it? Should she be keeping better tabs on everyone she knew? She’d run away from not being able to avert disaster once before, but maybe she’d run too far? Was this how real life was going to be for her, always trying to strike a balance between knowing too little and knowing too much?
As she stuffed a handful of random warm socks into the corner of her bag she considered the ramifications of never knowing when to keep her distance. What if she chose wrong every time that mattered? It looked like she was zero for two so far. In that case, she thought as she tugged in frustration on the bag’s zipper, the world would be better off without her. 
The next morning her mood was every bit as foul as she drug her things out through the cold heavy mist to the waiting cab, and then as the cab sat almost idle in holiday traffic heavy with honking horns and anxious people. Damn, she hated crowds and congestion. The cab inched forward as the mist turned into a hard rain and she looked internally in vain for any action at all that she could take at this point that would make anything better for Michelle. All Ariel could get as she touched the chilly, wet glass of the back seat window was that there would be a steady parade of disgruntled passengers in this cab staring out at the cold rain over the next few weeks. 
When her plane finally did take off from Gatwick Airport hours later, Ariel watched the grey fog outside her little double-paned window turn into darker and denser clouds. Finally, the aircraft began to break free of the gloom. Tendrils of grey reached upwards out of the clouds as though trying to pull the aircraft back to earth, but the plane kept rising. Soon nothing but a bright glorious blue surrounded it. Ariel put her hand tight against the Plexiglas, feeling for just a second like she was touching the sky. A smile broke out over her face and she realized how long it had been since she smiled and meant it like she did now, from her heart.

The Zeitman family was happy to be together at the lovely hotel situated with a view of the Himalayas, in spite of the sad situation. They had cut their vacation back to one week and added several security precautions in response to Michelle’s abduction. Their first night happened to be Ariel’s twenty-fourth birthday, and she thought it was the oddest celebration ever, as they ate in the hotel restaurant and guards made several obvious passes by their table. 
Her mother saw the look on her face. 
“I’m sorry it’s not much of a party, dear,” she said as she reached over and touched Ariel’s hand. Oh no, not a good idea. Ariel gave her mother a weak smile as she pulled her hand away, but not before she found herself aware of the growing likelihood of a near-term future in which Mom also had friends involved in this out-of-body thing. Mom? 
It looked like there was a good chance that these friends were going to contact her mother over the next few days. Ariel noted with happy surprise that Michelle’s odds of a safe rescue went up considerably with this strange new scenario. It was about time to finally see a change that was good.
“You okay Ariel?” Zane was giving her a puzzled look too.
“Better than I was few minutes ago,” she said honestly.
 
“Turn around and smile for a family photo.” Ariel tapped Teddie on the shoulder as she said it. They had been seeing the sights around Darjeeling for two days now and were bundled up and standing together at the town’s beautiful sixty-foot-high Peace Pagoda, an obvious place for a great picture. 
Teddie obliged and turned, and Ariel posed with a fake happy grin as she gingerly put one arm around their mother who stood in the middle. Layers of coats and clothing always dulled the effect and she was so pleased that no premonitions came with the touch. After the picture, Ariel withdrew her arm as she and her mother walked on, with Ariel talking about her life in London.
“Honey, I see how tired you look and I’m worried about you. I think you work too hard. Don’t you ever get to go out? See sights, have some fun?”
“I do, Mom. The whole office goes out on Fridays for a kind of English pub version of happy hour, and a couple of the other new hires and I hang out a little. I’ve ridden the London Eye twice now,” she said, trying to make her mother feel better. But her mother had stopped listening and was looking back at Teddie who was still talking to the large man in Buddhist robes who had taken the photo. 
 “Teddie! Get over here now!” her mother yelled, and Ariel wished silently that her mother could learn how to relax a little more.
Two days after that, the family assembled for Christmas dinner at one of the best restaurants in Darjeeling, and the future that Ariel had seen back during their first meal began to solidify. People interrupted their celebration, and Teddie, Mom and Dad huddled together whispering as her parents reluctantly agreed to leave their sixteen-year-old in India for weeks, maybe months, more.
Later, as Teddie brushed against her, Ariel was pleased to realize that with every decision that had been made that day, the odds had increased for a good outcome for Teddie, Michelle and for several other people Ariel didn’t know. It was time to try to forgive herself for not having been in close enough contact to have been able to warn Michelle. 

******

“You want me to move out of London? But I’ve only been here six months!” Ariel could hear the shrillness in her own voice, and she understood that it was not warranted. The company was well within its rights to ask her to transfer if she wanted this promotion and new assignment. It was just that it was such a surprise, and Ariel didn’t deal well with surprises. They almost never happened.
Yet if she had been paying attention she probably should have seen this one coming. The employees who had come back to work on the days between Christmas and New Years had all been talking about Gloria, a support engineer at the end of the hall whom Ariel had met at a few social events. Clyde Johnson, well known around the office as Gloria’s asshole boyfriend, had surprised everyone, including himself, by proposing to Gloria on Christmas Day. 
Everyone knew that Gloria had already accepted a transfer to the Ireland office and guessed that Clyde’s strong dislike of both romance and commitment had been just barely overcome by his strong dislike of the idea of not getting to have sex nearly as often, with his main squeeze located on another island.  Gloria had of course decided that she now needed to remain in London to plan the most wonderful wedding ever. Just yesterday she had rescinded her agreement to transfer to Dublin right after the first of the year. 
That meant that the company needed someone else to go to Dublin immediately, and almost nobody wanted to go. The Ireland office was mostly about writing code because Ireland’s lower costs enabled Ullow to hire more young programmers while keeping the expenses down. It was something of a nuisance that a few clients insisted on being handled out of the Dublin office, and rumor had it than none of these were clients that would enhance a young engineer’s career. 
In fact, Ariel had always picked up a sort of wink associated with these particular customers as well as a “you know, the Irish” tone whenever any of her bosses spoke about the Dublin office. What was it, exactly? Not condescending so much as it was a sort of unspoken understanding that the Irish would find ways to bend rules where the British would not. She got the impression that work that might raise an eyebrow in London was sometimes diverted to Dublin, where eyebrows were by custom less questioning.
Ariel had no objection to Ireland—she knew it had its charms. Unfortunately, she’d heard that the Ullow office was located in the greyest, bleakest part of town, far from anything charming. All of the company’s glamorous wining and dining was done out of the corporate headquarters in London, where the office itself was considerably nicer, the perks were greater and the chance to impress management was much higher. A transfer to Dublin was career limiting and everyone knew it. Only someone with little ambition, like Gloria, would volunteer to go there.
Ariel understood how she made the quickly assembled short list of those being considered to go instead.  She was already thought to be bright enough to learn whatever she needed to know and yet, as a new hire being offered a promotion, she would have to go with little complaint.  She fought to make her voice more pleasant as she reached for the manila folder that the HR man had been trying to hand her. She gave the man a weak smile as she took out the contents.
She must have touched something once handled by Gloria, because with the touch came the premory that there was a fifty-fifty chance that Clyde wouldn’t even go through with the wedding. With that came the knowledge that whether he and Gloria got married did not matter much at all, eventually not even to Gloria. What mattered was that one Ariel Zeitman, who until today had nothing particularly spectacular in her likely future, was now unexpectedly going to Ireland where she would almost certainly meet people and learn things that would change her forever. 
 Ariel picked up papers that held the transfer information, and ran her hands over them, willing any information to come to her. 
“I’d like to think about it for a day.” She said it as calmly as she could manage. 
“We’d like to get the paperwork started before the end of the year,” the man from HR said. “Tomorrow is New Year’s Eve, so you have your day. Barely, because we need to know by noon since we are going to close the office early.”
“Sure,” Ariel nodded. “Let me just take this information home with me and I’ll give you my answer first thing in the morning.”
As she stepped outside for some air, she had a pretty good idea of what her answer would be. The nice man from HR hadn’t noticed how firmly she had placed her hand against the wall after handling his manila folder, and he had no way of knowing that it was to steady herself against the kaleidoscope of new visions that came rushing at her while a tiny percent probability of a transfer turned into an almost certainty.
“Holy crap.” Ariel muttered it softly again and again as she made her way out of the building, her eyes half closed as she tried to calm her mind. “Holy crap.” She sat down on the cold concrete steps to steady herself. “Holy crap.” She couldn’t quit saying it.  
What Clyde didn’t know, couldn’t know, would never know, was that in making his proposal he might have changed the fate of the human race. Ariel saw herself months from now, learning that thanks to Clyde Johnson’s sex drive, she was somehow being given a chance to play a role in the very survival of the humanity.  
There was so much confusion in the premory. She couldn’t see how, she couldn’t see when and as the flashes of little specks of her most distant visions whirled their way through her brain, all she got with any clarity at all was that this decision mattered. A lot.
Yes, she thought she’d accept the transfer.  

4. Winter in Dublin

“So they finally talked someone into coming here.” Eoin Finn barely looked up from his monitor as he continued to type away with rapid-fire strokes. Ariel stood in the doorway of her new boss’s office, waiting to be invited in, but Eoin kept his fingers moving in a manner that made it clear that he wished this interruption would go away. 
As she stared at him, he looked up at her and seemed surprised to find an attractive young woman glaring at him.
“Oh. I take it back. The London office has been unusually helpful this time, now haven’t they? You’ll do nicely. Our clients will like you just fine,” he said. “And you can probably generate new business better than I ever could,” he added as he shrugged his slender, wiry frame in acceptance of what he considered a simple fact of life. When she continued to stand there, he added “Glad to have you here. Now go on. Go get settled in.”
 Ariel shrugged and headed back to her desk. So, this constituted a welcome.
The day before she left London, Ariel had learned that her new boss Eoin had been personally handling all local sales efforts as well as Ullow’s three major clients in the Dublin office. Eoin had a reputation as a workaholic loner with mediocre people skills, and she wasn’t inclined to argue with that last bit. The office in Ireland didn’t get much attention from Ullow’s upper management, but they had finally acknowledged that the man was worn out from handling responsibilities that should have been shared long ago. The position Ariel was filling was created so that Eoin would have more time to focus on matters behind the scenes, and could concentrate on parts of the business that played to his strengths.
Later, when Ariel was fooling around with her email, Eoin came by, and he seemed more relaxed. 
“That was too short of a greeting. I don’t interrupt so well. Here. You should read through these briefs I made for myself when I began this job,” he told her as he laid four files on her desk. “They contain my own personal and, by the way, very confidential take on our three clients, and I’m trusting you when I give these to you. Trust from me is important. Here’s another folder on all of our other best prospects in Dublin.”
Ariel peaked inside of one folder and saw pages of notes hand-written in an extremely neat and tiny script.  
“You don’t need to know every detail of what these guys are doing,” Eoin continued. “I’ll be the first to admit that they’re a prickly lot, and I think that each one of them likes to handle their business out this office because we’re a bit more inclined to let them be that way. So just skim over things and get the big picture. Remember that your main job with them is to personally assure each one that they are our number one priority.  Let them know that you hang out with and talk to the people writing their code and that it is going splendidly. Tell them this a lot. Note any changes or additions to what they want and pass those straight on to me. I’ll take it from there.”
The man had dark brown hair, but his face was fair and heavily freckled in the way of many Irish. Ariel guessed that he was in his early forties, but considered that his freckles and upturned nose could make him look younger than he was. He squinted back at her as he started to leave her cube, studying her reddish hair, her own light freckles and her blue eyes as if he had just noticed them. “You part Irish? Better yet, you like Guinness? Around here, either one helps and both would be great.”
Ariel laughed. “I’m a quarter Irish. Grandpa Conroy, my mom’s dad, was second generation from County Offaly. Took his Irish ancestry quite seriously and I got more than my share of his genes. Yes, I love Guinness, but I think I got that from my dad’s side, to be honest. Dutch and Scottish mostly, but they were the beer drinkers.”
“Well, we won’t hold your dad against you,” Eoin said. “Buy a round any time you can and pass out those assurances like I told you. I’m guessing this assignment will be nothing but easy for you, and it ought to free me up to get some real work done.”
Ariel hesitated. She didn’t get the feeling that her new boss welcomed much in the way of questions. 
“It is okay if I get to know more about the coding, right? You know, find out exactly what the programmers are working on and how it is really going?” she asked.
Eoin shrugged. “If you like. Trust me—it’s boring stuff. I’m happy to be passing along whatever updates you need. But, suit yourself.” He turned to leave her cube, and as he walked away he added “You’re not going to be one of those women who goes around digging into every little thing, are you?”
Ariel stared at him as he walked away. No, I guess I won’t be, she thought as she picked up the top folder that he had left on her desk and began to leaf through it.  It was a little discouraging that this new assignment looked to be more fluff than she expected. 
The first profile was of Cillian McGrane, heir to a pharmaceutical manufacturing conglomerate in Ireland and a man who invested his own considerable wealth as a personal hobby. Across the top of the first page Eoin had handwritten in red marker: “For internal use only means DO NOT quote me or copy this.” Ariel had to smile.
Eoin went on to describe Cillian as a man with a lot of inherited wealth and not a great deal of maturity. Along with a strong attachment to social drinking and pretty women, he had what amounted to a gambling problem. Ariel looked at the photograph. Cillian carried himself like the kind of charmer who knew he looked good. She checked his age. Forty-three.
Eoin’s notes went on to say that over the years Cillian’s interest in race horses had diminished and he had turned to the stock market for a larger share of his thrills. Eoin referred to Cillian as a man who was addicted to short-term trading and one who loved to win. Unfortunately the markets of the previous decade had not been kind to him, and a couple of years ago he turned specifically to high frequency trading techniques to ensure that his wins began to exceed his losses. Ullow’s job was to see that remained the case.
Ariel thought that she knew the type. He wanted to think that there was risk in what he was doing, and that he was managing to defy the odds by winning. Never tell him that this software made wins a sure thing for anyone who used it, or this man would no longer want to play the game.
The second client, Baldur Hákonarson, was a professional Icelandic investor from Reykjavik whose firm handled the business of many of the wealthiest inhabitants of that small island nation and had quite a few international clients as well. Ariel had a vague memory of Iceland actually declaring bankruptcy during the worldwide financial meltdown of 2008. How had a whole country managed to go bankrupt? She made a mental note to learn more. Hadn’t the richest in Iceland lost everything then? Judging from the size of the portfolio this man handled, apparently not. 
Baldur was described as a very private man, highly professional and well respected in the financial community in spite of his relative youth. His company carried the enigmatic name d4. His professional photograph showed a fairly handsome pale blond man with thinning hair and a slender build, in a beautifully tailored suit. Eoin’s information said that Baldur was turning thirty-one this month, but Ariel decided that his thin light hair and slight build made one think of someone older. She guessed that he used that bit of illusion to his advantage.  
According to Eoin, Baldur had impeccable training and credentials in the financial world, and he had run this small firm for two years now, picking up the pieces for many investors after the banking crisis subsided in 2009. His reputation had originated from his consistently better than average luck with his investments, even before he entered the world of HFT, or high frequency trading. Ullow was tasked with seeing that his record only improved and the wealth of his clients continued to grow.
Eoin had noted that Baldur’s sole concerns were that the techniques Ullow offered to him were legal and were reliable. Anything else was superfluous. In other words, Ariel thought, this man not only wouldn’t mind a sure thing, he would prefer one. Ariel also inferred that he had no qualms about ethics.
 Finally, there was Mikkel Nygaard. A Greenlander. People really lived in Greenland? A few quick keystrokes let Ariel discover that apparently about sixty-thousand people did. Fishing and a little tourism were the main industries, but a fair amount of the population still lived in Greenland’s far north, hunting and living off the land. Ariel thought that perhaps she ought to learn more. 
Mikkel was described as largely Danish with some Inuit ancestry, and Eoin had made a note that intermarriage between the two groups was common in Greenland.  Mikkel’s tiny firm was headquartered in Nuuk, Greenland’s capital of sixteen-thousand people. At only twenty-eight he was the youngest of the three men and the newest to the financial scene. His company was less than two years old, and he had no previous history in the world of investing. 
Like Baldur, he managed other people’s money and a lot of it. Unlike Baldur, he handled only a single sizable account, which Eoin noted that Mikkel was hell-bent on growing by any means available.  What was this man investing? Maybe a pension fund? Hell, he could be handling the retirement savings of his entire nation. Besides fishing and escorting around a few tourists, what went on in Greenland? 
Mikkel was also described as very private, and no further information about his investment group was provided other than the fact that he had turned to Ullow in order to grow his portfolio quickly. Eoin went so far as to refer to him as a man who didn’t like to be asked questions. Any questions.
Ariel studied Mikkel’s picture. He was an attractive young man as well, but one whose dress and grooming made him look more like he belonged on a rock climbing expedition than in a boardroom. His light brown hair was longish and his jeans and flannel shirt would have made him out of place in any part of the financial world.  He looked more like he was posing in an ad for high-end camping equipment.
Ariel wondered which one of these three men, if any, would be the one who would steer her in a direction that could have the far-reaching consequences she had seen for herself and the human race while touching her transfer folder. Ever since that quick and somewhat confusing premory about Clyde Johnson’s marriage proposal, she had tried over and over again to see more of this future. She’d had no success. Her vision had gone firmly back to the mundane events of the next few weeks. Now that she had names and photographs of her clients, though, maybe she could do better.  
She sat at her desk and concentrated, trying to see something from the future of each one of these men in her head. What came to her were glimpses of her first meetings with each, and those glimpses gave no clue to what lay beyond. Except that there was about an eighty-percent chance that she’d be wearing blue all three times. Great.
 She tried again, this time touching each of the three folders in turn, knowing how just the right touch could set off the premories. But now the distant edges of her visions only flickered with too many tiny snippets, like a television showroom at the other end of the mall with each set turned to a different channel. Her brain either couldn’t or wouldn’t bring a single premory into focus in her consciousness. 
Very well. Let’s let this all progress a little further and see what happens, she thought. Guess I’ll go shopping for some more blue blouses. I know, I know, they look good with my eyes. 

******

Siarnaq held the blue of the sky deep within his memory, and he brought it out in the heart of winter to cheer his soul.  There was much about this frozen time of year to bring him joy, this time when the ice was solid and his dogs and sled could take him and his small machines and tools easily from village to village in the weeks during which the dark never ended. The People, the Kalaallit, became more friendly in the winter, letting their inner warmth more than fill the void left by the missing sun.
Yet, Siarnaq was one of those few who felt sad as the days wore on without even the faintest glimmer of twilight, and holding on to the memory of the summer solstice was how he coped. Maybe it was that same dab of Danish ancestry that had given him his unusual height and made his being named for the giant of Inuit legend all the more apt. Or maybe the sorrow came from knowing the things that only he knew.
As a young man who could repair engines and fix the little electronic things of the modern world, he was welcomed everywhere; for the little conveniences of the others had made their way into the furthest corners of his beloved Kalaallit Nunaat, now so commonly called Greenland.  Siarnaq knew that one who could move about skillfully on the ice and yet who understood radios and batteries and diesel generators could write his own ticket as the people became increasingly dependent on these luxuries. Yet dependence was not what Siarnaq wished. 
His sense of gloom at the height of winter was mild compared to the sorrow caused by the other curse he lived with. Many of the People had a sense of the future, it was true. Would the ice come early, would the fishing be good? Half of the population seemed to lay claim to predicting these important events by one means or another. Some even foresaw more unusual events: deaths, disease, unexpected visits from elsewhere. Take your pick.
Only Siarnaq seemed to be cursed with seeing the far future, that of generations past the end of his own life. He had no idea what the fishing would be like tomorrow, or if he would ever marry and if so, whom. These were questions he would have appreciated answers to, but that information would not come to him.
No, he only knew that the Inuit population that kept the old ways was most likely to continue to decline and to become more modern with every generation. Any sensible person could have guessed that, of course. Siarnaq’s curse was that he could see it happening in his head and that he alone, of all the seers of the Kalaallit, knew why that trend would be so disastrous. One day, generations from now, The People, his people, would play a very important role as humanity faced extinction. Siarnaq saw it and knew it with the same certainty that he knew where the nose was on his face.
The children needed to stay in the villages. The adults had to resist becoming too dependent on modern conveniences. Siarnaq believed that his visions had been given to him for a reason and that he must be part of making this future happen. His people could ill afford to eschew all machines, as they fought to retain their way of life in a modern world that would not leave them alone. So Siarnaq decided that his role must be to learn to know the machine and to help his people achieve a balance in its use. 
He had left his village, studied the ways of the outsiders, and had become adept at repairing their things. Now he traveled throughout his homeland, using that knowledge even as he taught his people the importance of not needing these conveniences. For surely, he reasoned, he could reach them better as an ally than as a naysayer.
“Use this to improve but never to replace the old ways,” he told them, chiefs and children, one and all. Siarnaq figured that his message of self-sufficiency was best delivered by the very person who brought or fixed the modern device to begin with.
It was true that another who knew the things that Siarnaq knew might simply give up, engulfed by the hopelessness of it all. However, Siarnaq intended to ensure that his people would fulfill their destiny when the time came—their sad destiny, for their lot in the end would only be to prolong the final elimination of humanity but for a few more dozen generations. Yet if that was all the Kalaallit could provide, then it was better than nothing. Those generations would have their lives. 

******

Baldur Hákonarson was the first of the clients to make time to meet Ariel, his new personal support engineer from Ullow. At least Ariel assumed that he had made time, because his executive assistant had sent Eoin a calendar invite for Ariel to present an update to his board of directors a week after she started. Eoin accepted and cc’d Ariel. So that was how this was going to work.
The company bought her a ticket to Reykjavik, and Eoin showed her where to find the last presentation that had been given, and suggested she start editing it immediately. He needed time to review and approve it before she left. Ariel poked around the specs in the contract and made a few cursory visits to the tech people before she began to carefully craft her message of progress. It was lucky that delivering technical content in an understandable format was something she did well.
A week later she arrived in Reykjavik at 10 a.m. to a night sky adorned with a faint glimmer of dull grey light in the south. She was met by a limo driver, and by 11 a.m. she was setting up her presentation in front of three very well dressed older businessmen and one older woman in a suit that showed her to be of equal stature. The small boardroom was on the top floor of an extremely modern office building, and a beautiful, slow, low-angle sunrise was now erupting through the glass windows off to the south. 
Her audience had little to say to her, other than to assure her that they all understood English well enough and she could feel free to present in it. Good thing, Ariel, thought, as her Icelandic was limited to halló, the rather easy-to-remember word for hello. 
As the four of them chatted in Icelandic among themselves, they cast appraising looks her way, and she realized how young and inexpensively dressed she must appear to them. A minute or two after she was supposed to start, a tall man with thin hair so blonde it was almost white entered the room. 
“Baldur,” he offered, turning eyes on her that were even bluer than her own, and she realized that he was the only person who had introduced himself to her. His greeting reminded her of the Icelandic custom of using first names only, even in the most formal situations. “Do not ever call him Mr. Hákonarson,” Eoin had emphasized to her before she left. 
 “I’m so happy to be here and I’m looking forward to adding to the growth of your company, Baldur,” she offered with all the confidence she could muster. His face told her that he was surprised by her implication that she could possibly make any difference whatsoever.
“So you’ve enjoyed your, what, three days so far in this new assignment?” he asked.
“Yes, well, I’m getting up to speed quickly,” she answered, a bit irritated at how he had gone straight to her inexperience. “It’s quite like the projects I’ve been working on over in London for a while now,” she added, stretching the truth a bit more.
“I see. Well, we at d4 are a bit more of a demanding group here, I suspect,” he said, giving his board members a knowing smile. They nodded and chuckled in agreement, leaving Ariel with the uncomfortable feeling of being on the other side of a joke she did not understand.
Ariel took a breath to regain her composure, then moved back to the front of the room and began speaking as she flipped through her slides. Her presentation went fine, but she had the distinct impression that nobody was really listening. It was all a formality, something that Baldur could put into a report for his investors. She was guessing that the meaningful crux of what Ullow provided Baldur and his people happened somewhere back between Eoin, the hardware experts and the programmers. That annoyed her. She was no one’s ornament. Maybe for the next meeting she could get their attention by learning a few words of Icelandic.
“Thank you,” Baldur said in a bored voice when she finished. “We appreciate your making the trip over to speak with us. I’ll be sending the video along to the other six guiding members of d4. They live outside of Iceland and could not join us.” The board members were gathering up their coats and hats and it looked like they’d concluded their business. Baldur reached for his briefcase, then he stopped and reached out to shake her hand. She pulled it back without thinking.
He was surprised by her reaction. Then something odd flashed across his face, something that was both a smile and a look of understanding. “I wanted to say farewell. I realize I didn’t greet you properly when I came in.”
 “I’m sorry. I can be a little jumpy sometimes.” Ariel reached out and took his hand firmly, striving for a business-like shake, but a millisecond after the touch, the premories started. Her initial flash of fear at the unexpected gave way to curiosity as Ariel found herself overwhelmed by images that were so much larger than those she was used to. Close-up and huge, like murals on a giant wall, with her so close that she couldn’t focus or make out the picture. Amidst the blur she sensed the immediate near future, and saw herself pulling her own hand away in confusion.  As she tried to steady herself, lest she become engulfed in the intensity of the sensation, she pulled her hand back just as she had seen a second before. 
Holy shit, she thought. She’d never in her life had something so immediate come at her, and she fought to regain her composure. As her gaze met Baldur’s eyes, she could have sworn she saw a look of understanding, and perhaps more. He looked bothered as well, and appeared to be struggling to regain his composure too.
“I am glad I met you,” he said. With that he turned and left the little conference room quickly, like he needed to use the restroom badly or had just remembered an important call he had to make. Ariel watched him go in silence, as the remaining board members left still talking among themselves, oblivious to the bit of drama that had just occurred.  
There was no question that Baldur had just set off the most unusual premories that Ariel had ever experienced. Ariel considered whether it was because the man would somehow play an important role in her life. Was it possible that he too had her curse? On the other hand, she had been so shook that she might have imagined his response to her. Finding another person with precognitions like her own was incredibly unlikely. Ariel had decided long ago that what she could do had to be very rare, or the world would be so different. 
So she needed to get a grip, and do her job and stop worrying about this future stuff. She needed to become far more familiar with exactly what Baldur’s professional needs were and do her best to see that her firm met them. She thought that it would also be a good idea to find a way to avoid touching him ever again.
  

 5. In the Heart of Winter

Cillian McGrane needed another beer. The lovely lady with upswept light brown hair standing next to him preferred more champagne. Ariel flipped through the mental images she remembered from the files, and identified the woman as Nell Gallagher, a part-time actress from Donegal who had been seen often at Cillian’s side at social events. More specifically, Nell was one of several women who were often seen. Cillian had one ex-wife in heavily Catholic Ireland and Ariel guessed that he didn’t intend to have a second. Ariel was not the only lady present who did her homework. Nell looked up and recognized Ariel as well.
“Cillian. Isn’t this the girl from your stock company, the new person handling all your mumbo jumbo money making?” She said it loudly, in the friendliest of ways, making it clear that she had no objection to being overheard or to mumbo jumbo money making. Cillian turned to greet Ariel.
“I do believe it is,” he said.
“Thanks for the invitation, Mr. McGrane,” Ariel said.
“Please, I’m Cillian. Mr. McGrane is my stuffy ol’ da, thank you.” He smiled to soften his rebuke. “I’m so glad that you came. I know that Eoin is out of town and I’m so far out in the country, I wasn’t sure you’d brave the drive alone.” He gestured around to the beautiful grounds of the estate. “Gorgeous afternoon for mid-winter now, isn’t it? At least the sun is out for a while. And so much better to meet you here than at some boring meeting, right?”
Ariel nodded, thinking of the awkward presentation in the d4 boardroom.  
“Plus, you come to my party, you get to have a little a taste of what the money you help me make goes for, isn’t that so?” He gave her a conspiratorial wink. “Try the lobster wrapped in bacon.”
His phone buzzed softly in his pocket.
“Damn thing never lets me be,” he muttered, pulling out the offending gadget to glare at the name of the interrupter. His face softened as he read it. “Oh, sorry. I have to take this.” He looked at Nell and waggled his fingers towards Ariel. “Would you mind, dear…”
“Of course not,” Nell smiled as Cillian headed off to talk privately. She turned to Ariel. “Let me show you the stables. It’s just a short walk and they’re quite remarkable.”
Ariel had never understood the fascination some people had with horses and she couldn’t imagine any stable, anywhere, remarkable enough that she wanted to put up with smelling all that horse shit just to look around. But she had enough social skills to know that would be a poor choice for a response.
“Sure,” she smiled back and off the two women went.
“Cillian has become such a big fan of your company and what it does. I worry a little that he’s placing too much faith in you.” Nell said it lightly as they walked but Ariel understood the implied question behind it, and the woman’s protectiveness towards a man who appeared to be her friend.
“There’s always risk involved when investing in stocks,” Ariel agreed. Nell seemed a little too sharp to try to dazzle. “We do reduce that risk considerably though. I trust that Cillian has financial advisors who push him to keep his portfolio well diversified?”
“Oh he does, he does.” Nell nodded as she made her way confidently down the stone path in stylish boots that complimented her skirt and glittery sweater. “The more he wins with you guys, though, the more he tries to override their advice. So what is it you do exactly? You send his transactions faster than the speed of light so that they beat out everybody else’s?”
Ariel winced. Okay, so science wasn’t Nell’s strong suit. “Nothing travels faster than the speed of light, as least as far as we know.” She worked hard to make sure that there was no condescension in her voice as her own foot wobbled on a loose cobblestone in her tiny heels. She found herself wishing that she had chosen something more substantial to wear than the silly sparkly cocktail dress she’d managed to find on sale last week when she’d been invited to this party.
 “At best electronic signals travel near the speed of light, which is about one-hundred eighty-six-thousand miles a second. So it’s like a little over a second for information to get to the moon, which is about three-hundred-thousand miles away,” Ariel said. She knew she was throwing out too many facts when she saw Nell’s eyes start to glaze over the way most people’s did when numbers came flying at them. “My point is that we design our hardware to minimize the path the information has to travel. A slightly shorter path gets our customer’s stock order in just a little bit quicker.”
“That doesn’t make sense.” Nell was thinking while she walked. “If what you’re saying is true, then it takes a whole hundredth of a second just for information to go from Dublin to New York, because that’s about three thousand miles. Cillian ought to be losing every time he places an order just because he lives so far away. “
“That’s right.” Ariel was happy to discover that this woman could not only follow along but she could do simple division in her head while she did it. “But Cillian isn’t making the decisions. The other thing we do for Cillian is we design software to think for him. In fact, our programs take in data, analyze it, and issue buy and sell orders based on Cillian’s criteria, but far faster than he or any other human ever could. It, the machine with our software, lives right on Wall Street and right next to the London Stock Exchange. You’re exactly right, Nell. Milliseconds do matter and we make Cillian faster every single way that we can. He still won’t always come out on top in a trade, but he will more often than not, which is what investing is all about.”  
“Oh,” Nell said it like she was surprised to find the mumbo-jumbo was quite so simple. “So what happens when everybody starts using your fancy high frequency techniques and they are all super fast? Then who wins?”
“Ummmm, hopefully we keep developing new and better ideas. I think that we will. I have to admit that right now the way the system is set up you have to have a certain amount of capital to begin with in order to maximize the benefit of what we offer.”
Nell nodded. “You mean that it’s easier to use your techniques to get richer when you’re already rich.” 
Ariel had considered the ethics of this part of her job already. “Yes. That is a fact. You don’t take a job finding ways for people to be more successful at investing if you want to open a soup kitchen. Look Nell, I’m a good person, but I’m also good at this and it pays my bills.”
“Hey, I meant no offense,” Nell said. “I mean, I party with a man who likes to show off the money you make for him, so I am most definitely not throwing rocks here.”
They were at the door to the stable. Nell paused.
“Aren’t we going in?” Ariel asked.
“I don’t see why we should,” Nell laughed. “I’d hate to see you step in horseshit in those little shoes of yours and judging from your reaction to my invitation I don’t think you particularly like horses. I just wanted the chance to visit. Let’s walk back and I’ll introduce you to Cillian’s financial advisors. You can sweet-talk them for a while. I need to get back to the guests.”
Ariel agreed, and made a mental note not to underestimate this woman. 

Mikkel Nygaard came to Dublin in late January, specifically for the purpose of meeting Ariel. Of the three men, Ariel thought that he seemed to have the least discretionary time for appearances, and he seemed to be the most irritated at having been handed off to a newcomer.
He met privately with Eoin first. 
“Not to worry, lass,” Eoin had assured her the day before. “I expected that he’d want to complain to me privately before he met you. This one doesn’t have much of a sense of humor. Well, neither does Baldur either, really, but this one, Mikkel, he takes his money even more seriously, if possible. I’m going make it clear that nothing is changed for the worse for him. You, when you meet with him you let him see how sharp you are and then let him figure out for himself how he’s going to be getting even better service from us.”
Right. Act intelligent. Ariel was more nervous than she wanted to let on as she sat across the small wooden table from the man in one of the smaller conference rooms in Ullow’s Dublin office. 
She supposed that he looked more or less Danish, with non-descript medium to light brown shaggy hair that could have benefitted from a stylist. His average build went with a body that seemed used to physical activity, and Ariel got a sense of solid strength from the way that he held himself. His dress was only slightly more businesslike than the flannel shirt and jeans he had been wearing in the photo, and she was certain that this was not a man who chose to spend his time in the world of high finance. His skin was on the fair side but his very dark brown eyes gave evidence of his Inuit heritage. Ariel studied those eyes, thinking that she had never seen irises that close to being black.
His dark eyes bored back into hers.
“What do you think about the specific order-handling treatment that successful HFT techniques rely on?” he asked with no introduction or greeting as a preamble.
“I think that some protocols have to be in place to decide which stock orders to handle first. The current system isn’t perfect, but it gets the job done. Yes, it benefits high frequency traders, but frankly I think the most savvy can and always will find a way to take advantage of any set of rules, and you can’t run a market without rules.”
Mikkel was watching her carefully. “So you’ve thought about this.” He said it as a statement.
“Yes. Quite a bit. It is what I do for a living.” The instantaneous fluctuations in the stock market and their implications for the buyers and sellers had fascinated Ariel ever since she had first learned of them. “I do have some reservations about some of the boutique order types now being designed and offered by the various electronic exchanges, but given that they do exist, I have no problem whatsoever using those order types to help my own customers make money.”
“That’s good to hear.” Mikkel stood up, indicating he’d concluded his business. “Good. You know your stuff. I won’t object to including you as part of the team. Tell Eoin that I’ll play nice as long as Ullow continues to abide by my rules.”
He offered his hand, perhaps to soften his words and his abrupt departure, but Ariel was taking no chances on touching another client. She turned away as though she didn’t notice.
“Thanks. In that case I’ll let Eoin know that I don’t object to being on your team, either.” She said it as she rose to walk out of the door. She tried to smile a little to take the sharpness out of her voice, but she was less successful than she had hoped. Mikkel raised a single eyebrow, and looked amused as she left.

Later, as Ariel thought more about her handshake with Baldur, she started to wonder if it wouldn’t be logical for her to be touching more people, not less. Not random people, of course, but Mikkel and Cillian and Eoin and anyone else who could possibly be involved with her future and the uncertainties she had encountered when Baldur took her hand.
Because if they all set off such a reaction on her part, of huge images too close up for her to understand, then maybe they all were going to be involved in this whatever-it-was that was going to happen, and that would be very good to know from the start. And if her dealings with Baldur, and Baldur alone, were significant, then she needed to be aware of that as well.
Why? What’s the point here? 
Ariel wasn’t so fond of broad philosophical questions. She was of the opinion that life should be simple, direct and fun. But okay. She could think this one through. She took a deep breath as she sat down at the tiny kitchen table that had come with her furnished apartment, and she reached for paper and pen. Maybe she could ignore cosmic issues with deep meaning if she just made a list. She did like making lists.
Priorities. She wrote it across the top in big, bold blue letters. 
1. Stay alive. 
She wrote it without hesitation. That’s not as dumb as it sounds, she thought. If I see danger, I need to protect myself. That’s healthy. People should want to stay alive, right? I probably should find a self-defense class here and get enrolled. And I definitely need to find a yoga studio.
2. Enjoy my life. 
Ariel smiled as she wrote this one. For as long as she could remember, she had only wanted to be normal and to have fun. The way everyone else did, without knowing what the chances were that the cotton candy or the roller coaster ride would bring on a tummy ache.
Her smile faded as she considered the flash of premory that had come upon her suddenly when she had been handed the packet about a new assignment in Dublin. She had clearly seen herself knowing that she could play a role in saving the human race. From what?
3. Figure out how and why humanity is at risk in the first place.
She stared at her own words. What if I don’t like the answer? What if I wish that I’d never asked the question? She picked up the pen again.
4. I need to get those answers. Then, if I can do anything to make the survival of the human race more likely, I need to do it. 
She wrote it firmly, in big strong letters. She picked up the pen again and realized that she was out of priorities.
She went back to the refrigerator and grabbed a carton of eggs. Looks like it was an omelet for dinner again tonight. As she broke the shells and dropped the three raw eggs into a little plastic bowl, she thought, Maybe saving my species should be listed ahead of keeping myself alive. Or least ahead of having fun. 
Ariel turned her attention to chopping up an onion. She’d had enough philosophy for one evening.

“Slumming today?” Jake asked. He was one of the senior coders in the group, and loosely considered the coordinator for all work being done on Baldur’s project. He was one of those tall, chubby men with curly hair and a gentle way about him that made the comparison to a teddy bear inevitable. Ariel had already established a friendly working relationship with him, even though he had pointed out more than once that Ariel spent too little time with the programmers.
“Just wondering if you guys will ever actually finish what you’re working on,” Ariel teased him back. Frankly she would like to ask him many more questions about his work, but Eoin had continued to discourage their interaction in myriad little ways.
“Of course we won’t,” Jake answered cheerfully. “Will Microsoft ever stop releasing frustrating new versions of Word? Will Google stop reinventing itself? This programming gig is long-term job security, baby. Better than building roads because you never run out of a place to put new software. You just buy a bigger computer.” 
Ariel gave him an appreciative smile back. She liked Jake for his sense of humor and for the fact that he seemed impervious to office politics.
“Do you have a little time to tell me more about the current direction of Baldur’s latest requests for modifications?” Ariel asked. As she did so, she reached out in what she hoped was a friendly, sisterly way and touched Jake’s arm. “Because I really am trying to be of some use here, both to our company and to our mutual customer.”
Jake nodded, apparently impressed by Ariel’s sincerity. 
“Okay. I’ll let the front office people in on some of the secrets.” He winked. “As you know, Baldur is mostly concerned with better tools for making quicker changes to his own parameters. Seriously, one minute he wants the defaults to go one way and two minutes later he wants to be able to change them to do something else, at least under certain conditions and then three minutes later he wants it all to go back to the way that it originally was. It sounds insane, because no one, I mean no one, has worthwhile new information on anything related to stocks that changes that rapidly.”
“So why is he bothering with these requests?”
Jake gestured for Ariel to have a seat in his office as he got up to close his door. He lowered his voice just a little. “Seriously? At first I thought that he just liked fooling around himself with the software, you know. But after a while I realized that he was spending far too much money on our services for that and, frankly, he doesn’t seem like the kind of guy that thinks play time is all that important.”
Ariel had to agree. “So do you think that the man is a little crazy? I mean, he must have convinced himself that he does need to make changes that fast.”
Jake nodded. “I figured he was maybe, kind of, you know, harmless delusional. One of those weird really smart guys that isn’t totally in touch. So I looked more closely at his trading history. We’ve got all sorts of records from him and his company, so that we can run tests using real life data from the past. I thought I’d look at it and establish that this stuff he was asking us for was basically frivolous, in case, you know, sometime down the road we couldn’t meet his demands. Then I’d have some ammunition to point out to my bosses that this man was asking for a degree of speed and flexibility that just weren’t warranted. I saw it as a kind of CYA thing.”
“I’d be careful,” Ariel warned. “I don’t think Eoin would like the idea of you being able to prove that one of his big clients was asking for things he didn’t need.”
“I know. I didn’t exactly bring Eoin into this little experiment. Ariel, look, if you want me to stop talking now, I will and I don’t blame you. I don’t want to put you on the spot with Eoin and I don’t want to put you in a compromising position just to protect me.”
“It’s okay,” Ariel assured him. “There isn’t an employee in the world that doesn’t occasionally do a little probing on their own. I’ve got no problem with where you’re going.”
“That’s just it,” Jake said. “I’m not going there. I thought I was, but the truth is weirder. Baldur isn’t asking for tools he doesn’t need. Anyone else would be.”
Jake took a deep breath, like he was trying to decide if he should go on. 
“Don’t you smoke?” Ariel asked.
“Yeah. Want to join me outside while I have a cigarette?” 
Ariel nodded. This no longer seemed like the sort of conversation to hold in the office, and she was starting to have a funny feeling about how this tied in with the close-up visions she had experienced when she touched Baldur’s hand. A cigarette would probably help Jake and fresh air would definitely help her.
 Once they were outside, Jake resumed.
“I ran tests using what Baldur tried to do with his current tools against what he would have been able to do if he had the tools he wanted. And then I looked at the same kind of information using Cillian’s investment history and I looked at it against the decisions made by two other big clients from the London office that I managed to get data on. Here’s the thing. If I improved the speed at which Cillian and the other two could have made their parameter changes, it wouldn’t have benefitted any of them. They’d win on a few new trades and lose a few that they originally won—just what you’d expect. You just don’t get new information that fast. Only it looks like Baldur does. He’d have actually done substantially better if he had the tools he wanted.”
“Really?” Ariel asked. “Is he getting some sort of insider information?”
“Not that quickly, he isn’t. And not on every stock traded. His parameters deal with trends. It’s more like he has a minute-to-minute sense of what whole segments of the market are going to do. He still needs us, our machines and our software, to make the millisecond trades, but the faster he can direct that software, even on a second-by-second basis, the better he does. We give him a few more seconds of speed and he starts to beat out everyone else past any statistical probability.”
Ariel’s funny feeling about Baldur Hákonarson was growing. “Jake, do you believe that somebody can, I don’t know, sense the future?”
“You mean like be some kind of psychic? No, I don’t. What I mean is that I didn’t used to believe in that kind of thing, at all. But facts are facts. I just don’t know how else to explain what this man can do.”
Ariel tried to make light of it. “In this case it has to be some kind of speedy crystal ball, doesn’t it, because I don’t think any psychic claims to predict things that fast?” She tried to redirect the conversation. “Is it a good thing? I mean should we be giving Baldur tools to beat out everyone else, even our other customers?”
Jake shrugged. “Maybe not, but I don’t see that it’s Ullow’s job to penalize Baldur for being exceptionally good at what he does. And just because I don’t know how he manages it doesn’t make it unethical.” Jake looked a little uncomfortable. “I haven’t come up with a good reason yet to share this information with anyone. Well, except with you today, but could this conversation stay between us, at least until I figure out more about what it is I’ve figured out?” Jake gave Ariel the same friendly brush back on the arm. “Please,” he said.
“Of course.” Ariel nodded. “Thanks Jake. I can do my job better if I know more, even if I don’t understand it either. Don’t worry, this doesn’t have to go anywhere. If you ever figure out how he manages this trick, I’d love an update.”
As she headed back inside, she knew two things. The first was that Jake had little role to play in whatever scenario Baldur was involved in down the road. At least, Jake’s touch set off nothing that sent up alarms. Secondly, next week there was at least a fifty-fifty chance that Jake’s wife would surprise him by bringing home a new puppy. A little chow chow, and a really cute one too.

******

Siarnaq watched in amazement as the three parallel dog sleds moved in careful unison over the ice. As he squinted at their oversized, unfamiliar cargo he thought that he had never seen anything quite like it. The drivers struggled to keep the sleds moving at the same pace as they hurried something unknown through the darkness to their destination.
It was large and shiny and it straddled all three of the big sleds, hanging a dozen feet or so off of both edges. Certainly it was made by humans, and it was doubtful that the people involved were Inuit. So much metal, so much craftsmanship—this thing had to have been made using many massive machines of the others. 
The deep of winter was the time for such travel. In the nearly continual night, the well frozen ice provided an easy path in a world with not a single road connecting one town or village with another. Along the Western coast of Greenland, from the relatively warm and fertile town of Narsaq on the southern tip all the way up the west coast to remote northern Qaanaaq, the Inuit and their dogs enjoyed the freedom provided by their seasonal frozen highways.
However, this group and their mysterious cargo had chosen the middle of a moonless night for their oddly synchronized journey. The better to avoid attention, Siarnaq supposed. He appeared to be the only traveler close enough to watch the mysterious group make their way. Surely others would ask questions too, if they saw such a sight.
He shook his head as the trio of sleds moved on off into the distance. To a man very concerned with keeping life as free from outside influence as possible, this giant metal contraption being slid along in the night could not possibly be a good thing. 
Siarnaq knew people who knew people, and they were well scattered throughout Greenland. More than one of them was going to have information about something so bizarre. He intended to find out where such a thing had come from, and to see to it that it was returned to its place of origin.

 6. Winter Light

Ariel spent a couple of days digesting the conversation she had with Jake. He was a smart guy with no apparent office agenda, and if he decided that Baldur had some kind of ability to see the short-term future, then Baldur probably did. It went a long way towards explaining the odd interchange she had with Baldur as well.
Ariel contrasted it against what she could do. She had never had reason to pay particular attention to the time frame before, but now that she thought about it, she did have a strong tendency to precall events that were going to happen over the next several weeks. Occurrences that were only hours away, or were over a year away, did not get precalled. She’d certainly never had a premory of something only minutes into the future, or of something happening decades from now. This had never struck her as odd before, probably because the whole thing was so odd to begin with. In fact, now that she thought about it she realized that she saw her premories through a rather arbitrary window.
So what if Baldur was like her, but saw ahead through a different gap? Maybe he could predict events seconds to minutes ahead, but no further. That would explain his love of making quick stock trades, and the horribly close-up images that she hadn’t been able to decipher when she touched him. Could she have been seeing her own immediate future?
Ariel considered what she normally precalled. She never saw the future through another’s eyes, but always through her own.  Although many of her premories centered around other people, they were always of Ariel’s own sights and sounds, or of what she would see and hear if she was present. 
So had Baldur experienced her frequency? Had her visions of what might come to pass in the weeks ahead enticed him with their distant possibilities? He could even have had premories through her eyes. Or maybe he was predisposed to see a different type of information. 
She was probably going to have to touch him again to get answers, and that possibility bothered Ariel in so many ways. She decided that she would try to learn more about this danger to humanity thing by finding methods to understand her other two clients instead.

Nell was happy to let Ullow buy her lunch. “Shouldn’t you really be taking out Cillian, dear?” she chided. “I don’t dish on my friends, so you’re not going to learn a lot from me, and I can eat a surprisingly expensive meal.”
Fair enough, Ariel thought. “How about just a little general background on the McGrane family? I’m trying to understand my clients better. Nothing I couldn’t learn elsewhere, but you save me some time. In exchange for the best Mediterranean food in town.” 
“Oh well now, someone has been doing her homework again,” Nell laughed. “Or is my love of dolmades that legendary?”
Ariel demurred with a laugh. Of course she had gotten some intel, and she would continue to do so. She made a mental note to call the restaurant ahead of time to make sure that the stuffed grape leaves that Nell loved were on the menu that day and were freshly made. She was betting that no one, especially an expressive woman like Nell, could refrain from interjecting just a morsel or two of personal knowledge into any tale that she told while she was happily eating her favorite food.

Baldur’s personal assistant was named Hulda, and Ariel struggled to put a face with the name. They had not interacted much during Ariel’s visit but she vaguely recalled a pleasant older blonde woman, probably in her mid-forties, who was quiet and efficient. Maybe even a little meek. Her hair was worn simple and long, more like that of teenaged girl.
“I was hoping to learn more about d4,” Ariel explained, “especially the members I was not able to meet.” She was lucky that Hulda spoke English well enough to converse over the phone.
Hulda explained that even the names and contact information for d4’s board of directors were confidential. Surely Ariel understood that they preferred not to be communicated with directly except by their own invitation. 
“Maybe if I need to come to Iceland for other business, I could come by your office and take some of Baldur’s staff out for lunch?” she asked hopefully, changing tactic.
“Baldur outsources all of the bookkeeping. You people are his IT department. Most days I am the only staff here. I eat my lunch at my desk,” she replied. Then, almost as an afterthought, “But thank you for your invitation.”
“Maybe I could come over on a day when the board or the accountants or any of them are already there for a meeting or something.” Ariel was not going to give up so easily.
“We don’t have company meetings, miss. Baldur’s contractors come in individually when he needs them.” She hesitated. “Baldur does have a man that handles various legal matters for him and fills in for him when he travels. Perhaps if you are in town, you’d like to take Ulfur to lunch?”
Okay, this was news. Even Eoin’s impressive intelligence on Baldur had not mentioned Ulfur.
“That would be perfect. How do I reach Ulfur?”
“I’ll connect you.”

Eoin was a fidgety man. Ariel had already noticed that he seldom let employees come into his office, and as Ariel stood in his doorway, she marveled at how spotless it was. There was one cup to hold his pencils and one to hold his pens, and not one writing implement was in the wrong place. 
“You need something, Zeitman? Or you just feeling lonely today?” He stopped typing and looked up from his computer screen, pretending to be annoyed, but now that she knew him better she didn’t think he really was.
“We didn’t talk specifically about how much you are willing to let me spend,” she answered. “I mean, I know I can do lunches and stuff, but what if I think it’s a good idea to develop a relationship with some of the underlings at these companies.”
“Why? And like who?” Eoin asked.
“Well, Cillian has a financial advisor who doesn’t particularly like us,” Ariel began.
“Yeah, yeah. Doyle worked for Cillian’s father and now he lives in fear that Cillian is eventually going to find a way to squander the family fortune. He may be right. Doyle doesn’t like investing, but he does appreciate that Ullow is protecting the McGrane’s money better than the horses ever did. You’ll never win him over any more than that. Nothing to be gained there.” 
Eoin stood up and started to fiddle with some papers on his bookshelf. It was a gesture of dismissing her, and Ariel knew it. “Who else do you want to wine and dine?” he asked finally when she didn’t leave.
“Ulfur, Baldur’s right-hand man.”
“Who the fuck is Ulfur?” Eoin pronounced it “fook”, the way the Irish did. It had the nice effect of making the word seem somehow less obscene. The Irish seemed to know it too, as the word was used far more frequently here than Ariel had ever heard it used anywhere else.
“According to Hulda, he’s both Baldur’s lawyer and the guy who handles things in Baldur’s absence. She declined my offer to come over to Reykjavik and take her out to lunch, but she was nice enough to suggest I take Ulfur instead.”
“You actually invited a secretary in another country out for a business lunch?” Eoin turned to face her as he stood, now giving her his full attention. He seemed genuinely surprised.
“Yeah.” It occurred to Ariel that the few women in her field routinely socialized with the other women in the office, continually blurring the lines between management, technical professionals and support staff. The men didn’t have such a behind-the-scenes egalitarianism working in their favor.
“Well done Zeitman. You learned something I didn’t know. There’s a guy named Ulfur. So now you want another ticket to Reykjavik? For lunch?”
“I was thinking of something a little bigger, actually. I thought that if I could find a similar back-up wizard in Mikkel’s group, then maybe I could put together some sort of appreciation event for the three financial experts that work directly behind the scenes in all three companies. Ulfur, Doyle and what’s his name.  It might be more fun if it was a group, and might work better, you know, if it wasn’t just one-on-one. Would Ullow foot the bill for some sort of outing like that?”
“You want to take these guys walrus hunting for the weekend?” Eoin laughed. “Realistically, Ariel, all three of these clients don’t like to mix much, they’re all a bit secretive, so I’m not sure they’d be so keen to have their seconds mixing either. What’s more, you’re not the ideal candidate to host a little male bonding.” He sighed, and to his credit he looked like he was trying to handle this carefully. “I suppose, if you came up with the right activity, something appealing and not too lengthy, then these guys might want to go and convince their own bosses, and you might build a little additional goodwill for Ullow that way. I’ll give you just a teeny bit of rope to run with this one.”

A lone programmer at Ullow handled Cillian’s requests, because they tended to be fewer than those of his counterparts. It didn’t surprise Ariel to learn that Cillian was unenthused about software that made him money silently while he slept. Granted, he was happy to have the profit, which was slowly making up for the small fortune he had pissed away investing in racehorses that simply couldn’t lose, but ultimately did.
While the gremlins in his computer quietly made back his wealth, Cillian liked to devote his business-related energy to manually experimenting with inputs to improve the outcome. Cillian wanted to drive, not travel on autopilot. His personal programmer’s main job was to give Cillian knobs he could turn without really hurting himself.
“It’s a stupid job, but it pays well,” Brendan confessed to Ariel. As the only other “ginger” in the office, the two of them had shared a bond since they first met. Brendan’s carrot top tended more towards wavy and bright reddish blond, a combination made all the more striking because it set above a rather long, narrow and serious face.
“I give him things to play with that will introduce some variation in outcome but can’t possibly allow the man to lose too much. I vary them enough that he feels like he is trying something new each time, and I give him plenty of places where he can use his hunches to try to do better. He plays for a while, sometimes he does way better than he was, and he goes off and rides one of his best horses to celebrate and then he goes to his favorite bar and buys everyone a drink. Other times, he does awful and quits in disgust. He goes for ride on one of his horses to clear his head and then goes and gets drunk, usually at his favorite bar. Either way his software goes back to silently making him money once he stops fooling with it.”  
“How well does Cillian understand this?” Ariel asked.
“He knows that we protect him, he’s not a stupid man. He does have a gambler’s heart though, and he believes deep down that he’s going to come up with something himself sooner or later, in spite of my safeguards, that is going to make him a huge fortune. That hope is what keeps him interested.”
“Why doesn’t he just fire you and do whatever he damn well pleases?” Ariel asked.
Brendan looked uncomfortable. “He can’t. Not really. Ullow mostly works for Doyle—it’s part of the agreement that transferred most of the family wealth to Cillian. Doyle has managed the McGrane fortune since Cillian’s dad began to amass it back in the seventies. Even with shipping costs that guy managed to carve out a niche manufacturing pharmaceuticals for U.S. companies and undercutting anyone back in the states. Now the McGrane conglomerate makes meds for companies all over the world.”
“Does Eoin know about this little arrangement? I mean making changes just for the sake of making them?” 
“Eoin is the person who insists I do it this way. So every month or two Doyle sits down with me and we go over plans for my next release. A key component of my job is to produce a new release often enough that Cillian doesn’t lose interest and take up a new and more expensive hobby. I make a lot of graphical changes each time.”
“I’m sure you do,” Ariel said as she reached out and touched Brendan lightly on the arm, ignoring the several mundane images of his upcoming life that the touch brought on.  “I don’t fault you one bit for it,” she added as she left Brendan’s office.  
It was only after she had made her way onto the elevator to return to her own desk that it occurred to her just how many of those mundane images involved Brendan spending time over the next few months with Cillian, laughing and talking like they were the best of old friends. It seemed friendlier than one would expect for a man who claimed to be merely humoring the other. 

******

February is the month for celebrating the return of the sun in the northernmost reaches of Greenland, while those in the southern parts of the country have been enjoying sunlight every day for a month or more.  In Qaanaaq, on the far northwestern coast, near Canada’s Ellesmere Island, the sun rose for the first time in 2012 at 1 p.m. on Feb 14. As an honored visitor, Siarnaq was included in the festivities as families gathered for songs and shared coffee and cakes to celebrate the first daylight of the new year.
He asked his questions quietly, not wanting to disturb the fun, but the locals had no idea what he was talking about and laughingly told him so. Only later did a woman approach him who was originally from the Eastern side of Greenland, a place with cultural differences and less modernization. She’d spoken to her kin and heard of the sort of machines that Siarnaq described, and how they had come from Canada and were being moved over the ice, to somewhere even further north than her remote town of Ittoqqortoormitt.
“There is nothing north of Ittoqqortoormitt.” It was Siarnaq’s turn to laugh.
“There is the National Park,” the woman said a little defensively. “Those from Ittoqqortoormitt hunt in the park. And there is obviously something else up there too.”
Yes, Siarnaq corrected himself, there obviously was.
“There is a man of Greenland who they say is responsible for what is being done. Not one of the People, but of this land. He is educated, an engineer who went to Copenhagen.”
Siarnaq felt the tightness begin in his chest. There were not many who could be so described, and a cousin who had hurt him deeply more than decade ago was one of those few.
“Is he an older man? A young one? Do you know anything about him?”
“He is a young man, I think. At least they say that he left Greenland not so many years ago to study airplanes and rocket ships and now they think he is building one or another of them up near those weather stations in Peary Land on the north coast, where it is so dry that there is no ice or snow. No one can imagine why.”
Siarnaq thanked the woman, and had to leave the house to collect his thoughts. At one time, Siarnaq had played childhood games with his cousin Carl, who was only a year older and therefore close enough in age to be a friend. For awhile, Siarnaq had also idolized this cousin, who was a whole year older and had traveled more and therefore seemed worthy of being admired in the way that children do. 
As a boy, Carl had shared Siarnaq’s secrets and his dreams, and then he had turned himself into an enemy by rudely telling Siarnaq that his gift of prophecy was fake. Carl had cemented his status with his casual apology that had been followed by years of silence and an ongoing absence at family events thereafter.
Siarnaq had composed many angry, hurt diatribes in his head to deliver someday to this unfeeling cousin. Even now, as a grown man, the memory still stung. However, the pain was overshadowed with this new knowledge that Carl, this very same cousin and childhood friend turned enemy, was the one working to bring modernization and machinery to the far north where it least belonged. 
Siarnaq left that day with a new mission in his heart. He would not only work to keep his people sufficiently free from the modern ways, but now he would also do everything in his power to thwart his heartless cousin with his evil, unwanted plans.

******

Ariel had met with the two Ullow programmers assigned to Mikkel’s project several times already, perhaps because the problems of their unique situation involved her more. Both were eager young men with a slight build, dark brown hair and cherubic faces sprinkled with freckles. They weren’t that hard to tell apart, but to her ongoing embarrassment Ariel couldn’t seem to remember which one was Fergus and which one was Ronan. 
She knew that Mikkel didn’t particularly like changes to his software, and he probably wouldn’t have wanted much in the way of modifications at all if it were not for his apparent competitiveness with one of Ullow’s other customers, Baldur. The rivalry was clearly one way.  
Baldur saw himself competing against the world-wide investing community and behaved like he knew that he had an insurmountable advantage. Ariel now suspected that he did. Mikkel, on the other hand, had made it clear several times to Ullow that his main goal was to do as well or better than Baldur’s investment company. This struck Ariel as unnecessarily personal, and it was awkward for Ullow. They continually improved their own software for all of their clients, of course, and then they also contracted to make user-specific modifications that were the property of whoever paid for them. 
It was the grey area in between that caused the problems. A company could request an enhancement and even partly pay for its development in order to speed up its progress. In return, that company would get to beta test it for a while, which meant that they could try it out and benefit from its features before its official release even though eventually it would be for use by all the customers. Baldur’s company often pushed for improvements out of this grey area, and they seemed content with the slight advantage that this bought them.
It was Mikkel who was not content when that happened. He didn’t have any specific changes that he wanted to see made, but he made it clear that he would spend money to stay even, so he basically asked Fergus and Ronan to simply go ahead and develop whatever improvements were being made for Baldur. Then he wanted to beta test those improvements too. 
If secrecy was specifically written into one of Baldur’s specs, there was no wiggle room and Eoin had been able to say no. But usually things were more vague, and Fergus and Ronan, both just out of university, had found themselves in the awkward role of working as corporate spies in their own company. What you working on, Jake? Mind if I write down a little of that? Ariel had already gotten involved twice.
Eoin had coached the lads, as he called them, to split the difference, sometimes mirroring the work that was being done for Baldur and passing it on to Mikkel and sometimes remaining unaware of it and letting Baldur have his advantage. This tight rope act had worked so far, but it made Ariel nervous. Along with Brendan’s ongoing efforts to write entertainment software for Cillian, she was starting to understand why Eoin had discouraged her from delving too deep behind the scenes.
“Have you ever talked to anyone else from Mikkel’s company besides Mikkel?” she asked Fergus and Ronan one afternoon as she wandered by on a fact-finding walk.
They looked at each other like this had never struck either of them as particularly odd before. “Nope.”
Ariel squinted at the two young men, who frankly both seemed to her about eighteen years old. “Not a secretary, not a personal assistant, not a fill-in when he’s on vacation.”
“Nope,” the one she thought was Fergus repeated. “We don’t talk to him that much really.”
“Don’t think he’s ever gone on vacation in the year that we’ve been here,” the one that must have been Ronan added.
“Do you have anything but a cell phone number for him?” she asked with a bit of exasperation.
“Oh yes. Cell phone coverage isn’t that good in Greenland. He has a landline.”
Okay, now they were getting somewhere. “What happens when you call the land line and he’s not there?” she asked.
“It rings and rings,” Fergus offered.
“Or we get the answering service,” Ronan added. “She’s a nice lady. She handles the phones for every business in Nuuk, I think. She doesn’t always come to the phone but when she does she always takes our message and she’s real pleasant about it.”
“Who has an answering service these days?” Ariel muttered.
“All the people with landlines in Nuuk,” Eoin said from the doorway behind her. Ariel jumped.
“I did some looking around for you, Ariel. I agree it’s odd that for all the money the man handles, Mikkel seems to have absolutely no staff. No lawyer, no accountants, no one in human resources to pay and hire them. Baldur is a master of outsourcing, but Mikkel seems to be a master do-it-yourselfer.”
“So you want me to drop this idea of taking out our clients most influential direct reports?”
“Not at all,” Eoin chuckled. “Up to now I’ve been content to let my client’s private business stay private, but I have to admit that your curiosity is starting to rub off. I want you to plan a vacation to Nuuk. It’s a town of sixteen-thousand, for heaven’s sake, so you ought to be able to find out where in Nuuk Mikkel keeps his people. Don’t be too obvious. Go see the northern lights and ride a dog sled before winter ends. You need to get more acquainted with the north anyway.”
Then, as she looked at him puzzled, he added. “You’ve got a nice direct way about you. You’re not threatening. Go meet the lady that runs the answering service. I bet you can come back from Nuuk knowing more about Mikkel Nygaard than anyone here does now, and I promise that I won’t ask questions about your expense account next month.”
As Eoin turned and left, Ronan gave a little whistle. “Wow. No questions about your expense account for a whole month?”
Fergus added. “I’ve always wanted to go to Greenland.”
“It’s February,” Ariel muttered back. “I bet you wanted to go in July.”
 7. Winter in Ilulissat

Ariel did a bit of searching, found a site dedicated to travel in Greenland and was assured that “One of the best times to experience winter in Greenland is during March, when the days have already begun to get longer and the sun has begun to provide a good deal of warmth.” Given that temperatures routinely dropped below minus twenty degrees in March, she wondered what constituted a “good deal of warmth” to a Greenlander.
Then again, the idea of riding on a dog sled, racing over the frigid ice while she looked up at the glistening green northern lights, did have a bit of appeal. She read on. No, eight days of dog sledding was probably too much of a good thing. 
In the end Ariel opted for the cheapest and shortest of the alternatives, a three-night tour out of Reykjavik that would take her to Nuuk and on to another popular town even further north. Airfare for that particular weekend was great, given that everyone else was trying to fly into Dublin for St. Patrick’s Day. Ariel had already learned that the holiday was likely to be more subdued than in the U.S., and locals assured her that with all the tourists coming, it wasn’t a half-bad time to leave town.
Plus, travel in and out of Iceland would also give her the chance to visit the mysteriously empty offices of d4 and meet Ulfur if she was lucky. Maybe she could even bring Hulda a really good sandwich for the lunch that she insisted on taking at her desk.
 
******

Nell’s idea of lunch involved a nice bottle of wine and ordering lots of her favorite things à la carte. She held up her end of the bargain though, virtually eliminating the small talk and going straight to what Ariel needed to know.
“Cillian’s an old friend from college,” she explained, settling into her chair and having her first sip of wine. “We went to university in Cork together over two decades ago now. We both hung with a crowd that knew how to enjoy their playtime. No, no, not that kind of playtime,” she chuckled as she took a sip of her wine. “He and I were just buddies. In fact, when I first met him he had just fallen head over heels in love with Lara, his ex. I got to be friends with her too.
“What happened with Lara?” Ariel asked softly, trying to gently move Nell away from college memories and on to things that mattered.
Nell shrugged. “It’s complicated. I’d say that Lara started to remind Cillian a little too much of his parents.”
“Cillian wasn’t so fond of his parents?”
Nell let out a sharp laugh. “That would be bit of an understatement. His mom was one those fussy women, but old man McGrane was a particularly dour man from a mildly rich Irish family, the kind that preferred tea to whiskey, you know.  Mr. McGrane was determined to grow an empire and found a way, once he moved into manufacturing pharmaceuticals. Cillian and his sister were raised to behave, and they did until they went to college. Then she fell in love with an unemployed factory worker, refused to listen to her parents and basically ran away to get married. Cillian learned how to party and fell in love with Lara.”
 “His parents objected to his falling in love?” Ariel asked.
“Lara wasn’t what his parents had in mind. They wanted someone with a family pedigree, but they put up with Lara because they thought that she kept Cillian better behaved. She did do that for a while. In the end Lara was willing to grow up more quickly than Cillian, and once three adults were pushing him to tow the line—and he had two children of his own adding to the pressure—Cillian did a stupid thing. He asserted his independence one of the few ways he could. With his penis.” 
“Lara wouldn’t forgive?”
“Why would she? She was smart enough to see how restless he was and that this was just going to keep happening. You know, philandering as passive resistance. I think she loved Cillian too much to stay and watch the drama play out. She wanted to cut her losses and make a new life.”
“A happy ending for her?” Ariel asked.
“Don’t know. Cillian’s parents wanted a quiet annulment and custody of the grandkids, and Lara just wanted her children. A nasty custody battle started and the McGrane’s somehow got the marriage annulled, which made the kiddos technically bastards, and that really pissed Lara off. One day soon after, she and the kids disappeared. Police looked into foul play, of course, but most people think Lara had the good sense to go far away. No one has heard from her since.”
“How did Cillian handle it?” Ariel asked.
“He pretended not to care. He was in his mid-thirties by then, and fell right into the life of gambling, drinking, womanizing, everything his dad hated. A couple of years later Mrs. McGrane died, Cillian’s dad retreated into a deep depression, and Cillian had responsibilities whether he liked it or not. By then he’d run up a lot of debts with his horses and his other distractions and he needed to start taking better care of the family money. 
“Nice summary,” Ariel said.
“Thanks, I do have a bit of a way with words,” Nell agreed, licking a piece of hummus off of her fingers. “This stuff is so good.” 
She stood up and put her hand an Ariel’s shoulder. “I’m headed to the loo, dear. Just so you know, this is all public knowledge—you can get it from any good gossip in Dublin.” 
As Nell made her way off to the restroom, Ariel scrutinized the premory that Nell’s touch had unexpectedly left behind. In it, a teenaged boy was walking quickly down the street, nervous that he’d be discovered. He wore old jeans and a dirty t-shirt that said something rude, and he was basically working as a courier. He kept his head down. There was some danger involved.
That seemed like such a random precollection at first—then it occurred to Ariel. The teenaged boy was Nell. Was this a role she would play on stage somewhere? Why cast a forty-something-year-old woman for the part?
Nell returned before Ariel could make any more sense out of the scene, and she continued her story without needing a prompt. Ariel kept very quiet, hoping that what was coming next wouldn’t be such common knowledge.  
“Old Mr. McGrane isn’t right enough in the head to manage anything these days,” Nell said. “I understand that he has lucid periods, during which he checks on his realm and dictates his wishes. Woe to those who are caught not towing the line when the old man has a good day. The rest of the time, he sits upstairs at the estate and stares out a window and says nothing. He will not do therapy, and the drugs—the very drugs that his company makes, by the way—leave him just as depressed as before he took them and considerably less alert. He takes them or not as suits his mood, or the mood of his caregivers. 
“Monitoring Cillian’s behavior,” she went on, “is now Doyle’s full time job. Doyle has the old man’s power of attorney and basically controls the family fortune, but his instructions are to let Cillian behave as if the money is his own. That is, as long as Cillian behaves.”
“Is investing in the stock market considered ‘behaving’?” Ariel asked.
“Barely,” Nell laughed. “As long as it keeps Cillian from turning to worse things. Racing horses is considered behaving, too, as long as Cillian doesn’t do too much of it.” 
“So Doyle is his babysitter,” Ariel said.
“That’s right. And Cillian McGrane is his dad’s biggest disappointment. He was created to grow the McGrane empire even larger, and instead all he has ever wanted to do was to enjoy the empire he’s got.”
“I think Cillian McGrane’s got more sense than I thought,” Ariel said. She picked up the check that the waiter had just dropped off and her eyes widened.
“What was that wine?”
“A 2010 Château La Nerthe Chateauneuf-du-Pape,” Nell said. “Worth every penny, too, don’t you think?” 
Ariel considered how much she’d learned over lunch, and she had to agree.

The work portion of the trip would all be at the end, so Ariel tried to enjoy the beginning of her little vacation. She packed a few good books and her warmest clothes, and delighted in a window seat as she watched the late afternoon sun set on her way into Iceland. She found a favorite song on her mp3 player and listened to the pretty shimmer of Ellie Goulding’s voice singing “Lights” as the giant Vatnajökull glacier gleamed beneath her when the plane dipped below the clouds. Ariel thought that perhaps she had never seen anything so beautiful as the various shades of blues that glistened off of the ice in the light of a sun moving low in the winter sky while the song played softly in her mind.  
She joined her group at the Reykjavik airport for the evening flight on to Nuuk. The small band of mostly Icelandic travelers was quiet, but friendly, and she felt thankful to live in both a time and place where a woman could easily travel alone. Nuuk was just a quick stopover, and the next morning they boarded the pint-sized plane for Ilulissat, the main tourist destination in Greenland.
Ariel stepped off the plane to her first view of the barren rocks mottled with bright colored lichens that make up the tundra. She had never set foot inside of the Arctic Circle before. Tiny flickers and flashes erupted as her boot touched the ground. 
My premonitions are stronger here, she noticed with surprise. The cold dry air? The earth’s magnetic field? There had to be a reason. She added it to her list of things to try to figure out later.
While they were waiting for the luggage to be brought into the waiting area of the airport, Ariel wandered off, looking for a bathroom. She turned into an office and noticed a man’s legs sticking out from under a desk.
“Are you okay?” She felt like she should say something.
She heard him chuckle. “No, I’m in serious need of somebody to grab the other end of this wire. One man doing a two man job.” Ariel saw that he was trying to get some sort of computer cable to go up through a small hole in the desk.
“Let me help.” She came over, pulled the cord through and by acquired instinct plugged it into the monitor where it was clearly intended to go.
“Thanks,” he said with appreciation, as he wriggled out from under the desk. Then he noticed that she’d connected the cable. “A helpful tourist and one that knows how to connect hardware.”
“I can manage considerably more than plugging in a monitor,” she laughed. “IT training here, though I don’t use it enough these days. I’m Ariel. Passing through trying to hunt down the ladies room.”
“You came all the way to the arctic to find a place to pee?” he teased.
She rolled her eyes and when he held out his hand she took it without thinking.  
“Siarnaq,” he said and Ariel saw a small spark in the air before their hands touched. 
Then for a few seconds, neither of them could have said a word if they had wanted to.
For Siarnaq, the images he saw were so much larger than those he was used to—close-up and huge, like looking at something right in front of your face with a pair of binoculars. Amidst the blur of something too big to take in, he knew that he was finally seeing the future from his own lifetime. The prospect filled him with joy, but the images were just so close that he had no way to make any sense of them, The accompanying knowledge in his brain seemed to be coming at him like hundreds of birds chirping. We must not be designed to see what comes in our own lifetime, he reasoned. 
To Ariel, the flickers of the distant future went wild in the corners of her brain, like far off flashing lights too remote for her to see the images that they were illuminating. This man matters in a future too far off for me to see, she thought. I wish I could enlarge these images somehow. We must not be able to see past the next several months. I guess that makes sense.
He let go of her hand slowly. 
“You’re a seer.” He said it like he knew it for a fact. He studied her red hair, fair skin and blue eyes. She wasn’t of the People, or at least if she had Inuit ancestors they were few indeed. Had he ever met a seer who wasn’t mostly Inuit? He didn’t think so.
“You get visions of the future?” Ariel’s heart was starting to beat louder. She had never expected to be asking this question, much less to be in this situation for a second time in her life. 
The Inuit man laughed. “The world is full of seers,” he said.
I had no idea that would be so good to know, she thought.
Siarnaq added gently. “You have a lot to learn. You’re with the tour group?” he asked. She nodded, not trusting herself to speak. “Today, they give you time to shop and sightsee. Let’s go get a cup of coffee.”

Siarnaq was younger than she had first guessed, only in his mid- to late-twenties, a young man wearing older men’s clothes. A look around showed him to be taller than most Inuit, and he spoke English fairly well. Seated across from him at a booth in a little coffee shop, Ariel was waking up to the fact that he was cute, in spite of a bad haircut, and pants and a shirt that would have looked out of style in a thrift store twenty years ago.
They had established in soft voices that each of them saw movies in their own heads, like memories but of the future. Siarnaq came from a culture seeped in magic, and viewed his gift with no particular awe. He told her how he was sometimes bothered that other seers all used methods of divination, and foretold events that would happen soon. His knowledge came without beckoning, and was always of events too far ahead to be of much use. He added that he had studied and traveled some, enough to understood why Ariel’s gifts would make her so much more uncomfortable in her society.
“So it is hard for you too, knowing how it’s all going to end? Is that why you came to Greenland? To see where mankind makes its final stand?”
Ariel shook her head in confusion. “What are you talking about? I don’t know how anything is going to end, Siarnaq. Do you? I almost never see anything past the next several months. Once in a while, a little further.”
She thought back to the odd premonitions when she had been asked to transfer to Ireland. “There was one kind of exception—it was about my own future but it actually did give me a hint of something awful for the whole human race. I’ve been trying to learn about it ever since. But it didn’t necessarily mean the end to everything, at least I don’t think it did.”
“We’re not so alike after all.” He was the one who understood it first. “I only see after my lifetime, well after it, to places that are decades, maybe centuries from now. I can’t be sure. I see a lot of one particular thing, and it is the slow end of humanity. It follows me everywhere. But not you? You get to see your own future! What I would give…”
“It’s not as useful or as much fun as you would think,” Ariel said. “Although it definitely beats what you’ve got. Talk about depressing.”
“When I touched you today, I got visions that were close up and blurry, like I’d never seen before... Those visions were from my own life.”
She started to tell Siarnaq about her experience with Baldur, but had gotten no further than opening her mouth when she decided to pass. She was only guessing about Baldur and this exchange was complicated enough. Besides, the very idea of another seer would certainly derail what was turning into a very pleasant conversation. 
“So we must be tuned to different frequencies!” Siarnaq continued on, pleased with his discovery. “You understand science. You understand radios.”   
“I studied them in school, don’t remember much.”
“Well, I work a lot with radios. They are an important part of communication here in my world. Do you know how long a radio wave is?”
“Long. Like maybe feet long.” Ariel was pretty sure of that. 
“You people still know what AM radio is?”
Ariel rolled here eyes. “Yeah. It’s the stations you turn to for sports.”
“Okay,” Siarnaq agreed. He pointed out the window. “The waves for AM radio are like from here to that building down the road.”
“Really? That big?” 
“Your FM radio waves?” he went on. “More like just from me to you.”
Ariel got the analogy.  “So I’m an FM radio seeing things more closely and you’re an AM radio seeing things further away. How cool is this? What are other waves? Microwaves? Longwave radio? Are there other kinds like us, but in other frequencies?”
“I don’t know,” Siarnaq shrugged. “Lots of other Inuit tell the future, but they all use tools for their fortune-telling, and no one seems as sure about their predictions as I am.” His eyes showed his sorrow. “It’s a horrible burden, this knowing that the human race will end so soon. We Inuit will be ready to do our part,” he assured her solemnly. “I am going to see to it.”
“I think we ought to work towards humanity bouncing back.” Ariel was a bit disturbed by the extent to which her new friend seemed to have latched on to the gloomiest outcome possible.
“What do you mean? You think my vision is wrong?”
“Of course not.” Ariel didn’t understand the problem. “But surely you’ve seen several futures? Even I, with my short-term information, know that there are always a variety of outcomes. One may be overwhelmingly likely but still…”
 “What do you mean? The future is the future. You see what will be. There is no maybe this or maybe that. There is what is. You can’t change that.”
“Okay.” Ariel saw the problem. “You think the future is fixed?”
“Of course it is. Why wouldn’t it be?” Siarnaq was deciding that this girl wasn’t quite as smart as she had first seemed. “The present and past are fixed. The future is no different. Besides, how could people like us see the future if there wasn’t one to see?”
Ariel took a breath. And took another sip of her coffee. 
“I promise you that close up at my frequency, I see several possible futures all the time. Some are more likely, but I always see lots of them. It’s how the near future works. You might ask me to coffee or not. I might say yes, I might say no. I pick. You pick. And with each pick the possibilities shift a little.” Ariel stopped talking and gave the matter some thought. “Maybe, I don’t know, maybe the far future really is fixed. Maybe you’re right and all the little things we choose don’t make a bit of difference in the end.  That would be kind of sad when you think about it, but I’m willing to consider that possibility. If you only see one final outcome, then we are just screwed.”
Siarnaq was listening intently, and now there was hint of a smile on his face.
“You think I’m funny?” Ariel said, a little offended.
“No, I think I’m funny. I’m wondering why I never considered that tomorrow could be different than yesterday. Perhaps you’re the one who is right, and you, an outsider, have taught me something of use about the world and how it works.”
Ariel suspected that this was a high compliment. 
“Maybe I have been seeing different outcomes,” Siarnaq said. “But because I did not understand I forced them all into being parts of one story, with the most extreme ending, of course, the most final one, thinking that all the other visions were just of what came before, when in fact some of them may have been of what came instead.”
Over the next hour he listened as Ariel described the more or less mundane visions that intruded on her days with probabilities of what the next few weeks or months might bring. Siarnaq shared what he could back. His visions were far more compelling.
“I don’t know what specifically happens, and I think it is because my people don’t know. I always see through them. Contact and supplies from outside of Greenland stop. Not instantly, but rapidly over a few weeks. Then our contact with Nuuk and the other southern towns stops. I see curious Inuit leaving the far north in the deep of winter, to go to those towns to the south and report back on what has happened. I see them never returning. All that comes back is a few messages by radio, telling the people that they must stay put in the far north.  They must not send any more people south. I see us do this, and we survive. For a while. We think that we may be all that is left of humanity, but that may not be true. There are not many of us left and we do okay for a while, but in the end we have lost too much of our ability to get by. I see us growing less, over generations, and finally, that is that.” The sorrow in Siarnaq’s expression settled deep into the lines on his face, comfortable in the grooves that had been etched by reliving these thoughts many times before. 
“So you work to bring radio communication to all of Greenland, so it will be there when it is needed?” Ariel asked.
“That too,” Siarnaq agreed. “More than that, I see myself as a man who brings the modern and yet warns my people not to depend too much on it. I guess that I want my people’s children to survive for as long as they can.”
Ariel hesitated. She didn’t want to argue with this newfound friend and yet she couldn’t resist pointing out an inconsistency when she saw one.
“Then at some level you do believe that you can change the future?” she smiled. “Otherwise, why try to bring radios? Why try to keep your people self-sufficient?”
Siarnaq had to laugh at her logic. “You are right. I think that I can cheat the future just a little, because I can’t face what lies ahead without a tiny bit of hope. So I try to nudge the inevitable. I think that the big things are fixed by forces much larger than me, and I accept that, but even a mere man can be forgiven for trying to make a few little changes.”
Ariel nodded. This made sense. “Seeing as far ahead as you do, I understand how it would feel that way. Big events, etched in stone. Seeing the way I do, I feel like everyone makes such a difference all the time that it makes me dizzy. So many outcomes, and some of them are so different than anything I’d expect.”
“So you feel too powerful,” Siarnaq guessed. “And that bothers you?”
She nodded. “Just like feeling so powerless bothers you.”
They were ready to part as friends, kindred spirits who had against all odds found each other and experienced a brief moment of understanding. Maybe they’d even try to meet again. 
Ariel stood, intending to rejoin her group after paying for the coffee. She would have made it out of the door, too, if Siarnaq hadn’t reached out to take her hand as they both stood to leave. 
Even his brief touch reignited the splatter of visions she had felt earlier, and she worked to steady the dizziness that came with them. While the giddy feeling was largely uncomfortable to Ariel, it seemed to intrigue Siarnaq, and he held on to her hand tightly for several seconds.
“May I?” he asked as he ran his other hand gently up her arm. “Please?”
It wasn’t like being touched by anyone else. The contact between new skin, and more skin, set off more images, as Ariel felt her own natural frequency start to piggyback onto the wavelength of Siarnaq’s visions. Her day-to-day clarity began to form around his far future events and the more skin contact she made with the man the clearer the melding of their two visions was becoming. He let go of her and took a step away. It stopped.
She took a step forward and placed the whole inside of her lower arm against his. The combined visions came back stronger. He gave her a curious smile. People in the small diner were starting to stare at them. This was not the ideal place for a science experiment. Ariel hesitated for only a second.
“Let’s go outside,” she muttered. Then, as they gathered coats and walked out into the below zero dusk, she realized that outdoors was not going to be any better. “Would you like to come back to my room?” He nodded. They both knew. At that point, they couldn’t walk away without finding out more.
Ariel didn’t consider herself promiscuous, and she certainly had never invited a man she had just met back to her hotel room. As they walked, she reminded herself that this did not have to end with sex, even though she was pretty sure that it would. If it didn’t, wouldn’t the two of them always wonder what would have been possible if it had?
They lay together on the bed, huddled under covers in an otherwise cold room, without a stich of clothing between them. Ariel let her senses go completely as she touched him with all the skin she could manage. She realized that she had been always holding back from men, not wanting to learn too much as their bodies touched. Now, she opened up all her senses and let the input come in waves as she felt his body shudder as he did the same. Later she would realize that there had been very little actual foreplay. The quiet touch of their skin from head to toe had been all the enticement that either of them had needed. 
Ariel held her breath as she felt the day-to-day lives of dozens of hardy souls as they struggled with their pain and enjoyed their pleasures, making life work in their cold harsh world. Little decisions made big differences, like they did in Ariel’s own life. Marriages, births, travel, and deaths ran through her head, and she guessed that Siarnaq was enjoying a similar show as her day-to-day awareness superimposed itself on his world.
When she and Siarnaq finally tired of the stories of others, they curled together for all the closeness they could achieve. It was gentle and friendly, not a burst of passion but rather a final embrace of understanding as two souls shared every bit of a gift without holding back. 
He had tears in his eyes afterwards, and Ariel decided that the encounter must have meant at least as much to him as it had to her. “I’m glad we found each other,” she said pulling her clothes back on. He surprised her when he answered.
“I am glad that I found you. You are more than you realize. Thank you for letting me see that.” 
She didn’t know how to reply. “Do you think we will see each other again?” She reached for his hand as she asked the question, and was puzzled by the lack of input. Were her senses worn out? Maybe this ability could become exhausted.
He nodded his head. “There are few nice outcomes where that occurs. You didn’t see them?”
“No, I mostly saw your people, living and thriving. Everything I saw came from their future.”
“Not me. For once, I didn’t see past my lifetime at all. What I saw was my own tomorrows, and many of them will be good.” He reached out and touched her hair gently. “Thank you, lady with the sunset hair. You have cheered me more than you know, and odds are high that this will happen for us at least one more time, and I will look forward to it.”
He hugged her long and hard before he left.
 
8. Winter Ends

Ariel finished the two days of touring feeling like she was only partly there. Some of her continued to live with the Inuit people of the future, sharing their joys and sorrows as she inwardly begged them to find ways to thrive. And a bit of her remained under the blankets in a cold, small hotel room, reliving the memory of her skin rubbing against that of another with an eagerness that she had experienced for the first time in her life.
Sunday night the rest of her tour group bade her farewell as they left for the airport to return home. She guessed from their smiles that they had heard of her dalliance with a local man earlier in the trip, and they were assuming that she was staying on in Nuuk to continue the romance. There are no secrets in small towns, she thought. 
Luckily in this part of the world no one felt obliged to stone her death for her behavior. Rather, they actually seemed to find the sexual activity of a healthy young woman to be normal and even a little bit charming. As to small towns and secrets, she would be counting on that very phenomenon tomorrow as she sought out information on Mikkel. 
The answering service was open early the next day, and the owner waived at her as she spoke into her headphones. It was a busy Monday morning in Nuuk, as call after call interrupted Ariel’s attempt to make introductions. Finally the woman got tired of it as well, and plopped a child that couldn’t have been more than six into her chair, sticking headphones onto the little girl with instructions in Danish that Ariel couldn’t understand.
“English?” Ariel asked hopefully.
“Some.” The woman looked at her child. “She tells them to call back. It’s okay.”
Ariel discovered that the woman had gone out of her way to talk because she assumed that Ariel wanted to set up some sort of paid phone service in Nuuk. Once it became clear that wasn’t the case, the woman lost interest in the conversation. This wasn’t working out very well.
“Please. I was hoping you could tell me more about your customer Mikkel Nygaard. I’m trying to find some additional contact information for him.”
“He pays his bills, that’s all I know. You have his phone number? You want his email address?” She was pausing to be polite, but nothing could have been further from a cozy chat.
“I have his email and phone number already.”
“Then what do you need? He answers emails.” The woman was dismissing her, and the little girl started to cry in frustration as two phones rang as once. As the woman pulled the head phones off of the crying child, Ariel had an idea.
“Let me take her across the street and buy her a soda. It’s my thank you, for bothering you like this.”
The woman nodded, and gestured for them to go while she put one phone line on hold. Ariel took the child’s hand, offering her a treat, and couldn’t help thinking of all the child molesters promising candy that she had been taught to fear since birth. Different dynamics in a world in which there were few strangers, and not a single road leading out of town.
When she brought the child back, the woman was a little friendlier and phone lines were quieter.
“I’m looking for Mikkel’s employees. I’m in sales and he’s a customer of ours and I want to do something nice for his office. He seems like the kind of man who would say ‘don’t bother’ so I thought, well, I’d just go by and say hi. Only I can’t find any office in town with his company’s name. I thought maybe you could help.”
The woman running the answering service shook her head in amusement. “You sales people. Too bad there isn’t a staff and you could buy them all sodas, right?”
Ariel wasn’t sure if the woman was making fun of her or serious, so she waited. 
“He has no staff. Mikkel works from his home. He’s a quiet one. He travels a lot, all over Greenland and Iceland, Denmark, Norway, even Canada and the U.S. He’s got all those fancy college degrees and he works with some kind of manufacturing. Maybe parts for airplanes? He handles money too and he talks a lot with scientists.”
She looked at Ariel hopefully. At first Ariel was confused, but it came to her. “Would you like me to go get you a soda as well? I mean, that’s what I came here to do, and it looks to me like you pretty much are this guy’s staff.”
“The hotel down the street has coffee and makes good cakes,” the woman offered.
“What’s their best?”
“I like the coconut.”
Ariel smiled. “I’ll be back with two pieces.”
Ah, Chateauneuf-du-Pape for lunch and now coconut cake for breakfast. Treats keep the world running, Ariel thought.
Ariel’s flight was delayed into Reykjavik, and she got to her hotel too late to do anything but order room service. Bored, she decided to try some online research on Mikkel and his business. Ariel considered why she hadn’t done this earlier and she realized that this kind of internet snooping, so common for some, had always felt invasive to her. She’d never looked into the personal lives of her clients over in London. Why bother? And it was none of her business.
Now, however, she had mysteries to solve, some with potentially serious consequences. She started to type. I didn’t surprise her that the man had a very small internet footprint, but Ariel was determined and could be very detail-oriented and slowly the information came.  
Nygaard was a surprisingly popular name, but Mikkel Nygaard barely existed. The offhand comment about fancy degrees took her down another path, which led her to Dr. Carl M. Nygaard of Greenland who had an educational background in aeronautical engineering ready to be discovered by anyone. It sure sounded like the “fancy degree in airplanes” that she had heard about. 
Dr. Carl M. Nygaard had finished a Ph.D. program with impressive speed, and had moved on to become an associate professor for a few years, at a small university in Copenhagen. He taught introductory engineering classes, and had been much liked by his students, according to the school’s online rating system which still carried information that was years out of date.
Why would a particularly smart and well-liked young professor with an engineering background suddenly become so obsessed with making money? And start to use his middle name?
Ariel’s eyes were tired. She rubbed them, pulling the hotel bathrobe more tightly around her and wishing she had her own thermostat controls in the hotel room. It was time to get under the covers and get some sleep. She would pick up her research on Mikkel once she got home. Tomorrow, she had a big day ahead of her as she visited with Baldur’s staff.

Hulda had taken the day off, but she had set up Ariel’s appointment with Ulfur in Baldur’s offices as promised. Ariel arrived full of anticipation that this unmet chief counsel could be enticed into conversation over coffee or beer and would be able to provide some insight into Baldur and his secretive company. That is probably why it took Ariel several minutes before she understood exactly what Ulfur’s true job description was.
He introduced himself as Baldur’s attorney, but after several adept deflections of her questions she realized that this man’s main job was to deflect questions. If someone wanted to know something about d4, they were sent to Ulfur because not providing information was Ulfur’s job. It looked like the man was worth every penny that they paid him.
He was a small, pudgy man in his late fifties at least, and he spoke perfect English as he sat on the other side of a wide three-foot desk.  He had a polished smile and a carefully cultivated friendliness that his board of directors lacked.
“I know that to Americans the Scandinavians can sometimes appear reserved or even unfriendly. I assure you that nothing could be further from the truth,” he said. “We are the nicest of people, but we do have a different cultural style than yours.” He said it like he had explained it a hundred times before, and Ariel guessed that he had.
“Oh, no, everyone was perfectly nice to me,” she interjected. “I’m certainly not here to complain. I just felt like I didn’t get much of an impression of what d4 is like behind the brochure. I mean, it is rather unusual for a private financial institution to have an international board of directors, a receptionist and a chief counsel, and no one else who really works for the company. I thought I might be a more effective liaison for you if I dropped by and learned a little more. That’s all. What a shame that Hulda is off today.”
“Yes, she hated to miss you. A visit was a good idea,” Ulfur said, in the most agreeable fashion. “I’m happy to help instead, of course. Ask me anything.”
To Ariel’s frustration, Ulfur kept himself firmly on the other side of his desk, ruling out any sort of casual touch. Ariel placed both hands on the wood, but picked up nothing except the impressions that Ulfur didn’t spend much time here in this room at all.
 Very well, she’d concentrate on talk instead. Fifteen minutes later, Ariel had tried every reasonable question she could think of, and Ulfur had answered every one of them cordially, yet Ariel didn’t know any more than when she walked in the door. 
Ulfur was in the process of showing her out, and offering her a brochure to look at in case she had any more questions, when Baldur arrived. Ulfur raised an eyebrow when he saw his boss dressed in designer jeans and a fashionable but casual top.
“I heard that our new Ullow rep might drop by today,” Baldur said in a much friendlier tone than Ariel had heard him use during her last visit. “I was going to take the day off, but I had to come by and get something anyway, so thought I’d say hello.” Then in response to Ulfur’s questioning look he added, “Run along to your meeting, Ulfur. I’ll see Ariel out.”
Once Ulfur took his leave, Baldur gave Ariel a long appraising gaze. It took in every square inch of her body and might have been classed as harassment in many circles. She stood her ground and stared at him while he looked.
Of course she wondered if physical contact with him would allow her to see the short-term future the way that closeness with Siarnaq had opened up distant tomorrows. If so, she could confirm right now what Jake suspected about Baldur, and maybe learn even more of use. How much physical contact with this man was she willing to make?
Baldur seemed to have made a decision of his own, and there was an eagerness in his eyes as he took a step toward her. She could have sworn that she saw an actual visible electric spark jump between them as he reached out for her hand. 
It’s stronger here, too, she thought. Not quite as much as in Greenland, but stronger than what I’m used to.
She reached for Baldur as well. As they held each other’s hands without speaking, the close-up images like those she had seen during their previous brief touch began to focus in her head and they became increasingly clearer as he circled her body with both of his arms and held her tight. As he leaned down for a kiss she saw images of his removing her clothes, and she knew that it was the most likely near future. Was she really going to do this?  
It wasn’t the only possibility. He paused, stepping back and loosening their embrace. 
“I had no idea that someone like you existed.” He seemed so happy at the discovery. “You’re my greatest wish come true.” He touched her hair softly like he couldn’t believe his good fortune. “And you’re even pretty. Not that it would be necessary, but it is nice.”
“This is all so amazing,” Ariel agreed, trying to find her way in an awkward and puzzling conversation. “The way the touch works. We need to learn more about it.” She reached out the bare inside of her arm in invitation. “Do you want to know more?”
He laughed, and for the second time Ariel got the feeling that there was a joke that she didn’t quite understand. “Much more, my little flame-haired oracle. I will want to know everything.”
Okay, Ariel thought.  She supposed that she wanted to know everything too. As he placed the skin inside of his lower arm tight against hers in an almost asexual response, she saw another near future, one where she backed off from him and ran from his office. What the hell?
“With what I am going to learn from you, elskan, I will own the world.” He murmured it like it was a sensual remark. Maybe it was to him? “Every man, woman and child on this planet will be working for me, one way or another.” His eyes narrowed in a sort of pleasure at the thought, and every bit of passion went out of the moment for Ariel.
“Why would you want that?” It was the first thing that popped out. “I mean, owning the world is crazy. What would you do with it? I thought that we could learn something here. Help each other. Exchange information.”
He looked at her in pity. “Humans don’t help each other,” he said like she was a silly child. “We just pretend to, so that we can get what we want.” He took a step towards her again, and as his fingers first grazed her wrist, she had a flash of him beginning to force himself on her seconds from now. She turned and sprinted for the door, exactly like she had in the premory that had flashed in her mind only seconds earlier. 
Only as it happened for real, he yelled after her. “Go. I see ahead too, you know. Next time you won’t run off so quickly.” His laugh echoed in her mind for hours afterward, as she replayed the scene over and over all the way back to Dublin.

Ariel anticipated a call of some type from Mikkel after her thinly disguised snooping expedition, but she was surprised at how quickly it came and how pissed he was.
“I just wanted to do something nice for your staff,” she stammered, a bit taken aback. It wasn’t the whole truth, but it was a large part of it, and it should have mitigated this unwarranted hostility.
“Doing something nice for my staff is not in our agreement. Eoin understands that, or at least I thought he did. You are not to come to Nuuk. You are not to ask questions about me. You are only to provide me with tools to make money as per our arrangement and I require absolutely nothing else from you. Do you understand that?”
“I do, although I think that it’s time that somebody told you that you don’t own Greenland, and if I feel like it I can and will visit for personal reasons that have nothing to do with you.”
Mikkel’s voice softened just a bit. “Of course you can do that. Look, you appear to be an intelligent woman. It seems to me that holding three clients by the hand is not keeping you busy enough. I suggest that you ask Eoin for more responsibilities or transfer back to London where your talents can be better used.”
The man had a point about her workload. 
“I will pass along your input about my responsibilities,” she said, allowing just a bit of snippiness to creep into her voice as well. “Because it seems to be a sore point with you, you ought to know that I’ve done some other research on my own.” Ariel was just annoyed enough to charge ahead. “Although you don’t have much of an electronic footprint as an investor, Dr. Carl M. Nygaard has an impressive educational background out there to be discovered by anyone who looks for it. It is hard for me not to wonder how and why someone who managed to get a Ph.D. in engineering at such a young age became so obsessed with making money all of the sudden. Not that I’m not happy to help you do it.”
“I see. So my requests for privacy have gone unheeded in more than one arena.” His voice became cold again.
“Why would a man of science expect those around him to be less curious than himself?” she countered. “And why would a reasonable man be so angry when my motivation clearly includes being of assistance to you?”
“It is complicated,” he said simply. “You have no idea what I’m up against, and I’d like to keep it that way. My arrangement with Ullow, on the other hand, is supposed to be simple. I’ll contact you or Eoin if I need anything from you and otherwise I do not expect to hear from either of you.” She could tell that he tried to say it in as reasonable a tone as he could manage.
“Works fine for me,” she said as she hit the end call button.
Ariel considered her response to being told to stay out of Greenland, and had to smile. The giant frozen island had offered far more fun that she had expected, and maybe a second visit in a month or two would be just what she needed. She thought of Siarnaq next to her, stretched out skin-to-skin along the full length of her body as they kept each other warm under the many blankets, and she pulled up a calendar to consider her options.

******

Eoin liked his new employee, even if he wasn’t used to women like her. She was hardworking, like he was, and even something of a perfectionist herself.  His own wife was a sweet woman with little education and no interest in the outside world. Her growing children were everything to her. Eoin would be the first to admit that he didn’t quite understand women like Ariel, driven to work outside the home, getting by well into their twenties without a bloke to care for them. But he was happy enough to have one of them working for him, which made this whole incident with Mikkel so unfortunate. 
The email from Mikkel was blistering. Ariel’s thinly disguised vacation to Nuuk violated an understanding between Mikkel and Ullow, it claimed, and any further transgressions would result in Mikkel requesting that Ariel be removed from the project. 
Eoin was dismayed that Mikkel had taken this so poorly. The truth was that Eoin had been baffled from the beginning by Mikkel’s extreme insistence on privacy, and Eoin wanted answers too. It had occurred to him that if he gave curious Ariel a little freedom, it might be a safe way to learn more. Yes, Mikkel would be irritated when he heard about it, but Eoin would push the blame on to Ariel, maintaining harmony by chastising her in front of Mikkel while letting her know later that she’d done nothing wrong. Sort of a little public swat on the butt with no harm done.
That, and a brief apology to Mikkel along the lines of “you know how women are, always sticking their nose into other people’s business” should have sufficed, Eoin thought. It had seemed like a good plan. 
The worst of it was that she’d come back with very little information, or at least very little that she was willing to share. Eoin knew that he wasn’t the world’s greatest at reading people, but he did better than others suspected, especially when dealing with those who weren’t all that different from him. Ariel seemed troubled, and her claims to have learned nothing rang incomplete. 
Eoin had made the mistake once before of letting his curiosity nudge him into trying to learn more about a secretive client. Two years earlier, Baldur had been every bit as angry at Eoin’s snooping, and had vacillated between demanding that Eoin be sent packing and electing to take Eoin fully into his confidence. Eoin himself had pushed for the latter, and for two years now, Eoin had lived with the consequences of that deal.
It had been a bargain with the devil. If you can keep my secrets, then you can keep my money. Or maybe it was the other way around. At any rate, London had leaned heavily on Eoin to make matters with Baldur work or else. The “or else” sounded pretty unpleasant, so Eoin had been faithfully keeping Baldur’s secrets ever since.
He wondered if Ariel had sold her soul as well, and if so what would be the secrets she would keep. Could Mikkel possibly be doing anything worse than Baldur?

9. Spring Begins

Ariel was curious about most things. Why was the sky blue and what was dirt made of? How did frogs have sex? Why did people have to sleep? She liked quick information, not lengthy explanations, and she had gotten uncommonly good at finding out facts fast, as long as her questions had answers.
Sticky philosophical quandaries interested her less. She didn’t want to talk about the meaning of life. It couldn’t be determined, and that made discussing it just a waste of time. Good time that could be spent enjoying life instead, which she rather thought was the point anyway. However, every once in a while a broader question had an impact on her that could not be ignored.
“Why do people want to make more money than they can spend?” Ariel understood wanting to be rich. No problem. Who wouldn’t like to be well off enough to travel and buy whatever clothes struck your fancy and not have to worry about health and safety the way one did when money was scarce. That made sense. What Ariel didn’t get was wanting to be worth forty million instead of twenty. At some point didn’t all the toys and houses and expensive vacations roll together? Why were men like Mikkel and Baldur and even Cillian hell-bent on taking a perfectly fine fortune and growing it into a bigger one?
She picked up her laptop with a sigh. Somebody out there had to have some worthwhile thoughts on the subject.
It turned out that people did. A few inquiries led her to a well maintained site for discussing affluence that seemed to be asking the same sorts of questions that she was. The screamers appeared to have been politely moved off to the side while those of all opinions who wanted to discuss extreme wealth objectively carried on a reasonable conversation. Ariel began to skim through various threads, and then stopped to learn a little more about the site itself.
Wait a minute. This was maintained by a group called y1, which Ariel was pretty sure was headed by her brother Zane’s friend Toby. If this was Toby’s group, and it looked like it was, then the site was certainly worth more time. 
Zane had spent his first three years out of college working for Penthes Pharmaceuticals. Ariel had already discovered that Penthes had been one of the major players in giving Cillian’s dad his start in manufacturing prescription drugs years ago. Ariel decided to search around for comments about Cillian. He was mentioned once or twice in the context of children who didn’t share their parent’s passion for the family business, but that was all. This place didn’t seem much for gossip. Ariel already knew that the McGrane family offered plenty of tasty morsels for those who did enjoy reading about the escapades of the rich, and she was rather glad not to find all of their dirty laundry aired here. 
On a whim she typed in Mikkel’s name. Nothing at all came back. Okay, what about Baldur? Whoa. The name Baldur Hákonarson got more than eight-hundred hits. Now this guy got talked about. Ariel began clicking, only to discover that the connections were to conversations being held in parts of the site that were open to members only. Damn.
It looked like Ariel was just going to have to become a card-carrying member of this y1 organization so she could find out more. She searched for the page to join. Yikes. These people wanted her to answer essay questions. A lot of them. There had to be an easier way to get access. 
Zane was back in school in Chicago. What time was it there? Late afternoon. He ought to be home from class by now and able to put her in touch with this Toby guy. Surely family members of close friends could join without filling out all that information.

******

Siarnaq had enjoyed the encounter with the American girl more than he had enjoyed anything in a very long time. His people took comfort in the pleasures of sex, using its warmth and joy as a countermeasure against the harshness of their lives. Yet he had never experienced the type of closeness that he had with this stranger, this woman who had an odd variation of a gift so much like his own.
With her skin pressing against his, his sense of vision had merged with hers for a brief time, and he had held an awareness of his own life in a way that he never had before. He saw good times in his own future. He saw the material difference that he could make regarding the habits of his own people. Most comforting of all, he saw that she was right about the probabilities. It was easier to see when one looked at the near term. Nothing was ever for sure. This sunset-haired girl had given him the gift of hope, and now he thanked her every day for it.
But every gift has its curse, as Siarnaq well knew. Along with the joys of knowing came information he would rather not possess. Probable sorrows awaited him, and some of those sorrows involved Ariel. Failure, of him and his people, would remain a possibility no matter how diligent he was or what he did. Worst of all, he had learned while lying in her arms that she somehow knew the man responsible for working so hard to undo the very things that Siarnaq was trying to accomplish. 
 Not wanting to spoil their time together, Siarnaq had kept quiet to Ariel about his distressing visions of Carl Nygaard, his cousin and his childhood friend. Carl apparently was in the process of forcing the modern world into the very corners of Kalaallit Nunaat that Siarnaq was trying to protect. Why would his better educated cousin, at least part Inuit himself, be hell-bent on secretly putting technology right where it was least needed? It made no sense.
His beautiful new friend had written him to suggest that she might come visit again in a few weeks. She had asked if he would like to see her. Like to see her? He could think of nothing that he would like better. It was true that he also hoped that as he lay next to her he could learn more about what Carl was up to. But if not that, then simply lying next to her would be more than joy enough.

******

Ariel’s brother Zane was happy to pass along Toby’s email address and his phone number in Hawaii, and Ariel looked for a good time to make contact with her brother’s friend who lived ten time zones away from Ireland.
A relaxed and friendly voice greeted her once they finally arranged a time to make a connection. He was having morning coffee; she was having an evening drink. 
“You could have gotten access to y1 with just an online request, you know,” he chided. “The membership requirement is in place to keep the discussions civil and intelligent, and I’m willing to assume that any immediate relative of Zane Zeitman can at least manage that.”
“I like to think so,” Ariel laughed. “But I was a little intimidated by all the stuff I had to write. I don’t do essay questions.”
“Well, those are in place so that the existing members can get to know more about you. But they can be waived. Maybe you’ll get inspired to fill out some of it later,” he said. “You do understand that y1 is an online organization that analyzes and discusses the flow of money, right? Why the sudden burning interest in world economic policies? I thought you worked with computers.”
“I do. But I work with computers that handle stock trades. My company provides hardware and software for those involved in high frequency trading. You know, buying and selling the same stocks within milliseconds to capitalize on tiny fluctuations in a stock price. I guess Zane didn’t tell you that I work in that field.”
There was a long silence on the other end of the line.
“I know exactly what high frequency trading is. Ariel, I’m not sure that I can let you in after all. At least until I know a lot more about you and where you are coming from. My members count on me and the other moderators to protect their ability to speak safely.”
“I’m certainly not a threat to anybody,” Ariel said, a little surprised at the sudden lack of cooperation from her own brother’s friend.
“Probably not, but there are those in your industry who are. The whole site has been lit up lately with conversations about some perceived threat to the world’s financial stability that many members believe is being created by the very industry in which you work. That’s not to say that those in your industry are all bad people or are all automatically excluded from the discussion boards, but I have to be more careful with those in your field than I would normally be. Trust me, we aren’t one of those paranoid groups that sees danger everywhere, but some of y1 believes that we are looking at some unusually ruthless people who operate in your world.”
Ariel sighed and pushed back.  
“I ended up on your website, Toby, because I was doing research on my company’s clients. Three of them in particular. Two of them seem to be of little interest to your members, but the third is a big topic of conversation. I can’t get to the information about Baldur unless I’m a member myself.”
More silence.  “Baldur is your client?”
“Is that a bad thing?” Ariel didn’t know how to respond.
“You know, Ariel, I’ve got some business in Europe coming up. If this can wait just a couple of weeks, could we meet and visit in person about this?”
“Of course,” Ariel said. “Let me know when you’re coming. I’ll look forward to learning more then.”
“Yeah,” Toby said. “Me too. In the meantime, could you pretend we didn’t have this conversation?”
Ariel shrugged. “Sure. No problem.” 

******

Cillian and Nell were each enjoying a Guinness as they sat in front of a peat fire. Peat, once a fuel burned out of necessity on a cold damp island largely lacking in trees, had now become a trendy way to celebrate Ireland’s roots, as had the stout beers in their hands. The two of them inhaled the faintly oily aroma that smelled of dirt and smoke and something else that no one, not even an Irish poet, has ever been quite able to describe, and they felt at home.
“So, you think this new girl is going to be a problem in any way?” Cillian asked.
“Not intentionally,” Nell said. “She’s bright, she’d as soon do what’s right, and she’s got no allegiances to any of the players in this mess.”
“Eoin should never have asked the London office to send over someone new,” Cillian complained. “He knows that not a single one of his customers wanted one more person poking their nose into things. I’d have complained to him myself if it wouldn’t have been so far out character.”
“I wouldn’t worry about her,” Nell said. “I pretty much gave her your full public bio. She’s totally bought into the part about your strict parents and your wayward sister and your racing horses, and I added a few personal tidbits that I was proud of. Anyway she heard the whole tale told in a light that was highly sympathetic to you.”
“That was a good call,” Cillian said. “How did she respond?”
“Like you’d expect,” Nell assured him. “You are a pretty sympathetic character, Cill. I mean everything I told her is basically true. It’s just not the whole truth. And now that she thinks that she’s heard all the dirt, maybe she won’t go digging any deeper. By the way, Brendan tells me that he’s been working to the same end in the office, and he says the lady believes that he basically designs bells and whistles for you to play with. She thinks it’s a stupid waste of time, but she accepts the situation.  I tell you, you don’t have to worry about this one.”
“My concern isn’t her intentions,” Cillian said. “I agree that the young woman has a good heart. I’m worried about how smart and curious she is. She could easily cause us trouble without ever meaning to.” Cillian took a long slow sip of his brew. “We need to consider filling her in on more.” 
 “Let’s not rush into that decision,” Nell cautioned. “Brendan is doing a great job keeping an eye on her.”
“So are you,” Cillian added. “Some days I just want this all to be over. I want to stop worrying and just go find out where my kids really are and know that they’re okay.”
“I know. That day is going to come for you, too, but as long as your dad and Doyle still have their icy fingers on your fortune, you’ve got to play this game.”
“Preferably without the self-pity,” Cillian chided himself as he finished the last swallow of his beer and stood up. “How about a brisk ride to clear the head.”
“Sure,” Nell said. She always tried to do what she could to keep Cillian’s spirits up.

******

The noise in the barely lit small hallway just inside the front door to Ariel’s apartment building startled her as she came home late from work. It was a man’s cough, a forced sound made to intentionally alert her to his presence. She turned quickly and saw a tall, balding, faintly Scottish-looking man in maybe his late fifties standing in the shadows, holding a white canoe paddle with a yellow top. It looked just like the one her mother kept in her bedroom—her mother’s relic of an outdoor adventure from long ago. 
“I’m a friend of your mother’s,” he whispered. “I’ve been in touch with her by telepathy.” He nodded at the canoe paddle. “I brought this to prove it.”
What?

An hour later she and the man named Donald had finished a pot of tea together and Ariel had a throbbing headache. She had let the man into her apartment once he convinced her that he knew her mother well and had in fact been part of an escapade a few years ago that her mother had been involved with in Nigeria. Mrs. Zeitman worked in the oil industry and traveled a lot for her work. Ariel knew that her mom was part professional and part hippie, and she had a lot of odd friends. Accepting that a man claiming to be a telepath was her mom’s buddy wasn’t as difficult as one might think.
Donald’s story had started to cross into the incredible, however, when he informed Ariel earnestly that her own mother had telepathic abilities too and was a member of a larger group of people with strong empathic and even psychic tendencies. 
“And mom never told me this because?” a skeptical Ariel had asked, even as she realized how idiotic the question sounded.
“I don’t think your mother ever intended to tell anyone in your family, dear, except for your dad of course.”
“So my dad knows that my mom is a telepath and he’s, like, okay with this?”
Donald sighed and smiled a little sadly. “What are his options? Your mother would never have chosen to send me to convey a message like this, I promise you, except that she can’t risk contacting you directly right now and she really needs your help.”
“My mom’s in some kind of trouble?” Ariel was concerned.
“No, she’s fine. Your sister Teddie is in some kind of danger, and your mother needs you to take a trip to India, under the pretense of visiting Teddie for her seventeenth birthday. You need to go at end of this month. Your mother is fairly certain that your family’s communication is being monitored by the people who kidnapped your sister’s friend. What a nasty bit of business, that. So your mum sent me because…”
“Because you’re a telepath and nobody could trace her communications with you,” Ariel finished the sentence for him, and she was pretty sure that was when the headache had started.
By the time Donald left, Ariel had accepted his story. So her own mother had a skill as unusual as Ariel’s own. Maybe that explained why Ariel had always been so cautious around her mother, so careful not to think about the future that she sometimes saw. On some very deep level, hadn’t Ariel always had suspicions that of all people her own mother would somehow to able to “tell”? 
She supposed that she had. 
Ariel had assured Donald that she already knew about Teddie’s fascination with out-of-body experiences and that she had already assumed that her sister’s interest was prompted by some developing abilities in that arena. So apparently there was no end to the family oddities. Donald promised to pass word of Ariel’s cooperation back along to the Zeitman household in Texas.
“It’d be best all around if you could just manage to pretend like you spontaneously decided to go have a holiday with your sister. You know, like you have no idea about your mom and you have no clue about what your sister is up to, and particularly like this whole conversation with me never happened.”
“Not to worry. I’m getting practice in that arena.”
Donald gave her a quizzical look as she said it, and Ariel watched with fascination as the man’s eyes went strangely blank for a second or two.
“Did you just try to read my mind?” she asked with irritation. “Isn’t that illegal or something?”
The soft, almost sad smile crossed the man’s face for a second time. “No, but it is generally considered bad manners at best and unethical at worst. I seldom violate that principle, but I know how badly your mother would like to be assured that you are safe and well.”
Another uncomfortable thought occurred to Ariel. “Does my mom???”
“No, she doesn’t,” Donald said. “Except for the lightest, most noninvasive touch occasionally just to verify that you are conscious and well. She’s actually one of the most ethical telepaths I know, and on the whole we’re a pretty damn decent group. All that empathy tends to do that to you, you know. So no worries, any secrets you have are safe with me. But please Ariel, please do be careful if you’re going to start in with a dangerous crowd yourself.”
“I will be careful. I promise. Do me a favor and assure my folks I’m fine. And remember, Donald, we never had any of this conversation.”
“Right,” he smiled back at her. “We never did.”

The next question was whether she could possibly get herself to Greenland before she left for India. Maybe she could combine the two trips and save a little money. Why not? She would get a week off work, spend the first weekend with Siarnaq, and head from there for an impromptu birthday visit with Teddie. 
In between handling matters at work so that she could be gone for a week, and packing and running errands for her upcoming trip, Ariel didn’t have a lot of personal time left for worrying about her sister or the increasing drama regarding her job. Siarnaq had been delightfully excited about the possibility of a weekend together and was going to make her travel easier by meeting her in the small East Greenland town of Kulusuk, only a short flight from Iceland. 
After their last encounter, Ariel was not eager to set foot on the same island as Baldur, much less to find herself in same room with him. However, she bravely arranged a second meeting with Ulfur at a restaurant, to drop off and discuss some paperwork. It would allow Ullow to consider some of her trip as work time and to cover some of her costs. With any luck it would be a non-event.
The night before Ariel left, she went back to the y1 site, thinking she would snoop around a little more and try to solidify the questions that she had for her brother’s friend Toby. She searched harder for threads that she could access that mentioned anything about HFT or Baldur.
She found some speculation that Baldur’s entire board of directors “participated,” and in fact had been selected for their ability to do so. What kind of participation? Ariel had assumed that the group consisted of investors, rich men and women bringing substantial money to the table. But if Baldur’s wealth was the minimum standard, then there were hundreds or even thousands who could qualify based on money alone. This conversation seemed to imply that d4 was a closed community, one with some sort of special entry requirement that most investors failed to meet. Could Baldur have managed to amass a small group of high frequency seers? 
Maybe the gift that Ariel had always thought made her so unique wasn’t that rare at all. And maybe a group of others had figured out ways to benefit from it far more than she had.
  
10. Spring in India

The weekend with Siarnaq was far too short, and Ariel was surprised at how she and a man from such a different culture could share so much in common. They laughed together, and at the same things, and it was often a humor born of knowing what one had never wished to know. Siarnaq did not understand social networking sites or traffic jams or Asian Fusion restaurants, but he understood Ariel. She wrapped herself in that joy and wore it like a cloak for two glorious days.
By Sunday afternoon they were both sad at her impending departure and uneasy about the future. Travel to Greenland was far from cheap and Siarnaq lacked the means to come to Dublin. Ariel had picked up enough precollections to know that this was almost certainly not their last encounter, but that a wide variety of stormy possibilities lay ahead. Siarnaq had the same knowledge. A few hours before Ariel’s plane left they faced each other and stopped pretending like there was no tomorrow.
“Along with the joy you have shown me, I’ve learned much that is sad,” he said.
“I know,” she answered. “There are so many outcomes between us that I have trouble focusing on any one of them long enough to really understand it, but clearly few of them bode well for us as a couple. I suppose that you don’t have to be able to see the future to figure that one out.”
He looked at the floor. “I can’t leave my world and you know that. I saw one scenario in which you tried to convince me to do so and I left you in anger. I saw another in which you convinced yourself that you could live as an Inuit. It did not last for very long. But I don’t think that means that we can’t ever be together again.”
“I agree,” she smiled. “I saw several ways this happens at least once more, and it is just as wonderful. But there are other disturbing alternatives out there as well. I see a very strong chance that you get very angry at someone else I know.”
“I’m already angry at someone else you know,” he confessed. “All my life I wanted to be able to see my own future, and you have shown me how seeing your own future is both good and bad. I had a childhood friend, a cousin, to whom I used to confide my visions. He loved stories about the future and I didn’t have the sense to understand the power of what I was seeing. One day I took a leap of faith and I told him about the end, the big ending for everyone, and how I was going to help the Inuit stay self-sufficient to prolong human life. I thought that he would be amazed and proud to know me but instead he told me I was full of shit and that he’d thought so all along... It hurt me. I looked up to him and up until then I thought he believed in me. After that we stopped talking.”
“You’re still angry at him?” 
“Not for that. We were barely teenagers. Kids often treat each other poorly. But he must be someone you know too, because when I touch you I sometimes get an uncommon amount of information about him. I’m sure now that he has an obsession of his own.”
“I don’t know a lot of people from Greenland…” Ariel was getting a quick idea of where this was going.
“But you do know my cousin Carl?”
Ariel nodded. “Yes. He goes by Mikkel Nygaard now, and he is an investor and one of my clients—my least friendly client, to be honest. He and I have already had one nasty run-in and he basically asked me to stay out of Greenland.”
“Well, he is even nastier than you think,” Siarnaq said. “For reasons I cannot even guess at, he has made it his life’s work to specifically undo what I once told him that I would be doing.”
“He’s trying to lure the Inuit into adopting modern ways? Why?”
“I don’t know. Thanks to you I’ve gotten many premonitions of him moving massive amounts of machinery to the far north, and I had already seen a sled of these machines myself, although at the time I had no idea what they were. Now I’ve seen visions of him hiring and teaching some of the Inuit to work with his contraptions and to care for them and generally become everything but what they need to be. Why would this man to do this?”
“I wish I understood precollections better,” Ariel said. “When I’m touching you I see lives from the far future, and when I’m near you and touch things that you touch, I get some precollections about you. There’s never been anything about Mikkel, though. The truth is that I know very little about the man and even less about what motivates him. Do you want me to try to find out more?”
“No!” It came out a little harsher than Siarnaq had intended. “I want you to stay as far away from him as possible. Please. Promise me.”
“Hey, you do understand that I have to deal with him for work right?” Ariel’s tone was heavier than she meant it to be, filled with shades of “don’t tell me what to do.” She reminded herself that Siarnaq was only being concerned. “I’ll stay out of the mess between the two of you, though, no problem.” 
“Thanks,” Siarnaq said no more. 
“Let’s stay in touch about this,” Ariel finally added, working to soften her voice. “Call, text, email, I know that you do all of those. I’ll keep my ears open and if I learn anything about Mikkel that could be useful to you, I promise I’ll let you know.”
Ariel felt sadder than she expected she would when she hugged Siarnaq goodbye, and once she was on the plane she found herself gazing at Greenland’s white coastline as it receded in the distance. Lykke Li’s “I Follow Rivers” came on as she hit the “On” button on her mp3 player, and Ariel wondered idly if she could possibly enjoy life as an Inuit. Was she capable of following Siarnaq? Was she capable of following anyone? As the song ended, Greenland was nothing more than a tiny white dot on her horizon and she had no answers.

******

Ariel stood looking down at her sleeping sister. Teddie’s face looked pale and clammy. Reluctantly, Ariel reached out to her, thinking to touch Teddie and try to learn more about the most likely outcomes to her sister’s troubling situation. She withdrew her hand, startled, as Teddie blinked and opened her eyes wide. Seeing her younger sister’s confusion, Ariel searched for something reassuring to say. 
 “Hey,” Ariel said. “Thought maybe you could use a friendly face.” 
“I thought my whole family was supposed to stay away from me?” Teddie whispered in a scratchy voice. 
“Mom and Dad decided that your sister in Ireland might reasonably come visit you for your seventeenth birthday without arousing suspicion. I’ve taken vacation for the rest of the week. I hear that you’re not exactly supposed to be going out partying right now, but maybe we can find a way to do a little celebrating,” Ariel said, doing her best to make light of the situation.
Others heard their voices and came into the room, and Ariel stepped away from Teddie’s side, realizing that her opportunity to quietly discern Teddie’s future had passed for the time being. Maybe she’d try again later. Then again, maybe not.

The next morning while Ariel sipped on coffee she visited with Teddie’s adult friend Amy, a woman who ran a local organization to help girls who were victims of human trafficking. Amy was part of the group sequestered away at a house in Darjeeling, trying to ensure Teddie’s safety and find Michelle. She was a short, almost stocky American woman with wildly misbehaved dark brown hair and an apparent penchant for wearing brightly colored clothes. Underneath, she seemed to harbor a warm heart, a genuine fondness for Teddie, and an ability to accept that Teddie could go searching for others while having an out-of-body experience. Ariel’s admiration for the woman grew as she talked to her.
“So you think these people really go flitting around on some co-existing plane of light and energy that mirrors this world exactly and they come back with memories that are usable in our world?” Ariel asked.
Amy shrugged. “I’ve gathered a good bit of evidence by now that supports that and it’s hard to explain any other way.”
“Wow. That’s a kick. And my little sister does this?”
Amy shrugged a second time and laughed. “Apparently she does it rather well.”
Teddie poked her head full of black curls into the dining room, and when she saw her sister talking to Amy she joined them at the dining room table. 
“So how did mom even find a way to talk to you about all this?” Teddie asked, looking confused. 
“She didn’t. Apparently some creep you and your friends have pissed off has our whole family under radio silence, and we can’t talk about anything that involves you and Michelle. I did find out that mom finally sold that magazine article she’s been writing. It’s going to come out in a couple of months. You should say something to her about it, she’s really excited.”
“She told me,” Teddie said. “We talk about things like that, because if we didn’t it would seem suspicious. We just can’t talk about my situation. So how did you get drafted to come here?”
“Mom sent someone from London over to Dublin to talk to me in person, and he suggested that I go see you for your birthday and he sort of explained why it was a good idea. Honestly, I felt bad that I hadn’t thought of visiting you myself.”
“Did this guy happen to mention how he communicated with our mother?” Teddie was clearly trying to feel her way through this. Ariel wanted to reassure her.
“Yep, I’ve been ‘read in.’ My mother is a telepath with a whole bunch of telepath friends and my little sister goes around snooping on people.” When Teddie started to object to being accused of snooping, Ariel raised her hand laughing. “I’m kidding Teddie. I’m really envious. They both sound like incredibly cool things to be able to do.” 
And they did, Ariel thought a little sadly, realizing how much she would like to be able to share with Teddie her own visions of the future and the cool things her own brain did. But Teddie didn’t need to be distracted by anything right now, and Ariel could well be putting others in danger by speaking up. Luckily, someone else came into the dining room just then and removed even the slightest temptation. 

Over the next few days Ariel did what she could to provide her sister with comfort while trying her best not to go crazy being confined to the house full of people in Darjeeling. Ariel was asked to keep internet usage to a minimum and avoid any activity that wouldn’t seem normal for the elderly couple from India who normally lived in the house. That didn’t leave a lot of options. Spring flowers were sprouting in the garden, and Ariel spent hours out there in her sweats, doing yoga and practicing the various Tai Chi routines that she had begun to learn in Dublin. 
Ariel spent a good bit of time considering whether knowledge of Teddie’s future would help her sister more than it would harm her. If only there was some way to tell. Assuming she saw something useful, how would Ariel explain to the others how she knew what she knew? Given the odd talents of the group already assembled, she suspected that “oh it’s just a hunch” would not suffice. In fact, given that there were two telepaths in the house, were her talents already known? 
Ariel thought not. She was pretty sure that her own mother had no idea what her oldest daughter could do, and mom was apparently a good telepath too. Perhaps a combination of preoccupation with other matters, the telepath’s code of respect for the privacy of others, and good old fashioned not seeing what one didn’t expect to find had all worked in Ariel’s favor, both here and at home. In addition, Ariel supposed that over the years she had become rather good at unconsciously shielding what she was. That ability was clearly useful at the moment.
What were the chances that there was something helpful that Ariel could do if only she knew more about Teddie’s situation? On the other hand, what would she do if she learned that the most likely outcomes for her sister and her sister’s friends were awful and that her own possible involvement could only make matters worse? Ariel wondered if she could really go back to Dublin and tend to her own growing troubles if she discovered that her sister likely wouldn’t survive this ordeal and that there was nothing she could do about it. 
She couldn’t know which was the case. She decided to go with a quick touch right before she left. If she found something clearly useful, she could tell her sister as she walked out the door, and avoid questions from everyone else. On the off chance that she learned something that was vital for Teddie to listen to, she’d fess up about her premories and then walk out the door. And on the off chance that she learned something depressing or awful, well at least she could get out of there quickly and deal with it back home.
The day before she left, Ariel got permission to go over to Amy’s office and use the internet to take care of various business and travel matters. Her email was overflowing and her social sites had so many notifications that she’d never get through them all. Probably no loss there, she laughed. 
It looked like Toby from y1 had written her a couple of days ago, asking if she could maybe meet in Frankfurt while he handled business there over the next several days. Well, it turned out she could. Everybody flew through Frankfurt sooner or later and she had a layover there tomorrow night. She set up the meeting, anxious to get back to her own concerns where she could play an active role and make a difference. 
That night when Ariel got up to pee, she saw her sister sleeping on the couch and altered her plan. She wouldn’t get a more private chance to take that quick peek into Teddie’s future that she had planned for in the morning. Ariel tiptoed over, reached down and placed the back of her hand against her little sister’s cheek and she knew. Teddie would figure out how to do what needed to be done. She was figuring it out. She didn’t need Ariel’s premories. She didn’t need advice. She would be fine, and it was best to let her be. Ariel sighed with relief. Go Teddie.
“Thanks for coming. I really, really appreciate it,” her little sister said the next morning, black curls bobbing around as she looked up from a group of photos lying in front of her.
 “Hey, I could get into this whole spy secret mission thing,” Ariel laughed. She wanted so badly to give her sister a hug, but decided not to complicate her exit with more information. She knew all that she needed to know. She gave her sister a grinning thumbs-up gesture as she said her goodbyes all around. Keep it light, she warned herself sternly, keep it light. 
“Next birthday when you turn eighteen, you and I will do some real celebrating, okay?” Ariel said. Then she laughed and waved to them all as she turned and walked through the door.

******

Siarnaq had stopped short of telling Ariel everything he had learned about Mikkel when he touched her, and now he realized how that had been a good thing. Ariel’s job mattered a lot to her, and her very essence was teeming with information about the people with whom she worked. Lying by her side, Siarnaq had seen near-futures for Ariel’s boss and co-workers and other clients. Much of it made no sense to him, as he didn’t know the people and had only sketchy information about much of their culture. However, one story of the many had stuck out for him.
An Icelandic man, tall, thin and very blond, was part of Ariel’s world also. This man worked with money—in fact he lived for money. Siarnaq had been unable to tell why. He had seen this man’s future, in which the man became increasingly annoyed by a fellow investor from Greenland and in which the man became determined to put a stop to this Greenlander’s activities.
Ariel was right when she pointed out how knowledge sometimes came with the visions. Siarnaq hadn’t really thought about it before, but he did more than see things. When he had a vision, he knew things as well. Not all the knowledge about what he saw, just some of the relevant details, much like those that were attached to a memory, just like Ariel described. 
The result was that Siarnaq knew that the Greenlander went by Mikkel Nygaard. The Icelander was simply called Baldur. He did not know why either Mikkel or Baldur did what he did, or how either man did it. But he did know that soon, this Baldur was going to begin looking hard for ways to put a complete stop to his competitor Mikkel. 
When he did, Siarnaq intended to find a way to be there, and to offer Baldur his services.

******

Toby waived to Ariel from across the hotel bar in Frankfurt. He was a handsome, well-tanned man in his mid-fifties.
“You look just like your pictures,” he said as he gestured for her to have a seat. “Can I buy you a drink?”
“Absolutely, and thanks for meeting me like this.”
“No problem. If you don’t mind my saying so, your family seems to have a bit of a penchant for getting into trouble.”
“And for getting out of it,” Ariel added. “At least so far.”
“Let’s hope that continues,” Toby said. “You’ve got a tiger by the tail here. How much do you know about y1? “
“It’s an online organization of people interested in both economics and philosophy. Zane loves that stuff. Worldwide wealth distribution, the human need and right to achieve and be rewarded versus the human need and obligation for fairness and to help others. What you talk about is idealistic, maybe even in some weird way spiritual. I wouldn’t think too many serious investors frequent your website.”
Toby looked thoughtful. “We’re not a bunch of radicals trying to overthrow the world economy, Ariel. In fact, some serious investors do spend quite a bit of time on my site. Making money from money has practical and philosophical implications for the well being of humanity, and a number of those who do it well are thoughtful people who want to engage in discussions on this topic. There are reasonable arguments either way as to whether this relatively new phenomenon is making the world a better or worse place for all of us.”
Ariel didn’t say anything, and Toby waited quietly as well.
“Is Baldur a member of your group?” Ariel finally asked.
“No, he is not.  If he is aware of us, he considers us irrelevant.”
“Would you let him join if he wanted to?” Ariel asked. It looked like Toby had offered all the information that he was going to without coaxing from her.
“No, I don’t think so. We are a private group—we can pick and choose our members. Respectful participation is the number one requirement, but there are others.”
Ariel hesitated. How much did she want to push her brother’s friend for information? “What requirements would Baldur violate, assuming that he is capable of respectful discussion?”
Toby smiled slightly. “I suppose he is capable of that. We also require that members not join for the purpose of furthering their own self-serving agenda.” Then he added as an afterthought. “Some would argue of course that we humans are incapable of doing anything but trying to further our own self-serving agendas. I happen to disagree.”
“So do I,” Ariel said. She hadn’t thought about it much before, but now as she said it she realized that it was true. “Would you care to know who the last person was who expressed that particular philosophy of ‘humans are always selfish’ to me?”
“I would,” Toby nodded. “But I’m going to go out on limb here and guess it might have been Baldur. Was he trying to recruit you?”
“I’m not sure exactly what he was trying to do,” Ariel deflected the question. “Listen, I oversee his account with a firm that furnishes the hardware and writes the software that he uses for his high frequency trading. All we do is make proprietary modification to our programs for him. I’m not required to like him or his business practices, only to see that his work gets done on time and that any confidential issues remain confidential. Is there any kind of conflict to keep you from telling me why your group talks about him so much and yet wouldn’t let him join?”
“Probably not,” Toby acknowledged. “Okay, y1 members are all over the place about money and how much people should accumulate and so on. But I think we’d all agree that if one person or small group of people had some odd advantage, some unknown capability that would allow them over time to basically suck all the wealth of the world away from everyone else, that would be wrong. It would be immoral to some, and just a lousy world to live in as far as others would be concerned, but we’d all be fighting it. Luckily the gods of chance rule the universe. No one keeps winning at the craps table forever—no one—so we spend a lot of our time at y1 talking instead about how much of an advantage is too much of one.”
“You think Baldur has some kind of advantage in investing?” Ariel asked, thinking of Jake back in the office and his certainty that Baldur had exactly that.
“Lots of people have some kind of advantage in investing. I think that Baldur has much more than that. Baldur has found a way to remove chance, at least statistically. When all else is even, he wins over time, and his percentages keep getting a little better. Several y1 members fear that Baldur could be capable of quietly amassing most of the wealth of the world, although at the rate he is going it will take him a few decades to do it. Luckily things could be very different in twenty years or so, and many people in y1 are now trying to figure out what needs to be changed to keep this man and his company from owning everything in our lifetimes.
Ariel grimaced. “You blame my company?”
“Of course not. Ullow has dozens of major clients, and they are all making money. However, they are making slightly less than they used to, in spite of your company’s best efforts and the efforts of their own staff. It’s incremental, but changes in fractions of a percent are the name of the game, even though it is hard to raise concern about something so gradual. He’s smart, this Baldur. We’re worried that by the time governing bodies become wise to what’s happening, d4 will be too powerful to stop.”
“So what do you expect me to do? Go back to work and pretend like I never heard this? I can’t spy on him for you.”
Toby said nothing.
“I mean I’ve signed agreements and stuff. I could go to jail.”
Toby continued to say nothing, and Ariel realized that he was trying to give her time to process what he had just told her.
“Take over the world? Seriously? How sure are you people?” she asked.
“If it would help you to make a decision, Ariel, I’ll open up all the discussions to you and let you read everything for yourself. Your company is doing nothing wrong. I mean there are some ethical issues with the inherent unfairness of high frequency trading, but that’s nothing compared to what d4 is doing. I don’t think it’s a good idea for you to become a member of y1, or even for anyone to know that you met with me or read this stuff. So, here.” He shoved sheets of printouts into her hands, and as he did, she had a quick premonition of him assuring his cohorts that Ariel Zeitman was now on their side. There appeared to be a more than ninety-percent chance of that happening after she read this stuff. 
“So this information is that compelling?” she said in surprise. Toby gave her an odd look. 
“You read it and you tell me. No wait—don’t tell me anything. We will both be better off if we don’t communicate directly again. For your safety, I want to keep you removed from us. Your brother is our best source of contact from now on. Let him know what you think after you read this and he can contact me.”
“Okay,” Ariel said. “You might convince me to join your cause. Zane will be in touch.”

11. In the Heart of Spring

Baldur stared out of his office window, considering black swans. Not real black swans, of course, but the theory for which they stood. As a man well schooled in all types of economics, Baldur was acutely aware of the occasional occurrence of an event that was outside of the realm of normal expectations and yet appeared so obvious in hindsight. He knew these metaphorical black swans by definition went on to produce significant consequences, and they were thought by some theorists to in fact be what drove human history.
Baldur hoped not, because he had two potential black swans sitting clearly in front of him and the last thing that he wanted now was unexpected consequences.
The first potential black swan had red hair. 
It had taken Baldur two years of searching to find ten other investors who had a skill similar to his own. In the turmoil of 2009 and 2010, they had left their telltale marks in their day-trading records. Because he was from Iceland, he naturally began his search in his home country, and was happy to find four worthy candidates right there in his homeland. His calculations, however, showed that he needed several more “board members,” and so d4 had gone international. 
None of the ten he ended up with had fully understood their own capabilities when he found them. Each described himself or herself as uncommonly lucky. Certainly none of them had grasped the implications for what they could accomplish if they banded together. Baldur had explained to them what they were capable of and taught them to be better at what they did. He had unified them and led them, and that was how d4 had been formed. It was the first investment company ever that over time couldn’t lose.
Of course, they also handled the money of many others who lacked their skills, and these people made a decent enough profit, too. At least, d4 saw to it that they did well enough to keep them from going elsewhere, because Baldur and his party of ten needed the legitimacy of the other investors and needed some of their capital to play with as well. These others would lose in the end, but it would be a gradual loss that wouldn’t become apparent for years.
Baldur considered the existence of others like him to have been totally predictable. There is almost never such a thing in nature as a one and only. Yet through all the searching for and developing of the others, he had never really considered that a person might have the same skill set he did, but attuned to a much different frequency. Seeing the immediate future made sense to him. After all, the next few seconds were fairly well set in stone and this predictability was what gave him such a huge advantage. 
This girl, however, his one black swan, had genuinely surprised him. She saw the much messier world of next week and next month. He had found the fragments of the future that she received to be hard to interpret, and he supposed that they would be even harder to act upon. Frankly, he didn’t know how she survived with all the possibilities coming at her like he himself had felt at her touch. He thought that such a gift would have driven a weaker individual insane long ago.
Maybe that was why he had never met another like her, he thought. Maybe the others who could see what she did were all bonkers and locked away. At any rate, her very existence was a threat to him. Last time they had met, she had surely picked up on his skill set as adeptly as he had discovered hers. Apparently, touch could do that. 
Baldur had always known that his own gift was related to skin contact, but touch through electronic means like his keyboard worked quite well for him, perhaps even better than touching other humans or their things. That didn’t surprise him; he knew that the very phenomenon of touch was nothing more than electromagnetic signals being sent throughout the body. Thank god it did work that way, because he hardly could walk around a stock exchange running his hands over everyone. 
Given the nature of their encounter, Baldur was pretty sure that Ariel’s gift worked by touch as well. 
He knew that he had been foolish to let her know that he had seen her gift. After their first meeting, he should have just pretended like nothing had happened. Then he could have avoided putting any useful items within her reach, including his own body, and he could have pushed Ullow to transfer her back to London as soon as possible. Not expecting to find someone like him, eventually she would have surmised that she had imagined the whole thing. That would have been the safest and most logical solution. 
Instead he had done the opposite, showing up during her meeting with Ulfur with full intention of learning more, maybe much more, by using all the skin contact he could arrange. Why? Because only investors who took risks made the big money? No, he scolded himself. He had done it because for once acting safely and logically had not sounded like nearly as much fun. Even with the first graze of her hand, he had guessed that he would find a way to use what she could offer.
Unfortunately, the second encounter hadn’t happened quite the way he had hoped. Her very touch had set off receptors that he didn’t even realize he possessed. He had been drawn to her and her body and what she could do and know. He felt the power of what he could become if he was linked with her, if their bodies became as one, and he had found himself craving that power with a frightening intensity. Worse yet, he was certain that she had seen that yearning in his eyes and heard it in his voice.
He should have pretended like it was merely sexual. That would have been such an easy way to recover, and she probably would have believed it. Women all liked to think that they were insanely desirable. But no, drunk with lust for what she could give him the ability to do, he had gone on to make dumb boasts that confirmed the situation. 
Now, she was wary, and maybe even scared. She had to be looking for information to confirm her suspicions about him. Sooner or later she’d find a way to see him and his group in her future, and she might realize what d4 was really about. Then she would probably feel compelled to stop him somehow or to warn others. The black swan would have changed history.
Of course, the Cassandras of the world who predicted doom and gloom had a poor record of being believed, but Baldur knew that he could not take that chance. Once scrutiny on a surprisingly successful small investment company from the insignificant nation of Iceland began, others could do simple statistical analysis and verify that this particular Cassandra was on to something. Rules would be passed to slow him down or stop him. Fines could be levied to take away what he already had. He might even be prohibited from trading at all. 
Was there any way that this black swan could be used to his advantage?
Baldur considered. It might be possible to combine his short- and her long-term knowledge. Such a combination would certainly accelerate his plans. High frequency trading done under the radar only made him money in tiny increments. Lots and lots of tiny increments, but it was still going to be a slow process to get to where he wanted to go. 
Ariel saw a different future, and her visions would be perfect for short-term investing, for trading in futures and options and other derivatives that paid much bigger money. She could be the best asset in the world for him, he realized with a growing hunger. If it went well, in a matter of months he could accomplish what he had expected to spend years achieving. Could she be persuaded to work with him? Why not? He could promise her the moon. 
That brought him to his second problem, his other black swan. Was it even possible to have two of them at once?
He was certain that no unknown investor out there of any significance possessed his skills. Yet another man, this Mikkel Nygaard fellow, had developed an uncanny ability to piggy back on Baldur’s successes and was managing to cut ever so slightly into Baldur’s gradual increase in profits. While the rest of the world was just beginning to quietly fret about a tiny drop in the rate at which their overall earnings were increasing, Mikkel was managing to avoid the problem and even grow his percentage of the take. How was that possible?
 Eoin had already explained to Baldur all about how the man was hell-bent on keeping up with d4 and always wanted whatever tools Baldur had. Baldur had originally found the hero worship to be kind of flattering, and had accepted Eoin’s advice to humor the man sometimes and let him get an occasional leg up on the rest of the world by copying what Baldur did. So he had a puppy who wanted to imitate him. What was the harm?
Recent analysis, however, had shown that Mikkel was a surprisingly effective puppy. He and his one-man company had amassed much more money than Baldur had realized. This comparable success of anyone outside of d4 had not been predictable. His first black swan could perhaps be turned to his advantage, but this effective imitator could not. Enough was enough. It didn’t matter how the man was managing to copy so successfully, or why he was so obsessed with d4. Baldur made a call to Eoin to set up a meeting. It was time to put a stop to it.

******

Some days Mikkel was tired of the secrecy, and tired of being misunderstood. He was by nature an honest man, one with a generous heart that preferred to see the good in people. He thought that he was horribly suited to his current role, with its ongoing lies and requirement that he be looking over his shoulder at every turn. 
He would never have put himself in this position, of course, if his expertise hadn’t been so perfect and the need hadn’t been so dire. Damn his cousin Siarnaq. Damn the cold winter nights that he had spent looking at stars and dreaming of space. Damn the northern lights with their dancing magnetism that had inspired his first love of physics. And damn the damn Irishman who had walked into his office talking about the annihilation of the human race in 2352.
That day, what had been an outlier of a probability to the Irishman, had turned into a life’s mission for Mikkel. He had left the world of Professor Carl Nygaard behind and embraced the slight chance to save his species. As Mikkel Nygaard, he now ran a stealth operation that involved dozens of scientists, psychologists, engineers and manufacturers who stayed hidden themselves as they planned one of the most daring missions of all time.
Through it all, Mikkel had learned to be a better administrator, and even something of a leader. Surprisingly it was his almost off-handed decision early on to take point on the fundraising that had caused more grief than anything. That decision had initially been only a matter of efficiency, and of preserving secrecy. The small group amassed back in 2009 had no manpower to spare, and the fewer who understood their deepest motivations, the better.
Yet the role of investor for Mikkel Nygaard had become his public persona, and over the past three years an ongoing rivalry with a fellow investor had taken on an importance that had not been predicted. Now it seemed like the effectiveness of Mikkel the financial wizard was far more vital to humanity’s survival than all of Dr. Nygaard’s considerable contributions to putting the human race into space.
Mikkel understood the fine line he walked, how most decisions remained inconsequential and yet the rare innocuous one could turn out to have far reaching consequences. His psychic Irishman was of no use in predicting day-to-day outcomes of anything, but the man had an uncanny ability to tell when some small act of Mikkel’s had a reasonable chance of disturbing the far future.
The choice to hide what they were doing was one such event. The secrecy was certainly an added burden, and it seemed to Mikkel to be an unnecessary one. But the Irishman had been adamant. Go public with this space program now and its odds of serving its ultimate function dropped to almost zero.
Now the psychic had weighed in on another small decision. The red-haired computer girl who was becoming something of a nuisance would in fact turn out to be much more than that. She had injected herself into important decisions that would be made, and how she was dealt with would have far reaching consequences.  Her effect could be very good or very bad. He was sure of it.
The young woman needed to be given more information. An introduction to the situation that she had walked into was going to be arranged.

******

Nell offered to buy lunch this time and Ariel happily accepted. She had to smile when she found out they were meeting at one of the best Japanese restaurants in Dublin. Nell had once again done her homework. Sushi was Ariel’s favorite.
From the beginning of the conversation, Ariel had the distinct impression that it was her goodwill that was being sought this time, and she was puzzled. What did a worker bee like her have to offer someone like Nell? 
As the waiter fussed over them, Nell gushed and complimented and talked about the beauty of spring in Ireland and Ariel nodded and agreed and waited. Something was coming. 
“How are you when it comes to accepting things that are kind of, well, odd?” Nell finally asked. Ariel smiled to herself as the woman went on. “Ireland is full of stories, you know, not just of the sidhe, and of leprechauns and ghosts, but of all manner of spirits and magic powers. It’s part of who we are.”
“I like that about you,” Ariel said.
“Most people do. They think it makes us charming, and frankly we sell that image to the world.  Tourism is a good bit of our economy, and on the whole we’re not a stupid group. Dig a little deeper, though, and we do have a pretty dark collective unconscious here. Our stories are often brutal, filled with trickery and treachery and great loss. The Irish love a good tragedy far more than they love a happy ending.”
Ariel nodded. She guessed that this was going somewhere interesting.
“So it’s no surprise that our heroes are so often tragic as well. Do you know much about Ireland’s past?”
“No, I’m not much of a history buff to be honest. I don’t even know that much U.S. history.”
“Well, it’s little loss,” Nell said. “Real history is full of horrible things, darker stories than even the Irish could concoct. And our last thousand years or so have been particularly brutal. Most outsiders don’t understand the extent to which our race was almost annihilated by our neighbors. But I want to talk about the time before then, when Irish kings and queens and monks and poets moved freely about the land and Ireland flourished.”
“Okay.” 
“Around the year five hundred, not long after St. Patrick himself, there lived a great Irish man, a famous monk. He was wondrous in many ways and is still beloved here, probably third only to Saint Patrick and Blessed Bridget herself. His name was Cillian, although he was also called Colm Cille and even Saint Columba.”
“Our Cillian is named after him?” Ariel guessed.
“Of course, as are hundreds of Irish males. But ours is more than named after him, dear. In one of those odd quirks that are more common on this island than elsewhere, he is him. Not reincarnation, we don’t go for that here. I mean he embodies some of Cillian’s powers. He’s like his son or his spiritual heir. His parents had no idea when they named him, of course, but the saints must have guided them in picking his name. Cillian’s dad never learned what his boy can do or he might have appreciated him more. You see, Cillian is a prophet. He knows.”
So that’s where this was going, Ariel thought. No wonder accepting this job in Ireland had made her head spin. She was fooking surrounded by people who saw the future. Was Nell wining and dining her to gain her acceptance or her silence? 
“He knows what?” Ariel wondered what type of seer Cillian was.
“Like the Cillian of old, he can see a millennium ahead,” she said solemnly. “There is a lot of darkness to come, Ariel, a lot of horrible, awful things that lie far in the future. Cillian is trying to take the little he knows and do what he can for humanity. It’s a very hard road, and there is a small group of us working with him.”
“Supposing even for a minute that I believe you, why would you want to tell me this?” Ariel asked.
“You’ve caused Cillian worry. He thinks that you are too smart and too curious not to figure out that there is more to his story than that of a gambler who refuses to grow up. He is very good at reading people and he believes that you have a good heart. He thinks that if I tell you this, you will believe, you will leave him be and you will let him do what he needs to do. That’s all that either he or I ask of you. Don’t go looking for more.”
Ariel let a sigh come out, and it was a long slow exhalation. She had tales of her own that she could tell, but should she? Responding with a confession of her own talents, or with what Jake and Toby guessed about Baldur, or what she herself knew to be true of Siarnaq—any one of those could lead to all kinds of complications and she could precall many of them without even trying. 
Cillian wasn’t asking her for information, merely to be left alone. That was good. She could always volunteer more information later, when the most likely outcomes of her actions might be more obvious to her. On the other hand, she could never take back any mess she might create by speaking up now.
“Does he get much else in the way of detail? Closer in, I mean?”
Nell shook her head. “Some, but usually he only sees events that are tied to this other time. He is very focused on it and he knows what he has to do and he’s doing it. He often asks me to speak for him like this, because he hates to talk to others of his gift. He is very self-conscious about it. We’re both trusting you, Ariel. Please. All I’m asking is that you overlook the odd about him, and go on about your life. It’s an easy request. Okay?”
“You do know that another person could conclude that this seer thing was bullshit and that you guys were running some sort of scam and trying to keep me at bay,” Ariel remarked.
“You’ll find nothing to make you suspicious that we’re causing harm to anyone,” Nell replied. “If you think you do, come to me. I can explain anything, but have been asked to tell you no more than you need to know. Even if you think I might be a little crazy. Can we count on your simple discretion?”
Nell reached her hand out and put it over Ariel’s as she asked the question and for once Ariel did not withdraw her hand.  She needed all the information that she could get.
“I promise,” she said, as she noted the clear premory of a gnarled old man on a park bench waiting to meet someone to deliver a message. The man was Nell. 
“I may be back with more questions later,” Ariel said.
“I’m sure you will be,” Nell replied.

******

It took Ariel a while to get through all the pages that Toby had printed out for her, but by the time she was a little more than halfway through she realized that the premory of her agreeing to help Toby and y1 now had over a ninety-nine-percent chance of happening. The man was right—the evidence that Baldur was trying to do more than just get richer was compelling. He and his group had an advantage over the entire world of trading, and nothing in their ethical make-up obliged them to do anything but utilize it to its fullest. Would they stop short of destroying the very societies that fed them? Ariel wondered how much restraint the group could or would use once their plans were nearly complete. Absolute power and all that, she thought to herself.
Keeping her job with Ullow could not possibly be more important than putting a stop to d4. She called Zane the next evening. 
In the middle of an innocuous chat about life, work and weather, she interjected the message for a mutual friend that she had made the decision to help any way she could. She also needed the friend to know that a programmer in her company agreed and had gathered compelling evidence of his own. Nothing new in his findings, but it was someone else reaching the same conclusion with slightly different data and she could provide more details. She wanted to know what to do next.
Zane took the odd messages in stride and Ariel was pretty sure that her brother had been expecting something of the sort. Had this happened a few years ago, Ariel thought, Zane might well have been more inquisitive, but two years ago his own job had put him in danger, and now he seemed willing to accept that the less that was said the better.
He was a good brother and a good friend. Perhaps she ought to confide in him about her premonitions. As far as Ariel knew, the men in her family lacked the odd sort of gifts that had been bestowed on her, her mother and her sister, but Zane was not without his own unusual talents. As a child he had developed extraordinary control over muscles of which most humans remained unaware, and as a result Zane could alter his body shape and facial features well beyond anything Ariel would have thought was possible. A year and half ago, he had let Ariel see what he could do. At Zane’s request, she had kept the information to herself, and had not brought it up since.
Ariel thought of Nell, and the premonitions in which the woman appeared as other people.
“Zane? Have you ever met anyone else who can do what you can with your appearance?”
“No,” her brother said. “I mean, it’s not like I go around asking people about it or anything, but as far as I know I’m the only one. Why? Have you met somebody like me?”
“I’m not sure,” Ariel said. “It would be one way of explaining a situation, that’s all.”
“Well, if you have, I’d like to meet him,” Zane said.
“Her,” Ariel said. “It’s a her. At least I think it is.”

******

These days Baldur no longer needed his quick visions for avoiding the fists of his brother, or of anyone else. In fact, he didn’t use his premonitions for much of anything but stock trades. Occasionally a flash of this or that would surprise him, and then he might manage to avoid a minor car accident or bite of unpleasant food. It was mildly useful.
When the phone rang at the end of the day in late May of 2012, he reached for it instinctively and then stopped. He was too busy to take random calls and should let the caller leave a message. His receptors worked far better now with electronic media than they did with direct human touch, probably thanks to all of the practice, Baldur thought. He had a flash of an unexpected and helpful conversation as he let go of the receiver. Very well. He reached back for it and picked up the phone. 
“I too wish to stop a man named Mikkel Nygaard,” the voice on the other end said without preamble. The accent was heavy Danish and something else as well.
“Who is this?” Baldur could appreciate the bluntness but was hardly willing to trust a disembodied voice by revealing anything of his own plans.
“I am a Greenlander who is a former friend of Mikkel’s, from back when he used his real name, Carl.  I am a man who does not like what he sees being done and who wants to stop further damage from happening. Can we meet?”
Well, this was a pleasant surprise, Baldur thought. “Yes, I suspect we can and should,” he said. “Tell me more.”


12. Springtime on the Golf Course

Eoin regarded Baldur with the same wariness he showed to his neighbor’s Doberman. He tried to keep his distance and never assumed that a meeting would be friendly. When Baldur called to arrange an outing together in late May, Eoin agreed because he had no other reasonable choice.
Baldur insisted that the two men meet for a round of golf at an exceptionally exclusive Dublin club. Eoin neither enjoyed golf nor played it particularly well, and he was pretty sure that Baldur knew both of those things. 
It was an overcast day with a surprisingly brisk breeze. An impeccably dressed Baldur arrived early and secured the golf cart. His state-of-art clubs and fashionable bag almost glowed with style, while Eoin’s old equipment slunk down next to it in embarrassment.  
Baldur assured Eoin that he’d been looking forward to checking out this particular golf course for a long while now, and thought it was the perfect opportunity for the two men to discuss d4 and its current aims and past successes. Eoin was sure that there was going to be more than that involved and that it was going to be nowhere near as pleasant as Baldur made it sound.
He was down two strokes after the first hole when Baldur mentioned that the situation with Mikkel needed modification.
“I don’t know how he is managing to do almost as well as I am, but your leniency with allowing him occasional access to my software improvements is going to have to stop. Even with them I don’t know how he does so well. He’s nipping at my heels, Eoin, and I don’t want to share with him any more. At all. Ever.”
“No problem,” Eoin said. “He does have our best commercial products, you know, and he can probably continue to do quite well with them. Why be so upset at his success? I mean isn’t there enough money out there for the both of you?”
Baldur stopped the cart and gave Eoin a long, hard stare. “That is a question that should never have to be asked.”
“Right. It is not enough that you win. He must also lose.” Eoin said it as a statement, not a question.
“Everyone else must also lose,” Baldur said, as he pulled out a club and walked towards the tee.
“Try not to be such a charmer,” Eoin muttered after him.
“I like playing golf with you because I don’t have to pretend to be charming,” Baldur said quietly just after he executed a perfect swing. Then as he walked back to cart he added, “Without all that superficiality, I can concentrate so much better on my game.” 
Baldur was already up five strokes at the end of the second hole, and Eoin thought seriously about just offering to caddy for him and let him play the course by himself, but his instincts told him that life would somehow be only worse if he rolled over and died so easily. He took a few deep breaths and tried to remember that he’d been a decent athlete once himself, even if this hadn’t been his sport. He managed to pick his play up a little, and was down only six strokes by the end of the seventh hole when Baldur brought the conversation back to business.
“I need to know more about Mikkel. I’m told that his training is in some kind of engineering, not economics at all. I’ve heard that he goes by his middle name now, perfectly legal of course, but it separates him a little from his past. Is he hiding something? Why?”
Eoin was rubbing sunscreen on his face and hands, being careful to keep it out of his eyes. Crying, no matter what its cause, would do nothing to enhance his stature on this already miserable day.
“Ariel pointed out Mikkel’s background to me a month or two ago,” he said. “It struck me as a little odd, too, but a man can change his interests and his image if he wants. I never really looked into it—what was the point? And you don’t ask Mikkel questions, you just don’t. He makes you look approachable.”
“Yes,” Baldur said. “So I’ve been told. Nonetheless, I want you to learn more about what he is up to. See if you can get anything out of him.”
Eoin rolled his eyes. “Our arrangement does not include me having to gather intel on other investors for you.”
“Our arrangement,” Baldur said slowly, “includes whatever I want it to include. I expect you to learn more about him and keep me updated.” By the end of the twelfth hole Eoin was down a dozen strokes and just wanted to go home.
It wasn’t until after the fifteenth hole that Baldur brought up his next concern. “I’d like to get to know that girl you gave me.” Even Eoin recognized that he had not given Ariel to anyone, and had no power to do so, but he wasn’t about to correct Baldur. He went for a wary “What do you mean?”
“What it sounds like. You put a pretty girl on my project; I’d like to get to know her better. Surely you don’t object to that?”
“What you do with your free time is your business, and what she does with her free time is hers,” Eoin said in as agreeable a tone as he could manage.
“Don’t be silly. Her boss can direct what she does with her free time and we both know it. I’m going to have my yacht brought over to Dun Laoghaire Marina next week and then I am going to fly over here the week after and invite her out for a ride. I want you to make sure she agrees to go with me.”
 Eoin said nothing. He picked up his club and a ball and walked up to the tee. He took a deep breath and made the swing of his life. The breeze caught the ball just right and it rolled onto the green, tumbling slowly to within a few feet of the hole.
He turned to face Baldur. “I don’t mind encouraging Ariel to spend time with you and get to know you. But know this. I will not make sleeping with you a requirement of her job. If you make doing so a requirement of mine, then Ullow will have my resignation. Period. There are a few things a decent man just does not do, and pimping would be one of them.”
Baldur seemed amused, and whether it was by the uncharacteristically good tee off or by the equally uncharacteristic bit of rebellion, was not clear. 
“Well then, let’s both hope that Ariel accepts your encouragement to get to know me better,” he said. 
At the end of the game Eoin lost by twenty strokes, but he felt like he had won something else. Even so, he couldn’t see any way that this thing between Ariel and Baldur could ultimately turn into anything but a disaster for everybody.

******

Ariel and Siarnaq communicated more often than Ariel would have expected. He liked to send her little things to make her laugh, stories that would be best appreciated by someone who had her skills. She felt like her life had more stress than his and her ability to find humor in the situations around her wasn’t as well developed. Nonetheless she tried to respond in kind by sending stories back, and by early June they had a working long-distance friendship going.  He had not brought up Mikkel again, and for that she was grateful. Finally the subject came up at the end of a text message.
“I also have contacted another person who knows of Mikkel and does not like what he is doing either. I do not want to lie to you so I will tell you. His name is Baldur and he is your client.”
What? Ariel went from mildly amused at the preceding anecdote to furious in less than a second. How would Siarnaq even know about Baldur? Then she froze.
All that time lying side-by-side, with her viewing the lives of the Inuit of three centuries in the future while Siarnaq picked up the broad brush details that were his forte—but thanks to her he picked them up for once about people of the present day. More than anything, he picked up people that mattered to her. Of course he had seen Baldur, gained some knowledge of him. He could easily have gleaned animosity between Baldur and Mikkel as well. 
“Not acceptable! This is my career you are fucking with!” Ariel was in no mood to use nice words and she typed with a staccato anger.
The words “This is humanity I am trying to save,” came back in seconds.
“Fuck humanity,” Ariel muttered it as she started to type it, then she stopped herself. That sounded horrible. On the other hand, why exactly should she, or any human for that matter, make their own life one bit more miserable for the sake of people three-hundred years from now? And how much misery did it have to be and exactly how much better did those people’s lives have to become before she was being an asshole?
She wasn’t even sure how much she believed that what Siarnaq saw was likely or even inevitable. How much did she believe that he was on a path to do some good? A lot of good? How much did and should she care if her species never saw the year 3000? Seriously, what did it matter? Her children’s children would be long gone before then, if she even ever had kids. 
A bunch of strangers die. It happens every day. So what if it was all of the strangers? Did she believe someone out there was keeping score, would mark us as a failure as a species if we didn’t at least make it to the paltry fifty-thousand-year mark as a sentient life form? 
At that she laughed. This was too much philosophy for Ariel. She tried for another response altogether.
“Your enemy’s enemy may NOT be your friend,” she typed. That was a good response, she decided. “Baldur may be as dangerous as Mikkel. Be careful.”
“I will.” It came back right away. “Thank you, sunset hair. I will try to cause you no trouble at your job.” 

******

Zane called the next night, and Ariel thought that she knew why. He opened the conversation with the good news that all was well with their little sister Teddie, who had returned home safely from India and added that it looked like all that Teddie had been involved in was ending well. 
“The need to be careful about what we say to each other is no longer there, due to her situation.” Ariel was pretty sure that she heard the emphasis correctly. Okay, Zane didn’t want her to jump in and start talking about Toby and his website. Was the whole world getting paranoid or what?
After a few more pleasantries Zane remarked that he had recently had a great visit with an old friend who sent his best and was very happy to learn of Ariel’s recent decision. This friend thought that Ariel needed to use caution, but suggested that any information that she came across would be appreciated. What was more, if she could manage to convey the full hypothesis of a colleague she had mentioned, and better yet provide his supporting evidence, that would be even more helpful.
“He’s an odd duck,” Zane chuckled and moved the conversation right on to law school and how difficult and yet boring it was to him. “All this memorization of stuff that can be found so easily now. I swear the legal world is still stuck in the nineties. “
“Hang in there, Zane.” Her genius brother already had a neuroscience degree and now was hoping to move into the world of medical ethics. Most learning came so easily to him, but he had no patience for busy work, and Ariel hoped that he would stick it out in law school. He had a lot to offer if he could get through the drudgery part.
“I will. Uh, be careful out there Ariel. I’m not sure that you and I grew up fully appreciating just how nasty some people can be.”
“Thanks Zane. I think I get that part these days, but I’ll keep an eye out.” 
As Ariel hit the call end button she realized that only the night before she had been ready to sell out her whole species just to keep her own life from getting more complicated. Or had she really? If so, wasn’t that as nasty as a human could get? 
She was tired of these questions and decided that a cold beer might help. Maybe two.

******

Nell looked at the pile of clothes on her bed and laughed out loud. It looked like someone had dumped the random inventory from a second hand clothing store into her room, and in effect that was what had happened. There was very little that hadn’t been purchased at a thrift store, she noticed. She could hardly have afforded to dress in new clothes for all the roles that she played. Cillian gave her a generous allowance for costumes, but she tried to save that money for looking the part of his sexy actress friend. The rest of her ensemble could make do with hand-me-downs.
It had been a while since Nell Gallagher had appeared in any theatrical production, and anyone who cared largely assumed that her recently renewed relationship with the rich Cillian McGrane was the cause. They were right, just not in the way that they thought. Cillian and Nell had always had the ideal platonic relationship between a man and a woman, the kind born of at least one person being attracted to their own gender. Nell didn’t fancy men much, except as buds, and Cillian had plenty of potential bedmates but was in a position to need all the true friends that he could find. Once they had picked up their college-days friendship like it had never lapsed, Cillian had offered Nell the role of her life working for him. After she heard why he needed her, she accepted the part.
She had three or four characters that she resorted to the most often, and that made it a little easier. Most of them were used briefly as couriers, delivering goods and information that was best not trusted to others. Her most used character, however, the one that really mattered the most, was luckily not all that different from Nell herself and, therefore, was easy enough to sustain for long periods of time.
Her creation Murna was a pretty Irish woman who liked women and made her living as a fake fortune-teller in Donegal. She saw to it that Murna was in town and practicing her profession on a fairly regular basis, so that enough locals could vouch for the fact that Murna was real. The truth was that Nell got a kick out of inventing attempts to see the future, given the real fortune-teller she found herself spending time with these days. 
Murna’s new age interests took her to a number of fairs and conferences, several of which had been in Reykjavik—considered a premier location for such things. Luckily Cillian had already managed to learn that the reserved receptionist for d4 had a private soft spot for aura readings and working with crystal vibrations. A pretty fortune-teller from Ireland with a bit of a gypsy style about her was exactly Hulda’s type.
Nell always did her homework, and after the second conference together she had landed in Hulda’s bed, where she now was a welcome and fairly frequent visitor. Away from the office Hulda turned out to be smarter, funnier and nicer than Nell would have guessed, and the line between acting and genuinely enjoying was now quite blurred. Subterfuge worked best that way and Nell knew it, but the more she learned to care for Hulda the more she dreaded the inevitable end of her role. Ah well, that was a worry for another day.
Today’s problem was a bit sticky in its own way too. She needed to be a young male, and land a job as a temp at the Marina outside of Dublin. Hulda herself had provided the information that Baldur was having his yacht brought over. Nell wanted to get assigned to working around that yacht, using the opportunity to learn what she could.
Then her sweet Icelandic lover had uncharacteristically complained about her boss. Hulda confided to Murna that while she was willing to ignore Baldur’s ongoing conceit and arrogance, she was concerned that he seemed fixated on taking some young woman out on his yacht. Hulda got the impression that this lady might be forced to acquiesce to the boat ride and more, for business reasons, and that offended Hulda to her very core. So she had called Murna and questioned her at length about the Irish police and their attitudes and whether this young woman would likely find the legal system helpful in the worst of cases and did Murna think maybe Hulda should do something more. 
Nell, as Murna, listened sympathetically and assured Hulda that surely the situation couldn’t be that bad. As soon as she heard the young woman’s name, however, it had taken considerably more acting talent to remain disinterested. Why in the world would Baldur, a man even his secretary described as having a low thermostat when it came to sex, be so insistent on taking Ariel on a romantic little jaunt out to sea?  
Nell decided that she not only had to be part of the crew, she had to be along for that particular ride, and she had to be so well camouflaged that Ariel could look right at her and suspect nothing. Nell tore through the pile of clothes on the bed, seeking just the right look.

******

Siarnaq was glad that the man had been able and willing to travel to Nuuk. Ariel had made a good point. It was possible that this enemy of his enemy was every bit as untrustworthy as his own cousin, and possibly far more ruthless. Siarnaq thought that if he could look this stranger in the eye, he could better judge whether he, and the entire human race, were better off aligned with this foreigner.

Baldur was sure that he could gain the Inuit man’s cooperation over time, one way or another. Eoin had been proof of how easy it was to gain the obedience of a good man, if you did it very slowly. You needed to make a serious enough threat to the well being of someone they cared about, and require just a tiny infraction to remove the large danger. The decision had to be easy. Then over time, the threats could grow less while the requests grew larger, until the good man was so complicit in the process that he harmed himself more than anyone by trying to extricate himself from the situation.
Not that Eoin hadn’t asserted a little uncharacteristic independence out on the golf course the other day. Baldur wasn’t worried—he found it a bit amusing. Pimping was such an ugly word. No wonder Eoin balked once he considered the instructions in that light. Future directions regarding Ariel’s availability to Baldur would need to be given more obliquely. Hopefully, they wouldn’t be needed at all.
Baldur prided himself on being flexible. This trip proved it. He had never been to Greenland before, and frankly he would have been happy to keep it that way. But the Inuit man had insisted that they meet in person.  So, what the hell? It was only an overnight trip. 
Baldur exited the small plane and walked straight out onto the runway at the tiny airport in Nuuk and laughed. This was a nation’s capital? It was hard to imagine that there was anything up here worth coveting.

Siarnaq reached out his hand without thinking. His experiences with Ariel were unique as far as he knew. He never expected the surge of electricity that left him confused and almost helpless as soon as his fingers were less than a centimeter away from Baldur’s hand. Had he ever been touched by a Taser, he would have put the sensation in much the same category.

Baldur responded to the reach for a handshake without giving it much thought. He usually wore gloves, but had removed them once the day turned unusually balmy. With years of practice he had become less responsive to physical touch and more so to the feel of an electronic device. Flashes of the next few seconds seldom jolted him now when he shook hands, so he couldn’t have been more surprised when a dull low roar vibrated into his body like an earthquake rolling beneath him. He fought to keep his balance.

The two men eyed each other carefully. “We have to talk,” they said in unison. And so they did.

Baldur returned home amazed that he could possibly have been so naïve. Not only was there at least one person out there who appeared to be able to see weeks ahead, there was another who claimed convincingly to see through the centuries. Why had this possibility not occurred to him?
Baldur saw Ariel’s gift as potentially useful, but could not imagine what good Siarnaq’s ability could possibly be. What a nuisance to walk around obsessed with the end of the world. No wonder the man seemed more than a little peculiar.
What mattered was that this obsession with the world’s end had led Siarnaq to some crazy crusade to isolate his people. All well and good. Baldur could have cared less whether the Inuit retained their old ways of life or not. But that obsession had led to a hatred of a cousin who seemed hell-bent on doing the opposite. This cousin was moving machines into the far north and secretly training the Inuit to use them, and Siarnaq wished to stop this cousin at all costs. Siarnaq claimed that his need to stop his cousin had lead him to seek out the man’s potential enemies.
That had turned out to be excellent. The cousin was none other than Baldur’s competition, the tagalong investor Mikkel who seemed to be amassing wealth too fast to explain. 
Baldur supposed that all the money was being funneled into the modernize-the-far-north campaign that this man led, which did seem like a colossal waste of resources, not that humanity hadn’t already found endless ways to take perfectly good money and blow it up in wars and otherwise piss it away. Baldur didn’t like waste, and he would have thought more of Mikkel if the man were doing something productive with his money, like using it to grow more wealth. 
But not all humans were as rational as Baldur, and he frequently had to remind himself of that. Others squandered fortunes on charities, political ambitions, and inevitably futile efforts to make the world more to their own personal liking. Baldur knew better than to waste his money on any of those things.
What mattered now was that he now knew what Mikkel was up to.  If the man needed to be stopped, and it looked like he did, then Baldur had a second alternative. He could go after Mikkel’s investment firm or, if it turned out to be more efficient, he could now go after Mikkel’s pet project. Possibly it could be sabotaged gradually and used to drain Mikkel’s resources. Possibly it could be destroyed outright, leaving the man with no need to carry on. Either way, having options was better.
He had promised Siarnaq to stay in touch with him, and that he would work to bring Mikkel down. Siarnaq, for his part, had promised to pass along any further information that he learned, and had been genuinely thankful for the assurances.
Baldur wouldn’t go so far as to say that they parted as friends, but they had at least parted as two men with a common objective. And Baldur had to admit that he felt a little sorry for the guy. What a burden to live with. All that doom. Poor man. 

Siarnaq said farewell to Baldur, amazed that he could once have been so naïve. Not only was there at least one person out there who appeared to be able to see events from her own life just weeks ahead, there was another who claimed convincingly to see clearly only seconds into the future. Why hadn’t this possibility occurred to him?
Siarnaq saw Ariel’s gift as potentially useful, but could not imagine living with Baldur’s ability. Maybe it could help you avoid having something fall on your head, but what a nuisance to walk around obsessed with the next few seconds in life. No wonder the man seemed more than a little peculiar.
What mattered was that this obsession with the immediate had led Baldur to some odd investment strategy that had become his whole life. How sad. Siarnaq had considered confiding in the man about his relationship with Ariel, but in the end he had held the information back, remaining vague about how he had learned of the competition between Baldur and Mikkel. Better to wait and learn more first.
 The good news was that cousin Carl Mikkel had become a thorn in Baldur’s side, and Baldur was every bit as anxious to put a stop to the man as Siarnaq was. Clearly Mikkel had become obsessed with making money just so that he could fund his modernization schemes. Siarnaq did not care in the least how rich Mikkel got, but if Baldur could stop the man from reshaping Greenland by stopping his flow of money, then a good end would be achieved for all.
He had promised Baldur to stay in touch with him, and to pass along any further information that he learned. Baldur, for his part, had virtually assured Siarnaq that he would find a way to bring Mikkel down. 
Siarnaq wouldn’t go so far as to say that they parted as friends, but they had at least parted as two men with a common objective. And Siarnaq had to admit that he felt a little sorry for the guy. To be forced into always being so shortsighted, with all joy so fleeting. What a burden to live with. Poor man.
 13. Spring Ends

Eoin tried to be direct. “Yes, he told me wanted to take you out on his yacht and get to know you better. Come on Ariel, you’re a big girl. He’s a big client. Go and be friendly.” 
“I don’t like boats. Could I just have dinner with the man somewhere in town?” Ariel was furious at Eoin for pushing her into this but didn’t know how to explain why. Eoin’s request for her to spend time with a client was justified. 
“He wants you two to enjoy a boat ride together. Look, do you want to bring a friend along? If that’s the problem, I could send the big guy, Jake, with you, although I would think that at your age and with your looks you’ve figured out how to say ‘No thanks’ gracefully by now.”
Ariel considered the idea of bringing Jake. Yes, she generally could take care of herself just fine and she felt stupid requesting a chaperone. None of the guys in the office would bring along someone. 
“It’s okay. There will be a whole boat full of people there if by some bizarre reason he gets pushy. I’ll be fine. Sorry to be a problem, I’m just not fond of the man.” 
Eoin gave her a sympathetic shrug. “I doubt that his own mother is fond of him.”

Ariel accepted the invitation coldly over the phone. She’d briefly considered donning a burka for the outing just to make a point, but in the end opted for something that was less obvious and almost as effective. She arrived in the middle of a cool, misty Saturday afternoon for a dinner sail with big sunglasses and a big hat, and clothing and accessories that covered every other inch of her skin except for her nose and mouth. Her body language as she strode on to the deck must have said as much as her style of dress, because Baldur greeted her with a raised eyebrow and a muttered “Oh my.”
He avoided touching her around others while he gave her a friendly tour of the boat, keeping doors open and others in sight as he did so. He is trying to put me at ease, Ariel thought. Maybe he isn’t such a bad guy. It could be that he regrets his behavior that last time that we met.
Talk was light until they settled into deck chairs and a waiter brought drinks and fancy snacks.
“Word is that you like a good mojito,” he smiled.
“Yes. I do.” She let herself give him a small smile back.
“Ariel, I’m going to be honest with you. I manipulate numbers quite well, but I’m not so good with people. I stumble sometimes. My English is not bad, but not as good as you may think. I am poor with nuances in Icelandic, and considerably worse in your native tongue.”
She nodded sympathetically. She had gone ahead and bought herself software to study Icelandic and had gotten through about four lessons before she had given up in frustration. She could not imagine learning a second language, much less the several that so many Europeans managed. 
“Besides customs and words, you have surprised me and I don’t surprise well. Perhaps you understand that?” he asked.
Ariel did.
“I was inexplicitly drawn to you the first time I touched you. It was a feeling so overwhelming, and so unexpected, that I may have reacted poorly. I’m sure I did so the second time.”
“You told me you wanted to take over the world and use me to do it,” Arial replied.
“That’s where language and nuance may have been a problem,” Baldur suggested. “I wish to make money and lots of it, but so do all of Ullow’s clients. There is nothing evil about that.”
“You have an unfair advantage over others. You do sense the future, don’t you?” she said.
“Yes, you have learned my secret.” 
Ariel appreciated hearing the truth. 
“All high frequency trading gives your clients an unfair advantage, Ariel, and you know it, so don’t claim high moral ground with me,” he said. “What’s more, I’m not one-hundred percent accurate in what I see. There is obviously some variability involved and I make mistakes. I’ve lost large sums before. I’m not infallible.”
“When you touch me, you can see further than you normally do, can’t you?” Ariel asked.
Baldur nodded. “That is part of what surprised me so much.”
“And when you touch me I see closer in. We interfere with each other’s natural frequencies,” Ariel said.
“That’s a good way to put it.” Baldur seemed delighted to hear it explained so clearly. “From the interference comes new information. What I’m trying to say is that if you would work with me, I think I could become much better at investing and perhaps train you as well. We would both benefit. Surely you don’t want to work for some company all of your life? I could help you get started, even give you a little seed capital, and in return you help me be more effective.” 
Ariel was wary. “I thought you said that humans never really helped each other, they just pretended like they did.” She took the glove off of her right hand with a deliberate motion. It was time to gather information from this man. “Have you developed a higher opinion of humanity over the past couple of months?”
“I misspoke.” Her slowly approaching hand was making him nervous. “I think cooperation is possible and you and I could aspire to it.”
“Really?” Ariel was having trouble accepting his changed worldview. As her fingers wiggled towards the open V-neck shirt that exposed his throat, he took a step back from her.
“Don’t touch me!” He said it more sharply than he intended and she looked at him quizzically.
“Why? Is there something in our mutual near future that you don’t want me to see?”
“I am offering you the chance to be far richer than you could ever hope to be,” he said defensively. “I would think that your response would be gratitude and eager acceptance.”
“Assuming I want to be very rich, and I’m not actually sure that I do, exactly how would you envision a partnership between us? I’m prohibited from using my company’s software to make trades and I can’t go beating out my own clients.”
He laughed aloud at her when he heard her first concern. “I rather assumed that you would quit your job. That would allow me unlimited access to you, physically, and in return you would no longer have any ethical constraints.”
“So not a partnership, more of an apprenticeship. Are we talking about a sexual relationship?”
“I don’t know,” he said. “Holding your hand might be as effective as anything, in which case I would ask for nothing more. However, I’ve developed some theories of my own about how this works. Did you know that atoms are almost all space? I read somewhere that you could fit the entire human race inside of a cube of sugar! So I figure with all that space our boundaries are a little less clear than we think they are on a macroscopic scale.”
Ariel agreed. “Electrons get shared all the time between atoms. In the subatomic world they jump all over the place and have no sense of belonging to me or you or the chair I am sitting in. They go where they go.”
“Exactly!  The past is done—where those electrons have been is decided. But the future is only possibilities, and because of that I think the fuzziness of the boundaries between me and you matters. When I see the future, my edges aren’t so well defined. I touch you, or my keyboard, and there is fluidity, and that’s why touch gives me more information.”
“You think more skin contact gives better results?”
“It makes sense. I also notice that changing the contact area helps. It’s like after a while you’ve exploited all the overlap and if you introduce new surfaces, and therefore new electrons, then the information flow stays strong. To answer your question, I would require sufficient and varied skin contact with you, as I experiment with ways to use you to be more effective with longer term trading. There would need to be a certain amount of trial and error and you would have to be open to that as well.”
“So I’d be your girlfriend?” Ariel persisted with the questions. “And your student.”
“Others would likely consider you my girlfriend, yes. What we consider each other is up to us and matters very little to me as long as I have as much access to as much of your body as I need.”
She wiggled her fingers towards his neck again. “And I get as much access as I need, too.”
“Of course. See. It is a mutually beneficial arrangement. It could possibly include pleasure and affection. I understand that those are frequent byproducts of intimacy. 
This one was a charmer with ladies, Ariel thought with chuckle.
“And what if one of us tires of the arrangement?”
“I’m afraid we would have to revert to the initial terms of a teacher and an apprentice. When the teacher believes that the arrangement is done, the student leaves with her new skills and, in this case, her money as well. I’d want my seed capital repaid with interest of course, but the profits you made for yourself beyond that would be yours to keep. They would likely be considerable.”
Ariel knew the next question would be the sticking point.
“And if the student decides that she no longer wishes to continue her training?”
Baldur shook his head at her. “Once a teacher has invested a great deal in an apprentice, he is understandably going to be reluctant to have her quit the arrangement prematurely. The teacher is expected to be reasonable in this regard, however, and to take the needs of the student into account.”
“That means that if I agree to your proposal, you can send me on my way at any time, but as long as I’m making you more money, you’re not going to be inclined to let me go anywhere. Do I become your prisoner?”
Baldur considered. He wanted to give her the best answer, because he was starting to get disturbing flashes from the next few minutes every time his hand brushed against anything on the boat. It was so rare for him these days to have premonitions about anything other than money. They had been so faint as to have been almost unnoticeable only a few minutes earlier, and he suspected that they had to be increasing in probability because of the conversation he was having.
“You’ll have no reason to be unhappy with the arrangement,” he assured her.
“And if I choose to decline your very generous offer?” Ariel asked.
He noted the sarcasm. “That would be an irrational choice. Don’t you want to know what we are capable of together?”
A black fuzziness was beginning to form on the periphery of Ariel’s vision, and she felt a little dizzy. Baldur noticed how she steadied herself in her chair.
“I’m sorry Ariel, but I couldn’t take the chance that you might decline to participate in my experiment today. For my own planning purposes, I must know if this thing between us is actually effective for investing, and if so I need to know just how well it works.”
“You put something in my drink.” Ariel was outraged.
Baldur smiled. This one had a sharp mind. “It’s only a mild sedative. You’ll be fine. Lucky for you, I suspect that I need you to be conscious for you to be of any use to me. All that is going to happen is that I am going help you up out of your chair, and help you take off that terribly ugly jacket you found to wear today. We are going to enjoy the sunset together while I put my arm around your bare waist and you let me take the time to gather some information for both of us. You may not be nearly as useful to me as I think, in which case we part agreeably and I’ll keep your secrets and you keep mine.”
That seemed liked her best hope, Ariel thought.
“If it looks like I am right, however, then you are going to come below deck with me and please don’t be silly about it. Everyone on this boat works for me. Luckily for us the New York Stock Exchange is open for two more hours. We’ll try a few test decisions together and see how it goes. If it goes very well, then we can face those thorny questions about what comes next.”
It almost seemed reasonable. Ariel stood up, took off her own jacket, and grabbed Baldur’s arm herself and placed it around her waist, thinking that she’d as soon get this little experiment over with and move on. 
However, as soon as the skin contact was made, the flash of premory hit her hard. It was an almost certain tilting of the ship’s deck as it inexplicitly made a very hard turn to the right. She saw the boat approach a forty-five degree list as chairs and people slid across it and several deck hands yelled. The image gave Ariel just enough warning for her to turn around and grab onto a rail behind her and be holding on tight when the incident began a second later.
Baldur had seen the same possibility of an unexplained dangerous turn of the boat, but when Ariel stood up and he placed his arm on her, his mind went straight to the wonders of the weeks ahead and lost all connection with the immediate future. The sudden twist of his yacht took him by surprise. He slid between the slates of the outer guardrail and found himself hanging out over the water yelling for help and trying to keep his feet out of the icy bay. It was a less than dignified experience.
By the time the boat was righted and an angry Baldur was hauled to safety, two patrol vessels had approached the yacht to make sure that all was well. A disturbed Ariel quickly accepted an offer for safe transportation back to shore. 
The agitated crew thought that one of the two local hired hands had been serving as helmsman on the calm seas while the captain tended to other business, but only one of the locals could be found after the rescue ships left, and he could prove that he had been below deck.  The other local hire was never seen again, and the crew guessed that he might have tried to swim to shore rather than face the consequences of his actions. A watch was put out for his body, but no body was ever found.

******

Ariel called Zane the next night and she was in a foul mood. 
“Tell your friend that he is absolutely correct in his worst assumptions of our mutual acquaintance and I need to find a way to tell him more. Zane, you know how you can morph your appearance but you don’t really want anyone to know about it?”
“Right. I don’t want it to be public knowledge, at any rate. But my close friends all know. Why? Did you tell somebody else?”
“Oh no, nothing like that.” Ariel hesitated. “Zane, I have a secret like that too. Only in my case, nobody knows.”
“That isn’t healthy,” Zane said, worry in his voice.
“Well, two people know now, but they aren’t my family and it turns out that they aren’t my friends either. In fact, these people are both part of my problem. Zane, I might be in over my head here.”
Ariel could feel her brother searching for the right response. “Can I pass along any sort of request for help for you?” Zane said.
“Maybe. Tell your friend—tell him that the thing he thinks our mutual acquaintance can do—he’s right. The guy can do it. But I need you to tell him that I can do it too. Only differently. I’m sorry, I know this is confusing and no way to let your brother in on your troubles. Tell him that maybe I should have told him right away but for god’s sake I’d never told anybody before and I just didn’t see at the time how it was going to turn out to be so important.”
There was more silence on the other end of the line. “Ariel, what sort of thing does this mutual acquaintance do exactly?”
Ariel shrugged. She was tired of being paranoid. If Baldur had her phone tapped, he did, and he wasn’t going to learn anything new from this conversation.
“He sees the future, Zane. He’s a client of mine and he’s wreaking havoc in the world of investing, and your friends are worried about the ramifications.”
“Oh,” Zane said. “That does explain several things that Toby said. And what about you?”
“I sort of have a way of remembering what might happen, too, but it’s not like usually about things that would help me make money. It’s like things about my life, or the lives of people I touch. I don’t know Zane—it’s mostly a nuisance, but now this head case thinks he can harness what I can do to make even more money for himself.” 
“Should I try to get somebody over to Dublin to get you back to Texas safely?” The worry in Zane’s voice was growing.
“I don’t want to overreact. I think I’m okay for now. Really. I just want your friend to have all the facts. Please tell him that I’m going to find a way to get him Jake’s research too and more specifics about my own peculiarity. I’ll find a way to put the information somewhere out there on the internet where only you can access it and pass it along.  All this background in IT, I ought to at least be able to do that much. So tell him that a lot more facts are coming.”
“Ariel, I know that you’re not one to ask for help,” her brother said. “But if things get weird, I mean more weird, don’t wait too long to reach out to me or somebody else, okay?”
“Yeah, I promise I won’t.”

******

By the next night when Ariel called Siarnaq, she was calmer but more determined. Once Siarnaq learned of Baldur’s horrible fixation with her, surely he would back off of his idiotic plan to align with the man in order to stop Mikkel from hastening the modernization of Greenland. However, Ariel didn’t get a chance to confide in Siarnaq. He started talking first. 
“I’m so glad you called, beautiful sunset lady with sky blue eyes.” His good humor and joy at hearing from her were clear. “I’ve been wanting to call you too, and share my wonderful news. The man we discussed, your client from Iceland. We talked. He is not a bad man at all, and he’s going to look into all the information I gave him about what Mikkel is doing. He has assured me that putting a stop to Mikkel will solve his problems as well as mine.”
“Oh no,” Ariel said.
“Aren’t you happy for me? You of all people, you have seen some of the lives that will come to be because of my alliance with this man.  Do you not wish these distant descendants the joys that you and I have shared?” When Ariel said nothing, Siarnaq said, “Or perhaps you value them less because they are not going to be people like you.”
“That’s ridiculous Siarnaq.” Ariel was instantly annoyed at the accusation. “You should understand me better than that. Listen. I want you to succeed and I want people, any and all kinds of people, to live on. But it is far more complicated. Baldur is using you to accomplish some very nasty short-term plans. You don’t want to be helping him.”
“I doubt that is true,” Siarnaq replied. “Or you would have seen scenarios in which he causes such harm. Have you?”
“No but I don’t see everything. I can’t touch him like a normal person and get information. He’s got some variation of what you and I have.” Ariel wasn’t sure how far she wanted to go with this line of thought.
“I know this already!” Siarnaq’s voice was filled with excitement again. “We discovered it when we met. It is one of the very reasons that I trust him.  I do not think that those who can see ahead do harm to others lightly. They know the consequences.”
“Did you two spend much time in contact?” Ariel asked.
“We could barely touch. It was a little painful when we did. I think it is because what he and I are is so incongruent that it can’t be melded like it can between me and you. But we both felt each other’s power,” Siarnaq said.
Well, he and I can meld,” Ariel said. “He was fairly aggressive about trying it with me, and he made it clear that he intended to gain my cooperation.”
“So cooperate with him,” Siarnaq said in exasperation. “This man is on our side.”
“This man is on no one’s side but his own,” Ariel answered with equal frustration. “He just wants to stop Mikkel from making money so he can make more, god only knows why. He’s totally selfish and I can’t believe that you are so naïve that you can’t see that.”
“You suspect that anyone who didn’t grow up in your sophisticated society is naive, don’t you?” Siarnaq shot back. “This man is my ally. If you’re my friend, you will help him.”
“Then I guess I’m not your friend,” Ariel said, “because I sure as hell don’t intend to help him.” Her goodbye was as cold as Greenland had been when she and Siarnaq first met.
14. Summer Begins 

Over the next week a disgruntled Ariel spent a fair amount of time rereading the documents that Toby had given her while she tried to figure out the best way to send information back. She’d just walked away from a man with whom she had a special—no, make that a truly a unique relationship—and she’d done it based not only on how personally distasteful she found Baldur, but also because of Toby’s assurances that Baldur was hell-bent on taking over the world’s economy. 
She had heard nothing from Siarnaq since she had bade him a cold goodbye a week ago, and she missed his ongoing funny, warm communications with her. One of her favorite musicians, Lana Del Ray, released a new album on the first day of summer. Ariel played its best single, “Summertime Sadness” over and over as she tried to learn more about the situation that had caused her rift with Siarnaq. In spite of her irritation with him, she had to admit that she was worried about him. She was pretty sure that any kind of collaboration with Baldur only ended well for Baldur.
After several nights of study, on a whim she went back to her search engine and typed in d4. Pages one, two and three took her to electronic products, restaurants and video games that used the letter and number combination, and there were two bland links connected to the Icelandic investment company as well. On a whim she typed in the calculus notation d4/dt. There was more of what she’d already seen, but on the bottom of page two she discovered a word for the mathematical expression. She clicked on it, and as she made her way through the article that popped up, she was pretty certain that she’d found meaning behind the name,
One’s location can be described by the letter x. How fast one moves is the first derivative of x, written dx/dt in math. Ariel knew this; it basically described how fast your car was going.
The second derivative, d2x/dt2, was what most people called acceleration. It was how fast one’s car speeded up or came to a stop. Common knowledge. Ariel was surprised to learn that the third derivative, a change in acceleration, was called jerk, and if a person went too quickly from speeding up real fast to not speeding up that much at all, that quick change in acceleration tended to make a person puke. So jerk was important in designing vehicles.
The fourth derivative also showed up occasionally, but in the physical world it was the first of the derivatives of time to be beyond the realm of human detection. Changes in jerk simply made no sense to anyone not working their way through an equation, and regular people had no reason to know or care that it existed. This fourth derivative, change in jerk, also had an official name. It was called snap, and it was the world of the instantaneous that existed one step past something a person could explain. It was change that happened under the radar. It was Baldur’s world. 
Ariel was glad that she had heard nothing from Baldur in the week since she gratefully accepted a ride from a patrol boat back to Dun Laoghaire Marina and headed home without even telling him goodbye. That had given her seven days in which to ponder whether her own mind was exaggerating the degree to which Baldur was a threat to her.
He had drugged her, although even then he had assured her it was a mild sedative and she would not be harmed. He had also told her that his use of her language was awkward. Maybe he only ended up sounding like a creep because of bad social skills and poor word choice. Was that possible? She didn’t think so, but she kept playing the conversations over in her mind.
Eoin had been out sick all week with a nasty flu virus that he had caught from his kids, and she’d taken the opportunity to lay low around the office. She had spent some time filling up her thumb drive with all the documentation she could get from Jake about his little study on Baldur’s trading techniques, and she looked it over carefully. Jake was definitely right.  He pretty much had proof that this client had some kind of minute-to-minute insider information on entire market sectors.
She spent way too much time that week trying to compose a document for Toby. It was all so weird to write out, so she finally gave up and opted for bullet points hitting the highlights of her own premories since childhood, her experiences with Siarnaq, Siarnaq’s quest to prolong humanity’s survival, his hatred for Mikkel, Siarnaq’s new allegiance with Baldur, and finally Baldur’s threats and/or offer of collaboration with her. Oh wait. At the last minute she went ahead and added in Nell’s information on Cillian’s alleged powers of distant prophesy, and her own weird premonitions of Nell as other people.
Zane was right—it had probably been therapeutic to write it all down. It did read a little like the script for a bad comic book series, she decided, but she sent it all on to Toby anyway. He could believe her or not and do with the information as he saw fit. At least someone out there would know everything about the situation.
Now that she thought about it, she felt a little weak and feverish herself. Surely she wasn’t coming down with whatever Eoin had. Given everything else that was going on, getting sick was the last thing that she needed.

Ariel spent the weekend in bed. Her mom video-called Sunday afternoon to check on her, apologizing that she kept picking up general vibes of misery from her daughter and was getting worried. Ariel made a concerted effort to think about anyone but Baldur and Siarnaq while she assured her mother that it was just a virus, and that she’d seek out a doctor if she didn’t get better soon.
Her mom played along, chatting about life back in Texas and how unbearably hot it was already and how her magazine article was going to get published next month and she was so excited. As the conversation wore down, her mother began to fidget. 
“I’m not sure how to say this, honey, so I’ll be blunt. I can’t tell what it is that you are trying so hard not to think about while you talk to me, but I can tell that is what you are doing. I know how capable you are and how independent you have always been and I’m not going to pry.”
“Good,” Ariel said, but of course her mom hadn’t finished her sentence.
“But please understand that we all do need help occasionally. If you get in over your head, I’ve got resources. Some of them live near you and would be more than glad to back you up a little.”
Ariel hadn’t thought of that. There was the old guy from London with the canoe paddle and the Nigerian telepath that sort of showed up everywhere, and, actually, between Mom and Teddie there were quite a few other odd folks out there with skills that could be useful against any evil tyrant trying to take over the world. Ariel smiled to herself. The ladies in her family did have some connections.
“You’re right, mom. I’m not really in a situation where I feel like I have to call for help, but I promise that if things go that far, I’ll yell if I need to. I hadn’t thought much about the kind of resources that you might be able to access. Thanks for offering.”
By Monday morning her fever still hadn’t broken and she called in sick, and by Tuesday she reluctantly started looking for healthcare options in a foreign country. By Tuesday afternoon she was in a crowded waiting room of a clinic, warily eying two dozen other sick people who sat next to her sneezing and wiping their noses.
“This is insane,” Ariel blurted out to the busy middle-aged Irish woman who turned out to be her new physician. “I can fling a hundred gigabytes of data around the globe, have text translated into over two hundred languages as I read it, and pull up satellite photos of your parking lot on my cell phone as I drive over here. Why the hell can’t somebody wipe out the common cold?”
The woman smiled. “Because it’s a much more difficult thing to do than the stuff you are describing. You don’t fight anything. Your machines cooperate. Well, at least up until now they do.” When Ariel raised an eyebrow the doctor laughed. “Don’t mind me, I read way too much science fiction. Here, in reality, I do battle every day with an enemy that has the good sense to keep changing and has the foresight not to destroy the habitat that keeps it alive. I can’t say nearly as much for the human race that I try so hard to keep healthy,” she laughed.
“Wait, we are talking about a virus here, right?” Ariel asked.
“Oh we definitely are. If a virus doesn’t keep adapting to stay one step ahead of us, we can manage to eradicate it. We say the virus is mutating, kind of a pejorative term actually. The poor thing is just doing its very best to live as long as it can. That is the prime directive of life.”
Ariel sniffed to hold back a sneeze. “Guess I never looked at it from the virus’s point of view.”
“Well, looking at it like a virus, we’re just big slow lumbering habitats that it has to keep alive in order to survive. Good thing, too. You get a stupid virus like Ebola or something, and it kills off its host before it can get to a new one.  Dumb, dumb, dumb.”
“So a really smart virus causes the fewest uncomfortable symptoms, so that its habitat will go out and about, launching it around everywhere.”
The doctor laughed. “That’s it exactly. Yet it is has got to get you sneezing and coughing at least a little in order to get launched. The one you’ve got isn’t exactly a genius as far as viruses go. It made you sick enough to stay home from work. Luckily I’m going to prescribe some great symptom-relieving drugs and you’re going to be out running around spreading it everywhere by morning.” She gave a wink. “I’m a virus’s best friend.”
“You’re mine too if you can make me feel better,” Ariel assured her.

Ariel was back in the office by Wednesday, and a still sick-looking Eoin sought her out early in the day.
“You’re back. Good. Baldur came down sick last week, too, but he did call to convey his disappointment that you’re outing ending so poorly. They never caught the bloke that sabotaged your ride, but the police are blaming it on some fringe Irish independence group that tries to scare off foreign money sources.” Eoin shook his head. “So many kinds of idiots out there.”
Ariel nodded without comment. 
“He wants to try for another get-together. The man seems determined to get to know you better. But relax. He’s not only invited me along this time, he’s gone as far as to suggest that d4 would also like to include our other two Dublin-based clients and a few of their guests. Sort of the walrus hunt idea that you envisioned way back when.” 
“I wasn’t going to hunt walruses,” Ariel reminded him. “And isn’t that a little out of character for Baldur? Friendly and generous all at once?”
Eoin considered. “Yeah, it is. Maybe he’s smitten with you?”
“I don’t think so,” Ariel said.
“Offer another explanation?” Eoin suggested. “You can hardly say no under the circumstances. He’s looking to host a day at Iceland’s famous Blue Lagoon geothermal spa, which has got to be one of the most amazing things in that country. A Friday in two weeks. He’s reserved the exclusive lounge for us for the whole afternoon, and then dinner in their famous LAVA restaurant built into the side of a cliff. You can fly home the next morning or stay on and sightsee on your own for the rest of the weekend if you want. I’m thinking of having the missus come over the next day if she can get her mum to watch the kids.”
Once Ariel sighed in resignation, he couldn’t resist adding, “Hey, do they wear clothes at that spa or not? I’m not sure. You never know with those Scandinavians.” Then seeing her pained expression, he laughed. “Don’t worry. I checked online. Swimsuits are not only required, they’ll even let you wear a burqini.” Eoin couldn’t resist giving Ariel a little wink. “I hear that some of those burqinis are kind of cute, you know, if you want to go that route.”
Ariel glared at him as he continued to chuckle.
“Wear what you fooking like, Zeitman, but clear your calendar for the trip. Your presence is required.” 

Ariel had a lot of options. The most obvious was to do her job, go on the trip to Iceland, have a good time, let Baldur get his answer about how much use she could be to him, and not worry about what that would lead to until she got there. It was a good sensible option because it didn’t involve overreacting and making a situation worse. At least, it was a good option for any woman who did not occasionally see her own future.
Only a fool would take such a chance, however, when touching items at work that related to Baldur produced faint low-level premories that were all over the place. Somewhere out there was a future where Ariel and Baldur became lovers in Iceland. In some scenarios, he destroyed her in mere months, sometimes literally, more often only metaphorically. In other futures, they began to rule the world together like despots, their greed growing like a tumor. Alternatives existed in which she killed him when she had the chance.
Other futures spoke of Ariel locked away, kept barely alive and used by all of d4. In the worst of those, they used her not only for the way the touch of her skin could add to their wealth building, but they also used her any other way they saw fit while they were at it. Alternatives existed in which she killed herself before it could go on any longer.
Some possibilities spoke of nothing so dire.  There was some probability that Baldur would find her to be useless. In some scenarios he was kept from getting his answers as their game of cat and mouse continued to wear on past when Ariel could see.  Some alternatives had her pacifying him for months, aiding him a little now and then to keep him at bay, but mostly stalling on their working relationship as she sought a safer alternative.
It was clear to Ariel that this had many ways to go, and some of them were bad. Quite bad. As she had when faced with the possibility of her own mother drowning, she concentrated on taking various actions, struggling to visualize and weave her way through the filmy threads created when she focused on different choices.
The good news was that action on her part did not seem to make the less desirable alternatives clearer and brighter. Doing something, and doing it now, banished some of the worst alternatives to a faintness that made them almost invisible. 
Excellent. For once this damn gift was going to be of some use. Good timing. So what action did the best job of bringing the most favorable outcomes to the forefront?
Talking to Cillian. How odd. That one had been low on her list. Granted Nell had made her curious about how foresight worked for a true prophet who saw ahead a millennium or more, but Nell had also made it clear that Cillian didn’t particularly like to talk about it. Ariel understood.
But Cillian also didn’t know what Ariel could do, or what Baldur could do, or what kind of danger the two of them could possibly produce together. She doubted that their little events affected the big things that he saw, but maybe not. The man should be told. 
She considered telling Eoin about setting up a meeting with Cillian, more as a courtesy to her boss than anything, when the images began to shift and the darker outcomes began to grow. It was the whirling dizzy sensation she got when the probabilities shifted, and she froze.
So for some reason, including Eoin on this decision was a poor choice. What about Nell? That seemed to be a neutral option. Then she thought about asking Brendan if he had any get-togethers scheduled with Cillian anytime soon. Maybe she could piggyback onto his meeting?
Dizzy twirling took over again. Well, it seemed that things were even better now with Brendan involved.
Decision making 101, Ariel laughed to herself, wishing this gift had been useful like this more times in the past. She picked up the phone. “Brendan? You got a moment? Can I come by and see you?”

Cillian was happy to make time for her, but hoped that she was willing to drive out to his place. With the sun not setting until almost ten at night now, she was more than willing to travel an hour for a late meal and even happier when Brendan offered to drive.
Cillian greeted them warmly, his thinning brown hair still wet from the shower, his body full of freckles made more apparent by the shorts and t-shirt he wore. Conversation was kept light while drinks and appetizers appeared.
“Let’s walk through the gardens,” Cillian suggested, and Ariel considered the possibility that the man didn’t necessarily trust the household help that cared for him. Perhaps one or more was known to have reported back to Mr. McGrane on one of his “good days”?
Once the three of them were far from the house, Cillian’s tone moved away from that of friendly host. “Nell says you either accepted what she said or played along like you did. She told you I don’t like to talk to about this, certainly not here, but I understand that she told you to come forth if you had more questions. So something is bothering you.”
The breeze and the mist in the air had worked together to churn Brendan’s bright hair into a froth of butterscotch, but underneath it his serious face nodded slightly, like this all made perfect sense to him. Ariel could only guess that he was in the loop as well. Of course he was.
Ariel opened her mouth and then decided there might be a more effective way to communicate. Hadn’t Siarnaq told her that he and Baldur could feel each other’s psychic abilities even though they were so disparate that they didn’t meld? 
She reached out her arm and firmly placed the inside of her right wrist against Cillian’s bare arm. He jumped back and yelled like someone had burned him.
“I’m sorry, I’m so sorry,” Ariel said holding her own arm in pain as the dull slow throbbing began to subside. “I had no idea it would be so strong.”
“What are you?” he asked in horror.
“I’m like you,” she replied steadily. “Like you, but different. You need to know. Let me explain.”
An hour later their drinks and appetizers were long gone and Ariel was sure the wait staff was beside themselves trying to serve dinner. The conversation for the last hour had centered on what Ariel could do as she covered learning about her gift as a child, her odd reaction at being offered the job in Dublin, and the amazing experiences she had lying with Siarnaq.
 Cillian and Brendan encouraged her to speak, offering few opinions and asking few questions.  It was clear that Brendan was far more than a programmer for Cillian’s software. He spoke like he was Cillian’s confidant and his friend.
 “We frankly thought that someone like you couldn’t exist,” Cillian told her. “We’ve known about Baldur for a while. His high frequency foresight isn’t all that uncommon really—people who have it often don’t even fully notice it. A second before the phone rings you know who it is, a second before the song comes on the radio you know what is coming. That kind of thing. For some reason Baldur seems to have discovered his ability and developed it well as a child, and early detection and practice of course strengthen anything.”
“Why aren’t more people using it like he is?” Ariel asked.
“Well, most of the small percentage of people who even acknowledge that their gift is real have neither the resources nor the training to use it on the stock market. Baldur is rather a confluence of unfortunate events, to be honest, and now he has sought out a small group like him and trained them too. They’ve all gotten particularly good at using their skills online. In a world without electronic stock exchanges, he’s just someone who can avoid a punch in the nose better than most. In this world, he is a problem.”
“And he wants to use me to become more of one,” Ariel said. “Now he’s being helped by the one man who knows way too much about what I can do. Why did I sleep with Siarnaq?”
Cillian smiled in a gentle way. “I don’t throw stones. I do know that foresight of any kind removes you a little bit from the rest of humanity. It’s harder to connect, and it is understandable for us to take the opportunities that we can to reestablish connection. We do already know of Siarnaq, too, if I wasn’t clear about it.”
“No, I didn’t get that from you. How would you know of him?”
Brendan answered. “Cillian has seen the effects of Siarnaq and of what he is trying to do. It might matter, and Cillian’s premories, as you so cutely call them, include some knowledge of the man behind the consequences.”
“So he might succeed?” Ariel was suddenly curious now that she was in the presence of someone who could see more of the story.
“He might. There are a lot more variables than he knows, but what he does could make a very large difference and in some scenarios even his name is remembered.”
“You’ve seen Siarnaq becoming a famous person in history?” Ariel asked, happier at this news than she would have expected.
“Yes I have. Ariel, before the entire kitchen empties out in the gardens to find us, I need to quickly tell you two things. Three actually, but I think you’ve guessed the third, which is that we don’t speak of this once we are back in the house.”
“Of course,” Ariel said.
“Good. Another is that while people with Baldur’s skill are not that uncommon, history has also produced a fair number of prophets like Siarnaq and myself who see far ahead. And of course it has also produced a lot of charlatans who claimed to do so. But we all thought that you couldn’t happen. What with the myriad of possibilities after even a few minutes, and the emotional burden of seeing those probabilities evolving in one’s own life, well, it seemed natural that nature sort of blocked out those frequencies, sort of like a notch filter if you will.“
“I’ve never known life without my premories,” Ariel said. “It’s not like I had a choice about them.”
“Well,” Cillian said, “you’re an extremely rare case, and possibly unique. We need to look out for you, for a whole lot of reasons.”
“There you are,” a flustered woman’s voice came from the other side of the hedge. “The roast is nearly ruined, Mr. McGrane. Please do come inside and let us serve you dinner.”
“We’re on our way, Maeve,” Cillian yelled back cordially. As the threesome made their way around the shrubbery, he whispered softly to Ariel, “The last thing I was trying to say was that we’ve all got your back at this Blue Lagoon spa thing coming up in in Iceland.”
“You’re going?” she asked in surprise.
“Are you kidding? Given the guest list, Nell and Brendan and I could not imagine missing it.” 

******

Mikkel did not want to waste two days in Iceland playing around at a spa. He was overwhelmed with the amount of work that he had to do, and the people that he had to organize to do it.
Not that he couldn’t use a little playtime, he thought. There had been a day when he had loved hiking and skiing and climbing and kayaking and relaxing with a few cold beers afterwards, and he wondered sometimes what had happened to the young man who enjoyed the outdoors. He hardly left his computer screen now.
There had also been a day when he had enjoyed his work. He had sped through a Ph.D. program, powered by his own considerable brainpower and his love of the subject matter. How could anyone not be fascinated by learning to fly through the air, by figuring out how to hurl things into space? The young boy who had stared at the never-ending night sky of winter and wanted nothing more than to fly up to the stars had grown into a man who knew just what it took to do so.
Only now that man was tired. The hours were long, and managing people was clearly not his forte. They wore him out with their petty squabbles and issues—not that he didn’t like people in theory. He did. He wished everyone well. He just wasn’t particularly suited to all the hand-holding and encouraging it seemed to take to get them all to work together.
He decided that in spite of his workload, he clearly needed to be at this shindig in Iceland. He, Baldur and Cillian were linked together in so many ways—three men dragging each other along in a bizarre sack race that had the very fate of the human race at stake. And the innocent software company Ullow basically served as the sack that bound them together. Mikkel shook his head. How in the hell had he gotten himself into this mess?
He thought of the guest list. That young American woman, Ariel, would certainly be there. Eager and curious, she’d been the last thing that this situation needed. Eoin should show some sense and send her back to the London office before she managed to really muck things up.
And yet, the mental image of spending two days in a spa with Ariel, with her bikini clad body possibly sitting right next to him, brought him a certain amount of unexpected pleasure. Oh good grief, he scolded himself. It had been far too long since he’d had any of that sort of relaxation either, hadn’t it? He’d better get a grip. Lusting after business contacts was a bad idea in general, and an awful idea under the circumstances.
Which brought to mind the obvious question. What sort of game was Baldur playing anyway? Socializing had never been a tool in the man’s arsenal. So why the sudden change? The idea of Baldur sitting next to Ariel in a hot tub, telling her stories while she listened in fascination, was oddly disturbing to Mikkel, and he scolded himself for a second time. 
Don’t let this competition thing with the man take over your brain, he told himself sternly. That young lady is not a prize to fight over—she is person who needs to go home before she gets hurt.
Mikkel puzzled over that last thought. All this time he figured he resented Ariel because he was concerned that she would dig too deeply into his affairs and cause him problems. Could it be that he also was worried for her safety? He supposed so. It was possible to be bothered by both possibilities.
He went back to the latest order of materials that he had been reviewing. Numbers and more numbers flashed on his screen as he scrolled, and yet all he could focus on was the mental image he had concocted of a certain redheaded support engineer wearing a swimsuit that was far skimpier than anything a real woman would ever wear on a business outing.
What did they call those things? Thongs?  He gave himself a mental head slap and went back to his numbers.

******

Toby had led an interesting life, and he didn’t surprise very easily. He’d come across his share of oddities, not the least of which had been meeting Zane Zeitman. Zane had been gifted with a degree of fine muscle control well beyond that of most people, and as a bored adolescent he’d spent his time in class learning how to do things like change the appearance of his chin and his cheekbones. The end result was that if you gave Zane the right wig and clothing, he could pretty much resemble any other human being. 
Toby had to wonder if Ariel’s odd story about remembering events from the future was the result of genetics or upbringing. A shape-shifting brother with a clairvoyant sister was not a coincidence. Had these kids grown up next to a radioactive waste dump or something? He supposed that Ariel could be making the whole thing up, driven by some childhood sense of competition with her brother that would not loosen its hold on her adult brain. From what he knew of the young woman, though, he doubted it. 
She’d written him from her heart, telling him stories he suspected that she might never have shared with anyone. He’d read of little Ariel sorting knowledge in her brain into memories and premories, relying on an innate sense of which was which much the way children in a bilingual household quickly developed a sense of what words went with what language.
She’d told him bluntly of her encounter with the Inuit man and how his prophetic abilities had merged so beautifully with hers. Toby read of the man’s odd quest to save the human race by isolating the people of Northern Greenland. 
Toby had been particularly interested in the story of Mikkel, a former aeronautics professor now doing something secretive for reasons of his own, and now the object of the Inuit man’s hatred. That hatred had allied the Inuit with an Icelandic investor named Baldur, which brought the whole mess squarely into Toby’s world. 
Baldur’s possible threats to Ariel, or at the very least his determination to find a way to use her skills to aid in his own amassing of wealth, had bad implications not only for the young woman herself, but for the world economy too. Casinos in Vegas regularly threw out gamblers who could count cards well enough to consistently defy the odds. They had no qualms about doing so. Were the equity exchanges of Earth’s leading nations capable of accepting that a small group of investors could gain a similar advantage by using a psychic ability that most people would scoff at? Toby was guessing that Baldur could do considerable damage before the possibility was well enough believed for regulations to be put in place to stop him.
If Baldur was smart, and Toby had every reason to believe that he was, then Baldur would move slowly enough not to set off alarms anywhere and yet quickly enough to become a force of his own before anyone could clearly prove anything.
It looked like that was exactly what the man was doing. Ariel would potentially make him quicker and more effective, and therefore even more difficult to stop.
Toby didn’t know what to make of the distant prophet Cillian and his dire predictions that also worried Ariel. Frankly that part of her narrative had struck him as far-fetched, conjuring up images in his brain of bearded men in rags standing on street corners holding up signs saying “The end is near”. Toby admitted that thinking a thousand years ahead probably wasn’t his strong suit. He tended to be the kind of man who was more focused on the here and now.
Plus, the present held plenty of its own problems. y1 had watched Baldur long enough to be sure that he was a crisis in the making, and Ariel had confirmed their suspicions and added a new urgency. They needed a plan for stopping d4 now.

Part 2. d4, Jerk and Snap

15. Summer at the Blue Lagoon

Ariel was surprised at how hard her heart pounded when she saw that the incoming call was from Siarnaq.
“Hello pretty sunset hair,” he greeted her, like they had never quarreled. “We should not be such strangers to each other.”
“No, we shouldn’t,” she agreed, searching for a neutral follow up. “How are things going for you?”
“They are well. I know that you do not want to hear more, unless you have changed your mind about the means I am using to pursue my purpose. I called only to see if you are doing well, and to tell you that I remain your friend, no matter what.”
“Thanks Siarnaq. I appreciate that. I’m happy to be your friend too. I still don’t think much of your new partner, though, and I still worry that you’ve made an alliance with a snake.”
“A snake. That’s some sort of tropical reptile, right?”
At first Ariel thought he was joking. Then it dawned on her that Greenland might not have snakes. “It’s an animal with a reputation for biting others, even those that have given it aid. It means someone that you can’t trust.”
“I see.” 
A few seconds of silence followed. Ariel finally said, “I’ll be at a company event next week, in Iceland, and will be spending a day or two in Baldur’s company. Because of my job, I have to be nice. I’ll try, I’ll really try, Siarnaq, to think better of the man and give him the benefit of the doubt.”
“This I would appreciate. At least use your open mind, not your closed one. Already he is doing me and my cause so much good, Ariel. I can’t begin to tell you how grateful he makes me.” 
That’s another whole problem, Ariel thought. “You know, if he bankrupts one of my other clients that’s not good for me either,” Ariel said.
“Perhaps this other client of yours, the real snake in this story, will wise up and put his money into something else, given all the many little problems he is now running into,” Siarnaq countered.
“Lot’s of little problems, huh?” Ariel muttered.
“Baldur is quite good at creating them,” Siarnaq said with satisfaction. “It will only get worse. Are you in a position to advise Mikkel to move on to other interests?”
“I’m never in a position to tell my clients what to do with their own money, Siarnaq. My job is just to help them make the stuff, and preferably lots of it.”
“I see. Well then, I will simply hope that you and Baldur have a very nice time next week.” Something about the way he said very made Ariel’s skin crawl.
“Surely you’re not hoping I jump into bed with him?” she asked with an outrage that she knew probably wasn’t warranted. 
“He has mentioned to me that if you and he worked together, he could be even more effective than he is now. Ariel, I wish him to be very effective.”
“And you don’t care at all what our working together entails?” She knew that it was an unreasonable question, or at least one being asked in an unreasonable tone of voice. She and Siarnaq had made no promises to each other. Hell, they hadn’t even spoken to each other in more than a month.
 “This man is my ally. If you’re my friend, you will help him anyway you can.”
 “I’m definitely not that much of a friend,” Ariel said and she disconnected the call. It made her sad to realize that this was pretty much how their conversation had ended the last time.

The trip from Keflavik International Airport to the spa was less than half an hour by limo. The Ullow group consisted of Ariel, Eoin, Brendan, and Jake traveling together. Cillian and Nell would arrive at KEF later by chartered jet and meet them at the spa around noon.
Jake and Eoin were checking out the bar in the limo, behaving like college kids getting to act like they were movie stars. Ariel ignored them as she pretended to check her email. Brendan was lost in his own thoughts as they drove, and, judging from the look in his eyes, he had plenty to cause him worry. He and Ariel would both be flying back the next morning, while Jake and Eoin were making more of a holiday of the outing. 
Ariel both reasoned and premembered that the less time she spent in Iceland the better. It was a real shame, because the country itself was gorgeous and the people outside of Baldur’s boardroom were friendly and welcoming. She’d turned on her music so she wouldn’t have to make conversation, and she had to smile when one of her favorite songs began to play. Arcade Fire’s “Sprawl II” was a melodic worry about endless strip malls covering the earth, and the beauty of the scenery she was driving past could not have been a better antidote to those concerns. Ariel turned up the volume, put her phone away and simply enjoyed the views for the rest of the trip.
Once they arrived, they were met by their assigned host and taken to an ultramodern lounge where they could shower privately and change into swimwear. Ariel studied the famous murky turquoise water as they walked, and the combination of all the shades of blue and green in the mist created a feeling of wonder unlike anywhere she had ever been. She marveled at the many small geysers that shot into the air and at the sheer size of the stunning lagoon. 
She’d already been told that there would be a catered lunch, time to relax in the healing waters, individual massages and skin treatments, and more spa time before the group headed to what was certain to be a lavish dinner. Under other circumstances, this could have easily been the best day at work ever.
Bloody Marys and pretty little snacks greeted them, along with Ulfur and his apologies that Baldur had been detained and would be arriving later. Several of the board members, however, were already enjoying the private lagoon, he added. Might he suggest that the Ullow staff take this occasion to get to know them better?
Ariel dutifully headed off to the mandatory shower, her most business- and family friendly one-piece in her hand. It wasn’t exactly a burqini, but it was the young woman’s moral equivalent of one, the swimsuit you can wear around your boss and your great-uncles. She had just stepped under the hot water, her eyes closed as she enjoyed letting her muscles relax after the travel, when her skin jumped. The touch was electric and familiar and she opened her eyes to see Baldur’s arms circling her from behind, his right hand moving up to quickly cover her mouth.
“Don’t scream,” He hissed. ”You’ll embarrass us both and to no end. Just hold still and let me concentrate. I need to understand what happens when I touch you. I’m not going to hurt you. I just want information.”
Ariel turned enough to see that Baldur had on his swim trunks, and true to his word he kept his arms and hands around her waist, leaving her bare breasts alone. His eyes were closed. He pressed his entire body hard against her back, and she couldn’t help but notice that he was having the expected response to holding a naked woman in a shower, but he made no move to do anything about it. 
She was even more annoyed that he had chosen to run his little experiment while she had no clothes on and he did, and she considered several moves she had learned in self-defense classes over the years. Coming down hard on his instep with her heel seemed like her best bet. Oddly enough, it was his very touch that gave her the ability to see how effective that and other moves would be. She hesitated.
There wasn’t much she could do about being naked at this point, so why not gather a little intel of her own? If her experiences with Siarnaq were any guide, Baldur was now seeing weeks and months ahead, but at his natural pace. That meant he’d be getting quick little snippets of information, probably of the kind he was most used to handling. She was going to bet it had to do with fluctuations in stock prices at some time in the future.
She, on the other hand, was more than a helpless woman being held in a shower stall. For all that Baldur took, he could not help but give back to her as well. Touching him, she saw the near future, not in his little snippets but rather at her own natural pace.
She saw him walking out of the stall, in less than a minute, with no harm done. He would be silent, too engrossed in trying to remember the new information to apologize, thank or threaten. It was the most likely and the least messy alternative. As she realized that, it became a near certainty, and then the wave of time washed over the moment and the soon-to-happen became the now and it then it became the past, and Ariel found herself standing alone and naked in a shower stall. She reached for her towel.

Mikkel arrived at the Blue Lagoon a little after 3 p.m., after almost changing his mind and not going at all. The last reports from Peary Land had been bleak. In the snow-free far desert north of Greenland, where the days were twenty-four-hours long well into August, this should have been the most productive time of the year for his project. But problem after problem had begun to plague the operation. Insufficient or poorly made materials kept arriving. Workers quit unexpectedly. Everything was suddenly going wrong. The situation cried out for him to get himself up there now and find out what the difficulty really was.
He suspected sabotage, but for the life of him he could not imagine why. So he had come to Iceland instead. If something other than a massive string of bad luck was occurring, there could be more information to be gained at this little fluff of an outing than in the middle of his assembly room floor. 
It was possible that Baldur was becoming annoyed at him for piggybacking on his success. Everything Mikkel had learned about Baldur indicated that the man was logical and obsessed with making money. Given that Baldur was making plenty of it, Mikkel could not imagine why the man would waste any of his gains just to stop another man from doing well too. Did the man have an illogical side to him as well? If they met, maybe Mikkel could tell more.
Plus, this outing would give him a chance to see Cillian, and it had been far too long since he and Cillian had talked. Granted it was going to be no place for letting down one’s guard and speaking frankly, but there was a chance that he and Cillian could find a way to have a private word or two. If he told Cillian about the suspected sabotage, he could see if Cillian had any ideas.
Mikkel gratefully accepted a cold beer from an attendant in the private suite, and decided that a short soak in the legendary healing waters might rejuvenate him before he tackled difficult issues. He asked after his host and was told that Baldur had not yet arrived but that others from d4 were outside enjoying the amenities and looking forward to greeting him.
A few more questions established that the older Irishman and his girlfriend were having a private couple’s massage and that two people from Ullow were out in the lagoon somewhere. The redheaded woman was having a facial and one of the men from Ullow was in the sauna. 
Mikkel was asked to make himself at home. The group had been requested to gather together for cocktails at five in the private lagoon, so would he please be kind enough to return by then.

Ariel had no idea whether Baldur had learned everything he wanted to know, or what his next move might be. She tried to find a quiet spot in the private part of the lagoon where she could regroup. She let her body sink into the thick warm water, amazed at the strength of its calming influence even under the circumstances. She was dismayed when only moments later the only Icelandic woman on the d4 board waved to her through the mist, and made her way over to Ariel’s location.
“There you are.” She spoke in a heavy Icelandic accent as she got closer.
“I was just going to close my eyes for a few minutes,” Ariel said, intending fully to ask the woman to leave her be for a while.  
“Oh, I’m afraid that I can’t let you do that now,” the woman said cheerfully. “You and I have a facial and an algae wrap scheduled. Baldur thought us women might enjoy that. He didn’t know that man from Ireland was going to bring his girlfriend along or he’d have scheduled one for her also. I personally don’t understand people just assuming that they can bring a guest.”
“I suspect that Cillian is used to doing what he wants without asking anyone for permission,” Ariel observed.
“That’s just what Baldur said about it,” the woman replied. 
Ariel reluctantly got up out of the water and followed the lady through the cool breeze into one of the many small, windowless rooms used for spa treatments. As she stepped into the room, it occurred to her. The comment about what Baldur said not only meant that Baldur was at the spa already, but that the woman knew he was there, too. 
There were no attendants inside, only Baldur and two older men sitting in front of three computer screens arranged around a single treatment bed, all typing away. Ariel thought she had met one of the two men when she made her presentation back in January.
“Thanks Gróa,” Baldur said without looking up from his screen. “Stay if you like.”
“No, that’s fine, you gentlemen go ahead.” Gróa left with a wave.
“Lie down,” Baldur told Ariel, pointing towards the thin massage cot, without even looking up towards her as he said it.
“Shit no,” Ariel said and turned to follow Gróa out. But the door had shut and, of course, it was firmly locked. The two men who stepped out of the shadows looked like hired muscle, and they had bulk and surprise working in their favor. They had Ariel strapped to the table in under a minute, in spite of her quick attempts to use every self-defense move she could think of.
“You want us to stay?” one of them asked Baldur, rubbing his Adam’s apple where Ariel had landed a surprisingly painful punch.
“No, wait outside. We need to keep her alert, though, so she could be trouble. Don’t go far.”
“Yeah, this one is a fighter,” the other one added. Among other things, he had taken a knee to his groin, but luckily for him Ariel just hadn’t gotten enough force or aim to make it as damaging as it should have been. “We’ll stay close.”
Ariel tried to breathe calmly and clear her head as she tried to determine what parts of her were restrained where. What did she have to bargain with? They needed her conscious, but did they need her to be cooperative? Perhaps they didn’t know whether they did or not. 
“Don’t you think we should remove her clothes?” the older of the two men asked hopefully. This man was the one that she hadn’t seen before, and he spoke with a heavy British accent. While the front of her brain jumped to an instinctive fear at his question, some distant part of her mind reasoned that he was why everyone was talking in English.
“No,” Baldur said, with a firmness in his voice that quelled Ariel’s budding sense of panic. “There’s plenty of skin there for all of us to touch, and no one needs that distraction. Just do what I said earlier. Get information. Buy and sell futures, buy and sell options, we need options on futures and we need lots of them. Do whatever comes to you, but make sure it has a nice clear high probability. We will make some mistakes. I know for a fact that she is never certain about what she sees, and that’s why we need lots of trades. We get one chance to test out this approach, gentlemen, so let’s make it count.”
The other older man ran his hand up the inside of her bare thigh and smiled at her. Ariel’s considered whether she could manage to spit in his face.
“Don’t waste time, Valdi,” Baldur said. “We’ve got to be ready for Gróa to be in here having an algae wrap and a facial in thirty minutes. So focus.”
So that was his plan? He’d simply segue this bizarre experiment into a spa treatment and pretend like it never happened? Like hell she was going to sit through that.
She pushed against the plastic ties binding her hands and feet, trying to work any one of them loose while the three men ran their left hands absently over her body while their right hands typed orders onto a screen. In minutes all three seemed to be in an almost trancelike state, not even noticing when one of their hands grazed the top of her boob, and moving back off her swimsuit whenever they found themselves touching it. 
Flickers of their precollections began to make their way to Ariel and it was reassuring that what she got from the three of them touching her constituted the most boring premories she had ever received.  Her mind was filled with knowing that the Brit was about to look into commodities, and that thigh man would move on in a few minutes to either small cap companies or emerging markets. Baldur would almost certainly go to complicated option strategies next. She supposed that she was getting this kind of information because there was no other kind to get and that was good news. It meant that the men almost certainly posed no other threat to her. 
She wondered if they were getting information from her besides stock reports for the next several weeks. She generally got information about family and friends, classes, dating, clothes, her job, things that mattered to her.  She didn’t get weather reports or sports scores or investment advice. She’d never tried to. She’d never wanted to.
Was there a sort of muscle memory involved here? It was the human brain after all, and a mind tended to keep doing what it was used to doing. These three men all seemed to spend much of their time investing online. Didn’t frequently used neural pathways get stronger, making a brain more efficient at doing those activities that it had lot of practice doing already?
Ariel allowed herself to study the three faces of her captors, each illuminated by the glow of his own backlit screen. They looked only part human as they typed, willingly becoming nothing more than organic interfaces between her premories and the machine that could turn what she knew into gold. 
I’m Rumpelstiltskin, she marveled silently. No, wait, I think I’m more like the straw. Or the spinning wheel, but I guess it doesn’t matter because those stories never end well for anyone, do they?
A faint chime began to sound. ‘Two minutes,” Baldur warned his companions without looking at them.
“Finishing now,” Valdi said, all thoughts of Ariel’s thigh long since gone from his brain.
“I’m out,” the Brit added and his screen turned dim.
Baldur finally turned to her and addressed her directly.
“It will be several weeks before we begin to see the results of today’s work. I’m not used to having to find such patience, but I will, because the potential rewards here are enormous. Thank you for your assistance, begrudging though it may have been. Now relax, and have a nice spa treatment.”
He waved something in front of her nose and she suddenly felt dizzy, then groggy, then very, very sleepy.
She came too, and she still couldn’t move. She could feel that the plastic restraints were gone from her wrists and ankles, which was excellent, but now her arms were held tight and useless at her sides with her body completely encased in some kind of weird body cast. What the hell? Her eyes flashed open but she was blindfolded too. Shit. She tried to scream but her whole face was held immobile by what felt like glue. They had buried her in something? They were going to kill her now? Why?
She squirmed in panic, and heard a reassuring woman’s voice speak in Icelandic. 
“I think that she only speaks English,” another woman said, and that second woman sounded like Gróa. 
“You’re awake,” the pleasant voice said, this time in English, and Ariel found herself looking at two slices of cucumber being lifted off of her eyes. “They help so much with the little fine lines,” her beauty therapist confided. Ariel looked down at her body. She was wrapped in a cocoon of gauze, and coated in a thick casing of mud. The same think mud appeared to coat her face, and Gróa was covered in it.
“I’ll get this off of your face so you can talk,” the woman said pleasantly, reaching for a warm washcloth. “I think I used too much aromatherapy on you at the beginning. You got really woozy, started saying a lot of odd things—I was worried that we might have to stop the treatment.”
“It is lucky that you look just fine now,” Gróa said sweetly, “with prettier skin and all. I hope you didn’t have bad dreams?”
So that’s how they were going to play it? Ariel was pissed, really pissed. The beauty therapist had to be in on it too, otherwise she couldn’t imagine how else Baldur could have pulled off the switch. “Fuck you both,” she said under her breath.
“I’m sorry I don’t understand English so well,” the therapist replied as she moved on to sponging the mud off of Ariel’s legs.
“I think you’re still recovering from the reaction to the, what was it again? I think it was lavender and peppermint. Perhaps you need to avoid those two when used in combination, yes?” Gróa said.
“I have no problem with lavender or peppermint,” Ariel said. “I have a problem with people acting like lying assholes.”
The therapist looked at Gróa and Gróa nodded. “Perhaps I need to keep you here longer? For your own safety, until you calm down?”
Right. She apparently needed to calm down in order to get out of here. 
“That won’t be necessary. I’m feeling calmer by the minute.”
“Very good,” Gróa said. “If that’s the case, then once she gets you cleaned up and all that mud and gauze removed, you run along. I know that they need a little incident report about your reaction to the treatment at the front desk, but don’t worry, I’ll fill it out for you. It’s just for their records, in case there is any kind of problem later.”
“Please take it easy this evening while you enjoy dinner,” the therapist added, her concern evident in each word.
“Trust me. I’m going to be very careful for the rest of my visit,” Ariel said, striving to keep the same pleasant tone in her voice. Not that it matters, she added to herself. It was certain that Baldur had already taken everything that he needed.
16. Summer Light

“Of course you’re not making this up,” Nell said. She sat on the edge of the lavish bed in the suite she was sharing with Cillian. Brendan was pouring Ariel a cold beer to calm her nerves.
“A shot of good whiskey would do her better,” Cillian remarked.
“Didn’t bring any and they don’t sell that here,” Brendan apologized. “She’ll just have to calm down with this.”
“I’m calm already,” Ariel said. “Really, I’m fine. It was creepy, but in the end they didn’t harm me in any way. Waking up in that damn algae wrap was the worst part because I thought for a second that they’d buried me alive somewhere. Now I’m just pissed that they got away with it and fixed it so that if I try to say anything they’ll make me look like an idiot.”
“How about alerting Eoin?” Nell suggested. “I get that the company is his first priority, but he should know what happened to you.”
Ariel held still a minute and tried to premember. “There’s something odd about Eoin. I’ve never touched the man, but whenever I go into my own premories, if he shows up at all it’s only to make matters worse. My guess is that deep down his loyalties must lie with Baldur, which is kind of sad.”
Brendan shook his head. “I don’t believe that, Ariel. Eoin cares a lot about his job—he has to—but he’s not going to do anything bad.”
Ariel shrugged. “Maybe not, but I’m still not ready to have a conversation with our boss that starts out with anything along the lines of ‘by the way did I mention to you yet that I’m clairvoyant?’”
Cillian agreed. “We’re better off keeping the cards a little closer to our chest. I say we get ready for dinner, and we all show up looking marvelous, without a care in the world. Ariel, until you get on that plane home, Nell goes with you everywhere. We’ll be discreet about it. She may not look the part at the moment,” Cillian smiled at Nell, “but she’s an exceptionally resourceful body guard. And yes, you do need a body guard right now.”
“They’ve no reason to bother me until some of the trades they made today start to mature,” Ariel countered. “They were mostly working with options that will expire in late September and October. I’d say I’m much more in need of Nell’s services in a couple of months.”
“You’ll have my help then too,” Nell assured her. “Tonight, we’re just going to keep an eye on you in case someone remembers one more investment category that they didn’t try today and wants to go for a repeat feel session. You’ve had enough trauma, you deserve a sound night’s rest.”
Ariel decided to accept the help and simply say thanks. A good sleep sounded wonderful.

Ariel passed on the mussels appetizer and opted instead for the butternut squash soup, seeing as it looked like there was going to be a lot of seafood coming her way in the main course. She sat alone at the end of the table, quietly enjoying the hot puree and marveling at how soup was always soothing, no matter how humble or fancy its name or its ingredients. 
The rest of the guests were mingling as they nibbled. She’d been keeping to herself since she arrived at the beautiful restaurant on the cliff, and she’d silently watched as Baldur made his rounds greeting everyone else effusively with apologies for having been detained in Reykjavik.  She suspected that he would greet her last and put on his most extreme show, daring her to counter him in any way. It would be a victory lap of sorts for him to make her play along, and she was trying to figure out what she could possibly do to avoid giving him the satisfaction.
She was also taking the time to study the membership of d4. Eight of the ten investors who controlled the company along with Baldur had chosen to attend. She had already met the four from Iceland. Gróa was the only woman in that group, and Valdi appeared to be their most senior member, both in age and in status. Both halves of a Lithuania couple were members, and they and a younger Japanese man chatted amiably. The British man had brought his wife, who did not seem to be part of the company and who cast frequent mildly disapproving glances at Ariel. 
True to her word, Nell was never more than ten feet from her, always unobtrusively engaged with other people. As Baldur began to wind things down with Eoin, his second to last guest to greet, Ariel turned to Nell hoping to strike up a conversation. She was surprised when Mikkel stepped in between them and asked if he could join her.
They had only met once before months ago, and they hadn’t spoken since their less-than-friendly conversation after Ariel’s trip to Greenland in April. Work updates had all been handled by short professional emails crafted without any touch of warmth, and Ariel had expected to have little to do with Mikkel at this event other than to exchange a polite hello. 
“Of course. Please have a seat.” So now was the time for that polite hello.
“I’ve been meaning to find a way to have a one-on-one conversation with you,” he said. His manner was cordial, even perhaps a bit apologetic. “You’ve been doing a fine job with my account and I should have been glad to have you as an addition from the start. Sometimes I don’t adjust well to changes and that’s a shame.” 
Even at a business function, Mikkel still sported an outdoorsy look in both his grooming and his clothes, with his light brown hair too long to be stylish and yet too short for a ponytail. Ariel noticed that although he kept his beard and moustache well trimmed, they still made it hard to read his facial expressions underneath.
“It’s not my strong suit either,” Ariel said. “We talked about that.” She let a few seconds pass.
“Yes, well since I met you last February I seem to be acquiring enemies faster than I can deal with them, and I’m not even sure why. It occurs to me that making more of them on my own for no reason is a very poor plan.”
“I’m not your enemy,” Ariel said, as Siarnaq’s quest to stop Mikkel jumped to the front of her mind. She pushed the thought of Siarnaq away. She’d severed all loyalties there, and she had no reason to feel guilty for having a pleasant conversation with a man whom Siarnaq disliked.
Mikkel said, “I was hoping to elevate our business relationship to slightly above ‘I don’t hate you.’  Don’t get me wrong, you already do your job well as far as my account is concerned, and I’ve no complaints. What I’m trying to say is that I could use,” Mikkel thought for a second. What exactly was the word for what he could use? “I could use your buy-in, a little of your commitment to what it is I am trying to accomplish.” Ariel noticed that Baldur was glancing her way frequently, waiting for his chance to make a show of greeting her and not wanting to approach her until Mikkel had moved on. How convenient.
“Please, tell me more,” she said to Mikkel with all the warmth that she could manage.
“Would you take a short walk out to the deck before the main course arrives?” he asked.
“I‘d love to,” she said. “Let’s just pass by Baldur on the way out, because I have to say a very quick hi as we walk by him.”

Cillian had never met Baldur before, and he was a little surprised. The man seemed younger than he expected, and somehow more fragile. There was an intensity in his light blue eyes that made Cillian think of a candle that burns too brightly and exhausts itself well before his time. The man was also taller than average and quite slender, giving Cillian the added impression that he might be blown over in a strong wind.
Cillian wondered if his observations of Baldur as flimsy were colored by his own way of seeing the world. The two men were at extreme ends of the spectrum as far as the gift of prophecy went, and he could be responding to that on some visceral level.
He remembered that touching Ariel had been mildly painful, and Cillian was glad that his hands had been full with drinks and appetizers when he and Baldur had met, allowing him to avoid shaking the man’s hand. In fact, Cillian could have sworn that he felt a faint buzz of electricity even standing near Baldur. 

Ariel’s baked cod topped with langoustines was almost cold by the time that she and Mikkel returned, and Baldur’s refusal to even look their way as they walked back into the restaurant let her know how miffed he was at having his fancy dinner snubbed and his little dramatic act with her sabotaged by her curt greeting to him as she passed him on the way out to the deck.
She had the satisfaction of having at least irritated the man who had caused her such fear and discomfort earlier in the day. Better than that, though, she came back into the restaurant with at least a good bit of her most mysterious client now making more sense.
Mikkel Nygaard was on a mission to put human beings on Mars in the next decade. That made sense to Ariel. Sure, other entrepreneurs were trying the same thing, but Mikkel’s approach was unique and his background was perfect. For reasons about which he was rather vague, he wasn’t working with others at this point, and he needed the project to remain secret for the time being. His work was based out of the barren piece of Northeastern Greenland known as Peary Land, a small arctic desert easy to access because it received almost no snow.
The low temperatures were crucial to part of his manufacturing process, and the long summer days made remaining hidden from satellite view easier. He wasn’t trying to bring technology to anyone, but rather to fund and achieve a life’s dream, away from prying eyes. His investments were his main means of funding.
He had deferred a lot of her questions until later, and once Ariel bit into the wonderful dinner she was glad they had come indoors. The important thing was that he had made the decision to trust her. Now that he had, she could better help him accomplish his dream.
The deep black irises of his eyes had glowed like coals as he spoke of it, and Ariel realized that the man was not only highly committed to his project, he lived and breathed it. He sat next to her at dinner, and the animation born of speaking of that which he loved carried on through the conversation about more mundane matters.
He’s an interesting man, Ariel realized. One who knows and does things most guys are clueless about. What a nice discovery.
She allowed herself to enjoy Mikkel’s company, and as the banana mousse and warm chocolate cake was served with an impressive assortment of liqueurs, she noticed that Nell was giving her more private space. Ariel smiled to herself. She hadn’t been planning on doing anything tonight that required a great deal of privacy, but the more she got to know this secretive client the more she thought that she might want to at least consider the option someday. 

******

Eoin was looking forward to the weekend with his wife—and just his wife—more than he expected. How many times over the decade had the two of them been alone in a bedroom without a small child nearby? Not many. So he was understandably displeased when Baldur tapped him on the shoulder as he was loading his luggage into the hired car, and mentioned that he needed to have a heart-to-heart talk with Eoin before he left.
“My wife is flying in. She doesn’t travel much—I need to meet her at the airport.”
Baldur smiled the way he might have if his dog unexpectedly refused to do a trick. “She can wait for an hour or so.”
He was going to show up for his wife’s flight an hour late? That certainly wasn’t going to be a good start to the kind of romantic night that Eoin had been looking forward to. But what choice did he have?
Eoin entered Baldur’s suite nervously. Something about the man, a certain intensity over their last few conversations, was making Eoin increasingly uncomfortable.
“Have a seat,” Baldur gestured magnanimously towards one of the two tastefully upholstered chairs.
“I’ll pass,” Eoin said, hoping he could hurry this along.
“I insist,” Baldur said, and gave Eoin a meaningful look. “You need to be sitting down for this.”
Eoin sighed and did as he was told. He noticed that Baldur stayed standing, and in fact began pacing as he talked.
“My relationship with Ullow may well be coming to an end within the next year or so, and maybe less. I’m pleased with the services you have provided and I wanted to let you know what was coming.” 
Eoin’s mouth dropped open. “Oh no.” If he lost this big a client…
“If things go as I now hope they will, I am going to become the person who sees to it that high frequency trading becomes so restricted and regulated over the next few years that it simply won’t be lucrative enough to bother with. We both know that right now all of the electronic exchanges use protocols that provide an advantage to those of us who engage in this subset of investing. I’ve used this to make a great deal of profit and I owe much of that success to you. However, odds are good that I will move on to more of a options, futures and short-term trading approach, so I will need to close this window of opportunity behind me as I go. Can’t have others benefiting from it.”
“I don’t understand.” Eoin was genuinely baffled.
“You know very well of the advantage that I bring to the table for high frequency trading. I and ten other members of d4 have honed a skill that most people would deny exists. The problem is that we aren’t all that unique. Others do sense events fractions of second into the future, and companies like d4 are going to spring up as others like me learn to believe in and develop what they can do. They will grasp the implications for acquiring wealth of their own. It may take several more years, but it is going to happen. I refuse to be only one winner among several.”
“You really think that there are lots of psychic people like you? And you’re worried about them?” Eoin thought it was almost funny. Almost.
“Not lots. A few. But a few are all it will take to remove my unique advantage. So I have found another such advantage, and it is one that I believe cannot be duplicated.”
Baldur looked quite pleased with himself, and Eoin wasn’t sure if he wanted to hear more.
“It’s your girl Ariel. She’s no mere technical liaison, you idiot. She’s a black swan, a living thing none of us thought was possible. That girl sees next week. She sees next month. And when I touch her, I see it also.”
“Wait. Now you’re saying that Ariel is psychic too?”
“She’s powerful, Eoin, certainly more powerful than she understands. I believe that the two of us will be forming an alliance shortly, and if we are half as effective together as I expect, our amassed wealth even months from now could be staggering. The trick will be strategy, as always. Stealthy movements. Multiple accounts. You and your staff could still be useful as we implement the specific tactics. Not everyone would remain in their current roles, of course, but if you wish to retain my account for a while longer, then your company can have a part to play in this transition.”
“And Ariel wants to do this?” Eoin found himself feeling oddly protective of his young employee.
“Not yet. But once I establish with absolute certainty over the next several weeks that her skills and mine combine the way that I think they will, then I will find ways to convince her. You know I will.”
Eoin did know.
“Don’t worry. You’ve served me well. As the wealth of world shifts over the next few years, you will find that I am not a man without a sense of gratitude. You will have bought you and your family a better berth. There will always be less unpleasant roles, less distasteful jobs for those in the masses to do.” 
Eoin’s raised eyebrow made it clear that he was starting to questions Baldur’s sanity. The man responded with a laugh and by giving Eoin a friendly punch on the arm. 
“Cheer up. Go—enjoy the weekend with your missus. I personally think that in a few years, extra money for things like vacations will start to become a fond memory for the working class.”

******

Toby was proud of his solution. It wasn’t particularly brilliant, but it would get the job done without alerting Baldur first. Several influential members of y1 had managed to simultaneously pull strings to fund a study on the effectiveness and fairness of high frequency trading. The study wouldn’t be traced back to the little known y1 and couldn’t be blamed on Ariel or any of her co-workers. No one individual would be targeted, and both the study itself and its results would be widely publicized. 
The hope was that Baldur’s response to the upcoming scrutiny would be to curb his advantage to the point where it barely seemed like a statistical anomaly. That at least would keep the man in check for a while. What Toby did not intend to make public was that the investigation would ultimately include historical data as well. His hope was that the contrast between d4’s earlier performance and its results while being watched would be drastically different enough to raise a few eyebrows. The icing on the cake would occur if Baldur returned to his old ways once the study was over, not suspecting the degree to which he personally was being watched.
Toby didn’t wish to cause problems for Ariel’s company Ullow, but he knew that questions about Ullow’s complicity were a possible outcome, and he hoped that Ariel could ride out the storm. Once d4’s success rate became known, the first guess would be that Baldur had found a way to circumvent regulations, and Ullow would be the likely suspect for managing that. Sooner or later, objective minds would determine that Ullow had abided by the law and that Baldur had still managed success beyond all odds. 
Toby knew that most of the world would be bored with the financial story long before it got this far, but a small group would remain intrigued. Once all other possibilities were eliminated, the chance that some sort of psychic power was being used would have to be considered by the cynical world of economists. Toby couldn’t begin to guess what might happen next, but he felt certain that it was a better option than doing nothing at all.   
He picked up the phone to call Zane, so that his young friend could pass the plans along to Ariel. Anything helpful that she could add or learn at work would be welcome.

******

Nobody in the office was in a very good mood after the trip to the perfectly wonderful Blue Lagoon Spa. Eoin came back irritable and refused to discuss exactly what about the weekend had left him so unhappy.
Fergus and Ronan were already annoyed that they hadn’t been asked to go, even though as programmers for Mikkel the only way they would have been included was if Mikkel had insisted. Not bloody likely, Ronan pointed out loudly several times both before and after the trip. It was surprising enough that the man had even gone himself.
Their already low morale dropped even further when Eoin curtly told them that all of their duplication of work being done for Baldur was to cease immediately. They were to stay away from Jake completely.
“But, doing whatever Jake does is our main assignment,” Fergus complained. “That’s really all that our guy wants. What do you expect us to do?”
“I don’t really care,” Eoin said. “I expect you to stop inconveniencing d4 in any way, and at the same time manage to keep Mikkel happy. If you can’t do that, or if you can do that best by doing absolutely nothing, then I suggest you both start polishing your CVs. Understood?”
Jake wasn’t any more pleased with the turn of events.
“You understand that I gain something too by bouncing ideas off of these guys? Even if Baldur doesn’t get it, d4 does benefit from our collaboration.”
“Baldur does not agree,” Eoin said. “I’ve been specifically told that enough is enough. Baldur wants one-hundred percent confidentiality point forward. So find a way to collaborate with yourself.”
A few days later Eoin had another, more disturbing directive for Jake.
“Some group of economic professors has gotten a wild hair up their arse and found major funding for a study of high frequency trading. They want to look at how successful it really is and what its ultimate ramifications are. It’s pretty damn important to d4 that they not look too successful, if you know what I mean?”
“I’m not willing to lie,” Jake said.
“Oh for god sake, grow up,” Eoin replied. “I’ll repeat. This is a stupid study, not a government investigation. We can give these people the kind of information that will make them lose interest, or we can slant it so that they get really wrought up over how much money some of our clients are managing to make. Wrought up is not good. Handle it any way that your scruples dictate, as long as you make these yo-yos go away quietly and quickly. Understand?”
Jake sighed. He understood.
Later Jake invited Ariel to join him for one of the cigarettes she didn’t smoke. 
“I overheard your conversation with Eoin,” she said sympathetically.
“You spying on me?” he joked.
“Hardly. I was getting some stuff I’d sent to the printer. You hear everything that goes on in Eoin’s office from the print machine.”
Jake nodded. Everyone in the office knew that was true and occasionally used the fact to learn more about what was going on.
“I need to tell you. You’re one of the reasons this whole study is being done.”
“What?” Jake asked. “How could I be?”
“Remember when you said I could have the data you compiled on Baldur to pass along to my brother’s friend who kind of runs this economics think tank thing?” Ariel asked.
“Yeah. You told me that the man would find it fascinating and nothing would ever come of it.”
“Well,” Ariel said, “he did find it fascinating. He’d been doing some work of his own on d4 and he already had the same suspicions that you did. My brother’s friend, his name is Toby, he figured no one would believe him or his think tank, and I’d already told him not to involve you in any way.”
“Toby of y1?” Jake asked.
“You’ve heard of the guy?” Ariel was surprised.
“I’ve more than heard of him. I’m a huge fan. He runs this fascinating website and the man is kind of a legend, you know. There is a whole crazy backstory about who he really is and why he does what he does. So you’re telling me that you actually gave my research to y1?” Jake looked proud.
“I did,” Ariel said. “And they were very impressed with it. So impressed that several of them stepped up to fast-track this study just so they could uncover what you and Toby already know, and to draw their conclusions publically without involving either of you.”
“That is too funny. My work set in motion a study that I’ve now been ordered by my own boss to deceive so that the study doesn’t reach the same conclusions that I reached.”
“Yeah,” Ariel said. “It’s a bizarre universe. What are you gonna do now?”
“Well, I’m sure as hell not going to disprove my own work, now, am I?”
Ariel felt bad for Jake and for the pickle she had put him in. “I hope you know that I’d have spoken up sooner if I’d had any idea that Toby was going to act on what I sent him, or even that you’d heard of the guy.”
“I know,” Jake reassured her as his shoulders gave a large shrug. “Don’t worry about it. I’m just glad you told me now.”
“How are you going to handle Eoin?” Ariel persisted.
“Screw Eoin. I can get another job. Lucky for us, Baldur doesn’t run the world.”

******

Baldur had every intention of running the world well. He wasn’t stupid and he certainly knew better than to kill off the industries that fed him. He would need to allow a small upper class to provide people to keep alive the restaurants, arts and entertainment that would make his wealth more enjoyable. It would be important that no one in this shrinking upper class had the means to challenge him, of course, but other than that they could keep their money and run corners of the world that Baldur had no interest in messing with. 
Even if the other ten psychics he had trained did not fully grasp it, Baldur understood that this was about more than amassing a ridiculous amount of money. People had done that before, and then sooner or later they went ahead and frittered the bulk of it away. Besides possessing all of the usual vices, the very rich were prone to attempts to shape the world to their liking. None of them ever seemed to have the quite the same vision, so they squandered their power like the gods of old, throwing lightning bolts at each other until none of them won. Why didn’t they understand that it should be all about keeping the money? Hold on to it and use it strategically and eventually one could control all those other things any way that he wished. 
Baldur knew that sooner or later he’d need politicians on his side, and as his power grew and became known, he might even need the armies behind the politicians. Money could buy both and it always had. He’d need public opinion on his side, too, or at least enough of it that any detractors would be silenced by others, leaving him above reproach. Recent years had shown that in a media-saturated world, buying journalists who would twist the truth for him was as easy as buying politicians. Maybe easier.
He needed the poor. Only a fool thought otherwise. There were massive amounts of work to be done and a never ending need for consumers. They needed to be fed well enough to be docile, and to be just solvent enough that his advertisers could coax their limited discretionary income from them for whatever frivolities of entertainment and fashion that were popular. There were over 7 billion people in the world, and it was important that at least 6.9 billion of them could just get by. Actually, it was okay if the most remote of those didn’t even manage to do that.
The remaining hundred million of them were the real difficulty.
What to do about the middle class? Hadn’t they always been the problem? These were the people who had enough time and resources to grow restless, and enough education to make them more inclined to think for themselves, and yet they lacked the truly rich’s attachment to the status quo. They were always grabbing for more and trying to change things so that their lives were better. 
Yet trying to completely eliminate a middle class had never been efficient. Society required middle-level managers and local politicians and a class of physicians and educators, so they needed to be kept fearful. Luckily, humans gravitated to superiors who kept them scared and then promised them safety in return for obedience. 
Pitting people against each other had also done wonders over the centuries. It was a damn shame, but the truth was that the world needed an ongoing war or two to make it work. Whether people advocated or opposed the conflict mattered not at all—in fact, one had to hope for some of both. The resulting debate kept everyone occupied while someone like Baldur quietly made more money, and arguments about the merits of this war or that had the added benefit of draining the energy away from those hell-bent on achieving other reforms.
Baldur liked the idea of occasionally finding a way to elevate the status of a random hopeful. Experience had shown that the well publicized success of a rare entertainer or entrepreneur could lead millions of others to think that they might be next, and they would then oppose any changes to the system with the zealousness usually reserved for the very wealthy. I want laws that favor the very rich so that when I’m one of them I can benefit too. He laughed to himself. 
He had expected to need at least ten more years for his slow but steady draining of wealth out of the system, if he did it without causing any unnecessary scrutiny. He had been prepared for the wait. However, scrutiny had come to him in spite of his caution. Perhaps he was making too much of a small thing, but Baldur knew well how little nuisances that spiraled out of control had brought down others. Ask the former American president Richard Nixon about a minor break-in and his successor Bill Clinton about getting a simple blowjob from an intern.
Baldur’s potential nemesis was a study that had been commissioned to look into specifics of companies that specialized in high frequency trading. Studies got done all the time and Baldur could have cared less. But this one was truly independent, with no ties to any institution with an agenda to protect people such as Baldur. It was well funded, fast-tracked, and had come out of nowhere for no reason. Like a storm brewing on the horizon, it carried potential for destruction.
Luckily, circumstances had brought him a second unexpected change that might well counteract the first. He knew he had been a little heavy-handed last week with the redheaded black swan that could elevate his precognition into the weeks and months ahead. Well, if she’d been more cooperative to begin with he wouldn’t have had to resort to such drama.
He and two of his most capable fellow investors had used the best that they had been able to get from Ariel, and had put numerous small, difficult-to-detect, complex trading strategies in place. Most wouldn’t mature until late September and October, but after a week it was already looking good in terms of the accuracy of the future that Ariel had allowed the three men to see.
With the much wider array of possibilities open to an investor that could see further ahead, Baldur knew that he could accelerate his plans significantly. It was even possible that he would no longer need the other members of d4 as partners. That would streamline the process, although getting the rest of d4 back out of the picture could present certain challenges as well. In the best case, it might only take months for him to be in the financial position he had hoped to achieve a decade hence—if, of course, the young lady in question was willing to assist him. 
Did she have to be willing? That was the latest twist to the opportunity that she presented. Apparently she didn’t have to be willing to be present, as the incident at the spa had proved. But she had been curious about the investing in spite of herself, paying attention while the men had worked, and Baldur had been surprised to discover that her attention to what was going on had proved to be important. When her mind had appeared to wander, so did the information that the men had gotten.
He’d kept the observation to himself, but he had left the session certain that Ariel had to be not only conscious, but also at least somewhat engaged, in order to be of use. He suspected that Ariel would find a way to stop being one or the other if he merely kept her in a cage. Mind tricks, meditation, sleepiness, depression or even a self-induced coma or suicide were all possible to a human determined enough to thwart another, and Ariel appeared to be more determined than most. She needed to be persuaded not forced. 
Baldur shook his head at his own bad luck. Surely ninety-nine percent of the people in the world would have happily cooperated with him for the money alone. Yet he was pretty sure Ariel fell into the other one percent. Unfortunately he had approached this all wrong in terms of gaining her affection, for the time being at least. So how about capitalizing on her affection for another? Would she cooperate for the sake of someone she cared about? Who did she care about? What did she care about? Baldur decided that he needed to know much more about Ariel.   
17. In the Heart of Summer

Ariel was sure that she was being followed often, and whether it was by friend or foe she was getting tired of it. Her first guess was that Baldur was responsible, making sure she didn’t bolt for Tierra del Fuego while he waited to see how useful her investment guidance was. Her second guess was that Cillian was trying to look out for her. That was only slightly less annoying. She could look out for herself.
She supposed that other reasonable options included Toby filled with the same protective urge, or Mikkel having second thoughts about confiding in her and making sure she didn’t betray his confidences. What a mess. No, what a clusterfuck. She needed to get herself some normal friends.
Luckily her family seemed to be all out of trouble at the moment, no small thing given their variety of talents and penchant for taking on causes. She probably needed to call home and check in. Maybe even alert her mom to the depths Baldur had sunk to last month at the Blue Lagoon. She knew her mom would be livid that she hadn’t told her right away, and would be worried sick point forward, which were of course the two reasons why Ariel hadn’t made the phone call already. 
Logically, though, it made sense for her family to be helping each other. Mom had telepath friends in Europe, and maybe they could learn more about Baldur and his plans for her. Teddie had confessed to Ariel that if she never had another out-of-body experience it would be too soon, but hadn’t Teddie stayed in touch with those who did that kind of thing regularly? Were these people able to help strangers? Ariel didn’t think so, but figured she ought to at least find out what the rules were in case she found herself in a particularly nasty predicament.
Dad didn’t have anything odd about him as far as Ariel could tell, and Zane’s talents were only helpful if Zane was right there with you. He— 
Ariel turned around quickly as an elderly Hindu woman who had done a surprising job of keeping up with Ariel’s fast pace ducked back out of a doorway and continued to follow her.
Oh hell, enough was enough. She turned around and stormed back to the tiny woman, glaring down into her eyes. She swore she could see Nell somewhere inside.
“Nell?”
As soon as Ariel said it the woman’s wrinkled features began to relax and her body filled out and she stood taller. 
“Hey, just a little practice to keep the old acting skills sharp,” a woman, who was looking more like Nell every second, said with a nervous giggle.
“No, that is more than acting. Stop pretending, Nell. I know, because my brother can do what you do.”
“No way.” Nell didn’t even argue the original point. “I spent my whole life teaching myself to do this. You have no idea how many great roles it got me. Need someone older, younger, larger, smaller, whiter, browner, thinner, fatter. I go way past acting—I become. No way has another actor taught themselves to do this like I can.”
“None has,” Ariel agreed. “My brother Zane has never acted in his life, at least not in a theatrical production. Come on. Let’s go get a beer. We need to compare notes.”
By the time the first Guinness was downed, Ariel had learned that Nell used her extreme acting talents regularly on behalf of her old friend and current employer Cillian. Her role as his girlfriend was one of the many she had adopted, and in fact she and Cillian had never been lovers. 
“Not my type,” Nell shrugged, and Ariel got it. 
“Zane’s gay too,” Ariel said. “I don’t think it’s really related in either case to what you guys can do, but it is kind of interesting. You’re like mirror opposite twins.”
“Well, he and I have both had to work harder at blending in than you have, so maybe it is a little part of it. Not that you don’t have your own issues,” Nell added. “Speaking of which, why are so many different people following you these days?”
“It hasn’t all been just you”?” Ariel asked.
“It’s hardly been me. Cillian asked me to check in every so often after the whole thing in Iceland, so I started out making sure that you were okay once a day. Once I noticed I wasn’t the only one with an interest in you, I decided to up the frequency. You’re pretty much a full-time job now, lady.”
“My first guess is that my other big fan is Baldur.”
Nell agreed. Nell didn’t know about Toby, of course, so Nell’s other guess was Mikkel.
“I couldn’t help but notice that the two of you kind of had your own private dinner that night at the lagoon. Not a lot of conversation with anyone else.” Nell had just a bit of teasing in her voice.
“We had a nice time,” Ariel agreed. “He’s a much more interesting man than I realized, at least when he doesn’t have a chip on his shoulder about me butting into his business. He even talked to me a little about it.” Ariel had no intention of telling Mikkel’s secrets to Nell or to anyone else, but Nell didn’t push the point.
“Maybe he’s having buyer’s remorse about talking to you, and he’s having you followed. You could consider filling him in on this odd premonition thing of yours just a little, you know. It might ease his mind if you shared too.”
“Are you crazy?” Ariel had spent a lifetime guarding her secret well. She was hardly going to start blurting it out to everyone she met just so that they’d trust her.
“I’m just saying. Confidences exchanged with honesty can go a long way. You could use a friend, and from what I see, so could he. Think about it.”

******

Toby was pleased at the response his study had received, and he was realistic enough to realize that it wasn’t his own reputation or powers of persuasion that were compelling most of the interested parties.  Many in the know had been eying the fairly recent phenomenon of high frequency trading with great wariness. Everyone knew that various trading algorithms had caused the flash crash in May 2010 when the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell a whopping one thousand points in fifteen minutes, forcing a slew of automatically triggered sales before rising back just as quickly. Angry investors who had found themselves selling at a huge loss were still complaining, and still looking for exactly what had set the whole thing in motion. A good many of them suspected HFT was the real culprit. Just last February, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission had formed a special working group of academics and experts to advise them on high frequency trading. 
Meanwhile, although Baldur and his company did their best to maintain a low profile, their unprecedented success was making others nervous. This task force that y1 had instigated spoke to a need in the financial community to police its own, and it looked like preliminary answers would be available to circulate and publish in only a few short weeks. Toby’s cheerful assessment was interrupted by a call from Zane.
“I’m getting to talk to you a lot lately,” he laughed.
“Yes, well, if anyone is bothering to check your phone records, you and I certainly are friends,” Zane agreed. “Look, I don’t mind being a verbal courier for you guys, but I have to tell you that some of this stuff is starting to scare me. I talked to my sister last night and she was upset that some guy is planning on amassing most of the globe’s wealth and it sounds like she somehow figures into his plans for world domination. This creep tied her to a massage table and tried to suck away her powers or something. You know about this?”
“Yeah,” Toby said. “I’m involved. I’m trying to look out for her, Zane, although frankly she’s pretty good at taking care of herself. My Plan A is to bring this guy down quickly, for everyone’s sake.”
“Can someone actually take over the world?” Zane asked. “I mean, like, the whole world?”
“You wouldn’t think so,” Toby said dryly, “but then again you wouldn’t think people could alter their appearance or see the future, now, would you?”
Zane ignored that. “Ariel says that your study has caused a lot of turmoil in her office, and to tell you that she’s posted more information for you on the same secured place online. She also knows more about someone else, another client, who is trying to save humanity from something else bad that has nothing to do with this first guy. How many catastrophes are we talking about here?”
“I only know of two,” Toby assured him, “and Ariel says not to worry about the second one right now because none of it is happening anytime soon. This must be one of her other clients that she is talking about. Did she say which one?”
“The real secretive one,” Zane confirmed. “Something about sending people to Mars, and she sent you all the details. I’m to remind you that it’s very private and they are for your background only, and that she’s trusting you. No studies or other actions at all on this one. You sure we’re not all going to die in an asteroid attack next week?”
Toby chuckled. “No, I’m not sure, but your sister doesn’t seem to think so, and I’ll go with that. Please let her know that I got the message about secrecy and will comply. Tell her that I said I’ll look at it right away, and that I appreciate everything she tells me.”
“There’s one more piece of information,” Zane said. “She asked me to tell you that she met someone who can do what I can. Can you believe it? It’s a woman who works with her other client, and Ariel says that the lady is really good at it. She’s using her talents to gather information for him.”
“Really?” 
“Yeah. I’ve got to find a way to meet this person.” 

******

Ariel did not have a boyfriend back in the U.S, nor had she formed any sort of a romantic relationship in London or Dublin, according to the sources Baldur had hired. The bad news was that eliminated finding a lover to hold hostage, but the good news was that it left open the possibility of igniting a romance that could be convenient for Baldur’s needs. 
He reconsidered the option of trying to court her himself. He had always taken a rather pragmatic approach to dating, and he had already planned to make the time to find a suitable wife over the next few years. It was a social convenience if nothing else. His first choice would have been an Icelandic woman who shared his native tongue and his culture, but Ariel was attractive and smart and would do fine. What better way to control both her and her assets?
He would be the first to admit that his sales technique with her probably needed a little work. Were there people he could hire to help with that sort of thing? He decided there must be. Someone could surely help him with flowers and apologies for the forced experiment with her capabilities. Someone could write him professions of his growing respect and admiration for her that he could no longer deny. In his experience both men and women had a soft spot for flattery that seemed to be unlimited. For now, he wouldn’t rule out the possibility of a romance with her.
It might be useful to know something about the boys and men Ariel had dated, slept with or even liked over the years. Baldur had read somewhere that everyone had a type they favored. Maybe for the courtship period he could manage to be a bit more of her type. He would ask his people to look deeper into Ariel’s past.
A few days later Baldur was surprised to learn that the last man Ariel had been seen with romantically was none other than Siarnaq, his Greenland ally who wanted to see Mikkel stopped. How in the world had those two crossed paths? At the airport in Nuuk, according to his sources. There were those in town still talking about the Inuit man and girl from Ireland standing in the middle of a restaurant rubbing their arms against each other.
That made some sense. Ariel had reason to go to Greenland, and frankly there weren’t that many people in Nuuk. The two of them could have touched each other somehow. Casually. Certainly they had experienced some subset of what he and Ariel had when they touched. 
Baldur found himself feeling a bit of jealousy. Interesting. Did Ariel prefer her long-range experience with Siarnaq to the quick fluctuations that Baldur could show her? He impatiently pushed the question out of his head.
Sources reported that the girl had come back to Greenland for a second visit with Siarnaq a month later. Not to Nuuk, but to a town on the east coast where according to the proprietor of the small lodging facility, they had pretty much spent the entire time in the bedroom together. But no visit since. So had they been too busy to schedule a third tryst, or had they broken things off?
Baldur wondered if he had ever come up in their conversation. Why would he? Yet now that he thought about it, Baldur was hard pressed to imagine what sort of research could have alerted Siarnaq to the financial rivalry between Mikkel and Baldur. Siarnaq had been vague about his sources. The man hardly had the means to hire a private detective the way that Baldur had. Wasn’t Ariel a perfect source for the information? 
Baldur studied the calendar on his desk. He had met with Siarnaq more than three months ago, and since then the two men had communicated occasionally as they worked together to slowly sabotage Mikkel’s project in Peary Land. Baldur had the resources to make things happen, and Siarnaq had provided the insight into both the land and the people that Baldur lacked. Together they had become an effective team for slowing Mikkel’s work down.
It sounded like Siarnaq and Ariel might have gone their separate ways about the time that Baldur and Siarnaq had joined forces. Did Ariel know what he and Siarnaq were doing? Did she disapprove? Of course she disapproved if she knew about it. 
Now that Baldur thought about it, she and Mikkel had been spending a lot of time together at the Blue Lagoon restaurant and had even wandered off at least once to talk. Baldur had been annoyed because it kept him from being able to have a little fun, poking at Ariel after the spa treatment incident, but perhaps he had missed something larger.
What if Ariel knew about Mikkel’s space project? What if she liked the idea? What if she found Mikkel attractive? Wouldn’t it be considerably less messy to get the woman to have feelings for someone else? Maybe this was going somewhere useful. 
Screw his promises to Siarnaq, Baldur thought. He could carve out a small financial niche for Mikkel and his pet project if doing so would buy Ariel’s cooperation. How helpful would she be if she were to discover that aligning herself with Baldur was the only way for Mikkel to be allowed to succeed?
Clearly, she was going to have to care a lot more about Mikkel. What could Baldur do to move things along?
Hulda knocked on his door and brought in an afternoon cup of tea for him.
“You’re a woman,” he said to Hulda like it was a little known fact. “What can a man do to get a woman to care more for him?”
“You could send her little gifts,” Hulda offered, “Everybody likes presents.” Hulda smiled to herself as she thought of the beautiful crystal sun catcher hanging in her window at home, a keepsake from an Irish fortune-teller who had stolen Hulda’s heart almost two years ago.
“I misspoke. I don’t want to get her to like me. I think that it might work better to get her to like someone else.”
“Oh.” Hulda looked puzzled. “I guess that you could send little gifts from him, then.”
“You’re right.” Baldur looked more pleased with Hulda then he had in weeks. “Now that you mention it, I could actually conduct a damn fine courtship for him. Probably a much better one than he could for himself.”
“Why would you want to do such a thing?” Hulda asked.
“For the same reason I always do anything,” Baldur said, in the tone in which an adult would happily instruct a child of which they were fond. “I do it because it’s the best way to get what I want. If you think about it, what other reason is there to do anything, really?”

******

Eoin studied the latest set of instructions in the email from Baldur and frowned. There are some lines an honest man doesn’t cross when they are drawn firmly on the ground, he thought. However, make it a series of lines, each one only a little bit more dubious than the last, and many a good man can be led to a place he never expected to be.
Eoin took a look at his current spot and acknowledged that it was a long way from where he wanted to be standing. The walk back to a place he preferred would not be easy. Hell, it might not even be possible.
Was Baldur crazy? He seemed to be on the verge at best, seeing psychics everywhere now in a way that smelled faintly of paranoia. Could other companies like d4 really be formed? Eoin didn’t think he’d believe Baldur at all if he hadn’t analyzed the results of the man’s trading history himself and found no other explanation.
Eoin had avoided Ariel altogether ever since the trip to Iceland. He could not accept that the quick-thinking young technical woman had any of the faerie about her, but there was no doubt that Baldur thought so, and he meant her harm for it.
It was one thing to cover for Baldur, to try to keep his secret and direct the staff in ways that made Baldur happy. It was quite another to participate in a plan, misguided or not, that involved hurting an innocent young lady. 
It was also crossing one line too many to directly insist that one of his own staff deliberately lie. How could a man keep any self-respect after doing that? He couldn’t. Well at least that part of the problem could be easily fixed. Eoin called Jake into his office, and the young man dutifully squeezed his big frame into the little guest chair, clearly expecting a reprimand or more unwelcome instructions. Jake was surprised but happy to hear that Eoin had changed his own mind, at least somewhat.
“Mind you, I’m not going to defy the man. That will piss him off, and for no good reason. He’ll come after me and maybe even our whole company in ways you and I cannot even imagine. So what I will do is ask you to defy me. Don’t worry, I’ll cover for you, say you’re doing as you’ve been told, then I’ll get you everything you need and more. You just make sure that you nail the bastard. I want you to make it very clear to those study people that something funny, something very wrong, is going on with d4.”
Jake looked relieved, but he had more on his mind. “What if I told you that I suspected the man of more than cheating? Like, I thought that he had some weird ability to sense minute-to-minute fluctuations in various sectors of the market? You know, an unacceptable advantage?”
Eoin was impressed. “You figured that out, did you?” Then at Jake’s surprised look, he added, “You’re not crazy, you’re correct. I’ve known for a long time, too, but only because Baldur confirmed it for me a while ago. Promised to take really good care of me, too, if I guarded his secret. He probably isn’t going to do that once you behave so poorly on my watch.” Eoin shrugged. “Maybe this study will move fast enough to put a stop to him, but I doubt it.”
“I don’t have to tell anyone you gave me the okay,” Jake offered.
“Nah, that won’t matter much to Baldur either way, but thanks. Besides, in the end I’d like to be on the side with the good guys, even though I personally think that the good guys are about to get their butts kicked.”
Brendan poked his carrot-topped head in the door. Jake and Eoin both turned his way nervously. “Did I interrupt something?” he asked.
“Not at all,” Eoin said, regaining his composure. “Jake and I were just talking about this nuisance study. I wouldn’t even bother to give these guys data, except it might make us look guilty of something and who needs that? That reminds me, Brendan, I need you to make sure that Cillian knows about it, and knows that we’re participating and isn’t taken by surprise.”
“I think Ariel was planning on paying him a visit over the next few days to fill him in,” Brendan offered. “Cillian won’t care much either way.”
“True,” Eoin said as Jake got up to leave. He asked both men, “Do you know if she’s made arrangements yet to chat with Mikkel about it?”
“I think he’s coming to town in a couple of days. She was going to meet with him too. He’s having a lot of issues with some major project he is financing and he wanted to talk about options for that as well.”
“Good to know that she’s on it.” Eoin was glad to hear that while everyone else was acting crazy, the young lady at the center of it all appeared to be calmly taking care of her business.

******

Mikkel and Ariel had been exchanging increasingly warmer correspondence ever since the outing at the Blue Lagoon Spa, and he had promised to fill her in more on his project on his next trip to Dublin. Ariel had suggested that they meet soon. She wanted to talk to him in person about the study y1 had instigated and the ramifications it might have for him and the secrecy of his endeavor.
He was arriving Friday morning, and Ariel found herself looking forward to the visit.  It was nice to be dealing with at least one uncomplicated man, and better yet one who she was growing to admire and genuinely want to help. So she was particularly dismayed when she walked into the office that Thursday morning in mid-August and found a huge bouquet of lilies and white roses and Japanese anemone and amaryllis all lavishly adorned with white baby’s breath occupying half her desk. Now what? 
She touched the flowers and found herself with a quick premory of a young florist’s happiness at receiving lavish praise for his fine work at an upcoming local wedding. Never mind. She reached for the card instead.
“Can’t stop thinking about you,” it said. Her first fear was that the flowers were from Baldur, and then it occurred to her that it would be even worse if they were a make-up gift from Siarnaq. However, she was even sadder when she saw that the card was signed “Mikkel”. Damn. Her one simple relationship had just gone complicated. 
Before the day was out every guy in the office walked by and made some snide remark about the flowers and unwelcome guesses about the identity, and particularly the intentions, of their sender. Ariel endured the comments stoically and refused to satisfy anyone’s curiosity as she spent the rest of the day irritated.
Damn him. Why did he have to go and do something like this? Now she dreaded Mikkel’s visit.
She had offered to pick him up at the airport, and he gave her a funny look the next morning as he got in her car and she refused to look at him as she gave him a cold hello.
“Did I do something wrong?” he asked.
“That was totally unnecessary,” she snipped. “And embarrassing and inappropriate.”
“What was?”
Out came the story of the showy white flowers. The ensuing ride to the office was filled with Mikkel’s discomfort that someone would do that in his name and Ariel’s disbelief of his denial and Mikkel’s irritation at Ariel’s lack of trust in his word and her irritation at his… Ariel stopped. She realized that she was annoyed at having been embarrassed, but clearly she was upset with the wrong person.
“So who did send the flowers?” they both asked in unison and then laughed.
“Who wants me to hate you?” she asked.
“Who wants you to like me?” he countered. “I get why it was embarrassing, but guys generally do send flowers because they want to be liked, you know.”
They ran through the names of everyone they could think of, including Eoin, Baldur, and Cillian, but neither of them could think of a plausible reason for such odd and expensive behavior. 

Mikkel and Ariel spent the morning in one of the conference rooms, strategizing over ways to provide full disclosure on Mikkel’s financial dealings with minimum attention drawn to how he was spending his money. It was fortunate that Mikkel already had a certain amount of legal subterfuge in place, with shell companies and subsidiaries that diverted attention away from his project in Peary Land. Nonetheless, any scrutiny was going to be unwelcome.
“We need to be able to explain how you have the same tools as all of Ullow’s other clients and yet you do measurably better than all of them, except for Baldur,” Ariel said. 
“It’s no secret that I piggyback on some of Baldur’s innovations,” he pointed out. “I have no reason to hide that, and even though Baldur’s put a stop to that recently I still am benefitting from some of his less recent ideas. Just say that it is my good fortune to be operating out of the same office as he does.”
“Yeah.” Ariel was bothered by something and she finally put her finger on it. She knew for a fact that Baldur used his innovations well because of his short-term psychic abilities. How was Mikkel managing to use the same tools almost as well once he had them? Surely he wasn’t like Baldur? Ariel took a deep breath, reached out and put her hand on Mikkel’s arm. He raised an eyebrow, but said nothing.
She closed her eyes. There was nothing. No electricity, no change in her abilities, nothing but his warm skin underneath her. He certainly was no visionary. Did the man have no future? Then it came. A premory from months ahead—distant, small and vague. Maybe a one out of three chance. Mikkel on a beach, relaxed and laughing. And Ariel next to him. It was a pleasant scene, warm and happy. All was well. Ariel searched for more, for other possibilities, but she could find nothing else.
She opened her eyes to see Mikkel smiling at her.
“Do you mind if ask what you were doing?” he said.
“Not at all.” She made a quick decision. “I have something that I’d like to tell you about me, but I’d rather do it out of the office. Lunch?”
“Lunch.”
Mikkel wasn’t a big fan of sushi but he agreed to Ariel’s favorite place as long as he could order something else. Once they were settled in with food and drinks, silence took over.
“You wanted to tell me something?” he prompted. When she didn’t say anything, he added, “Something you don’t usually tell people?”
“How’d you know that?” she asked suspiciously.
“From the way you are acting,” he laughed. “I’ve shared my secret project with you and now you want to exchange confidences but you’re having a little trouble doing it. Come on. How big a secret can a straightforward young woman like you have?”
“I see the future.” Ariel blurted it out, and Mikkel didn’t even look surprised. “It turns out other people do too, just not like I do.” Mikkel continued to smile and say nothing.
“You know this already?” she asked with irritation.
“Only the last part,” he admitted. “I suspect you’re referring to Baldur, and I figured out a while ago that the man has some uncanny advantage in predicting the market. I’ve been trying to mimic him ever since. So you do too?”
Ariel explained the ways that she and Baldur were alike and different, and before she knew it the story of their odd ability to combine what they could do had come out as well and Mikkel was hearing about the whole awful spa incident. She saw the anger growing in his eyes.
“That’s just wrong. Tying you up like that, doing that to you.” 
“He was desperate to get an answer, I don’t think it was normal for him.”
“Ariel, don’t make excuses for him. That is seriously disturbed behavior,” Mikkel said. “What’s going to happen if he discovers that you do give him the advantage that he hopes you will?”
“I suspect that he’s going to try to bribe me with wealth beyond my wildest dreams,” she said.
“And if you don’t agree to the partnership?”
“I think things will get ugly,” she replied.
“So do I. This nonsense with him has gone too far. I’ve got to find a way to stop this guy.”
“I’m already on it,” Ariel said. She told Mikkel about Toby and y1 and how the study had gotten started to begin with. “It’s my fault really. I needed some help in bringing Baldur down, and I kind a panicked a little when I told my brother about the whole thing with Baldur. I didn’t’ even consider how all this scrutiny was going to affect you and your project. That’s why I wanted to meet with you in person and make sure that in the process of saving myself I wasn’t destroying you.”
Mikkel was smiling again. 
“Now what’s so funny?”
“You’ve got the world’s worst creep fixated on handcuffing you to his computer screen for the rest of your life, and you’re trying to do the right thing by someone else you hardly know. It’s not funny. It’s charming.”
“I’m glad you’re entertained,” she said.
“Don’t be that way,” he said. “I meant it as a compliment.” He reached out his hand until it almost touched hers. “Do you risk destroying the whole space-time continuum if you touch me and tell me what you see?”
“I don’t think it works that way. I see probabilities, not certainties, and telling someone just alters the landscape a little, sometimes, depending on what I say and what they believe.”
“Okay then…” He brushed his fingers lightly over the skin of her hand. “What does my future hold?”
With the light touch she felt a soft wind blow, and smelled coffee, freshly ground and perked. She premembered Mikkel lying in a hammock, enjoying the morning breeze coming off of the sea as he carefully took the hot coffee from a freckled hand that Ariel was sure was her own. Seriously? She was going to bring the man a cup of coffee?
“You seem to have a beach vacation in your future,” she said.
“That’s all? With everything I’ve got going on in my life, I’m going to go to the beach?” 
“It is a ways in the future, probably months from now. That’s as far as I usually see. And it’s far from a given, one of many possibilities, really.”
“So what are the other possibilities,” he asked eagerly.
“That’s just it, I don’t know,” she said. She tried to bring up more premories, those that were closer in, or those that were the most likely other alternatives. A few snippets came to her.  There were some fine dinners, an unusually good night’s sleep here and there, and a few orgasms which were kind of embarrassing to feel. All pleasant, a collage of the short but happy moments of a healthy life. 
“For some reason with you I just seem to be getting the good times. It’s not like you have a lot of them,” she added. “But I’m not seeing the other stuff at all.”
“Odd,” he agreed. “Well, I guess I ought to be glad that I have anything in store then for you to see.”
“I’ll try again later,” she offered as they left the restaurant and started the walk back to the office. “I don’t usually do this for people. I mean, I never have. But given the problems we share right now, I want to try again and see if I can be of more help.”
“Can’t you do this kind of thing to help yourself?” he suggested as they walked.
“Sort of. It doesn’t focus very well when it’s just me. I get random stuff from anywhere from next week to half a year out, and it tends to include a lot of junk, just like the odd things you remember from years ago. You know, how something smelled or what song was playing. If it is about anything that matters, then I usually get a lot of alternatives. It’s interesting, but generally not as useful as you’d think. “
“Have you seen alternatives to do with this thing with Baldur?” he asked.
“Yeah and some really weird ones too. The most likely one lately is a sort of game of cat and mouse that goes on for as long as I can envision.”
“I bet you can play a decent game of cat and mouse if you have to,” he said.
Ariel shrugged. “Honestly, I’d rather be the cat.”

By the time they left the office late in the afternoon, Ariel knew that she was going back to Mikkel’s hotel with him. She supposed that if she were able to precall events from only a few hours away, she might have seen the intimate moments that were to come, and for once she was glad that her vision was restricted. Surprise was sometimes nice.
 Mikkel understood why she was coming with him without asking. “It works at its best if I relax, and if we lay next to each other without any clothes,” she said once they were in his room, and he smiled as he began to unbutton her blouse.
“Do I mess anything up if I undress you?”
She sighed with pleasure. “No, but you might interfere with my concentration.”
“I’ll take my chances.” 
As they stretched out together she felt his body respond to lying naked together, and she had to smile. Men were so predictable. She wrapped her arms around him, steeling herself for what premories might come.
It took a few seconds, and then there they were, lying together in the sand. It was still warm from the afternoon sun, but there was only a tiny bit of dusk left in the dark blue sky. In the privacy of the near-darkness their naked bodies were pressed together, enjoying the closeness. His hand was stimulating her, she was stroking him and then, as the surf pounded, they started to make love. 
Ariel realized with a start that she and Mikkel were in fact well into it in real life. She supposed that she was responsible, probably acting out her premory as it came to her. Now what?
Ariel of the future savored the growing fire inside until she threw her head back with a moan of ecstasy and let her pleasure unfold. Not to be outdone, Ariel of the present day closed her eyes and let her body embrace the joy of the moment as well. Then, as her breathing slowed, she savored Mikkel’s enjoyment too, while the couple on the beach dissipated into nothingness.
Once both of their heartbeats were back to normal they held each for a while quietly. Finally Mikkel broke the silence. “I’m really not going to complain if you didn’t learn anything new,” he said. “But if you did, I’d love to hear about it.”
She smiled. “All I got was that you continue to have the distinct possibility of one hell of a nice beach vacation coming up. It’s absolutely all I’m getting from you. The good news is that it already seems slightly more likely than it did at lunch today, and, well, I get to be there too.”
He didn’t say anything for a few seconds. “I like the idea of your being there. How about we keep tabs on these odds, and we do what we can to work to improve them?”
“Okay,” she agreed. “Any future that has this going on in a few months has got to be a pretty good one. We’ll check on it every so often.”
“I was thinking we should check on it at least once a day,” he said with a straight face. The she noticed the bit of a grin largely hidden by his facial hair. “Some days maybe two or three times, you know, just in case.” 
18. Summertime in the Gazebo

To Ariel’s surprise she spent most of the weekend with Mikkel, but by Sunday afternoon she had to excuse herself. She had agreed to drive Brendan out to Cillian’s estate and brief Cillian on the ramifications, if any, of the y1 study on his trading patterns.
After she explained to Mikkel where she was going, he asked if he could ride along.
“I don’t think that’s really appropriate,” Ariel said, a little irritated that he would even ask.
“Ariel, don’t be mad. I just asked you for a ride. I’m already invited and planning to go.”
“Why would you be invited?”
Mikkel sighed. “I know Cillian better than you think. I know that he has things that he wants to tell you about today, and he has asked that I be there. I know that you’re not going to be happy that I didn’t tell you this earlier, but give me a break here Ariel. These things are his to tell, not mine, and I didn’t want to spend this whole weekend deflecting your questions. I will take a cab out there if you make me, but I’m not going to explain any more until we get there.”
“Fine.” Ariel’s tone was colder already, and they said very little while the valet got the car.  “Was this whole weekend just so you’d have something to do while you waited for this meeting?” she asked as she pulled out into traffic.
“Don’t be ridiculous. I brought plenty of work with me,” he said, immediately realizing that perhaps that had not been the best response. “Ariel, this has been the best two days I have had in a long, long time, and that is the truth. I had no idea that this was going to happen when I told Cillian I’d stick around for this Sunday evening get-together.” 
He gave her a helpless look but she ignored it, turning her music up instead so that it was plenty loud enough to prevent any further conversation. Unfortunately the song that happened to be playing was Passion Pit’s new hit “Carried Away.” Ariel liked the song, but today the lyrics about a complicated relationship hit too close to home. Mikkel didn’t say another word, but she saw him smiling as she changed the song in irritation.
Brendan was in unusually good spirits as he got into the car, his normally serious face creased with a seldom seen smile. He acted like being picked up by the two of them was the most natural thing in the world, and tried to keep up a friendly conversation for the first few minutes. When Ariel didn’t turn the music down and no one responded much Brendan finally gave up. They rode in silence through the outskirts of Dublin and into the countryside.
 It was mid-afternoon by the time that Nell met them at the McGrane Manor’s door, steering them away from the house and straight out to the backyard grounds. “Cillian’s got us set up outside in the gazebo,” she said with obvious excitement. “He’s put together a picnic and given a lot of the staff the day off. Isn’t it gorgeous? Look at that blue sky.”
So this was going to be another conversation Cillian didn’t want anyone in the house to overhear. Of course it was.
Cillian had a stout in his hand as they walked up the steps to the gazebo, but Ariel noticed that nothing seemed to be missing from his glass. Cillian himself seemed older and sadder as he reached out to Ariel with his hand.
“Just barely touch it,” he said. “Carefully.”
Even just grazing his skin she was startled by the painful zap.
“See how much stronger it has become since the time you touched me two months ago? I think that’s because our visions are beginning to connect,” he said, “even though what we see is so drastically different.” 
“Just how far do you see?” she asked, rubbing her hand.
“My clearest information seems to come from about five hundred to a thousand years from now, although a lot of the time I don’t know when I’m seeing, of course. I do get stuff on either end of that range—you know how that is. I’m pretty sure that it’s a good bit further than Mikkel’s cousin Siarnaq sees” he said. She noticed that he was rubbing his hand as well.
Ariel looked around and saw Nell stuffing her face with dolmades and Mikkel pouring himself a stiff glass of whiskey. She turned to Brendan. 
“Is there anything I should know about you?”
Brendan chuckled. “Nothing. I swear. I really do write code, and otherwise I babysit these three and help them out any way I can. I’m the most normal person you know. Here, let me get you a Guinness. You’re going to want one.”
As it happened, Ariel drank three while she listened to Cillian. The last time she had been at his home, everyone had wanted to know all about her. This time, Cillian wanted to tell her all about him.
He looked into her eyes as he talked, his faded soft blue meeting the bright light blue of her irises while he ignored the other three people who already knew him so well. He described to her how his deepest childhood secret had been seeing the far future, ever since he could remember. As a boy he’d been mostly confused by what he saw. Then as a young man he’d struggled to shut the visions out. He couldn’t, though, and what he came to know made his parents’ obsession with acquiring more wealth seem increasingly silly. 
He’d played the role of an irresponsible young man because it bought him the freedom to not care about his family’s trivial concerns, and because it explained his enthusiasm for all the various nepenthes and distractions that he turned to in order to squelch what he saw. 
It wasn’t until he settled down with Lara and had children, he told Ariel, that he got a grip on himself and tried to use his gift to learn more specifics. Lara knew about it, of course, and she encouraged him at first, but she pulled away eventually when the things he learned started to make him act and talk crazy. 
“When it all started to clarify, I realized that there was just one vision, you see,” Cillian said. “And it was basically of nothing. I’d see old bones sometimes, animals, plants, occasionally some rotting human flesh, and always a haunting feeling that brought me to tears. I knew it meant that humanity was gone. The extinction of my species filled my dreams after a while and everything I touched spoke to me of the end. By the time I was in my early thirties I was depressed and becoming suicidal.”
He told Ariel how much he still regretted not handling it all better, but he’d been too overwhelmed. Lara had at least done him the favor of letting the world think that she’d become fed up with his drinking and womanizing, and she and the children had gone far away where neither Cillian nor his family could ever find her. Ariel noticed Brendan and Nell listening with sympathy, even though they’d certainly heard the story many times before. Mikkel was looking down, lost in his own thoughts.
“After she took the kids and left, I had a lot of time on my hands. I tried to work backwards, to see shorter, to learn more about what happens,” he explained. “I always believed that the future wasn’t set and there had to be alternatives, but finding a vision of any other ending took me a long time, and it was faint when I found it. I knew that this other world I saw was a near certainty.”
Ariel interrupted him with a guess. “So you, you four, have been working together to strengthen any other, better vision ever since. Are you going to tell me what actually happens?”
“He doesn’t know what happens,” Nell interjected. “Although, as we hone in on various corrections we are getting more of an idea. The problem is that any solution is complicated. It involves a lot of components. We’re pretty sure that there is no single answer waiting to be revealed.” 
Mikkel spoke up. “Obviously Mars is involved, but not as a substitute for life on Earth. We think that even under the best of circumstances the colony won’t make it indefinitely on its own. It’s more like if Earth starts to recover, then Mars becomes instrumental in shepherding that process. It becomes a center of stored knowledge, a better avenue of communication—maybe it even becomes the seat of a temporary government. It gives humanity hope.”
 “And the slow recovery on Earth must give the Mars colony hope as well. Two planets working on the buddy system,” Nell added. “What matters is that we have shown that within a mere decade, we can affect the odds. Every once in a while they get worse, but mostly they become very slightly better with everything we do. That was until you showed up.”
“Great. I’m a problem for humanity.” 
“No. That would be too easy. We’d just shoot you,” Brendan said. Ariel thought that he was probably kidding.
“Then what am I?” She asked the question but her mind had already gone to the odd experience she’d had back when she’d taken this job last December. This conversation. It was the one she had premembered.
Cillian said. “You are capable of taking a still remote chance for survival and turning it into a far better probability. Single handedly.”  
“And exactly how do I do this?” Ariel asked, as a good bit of her brain informed her sternly that such a concept was ridiculous.
“I wish we knew,” Cillian said. “But like the rest of this, it’s complicated. I think that one good place to start would be to ask you what you have been doing over the last twenty-four hours or so?” 
“Why?” Mikkel asked the question, and he looked more than a little defensive on Ariel’s behalf.
“Because, my dear friend, whatever the young lady was doing, it seems to have nudged up the human race’s chances of survival.” 
Mikkel and Ariel exchanged a glance. Nell giggled. Then everyone started talking at once, and it took few minutes for the group to settle back down. Mikkel finally accomplished it by insisting loudly that it was time to let Ariel ask some questions. Ariel was grateful. She had plenty.
She was able to find out that Mikkel had been persuaded to get involved in this odd quest when a nearly crazy Cillian had approached him in 2009. Mikkel was a young professor at the time, and said that he might not have listened at all except that by then Cillian had managed to narrow down the year of the catastrophe that set extinction in motion, and it was the same year that his cousin and childhood friend Siarnaq had insisted years ago would be the beginning of the end.
From Mikkel’s point of view, he had now heard such a crazy prediction twice in his life, and the odds of both people randomly choosing the year 2352 were ridiculous. So he had agreed to learn more, and a delighted Cillian saw the odds of survival go from almost nothing to a little bit better. 
After that, Cillian had managed to clear the cobwebs out of his head as he realized that his ability wasn’t a useless predictor of doom. Rather, it could serve as a compass, to provide a sense of whether he was on the right track or not. His gift reminded him of a children’s game, where one child seeks a hidden object while the others tell him if he is getting warmer or colder. 
“It’s a far sight better than the kind of visions the saints used to have,” he told Ariel. “You know how most of those went?”
Ariel shook her head. 
“They were usually something along the lines of ‘God is pissed and he is sending a horrible calamity, and it is going to be really bad, unless you his faithful people do exactly what I tell you to do.’”
“That’s not seeing the future,” Mikkel said. “That’s extortion.”
“Well, they called it having the gift of prophecy, but it had the distinct advantage of the faithful generally complying, so that the prediction itself never had to come to pass.” Cillian’s laugh had more than a bit of bitterness to it. “Talk about a racket.”
Cillian paused to have a long swallow of beer. Once he was sure that he had the attention of everyone in the gazebo, he went on. 
“After Lara left me, I did a lot of research on everything I could find about successful prophets and the phenomenon of prescience,” Cillian said. “Among other things I realized that even though I’d been scoffing at my parents’ greed all this time, I was going to need a good bit of money if I wanted to do things to make a difference. So I cleaned up my act a little and got my dad to pay me a decent salary for doing a real job at his company. I started taking as much other play money as I could weasel from both parents and just pretended to play while stuffing most of it away.”
“Pretty soon I realized that I had a sizable nest egg to work with, and I did some research on investing. I stumbled on HFT. At first I was insulted by it, because it seemed to be such an unfair way for the wealthy to siphon off even more. Then I remembered that I was wealthy and that such a discrete way to make a lot of money almost pennies at a time was perfect for funding a massive and secret group of projects that would ultimately benefit everyone’s descendants equally.” 
Cillian explained how once he decided to use high frequency trading, he’d done more research and discovered the quiet yet uncanny success of a new Icelandic investor and his company d4. He had set himself up as an investor in the same office with the intention of copying d4’s success any way that he could. Cillian was certain that secrecy for the time being improved their odds, so after he found Mikkel, he convinced his new ally not to contact Siarnaq, and to keep his work hidden.
By early agreement, the two men seldom talked in person and they never met like this. Cillian funneled what money he could to Mikkel, and Mikkel opened his own account to accelerate the process. While Mikkel focused almost entirely on Mars, Cillian used the money he made to fund several other side projects that also offered some small promise of increasing the odds of survival. 
“So Baldur is the reason you picked Ullow?” Ariel asked. 
“That’s right. I figured they could do for me what they had done for him,” Cillian said. “When I started using Ullow, I started making a lot of money, but the odds didn’t improve. It bothered me, until I figured out that I had gotten so used to dealing with one new variable at a time that it never occurred to me that I had encountered two at once. The combined effects were largely cancelling each other out.”
“Like destructive interference?” Ariel asked.
“Exactly. Using Ullow and HFT to grow more capital was absolutely raising humanity’s chances of survival. But I couldn’t see it, and now I am pretty sure that was because at the same time Baldur was a growing threat, and his increasingly likely plan to take over the world economy was cancelling out everything positive that I was doing,” Cillian said. 
“The man is not a significant player,” Brendan said with obvious irritation.
“In a way he is,” Cillian corrected him. “He matters because if he succeeds, even for a while, he weakens us as a species. Even if after a few generations of disruption things begin to right themselves again, he still leaves us all more vulnerable. Look at the aftermath in the many nations throughout history in which wealth became concentrated in the hands of a very few at the expense of the health and well being of everyone else.”
“You said that even with his most successful reign he turns out to be just a flash in the pan and that you’ve never seen a survival scenario in which he is remembered at all,” Brendan countered.
“Yes, but that doesn’t mean that he can’t do damage now that will make things difficult for people down the road,” Cillian replied. “Personally I think landing at Ullow was the best piece of good luck that we’ve had. It made us cognizant of Baldur more quickly and of the need to stop him. Yet at the same time, you have to appreciate the irony that Baldur’s ability to make money has given us a huge leg up in financing the various projects we have going. Mikkel and I have both done much better thanks to him. Baldur has turned out to be both a threat and a useful tool for us.”
“Except that he now hopes to lock Ariel in a closest and use her like a cash machine,” Nell said. “Please tell us that’s not what needs to be done.’
“It isn’t,” Cillian assured her. “Just the opposite. I’m concerned that Ariel’s capabilities could turn him from someone who does damage over a few decades to someone who does enough irreparable damage fast enough that he manages to shut Mikkel and me down. We can’t let that happen. Our problem is that Ariel has the power to turn Baldur into someone who must be stopped now.”
“Yes, but don’t you need to allow d4 to keep on doing what it is doing so you guys can bring in the money too?” Ariel asked. “I mean isn’t it bad all around if y1 manages to get Baldur shut down?” 
“No, I don’t think so,” Cillian assured her. “We won’t need d4 for all that much longer. It’s not a bottomless pit. I’ve calculated how much I think we need to have stashed before our investments are sufficient to finance what we need going forward without any more help from Baldur. We haven’t been at this but for a year or two, and I think we are only a year or two away from this tipping point. After that, we want to see him shut down too. 
“But Toby is determined to make this all happen just as fast as he can, because he doesn’t know about you guys. Was turning to him for help the worst mistake ever?” Ariel asked.
Cillian chose his words carefully. “We didn’t bring you here today to blame you, Ariel, or to question you or try to tell you what to do. We brought you here to make you fully aware of the situation and to ask for your help. It’s vital that this Toby does not succeed with his plan until we are ready. You have to find a way to convince him to put on the brakes.” 
So the conversation finally came full circle to what Ariel thought that they had met to discuss in the very beginning. 

******

She probably shouldn’t have given her mom such a rough time about Santa Claus, but Ariel had never liked the idea that a large group of people knew something that she didn’t. It embarrassed her. It annoyed her. All these people dressing up in costumes and conspiring to make her believe a story—and her own parents complicit in the deception? Who cared if she was only nine years old? She still felt like a fool when she found out.
It was very much the way she now felt about the entire Ullow office in Dublin. What a crock. Brendan pretending to amuse a wayward client, when, in fact, said drunk womanizing gambler was arguably the most serious and responsible man in the whole world, with Brendan and flaky failed actress Nell as his two loyal and capable sidekicks. What were some of those other endeavors that they were funding in hopes of nudging the almost inevitable in the best of directions? She resolved to find out.
Then there was secretive, almost paranoid Mikkel, who was really just a gentle intellectual sucked into a scheme to save the world by acting like a greedy new investor. No wait—Mikkel was more than just a gentle intellectual, at least under the right circumstances. Ariel smiled as she remembered their weekend together. The two of them had made plans to meet in Oslo in a few weeks as soon as both of them could get away. They had parted exchanging a long hug that promised more good times ahead.
The other component of the office wasn’t what they pretended to be either. Baldur, the brilliant young investor, was a man with a secret talent that few people would believe and a level of greed well beyond the norm. Big Jake was no friend of Baldur’s, but someone in the office must be. As Ariel pondered the dynamics, all she could conclude was that her own boss Eoin must have sworn allegiance to Baldur and his cause years ago. Why else would talking to Eoin consistently appear to be a bad idea? 
In the bluntest of terms, Ariel realized that she had at least one enemy that she had not counted on, and several friends that she hadn’t counted on either. She had a pending crisis for having involved Toby and y1 in her troubles in the first place, and another pending crisis when the first of Baldur’s stock options expired on Saturday, September 22. Not to mention that she had a role to play in humanity’s future that she understand less well the more she learned about it.  
She let herself giggle. Okay, so the fact that there was no Santa Claus was the least of her problems. 

******

When Baldur’s people reported back to him about the persistent “Do not disturb” sign on Mikkel’s hotel door in Dublin and the redheaded woman seen with him the few times that he did emerge from the room, Baldur was delighted. 
“Thank you Hulda,” he said almost warmly as he walked into the office that Monday. “It is useful to know that women can be bought for the price of flowers.” 
Hulda looked up from her desk like she was considering whether she should say something or not. Her better judgment lost the battle.
“Men,” she replied firmly. “Can be had for no price at all.”
Baldur stared at her in disbelief—then burst into a laugh. 
“You are right! You may be cheap, but we are free, at least to most women that say yes. It’s true. Which is good or I’d be out the cost of two lavish bouquets instead of one.” 
He walked on into his own office in the best of spirits, and Hulda wondered what had gotten into the both of them. 

******

Ariel had put off contacting her folks directly for weeks now, and she knew it was too long. Emails and text messages made it easy to avoid topics, but her parents had begun to make it clear that they were rightfully worried and wanted to see her face. So she placed a video call home on Labor Day thinking she would surprise them. Her father and sister were out, but her mom was fooling around on her computer and took the call. After greetings and a little complaining about the lack of contact, Ariel tried to change the subject. 
“How are things there?”
“Okay I suppose. I mean work is fine and our health is good and Teddie has settled into her senior year in high school, but—”
Ariel recognized a cue when she heard one.
“But what, Mom?”
“I got my magazine article published finally.”
Oh damn. She’d forgotten all about that.
“That’s great Mom. You should be proud.”
“You’d think. But it turns out that I’m getting a lot of flack for it. Some news outlet that doesn’t exactly share my worldview picked up on it, randomly I guess, and decided it was a great subject for a lampoon. They’ve kind of gotten a lot of mileage out of making fun of it and of me.”
Oh dear. “That’s too bad. What idiots. I’m sure that nonsense will die down, and I bet there are those who really enjoyed it.”
“I suppose.” Her mother looked discouraged. “It gets worse. See, I’ve got this daughter I love a lot and I know she’s in trouble right now, and I can feel her worry but she just won’t talk to me. It’s driving me crazy.”
“That’s cute Mom.”
“I try. Come on, Ariel. Please tell me what is going on.”
So Ariel did. Out came more than she had intended, really. Toby and y1 and Baldur and his creepy experiment, and fear and psychics and extinction events, and Siarnaq and Mikkel. Her mom was quiet through most of it, and at the end she looked at least as relieved as she was worried.
“I’m going to email you contacts right now, sweetie. I understand that you’ve got allies there and that is great, and it’s half of why I’m not as worried as I could be. Still, you can always use more. These people I know, they know even more people. Ariel, they would all help you with no questions asked if you tell them who you are. Don’t hesitate.” 
“Thanks Mom. I appreciate that it must be hard to be a spectator when your own child is in danger, and believe me, I don’t want this to end poorly. I promise that I’ll reach out to your friends if it seems a wise thing to do.” Ariel was relieved that her mom was handling this as well as she could have hoped, but her mother wasn’t done.
 “Also, I need you to understand something else. I stay out of your head, dear, but sometimes I can’t keep from feeling your anger or fear or sorrow when it is really strong. I ignore it, because, well, every mom has to learn that she can’t make everything right for her children, and I’m no exception. You take care of yourself just fine. But if you are really in trouble, suddenly, unexpectedly, and you can’t call anyone else for help, you need to know that you can call me. Feel the problem, think of and visualize information and concentrate on the fact that it’s okay for me to get involved. I’ll have no way of letting you know that I heard you, but I will try to get you some help. Do you understand me?”
“I do, Mom. Thanks. I hope it never comes to that.” 

******

To test the potential usefulness of Ariel’s gift, Baldur had mostly gone with investment strategies involving options. They offered more risk and a much larger reward, and he wanted to verify her usefulness by putting serious money on the line with a clear deadline that matched the timeframe Ariel was best at seeing. Options that expired in September and October fit the specs perfectly.
Baldur had split his money unevenly between the two expiration dates, thinking that if the fewer September expirations turned out to be a disaster, he could exit his much larger October positions and minimize his losses. However, if September went well, then October’s results could confirm for him that Ariel’s success had not been a lucky fluke.
In a little more than two weeks he would have his first set of answers. It was true that many of the investments were moving in a favorable direction already, but it was also true that many of the choices would have been made by any keen investor, no psychic ability needed. It was the outliers that interested Baldur the most, and many of those had yet to turn favorable. In order for him to risk massive amounts of money on Ariel’s guidance, he decided that she would need to be over seventy-five percent accurate with the trades he would not have chosen himself. 
He now knew that he needed both her body and some level of cooperation from her mind, but she didn’t yet know about that last part. Knowledge was always power. Baldur figured that he had very little time to push Ariel and Mikkel into a relationship, or at least into enough of one that she might seriously consider working for Baldur on Mikkel’s behalf.
Fear did wonders for pushing people together, Baldur thought. Perhaps this infatuation process could be accelerated if he could arrange for some sort of mild physical attack. Nothing that would do any permanent damage, of course, just a couple of hired thugs to keep Ariel scared and get her to turn instinctively to Mikkel. 
Once Baldur was firmly the bogeyman in her eyes, then he could surprise her with a very reasonable offer. He was pretty sure that psychologists called it negative reinforcement. Lead the subject to expect something awful, then promise them a less horrible outcome if they cooperate.
If all went well, by late October Ariel would learn the good news that in return for giving Baldur only a small amount of her willing help, Mikkel would reap serious financial benefits. With no help from her, that silly space project of Mikkel’s was going to run into insurmountable problems. Baldur was sure that if he handled the next seven or eight weeks just right, then Ariel would make the desired choice. Once she helped him a little, his demands on her time and talents could continue to increase, at just a slow enough rate that she never balked. 
Realtors boast that location is all that matters. Not so, Baldur thought. It is the rate of change that is everything.
Once his financial empire was firmly centered around Ariel and thriving to the degree that he expected, he could weigh his choices for ensuring her ongoing loyalty. A wife? A partner in the firm? Perhaps both, if she was that good. Mikkel would be disposable by then, and Baldur could calculate his next move after he determined what was in his own best interest given the situation. 
The next step was clearly upping the fear factor. Then there needed to be another romantic gesture on Mikkel’s part. The man had apparently made the wise choice to take credit for the flowers the first time around. Hopefully he would show the same good sense the second time.
19. Summer Ends

Mikkel and Ariel talked frequently now, and with each phone conversation the secrets between them began to evaporate.  He was surprised to learn that Ariel had met Siarnaq, and had been close to him for a short time before they disagreed and parted ways. She kept the details sparse, but made sure that Mikkel knew about Siarnaq’s hatred of what he was doing.
Mikkel told Ariel how he had lost contact with Siarnaq years ago, but had not realized how deeply he had hurt his younger cousin. “More than anything I didn’t want to believe what he was predicting,” Mikkel said. “I didn’t mean to insult him. I thought we just grew apart.”
“It’s your current activities that really upset him,” she said. “He has no idea of what you are trying to accomplish or why. He’s working with Baldur now, only because he wants to desperately to stop you,” she said. “It is the cause of some of the many problems you’re having. You know, except for this misplaced hatred of you, he is otherwise a reasonable man. Mikkel, you could make your life easier if you would talk to him and at least try to explain.”
“I wanted to bring him into this early on,” Mikkel said, “but Cillian hates the idea of having too many people in the know, and he thinks that Siarnaq has a vital role of his own to play. He didn’t want to take a chance on me screwing up Siarnaq’s zeal for what he is doing.” 
“That might have been a bad call,” Ariel said. “Looks like you’re getting far more trouble by leaving Siarnaq in the dark.”
“I’ll fill Cillian in on what you’ve said, and unless he has some specific objection, I’ll find a way to talk to Siarnaq soon.” 
Ariel told Mikkel how she wished that he was going to be able to attend the upcoming meeting between Cillian and Toby in Ireland, but they both agreed that Mikkel didn’t need to be there and could do more good tending to his own problems in Greenland. They comforted each other by comparing calendars again and finally settling on October 5 for their getaway together in Oslo. It was still four long weeks away, and that seemed so long to wait. The conversation ended the way conversations generally do between two people who are far away from each other and wish that they were sharing the same bed for the night.

It was a meeting between two lions—men in the prime of their power, confident and passionate about their causes. Eoin watched them both, expecting to hear one growl softly and the other, perhaps, to respond with a roar.
Cillian hadn’t come far for the meeting, in a physical sense, but he had in another manner. It was his way to have people come to him. It had not been lost on Eoin that under the guise of entertaining, Cillian always met in person on his home turf. To be sitting in a conference room in Dublin was a compromise, a physical sign that he was willing to cooperate.
Across the table from him sat Toby, who had arrived this morning from Hawaii. Almost a full day in transit should have taken its toll, but Toby’s head of full thick dark hair was well kept and his tanned, relaxed demeanor appeared unshaken. Even his flowered shirt and khakis looked well pressed. He’d come a long way to plead his case in person, and he meant to do it well.
Baldur could have sat at the same table, Eoin thought. For all his relative youth, Baldur shared the two older men’s sense of full confidence in who he was and what he wanted. But he wasn’t there of course, because he was the subject of today’s conversation.
Eoin was well aware that he himself had almost not been invited. If Jake had not told Ariel about Eoin’s late-in-the-game conversion to doing what was right, Eoin knew that he probably would not even have been told that the meeting was occurring. Eoin looked around the rest of the table. Jake sat sprawled in his chair, taking up room for two people. Brendan looked serious as usual, scratching hair the color of butterfly wings as he wrote on a pad. Nell was amusing herself by joking with Fergus and Ronan about how hard it was to tell them apart. 
“I want to put a stop to this bastard and I want to do it now.” Toby stated it in a soft tone before the meeting even started.
“As do I. But there are complicating factors that you need to fully understand,” Cillian responded in a stage whisper as the conference room door opened a crack. In came the creature destined to sit between these two lions and coerce them into an agreement. A small red fox, Eoin thought, one who could hold her own with two far more powerful beasts, and who was taking the lead for this meeting by virtue of the respect she had earned already from each side. 
As Ariel walked into the room everyone saw that she was holding a shillelagh, an Irish walking stick, in her hand.
“Planning to beat us both into submission?” Cillian asked with a raised eyebrow as Ariel got herself settled.
“Hardly,” she smiled back. “We have a lot of complicated issues to cover and you may have noticed that I’m so not so good at yelling over those louder and more determined to be heard. So,” she paused, looking for understanding, “I brought a talking stick.”
Toby nodded. “Big with indigenous peoples of the North American Northwest.”
“And others ranging from local West African leaders to the Boy Scouts,” Ariel said. She added to the rest of the room, “Point forward, the only people who can speak are the person holding the shillelagh, I mean the talking stick, or a person who has been given specific permission by the speaker to ask a question or insert a point of clarification. Does everybody understand?”
Eoin, Jake, Brendan, Nell, Fergus and Ronan all nodded from their seats around the edges of the room.
“Very well,” Ariel said. “Toby, you start. Say your piece and pass it on.”
Toby took the shillelagh with a grin. He spoke eloquently about the important role that stocks have come to play in the world economy with the rise of the modern multinational corporation. 
“The wealthiest fraction of one percent now control about one third of the world's wealth, and that wealth is almost always tied to the investment industry. Members of this fraction of a percent are much more likely to have built their net worth from capital gains than from personally doing anything productive and this group has opportunities for making money that are not realistically available to everyone else.  Our whole modern set-up is designed to reward investors, not workers and not those who merely save. Don’t get me wrong, this emphasis on investing has advantages for everybody, but it also has distinct disadvantages for everyone but these very few. High frequency trading has been on my radar for a while because of its capability for pushing the advantages further in favor of these few select wealthy investors.”
“Clear cheating,” he continued, “such as insider trading, is banned the world over. However, Baldur has found a way to not only take advantage of this most lucrative slice of legally privileged trading, but he has found a way to cheat that has never been prohibited because most people don’t think that what he does is possible. It’s imperative that we prove otherwise and put a stop to the incredible rate at which he is quietly growing his wealth.”
Toby started to awkwardly hand the shillelagh to Cillian—then he thought of something else and pulled it back. 
“Not to mention that a young lady that we’re all fond of may well be in danger thanks to Baldur, and that is why my study of high volume high frequency traders is going to be released in two weeks. Here,” he said to Cillian as he handed the shillelagh over for real.
“I don’t know where to start,” Cillian said as he looked at the shillelagh bleakly.
“Ariel has given me a little advance info. You can do the short version,” Toby said. Then he caught himself. “Oops.”
“It’s okay,” Cillian chuckled. “Thanks for telling me. The short version it is.”
The other eight in the room listened to Cillian’s story of two disparate men seeing the same dark future and of the third man persuaded to help find an alternative. The newcomers to the story, Ronan, Fergus and Jake, had been warned by Ariel to expect bizarre revelations and to hold their questions, but Ronan couldn’t resist muttering to Fergus, “When she says weird, she means weird.” Ariel glared and pointed to the shillelagh.
Cillian had wanted to exclude at least Ronan and Fergus from this meeting, and possibly Jake, thinking once again that the fewer who were involved and in-the-know the better. Ariel had argued that each of the three held information that could be valuable. Jake knew specifics about Baldur’s company.  Mikkel was not attending, so Ronan and Fergus could offer perspective on his investing.
Now as Cillian described the plan to fund his various “save humanity” projects, he told of finding the niche of high frequency trading and funneling what he could in that direction while passing along as much money as he discretely could to Mikkel, who was able to invest with less scrutiny.  
Toby raised his hand and Cillian nodded. “So how did you find Baldur and figure out that you could follow his lead?”
“When we started to research HFT, we learned of d4 and we were impressed. So we turned to Ullow to get us set up and going,” Cillian said. “There was some plain old dumb luck involved, I admit. We have come so much further than we would have otherwise, riding on the coattails of the very man you are compelled to shut down.”
Toby started to talk, then stopped himself.
“Yes, yes we know that he has to be stopped eventually,” Cillian said. “He’s an asshole who would drain all the world’s resources for himself and not think twice about it. We certainly don’t want Ariel harmed, either. But what this all comes down to is us asking why you can’t give us just another year. There’s a tipping point, financially, and once we get past it, the Mars settlement will happen without any need for pushing our investment strategies into any more grey areas. Then you can lock Baldur up for cheating in the world’s largest casino, and as far as I’m concerned you can throw away the key.”
“There’s also a tipping point past which Baldur will control too much wealth to be stopped,” Toby answered, ignoring the talking stick protocol. Then he remembered and raised his hand. Cillian waved him on.
“I’m confused about something,” Toby said. “If Baldur’s advantage comes from seeing seconds to minutes ahead, how in the world are you people piggybacking on what he does? You can’t see what he sees.”
Eoin raised his hand at the same time that he started to talk. “It all has to go through Ullow hardware.” He turned to stare at Brendan. “Someone who is very good and has spare time on his hands must have found a way to send every single investment transaction Baldur makes straight on to Cillian and Mikkel.”
“I did,” Brendan said. “And I slept like a baby after I did it.”
“That’s why Mikkel needed every software enhancement that Baldur had,” Ronan shouted out like he had just discovered gold. “It made it easier for him to imitate Baldur if he had exactly the same enhancements.” Ariel cleared her throat pointedly and gestured to the stick.
“Right. Sorry,” Ronan added.
“You are correct,” Cillian said. “I’ve had Doyle watching me like a hawk, so I’ve been limited in how much I could do, but Mikkel managed to stay pretty well on top of things, snagging at least fifty percent of Baldur’s winning strategies while they were still in the money, and much of his success was due in part here to these two young blokes.” 
Ronan and Fergus both grinned. “Geez, we helped to save the world,” Fergus muttered. 
“I know, and I thought that we were just being snitches,” Ronan added.
Ariel cleared her throat again. Toby raised his hand.
“I still don’t get how you could get in place fast enough to mimic Baldur and his other people,” he said. “You had to know something about where they were and what they were doing and when any of them were likely to invest. I mean, you couldn’t be sitting by a computer all day every day, and you could hardly afford to imitate everything he did automatically without some human guidance.”
Nell stood up and walked to Cillian. She reached out her hand for the shillelagh. “May I?”
Cillian nodded and handed it to her.
“I was wondering why you were here,” Eoin remarked. 
Nell gave him a sugary-sweet smile back. “I was wondering the same about you.”
She took the stick and began to tell the group of Hulda, and how the woman had been recruited and persuaded two years ago by a fake fortune-teller she fancied to play the dangerous game of undercover asset. 
“Most of the people of Iceland felt royally ripped off by their own rich when the country itself went bankrupt in 2009. There is still a lot of anger—well, what passes for anger in Iceland. They are pretty calm people. Anyway, Hulda had no trouble helping an Irishwoman trying to bring Baldur down. She views him as a traitor to his own. She’s been more helpful than we ever asked, supplying us with just the kind of intel you talked about, Toby.”
“That’s a rather impressive piece of spy craft,” Toby remarked to the actress. Nell shrugged.
“It’s my problem that in the middle of it all, I learned to love her too, all the more for the risks she’s taken and the good that she’s done.” Nell raised her hands helplessly. “I can only hope that when she learns who I really am she’ll find a way to forgive me and maybe…” At this point the always composed Nell started to cry. The room full of men looked at each other in panic. Ariel rolled her eyes. She wasn’t particularly good at this either, but she stood up to offer Nell comfort when Jake stepped in and gave Nell a giant bear hug.
“Baldur’s an S.O.B. Nell, and I know so. Remember that I work for the man too. You did the right thing to risk so much to bring him down.” 
Nell nodded her appreciation and then laughed a little in embarrassment. “A good actress doesn’t lose it like that,” she said.
Cillian gently took the stick out of Nell’s hands. “It is my plan to do right by Hulda when this is all over, and to do right by you, Nell, too. You have both played a dangerous game well. Toby, you might take some comfort from knowing that we, too, have watched Baldur’s wealth grow and we haven’t been passive about it. Mikkel’s main focus has been his operation in North Greenland, of course, but his secondary focus has been to slow Baldur down by sucking away as much as he could of the man’s ill-gotten profits.”
“Okay,” Toby agreed, reaching for the shillelagh as he spoke. “I get that without you guys, Baldur would be well ahead of where he is now. His problem all along has been that his group tried to make their moves slowly, never taking too much at once so as not to draw attention. You two often sucked up the rest of the opportunity before he could get back to it. He must have assumed it was just the market adjusting, but in fact you slowed him down.”
“And we can slow him down even more,” Ronan offered eagerly. “Maybe enough so that you can wait before your study gets all kinds of legal people looking at him and then looking at us too.”
“We’ve done pretty well covering up our advantages,” Brendan remarked. “Any legal group is going to have a much a harder time pinning anything on the rest of us. Worst case we are guilty of spying on a competitor and copying his fraudulent strategies. How were we to know our competition was psychic? I mean, really?” 
“That sort of publicity would still make trouble for us,” Nell countered, reaching towards Toby to take back the shillelagh. He handed it over to her with obvious reluctance, but then Ariel waved her hands urgently and Nell passed the shillelagh on to her.
“Look at it this way. We caused our own problem,” Ariel said. “The very fact that this high frequency trading thing didn’t work out for Baldur quite as well as he expected, thanks to all the clever things you guys did to slow him down, is part of the reason he went looking for another, quicker approach. And it is why, once he figured out what I could do, he was so eager to see if he could use my talents to speed his own agenda along.”
“She’s right,” Eoin spoke up. “He virtually told me that. He—Ariel, I’m so sorry—he pretty much ordered me to get you on that boat that day, and then when you all had that freak accident he pretty much insisted I make sure that you showed up in Iceland. I probably shouldn’t have helped him as much as I did, but honestly you know how bad I need this job. I just thought that the man wanted a chance to seduce you. Nothing creepy, just a shot at it, you know. What was the harm?”
Ariel didn’t say anything. She wasn’t sure how much Eoin knew about what Baldur had really done to her, or who had told him what, but until she had more facts she was in no mood to be forgiving. 
“Okay, then maybe coming after Baldur right now for his HFT infractions only makes him desperate and more likely to hurt Ariel,” Toby said. Ariel nodded and handed him the shillelagh. “But if she helps him, he gets what he wants even faster.”
“Then why can’t we do it faster too?” Ariel asked. “I mean, I give Baldur what he wants for a few months, and you guys soak up all the extra you can get. You get to your tipping point way faster while you continue to slow him down. If you think you are actually going to get profits too big to hide, then find a way to send some of them on to the Red Cross or Doctor’s Without Borders or something.”
“I like that,” Cillian said, taking the shillelagh from Toby as a broad smile crossed his face in ways it did not often. “Why can’t we play with equity futures and options contracts, and do an even faster job of funding what we need, too? Toby and his group stay away from all of us not for a year but something less. If Ariel and Baldur make an effective enough team, we hit our tipping point even faster, and worst case we have to direct some money to doing some good in the here and now. Fund disaster relief and better soup kitchens and finding a cure for cancer. Whatever. It’s a great idea.”
He turned to Ariel, “We need to find a way to safely set you up as a barely coerced accomplice to Baldur, and then Jake and Brendan here need to find a way to use everything that you and Baldur do.” 
“Ronan and I can help fund disaster relief, too,” Fergus said. 
“Everyone is going to help with this one,” Eoin interjected. “Luckily the London office has always had very little clue about what goes on over here, so the five of us can make cutting into Baldur’s new profits our number one priority.”
“Six of us,” Ariel said.
Nell gave Ariel a hard look. “It’s a dangerous game you are going to be playing, and don’t pretend otherwise. It takes its toll. Don’t agree to this lightly.”
“I know,” Ariel said, “but there aren’t a lot of other good options, are there?” She added quietly. “The good news for me is that there is no chance that I’ll fall in love with Baldur and have to deal with the kind of consequences that you are. I’m so sorry for your situation, Nell.”
“It will be important that we stay a step ahead of Baldur. We need to know what he is thinking,” Brendan cautioned.
“I do talk to the man. I can help with that,” Jake said. 
“And me even more so,” Eoin added. He gave Ariel a weak smile. “You should know that you and I will be playing a dangerous game together. He still thinks he’s got me scared enough to own me, and I’m going to let him believe that. It will be penance for me, the least I can do.” 
“Okay, okay. You’ve convinced me. I can bury my study for a while,” Toby said with obvious regret. “I did such a great job of ramrodding it through, too. I will probably have to feed a little bit of the information from this meeting to those most closely involved with it, just to keep them from causing trouble. I promise that I’ll be very judicious about it.” 
Nell looked at Ariel carefully. “You don’t have much experience acting. You are going to have to convince yourself that you’ve agreed to help Baldur, that deep down you want to be the richest woman who has ever lived. Can you find that inside?”
“Of course. We’ve all got that in us,” Ariel shrugged. “I can pretend that part of me is growing stronger.”
“So what do we think is Baldur’s next move? I know him too well to think he’s just sitting around playing card games until those option expire,” Eoin said. “Is he still trying to get into your pants, Ariel? No offense here, but you might have to play along.”
“It sounds more like he’s trying to get Mikkel into her pants,” Nell giggled. “According to Hulda, he sent her flowers on Mikkel’s behalf.”
“Well, that makes no sense,” Eoin muttered.
“Sure it does,” Brendan said. “I’d say that he’s decided that his best bet is to have someone nearby to threaten. Someone Ariel cares about and yet who is in Baldur’s sphere of influence.”
“Okay,” Eoin rolled his eyes and turned back to Ariel. “No offense, but if that’s the case are you willing to play along and let Mikkel in your pants?”
For the first time during the meeting Ariel turned a shade of bright red, and Cillian, Nell and Brendan all looked away and said nothing.
“I’m meeting Mikkel in Oslo in a few weeks,” Ariel almost whispered it.
“Oh. Right,” Eoin said. “Well then, it sounds like we need to be looking out for Mikkel’s safety as well as yours. But at least we have a plan.”

******

One of the larger investments that Baldur made with the early expirations was to write a large number of puts on the Swiss oilfield supply company Weatherford International Ltd. Writing puts is basically betting that a stock price will be above a certain level on the day the puts expire. It means you like the stock, or at least you like it better then the person you are betting against. If you are right, you get to pocket the money you got paid for placing the bet to begin with. If you are wrong, you have to buy the stock for the agreed upon price, when you could be buying it for less, maybe much less, because the other person is in fact buying it for less and then selling it to you on expiration day for an instant profit.
Baldur had been watching the stock drop since August, and feared that Ariel had been wrong about this one. Then on Friday, September 21, the Swiss stock exchange announced that it was investigating Weatherford for breaking the rules governing disclosure of how much stock its executives were buying and selling. The company’s stock dropped even further, and at a minute before the market closed it remained low enough for Baldur to face substantial losses as he was forced to pay a high price for a poorly performing investment. Then, with only seconds left in the trading day, the stock price shot back up, with over 12.6 million shares being traded and Baldur’s impressive profits now safe. 
“There very well may have been a large order out there, but I can’t confirm that,” an analyst at Iberia Capital Partners LLC, was quoted as saying. “There have also been so many weird things going on with algorithm-driven trading that it’s almost impossible to tell exactly what may have happened.” 
Baldur didn’t care. Whatever had happened, it meant that Ariel’s abilities to predict an unexpected event could be considerably more impressive then he had thought.
 
 

 20. Autumn Begins

Ariel was headed home from the bus stop, annoyed to notice two guys following her. At least, they had mirrored every turn and loitered through every fake bit of window-shopping that she had tried. A plump, middle-aged Irish woman was doing much the same, only hanging back a little farther. Ariel was willing to bet that the latter was Nell, keeping her promise to watch over Ariel.
The two guys were probably in their late teens, skinny but tough-looking kids who seemed to be arguing with each other about what to do next. As Ariel turned onto the more deserted street that held her bleak little apartment, they began to follow her more closely. She wished that she still carried mace in her purse.
Damn, what was this about? Baldur had gotten what he needed for now, and no one else had any reason to wish her harm. Was it just her bad luck to be the random target of an upcoming robbery or assault? No. She’d have seen something that bad coming—she was sure of it. So had Baldur sent these guys to scare her? That very idea pissed her off. 
She’d spoke the truth when she told Mikkel that she wasn’t good at keeping to her assigned role in a cat and mouse game. Maybe it was time to change things up a little. She slowed down while she fumbled in her purse, carefully putting her keychain in her right fist and letting one key stick out between each pair of fingers. It wasn’t a formidable weapon, but if it appeared unexpectedly and was wielded with fury, it was a pair of makeshift claws that she was going to bet could do some damage to someone’s face.
As the young men caught up to her, she hunched forward in a fearful crouch that disguised the coiling motion her father had taught her years ago, when she had learned to play tennis against those bigger and stronger than she was. 
She waited until they were right behind her, then turned and sprang like an angry cat, gouging the keys in her right fist into the flesh of one thug’s face while he screamed in pain. The other grabbed her left arm to pull her away and she jerked free, pulling against his thumb like she had been taught, and then went for a knee hard into his groin. This time she landed it perfectly. 
As he screamed, she turned back to her first assailant, only to see the pudgy middle-aged woman clock him over the head with a huge purse that had to have been weighted with iron. As the first kid went down, the woman swung the purse like the weapon it was into the side of the face of the second boy, who was just starting to stand upright. He staggered backwards and fell to the ground. 
“Care for a cup of tea at my place?” Ariel asked the woman.
“Only if tea is all you’ve got,” Nell’s voice answered. The women started to walk away fast, leaving the two dazed guys unsure as to whether they should follow. One of them said something, the other nodded, and they got up and walked away instead.
“You have got to make some better friends,” Nell said as Ariel reached to unlock her door. She stopped. There was a note taped over the keyhole. 
“I let the florist in,” it said. Ariel thought it was signed by her landlord. Florist? Not again.
“Holy shit,” Nell said as they walked inside. There were flowers on the kitchen counter. There were flowers on the little blue wooden table. There were flowers on the coffee table, flowers by the bathroom sink, more by the bed, and there were even flowers on the floor. The place smelled like a hospital or a funeral home.
“This might be even creepier than getting attacked,” Nell muttered. 
Ariel saw a card poking out of the largest arrangement, the one that was all white and filling her little table. Can’t wait to see you again. Mikkel, it said in a florist’s neat scrawl.
“Whoa. That man is smitten with you.” Nell shook her head.
“No. That man is too smart, and probably too frugal, to have done this. And he heard all about how I don’t particularly like flowers when that last bunch showed up at my office.”
“So who do we know that sends flowers for Mikkel?”
“I’m so glad that Hulda finally told you that the last bunch was from Baldur,” Ariel said. “I can’t believe that he was dumb enough to do this again.”
“From Baldur’s point of view, he thinks it worked so well last time that this should really do the trick.”
“He’s an idiot. This day just keeps getting weirder,” Ariel complained. Her left wrist was starting to hurt and her right hand was swelling. No one had mentioned that even effective self-defense moves took their toll on the defender. “I think that I could find a wee bit of Irish whiskey to put into that tea,” she said in her best imitation of a Dubliner’s accent as she filled the kettle with water. 
“Could you now, lass,” Nell laughed back. Soon the two of them were sipping their own version of Irish Breakfast tea, which they much preferred to the original.

******

Siarnaq did not want to talk to Mikkel. He ignored messages, and he didn’t answer his phone. He had spent years working up to the level of hatred that he now felt, and he had finally reached the point that anything at all that would make Mikkel even partially sympathetic was a threat to Siarnaq’s worldview. He wanted no part of it.
However, Mikkel would not quit trying. The messages, left by every conceivable means, only got more urgent. “You need to hear what I have to say.” “The very thing you are trying to do is at risk. Please. Call me.” And so on.
Mikkel sent messages by phone, by mail, by dogsled and by computer. He left messages with the answering service in Nuuk, with every single one of Siarnaq’s family members, and with local leaders in every village in Greenland. After a couple of weeks of increasing curiosity and questions from everyone he encountered, Siarnaq realized that the only way to regain his privacy was to meet with Mikkel. The coercion made him even angrier, but he would do what needed to be done.
They scheduled an appointment through a family member, and Siarnaq found himself glaring at Mikkel from across a table in the very same restaurant where he had once discovered how wondrous Ariel and her touch could be. The memory of what he had lost made him even angrier at his cousin.
“Speak,” he said. 
Mikkel knew how firmly Siarnaq’s mind would be closed, at least at first. He’d had time to choose his words with care, and he was determined to use well the short time that Siarnaq would give him.
Siarnaq felt his mind open a sliver as he listened. So, his cousin did the bidding of another, an Irish man who saw the same future. The exact same future. Siarnaq felt some relief at discovering that he was not alone. This Irishman, who saw even further and knew even more, had cautioned Mikkel to let Siarnaq do what he must do without interfering. Siarnaq could accept that. Visions tended to work that way.
The rub came when Mikkel tried to explain that his own role did not interfere with Siarnaq’s plan. “That’s crazy,” Siarnaq declared. “You can’t put machines and computers and modern facilities up here and think that they’ll have no effect.”
Mikkel talked about the need for secrecy, spoke of the few Inuit who would be involved and the role they and their families had agreed to play in a bizarre bid for the survival of the species. “They interfere in no way. Cillian says that what you are doing is important, very important. What I do matters too. In the end, mine and yours will help each other, and that is possibly what will save us. You and I, we do not need to help each other now—in fact, it is better if we don’t even try. But we also need to not hurt each other.”
And so Siarnaq listened a little more, and for a little longer than he had planned. In the end he said words to Mikkel that he never thought he would say, “I’m sorry I misjudged you.”
Ariel had taught Siarnaq about the surprising relationship between touch and seeing the future. It wasn’t something Siarnaq would have discovered on his own, given that the people he touched had no part in the future that he saw. At least, no one had until now.
When he and Mikkel got up to say goodbye, having agreed to a truce, Siarnaq embraced his cousin, and he was surprised. As their skin touched, Siarnaq saw a possibility in which a mother was telling her child a story, and it was the tale of how long ago two cousins had helped save the world while working from the remotest reaches of the North. One led a movement amongst the local people while the other, a man named Mikkel Nygaard, had built something incredible in Greenland that had made the people and their land forever important. 
So his cousin spoke the truth. Someday, Mikkel Nygaard and his legacy might be famous here, if Siarnaq could now find a way to change course and keep Baldur from destroying what Mikkel was doing.

******

Toby knew that he had his work cut out for him. Many of the most active members of y1 considered themselves watchdogs for fairness in the world economy. Some were very rich, some merely well off, and others struggling, but they all shared one thing in common. They believed that the rules governing money should be fair. Hard work and creativity needed to be rewarded, and those who would cheat or steal under any guise needed to be stopped.
HFT had bothered many of them from the get-go. In a totally fair world, HFT brought no one any advantage. Make stock trades as fast as you like, the stocks themselves still go up or down and half the time they will not do what you predict. However, those with money and power had been able to insist that the various electronic exchanges implement obscure and difficult to understand trading protocols that would handle split-second trades in such a way that those using HFT would have a slight advantage. Slight was all it took, when you had enough money from the start.
Once the suspicious watchdogs of y1 had honed in on the groups that relied heavily on HFT, Baldur had risen to the top as a man enjoying an uncanny amount of luck within a system that was already rigged in his favor. A physicist in y1 had apparently dubbed the group as “after jerks” and a few others had picked up the name as well. As members of y1 learned more about Baldur, opinions varied widely on how he was managing to turn good odds into such great ones. However, no one thought that Baldur was playing on anything approaching a fair playing field, and everyone wanted to see him stopped.
It was probably why Toby’s quickly assembled ad hoc study had met with so much cooperation and such a sense of urgency. These folks had worked hard to get done what needed to be done. Now, Toby had to slow their pace back to a crawl while he gave another group the chance to do what they needed to do.
The complicating factor was that he couldn’t explain much of his true rationale to his colleagues. If he started talking about psychics predicting the end of the world, some or even most would doubt his sanity. A few would talk publically in spite of his requests. This wasn’t the kind of thing you wanted providing material for the opening comedy routines on late-night television.
Toby tried to focus on the arguments he could use. How about he couch it as another group was doing a more far-reaching analysis and they had approached him and asked—no, begged—that y1 back off for just six months or so. This group would take responsibility for cutting into d4’s profits sufficiently to ensure that Baldur did not become too big to stop. This group was equally devoted to helping humanity in its own way, and it was putting in place a sort of sting operation that would be far more damning than any academic study ever could be.  It was in everyone’s interest to give this group the time that they had asked for. 
Toby practiced it over and over in his head. He would personally go visit the other key members of y1 and deliver his message face-to-face. He would be fine, until each asked him the one question he would be unable to answer. “What is this other group?”
Secret, he would say. Very secret. The fine folks of y1 could then just conclude what they would. 

******

Cillian had another matter he needed to tend to before events spiraled out of control, and once he explained it to Brendan, Brendan understood. Siarnaq and Cillian had to meet.
They would have to persuade Mikkel to help, and it still wasn’t going to be easy. Siarnaq barely trusted Mikkel after their brief meeting of reconciliation. It was true that Siarnaq had studied at a trade school in Copenhagen when he was younger, and thanks to his schooling there, his English was passable. However, the prospect of a trip to Ireland at the behest of a man he had only recently stopped viewing as his sworn enemy was not going to garner instant enthusiasm.
“Make sure that Mikkel has told him what I can do,” Cillian said. “And Brendan, I’m not sure if Mikkel understands that Ariel once shared an intimate relationship with Siarnaq. Tread carefully there—it’s Ariel’s story to share with him, not ours. All you need to do is make sure that Mikkel tells Siarnaq that it is important that he and I meet and exchange our visions.”
“I don’t think Siarnaq will necessarily be open to the same kind of exchange with you,” Brendan said with seriousness in his voice. “Unless he has been very secretive about it, you’re not his type.” 
Cillian laughed. “I wasn’t suggesting sex. For two other men it might be possible, might even be the greatest joining together ever. But I don’t think either Siarnaq or I are wired that way. That doesn’t mean that we can’t touch, strip to our skivvies if we have to and embrace as brothers. Wait, I know. Have Mikkel tell Siarnaq that I said we are brothers, in a very real sense of the word, and that I wish to hug my brother, so that I might see what he sees. That should convey the message the best.”
“What do think you will find out by doing this that you haven’t already?”
Cillian took a deep breath. “Do you realize how many life-altering sacrifices I have asked and continue to ask of you and everyone else around me? So many that it is getting absurd. Were it not for Siarnaq, I would have been doubting myself long ago. Even knowing of him, I still doubt. I need to know what happened, I mean what does happen. I need to know what I’m fighting.”
“You’re hoping that touching Siarnaq, holding him and pressing your skin against his will let you see the missing pieces?” Brendan said.
“Of course I do. Face it, a year ago I didn’t know that there was an Ariel, much less what she could do if she combined her touch with others whose vision was similar to hers. I have only one such muse I can tap into that I know of, and that is Siarnaq, my closest psychic kin. If our touch doesn’t give answers to me, then maybe it will give them to him.”
Brendan understood. “We’d all like to know more,” he agreed.
“Sure you would. I’d be a fool not to try this and so would Siarnaq. Let Mikkel know how important it is that he convince his cousin to come here, and then let me know how he responds.”

Siarnaq was on a plane two days later. When he first agreed to come to Ireland, he had hoped that he could use this trip as a way to see Ariel also, and maybe smooth over their differences in person. But as soon as he saw his ticket he realized that he had been invited for a brief encounter only. Perhaps it was for the best that there was no time for a meeting with Ariel, he thought sadly. He had a purpose with Cillian that would need his full attention. Time with Ariel would have been complicated to arrange and might go even worse than their recent phone conversations. He sadly let go of the idea. 
The thought of physical closeness with a stranger, and with a man, had given him pause at first, but in the end Cillian’s reasoning was every bit as clear to Siarnaq as it had been to Cillian. This needed to happen. Brendan picked Siarnaq up at the airport and drove him to Cillian’s estate.
Views from the world over were available to Siarnaq every day on the internet, yet seeing something on a screen isn’t the same as being driven up a wide, rock-lined drive to an old Irish estate on a blustery autumn afternoon. The clouds were dark and heavy. The wind came in fast, strong bursts that warned of the storm to come.
In spite of the weather, Cillian had chosen to meet Siarnaq out at the gazebo, the best spot on the grounds for avoiding prying eyes. Cillian studied the mostly Inuit young man as he strode up the steps, determination in his every step.
He was taller, thinner and younger than Cillian had expected, with a head full of shiny straight black hair, worn longish, and a seriousness on his face. He took a look at Cillian and he nodded. Then he pulled off his jacket, lifted a sweater over his head and a t-shirt after it. His clothes hid strong muscles that were now apparent as he stood bare-chested in the cold wind and waited.
Cillian understood. Off came everything above the waist, while Brendan watched silently. As the breeze picked up and little pellets of rain began to fall, Siarnaq marched up to Cillian and wrapped his arms around the Irishman’s sturdy, freckled torso and held on tight. Cillian hesitated for a few seconds, and then responded in kind and his long arms held Siarnaq’s golden brown body against his.
The little roof of the gazebo provided scant protection from rain that was blown in harder and faster as the wind picked up in intensity, but the two men seemed oblivious to the storm. However Brendan was getting increasingly uncomfortable and was wondering just how long this exchange of information was going to take. Should he head indoors, dry off and wait for them, or should he keep watch?
He turned at a sound and saw one of the housekeepers huddled under an umbrella walking rapidly towards the gazebo. She held three more unopened umbrellas in her hand. “I brought you these,” she said, handing them to Brendan, averting her eyes from the other two men. She turned around and scurried back to the house with her head down.
 Siarnaq and Cillian broke apart, both recognizing the intrusion.
“Did you have enough time?” Brendan asked, concern in his voice.
“I think so,” Cillian said.
“I don’t want to see any more,” Siarnaq added.
“Good,” was all Brendan said as the three men hurried towards the main house in the rain. Doyle was standing at the window, still holding up his cell phone against the glass pane, apparently trying to get pictures through the water drops. He stared at the two shirtless men as they came in the door. One of the older maids, who had always been particularly kind to Cillian, met them with towels.
“Now this? Haven’t you broken your father’s heart enough?” Doyle muttered to them as he walked on by.
“You might want to do a wee bit of damage control with him,” the maid whispered to Cillian. “He’s such a prickly sort, as you well know, and he’s probably headed upstairs now to talk to your dad, who seems to be having one of his good days.”

******

Nell looked hard for an excuse for Murna to go to Reykjavik, but she finally had to go without one, telling Hulda truthfully that she needed the comfort of her lover’s arms. Although no harsh words had passed between the two women, Nell had recently picked up on less warmth in Hulda’s voice, less eye contact during their frequent video chats. She’d mentioned it to Cillian, and he thought it important that Nell’s creation, Murna, had best make the trip and reaffirm Hulda’s loyalty. 
Hulda cleared her calendar for the weekend and made Murna welcome in her home, but Nell could tell from the moment she arrived that something had changed. As the two women sat in Hulda’s small, sparsely furnished, yet very clean and cheery front room, they exchanged pleasantries, but they largely kept their distance from each other. Nell realized that she had been letting the West Ireland accent slip since her arrival, and her gestures and manners were becoming ever more those of Nell, and less those of Murna. Finally Hulda looked at her thoughtfully and asked, “Is this when you tell me who you really are?”
“I can’t yet,” Nell said. “I guess that this is when I tell you instead that I, the real me, loves you as well as Murna. No, loves you better than Murna ever could, and I beg you to believe that until I can prove it to you.”
There was a trace of sadness in Hulda’s smile. “Really? Because I’ve grown particularly fond of Murna over the past two years, and I’m not sure I’m inclined to be quite as taken with this other woman who sometimes occupies her body.”
“Her reasons for misleading you are excellent,” Nell said. ”How long have you known?”
“Suspected? From the beginning. Murna was a little too exotic, a little too perfect to be more than fantasy. Yet why resist? At first I merely enjoyed myself, then after a while I played along to find out why this fantasy had targeted me, a mere secretary. As my boss became more powerful, more distasteful, and his whole company more suspicious, what a fine surprise it was to discover that this fantasy wanted me to join in her story. She wanted me to play spy, to plant cameras and sneak information to bring down this loathsome boss. Why resist? It was that or quit in my disgust for Baldur, and this way I had a lover, I had an honorable purpose, and I had a job.” Hulda gave a satisfied shrug.
“Perhaps Murna underestimated how perceptive you are,” Nell said.
“Perhaps the imposter in Murna’s body overestimated her own acting skills,” Hulda replied, and Nell had to laugh.
“So is this where you tell me that you are tired of the charade and are breaking up with me?” Nell asked.
“No, this is when I insist on getting some answers.”
Nell thought for a few seconds. It was possible she was going to have to share more information with Hulda then she or Cillian had planned. “When did you go from suspicious to certain?” she asked.
“The day I called to tell Murna about the American girl and how Baldur had some strange desire to get this girl alone on his boat. When I shared my fears with Murna, I heard another woman answer. This woman knew Ariel, and she was too angry at Baldur and too fearful for her friend to remember to pretend. Since then, I’ve been sure that there are two of you, and the woman I do not know has a life in Dublin. So this is also the day that I ask you if you have feelings for this girl Ariel.” 
Nell let out a sigh of relief. “Is that what you’ve been worried about? My God, no.”
“She’s pretty, she’s smart, I could see how it could happen,” Hulda persisted.
“Well it hasn’t, because we’re both in love with somebody else,” Nell said. “Rather, there is a man that Ariel is falling in love with right now, and he is a good match for her and she for him. As for me, as I might have mentioned already, my heart is taken.”
Hulda didn’t look convinced. She and Nell eyed each other for a long minute until Nell sighed for a second time and make an executive decision.
“Come here,” Nell said, and she held her arms to Hulda. Hulda hesitated, then came and sat on the couch next to Nell, and let Nell wrap an arm around her shoulder and gently stroke her hair. Her body softened a little, and she scooted closer.
As the two women curled together, Nell began to talk. “This is so much bigger, and about so much more than an oddly gifted greedy man who threatens the wealth distribution in Iceland and the rest of Europe. Hulda, I’m part of something far more important, and I need you to understand that.”
“So tell me. What could possibly be so important?”
Nell started to talk. Finally speaking the truth felt so good that Nell went way beyond what she had originally intended. By the time that the night was halfway through, Hulda and Nell had no more secrets. Then Nell did her best to convince Hulda without words that Hulda was not only Murna’s one true love, but she was Nell’s as well.
 21. Autumn in Oslo

By Ariel was still looking forward to the weekend with Mikkel, but the truth was that the meeting in Dublin and all that had been discussed put something of a damper on her enthusiasm. The group had concluded that she would need to appear to play along with Baldur’s plans to push her and Mikkel together, and it was left to her to draw the line where she wished. Now she had to strike a balance between truth and discretion, and another line between her own desires and a hopeful outcome for everyone. 
Mikkel greeted her with a warm hug, and Ariel savored a quick premory of chocolate pudding enjoyed at some upcoming celebration. His mother’s chocolate pudding, made from scratch. 
“What do you see?” he asked, this time recognizing the look of concentration on her face.
“Nothing,” she shrugged. “Dessert. You do like your desserts.”
They flirted and talked as they made their way out of the airport and to the hotel. Finally, they were checked in, the bellhop was sent on his way, and suddenly it was awkward.
“We don’t know each other very well,” he said, thinking he understood her unexpected shyness.
“No, we don’t, and things have gotten so much more complicated since I played fortune-teller with you last time.”
“What do you mean?” he asked.
Ariel was not prone to deception, and so out came the story of the meeting between Cillian and Toby and the group’s consensus that the best plan was to play along with Baldur as he tried to push her and Mikkel together. If she appeared to be falling for Mikkel and then appeared to reluctantly agree to help Baldur on his behalf, everyone thought that Baldur would be less suspicious and that would make him easier to ultimately bring down. 
“So you’re not here to be with me? You’re here just to bait this creep?” Mikkel sounded disappointed.
“No, I’m here to do both. I mean being with you was my choice, my first choice. But now it’s like, I don’t know, I’ve agreed to do this because it made sense, and now I’ve got Baldur watching me, probably gloating that he can manipulate me into your arms. There are eight other people cheering us on, more than half of whom I work with, by the way, and something that was just kind of private and really nice between us suddenly makes me feel like I’m up there pole dancing for everyone or something. I don’t know how to explain it.”
“You explained it quite well,” he said matter-of-factly. “I don’t blame you. To be honest, Ariel, I kind of agree. This has turned bizarre. Let’s back up. Are you good with the group’s plan to allow yourself to be persuaded to help Baldur?”
Ariel nodded. “I helped create the plan. No one forced me into this.”
“Okay. I’m not as wild about it as the rest of you are—you should know that. I don’t mind you faking an interest in me…” Ariel started to object. Mikkel put up his hand. “Let me finish please. I don’t mind you faking an interest in me in order to further the demise of a man who needs to be stopped, but we both know that this puts you, and me too, in a certain amount of danger. Let’s not pretend otherwise.”
“I don’t think we have to get all dramatic about this,” Ariel countered.
“I think we do. Baldur is a potentially dangerous man playing for incredibly high stakes. You and I aren’t fools. We shouldn’t act like we are by letting ourselves develop feelings for each other right now.  You need to keep a clear head. So do I.”
“Well this sucks,” Ariel muttered.
“Hey, once your gang of eight decided that you and I were going to deceive Baldur, they dictated this.” He looked at her, puzzled. “What, you thought that we could have a little fun on the side, no harm no foul, and part way through the weekend you’d give me the good news that we were also fulfilling a greater agenda?”
She nodded numbly.
“Come on, we are both too smart for that. Hearts follow where bodies go. In some ways it’s more difficult if only one of us gets attached, because we still both have to keep up the charade. It’s more dangerous if we both develop feelings. You know I’m right.”
Ariel hadn’t given the situation such a cold and objective analysis, but she listened to Mikkel and got what he was trying to say. He was trying to look out for both of their safety. She sat on the corner of the bed feeling sad and defeated.
“It’s not all bad, Ariel. We still get to go sightseeing in Oslo and have a weekend get away. We need to be seen out doing things—we’ll have some fun.”
Of course they would, Ariel thought. Just not the kind of fun she had been hoping for.

They treated themselves to a dinner at a wonderful restaurant in an old town hall built in 1641. Ariel wondered if the shortsighted focus on the present, disproportionately common in the Americans, was an artifact of seldom encountering history more that a couple of hundred years old. She mentioned the idea to Mikkel and he agreed right away, laughing that she had stumbled on an observation shared by most of the rest of the world. 
They kept the conversation light and general, and by the time they got back to the hotel some of the awkwardness had subsided. Mikkel began looking around the room for an alternative to sharing the cozy double bed or sleeping on the floor. There wasn’t one.
“We can share the bed,” Ariel offered. “I promise I’ll behave this time.”
“Okay.” Mikkel got a more serious expression on his face. “I think I know just the mood killer to make sure that we both do.”
She gave him a puzzled look. “You’ve got a nasty communicable disease?”
He had to laugh. “Fortunately, no. But there is another painful conversation we were going to have sometime in the near future anyway, just probably not this weekend. I wanted the weekend to be great, but given how this has gone, we might as well have this talk now.”
“What are you talking about?” Ariel asked. Then her insides went icy cold. “You’re married.”
“No. I am not. What you need to know is that I don’t have a potential future with anyone, including you.”
“You’re dying?” Ariel felt awful. 
“Sorry. I’m not doing this very well. I’ve been so busy in my own world that I haven’t had the chance to explain this to many of the ladies. Ariel, I’m not just designing a permanent manned mission to Mars. I’m leading it.”
“What?”
I’m going. In 2018 I hope. It’s not like it’s tomorrow, but it’s also not like I ought to be making promises that I can’t keep, at least not for the rest of my life.”
“That’s insane. Do you want to go to Mars?”
“It is not insane, and yes I do. More than anything. The truth is that I’ve given my life to a cause, and I don’t decide anymore what I do or don’t have in my future. I willingly follow the whim, the vision, the premonitions of an Irish psychic who stares into space and decrees that this or that will or won’t keep my species from going quickly extinct. If something is going to help the cause, I do it. If it doesn’t matter, then I do what I want. And it turns out that my leading this mission is a huge factor, at least according to Cillian. So while I’m available as a boyfriend, a fling, whatever you want to call it, any relationship with me has an expiration date of a half-dozen years at best.”
“I might be okay with that,” Ariel said.
“You might be. But consider that I might have to send you packing well before we go into the quarantine period, to make sure that you don’t tempt me to stay, or break my heart when I have to go. You see, there are all kinds of nasty issues with knowing things about your own future, even when you don’t see them yourself.”
“Yeah.” Ariel stood up, walked over to Mikkel and embraced him in a bear hug. He stiffened, but he held still. Just as she expected, the premories of the beach vacation had receded into tiny fractions of a possibility, and she noticed that there weren’t near as many other pleasant moments for her to precall either. Just the damn chocolate pudding. Looked like dessert might be the highlight of Mikkel’s life for a while.

******

Cillian was staring out the window of the library on late Saturday afternoon when Nell walked in. It was a rainy day, every bit as gloomy as the day a week earlier when he and Siarnaq had engaged in one of the oddest embraces ever as they stood in the rain in a windswept gazebo. Cillian had hardly spoken to anyone since the encounter, and Nell was worried.
“You have to talk to someone,” she insisted. “It doesn’t have to be me. Hell, find a therapist or a priest or even a bartender who will just think that you are crazy. It doesn’t matter who, but find someone Cillian. I mean it, as your friend.”
“Can’t afford to be crazy,” Cillian said, and Nell noticed that his words were a little slurred. “My dad has Doyle working on disinheriting me and removing me from this house. Who’d have thought I could be a drunk womanizer who gambled our fortune away and still get forgiveness, but catch me even half naked holding another man and that has crossed the line into sin.”
“You have got to be kidding,” Nell said.
Cillian shrugged. “My dad, if he truly became responsive enough to make these wishes known, probably still thinks I am penniless without him. Doyle knows better, but he doesn’t know the full extent of what I have stashed away, much less what kind of fortune Mikkel and I have made.”
“You think Doyle might be faking your dad’s wishes?” Nell asked.
Cillian shrugged again. “Doesn’t matter, does it? I’ll walk away with the plenty that I’ve got. I’ll be happy enough to lose all these damn people tending to me all the time, that’s for sure.”
“Have you tried to talk to your dad?” Nell asked.
“Of course. That’s the first thing I did. The man won’t look at me and won’t respond to me, not even the little bit that he used to. So who knows? Maybe he did come to.”
“And did you try to explain to Doyle? Not that you should have to.”
“No,” Cillian said. “I didn’t and I shouldn’t have to. What exactly would I say to him, anyway?”
He poured himself another whiskey and poured one for Nell as well. She took it and they each sipped in silence.
“You know what pisses me off the most?” he asked. “The end is so stupid. No alien invasion, no asteroid. Not even a computer rebellion, or climate change disaster, or nuclear war. It’s nothing poetic, nothing we bring on ourselves, nothing we can avoid. It’s just stupid.” 
Nell took another slow sip and said nothing. Cillian didn’t either. Finally she had to ask. “Now that you know more, can’t you pass this on? Warn Mrs. O’Leary that her cow is going to kick over the lantern and burn down Chicago, so to speak? I know—you’ve told me how doing that kind of thing starts another whole timeline that might be worse and all that shit, but then at least one timeline is better off, right?”
“No,” Cillian barked. Then, more softly, “No, there is no Mrs. O’Leary to warn. The stupidity comes from a creature that isn’t human, isn’t mammal, has no brain.”
Now Nell was looking at him quizzically.  
“It’s a life form that does not exist. I mean it doesn’t exist now—it evolves later. It comes out of the virus family, like we came from primates. It’s much like us, actually, in that it quickly becomes far more complex and capable than its ancestors. Just a little experiment of nature, one more new idea to try as life keeps reshuffling the deck. Only this approach is a particularly bad idea. Some of them are.”
“How can a creature without a brain be stupid?” Nell asked.
“Because it turns out to kill off the very hosts that give it life. Once it gets going, it is highly contagious. It kills fast and keeps killing off everything it needs to live until it goes extinct. It ends up having one of the briefest stints of any species on this planet, managing only months of existence. It’s truly pathetic.”
“Do we bring it on somehow? Experiments gone awry, biological warfare run amok?”
“No,” Cillian said. “It comes tearing out of nowhere all by itself. There would be some justice at least, if we did it, and then, yes, we could warn somebody. But that’s not what happens. This little fooker is just plain going to evolve. The process will start sometime within a period of several thousands of its ancestors’ lifetimes, which is to say within a few-week period, and it has nothing at all to do with us. It simply gets its time to be, and for whatever reason that time is early in the year 2352.”
“How bad is it?” Nell asked.
“It likes primates in particular, although it probably becomes sophisticated enough to eventually attack all mammals, and it has what would normally be considered a one-hundred percent kill rate. In reality it kills over nine-thousand nine-hundred and ninety-nine creatures out of every ten-thousand it infects. It destroys everything it needs to survive and does so at an alarming rate. It is hard to imagine that nature, which is normally so clever, could successfully design such a complex and capable, yet short-sighted, creature.”
Nell could do the math in her head. The city of Dublin had about half a million people. “That leaves fifty people alive in Dublin,” she said in hushed voice.
“It’s a little worse than that. More like thirty.”
This time Nell poured them both another whiskey. They sipped this one slowly, in silence.
“It might not be so deadly,” Cillian finally said, “except that its one evolutionary advantage is an unusually long incubation period. It lays dormant for over two weeks before the symptoms start. That allows it to spread almost everywhere and to almost every mammalian life form remaining on Earth. Draconian travel restrictions are put in place, but they come far too late. In the end, only extremely isolated regions survive. And by the year 2352 there aren’t many of those left. A few island atolls in the middle of the Pacific—if we get global warming back under control. A few monasteries left up in the Himalayas, maybe. And northern Greenland, of course. A few more.”
Nell understood. “After that it’s just a numbers game. Die off in a few hundred years or turn the tide and start to grow again as a species.”
Cillian nodded. “You’ve got it. It’s a tough road. I’ve been racking my brain all week trying to think of ideas. Perhaps I could fund more medical research on communicative diseases.  Maybe I could try to convince humanity to plan ahead to institute some kind of travel quarantine that year. Honestly though, I can’t see a future in which I’ve been listened to.”
“You don’t need people to believe you, Cillian. You just need to keep doing what you’ve been doing. Chipping away at those awful odds every way you can come up with. There is no better idea.”
“I suppose not.” Cillian savored the last few drops of his whiskey. “I will keep trying—of course I will.  I’m just sad that it looks like I’m going to have to do it somewhere other than here.” He gestured around the rich dark wood and the leather-bound volumes in the study. “This is my home. I wish I’d appreciated it more.”

******

Siarnaq had been doing his part to smooth away Mikkel’s problems, at least the ones that he had played any role in creating. Some were easier to remedy than others, and truthfully he had not hurried as much as he might have after he and Mikkel had met in the diner in Nuuk. His mind accepted that his cousin was no threat, but in his heart there was still a small sense of betrayal that had not melted away entirely. Because he was a man of his word, however, he worked slowly at putting things right. 
Then he had agreed to the trip to Dublin. What an experience. After his strange encounter with the Irish prophet and all the horrible visions it had brought them both, Siarnaq was filled with a new sense of urgency. He had to do anything he could, anything at all, to help anyone who was doing anything to make this likely future right. Baldur had not contacted Siarnaq in more than a month now, so perhaps the strange Icelander who saw seconds ahead had moved on to other schemes for making money that didn’t involve Mikkel. Siarnaq hoped so.
Siarnaq was visiting family in Nuuk and surprised to finally receive an email from Baldur. It was vague, polite and Siarnaq’s best-case scenario.
“I regret disappointing you, but a change in business strategy has made it impossible for me to continue with our arrangement regarding your cousin and his endeavors. Please consider our collaboration as over. I hope that your efforts to protect the natural way of life in Northern Greenland continue successfully.”
Well wasn’t that convenient? Siarnaq typed Baldur back a friendly note telling of a surprising recent family reconciliation resulting in his own change of heart. He now considered his cousin Carl Mikkel to be only a harmless zealot who was causing no real damage. Siarnaq added that he was equally glad to learn that Baldur was focusing his attentions elsewhere and he wished Baldur and his money-hoarding all the best.
Siarnaq stared at the screen for a minute more after he sent the message. With Baldur on to other matters and he and Carl Mikkel reconciled, what prevented him from reaching back out to Ariel now? Things were already so much simpler than when he had traveled to Ireland a couple of weeks ago. She could choose to remain miffed at the choices he had once made, but, then again, she might not.
“Hello Ariel,” he typed tentatively. “I hope this finds you well…”

******

Ariel had been back at her desk in Dublin for over a week, trying to carry on with normal life as best she could.  She saw that an email had come in to her personal account. Siarnaq. Now that was a surprise. 
He was in Nuuk, and he wanted her to know that he and Baldur had gone their separate ways and that her client Mikkel was now safe from any interference from anyone. She wondered for a guilty minute what Siarnaq would think of her own new partnership with Baldur, the man she had once chastised Siarnaq for contacting. Matters had gotten so much more complicated in the last few weeks, and her life bore such little resemblance to how it had been during the wonderful times that she and Siarnaq had spent together months ago.
Siarnaq explained in his email that he now knew the purpose of what Mikkel was doing, and that Mikkel knew of Siarnaq’s purpose as well. Ariel had heard through Nell that the meeting between the two cousins had been cordial enough and that they had agreed to stay out of each other’s way from now on. Of course, Siarnaq did not know of her recent intimacy with Mikkel, and frankly that was none of Siarnaq’s business.  
Mikkel knew that there had once been something brief between her and Siarnaq, and Ariel realized that he’d never questioned her about it, and she’d never offered any further information. Well, once again, it wasn’t any of Mikkel’s business either.
But they were cousins. Childhood friends. Sworn enemies for a while as adults. And now, they were co-conspirators of sorts in a complex mission to nudge humanity’s chances of survival upward—a conspiracy in which Ariel also played a part. 
She’d slept with both of them. She’d enjoyed each very much and under the right circumstances she’d sleep with either one of them again. So to say that what she did wasn’t anyone’s business was to ignore a lot of facts.  
Mikkel and she had agreed to keep their distance privately, while they pretended to be lovers. He was going to be over here in Dublin on Friday, and had already invited her out to dinner as part of their little show. Ariel was pretty sure that in spite of his wise intentions, deep down he wished that the two of them could have more.
Meanwhile, Siarnaq had just invited her to come visit him if she was interested and able. Probably he was hoping for more than dinner and conversation, too. How to respond? What to do? How had this turned so damned complicated?
“Ariel.”  It was Fergus, or maybe it was Ronan. Damnit, she thought that the one with the pointier chin was Fergus but she wasn’t positive. It didn’t matter right now. She could hear the urgency in his voice. 
“There you are. When did you get here? We’ve got Eoin on the phone and we’re all in the conference room. We need you now.”
  
 22. Autumn in Reykjavik

Jake seemed to be leading the discussion as she and Fergus walked in, and Ariel was impressed with the math that Jake was trying to explain. His wide body blocked most of the white board on which he was writing, but he had two other white boards in the room full of equations and there were spreadsheets open on three different laptops on the conference room table.
“I work with this stuff for fun,” Jake said to Ariel, a slight sheepish tone in his voice. “It’s how I was able to be so sure, way back when, that Baldur was beating the system.” He shrugged. “This is my idea of entertainment.”
“What is this?” Ariel stared at the equations on the board. She was no slouch at math, but this stuff would have made most humans dizzy. 
“Black-Scholes calculations on the time value of the expiring October options that Baldur selected back in July thanks to your help. Here, I’ve input the strike price, stock price, days left to expiration, volatility and a risk-free interest rate for all of them. They can guide our decisions as to what we imitate this week, what we sell now, and what we ignore. We need to do some things differently than Baldur. If you could offer any further guidance…”
Ariel shook her head. “I don’t normally get any kind of premory about the stock market, or even about current events, really. And I don’t see anything in the few-day time frame that you are asking about.” Something puzzled her. “How do you get so much info on what he is doing?”
Brendan walked in the room, cables and cords in his hand. “That’s what I do best. If it goes through any machine anywhere that I have access to—forget hacking into it. That can be traced. The hardware doesn’t talk like the software does.”
Ronan, or the one with the wider eyes who Ariel thought was Ronan, added, “Baldur’s got a mole in his organization, too, you know. Hulda gets word to us about exactly what is going on whenever she can. She plants a camera in the room, sometimes, if she thinks she can get away with it.”
“The key here,” Eoin chimed in on the speakerphone, “is that Baldur makes enough money this week to consider his collaboration with Ariel a success. He’s trying to stay below the radar with regulatory agencies and with the press, and after Friday we need to find ways to see that his self-imposed restraint works better than he planned. As he tweaks the variables every month, the combined take by all of his convoluted shell companies and fake investors has to never add up to as much as he hoped, but always be close enough that he keeps trying.”
The person Ariel thought was Fergus nodded. “Mikkel says if we do this optimally, it will only take a few months before he crosses his tipping point, after which he only needs normal investing to make sure that Mars happens. We can let the wolves loose on Baldur after that.”

******

Baldur knew enough about financial history to appreciate the irony that October 19, 1987 was known as Black Monday, the day of the single largest drop in the Dow Jones ever up until that time. Of course the Great Depression had its own Black Thursday on October 24, 1929, and of course modern markets had seen worse one-day declines thirteen times now since that historic drop in 1987. For reasons no one had ever adequately explained to him, an unusual amount of volatility was centered on the month of October.
In two days it would be Friday, October 19, and Baldur’s options would for all intents and purposes expire at the end of the trading day. Some were purchased on the London Stock Exchange, a few from Asian markets, and most were out of New York, which of course closed five hours later than London. Many had turned out to be the good investments that Baldur would have expected and might have made himself with no help from Ariel. Others had appeared to be poor choices initially, and yet the tide had turned his way gradually over the last few weeks. These gave him hope that Ariel brought something of use to the party. However, quite a few more investments, and some of the highest dollar ones, still looked like poor choices as of this morning. He had to consider that Ariel’s prescience regarding the Weatherford stock price recovery had been a lucky fluke after all.
The next morning when Baldur arrived at the office, he asked Hulda to see to it that he had food but otherwise remained undisturbed for the entire day and evening, and for all of Friday as well.
“Doing some serious trading today and tomorrow?” she asked politely.
“No, just some very important data-gathering. No one—I mean no one—is to walk through this door before Monday. Do you understand?”
“Of course. You have my word of honor that you will not be disturbed.”
Baldur snorted. “Hulda. I mean no offense here, but it is my observation that in general women do not have a sense of honor.”
Hulda decided that she was offended, whether Baldur had intended her to be or not. 
“What I meant to say,” he corrected himself, “is that a woman’s honor generally consists of her willingness to keep men’s paws off of her. It’s not the same thing as a man’s sense of honor, which by its very nature involves more lofty concepts.”
“What you describe,” Hulda replied “is a man’s definition of a woman’s honor.”
“Really?” Baldur seemed surprised.
“Really. Women know much better. Honor has nothing to do with who you do or don’t sleep with, and I’ve hardly ever met a woman silly enough to think that it did. It also has damn little to do with who or how you fight or how often you win, and I’ve met far too many men too silly to realize that.”
Baldur considered for a minute. “Cleopatra. Helen of Troy. Salome. Guinevere. I think a simple study of history proves that women have no sense of honor.”
“A study of history suggest that a few women do not. It also suggests that quite a few men don’t either.”
“Yes, but history is also full of honorable men. Where are the comparable women?” he asked.
“Not mentioned in history at all,” Hulda answered. “There is cliff in Bulgaria where forty women braided their hair together and jumped into the ocean to keep the Ottomans from invading their village. If forty men had done something like that that they’d still be making movies about it.”
“Maybe,” Baldur conceded “but that’s a single story.”
 “Did you know that back on September 11 it was a U.S. female fighter pilot who took to the air to ram her plane into a hijacked one just keep more people from getting killed?  Do you have any idea how many more stories like this I could tell you?” 
“No, no I don’t. However, I don’t have time today to find out,” Baldur said.
“So how about you agree that women are at least as prone as men to sacrifice their own well-being and even their lives for the safety of others? That, by the way, is what honor is all about for both genders. Not screwing or fighting.”
Baldur looked at Hulda like he had just met her. Then he shook his head in disbelief as he closed his office door.
He settled in with his coffee, put his newly argumentative receptionist out of his mind and watched with fascination as the market began to respond to world news. Yesterday, a Mexico City-based telecommunications company had announced that it would begin to offer high-speed internet service without binding it with a phone line package. Ariel had called that response perfectly.  The decision increased the company’s Chairman and Chief Executive’s net worth from a healthy $77.6 billion to an even healthier $79.4 billion. While Baldur didn’t net anywhere near as much as $1.8 billion himself off of the decision, the profit that Ariel’s precognition about this event did yield his various shell companies was in the tens of millions, and that would do. 
Next, General Electric, McDonald’s and Microsoft stock all dropped when they reported perfectly fine profits that were less than Wall Street expected, and Baldur smiled as Ariel’s bets against the three successful companies brought him more money. 
The real clincher didn’t happen until late in the day, however, when Google stock nose-dived eleven percent when its third-quarter results were accidently released ahead of schedule due to a human blunder. Sadly for the well known company, it had only reported a revenue of $11.3 billion for the quarter, and not the $11.8 billion that analysts had been expecting. The two founders of Google saw their personal fortunes drop a combined $3.2 billion because of that little shortfall. Baldur however, with his hand on the trigger, managed to make over $100 million in aggregate before trading of Google stock was halted on NASDAQ.
He slept in his office that night, waking a few times to follow the investments on the Tokyo and Hong Kong exchanges, and then rose early to check in on the other European stock markets. By the end of the day almost every option that Ariel had guided him to buy had moved in his favor. In fact, a quick calculation gave her an incredible success rate of over ninety-five percent.
He noted from the Bloomberg report that the 100 richest people on the planet had managed to add $12.7 billion to their collective net worth during the past five days, even while those corporate earnings that were below expectations in the U.S. wiped out most of the gains for average investors everywhere. It was so good to have the means and the knowledge to play the game well. 
Baldur studied his chart of the 100 wealthiest humans on Earth. He wasn’t listed of course, and he was doing his very best to keep it that way. Let the press focus on those who headed large well-known conglomerates or had come into this world far wealthier than most. Baldur had no desire to explain his success to anyone. So some of his worth was hidden here, some was hidden there, and it would stay that way until he could be very sure that he was too big to be critically scrutinized.
The next item was making sure that his income continued. He no longer needed to worry that Ariel’s successes were flukes, which meant that he needed to be putting something in place that would ensure her cooperation. He was confident that if he could only force her to go along with him for a little while, she could be won over. 
It was fun to be wealthy, after all, and given a little time, growing those bank account numbers became something of a game. Ariel had a competitive streak. Once she saw how easy it was, how much fun it was, and how nice life could be, she wasn’t going to walk away from it. Not easily.
The trick was that initial cooperation. Was her affection for Mikkel strong enough for Baldur to play that card? He still thought it was his best bet. Time to contact her, and reassure her that he was merely a reasonable man proposing a sensible arrangement. 

******

Friday after work, Ariel greeted Mikkel with a business-like demeanor and no touch, as separate cabs let each of them off outside of the trendy Dublin restaurant she had picked for their performance.
“Not very convincing,” he muttered as they moved to the sidewalk together. “This would be better.”
He placed his hand firmly behind her head to hold her still and then gave her a deep kiss that spoke of longing and days of separation. She tried to back away at first, and then realized that of course the man was right. She kissed back with equal ardor.
“Much better,” he smiled. “Now, we look like two lovers about to have dinner.”
Something else bothered her, along with the odd unwanted emotions stirred up by the kiss itself. “I didn’t see any thing when we kissed,” she said, surprised. 
“Maybe you were too distracted,” he suggested as they made their way through the Friday night crowd to the hostess stand. 
“Don’t flatter yourself,” she whispered back, and he grinned.
By the time they were seated they had both relaxed a little, and Ariel realized that she was enjoying herself. They kept the conversation light and vague, and they held hands as they lingered over liquor and dessert. Ariel suspected that Mikkel hated to see their outward show of affection end and she had to agree that it was pleasant pretending to be falling in love. 
“Ready to go check out late-night television at the hotel?” she asked finally, because it looked like he was never going to sign the credit card receipt that the waiter was hovering nearby hoping to collect.
“Sure.” He put on his best business face. “Of course.”
The nice room had two double beds, and Ariel placed her little travel bag on one, then joined him, sitting cross-legged on his bed. She picked up the remote. 
He scooted next to her to offer her one of the two little chocolates the turndown crew had placed on his pillow. Well, there was no need to be rude to the man. She smiled and took the chocolate, and as she touched his hand for just a second she was back on the beach in a hammock with him naked, and oh my god how had that premory got there, because in it she was truly having the time of her life. 
The Mikkel on the hotel bed was looking at her puzzled as she crawled onto his lap, and the kiss they had started on the sidewalk hours ago continued as though three hours of dinner had never gotten in the way. Soon the hammock memory vanished as the real Ariel enjoyed the real now. Mikkel not only did not offer a single objection, but one would have to agree that before very long at all he was an active participant as well. 
They lay together in silence afterwards for a long while, neither wanting to break the spell. Ariel could only guess at what Mikkel was thinking, but she suspected it had something to do with how great this was and how they shouldn’t let this wonderful moment happen again. For her part, she was baffled but impressed at the wide variety of quick premories floating through her head. Every one of them seemed to involve superb to incredible sex over the next several months. She giggled inside. This was a new use of her abilities and one that she wished she’d found a lot earlier. Then she stopped. Every occurrence, every single one, was with Mikkel. Wasn’t that odd? Then, she knew.
“Damn you.” 
She stood up, and the second time that she said it she yelled it at him. “Damn you!”
“Hey, you started it, not me.” He was instantly defensive.
“Of course I did. I don’t mean that,” she corrected him quickly. “I mean damn you because I am not going to Mars.”
“Of course you’re not,” he barked back. “It will be a small, carefully selected group. The standards will have to be incredibly high.  I doubt you would even qualify. Besides, you have no interest in going.” And then he got it too.
“Oh this is so wrong. No Ariel, I am not trying to rope you into my dream. You have free will. I want you to have free will.  I’m not asking you to go to Mars. I’m not ever going to ask you to go to Mars.”
He was genuinely upset and Ariel appreciated it. 
“I know you’re not. But it makes sense, doesn’t it? I come to Dublin and Cillian starts getting far-off vibes of a better future. What can I do that matters? I thought I was going to make a difference by bringing down Baldur. That made sense, but I’m not sure that is the whole story. You and I had a fun weekend together and our favorite prophet saw humanity’s chances of survival go up.  We laughed it off then, but Mikkel, part of this is about us. We roll around together, things look better. I bet you can call Cillian now and he can’t explain why but his giant crystal ball in the sky suddenly shows that everything has improved again.”
Mikkel reached for his phone. 
“Don’t you dare,” Ariel said.  
“Why would you matter so much?” Mikkel was thinking aloud, she realized, and she forced herself to take no offense at the question.
“Maybe having someone along who sees ahead into the future has a positive effect on a small outpost’s chances of survival? Here on Earth there is so much input and so much junk I care about that I hardly ever get anything useful. I can see how that would be different there.”
“I don’t know what to say,” Mikkel responded. “I don’t even know how I feel about this. I do know that I sure as hell don’t want to add to your issues, and frankly I don’t need you adding to mine.”
“Okay then, short term problems first,” Ariel said. “Let’s put a stop to Baldur. He is more than capable of adding to the world’s misery in the present and of mucking up your and Cillian’s best plans. Do you think we can get through the next couple of months doing just that, and keeping our focus off the long range?”
Mikkel nodded. “I could definitely support deferring this issue.” He gestured to the pillow next to him. “So… how do you want to leave things while we deal with the short term?”
Ariel sighed and moved over to the other empty bed. “I’m not taking a vow of chastity here or anything, but for the rest of tonight I could do without all the sensual images I get every time I touch you. Okay?”
“Sure.” He smiled. “Sensual images, huh? Don’t want those to keep you awake.”
She smiled back at him from her own bed before she turned away and tried to fall asleep. 

Mikkel left on Saturday as planned, and Sunday morning there was a soft knock on Ariel’s door. She thought of Donald, her mother’s friend who had shown up months before to persuade her to make a trip to India. It wouldn’t be Donald, of course, but someone sent by Baldur. She’d seen this possible future emerge and become more likely, and was sad to know that it was one that would come to pass.
But, the options had expired. Ariel had paid some attention to the flickering stock information running through her brain that day in Iceland, and remembered the two men muttering to each other about how betting against Google was a bad idea. Baldur had overridden them, insisting they invest heavily in this, perhaps her most controversial recommendation.
Jake and the others had been following Google like hounds ever since, and when Google stock plummeted late Thursday there was a ring of familiarity to the story that she could not escape. So she had probably made Baldur a fortune, and now he didn’t want to wait any longer to make more. 
So be it. The plan was taking shape and she would play her part.
She had a thought. “Just a minute,” she yelled to whomever was knocking, as she quickly opened the old email from her mother. Looked like mom knew a good dozen or so telepaths in Western Europe. Ariel pasted their names in the “To:” column and added Jake and Brendan to the “cc:” list. They’d be baffled, but they’d work with her and get word to the others.
The knock came again, a little louder. She typed as fast as she could.
“I will be in Reykjavik, my safety is in question. Check on me. My mom knows more.”
Send, close browser, turn off laptop. This was going to scare her mom but it couldn’t be helped.
“Coming,” she yelled.
The very nice man at the door identified himself as a limo driver, there to take her to Baldur’s private jet, which was waiting.
“Let me just grab a few things.” 
Once she boarded the plane, Ariel put her earbuds in and turned up her music. The last thing she wanted was to make polite conversation. She treated herself to every snack in the well stocked little jet, but forced herself to avoid the alcohol, tempting though it was. She needed to stay sharp. 
A courteous co-pilot checked on her twice, but otherwise left her alone. She laughed aloud when Metric’s song about insatiable greed, “Gold Guns Girls,” came on and wished she had a set of speakers with her so that she could blast the song out for the whole plane to hear.
Another polite driver met her on the other end. She wondered if she was going to a hotel in Reykjavik or to Baldur’s house. The answer was neither.
“Welcome.” 
Ulfur, Baldur’s lawyer and expert question deflector, greeted her as though she was an old friend come to visit, as the driver carried her bag through the front door. Ulfur’s wife was close behind him, ready to show Ariel to her room. So this was how it was going to be? She was the guest of a friendly middle-aged couple whose very presence made it clear that she need not fear unwanted physical advances. On a quiet residential street, she wouldn’t be able to come and go as though she were in a hotel. Ulfur’s wife had already assured her that the internet worked well, so she wasn’t being held in secret, although Ariel was willing to bet any message she sent would be monitored. 
“Baldur will see you tomorrow at the office. Your driver will be here at nine to take you over. Would you like a little something to eat before you go to bed?”
They couldn’t have been more pleasant, but for once Ariel wasn’t hungry. Alone in her room, she pulled on the sweat clothes she had started sleeping in again as the nights got colder. She took a few minutes to run her hands over the bed, the dresser, and her own things hoping for a premory that might be of some use, but it was the usual nonsense of irrelevant events from weeks ahead. She was starting to think that the ability to precall the next few hours or days would have been so much more helpful. Maybe that was why no one seemed to have it.
After she crawled under the covers, she sent quick bland emails about an unexpected trip to Iceland to her folks, to her boss Eoin, and to co-workers Jake and Brendan. They would all figure out what was happening. Then she shut her computer back off, put it under her pillow and tried to sleep.

******

Hulda didn’t look Ariel in the eye the next morning, and Ariel wondered just how much the woman knew. Perhaps the role she played as frosty gatekeeper was getting harder to maintain under the circumstances? She showed Ariel into Baldur’s office and left.
Once the door was closed, Baldur tried to give her what he must have considered to be his warmest smile. 
“Our relationship has changed,” he offered. “I am no longer your client, at least not first and foremost and certainly not for much longer. I propose a business partnership that I insist you consider very carefully.”
“The Google tip worked out very well, didn’t it?” she said.
He nodded. “As did having a sense of the less-than-stellar earnings of three other big companies, not to mention the Mexican telecommunication intel. All around quite impressive. And all it took was an hour of your time.”
“I don’t want to play the stock market, I don’t want to risk being in violation of any SEC rules, and I don’t want to go into partnership with you,” she told him. It was easy to say with feeling.
“I know,” Baldur smiled. “But I have an additional incentive to offer you. You have a new boyfriend, no?”
“I don’t think I’d call him my boyfriend, but yes I am in the early stages of a relationship.” Ariel tried to appear evasive, even though she knew quite well that Baldur knew whom she was talking about.
“Yes. With one of your other clients. Naughty girl.” Baldur seemed to find this amusing. “But this can stay our little secret. You must know something about what your new boyfriend is doing with the millions he is making by following in my footsteps?”
Ariel rolled her eyes and tried to look annoyed. “He has some silly dream about designing a permanent settlement on Mars. The time and money he spends on it is ridiculous.”
“Yes, that must annoy you no end. He could be buying you lavish gifts. Instead, he’s having to put so much extra time into this project because the poor man keeps running into problems. Materials, labor—if anything can go wrong, it does. You do have the power to make most of his problems go away, you know, because I have the power to do so.”
Ariel tried for her best look of surprise mixed with a little outrage. “You’re causing Mikkel’s problems? Why?”
Baldur shrugged. “It started out because he got on my nerves. Always imitating my update requests. And then I found out how much he was making doing it. Investing is a zero sum game. Some win, some lose. In order to do business quietly, I have to put up with all the usual folks getting close to their normal share, but I sure as hell don’t need to let another newcomer in to take any more of my pie.”
“I see.” Ariel didn’t have to work hard to make her voice cold.
“But that is all about to change. Given what you and I can do together, we’ve got whole new pies to go after. Lots of pies. I can afford to let Mikkel have his share, and a lack of troubles too, if that pleases my new business partner.”
“Are you planning to tie me to a table again?” she asked.
“I told you that I was sorry about that. I needed answers. You wouldn’t give them to me. There will be no need for anything so barbaric in the future.”
“What exactly are you proposing?” She wanted a bit of eagerness in her voice, but she was surprised at how genuine it felt and sounded.
“A day of your time, every month. Come over for lunch, and allow me unlimited access to your skin for the duration of the trading day. If I’m not rushed, I won’t need others from d4 to participate, so I can guarantee that there will be no awkward invasions of your privacy or other, perhaps more lecherous, men involved. In fact, as long as you are cooperating, you will be treated with all the respect you deserve.”
“I want a cut of it.” Ariel surprised herself with the demand, but of course it was a reasonable one.
“I’m willing to allow your boyfriend—” he said the word pointedly—“a certain amount of leeway in copying my investments, as long as he becomes less greedy than he has been lately. I am aware that Ullow can monitor my trades. I do use all their equipment. Surely they are smart enough to find a way. I could replace everything I’ve bought from them, and I could even turn to another company for software and support. I will if I have to—don’t think for a minute that I won’t—but I’d much rather reach a civilized agreement with you.”
“What do you consider civilized?”
He smiled at the question. “You may personally profit as well, of course, as long as what you and your boyfriend make together does not exceed one percent of what I am making.”
“One percent is nothing!” 
“One percent of the kind of money I intend to make is far from nothing,” he corrected her. “My understanding is that you have very little knowledge about or interest in stocks yourself. You’ve never seen events that could help you invest, have you?”
“I’ve never tried,” she answered.
“Let me assure you that is far less easy than it sounds. That’s how all the dumb money gets sucked in. Even with a strong background in how the market deals with events, which is sometimes counter-intuitive, and with excellent foresight such as you can provide, it is still not an easy system to navigate. If you are thinking of trying this on your own, let me assure you that your learning curve will be long and expensive. Meanwhile, on your own you also lack my quick insights to the short-term fluctuations that turn out to be quite useful even when investing in something more mid-range like options. Ariel, one percent of what I’m going to make is way better than one-hundred percent of what you and Mikkel can do on your own. Consider carefully.”
Ariel did, or at least she gave the best appearance of doing so that she could manage, given that her decision was already made.
“A day every month. No creepy behavior of any kind by anyone. One percent of your profits. Things up in Greenland encounter very few problems point forward, at least none that you are involved with. We have a deal,” she said.
“Yes, well, there’s not a legal document in the world that can enforce this arrangement, but luckily we are both better off adhering to it,” Baldur said.
“Agreed. I trust your driver will take me back to the airport now.” Ariel was all business.
“Good heavens, no,” he said. “Today is the first day you owe me, and I need you until the New York markets close at eight-thirty tonight. There’s a comfortable couch for you to lie on, and I’ve taken the liberty of having Hulda purchase a swimsuit for you. I’m sorry it’s so skimpy, but I’ve established that the contact between us remains better if I can move my hands around frequently. I’ll be watching the screen closely, and I can’t afford to miss a crucial trade because I accidently put my hand on your clothing and lose touch with you.”
“Okay.” She guessed that she should have expected this, and it was probably why Hulda hadn’t looked her in the eye. “Is it okay if I read a book or something while you work? Maybe even take a nap?”
A pained expression barely crossed his face, and Ariel realized that she had just found his weakness.
“Unfortunately you need to be awake. I won’t lie to you—it does work better when you are paying attention. I’ll be talking aloud about what I’m doing, much the way my two colleagues and I talked last time. I’ll probably also run an investor’s news program in the background while we work. You should do your best to try to keep the stock market on your mind while we do this. More profits for me means more profits for you.”
She had to hide her a smile. This was such good news. He didn’t just need her exposed flesh, he also needed her to pay attention, and to care about what he was trying to do. That was a whole different kind of power she had now, wasn’t it? She couldn’t wait to tell the others.

When Ariel got home from Reykjavik early Tuesday afternoon she realized how utterly exhausted she was. She knew that she had done well for Baldur, this time paying much more attention to the stocks under consideration. With her greater concentration, and no distractions from the other men, the constructive interference from their abilities had been even stronger. Ariel was pretty certain that Baldur had also put substantially more money on the line.
She sent a quick email to everyone who might care, assuring them that she was home safe and in no mood to talk and would be at work the next morning. Everyone respected her request, at least through that night. Ariel was in bed before 6 p.m. and slept until the alarm went off the next morning.
Mikkel was the first to call the next day, and he caught her just as she emerged from the shower. He was worried about her. She let herself describe the trip to Iceland to him, and Mikkel had the sense not to overreact to her story, but also to show concern for her. It was a fine line, Ariel thought, and he managed it perfectly.
He wanted to let her know that more than one sticky problem had resolved itself already at his plant in Northern Greenland. He was concerned that nothing might have been put in place yet to mimic and profit from the investments she and Baldur had just made, so would she please get with Ronan and Fergus as soon as she got to the office and see what she could do? And by the way, he thought that they should plan another weekend together in a couple of weeks, just, you know, to keep the show going. Maybe London?
Ariel didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. Mikkel might not realize it yet, but she could tell that he was becoming emotionally involved in spite of his resolve. Ariel knew the symptoms. 
As she hung up the phone, she wondered if she felt the same way back. She didn’t think so. Frankly, five or six years was a long time, far longer than any relationship she’d ever had. Still, knowing something had to end did put a damper on it. She’d hoped for marriage and kids maybe, down the road someday—no hurry. It wasn’t her primary criteria for dating now, that was for sure, but knowing it was impossible changed things. 
So did knowing that if a relationship went well, really too well, she could find herself going somewhere permanently that she absolutely did not want to go. She liked nightlife and cities. She liked the wind and the sky and the whole beautiful planet teeming with life. 
She’d told Mikkel that she would not think about this right now, she reminded herself, and she was trying hard not to. But putting on her mascara forced her to look straight into her own eye in the mirror. Could she, Ariel Zeitman, potentially screw matters up for the whole human race just by having the life she wanted? Talk about a buzz kill. 
She felt a little sad as she drove into the office, and slipped quietly into her cube unnoticed. She sipped on the rest of the coffee in her travel mug as she dealt with the emails from Zane, Nell, her mother and Eoin who was home sick again and just wanted to check in and make sure she was safe in every way.

23. In the Heart of Autumn

Ariel had ignored the email from Siarnaq for too long and tonight she was resolved to respond. This was going to be tough. Beneath her anger at his alliance with Baldur, she felt genuine affection for the man and appreciation for what he was trying to do. She’d waded into enough murky waters with Cillian and his cause to be less inclined to cast stones at anyone trying to do right in this mess.
On the other hand, her life was complicated, and Siarnaq only offered more complications. She had neither the means nor the time to run off to Greenland and take comfort in his arms. She might be developing affection for his cousin, and that was another whole problem. Best to end anything that even resembled romance, and offer Siarnaq her friendship from afar and that was that.
She crafted the best response she could, and sent it off in hopes that it conveyed sufficient warmth and yet an equally sufficient desire to close the door firmly on what they had once shared.
Siarnaq responded within an hour. “When you did not answer me after several days, I did not expect to ever hear from you again,” he began. “I found out why. Families talk. Imagine how sad I was to learn only a few days ago that my cousin, who I have only recently reconciled with, has been seeing a red-haired American girl who lives in Ireland and works with the computers for his investment company. Did you start a romance with him just to spite me? My dear Ariel, I did not realize that I had hurt you so badly.”
Oh Siarnaq, Ariel thought. What I did with Mikkel had nothing at all to do with you. But of course in Siarnaq’s mind it did. Then she wondered. Who had Mikkel talked to in his family, and why? Knowing Mikkel, she guessed it had happened innocently, with Mikkel trying to deflect one more unwanted round of questions about his love life. “I’m seeing a woman from the Irish investment company. I travel there a lot. It’s off and on again.” Something like that, so easy for him to have said, not thinking about Ariel and Siarnaq’s history.
Siarnaq ended his email: “I cannot believe that we have grown so far from each other, not after the intensity of what we once shared. We need to talk, we need to touch. I have learned much about what lies ahead and I could use the comfort of your arms. Please find a way to come to Greenland.”  
Well that didn’t work so well, Ariel muttered to herself. She curled up on her bed and let a few tears of self-pity start to fall. Then the premory came. A likely one, high probability. Siarnaq was hugging her, wishing her well, and she had a sense that things were good between them. It was just a flash, and she couldn’t premember much. But it felt important, so she wiped away the tears, grabbed her laptop and opened her calendar for November. The first weekend was open, but it was in only a week and a half. Eoin was giving her an unusual amount of leeway. Could she possibly work out a business trip to Nuuk? 

******

When Cillian invited the six employees of Ullow out to his house for a business dinner, no one thought it was going to be about business. The cold dark nights of mid-Autumn made any outdoors gathering out of the question, but Ariel was surprised to see a lovely table set-up in the main dining room, a peat fireplace lit, candles glowing and a full bar in plain view.
“We can visit inside?” Ariel asked Cillian as a friendly maid took her coat.
“We’re going to,” Cillian replied. “American-style Halloween isn’t celebrated so much here in Ireland, but it is important as the pagan Samhain and as the Catholic Eve of All Soul’s night. I’ve given most of the staff tonight and tomorrow off, to celebrate as they see fit. Kaitlin here,” he gestured to the maid, “is tending to all of our needs, and she’s already well acquainted with much of my situation.”
Eoin, Ronan, Fergus and Jake had gathered around Cillian as he answered Ariel’s question, equally curious. Something had changed for Cillian that they all wanted to understand.
“I’ll get to the point soon enough,” he promised everyone. “Get yourself a drink and have a seat.”
After a few minutes of shuffling around, Ariel found herself seated between Brendan and the young man she had decided definitely was Fergus. She held a whisky and soda in her hand. 
“Isn’t this a gorgeous house, Fergus?” she said to be friendly.
“It is, but I’m Ronan,” he replied amiably. “Don’t worry, everyone confuses us all the time. I’m the one whose chin is a little sharper, you know?”
“Right. Thanks. I’ll remember that.”
Cillian stood up to speak and all other conversation came to a halt.
“Doyle recently started legal proceedings to remove me from this house, claiming that he is acting in my father’s wishes,” Cillian began. There was a bit of muttering as the Ullow group exchanged looks that ranged from puzzled to knowing. “My father has become even more catatonic over the last two weeks, and Doyle does have his power of attorney. My lawyers are advising me that this could turn into a protracted legal battle that will likely not end well for me. As you all know, I don’t need to find myself back in the public eye, now of all times. So yesterday I agreed to vacate the premises by the end of November. This is, in essence, a farewell party to this lovely house.” 
Nell shook her head in disbelief and Brendan said “No!”, leaving Ariel to conclude that this last piece of news must have come as a surprise to all. 
Cillian went on. “Doyle agreed to give me a month to conclude my affairs and make other living arrangements.” He smiled a little at some of the objections that came from the group. “Please. I’ve used my own generous salary and allowances to fund my projects and those funds are available to me personally, so I’m hardly going to be homeless on the street. A few of the household staff have even indicated that they would consider relocating with me, so I’m not even going to have to learn to cook immediately.” He smiled. “I’m going to be fine.” He said the last bit as though he was trying to convince himself more than anyone else.
“In some ways, you’ve all become family to me over the past few months as we’ve shared our secrets, and I wanted to tell you all this in person and share a toast. That’s all.” 
Cillian raised his glass. “My friends are the best friends, loyal, willing and able. Now let’s get to drinking! All glasses off the table! Sláinte.”
The group laughed appreciatively and drank, but the questions were far from over. As the soup was served, those who did not know already were told about Siarnaq’s visit two weeks ago, and of the embrace that had brought more detailed visions to both men.
“I can see no harm in sharing with you four what Siarnaq and I both learned. I suggest discretion with the information, of course. I’ve seen no future in which public knowledge helps the situation, and several in which it causes worse. Plus, you make your own life less pleasant if people think of you as a nut job.” 
He turned to Ariel. “The Irish have a saying that there’s nothing so bad that it couldn’t be worse. I’m afraid what I am about to tell you may test that theory.”
The group listened quietly as Cillian began to speak of the rapid evolution of a tiny, short-lived new life form that would render most species of mammals extinct and create the struggle for survival that had haunted his visions, and those of Siarnaq as well. These visions had forced each man down a path to try to avert the worst of what he saw.
“Our efforts help,” Cillian assured his friends. “I’ve seen no way to keep this critter from evolving, but there are ways in which far less people have to die. There are paths that provide a much better world for those who do survive. I’ve seen, I’ve sensed the odds of these improvements inch upwards even in a short time as both Siarnaq and I are now able to better understand what it is we are doing. Yes, of course, I’m looking into new ideas. And yes, of course, I’ll listen to every great approach that each of you has no doubt thought of while I’ve been telling you this. But later. Given that this is a party, and given the unforeseen twist to my personal situation, I’d like to move the focus tonight to enjoying ourselves. Any business that gets discussed should center on the more upbeat topics of how to build the biggest nest egg before common sense dictates that Baldur must be stopped.”
“Many of us can give updates on that,” Brendan offered. He turned first to Ariel.  
Ariel told those she hadn’t yet spoken with of her quasi-abduction to Iceland, and the lack of harm that had come to her as Baldur proposed a working relationship. 
“His proposal is basically extortion,” she shrugged, and she explained that Baldur was promising to ensure that her boyfriend’s space project didn’t “catch on fire” as long as his girlfriend provided one day a month of “financial consulting” to d4 and as long as she and Mikkel never made more than one percent of what Baldur made from the “consultation.”
“That is excellent!” Brendan couldn’t contain his enthusiasm.
“I didn’t think that one percent was nearly enough,” Ariel said.
“You don’t understand,” Brendan added. “Baldur is hiding his income all over the place, and we are having trouble tracking just how much the man is now worth. He may not tell you about everything he has tucked away, but in order to hold you to one percent, he’s going to have to come clean with you about a good bit of the money he makes so that you can calculate your take. Expect him to cheat of course, but if you pay attention, you may be able to learn more while you’re there.”
“Wait. That’s the other good news.” With everything else that was going on, Ariel had forgotten that Cillian and Nell didn’t know the best part. “This mind-melding of visions thing seems to only work for Baldur if we’re both conscious and engaged in what is happening. He doesn’t just need me there, he needs me to be mentally involved.”
“This keeps getting better,” Jake said. “Now he has to treat you reasonably well, and keep you in the know.” 
“Which brings me to the news of exactly what Baldur does have in mind for Ariel sooner or later,” Eoin said. “As some of you know, Baldur is in the habit of viewing me as his pet, and he falls easily into his old behavior. He may not play well with others, but he likes boasting to them. He’s called me three times this past week to brag about how well he is doing.”
“So that’s why you’re always on the phone when I try to talk to you,” Ronan said.
“Yeah, well, yesterday I got to listen to a rather embarrassing recitation of Ariel’s’ various charms, physical and mental, and hear how Baldur was considering, just considering mind you, requiring that she break up with her space boyfriend in a few months in order to clear the way for her to realize what a team she and he would make. He did refer to you two as a team, Ariel—that is something.”
“It’s not like Baldur to take on a partner,” Jake said. “I’m pretty sure that he would never have trained the rest of d4 if he thought he could have done this alone. He needed their cash and their skills to get started, but now that he’s up and going he’s doing his best to move them all into the background. Since he’s found Ariel, he is going to need them less and less. I wonder what his plans are for them? It wouldn’t surprise me if those plans are not what they are expecting.”  
“That is a good point,” Eoin said. “Baldur reminded me that he wouldn’t be needing Ullow or be doing any high frequency trading once this option investing with Ariel was firmly in place, and he told me that I needed to be thinking about my own future. He was feeling quite magnanimous. He said that d4 would dissolve, once he got done cleaning up the regulations. I assume he thinks that he will be able to put laws in place that will ensure that his old colleagues no longer have any kind of advantage.”
“It does beat killing them all,” Brendan said.
“It’s less messy for Baldur,” Jake pointed out. “Plus it means he doesn’t have to play whack-a-mole every time someone who can see a few seconds ahead figures out they can use their gift to play the stock market. Regulations are more efficient. He got to bend the rules to make his, and now he closes the door behind him to ensure that no one else can do the same.”
“So what does he have in mind for me?” Ariel was having trouble sitting calmly through this discussion. 
“I got the idea that he is thinking he’s going to marry you eventually,” Eoin said. “He thinks that his wealth is going to make him irresistible to anyone, including you, and he’ll sort of make you his queen, so to speak, and the two of you will happily run the world. I’m sure he expects you to be no trouble at all, which of course shows how very little he really knows you.” Eoin gave her a friendly wink.
“Oh for christsakes,” Ariel muttered. 
“Have you seen any futures for yourself with Baldur?” Cillian asked. “It’s okay if you have. All possibilities are out there.”
Ariel nodded. “I know that. There is always odd stuff on the fringes of probability.” She shrugged to the group. “Don’t get alarmed but I’ve seen flashes of aliens landing in New York and clones of Hitler rising to power when I’ve let myself go far enough. That’s why I generally avoid the edges, they’re disturbing and ridiculously unlikely. However, I do check the less fringy fringe. So while mostly I just see me cooperating with Baldur again in late November, I should tell you that I’ve seen him kill me.  I’ve seen me kill him. I’ve seen me lose myself and become just what he wants. None of that’s likely, but it’s all there.”
Cillian nodded in understanding. “Don’t let Ariel’s honesty disturb you,” he told the group. “What she just described is how real prescience works.” He asked Ariel to call him if she saw any of the more disturbing scenarios increase in likelihood.
Then he turned to Nell, and asked her to give an update. She spoke in vague terms about her last visit with Hulda, assuring the others that their inside asset remained loyal. 
“She’d figured out more than we expected,” Nell said, adding that Hulda was now a little more informed than Nell had intended. Ariel noticed Nell glancing at Cillian apologetically while she talked, and Ariel guessed that Nell had revealed more to Hulda than Cillian had wanted. Perhaps she had told Hulda far more than she should have.
 “No harm’s been done,” Brendan told the group firmly, defending both of the women. “Hulda can be trusted.”
“We do owe Hulda a safe exit when this is over, somewhere Baldur’s anger cannot follow,” Cillian said, and Ariel noticed the relief on Nell’s face and hoped, for her friend’s sake, that the safe place would be somewhere near Nell.
Brendan and Jake updated the group on their various strategies for selecting which and how many of Baldur’s trades to copy. Besides Mikkel’s account, there was now a tiny one that Ariel had opened for herself that Fergus and Ronan would manage. It was expected that Baldur could and would find ways to monitor them, and a lack of activity would be suspicious. They needed to appear to be doing what Baldur expected, no more and no less.
Brendan and Jake had been hard at work setting up hundreds of additional accounts the world over and funding each inconspicuously. The goal was to grow each quickly and in secret, amassing the tipping point money Mikkel had decided was possible to acquire by early 2013. When it looked like they might still fall short only because they couldn’t create enough places to hide the funds, Ronan and Fergus had received field training and moved into the shadowy world of hiding wealth as well.
“Once the January 2013 options expire,” Fergus said with confidence, “we will consolidate and legitimatize most of these accounts, and then we’ll give Toby’s group the go-ahead. At that point Mikkel and Cillian should be able to continue to do what they need to do without any connection to Baldur. Some of Toby’s information will be slightly outdated by then, but Baldur’s infractions with HFT should be no less compelling for having happened several months ago. By the time various government agencies also find his options activity suspicious, we hope to have clean, secure places for Mikkel and Cillian to keep their entire purses.”
“It’s a bit of a dangerous game,” Cillian said. “Ariel, do you get anything helpful?”
She shook her head. “Not about money, I don’t. I get a flash of Mikkel in maybe a couple of months, feeling happy about how much he has stashed, sort of knowing it’s good enough. Better than even odds it happens, actually, but that’s all I premember about it. I’ll tell you if I can precall more later.”
“Okay then.” Cillian gave a sad smile. “Brandy in front of the fire. Peat of course. Toasts are in order.”
Once they were seated, Eoin raised his glass first. “This is one of my favorites: ‘May your home always be too small to hold all your friends.’ Looking around, Cillian, I have to say that I don’t think the problem here is that you need any more friends.”
Their host laughed in appreciation. “I agree. Seven good true friends are more than any man has a right to ask for. Thank you Eoin. I get your toast and it is wise. I do need a smaller house.”
With that, the liquor went down smoothly and the toasts flowed freely into the wee hours of the night.

“I have unfinished business,” Ariel told Eoin as she marched into his office the next morning. “I need to go to Nuuk.”
“Really?” Eoin said. “There is some reason why Mikkel can’t come here?”
“This isn’t about Mikkel. This is about Siarnaq, Mikkel’s cousin, the other man who sees the future like Cillian does. He needs to talk to me.”
“You?” Eoin rolled his eyes. “Could you please close the door?” Ariel complied and Eoin gestured for her to have a seat.
“How do you come to know Siarnaq, Cillian’s other seer, and why in the world does he need to visit with you?”
“He needs to touch me, Eoin, not visit with me. We’ve, uh, touched before. You could do me a favor and keep that in this room but the fact is that Siarnaq and I can do some variation of what Siarnaq and Cillian did. In fact, I’m the reason that Cillian thought of trying it. Touch is different for us—I can’t explain why—but it’s a way to learn, a way to see beyond our normal frequencies.”
“God bless us all, I must have gone totally crazy,” Eoin said. “You’re not only making sense to me, I even believe you. So, you want me to send you off to Nuuk in the dead of winter so you can hug an Eskimo and learn more about what’s in store for us?”
“No one says Eskimo any more,” Ariel pointed out gently.
“Whatever. Can you write me up any sort of plausible business reason?”
“Of course I can,” Ariel said cheerfully. “We all know that the shit is going to hit the fan in this office soon. Your signing off on a trip like this is going to be the least of anybody’s problems.”
“I believe that too,” Eoin said. “So go, do whatever it is you need to do. Don’t give me details. Then I won’t have to worry about not passing them along to others.  Hurry back. Even I can see the shit storm coming.”

The only way to get from Dublin to Nuuk once summer was over was to first fly to Oslo, then on to Reykjavik, the last city on Earth that Ariel wanted to visit. Worse yet, her flight landed on time at both of her first two destinations, only to strand her in Iceland due to weather.
She fretted and dozed at the Reykjavik airport for more than five hours before her small plane finally took off into a cloud-filled night, with pockets of slightly warmer air causing it to bounce around mercilessly. Ariel turned on her trusty music, only to find herself listening to the old indie song “Love like Winter” by the San Francisco group AFI. It was good music, but it made her shiver in her seat as she held on tight to her armrest. She forced herself to search for a happy future premory, anything that would assure her that she would be alive in a week or two and need not worry.
Some of the far fringes returned nothing but blackness, and Ariel realized with a sinking feeling that those were futures in which she had ceased to exist. Very faint, unlikely, but planes did go down in the icy waters of the North Atlantic, and if you considered everything, then that future without her was there.
She quickly sought out the far more likely. She saw herself helping Baldur in a few weeks, feeding him what he needed to put his own plans in place. Odds were that it would go as expected and that was good. Wait. There was a whole family of futures in which Baldur and she were arguing as he tried to work. She felt her own anger that he knew. Knew what? Indignation. She would never. Never what?
The plane gave a particularly strong lurch and Ariel seriously thought about trying to locate an airsickness bag. Did they still make those?
She saw a smaller subset of futures branch off from the unknown argument, and in those Cillian came charging into Baldur’s workroom. Cillian? He never went anywhere. What was he doing in Iceland? The plane lurched again and Ariel rose several inches out of her seat and concentrated on reciting multiplication tables in her head instead. If she got to Nuuk the next minute it wouldn’t be soon enough. By the time the plane hit the runway the premories she had been considering had faded like the memory of a bad dream, leaving her with a vague befuddled feeling.
The Siarnaq who met her plane seemed older. He gave her a long hug through his parka and hers, with all the insulation between them sufficient to buffer any exchange they might have had on a summer day. She had learned that his home was in Ilulissat, but he had relatives in Nuuk and normally stayed with them when he was in town. Not this time though, and he preferred not to go to the hotel. A friend of a friend had offered them his small apartment on the edge of town for the night, and that would have to do.
As they drove away from the town’s lights, the aurora borealis began to put on a show. Often an undulating green curtain, tonight the northern lights reached high into the sky with the greens fading into blues, purples, pinks and reds and the curtain movements slowly giving way to what looked like multicolored feathered wings filling the sky. Siarnaq smiled as Ariel stared out the car window with her mouth open, and he reached across the front seat and put his gloved hand over hers.
Once they found the friend’s place, they stood together in the cold and watched the show until Ariel began to shiver. Inside the apartment, the scenery quickly deteriorated. Unfortunately, the friend of a friend did not excel at cleanliness, and as the two of them eyed each other awkwardly in the filthy little apartment, Siarnaq had to laugh.
“All the times I imagined a reunion with you, sunset hair, it never involved somebody so incapable of using a broom and dustpan.”
“It’s okay. You couldn’t have known.” Ariel shrugged. “I’ve missed you. I wish things had gone differently between us.”
“Me too,” he said honestly, meaning it with all of his heart. “Maybe we can close our eyes and pretend we are still outside,” he offered. 
She nodded, and they sat together on the couch, just holding each other and remembering nature’s incredible show.
The premories did not come for a while, maybe because her own emotions of the day were too strong, leaving her unwilling to give her consciousness over to those who would not be born for many generations. Finally, her thoughts stilled, and she began to see the world through the eyes of the others that made up Siarnaq’s premories of things to come.
She watched their lives, felt their loves, cried their tears. Many lived before 2352 and some after. For those whose lives came after, there did seem to be more happiness involved this time around, she thought. She didn’t have Cillian’s knack for putting a number on it, but surely that was a sign that things continued to go in the right direction. 
He seemed lost in her world, and several times he stroked her hair and mumbled things to her in a language she did not understand. They fell asleep that way, half-dressed and holding each other, lost in other lives.
When she woke up he was gone, and there was a pot of fresh coffee and a note.
“A bigger storm is coming. I’ve arranged a cab for you and moved your flights. You need to go. Fly safe, sunset hair, and stay safe in the winds ahead.”
Oh. So this was all that was going to pass between them? Ariel was surprised at how disappointed she felt, but she had no desire to be stranded here or, worse yet, stuck in transit trying to get home. How like Siarnaq to help her out like this.
As she made her way to the airport, she worked to recall the scenes she had witnessed the night before in his arms. Was there anything in there that could be of any use at all? She didn’t think so. Unless Siarnaq had seen something helpful as he moved into her wavelengths, this trip had been nothing but a chance to see an incredible light show, and a slightly pleasant waste of time.
 24. Autumn in London

Hulda had been so careful at first, and yet when she started to help Murna, she had not been scared. Nervous maybe. It was true that if Baldur had caught her looking at documents she had no business handling or checking his schedule with no need, he could have become annoyed or even suspicious. At worst he would have fired her, and that would have been unpleasant but no worse. For the first year or so, no one could prove that she was guilty of more than being a nosy employee who talked too much to her new friend. 
Then Murna had started to teach her about using the tiny cameras and recording devices. They would be so much more help to the men who were trying to bring Baldur down. Hulda had been more nervous when she first hid them, turned them on, and passed their contents along. This might be illegal, and even if not, certainly no company in Reykjavik would hire a woman accused of using such against her employer. Murna had insisted this was important, begged Hulda to help, and after a while Hulda had given it a tentative try.
She was a basically honest woman, and was therefore surprised to discover the extent to which the devious could mislead those who did not suspect them. She’d earned Baldur’s trust early on; he’d researched her past and watched her performance at work and correctly concluded that she was industrious, reliable and not particularly ambitious. Exactly what he wanted in a personal assistant.
It was an artifact of Baldur’s vanity that it never occurred to him that someone like Hulda could change. He never imagined that she could learn to dislike him and what he believed so much that she would do things of which her own friends and family would swear she was not capable. She had learned, and it had become easier with time. Murna had coaxed her, lead her along, and finally pushed her over the edge into living a full-fledged lie at work by telling her that in truth Baldur used an evil bit of sorcery himself to gain an advantage over the unsuspecting.
At first Hulda had balked at this last idea. It was true that she loved her aura readings and her tarot cards, and she did have a fondness for crystals and astrology. It was all a bit of sparkly fun, and she hoped that there was a little truth buried in the entertainment. The idea of a bit of magic in this world appealed to Hulda, and, at the very least, it didn’t hurt a soul. It was a surprising leap from all that, however, to accepting that her boss had actual psychic powers and had trained himself to make money off of them in the stock market. There was nothing iffy about this claim. Real powers, real stock, real money.
Hulda didn’t know that much about investing, but she had a decent brain and figured she could learn anything if she had to. All one had to do was open a modest little account with most online firms in order to access the massive amount of free information that they offered. The more Hulda learned, the more she decided that Murna was right. Baldur used a form of sorcery, and he was getting rich beyond belief by doing so.
This knowledge had made Hulda more scared of Baldur, of course, but also had made her angrier at him. Once Murna convinced her that the man’s powers lie only in the next few seconds, Hulda became more likely to talk back to him, and to argue when he sent demeaning comments her way. She knew she shouldn’t, but she just couldn’t help herself.  
Hulda knew that Murna had come to her in disguise, and she understood. She had not questioned that need, not until she had contacted Murna, her Irish girlfriend, with worry for a young woman working for Baldur in Ireland. The conversation made it apparent to Hulda that Murna knew the people in Dublin that Baldur worked with. How did she know them? That was when Hulda had become worried that she was the one who was being played, for reasons that she could not imagine.
Watch what you ask for, she cautioned herself. She had expected Murna to lie to her, or to ignore her, or at best to explain why Hulda was being tricked. Instead Murna had become Nell, and she had let Hulda see who she really was—an Irish woman playing a dangerous game. Nell’s goal wasn’t to bring Baldur down as much as it was to help friends of her own who saw a dire and distant future. Baldur was a means of funding their goals, and Baldur’s financial plans were a threat that had to be kept from getting out of control lest he destroy what they were trying to do. 
So. Hulda had not been tricked, not really. She was just a more insignificant pawn than she had thought, in a much bigger game than she had realized. Nell, the real Murna, loved her and had trusted her with secrets no human should ever have to know. Nell needed Hulda to do more, to be there to play an important role, because the stakes were huge and as of last week Hulda knew it. Hulda needed to become bolder on behalf of Murna’s cause.  
Unfortunately, Murna’s message of importance did not have the desired effect. Hulda was finally scared. Truly knees-feeling-like-water, could-hardly-make-her-muscles-work scared. It was probably why she got sloppy, why she hurried into Baldur’s trading room to hide the device that she always removed later, lest it be stumbled upon or, worse yet, scanned for and found. She didn’t want to get caught because she was afraid, and she was afraid because it all mattered so much more than she had ever guessed.
Baldur found it right away. Poorly hidden, it practically fell into his hand as he brushed against a shelf. The device recorded audio and video, and he studied it suspiciously before he yelled for Hulda. 
“Who has been in this room?” he asked. 
He still trusted her, blamed her only for being a poor gatekeeper because he couldn’t imagine her doing worse. Then he saw the fear on her face and he knew.
“What the hell is going on here? Are you spying on me? Why?” He was still struggling to get his arms around the very idea.
“No, it’s not like that,” she said, trying to force her brain to stop acting like it was drowning in molasses and to think of what it could be like. “I’ve been trying to learn something about investing. I didn’t think you’d want me in the room. And I wanted to watch you work.” 
That was good. It flattered him. “See, the device doesn’t transmit anywhere.” It didn’t. When the timing permitted, she used simple cameras and recorders as a safeguard because they were harder to scan for and detect. Just record for now, and then go transmit from somewhere else. It was the advantage of having an insider who could come and go as she pleased.
He studied her face carefully, juggling what he wanted to believe with what he feared.
“Why didn’t you ask me questions about investing if you were so curious?” he inquired coldly.
“I didn’t want to bother you.” Then, in a quiet embarrassed tone, “I thought you’d laugh at me.”
He smiled, that bit of condescension back in his eyes, and Hulda knew that he was so firmly back on the ground that he liked that she had his trust now. 
“Yes, yes I suppose I might have, just a little. So, the assistant wants to learn the master’s tricks, huh? Very well.” He threw the device on the ground and crunched it firmly under the heel of his Italian leather shoe. “You won’t be needing this again and I trust you’ll never bring in anything similar. You may sit and watch today, and occasionally point forward, with my permission, as long as you say nothing. Two of my colleagues will be arriving shortly, and we will be working with very short-term trading, directing the buying and selling of stocks within seconds or minutes.”
Something suddenly occurred to him. “Have you photographed us before without our permission?”
“Yes.” She had read once that including all the truth you could along with a lie helped. Her answer came out with conviction, but then she saw the anger grow in his face and thought it best to back off. “But the camera didn’t work. I guess I didn’t do it right. The instructions were confusing. That’s why I wanted to try again.”
He smiled at her ineptness. “Well, lucky for you there will be no need point forward for you to understand difficult mechanical devices. I’m not sure how much you’re going to learn by watching us, and you should know that we have skills you simply don’t, but you may watch and you may ask me a few question later after the others have left. Okay?”
“Thank you.” The relief in her voice could not have been more honest, and it served to satisfy Baldur that he had handled the crisis with all the magnanimity befitting a man soon to be as important as he would be. 

******

Toby was always surprised when people were reasonable. One would think that would be the default, but in Toby’s experience too many others enjoyed the sheer power of being able to make somebody else’s life more difficult, for no better reason than just to prove that they could. 
y1 had managed over the years to weed out a lot of those inclined to behave in this fashion, sending them on their way to make lives miserable elsewhere. Nonetheless, he was pleased that his group elected not to give him a rough time concerning his about-face on the speed required in bringing d4 to a stop.
“You don’t often come to the rest of us and say ‘Please trust me on this,’” one economics professor from an Ivy League school remarked. “In fact,” she added, “I don’t think that you’ve ever done so. I’m inclined to believe that you must have a very good reason.”
Others echoed her sentiment, and so ways had been easily found to expand and revise the study so that results would now take months longer to compile. Toby had been prepared to share some details with a few of the most influential in y1 if he needed to, but he was relieved when that wasn’t required. 
It left him the time to apply some of his own considerable understanding of the world’s wealth to helping the inexperienced computer geeks at Ullow, who were in well over their heads. Not that they weren’t all bright lads—they were. They all had the sufficient background to make money, given enough capital to start with and clear direction on how to invest it. However, every one of them lacked that subtle sense of how to best hide it. Yes, Toby was teaching them how to bend rules, how to steal bases, so to speak, how to go far into the grey areas of certain sets of regulations. 
y1 was devoted to fairness when it came to money. The organization he ran had no problem with anyone honestly earning wealth through their own hard work, abilities and creativity. It did, however, have a huge problem with anyone who gained or grew their wealth by any means not fairly available to all. Toby believed in what he did with all of his heart, and he would never have dreamt of doing with his own money the things that he was now teaching Jake, Brendan, Ronan and Fergus to do.
What makes a man abandon his principles? Over the past few weeks Toby had learned one answer, and it was to find yourself on the side of a greater good. So easy to lie to yourself about things like a greater good, he thought. How many religious wars had gotten off on that foot? How many indigenous people had been conquered and subjugated? How many of those different in any way had been persecuted?  Greater good was a dangerous concept, generally used to justify doing what a person would otherwise consider wrong.
Yet here he was, invoking it for no less of a cause than the continued existence of his own species. Actually, forget his species. Toby laughed at himself. He was doing this for all of the mammals. He thought back to his high school biology class. What kind of world would it be with just bugs, fish, birds, reptiles and lots and lots of different kinds of worms? 
If Cillian’s worst-case visions came to pass, the whole class of mammals would be relegated to being one of evolution’s short-lived bad ideas, simply because one hoity-toity species had taken over the Earth and figured out ways to go zipping all over the globe spreading something deadly to every continent before it could kill itself off like nature intended.
Toby didn’t think that the dogs deserved that sort of fate. Neither did the wolves or the horses or the bears or the squirrels for that matter. That’s whom he was bending the rules for, he told himself. What kind of man would refuse to set up a few offshore bank accounts if that’s what was needed to assure the survival of bunny rabbits?
On impulse, he found an incredibly cute picture of a basket of kittens online and set it up as his wallpaper. It was good to remind himself of why he was doing this. Point forward, he was engaging in these shenanigans on behalf of the kittens. Who could argue with that?

******

Ever since his mother had died, Cillian looked in on his father at least once a day. He always tried to make eye contact, he said a few words to him, and made himself touch the old man’s thin, dry skin because he had read somewhere how important human touch was for everyone’s emotional health. The truth was that in years past his dad had never showed him even that much affection, and most of their conversations had consisted of the father telling the son how to behave. Cillian supposed that he felt love for the man anyway, but only in the sense that children instinctively love a parent that doesn’t harm them, and sometimes love a parent that does.
During most of Cillian’s daily visits, the dad failed to notice his son, but occasionally there was something in the eyes that spoke of recognition. Other times the man would mutter, or flinch at Cillian’s touch. On rare occasion he smiled when Cillian brushed his hand against his cheek. Cillian never quite knew what to expect.
Doyle oversaw the coming and going of the nursing staff and all things related to the elder Mr. McGrane’s care. There was always a nurse on duty, of course, and it was almost always a she. She could generally be found reading a book or watching television quietly while the old man dozed. The nurses seemed to come and go so fast that Cillian could never remember their names, but he would sometimes offer to sit with his dad a bit, just to give the woman a break. 
He saw no reason to change his habits once he was informed that he was being officially ousted from the house. If it was the doing of the old man, and not of Doyle himself, then the frail shell sitting before him now knew nothing of what his more conscious self had decreed. Cillian reached out to touch the parchment skin of his father’s hand as Doyle came in the room, obviously annoyed to see him.
“What are you doing here?” Doyle asked.
“What I do every day,” Cillian answered in a soft voice. 
“So I’ve heard. I don’t know why you bother. He has no idea that you are here or who you are and he wouldn’t like it if he did,” Doyle said.
“Yes, I can see that he doesn’t know me now. Hard to believe he becomes so lucid every once in a while that he can give you clear directions about what he wants.” Cillian had always tiptoed cautiously around this issue, seeing nothing to be gained from challenging Doyle’s claims to receiving ongoing instructions. Now, however, Cillian felt that he had nothing to lose. 
“I do your father’s wishes,” Doyle said, with a quiet fierceness in his voice. “I’m far more the type of person he wanted for an heir than you ever were.”
“I agree completely,” Cillian said.
“You do?”
“Of course. Any fool could see that what you say is true. My father genuinely liked you before my mother died, and he never really liked me. In a reasonable world you would deserve to be treated as a son of sorts.”
“You think so?” Doyle was perplexed. “But you intend to fight me for your inheritance, anyway, don’t you? Of course you do. So let me remind you, that day out at the gazebo, I don’t know what was going on but I have some fairly disturbing video that I would have no trouble making widely distributed. Cillian McGrane, even more deviant than we thought. It would still grab a few headlines.”
Cillian actually laughed. “Doyle, you’ve got to get out more. First of all, my having sex with a man on video would hardly interest anyone, much less my merely hugging someone. Have you been on the internet lately? And do you have any idea how many athletes, newscasters, musicians, actors and otherwise generally famous people are openly gay now and really very few people care?”
“That’s not true in Ireland,” Doyle said stiffly.
“Plaster your damn pictures all over the Irish press if you want,” Cillian said. “I couldn’t care less. Not that it matters, but that man isn’t my lover. We were involved in a sort of, uh, I guess a healing ritual is what you could call it. Accuse me of a fondness for New Age wackiness if you want. That’s hardly newsworthy either. Doyle, you can’t hurt me. That’s a terribly liberating thought.”
“I can make you leave and take a good bit of your wealth,” Doyle said flatly.
“Yes, you can and probably will. However, I’ve received a fine salary of my own and an extremely generous living allowance over the years, not to mention free room and board. I suspect you were responsible, because you wanted me to have enough money that I lacked incentive to challenge you for the rest. You know what? It worked. But what you don’t know is that I’ve been tucking away more than you realized and investing it far more successfully than you expected and now there is easily as much in my name as there is in my dad’s. So please, take his share and have a nice life.”
“You are serious, aren’t you?” Doyle said.
“I am. It’s why my own father was never so fond of me. I do hope that you treat him well. Tell me, is he really this ill or do you just keep him heavily medicated?”
“I’m outraged that you would suggest such a thing,” Doyle said.
“Does he ever really have those lucid moments we all hear about, or do you just make them up?”
“I’m not going to dignify that with a response.”
“That’s what I thought,” Cillian said. “There isn’t a nurse who has worked here long enough to successfully accuse you of lying about either issue. Speaking alone, that is. But in aggregate, if one assembled testimony from the dozens of women you have hired and then fired, they can make a pretty strong case.”
Doyle gave Cillian a sharp look. 
“I was going to discuss this with you in a few days, but now seems as good a time as any. You should know that I did speak to my lawyers about fighting you for my dad’s money and this house, primarily because I was annoyed at the way you were trying to force me out. My lawyers persuaded me that because you have his power of attorney, I would lose the case. So what we decided to do instead, was the one remaining decent thing that I can do for my dad.”
“You want to help your dad?”
“I do. We were never close, but that doesn’t mean I shouldn’t do right by him. So, you and I are going to draw up an agreement. I will agree to drop the very persuasive civil suit that I have put together that accuses you of fraud and negligence in my father’s care, and in exchange you will do the following three things.”
“What three things?” Doyle asked.
“You will place my father in a facility of my choosing where he will receive independent care that you will not oversee. I’ve chosen a place that is big on therapy, and eschews medication when possible. Perhaps there is some life left in him yet and he ought to get to live it. This will be paid for entirely out of the funds that you are keeping.”
“Okay,” Doyle agreed. “Trust me, he is less alert than you think. But if this will get you off my back about drugging him, then sure, I’ll do it. It can’t be more expensive than these damn nurses are. “
“Excellent,” Cillian smiled. “A quarter of my dad’s wealth is to go into a trust fund for my sister and her kids. She’s to receive a monthly check from it.”
“No way,” Doyle said.
“I’m not finished. In return for this part of our arrangement, my sister will also drop her civil suit against you.”
“I see,” Doyle said. “Very well. A quarter to your sister. I suppose that’s fair. What’s the third thing?”
“Originally I thought that I wanted to keep this house, but I don’t. A friend pointed out that I’d be much happier in a smaller place and he’s right. I would however, like to keep the gazebo.”
Doyle gave him a puzzled look. “Keep it?”
“Yes. It can be torn down and moved.”
“Why? You can build a much nicer one yourself,” Doyle said.
“I know, but this one has a certain amount of sentimental value. Do we have a deal?”
Doyle shrugged. “Medical care, a trust fund and a gazebo. Consider it done. How soon will you be moving?”
“In a week or two,” Cillian said. “Don’t worry. I won’t let the door hit me on the way out.”

******

Mikkel and Ariel scheduled another play date for the weekend of November 10 and 11 so that the two of them could show off their growing affection to anyone who was being paid to be Baldur’s eyes and ears. Mikkel had business to tend to in London anyway and Ariel was happy to take the short flight over to join him.
She had a personal agenda for the weekend, and she thought going through with it would be about the rough equivalent of a ladies exam in a doctor’s office—somewhere between awkward and downright unpleasant. But it had to be done, and the longer she waited the worse it was going to be.
She planned it so that she was waiting for Mikkel in the hotel room this time, not wanting to start this particular conversation off with the kind of kiss he had greeted her with on their last visit. He let himself in the room and he took one look at her and knew that something was up.
“Did Baldur hurt you somehow?”
“He hasn’t been near me. It was just a long day at the office and then the flight over here. I’m fine.”
“Is Eoin being unreasonable?”
“Mikkel stop it.”
“Stop what? Being concerned about you?” Mikkel asked, baffled.
“No. Stop trying to guess what is wrong and let me tell you.”
“Oh.” Mikkel seemed surprised. “Of course.”
So out came the details she had never told Mikkel about the odd encounter with the young man connecting a computer monitor at the airport in Nuuk months ago, and all the ensuing closeness, visions, sex, fighting, and finally the reconciliation of the past couple of weeks.
Mikkel didn’t say anything for a few minutes while Ariel stirred the ice in the whiskey and coke she had made for herself before Mikkel arrived.
“I’m not surprised you two got to be that close,” he finally said. “Disappointed that you didn’t level with me more about him, but not surprised.”
“You’re not angry?”
“Ariel, I’ve no right to be angry. You did most of what you did before we even knew each other. As to the recent stuff, I accept that you and I are having a fake relationship, not a real one. I‘ve no claim on you. It’s only awkward because he’s family and I’ve known him all my life. It would have been nice if you’d given me a heads up because of that. If he were a complete stranger it would be different.”
“I know. That’s why I’m sorry I didn’t tell you sooner. I think I hurt him too and I never meant to make things uncomfortable for either of you. At what point is one supposed to give all of the details, you know?”
“Yeah, I know. I just wish I hadn’t mentioned you to my nosy mom; that didn’t help matters. Okay, so I exaggerated our relationship a little, too, but I just get tired of her always asking if I’ve met anyone special. If I’d known...”
“Yeah, problematic all around. I feel bad, Mikkel, I do. I’m, I’m very fond of both you and Siarnaq, you know.”
He shrugged. “That’s nice.”
She searched for a segue to less difficult ground, and found one. “Why did you say you weren’t surprised? It’s not like I’ve slept with every guy in Northern Europe, you know?” Her tone had become a little defensive and she knew it. He laughed.
“That is not what I was implying. However, if it matters to you then you should know that you’ve given me no reason to think that you’re unduly promiscuous…“
He saw the clouds gathering in her eyes and made a similar effort to get to safer ground. “I wasn’t surprised, Ariel, because you and Siarnaq together was the missing link. You know, put you and Baldur together and one thing happens. Put Siarnaq and Cillian together and another does. Why was nobody talking about putting Siarnaq and Ariel together to see what that would produce? So it occurred to me that it had probably already happened, and everybody else knew about it but me.”
Ariel blushed. “Not everyone. But Cillian and Brendan knew. And I told Toby just because I told Toby everything.”
“What did you see?” Mikkel asked.
“What I usually see. Everyday stuff, except it was the everyday stuff of people centuries from now, instead of my own. Just like with Baldur how I see everyday stuff but from the next few seconds. It’s kind of like, I don’t know, using a telescope on one end and using a microscope on the other. I’m still seeing with my eyes but at a different scale.”  
Mikkel’s fascination with the phenomenon was taking his mind off of Ariel’s sex life, and she was happy to encourage the distraction.
“Baldur’s trained himself to see stocks and events that affect them, and to get and receive much of his information over a computer,” she went on. “I’m a telescope for him. He sees the same thing but much further out. Siarnaq focused on whole life stories of people, like seeing if they were healthy and if they had kids and how they died. With me, he saw those kind of life events, but up close, from now.”
“So why can’t you and Cillian combine, or whatever you want to call it?”
Ariel shrugged. “I don’t know. At some point I guess the two ways of seeing are so out of synch that they can’t meld together. When I touch him, it’s painful, like getting shocked.”
Mikkel was thoughtful. “Do you think there is anyone out there who is sort of between you and Baldur? There should be. Kind of a magnifying glass instead of microscope? I mean, like they see a few hours ahead, or a few days? You can’t do that, can you?”
“No, and there are times when it would be damn useful, too. There could be such a person, or even several of them, and we just don’t know about them. Cillian thinks that it would be hard to stay sane getting that kind of information, especially the weird outlying possibilities. Anyway the best I get is something that is maybe a week away. Never closer. Almost always there are so many options for something that far away that it isn’t all that useful, but it also isn’t that distressing.”
“Almost always,” he repeated. “That’s too bad. The almost part, that is. What about someone between you and Siarnaq? A pair of binoculars? Seeing years or decades ahead?”
“I’m glad that’s not me,” Ariel said. The vehemence in her voice surprised Mikkel until he considered the consequences of such vision. People only lived decades more.
“Of course,” Mikkel said. “No one really wants to know when and how they die, do they?”
“Cillian assumes there are zero people with that gift too, at least zero sane ones. But who knows. He could be wrong and maybe we just haven’t met any of these binocular psychics either.”
Mikkel smiled at her. “It sounds to me like you’re Goldilocks. The woman with the just right vision of the future, not too close, not too far.”
“I guess,” she said, stirring her ice around some more. Mikkel reached out and gently took the drink out of her hand. 
“Come on, let me take my fake girlfriend out for a marvelous dinner at The Delaunay. It’s one of the best new restaurants in London and I think that this girl needs to let go of all of her guilt and worry for one night.”
“I’d like that.” She picked up her coat and purse and realized that she was looking forward to all the pretending that she and Mikkel were going to have to do for the rest of the evening. 

 25. Autumn at the Beach

Hulda would never know why she said it. Maybe she had listened while one too many insults passed through Baldur’s lips, or maybe she had already begun to be too bold in her responses to him. Maybe too many new, odd things had come at her over the last few months and her judgment was addled by all the strangeness she had been forced to make sense of.  Maybe for once she wanted Baldur to know that he wasn’t the most important thing in the world. Whatever the recipe was, the critical ingredients all came together that Thursday morning. 
It started when Baldur strode into the office, actually whistling. He was in fine spirits while Hulda was tired and her head hurt, and, now that she thought about it, she had always found men whistling to be mildly annoying.
“How does it feel to be working for the most important man on Earth?” he asked as he walked by. 
“I wouldn’t know,” she said. “Who is he?”
A flash of annoyance crossed Baldur’s face before he smiled.
“I see. You’re trying to make a joke. Not funny in this case. I spent last night going over everything. Even I had no idea how quickly this could snowball. Hulda, by this time next month, I will have doubled my wealth. Doubled it. Do you have any idea how hard it is to do that when you’re worth as much as I am?”
“Why does having a lot more money make you important?” she asked.
“Oh you are so cute when you pretend to be naïve.” He chucked her under the chin like one would a child, and she thought that might have been what did it.
“Being important means doing something to help humanity, like Mikkel or Cillian,” she shot back at him. “They make boatloads of money too, you know, but you don’t see them hoarding it and bragging.  They’re taking their money, sending people to Mars so we don’t all get wiped ou…ut.” She froze before she could say any more, but Baldur was staring at her with all the admiration she could have hoped for.
“You are not nearly as dumb as you pretend to be, are you?” he said, as he started to finally get it. “You know some of the people over at Ullow, don’t you?”
“I’ve visited with them once or twice, yes,” she said while her knees turned to water once again. “Talked with the support staff, while arranging things for you. I’ve gotten snippets about what else goes on there.”
“Did it ever occur to you that those snippets might have been useful to me?” he asked. “No, of course not. You know things you are not supposed to know, don’t you? I want to know how you learned about them and I want to know that now.”
Hulda’s instincts with Baldur were good, and she went on the offense without giving it any thought. “I ask people questions about themselves instead of only talking about me. You should try it sometime. You can learn a lot that way.”
“This makes so much sense.” Baldur’s mind was sharp, and it was moving on from Hulda to the much bigger picture “Why does a guy like Mikkel decide out of the blue to become rich and go to Mars? Yes, sure, he could have a wild hair up his ass, but doesn’t it make more sense if he thinks he is doing something significant? Becoming the most important man that ever lived? Ah yes, Hulda, that is what we are all after, isn’t it? Us men, I mean. You women, you all want to be beautiful.”
Hulda thought of several replies, but she kept quiet. She had already said way too much.
“So Cillian is in on this too, is he? And Ariel, of course. Is she the one who has predicted that we need to vacate the planet? Or maybe, maybe she is in cahoots with the doom and gloom Inuit I met. Are there more of them? Maybe a whole collection of people wailing about the end of the world? All trying to do something about it?”
Baldur had gone from angry and suspicious to something else Hulda did not understand. At least it didn’t make any sense to her until he did the very last thing she would ever have expected. He walked up to her desk and kissed her squarely on the mouth.
“Thank you my silly smart secretary. You, you have just given me the greatest gift of all time. Do you know what it is?”
Hulda didn’t want to guess.
“It’s called leverage. Really. Great. Leverage. It’s one thing to say to a girl, ‘You better help me out here or I’ll hurt your boyfriend.’ That’s all well and good and it’s worked well enough at the start. But it’s something entirely different to be able to say to her, ‘Help me out here or I’ll totally mess up your boyfriend’s plans to save the world.’ Now that is leverage, isn’t it?”
The cold water in Hulda’s knees had turned to ice and the chill was making its way up her thighs and into her stomach.
“Would you actually prevent somebody from saving the human race?” she asked Baldur.
“Oh come on. I’m sure these people have no real idea of what the future holds and no possible way of altering the outcome of any disaster if they did. All that matters to me is that they believe in what they are doing, believe in it enough so that they will do what I want. 
“But what if they’re right?” Hulda asked.
“Then they’re right,” Baldur laughed. “So what. We’ll never know.”
That was the moment that Hulda knew that she had to get as far away from Baldur as she possibly could. She had ceased to be effective as an inside spy. He wouldn’t trust her a bit going forward, and she had lost all ability to humor him and he knew it. They were at a philosophical impasse as large as the Milky Way, and they both knew it even as they pretended otherwise.
She meekly promised to be a good employee and tell him anything else she could think of that was useful, and then she finished her day at work as calmly as she could. He mostly ignored her, and asked her for very little help for the rest of the day. 
Hulda knew that Baldur would not keep an assistant for very long that he thought that he could not trust. She also knew that he would never let such an assistant leave and go where she might be able to cause him harm. That didn’t leave a whole lot of pleasant alternatives. So Hulda went home in as normal a fashion as was possible, and packed everything she could cram into two suitcases. Then she drove over to her cousin’s house and begged for help.
Once her cousin was convinced that Hulda wasn’t running from bill collectors or the law, he agreed to take her out to a cabin of his in the country and let her hide there for a while. It was close to winter and the place wasn’t exactly posh and she had to understand that. However, it was hard to find and probably safe for anyone who needed to stay hidden. Was this creep at work really so frightening that getting away from him was worth it?
“Yes,” Hulda assured her cousin, “yes.” 
Early the next morning Hulda and her cousin left his house hours before the sun would make its brief appearance in the southern sky. 

******

 On Monday, November 19, Baldur contacted Ariel to let her know that this time he had purchased a ticket for her to fly commercial. It was for the following Sunday afternoon. He expected her in his office Monday morning, November 26, well before the London Stock Exchange opened. This time she was free to arrange her own lodging, and she should bring appropriate clothes that she was comfortable wearing for the session.  He suggested that she plan on making herself available all day Tuesday as well, as the approaching end of the year offered more possibilities to be explored, and he wished to avail himself of all relevant investment opportunities. Monday might not provide enough time.
She had expected as much. The two of them had exchanged a few curt emails with each other as November wore on, and this had been pretty much the plan. The coming week was Thanksgiving back home, and the rest of her family would be getting together without her. Luckily, she’d bought a ticket back to the U.S. for Christmas months ago, before the prices shot up, and she made a mental note to let Baldur know that her trip to see her family for the holidays was non-negotiable.
Tuesday Nell called her, worried about Hulda.
“I got the oddest email from her cousin last night,” Nell said. “He said that she is hiding at his cabin. Something happened late last week at work and she asked him to contact me. He told me that she said she’ll tell me about it when she sees me. She also wanted to make sure that you knew that she won’t be there Monday when you arrive.”
“Running away like that sounds pretty extreme,” Ariel said. “She does know how important it is to have her in that office, doesn’t she?”
“She absolutely does,” Nell said. “This can’t be good. Maybe you shouldn’t go.”
“I have to go,” Ariel said. “Whatever Baldur is up to, whatever happened, he is now more suspicious already.” Ariel stopped, took a breath, tried to precall anything from only a week ahead. “If I don’t show, that could set all kinds of worse things in motion.” Ariel shuddered as the images flickered. “I’ve got to be there. There is some ugly stuff in store if Baldur tries to chase me down. Not to mention that Toby has got the entire Dublin office set up to capitalize on every penny they can possibly make off of what Baldur sees once I do get there Monday. Brendan has gone nuts tapping into the hardware. Eoin has been working with everybody in the office on handling the money, and Mikkel swears that odds are at least fair that he can get to where he needs to be after just this one session, especially if Baldur goes for two full days of trading. So it has got to happen.”
“Damn, I wish I spoke Icelandic better,” Nell said. “Never mind. I’m going to find a way to get somebody on the ground to help you. I’ll call as soon as I know anything more. Try to keep Baldur from figuring out that we know that anything has changed, okay?”

******

Wednesday Ariel spent the day trying to explain to her co-workers everything she knew about how the coming Monday was going to go. She’d been Baldur’s telescope into the future twice now, and she knew more about the process, and so did Baldur. Much of the information he would get from Ariel would be useless, which is why the process took so much time. He would look for trades that went against conventional wisdom and yet had a high probability of going his way. Basically, he would look for long shots, for surprises on which he could safely bet a lot of money.
Although Baldur had spent years honing his own skills to focus on stocks and money, he would be relying on a composite of his single-mindedness and Ariel’s own focus. His strongest information would concern areas of interest to them both, and that common ground centered on technology and business. Unfortunately, Baldur would be receiving all of the useful information, while Ariel would get the sorts of things she normally saw, but in Baldur’s much closer time frame.
Assuming Baldur would use a similar strategy, the trades themselves would mostly involve complex variations of option trading, and therefore they were not terribly time-sensitive, at least as far as seconds were concerned. There was nothing high-frequency about what they did together—it couldn’t even be considered day trading. 
Baldur was constrained by dividing his purchases into many small lots coming from numerous sources, and he had to space them out in time in order to avoid suspicion. That left plenty of time for the crew back at Ullow to swoop in and get the same good pricing that Baldur was getting.
Jake suggested that Ariel try a few experiments in order to gain her group an advantage. She could let her mind focus on areas where Baldur had little interest. Maybe women’s fashion. He might catch a hint he liked and place a small trade, not wanting to risk too much money in an area in which he was unfamiliar. Then Ullow could trust the insight from Ariel and bet more. 
Ariel could also try to use her own ability to premember the possibilities of the next few minutes to learn of trades Baldur was considering. If she could remember even a few of the most likely that he decided against, then Ullow could still make those trades once she got home. They were probably still a good bet even though Baldur had passed on them, and it would provide some separation between the groups. It could be important over the weeks and month ahead that neither Mikkel nor Cillian appear to have mirrored d4’s trades exactly.
“He pretty much told me that he intends to make a fooking fortune off of what you two come up with next week,” Eoin told her. “I do not know how fast this guy can turn cash into influence but if this goes the way that we all expect it will, then he is going to have one hell of a lot of money come January 19 and February 16. I mean one hell of a lot more than he already has.”
“What do you think he is worth all total? Hidden everywhere?” Fergus asked. “Does he have, like, a billion euros?”
Eoin laughed. “You don’t follow that kind of news much, do you?” 
Fergus shrugged. “Not really. But a billion seems like a lot to me.”
“Fergus, there are easily over a hundred people out there worth ten times that much, and each of their wealth fluctuates every day by tens and even hundreds of millions of euros. No biggie when you are worth over ten billion. You’ve never heard of most of them. Unless Baldur is lying to himself, and I don’t think he is, he has got to be in that ten billion plus group already to think that he can become so important so fast. Probably hasn’t been there all that long, though, because no one yet has put two and two together. Except for the astute folks at y1 and a few other small groups that watch individual investors, he remains off everyone’s radar. If he can accomplish what he wants in January, and maybe triple what he’s got, then he gets into the thirty-plus billion category and he’s playing with the big boys, the top eighteen richest or so.”
“Wow,” Ronan said. “I had no idea people actually had that kind of money. Does anybody clear a hundred billion?”
“Only if you clump siblings together,” Eoin said. “Otherwise, not yet. Knowing Baldur like I do, I’m willing to bet that is exactly what he is shooting for. He’s a goal-oriented, numbers kind of guy. Maybe by the end of February. Be the first lone human to be worth over a hundred billion euros and then slowly start to flex his muscles and go public with his wealth. He’s got to have the tax thing figured out already—citizenship guaranteed in a nice tax haven somewhere. He works to close all the loopholes he used to get there, so no one from d4 or anywhere else ever uses HFT to follow in his rapidly rising footsteps. I guess he figures that he keeps Ariel around in case his own coffers ever dip too low.”
As soon as Eoin said those words, he knew. Ariel, who was sitting across the table from him, knew it at the same time. In fact, everyone in the room knew. Baldur was getting far richer far faster than he had ever planned. At one point, back when he thought that the process would be slower and fraught with more mistakes, he probably had intended to keep Ariel around. He surmised that he might always need her. He probably did have some old-fashioned idea of marrying her, in the best of cases, or keeping her loyal through threats and extortion in the worst scenario.
But that had changed. Baldur’s coffers were never going to dip too low now. And he was a man that absolutely, positively wanted to ensure that he not only became the wealthiest person in the world, but that no short-term psychic like him from d4 or elsewhere could ever follow him. That meant that no imitator could ever be allowed to utilize Ariel the way that he had. Ariel could not live by his side. Ariel could not live anywhere. Ariel could not live at all.
“What was I thinking?” Ariel acknowledged it first. “Last July he used me to make sure that this thing worked. I exceeded his expectations in September and even more so in October. Our last session resulted in some futures trading and a few last-minute options trades that expired on Saturday, and I’m pretty sure I did so well again that I signed my own execution order. If what you say is true, Baldur needs one more really good trading session with me and then he needs me to cease existing.”
No one said anything for a minute.
“You are not going to Iceland,” Jake said firmly.
“No shit,” Fergus agreed.
“What about Cillian and Mikkel and all they are trying to do and all the work all of you have done? My efforts next Monday are funding them, too. Even though it’s on a smaller, tens- to hundreds-of-million dollar scale, it’s important,” she pointed out. “With this new data you know that after this session Toby is going change his mind and work fast to shut Baldur down before his options mature and all this new wealth makes him so much harder to touch. Good thing he’s got that study in place and more. But that means that Mikkel and Cillian aren’t going to get another chance to make the kind of money that is going to put them past the tipping point on Mars and we all know it. I have to go to Iceland.”
No one had an argument to the contrary.
“What can be done to make sure you get out of there alive?” Ronan asked. “Do you, like, see anything helpful?”
Ariel sighed. The trip to Iceland was in four days. She tried to look out a week, see possibilities that might include something useful. Yes, she saw a fair bit of nothingness now, far more than she had seen while riding the little plane into a winter storm a few weeks ago. This was real danger. The chance of her not surviving a week was bigger than it had ever been in her life.
But the chance of other alternatives was still greater. Most likely was that she was Baldur’s prisoner, at least temporarily, while he considered his options. She looked ahead a bit more. In one possible world he was trying to stage a believable accident, something that wouldn’t come back to him. In another he was pressuring her to let loved ones know that she was with him by choice.  Over there she was escaping from Baldur, and there she was attempting and failing at that escape. There were scenes that made little sense at all, obviously brought on by some turn of events she could not guess. Then there were some in which she was relieved, safe and happy. No information on how she had gotten that way. Damn. But at least they existed.
“Nothing useful,” she said, not wanting to elaborate. “But I’ll keep trying.”

Thursday evening she video-called her family to wish them a happy Thanksgiving across the miles.  Turkeys were hard to get in grocery stores in Ireland, but she had put some chicken in a slow cooker before she went to work that morning, and had enjoyed the results with homemade mashed potatoes for dinner. It was better than nothing. When she called, her family was about to sit down for their own mid-afternoon feast. Pumpkin and pecan pies were visible in the background, along with a chocolate cheesecake that was probably her mother’s doing. 
For once, Ariel made no effort to conceal her concerns from her mom, or for that matter from anyone else.
“Things have gotten a little shaky over here,” she told her family. “I’m trying to do the right thing, to help out some really good people I know who are trying to accomplish something important. But I’m going to be in danger in a few days.”
“You sure are.” Zane and her mother said it at the same time. Ariel’s eyebrow went up. Was everyone seeing the future now?
“I’ve been talking to Toby,” Zane explained. “He’s working with your friends and trying to think of better ways to ensure your safety. They are all going to do everything they can, but if he’s worried, he’s got good reasons.”
“You are an unusually open book today,” her mom added. “I wish I knew someone in Iceland, but I don’t. I’m going find out if any of my friends do. I respect what you’re doing Ariel, I really do, dear. Maybe I can get someone helpful added to your security detail. I’ll get back to you.”
“Thanks guys. I love you all,” she said. As they waved and laughed and signed off it had a faintly familiar feel to it, as if memories and premories of that particular scene filled both her past and her future. 

She decided to take Friday off work, and Eoin did not object. 
“Any special plans?” he asked.
“No. Just preparing,” she said. He didn’t ask for more.
The day turned out to be one of those unusual winter days when the sky is bright blue and the temperature climbs into the sixties. Ariel smiled at her good fortune as she took the little car the company leased for her and headed north out of Dublin, planning to drive for as long as it sounded good, and then to stop and do yoga somewhere along the shore. 
Ireland doesn’t have much in the way of sandy beaches. Much of the coast is ancient granite and volcanic remains, and much of its rocky core is old limestone, formed from the remains of tiny sea creatures that led happy lives nearly half a billion years ago, back when Ireland was located near the equator and no mammal had yet set foot on the Earth. Ariel reached for her music, and spent a minute picking her song. She decided on “Bulletproof” by La Roux; it was the perfect choice.
 She drove far enough to find a rocky bit of shore that was deserted, spread out her mat, and worked on clearing her mind. The poses came to her in a random sequence, without thought. The table. The cat. The bow. The plough.
 Her goal was to calm down, and gather her strength. To make herself as bulletproof as possible.
Downward dog into a cobra into a sun salute and repeat it again. Warrior poses. Low warrior. Warrior two. Warrior three. She had skills, she had advantages, and she had back-up. She finished her routine concentrating on balance, holding a strong tree pose while she gazed at the far horizon. 
She was ready. Now, she needed to go do what needed to be done.

******

Saturday, Baldur paced around his apartment. He had a very nice apartment, one of the best in the city. He had thought often about buying a house because men with money always owned houses, but he’d never been in any particular hurry. Now he was glad that he had waited. Who would ever have thought that someone like Ariel would come along, and that she could raise the level of what he did so quickly and so effectively.
He looked around his apartment. There wasn’t much that he would miss, and people could be paid later to send him the few things that he wanted. He would be leaving Iceland now, of course, and establishing residence somewhere with far more friendly tax laws and no real inclination to turn its inhabitants over to the authorities of any other country. These places all seemed to be tropical, and Baldur had never cared that much for hot sunny beaches. For starters he hated having to wear sunglasses and sunscreen all the time. But he would adjust. Pick one and learn to like it. He wished he’d had more time to plan, that’s all. This had all happened so fast. 
Baldur was plenty well aware that once the trades were finished Tuesday night, it was a different world. Baldur would not need Ariel, would not need d4, would not need anyone ever again. Except of course for an army of accountants, lawyers and security specialists, but those were the kinds of people that his money could easily buy. 
On the other hand, no one would need him either. Baldur did not doubt for a minute that Mikkel, Cillian, and the entire doom and gloom chorus over in Ireland would have all the money they needed as well when this was over. They weren’t stupid—they saw this as a one-time opportunity as well. They could more easily stay hidden, operating at a tiny fraction of what he did, and once those investments were made, Ariel would be under no pressure ever again to behave to protect her friends or their causes.
So the remaining problem became Ariel and what to do with her. He’d struggled to come up with a plan he liked, or at least a plan that he thought that he could actually go through with. His latest idea was to have his private plane leave Wednesday morning to take him on a spontaneous vacation in the Caribbean. Ariel would finally sweep him off his feet during their next few days together, and he would do the same to her. In truth it was a bit of his fantasy, and in fact it would be the story that he told. What would one expect, the staff would mutter, after all that time the man and woman were spending together? His employees would find it charming.
Once Ariel was fully informed about her alternatives, Baldur was sure that she would cooperate and be happy to assure those close to her that she was headed off on a voluntary vacation to celebrate the joys of financial success. He thought that he could even get her to add with a giggle that it was with a man she was becoming increasingly fond of.
Mikkel would not be happy, of course, and that was partly Baldur’s doing. He wished he had known earlier that he didn’t need to bother pushing Mikkel and Ariel together, but so it went. It hadn’t cost him that much, and it had been a decent enough plan originally. Besides, Baldur thought that he understood Mikkel pretty well. The man was going to copy all the trades he dared, stashing dollars away for his own silly goal. So while he might be sad when his fling left him for the arms of another, he’d get over it. Mikkel was a man obsessed with a cause, and after his bruised heart and ego healed, he’d settle into being thankful that Baldur had given his project all the funding it would ever need.
The problem was that once they were on vacation, Ariel would need to die an accidental death. It had caused Baldur some uncharacteristic sadness when he realized the inevitability of that conclusion. It did not matter how much Ariel might come to like him or hate him over time. In the end her feelings for him would matter not at all. She was a liability he could not afford. 
Maybe some sort of boating or diving accident would work, provided it occurred when he had an excellent alibi elsewhere. He didn’t need to start out this venture with part of the world convinced he was a murderer. Then again, perhaps something that mimicked natural causes would be better. An unexpected reaction to some exotic local food? Finding a local doctor to work with him would be a trivial problem.
No, he still didn’t like it happening when they were supposed to be having fun together. Yet he couldn’t afford to wait. It had to be done quickly, before the ever-resourceful Ariel or her friends found a way to ensure her safety. Maybe he shouldn’t even take her along with him to the Caribbean?
Baldur toyed with other options in his mind. What was the cleanest, most efficient way to get someone dead and be nowhere nearby when it happened? He saw Ariel in his mind as she had first walked into his boardroom almost a year ago, her inexpensive blue blouse a perfect match to her eyes. She certainly was a unique, even a beautiful creature. She deserved a painless death, maybe even some kind of glorious one. He needed to come up with something fitting.



 26. First Day of Trading

After Sunday, Ariel packed a bag, checked in with Eoin one last time, emailed Nell all her travel details, and drove over to Jake’s to drop off the key so he could water her plants in case the trip took longer than she expected. She spent a little time playing with the puppy, who was an almost fully grown chow chow by now but still ridiculously cute.
She exchanged online chat messages with a few old college friends and with a girl from the London office. She spent some time composing a warm email to Siarnaq, one that she hoped never crossed lines into overtly romantic or into a maudlin goodbye. Then she video-chatted with her parents and Teddie, catching them as they were starting their day.
“Not a lot of well-developed telepaths in Iceland,” her mother said. “It’s a skill that is pretty well distributed geographically, but Iceland is a small place. I might have found someone, though, and we’re looking into it more. Meanwhile I’m going to keep loose tabs on you myself, okay?”
“Definitely okay,” Ariel said. “Do anything you can to help me, please, as long as nothing gets in the way until Tuesday after the New York Stock Exchange closes.”
“I got it,” her mother said. “You need to see this through before we get you out of there. I understand.”

After she signed off with her parents, Ariel finally returned Mikkel’s calls. He’d tried to reach her three times on Friday, twice yesterday, once today while she was at Jake’s, and then again while she was talking to her folks. She felt bad putting him off, but she knew what the conversation was going to be about and she didn’t want to have it.
“Ariel, I’m going to say it one more time. We can find another way to do this. You don’t need to take this risk.”
“I don’t want to argue,” she answered, “and you know damn well that is why I haven’t called you back. There is no other sure way to accomplish what we both want. You know that. And I know for a fact that my odds of living don’t even improve all that much if I try to run from Baldur now. And in exchange for what, maybe a ten or twenty percent higher chance of surviving, you get nothing at all for what you are trying to do. So let me do this. It’s not like I’m choosing death here—I am not suicidal. I’m choosing to take some risk in order to do the right thing. I mean it. Don’t try to talk me out of it.”
She could hear Mikkel sigh over the phone. “I knew you’d say something like this. I suppose that is why I am actually becoming attached to you. Unfortunately.”
Ariel’s heart skipped a beat. “Yeah? Well, I’m unfortunately becoming fond of you back. My intention is to live long enough to make that a problem for both of us.”
He laughed a little. “That’s a good plan. I’ll look forward to dealing with it.”
They hung up with goodbyes that held faint promises of good times ahead, and left Ariel glad that she had made the phone call.
Now it was time to go to the airport. Ariel thought for just a second of going somewhere totally different. Maybe getting on a flight to Jamaica. Ah, rum and reggae. How long could she stay drunk and hidden at some all-inclusive resort in Montego Bay? 
But no, that was not what she was going to do. Not now. She grabbed her bag and headed for her car, determination in her every step.

Monday morning Cillian decided to go to Iceland. Brendan was beside himself trying to talk the man out of it.
“I know, I just know that if I could make Baldur see what I see, then I could turn the man. He’d let Ariel live. I bet you that he’d even help fund some of what I’m doing. Hell, he could still be filthy rich and keep getting richer and frankly I don’t give a damn what he does with his money. It doesn’t have to go down this way. It isn’t an either or. We get off his back, he has everything he wants and more, why wouldn’t he agree?”
“He won’t,” Brendan said. “He won’t because he doesn’t want to be reasonable, Cillian, and he doesn’t want to be richer. He wants to win. That’s different.”
“But I can make him see otherwise. I know I can.” Cillian was adamant.
Brendan called the Ullow office for help in talking his friend out of going, but in the end the only argument centered around who would leave with Cillian the next day. 
Brendan insisted that he should go, not only as Cillian’s closest friend but also as his liaison at Ullow. Jake trumped him, insisting that Baldur’s Ullow contact should be the one who was present and handling the meeting. Eoin overtrumped them both. He insisted on going as their boss and as a dual point of contact for both sides. More compelling, Eoin wanted one chance to stand up to Baldur in the ways he never had. He would be delighted to do that with Cillian at his side. Maybe together they would be effective enough to make amends for the all damage Eoin had failed to prevent thus far.

Monday morning, Ariel got a cab and presented herself at 7 a.m. at the receptionist’s desk of the stylish offices of d4. It was approximately an hour before the London Stock Exchange opened. It was still the middle of the night as far as the stars overhead were concerned, and Ariel couldn’t help but notice that the sky was as unseasonably clear here as it had been in Ireland the last few days. The Northern Lights seemed to have taken a break for electromagnetic reasons of their own, leaving an almost full moon in the southwest to glow like a searchlight on the snow.
Ariel was surprised to find a receptionist already at her desk. The small, dark-haired woman who greeted her was definitely not Hulda, but she thankfully spoke English well, even if she had a heavy Icelandic accent. She introduced herself as Sigrun and showed Ariel into Baldur’s trading room, which normally contained several large screens attached to a few of the fastest computers money could buy. Today it also contained the portable massage table, but this time it was covered in a soft blue quilt and held a large, firm pillow for her head and a smaller pillow to slide under her knees. 
“Baldur asked me to make sure that you would be able to remain comfortable for several hours,” the receptionist said as though it was the most normal request in the world for people interested in the stock market. “You’re free to change here in this room if you like, just lock the door when I leave and unlock when you’re done.”
Ariel shrugged, wondering what in the world Baldur had told this woman. Didn’t matter. She pulled out the ugly grey gym trunks and oversize men’s tank top that she planned to wear this time around. It was show time.
Baldur greeted her like a friend when he came in, his eyes barely dropping to her clothes and a small smile crossing his lips as he took them in. He asked politely after her health and offered her coffee or juice. She declined but thanked him for the courtesy. She responded with pleasantries of her own about the unusually clear days they were having in Ireland right now and apparently here in Iceland too. 
“If we are going to put in the kind of hours this time that you want, and that I want too, I’ll need to take breaks in order to stay focused, and even to stay awake. You’ll be more effective that way too. How about we plan a nice break once the sun is well up. We can get some fresh air, maybe have a bite to eat then.”
Baldur nodded, he saw the sense in what she said. “I’ll have Sigrun order in a late lunch. We can take it on the roof top.” Ariel could have sworn she saw a trace of sadness in his eyes. 
You’re a selfish, self-centered son of bitch, she thought, but you’re not really a killer, are you? You don’t have the temperament for it—you’d rather not do it. If it just wasn’t so damn necessary in my case, huh?
She said none of what she was thinking, of course. Instead she lay down, and a few minutes later when he came back into the room, he said nothing as he lay the inside of his left forearm along her bare thigh and they began.  
There was something mesmerizing about the linkage. Ariel was fairly certain that Baldur and Siarnaq experienced it too. News reports and stock prices floated through a mind lulled into a state of relaxation, and she fought to try some of the techniques that Jake had suggested.
She needed to think about something that Baldur would largely ignore. Cosmetics. Estee Lauder. How was Ms. Lauder doing? How was she going to be doing? How about her friend L’Oréal? Were things looking good or not so good for the hair and skin care business these days? 
The hope was that Ariel’s concentration would force these stocks far enough into Baldur’s worldview, that he might chance a small investment in them, and Mikkel and Cillian could then place a much larger bet on the same table. Ariel reminded herself that the entire Dublin Ullow office was tied into what was happening. Toby and Nell and even her freakin’ mother were following along as best they all could, ready to pounce in and help when the time was right. 
Breathe deeply. Think about feminine hygiene products. Bras. Playtex. How was Playtex doing? Wait, Playtex had been bought out by Energizer. Okay, bras, tampons and batteries. Ariel let her mind drift in ways that she hoped would help her friends.

The break was friendly enough and the food surprisingly good. It was in the fifties outside, comfortable enough in the sunshine on the roof wearing only light jackets. Sigrun had gotten them an assortment of cold appetizers to snack on, and it wasn’t until Ariel saw the little sushi rolls that she began to study Sigrun’s backside more carefully as the woman retreated downstairs. That thick black hair was almost certainly a wig. Could Nell have managed to be here somehow? Or was the inclusion of her favorite food just a fluke?
“I love sushi,” Baldur said, actually licking the sauce off of his fingers. “I wonder how this new girl guessed. And look. Greek dolmades. Now that’s not something you see every day in Iceland.” 
The dolmades clinched it. Sigrun had to be a well disguised Nell. 
Baldur gestured over the to stairs. “This girl is a temp, but I may have to keep her.” Then sadness flickered across his face again. Ariel made a mental note to try to find a way to let the Dublin office know that Baldur was likely closing the d4 office once this session was over. He liked his office. He was probably going to miss it. You never knew what piece of knowledge might be useful.

The second session of the day centered on stocks better traded directly in New York and on a few futures in the agricultural section handled through the Chicago Board of Trade. Ariel changed her personal strategy to focusing on Jake’s second suggestion, and worked her own premories to precall trades and then watch for ones that Baldur passed on after all.
“You’re paying more attention to what I do than you were this morning,” he remarked after a while.
“I was getting a little bored,” she shrugged. “I’m trying to stay awake and keep my head in the game.”
“Good girl,” he murmured as he typed. He’d gone to sitting on a bar stool and using a laptop, and had rolled up his pants so that he could drape his bare leg over her exposed back as she lay face down for a while.  The change in position might have looked silly, but it was doing them both good.
Mikkel had a point, she thought. Not just about sex, either. Human touch brought people closer. It was hard to dislike someone with whom you shared prolonged contact. She remembered her mother speaking of losing the last vestiges of her white Texan prejudice once she took over the face painting booth at her children’s school carnival. Hours of holding, and decorating the skin of the children of, people once considered “others” had affected her mom; it had taught her about the common humanity of all on a very visceral level.
“Face Painting for World Peace” had become one of her mother’s favorite themes, and had been the title of the magazine article that she had written and finally sold last spring. Hadn’t her mother been bothered by some news outlet making fun of what she had written? Ariel felt bad that with everything else that was going on, she’d never asked her mother about how that was going. 
Ariel resolved to bring it up next time she talked to her mom. Better yet, she’d be able to point out how touch apparently even softened your fear of someone contemplating hurting you, if that touch was gentle, ongoing, and bore no malice in the moment. Ariel was guessing, even hoping, that this worked two ways. The more contact they shared, the harder it would be for Baldur to harm her. At best that reticence might force him to delay, and even a few seconds of delay could be good. 
“Where have you drifted off to?” he asked irritably. “I’ve been getting children’s toys and now who the hell is SHW?” He hit a few keys. “Sherwin-Williams Company? Painting? Could we get back to the financial sector, please?”
“Sorry.” Ariel made an effort to focus on the market sector that was Baldur’s favorite and also the one that probably offered the greatest rewards. She didn’t need him unhappy with her, and she wanted him to do well almost as badly as he did. 

She wondered what to expect when they parted for the night. One disturbing possibility was that all the touching had aroused him sexually. Ariel stopped herself. Intimacy wouldn’t matter a bit to a man accustomed to killing, but to an amateur like Baldur with little stomach for it to begin with, she needed to acknowledge that sex with him could increase her chances for survival. She’d hardly be the first woman who’d pretended pleasure to stay alive, unsettling as the prospect was. 
But no, he was all business as the New York Stock Exchange closed at 8:30 pm in Iceland. She worried for a second that he might think he had made plenty of money already. He could do away with her now while no one was around and before he lost his nerve. She’d be less likely to suspect anything. No, she told herself.  He wanted what he could get from tomorrow’s trading. She could count on his greed, if nothing else.
As he shut down the computers Sigrun knocked on the door lightly and let herself in.
“I told you to go home at 6:30,” Baldur said in irritation.
“Oh, I know, but I wanted to be here to call a cab for the young lady, make sure she got out of here okay.” Definitely Nell, Ariel thought, even though she could barely detect her friend through the disguise.
Baldur said something in Icelandic and Sigrun looked at him blankly for a second. Oh dear. Ariel jumped in with the first thing that popped into her mind. 
“So you want me to be here again at seven a.m. or will something more like a quarter till eight work?”
“Seven thirty—no later,” Baldur said to her then he turned back to Sigrun and looked at her in expectation. She looked him back in the eye and said something that sounded like “yeg ski.” She turned to Ariel. 
“Good night. Your cab should be here in a few minutes. See you tomorrow.” 
Baldur reached for his coat as well. “I’ll let you change,” he said amiably. “I trust that I can continue to depend on your desire to help your comrades, though of course you must know that I do have a bit of extra security assigned to you tonight as well. Wouldn’t want anything to happen to you at such a critical point in our collaboration.”
“I’ll do as I agreed,” she assured him. Then on a whim, she asked, “What are you going to do after tomorrow?”
“I’m going to get ready to be extremely rich,” he said. 
“Obviously. We’ll take our one percent of that, and part with no issues,” she agreed. “It will take a few months before either of us really reaps the benefits though. I’m guessing that you won’t need to do this ever again with me, will you?”
“I think that you’re right. Lots of money makes more money, and even with normal investing and mere conventional odds my wealth will now grow at a rate far greater than any economy. I have you to thank for that, you and the fact that your success rate turns out to be much higher than anything I hoped for.”
Ariel nodded as though none of this was a surprise to her. It wasn’t, and she couldn’t see anything to be gained by pretending otherwise. 
“I’ll be busy for a while,” Baldur continued, “just spacing out exactly how I can best cash in on these trades in ways least likely to cause suspicion. My next order of business, as you probably know, will be to get the rules changed regarding high frequency trading. I need to take away the artificial advantages now in place, to make sure that no one in d4 gets any ideas about following in my footsteps. Luckily I’m better at this than any of the rest of them, so unlike them I’ll always be able to use my natural skills a little in the day trading arena if I want or need to. That means that you and I can part as two people who once had a business arrangement.”
He has thrown out all his earlier thoughts of trying to include me in his life, she thought. Very well. After tomorrow I am nothing but a liability to him and I know it.
“I do have a sense of honor,” he added, and she heard a certain defensiveness in his voice. “I have decided that no matter how powerful I become or what else happens, I will uphold my agreement to never interfere with your friend’s space project, or with anything else involving Mikkel or Siarnaq, even if doing so is to my advantage. So there. You’ve bought your two lovers shelter from me, and there aren’t many who will be able to claim that eventually.”
“That’s nice to know,” she said. “Then we continue to have an agreement.”
“The night watchman will lock up after you go,” he said as he left. “I will see you in the morning.”
Ariel was exhausted by the time she got back to the hotel and could hardly stay awake until the room service she ordered arrived. Matters were worse because all of the prolonged contact with Baldur seemed to have created a new problem. She was now getting little aftershocks of short-term premories, snippets of the next few seconds that were nothing but annoying. She busied herself making handwritten notes about trades Baldur had passed on but Mikkel might want to make on his own later, and in an hour or so the little flickers stopped. Ariel chalked it up to fatigue and too much time spent melding. 
Because Baldur obviously knew where she was staying, any communication through the hotel internet was painfully easy for him to pay someone to access. She opted for a quick “I’m in Iceland safely and all is well” email that went only to her co-workers that Baldur knew. She sent nothing more.
She fell asleep trying to premember anything from next week, next month, anytime ahead. All that sunk in was that the likely futures had split into one of two kinds. There was no longer an Ariel being held prisoner, no longer an Ariel working with Baldur, no longer any of the other odd variations.  There was either a future in which she was safe, completely safe and relieved as hell, or there was a future in which she wasn’t at all.

******

Early Tuesday morning, Baldur made the call. He’d spent a restless night with the sensation of touching Ariel’s silky, lightly freckled skin drifting through his dreams. He recognized lust, and he also saw an admiration growing for the young woman who had so unexpectedly accelerated his plans beyond his wildest dreams. 
Any alternative that involved him spending a second longer with her than he needed was dangerous. For the first time in his life, Baldur wasn’t sure he could trust himself to do what was in his own best interest.  So someone else would have to be told to do it, and they’d best be given those instructions before he lost the nerve to do even that.
His pilot didn’t question the change in plans. Of course he could fly a couple of guys over to some small town in Greenland Wednesday morning instead of taking Baldur to the Caribbean. No, he didn’t need to check the cabin personally to see who was on board. Yes, he could remain seated in the cockpit and keep the door to the cabin closed, no matter what sorts of sounds he heard. He understood that sometimes a man such as Baldur had a need for extreme discretion. He would be glad to fly the plane exactly as directed and not leave his seat. But the pilot balked at Baldur’s last request.
“No, I will not fly without a co-pilot,” he said. “That’s a stupid thing to do.”
Baldur rolled his eyes. Okay, it probably was stupid.
“I have a compromise,” Baldur said. “I don’t want to involve any more people with this flight than is absolutely necessary. Geirs, my head of security, will be one of the two men on board.  I’ll make a few calls and see that his co-worker that day has a pilot’s license. I’ll even make sure that he’s been checked out on a Hawker 800 and I’ll get the paperwork forwarded to you ahead of time so you don’t have to worry. Can you work with that?”
“You think you can find this person with almost no advance notice?” his pilot asked.
“The security company I contract with is phenomenally accommodating,” Baldur assured him.  “I’ll let you know if there’s a problem. If you don’t hear from me, it’s wheels up for you at ten-thirty tomorrow and all you need to do is just focus on flying the plane.  

******

Zane stared at the tiny ancient woman with skepticism written all over his face.
“She doesn’t speak English. I’m her great-grandson. I can translate for you,” the teenaged boy said. He had driven his grandmother, no make that his great-grandmother, halfway across Iceland in winter to meet Zane at the cheery yellow and black Kronan grocery store on the south edge of Reykjavik. The three of them were standing next to the frozen pizzas.
“Her children played with Baldur’s parents.  She knew those parents, she’s met their two sons, she says she can find Baldur’s brain for you.”
Zane winced a little at the terminology but he thought he got the idea even though he was severely jet lagged and still getting his arms around this whole telepathy thing.
“We just need a vague sense of what Baldur is planning,” Zane answered. “We think he’s going to try to kill my sister. I’m here to help her, but I need some idea of where to start.”
The boy nodded, and he turned to the elderly woman and spoke in Icelandic. She listened, they exchanged a few words, and then she closed her eyes, leaned back against the freezer, and started to moan and keen. Zane looked around in embarrassment, but nobody else in the store appeared to be particularly bothered. This went on for several long minutes until finally the woman stopped and opened her eyes wide and yelled what had to be an obscenity in angry Icelandic.
“Langamma!” the boy said, embarrassed. “I’m sorry,” he added to Zane. “She’s not herself when she comes out of these.”
Zane was quickly deciding that this was a colossal waste of time on a day when he had no time to spare, but then the woman began talking to her great-grandson in rapid words filled with fury. She went for two or three minutes before she quieted down.
“She says that Baldur has become a very bad man. Very selfish, very greedy, and now he prepares to kill a red-haired girl—she could be your sister—to protect all his money. She knows details, and if you like she says that she will give them all to you.”
Well, Zane did have to admit that it sounded like the woman had found Baldur’s brain all right. 
“Tell her yes, I would like to know everything she can tell me.” 
 27. Last Day of Trading

Ariel slept poorly. The next morning she treated herself to all of the room service coffee she could hold while she fooled around on her computer and sent a terse email back to the office letting them know that things were progressing as expected. Then she had an idea. She found a 12:45 a.m. flight out of Iceland that night and booked a seat, deciding to tell Baldur late in the day that she was leaving right after the two of them finished that evening. She doubted that he would let her go, but maybe if she caught him by surprise he would still be hesitating about what to do with her and she could be gone before he came to a decision. It was worth a shot.
She didn’t even bother with business clothes, but just pulled sweats over what she had worn yesterday, crammed everything into her suitcase, and then checked out of her room. 
She took the cab through the dark streets of Reykjavik to arrive at the d4 offices by 7:30. Baldur was already in his trading room fooling with his screens when she arrived. Sigrun gave her a careful “Halo” and then reached across the reception desk and squeezed her arm. The silent, hidden gesture spoke volumes. I’m here, it said. I’m on your side. 
Tears started to well up in Ariel’s eyes, as fear, fatigue and gratitude mixed together to form something almost too strong to control. Ariel managed to stop the tears before they flowed down her face. She took a few breaths, and marched into the trading room. 
Baldur looked up, glanced at his watch and said nothing. Ariel removed her outer layers of clothing in silence and crawled up onto the table as though she was preparing for a particularly uncomfortable root canal. She looked at the clock. Twenty minutes until the opening bell. She should have slept later. She closed her eyes and tried to doze.
Twenty minutes later when he laid his left hand just below her neck and started trading without so much as a hello, she was annoyed,
“I’m here,” she hissed. 
“I can tell,” he answered without looking in her direction. 
“Fuck you,” she answered and she felt his hand tighten slightly on her throat, though he said nothing. Then as he finished typing in something rapidly, he added, “Fuck you too.”
Ariel changed her position twice after that and Baldur readjusted his, but neither of them said another word for the next four hours.
“I’ve ordered in lunch,” Sigrun said as she knocked on the door and walked in. “It’s a little too cold on the roof today, so I set you up in one of the conference rooms. I hope that’s okay.”
“Sure,” Baldur said. “We need to stop for a bit anyway.” He turned to Ariel. “Stretch your legs. It will help you to stay alert.”
“I’m alert,” Ariel answered. Sigrun tiptoed out without saying a word.
After lunch Baldur and Ariel once again worked in silence, but Ariel had to stop twice in the afternoon to ask for coffee and go to the bathroom.  Baldur looked irritated each time Ariel took a break, but he said nothing. 
In the ladies room she took the time to stretch her muscles as well as she could, moving effortlessly into a few of her favorite yoga poses. This wasn’t just for the sake of her own comfort. Although the windowless restroom offered no avenue of escape, and in fact the eighth floor office itself offered her no easy way to run, she had to consider that she still might have to sprint on foot or even try to fight, once the trading was over. She needed her body as well as her mind to be at its best.
They took another one-hour break in the early evening, and Ariel took an analgesic for the fatigue headache that had started hours ago. Sigrun brought in sandwiches and insisted that she would stay in the office as long as they did, in case they needed anything. This time Baldur didn’t argue with her. Ariel thought that he might have been relieved not to have to be alone with her.
“I’ve changed my airline ticket and I’m going to fly home tonight,” Ariel said as she lay down on the table after dinner. “There is a red eye over to Copenhagen that I can make easily if I leave here when New York closes. I’ll have lots of ways to get back to Dublin from there.”
Baldur shook his head. “You should have discussed that with me first. I decided over dinner that I’m going to need you to stay through the night tonight. We haven’t made as many trades as I had hoped, and so we’re going to work both Tokyo and Hong Kong once they open. We need to get some exposure in Asia before you and I call it quits.”
“I thought you said last time that was the one place that we were the least effective. Why would you want to bother?”
“I did say that,” Baldur answered, “but I’ve decided that we need to use every avenue open to us. You’ll stay the night.” 
“I will not,” Ariel said, deciding that she had nothing to lose by pushing back. “This wasn’t part of our agreement and I don’t do all-nighters.” 
“Yes it was and yes you do. The agreement was that you stay until I decide that we are done. We’re not done. We’re going to try the Australian Securities Exchange tonight while we are at it; I think we might do better there. You’ll make more money too, and we’ll stop at dawn. You can go home first thing in the morning.”
Ariel was exhausted, and her muscles were cramping, and she was tired of playing games. “What if I refuse?” she asked.
“You won’t,” Baldur said with confidence. “You see, I’ve learned more about Mikkel over the last week. I once thought he was merely a man with a silly dream about outer space. Useless, in my personal opinion, but he was entitled to it nonetheless. If you wished to help him with it, then that was your business too. However, my former secretary seemed to think that your boyfriend,” Baldur put extra sarcasm on the last word, “had some misguided lofty idea that he is saving humanity by doing this. Clearly we’ve moved beyond impractical and gone into the realm of the deluded, here, don’t you agree?”
“I wonder whatever gave Hulda such an idea?” Ariel said.
“I wondered the same thing. So I asked. Turns out she had developed a bit of a social relationship with some of you over at Ullow that I was unaware of. I found the omission odd. Don’t you?”
“What happened to Hulda?” Answering an awkward question with a question of your own was one of the best business strategies that Ariel had ever learned.
“I’d like to know that myself. She seems to have gone missing. Didn’t show up for work at the end of last week and I finally had to go hire a temp. And yet, here you are, and so I have to conclude that you are still interested in helping Mikkel. From what I understand, you are helping Cillian too.”
“I am.”
“And yet, I have to ask myself, what sort of girlfriend goes to these kind of lengths just to help fund a project of a man she is dating?”
Ariel said nothing.
“That’s what I thought. You believe this nonsense, too, don’t you? You wouldn’t dream of coming here and doing this with me except that you’ve bought into Mikkel’s insane idea.”  
“It’s far less crazy than you think,” Ariel said. “Mikkel’s cousin Siarnaq…”
“I know all about Mikkel’s cousin Siarnaq,” Baldur said, with no patience. “I’ve met him. He believes every bit of every gloomy outcome he’s ever seen a possibility for.”
“That’s not so unreasonable. You believe what your abilities tell you. And mine, too,” Ariel said.
“True. Because we can test them out. There is no way to test the sort of nonsense Siarnaq is worried about. Who knows what will really happen in hundreds of years? Honestly, who cares? Why—seriously—why would a beautiful girl like you with a bright future ahead, why would you throw away one bit of your own opportunities to protect people that you will never meet? Something bad may happen to them and maybe it won’t and you’ll never know.”
Ariel realized that from Baldur’s point of view, the question made perfect sense. 
“If you were late to catch a plane and on the way you saw a building burning with no one around, would you stop and call the fire department because the fire might spread and hurt people?” Ariel asked.
“It depends,” Baldur said. “How windy is it? How bad do I want to make the plane? Can I call while I’m driving? What are the odds someone else will call?”
“Suppose you are able to know that it is the worst combination of all of those,” she said.
“Okay. If the flight is extremely important to me, I keep driving. If I get time once I board the plane, then I call.”
“It’s too late by then. There is an orphanage next door and the kids have all burnt to death.”
Baldur laughed. “You do believe this nonsense, don’t you? That’s the best I could have hoped for. You’re not here because you’re being nice to a guy you think is cute, you’re here because you imagine that you are somehow doing something important, making a sacrifice that is going to matter to the whole human race.”
“And that makes you happy because?” Ariel asked.
“Because you’re tired, really tired, and you want to go home tonight. And yet you are going to give me your absolute best all night long until I have done everything I need to do. You’re going to do it because you think you’re saving humanity and this extra trading will help you do that. That is great. Hilarious, but great.”
He turned away from her and starting typing into his keyboard and said no more.
A couple of hours later Baldur turned away from his screens abruptly. “Your mind is wandering again, you need to get up and move around.  I have to make some phone calls anyway.” He chuckled. “Take a break from saving the world and be back in fifteen.”
Baldur patted her on the arm the way one might touch a silly but cute pet. It was a gesture with no thought or meaning, but it was all that she needed. His touch took her to his frequency for a second and she saw him a minute from now, making a phone call, and she knew what the call was about.
He was calling the hangar to confirm a change of plans he had made that morning with his plane and his flight crew, a change of plans intended to result in Ariel’s death. Her mind flew to the far outlying probabilities she’d seen a few weeks ago, and she remembered a puzzling premory of her floundering in ice cold water, getting drowsier by the second as she fought to maintain consciousness while she knew that there was no possible way that rescue could arrive in time. 
The plane must go down over the ocean. Baldur was probably going to insist she accept a ride home in his plane and then maybe fix it so it would have problems. Somehow she would survive the emergency landing and would make it safely into the sea, and then she would die of hypothermia there. She and someone else. Or he might live and she died. Or she might live and he died and that was incredibly sad too. The slight probabilities that she had seen and ignored were now approaching certainly. What to do? How could she change these odds?
Ariel headed to the restroom, thinking it might help her think if she could splash some cold water on her face. She saw that Nell, disguised as Sigrun, was just leaving the ladies room and Ariel motioned with her head. Nell understood and turned around and went back inside. I have an ally here, Ariel thought. There has to be a way.
“Do you know anybody over here?” Ariel whispered once they were inside.
Nell shook Sigrun’s heavy black hair. “No, but Hulda does. She’s in my earpiece—she’s listening to everything, giving me instructions, translating Icelandic for me. Hey, any good actor can fake an accent, but I hardly speak of the language. So they’ve got her patched in so that she can handle phone calls directly while I listen in, and then she tells me what was said. It’s how I’m managing. She’s also checking in with your office every so often, letting them know that you’re still okay.”
That made sense. “Can Hulda possibly help you find a wetsuit at this time of night? A really good one, with booties and gloves and hood and enough tape for all the seams? Five millimeters thick at least, and six would be better.”
Nell stared at her.
“I’ve done some diving. I know something about this. Look, I’m pretty sure I’m going to need one by tomorrow. No, I’m going to need two. Somebody is going to be with me and I don’t want him to die. So it’s not Baldur. The pilot maybe? It’s a he, so make the second suit sized for an average male.”
Nell looked at her watch. It was almost eight thirty at night so buying wetsuits wasn’t an option. “Hulda probably can figure out a way to do this,” Nell said, “but then what?”
“Get the suits here somehow. Throw away all the clothes in my luggage—just make sure that Baldur doesn’t see them. Then cram the wetsuits into my suitcase. That way I’ll have them with me, and I’ll find a way to use them. I’ll have to figure out how the plane goes down. It can’t be a crash. Maybe he puts a hole in a fuel tank?”
Nell started at her through Sigrun’s face. “Look under the wetsuits for guns and knives, too,” she said. “Personally I think those might be more useful and I’m going to stash any weapon in there that I can get my hands on.”
Ariel started to thank her, but they heard Baldur calling for Sigrun from the hallway. Nell put her finger to her lips and left the restroom.
As the evening moved on towards late night, Ariel insisted a couple of times on a bathroom break and each time she gave Nell a questioning look. The first time Nell shook her head and shrugged, but the second time Ariel got a smile and a nod.

It was almost three in the morning when Sigrun brought in more coffee and slices of cake. Baldur agreed to a break, saying that he needed to stop and make a few more calls. This time Ariel checked both exits and found a security guard posted at both. Of course. Running had never been a good option. She did a quick fifteen-minute yoga routine in the ladies room, begging her body to stay alert. On the way back, she saw Nell with her head on Sigrun’s desk, sound asleep.
“Why didn’t you just have me come over here for three days instead and do this in shifts?” she complained to Baldur in a none-too-friendly tone as she came into the room.
“In retrospect I should have,” he agreed. “I am wearing out as well, you know. But now that you’re here and we’re pushing our way through, let’s finish and be done with this and done with each other.”
A few hours after that Baldur’s trades began to drop to one every ten or fifteen minutes, and Ariel suspected that they had both run out of steam. The first glimmer of light finally appeared in the window around 9 a.m., although the slow sunrise was still an hour and a half away. 
“We’re done,” Baldur announced as he glanced up and saw the dawn, and frankly Ariel thought that he looked every bit as relieved as she felt.
“Did you do it this way just to wear me out?” she asked as she stood up on shaky legs.
“It wasn’t my original plan, but I suppose that was one advantage of this approach. You are more cooperative when you’re exhausted.”
“So now what happens?” Ariel said.
“I put you on a plane,” he said. “You’re much too tired to fly commercial. I called the hangar late last night. My pilot is expecting you and my driver will take you over. My head of security and I are going to ride along and make sure you get off safely.”
Yeah, Ariel thought. Of course you are.

When they left the office soon after, Nell was still sound asleep with her head on the desk. Ariel was surprised that her friend could sleep so soundly for so long in such an uncomfortable position, but then she dozed herself as soon as she got into in the car. When they got to the airport almost an hour later, she noticed that the sun was above the horizon. 
“It has been a pleasure,” Baldur said simply as she took her bag away from Geirs and rolled it over to the plane herself. She looked inside the aircraft. The door to the cockpit was closed. Geirs was standing behind her, waiting to follow her up the steps. She looked at him puzzled.
“Geirs will be going with you. Ariel, I want you to know that you’ve done your part and done it well,” he said. He gave a little shrug. “This is the best I could come up with for you.” 
 Ariel willed her tired brain to think. Geirs was Baldur’s trusted employee. Ariel doubted that Baldur would do something as inefficient as killing Geirs, so maybe he hadn’t sabotaged the plane. 
She tried to focus on the future. Was there more emptiness in the weeks ahead if she walked onto the plane, or less? There was a good bit of it either way, she noticed with real fear, but definitely less if she put one foot in front of the other and went with this. Very well, onto the plane it was. She settled into one of the soft cushioned chairs, and before the plane had even taken off she had fallen back into a sleep far deeper than she intended.

******

Cillian and Eoin had left on a red eye out of Dublin the night before. It was late morning by the time they had their rental car and made their first phone call to Baldur. Eoin was the one who had decided it would be best to just contact the man once he was on the ground and explain to his client that he was in Iceland and on the way over because he had to talk to him in person that morning. Cillian’s presence could just be a surprise. 
They thought that their best hope was that Baldur had allowed Ariel to return home already, opting to give himself time to eliminate her in a way that would not point so directly to him. Worst case, Cillian and Eoin guessed that Ariel might still be tucked away in the offices of d4. If Nell was still maintaining her charade then she could help them find Ariel. They knew that Ariel’s family and y1 were ready to provide assistance too, standing by for any call for help and actively seeking ways to ensure Ariel’s safety, once they all knew more. 
Baldur didn’t answer his cell phone, and after a few tries, Eoin called the landline at the d4 office. Nell answered.
“Thank god it’s you,” they both said at once, and then laughed. Eoin explained to Nell that they were on their way into Reykjavik to see Baldur.
“He’s not here,” Nell said, adding in embarrassment that she had fallen asleep at her desk sometime in the wee hours of the morning and had only woken up a bit ago only to find both Ariel and Baldur gone.
“Why were you all there in the middle of the night?” Eoin asked.
Nell explained how Ariel had been persuaded at the last minute to work with Baldur through the night so they could tap into the Asian markets.
 “I asked Hulda to let you guys know. She talked to Fergus and Ronan who were manning the phone last night. They said you were coming and they told her to sit tight and see how things evolved. I didn’t want to leave Ariel alone here with him so I stayed, but I don’t know how much use I was,” she said.
“Can you find out where they are now?” Cillian asked.
“That’s the problem,” Nell answered. “Baldur left me a very specific note saying he and Geirs left at 9:30 this morning to take Ariel to the airport. He gave me her flight number, seat number, confirmation number, everything, you name it, and he asked me to call Ullow and let everyone there know that she was safely on her way home. So I called the office right after I woke up.”
“That’s great news” Cillian said.
“Not really. Someone at the hangar for Baldur’s private plane called here not long after that looking for Geirs. He was supposed to be on a flight leaving at ten-thirty.”
“So they dropped Geirs off after Ariel,” Cillian surmised.
“Not possible.  Hulda is taking all these calls, remember, she’s handling them in Icelandic and then filling me in afterwards. She knows that Baldur’s private plane flies out of a much smaller airport and it is a good two hours in the opposite direction.”
“So you think they didn’t really put Ariel on a commercial flight at all? It could be that the three of them were running late getting to the private hanger and maybe they are all on Baldur’s plane instead. That wouldn’t be good. I wonder where Baldur would take her?”
Nell gave an audible sigh. “I don’t know. Hulda is trying to reach the folks back at Ullow now to figure out what to do. Look, I’ve got another call coming in. Maybe it’s Baldur. Sit tight. I’ll get right back to you.”

******

Stocks and newscasts and prices floated through Ariel’s dreams. She was lying on a table, uncomfortable, with strange hands touching her, and she couldn’t move. She realized that her leg was falling asleep and tried to move it, waking up in alarm only to realize that she actually could not move her leg. What the hell?
She turned behind her and saw that her right wrist was held behind her back, firmly attached to her left ankle with a plastic band. Geirs was studying her from the other end of the cabin.
“I’m sorry. Baldur told me not to restrain you, but I’ve seen you fight. A little restraint appeared to be a good idea.”
“Un. Tie. Me. Now.” Ariel said it with all the force she could find, as the copilot made his way back into the cabin to see what the noise was about. He wasn’t as big a man as Geirs, and she supposed that much was lucky, because she was willing to bet that they were working together. Could she take both of these guys out?
“Make. Me.” Geirs responded.
“That was probably the wrong thing to say,” the copilot muttered quietly.

******

Eoin and Cillian drove towards town, discussing options for where Ariel might find herself going. After a few minutes Nell called back and Cillian took the call.
“Sorry it took so long. Baldur isn’t taking her anywhere. I’ve found out now that Baldur isn’t even on his plane.”
“That’s worse,” Cillian decided. “How do you know?”
“Because his pilot just had a call patched through to here. He told Hulda that he had to talk to Baldur immediately, and Hulda told him that was nonsense because Baldur was with him. He told Hulda that no, Baldur wasn’t. Hulda and I both figure the pilot knows who is on the plane. So she offers to relay a message, and he tells her that there has been a lot of noise going on in the back cabin and that he hasn’t seen the co-pilot in a while. Apparently Baldur ordered the pilot to stay in the cockpit, and now he wants permission to go back and check on things.”
Cillian felt icy tendrils move throughout his body. “That’s really not good.”
“You think,” Nell agreed. “Damn. Phone’s ringing again. Let me call you back.”
“A noise means a scuffle,” Eoin said when he heard the news. “It means Ariel is alert enough to put up a fight.” He was refusing to give up hope. “For all we know she’s got everybody but the pilot tied up in the back of the plane by now.” Cillian gave him a weak smile and they made nervous jokes until the phone rang with Nell calling back. 

******

Ariel wasn’t sure why, but Geirs’s childish taunt annoyed her. She didn’t take time to think about it. The position he had locked her into would have held most men and many women immobile, but it was barely a challenge for someone as limber as Ariel. She managed to bring her arm and leg under her body and in a single motion she slammed a foot hard into Geirs’s stomach before she lost the element of surprise. 
He doubled over but grabbed for her legs. The adrenaline had started the little aftershocks going again in her brain and she saw his grab a fraction of a second before it happened. It was enough for her to know that she needed to latch on to his leg with her unfettered left hand and do something to cause him a great deal of hurt. She bit him in the ankle as hard as she could. It wasn’t elegant, but he screamed in pain, and that’s when the copilot pulled out a syringe.

******

“This could be good news,” Nell offered. “That was the hangar calling me this time. They just found the co-pilot tied up in a supply closet sleeping off a dose of ketamine. Which is very odd, because the man at the hangar told Hulda that he clearly saw the co-pilot board the plane.”
“You might have lost me there,” Cillian complained.
“Me too, but then I remembered that Ariel said her brother has talents a lot like mine. So I figure if I can be a temp named Sigrun, why couldn’t her brother have ended up as the co-pilot?”
“That’s a little far-fetched,” Cillian said. “I guess we should call Toby or Ariel’s family, though, and see if they decided to take matters into their own hands.” 
“Hang on, it’s ringing again,” Nell said.

******

The co-pilot stuck the syringe in Geirs’s arm.
“Thanks. I was wondering how I was ever going to get this into him,” he said, and Ariel noticed that the guy was looking more like her brother Zane every second.
“What the hell?” she said again.
“Ariel, you’re doing a fine job of rescuing yourself here, but I thought, you know, you maybe could use a little help. So I had the guy who was supposed to be the co-pilot take a nap for a few hours while I filled in for him.” 
“What about the pilot?” Ariel whispered
“Oh, he’s Baldur’s man alright. But he’s been instructed to stay in the cockpit and not come back here no matter what. He told me so.”
“So what were you thinking, Zane? I’ve seen this. This plane goes down in the ocean.”
“No it doesn’t.” Zane kept looking at his watch. “We’re flying at five thousand feet. Geirs and I are supposed to open the emergency exit and dump you out over the North Atlantic. Then the pilot takes us on to some bogus stop over in Greenland where we lay low for a while. You go missing, Baldur and Geirs say they took you to the airport in Reykjavik for your normally scheduled flight, swear they don’t know why you never boarded the plane, but imply it has to do with you embezzling funds.”
“That asshole,” Ariel said. “So what’s your plan?”

******

Eoin and Cillian were getting close to the city center when Eoin’s phone rang again. 
“That was Baldur’s driver calling me this time,” Nell said. “Guess what he wanted?”
“I’m not even going to try,” Cillian answered.
“He’s new, and he didn’t know that I’m a temp so he called me for advice. The driver confirmed that Ariel and Geirs both left on Baldur’s private plane and Baldur did not. He said that Baldur looked despondent and would hardly talk after they left the hangar and that Baldur had him drive over to Laugardalur, a big park east of city center here in Reykjavik. I guess that Baldur told the driver to wait for him. Baldur is there now, sitting in the hottest of the bathing pools. The driver is worried because he’s been in there a while, staring straight ahead with tears running down his cheeks, and the driver wondered if maybe he should call someone.”
“Nell, you and Hulda could not have been more helpful,” Cillian said. “We’ve got it from here.”

******

“My plan is that we jump out over the North Atlantic,” Zane said with a notable lack of enthusiasm. “Of our own free will. You’ve parachuted before, right?”
“Yeah, about twelve times,” Ariel said. Her brother rolled his eyes. “Zane, it’s easy to enjoy things like that when you can see yourself almost certainly having a happy life a month later. It’s not that I’m as daring as everyone thinks I am. I get to know that I’ll be fine.”
“Yeah, well, I don’t get to see myself safe like you do,” Zane replied.
“Then why don’t we just make the pilot take us somewhere we want to go?” Ariel asked. “That way you don’t have to jump out of anything.”
Zane shook his head. “I think that’s a great idea. But Toby thinks that Baldur will be tracking the plane. Go where we’re supposed to and Baldur’s men met us there. Go somewhere else and his men still meet us there. He says it’s best to get you out of this aircraft altogether. So in exactly,” Zane squinted at a watch “eight minutes and twelve seconds, we are going out that door.” 
“Why such exact timing?” Ariel asked.
“At this low altitude, we need to open our chutes right away, and we need our ride to be down there waiting on us,” Zane said.
“Oh yeah. You don’t last long in that ice water. Didn’t you see Titanic? You die in a couple of minutes. How sure are you that this is going to work?”
“Positive,” Zane said. “Toby’s been sailing for decades and he knows exactly what he is doing. Plus, I’ve got a GPS tracker on me and our parachutes come with these little inflatable things to crawl onto once we’re in the water. We’ll be fine.”
Ariel finally understood. “No we won’t. I’m such an idiot. The plane doesn’t go down. What I was seeing was us jumping in the water ourselves and finding out that Toby isn’t there. By the time we hit the ocean we’re way too cold to inflate anything fast enough and we die. Or at least one of us does, because in the best of cases he can’t get to us both.”

******

Fifteen minutes later Eoin had found a place to park, and a local store near Laugardalur had sold them both cheap swim trunks. They had showered naked under watchful eyes as required by the park’s regulations and marched over to the small, very hot body of water that now held only Baldur and two other bathers. Apparently public displays of grief worked well here for emptying out a hot pool. Baldur didn’t even look up at them as they got in, but the remaining two bathers decided this was as good a time as any to go.
“You need to let her live,” Cillian announced in his deep brogue as he climbed into the hot water.
“It’s too late for that,” Baldur replied without looking at him.
“Are you sure?” Eoin barked out the question.
Baldur shook his head and shrugged. “Maybe not. Maybe.” 
“Dammit man, then make a call.” Eoin thrust his cell phone at Baldur. “See if you can stop whatever nonsense you’ve started.”

******

“What do you mean one or both of us die?” Zane ask, horrified.
“I mean that I’ve seen this scene before. You’re the person with me, only I didn’t get it. You’re the person I’m so sad is dying too. Or dying instead of me because Toby has been told that it’s more important that I live. Only now it doesn’t have to go that way. Look.”
Ariel pulled two garbage bags out from her roller bag. Out fell a couple of kitchen knives that she ignored. She handed Zane the bag that Nell had labeled “his.” 
“Get this on, quick. Boots, gloves, hoods, six-millimeter neoprene suit and, here, tape it anywhere two pieces meet. It will do the job, but it’s still gonna be cold going down so wear your hat and gloves and whatever else you can pull off easily on top of the wetsuit.”
Zane looked at his watch again. “We jump in exactly five minutes and four seconds. If you’re sure about this, we better get dressed fast and get our parachutes on.”
They pulled on the stretchy, uncooperative neoprene fabric as quickly as they could, and helped each other double check every clasp on the parachutes. With one minute to go they started to open the emergency door, thinking that they had plenty of time. 

******

“Can’t do that,” Baldur said. “If I stop it, I lose. I don’t win. I can’t do that.”
“You idiot,” Cillian said. “You don’t win anything. You think because you can do what you can, that makes you special? Wise? It makes you short-sighted—that’s what it does. You can’t see past the nose on your face. Let me show you what this is all about.”
He reached towards Baldur and Baldur backed away, remembering all too well the sting he had felt when Siarnaq touched him.
“I don’t care if it hurts a little, for me or for you,” Cillian yelled at him. “You are going to see. You are going to know. Here is what really happens, here is what really matters.”
Baldur turned to climb out before Cillian’s electric touch could shock him. An exasperated Eoin intervened. He grabbed Cillian’s wrist with his left hand and Baldur’s leg with his right hand and then screamed.

******

It was a poor moment to discover that the process of opening a door in a moving aircraft was more difficult than either Zane or Ariel realized. It took them almost two minutes before they figured out the mechanism. An extra minute at three-hundred miles an hour put them five miles away from a boat that would need ten long, cold minutes to travel that extra distance. At this point there was no survival without the wetsuits, and unless that boat was positioned as well as it could possibly be, there wasn’t even much chance of survival with them. 

******

The smell of searing flesh filled the pool as a crackle of electricity engulfed all three men and a whoosh of rapidly moving air made several nearby birds take off in panic. Horrified bathers in the other pools looked over to see three bodies slump into the water. 
One savvy guest picked up a phone and called for emergency help. Several others hopped out of their own pools to drag the bodies out. Staff came running from every direction as the most medically trained of the bystanders started resuscitation efforts on all three men, even though in one case there seemed to be little hope that the man could ever be revived. Still, it was only right to try.

******

Ariel stood in the doorway of the plane for a second, thinking her inexperienced brother should jump first and wishing he hadn’t refused to do so. As she took in the bright blue of the water and the even bluer heavens above she searched for something to say to help him follow her.  
“Jump and touch the sky,” she screamed, struggling to be heard over the sound of the engine and the wind. He pointed to his watch, and she flung herself out into the azure nothingness, enjoying a second of incredible quiet before she pulled the ripcord on her chute and began to float down to the sea.
One of the best sights she had seen in a long time popped into view above her a few seconds later, as Zane’s chute opened and he gave her a wave. The other best sight was below, a large speedboat still a few miles away but moving through the water as fast as it could travel. She knew that it was coming just so that those on board could pull her and Zane out of the ice-cold sea and take them home.

 28. Autumn in Seyðisfjörður

Thursday, November 29, news sources in Reykjavik reported that one man was killed and two others were severely injured Wednesday when a freak lightning strike hit one of the small hot bathing pools in Laugardalur Park. The deceased was identified as Eoin Finn, an Irish manager from a software company who was visiting a local client. The injured included his client, Baldur, the well known head of a local investment company, and an Irishman identified as Cillian McGrane who was also a client of the late Mr. Finn. Both injured men were reported to be in a coma, each in an intensive care unit at Landspitali.
Nell paced outside of the room where Cillian was being cared for. She was herself, not Sigrun, as the charade seemed pointless now. No one at the hospital had questioned how Cillian’s one friend had managed to arrive almost immediately while his other closest associate, a man named Brendan, was scurrying to get there. 
The bereaved Mrs. Finn was known to be traveling to Iceland with this Brendan, having announced over the phone that she intended to speak in person with the Ríkislögreglan, Iceland‘s police force, to learn more about her husband’s bizarre death before she made any arrangements to bring the body home. The hospital staff assumed that the woman suspected foul play.
Baldur’s father arrived mid-afternoon from the countryside, and he and Baldur’s chief counsel Ulfur remained in heated discussion in Icelandic in an adjoining waiting room. Nell did her best to hear as much of the conversation as possible, the little earpiece still transmitting to Hulda, who translated for Nell as best she could. It wasn’t surprising that most of the conversation seemed to center around the fate of Baldur’s considerable wealth if he remained unconscious indefinitely.

******

Ariel thought that the beautiful small Icelandic town of Seyðisfjörður would now always be one of her favorite places on Earth. As Toby’s rented speedboat made its way to the barren, snow covered docks in the deepening afternoon twilight, the many wooden buildings stood out in the remaining light, beaconing with the offer of comfort.
It had been difficult to hear each other as Toby used the expertise he had gained from years at sea to speed them safely back to Iceland, so talk on the trip back to shore had been minimal. Rather, Mikkel had gently placed earbuds in her cold ears, and then put his own dry, warm hat over her head while he played a song for her. It was Florence and the Machine singing their anthem of happiness “Dog Days are Over.” The message that her ordeal had finally ended sunk in as she enjoyed the music. Fatigue and emotion took over, and she let herself cry in relief.
Rooms were available at the small hotel in town. Better yet, there was a liquor store, and—bless these fine people—it was open too. The thoroughly chilled, damp foursome received food and care, and warm, dry clothes all around. Thankfully, they were asked remarkably few questions about why they had needed to rent a boat this time of year in the first place, or why two people had left the harbor in the morning and four people had returned before nightfall. 
 Now as they sat comfortable and dry in the common room of the hotel, they enjoyed a small snack of jam mixed with the local yogurt, called skyr, while those in the kitchen worked to prepare them something more substantial. A waitress brought them all a wonderful Icelandic porter, and the conversation flowed. Tomorrow would be soon enough to resume their journey. 
Zane and Toby were deep into analyzing the specifics of Toby’s intended takedown of d4 when Mikkel reached for Ariel’s hand under the table and held on to it tightly.
Ariel gave him a smile. “Don’t get too many ideas. I’m not going to Mars.”
“I know,” he said. “I’m just happy that you’re safe.” He hesitated, wondering if the time was right to say more. It probably wasn’t, but he had been giving Ariel’s thoughts on the subject a lot of consideration and he had a few observations of his own that he was anxious to share. His enthusiasm won out over his better judgment.
 “I hope that you realize that I wouldn’t dream of coercing anyone into making a sacrifice like that. But I also need to remind you that this expedition isn’t just something you sign up for, like a field trip. We expect to turn away at least a thousand candidates for every one we accept. There are a lot of people on this planet who want to do this, and some of them want to do it very badly. Some of those people bring incredible qualifications.” 
“I see. You don’t even think I’d make the cut, do you?” 
Damn. This wasn’t coming out quite the way that he had intended. “You might, Ariel. I don’t know. I was trying to take any feeling of pressure off of you, by pointing out that this wasn’t something you could simply agree to do. How about we save this for another time, and tonight we just enjoy the fact that you and your brother are safe?”
“Have you gotten any kind of word from Eoin and the people back at Ullow?” Toby interrupted, and Mikkel suspected that he and Ariel’s voices may have been getting louder than they realized. 
“No, but I was going to call them right after we warmed up and send word that everyone was okay.” Mikkel pulled out his phone and looked. “Six missed calls. How did that happen?”
Toby wondered as well. He had been more than happy to include the locally savvy engineer on his frantic trip across Iceland and then in his maritime scurry. He had assumed that Mikkel was handling communications with Ariel’s company all the while, but watching Mikkel and Ariel together, it was dawning even on Toby that Mikkel’s priorities were only with the young woman sitting next to him. It was clear that she was the reason that Mikkel had made such an effort to be on the rescue boat.
“Let me check my messages now. I’m going to step outside,” Mikkel said, a little flustered that he had dropped the ball. He came back a few minutes later, and it was apparent that something was very wrong.
“We had it handled. I do not understand why Cillian couldn’t have waited.” Mikkel sounded almost angry at the man.
“What did he do?” Ariel asked.
“He insisted on coming to Iceland this morning to confront Baldur. Thought he could change his mind about killing you, I guess, I don’t know. According to Brendan, Eoin insisted on going with him and somehow they both ended up with Baldur shortly after he put you on that plane to die.”
“The meeting went poorly?” Zane asked.
“Much worse. Eoin is dead, Baldur and Cillian are both unconscious,” Mikkel replied. “We’ve got to get to Reykjavik.”
“We can fly out before dawn,” Toby said, reaching for his phone. When Ariel looked puzzled, he added, “How do you think Mikkel and I got over to this town this morning? I rent boats. I rent planes. It’s a good thing that I like rescuing people and an even better one that I owe your brother a debt that can’t be repaid.”
“I’m ready to call it even after today,” Zane said.  

They were at the National University Hospital of Iceland by noon. Nell looked like she hadn’t slept in days, and Ariel realized that thanks to the woman’s clever impersonation of an Icelandic receptionist, she hadn’t.
“Any change?” Ariel asked. Nell shook her head. Brendan had been allowed to go in the room and they could see him through the window talking to an unconscious Cillian.
“The doctors say that he has plenty of brain function, so they think maybe he just needs time,” Nell told Ariel. “Do you think the electrical pulse between Baldur and Cillian was an intense variation of what happened when you and he touched?”
“Probably.” Ariel considered the idea. “This was so much more extreme. I even saw a description in the news on the internet. Everyone thought it was an electrical storm.”
“Maybe the hot water or all the minerals in it magnified the effect? Cillian always thought that being closer to the North Pole somehow made his powers stronger. Maybe it was being in Iceland?” Nell was trying to understand.
“Maybe it was Cillian’s anger and Baldur’s fear that elevated the response,” Ariel postulated.
“They’ll let you go in to see him if you want, as long as it’s one person at a time,” Nell told her. “Why don’t you see if you can reach him?”
Ariel considered. The shock that had once passed between her and Cillian was mildly painful, but certainly not dangerous. What would happen if she touched him now?
She found herself next to his bedside, talking in a soothing tone that she almost never used.
“You were trying to protect me, weren’t you? You didn’t want me to have to live in fear of Baldur for the rest of my life. I know you didn’t. I’m going to try to help you Cillian, and I hope I’m not way off base here, because if I screw things up worse for you or for me too I know it’s a big mistake. Please… respond and be better.”
She reached out her hand and very gently stroked the freckled skin on his lower arm. There was barely a hum of electricity this time as her fingers made contact, just a little tingle between them. She let her hand rest on his arm for a few seconds and saw Cillian give the faintest smile.
“Thanks. I needed a jumpstart,” he whispered in his brogue. His eyes fluttered open. “Ariel?” he asked. Then with a little more panic in his voice. “It is you Ariel, isn’t it?”
Ariel was puzzled. “I’m right here. Can’t you see me?”
“I can’t see anything,” he said. “Just darkness, and the dozens of images that are usually in my head—more of them when you touched me.” He shifted uncomfortably in the bed. “I think you better go get the doctor.”

Tests would be run and experts would be consulted, but the initial conclusion was that Cillian’s optic nerve had been irreparably damaged. His hearing was fine and he was regaining muscle control quickly. He remembered events up through getting into the pool with Baldur. He told doctors that he had wanted to persuade the man not to harm his friend, but he had no memory of the lightning strike. The physician in charge explained that this wasn’t unusual in the case of trauma and that the memory might never be regained.
Privately, Cillian affirmed what Brendan, Nell and Ariel had all guessed. He had hoped to make Baldur see the far future and understand on a visceral level the kind of pain his actions could cause for countless humans who had yet to be born. Eoin had accepted that such a method of persuasion was Ariel’s only hope for a safe life, and perhaps one more vital piece in the plan to save humanity as well. 
“Eoin did some stupid things, made some bad decisions aligning himself with Baldur,” Cillian said, “but damn it, the man died trying to find a way to do right. I’m going to miss him.”
“I’m going to miss him too,” Ariel said. “He didn’t have to put himself in danger like that. There were other ways for me to be safe.” 
“Not really,” Brendan disagreed. “I know that Eoin felt pretty guilty for his role in putting you in jeopardy in the first place. I bet he saw this as a way to redeem himself. He wasn’t a bad guy deep down.” Brendan turned away just as the water began to well up in his eyes.
“Cillian, I think that you had a great idea for Baldur,” Nell added. “Just think how much help he could have been to our cause if you had made him see. Think how much humanity’s chances of survival might have gone up if you’d been able to accomplish want you intended.” She put her hand on his arm and squeezed lightly with fondness.
“Yeah. Instead he’s in a coma and I can see nothing,” Cillian said, letting a little bitterness creep into his voice.
 “How do know that you didn’t succeed? Maybe you did. We’ve got no idea what Baldur is thinking,” Nell said.
“That’s a good thing. The man comes out of his coma and he spends the rest of his life finding a way to make Ariel dead so no one ever gets as wealthy as he is. I say leave him be. As long as he is in a coma, the world is a safer place.” Brendan was adamant.
Ariel disagreed. “Maybe a tremendous potential resource for helping you guys do everything you can is locked away, instead.” Ariel supposed it was the sight of Nell’s hand on Cillian’s arm that made her ask the next question. “If I could somehow jumpstart Cillian, why wouldn’t my touching Baldur have the same effect? Then we could find out if Cillian succeeded and if Eoin didn’t die in vain. I should try.”
Nell stepped in as the voice of reason. “Cillian, we need to know if you and Baldur exchanged any premories or visions or whatever you want to call them. Did he see the far future? Did you see his stuff about to happen? Before Ariel takes a risk like this, think!”
Cillian shook his head. “I wish I knew. I don’t want Ariel taking risks either, believe me. But I have no idea what happened after we got into that water.” 
“Okay then,” Ariel said. She marched out of the room before she could change her mind.
Ulfur, Baldur’s father and Baldur’s younger brother were now all in the waiting room next door, and they were going over piles of paperwork when Ariel walked in. 
“We worked together closely. I’d like to go in to see him, please?” she said. She knew that at least Ulfur spoke English well, and after he heard her request he turned to the other two men and spoke in rapid Icelandic. Both men shrugged.
“They don’t care,” Ulfur said. “I’m puzzled, but go ahead. I’ll be watching you through the window.”
“I mean him no harm,” Ariel assured Ulfur. She opened the door, stepped in and closed it behind her, just as Brendan and a nurse came into the waiting room, presumably to stop her.
She knew that she didn’t have much time. She walked right up to the unconscious man she had come to hate so much, took a deep breath, and lay the inside of her forearm against the inside of his. 
“Come on. Wake up,” she said. “Wake up and do some damn good for once in your life.”
The machinery hooked up to Baldur began to beep and whir in agitation, but the body of the pale man did not move a bit. Ariel pressed her other wrist hard against his cheek. The electronic responses became even more demanding but there was still no physical response from Baldur. 
The nurse made her way in, and barked something at Ariel in Icelandic. Ariel was willing to bet it translated roughly into, “What the hell are you doing?”
“Paying my respects,” she said in English, hoping the tone would convey no intent to cause damage. “And just leaving,” she added, her hands up in a universal gesture of “no harm meant” as she walked back out the door.
“Were you trying to kill him?” Ulfur almost hissed it at her as she re-entered the waiting room.
“Strange as it may seem, I was hoping to revive him. We had some unfinished business,” she told Ulfur coldly. “I don’t appear to have been successful.”
Three doctors had now joined the nurse in the ICU, and they were gesturing at the readouts and shaking their heads. “At least let me know what they find,” she said to Ulfur.
Next door, Cillian was trying to persuade the doctors to release him. When Ariel came back into the waiting area he was negotiating a move to a regular room for the night and then a morning discharge with the promise that he would get checked out thoroughly once he got back on Irish soil. He just wanted to go home. 
Nell and Brendan left to get a bite to eat as Zane came by to say farewell. 
“Where’s Toby?” Ariel asked.
“He still thinks it is better if he isn’t seen here with us. He’s headed back to Frankfurt now. He has some satellite office there, and he’s already at work trying to make sure that neither Baldur, nor his estate, ever see the money from the investing you two did together. He’s going to try to keep any claims of psychic hocus pocus out of the press, but there are regulatory bodies that he will have to convince privately, which is going to be quite a challenge.”
“Is he really going to be able to keep Cillian and Mikkel out of it?” Ariel asked.
“He thought he could, but that was before Cillian put himself into a hot tub with Baldur and got struck by lightning. It sort of draws attention to their relationship.”
“I know that, Zane, and that’s why I tried to revive Baldur before you got here,” Ariel said.
“What? That asshole? Why in the world would you do something so stupid?” 
“Hear me out. Cillian tried to get Baldur to see the far future and he might have succeeded—we don’t know. If he did, then Baldur could have turned into our biggest ally and Toby wouldn’t have had to do anything. But my touching him didn’t seem to do anything but set all the machinery off, so Toby better do what he needs to do.”
Zane nodded, and started his goodbyes. 
“Would you rather not hug me?” he asked. He certainly understood his sister better these days. 
She laughed. “It’s a risk. I will probably see things.”
“I’ll take a chance this time,” he said and gave her a bear hug. She hugged back, but pulled away.
“Is everything okay at home?” she asked.
“Mom told me not to tell you,” he answered. “Yes, she’s having some problems of her own. I know that she wants to talk to you about it over Christmas. Why?”
“Christmas isn’t looking so good for our family,” Ariel said. “I think I’m going to take more time off than I planned. You might think about doing the same. It looks like mom is going to need some help from both of us. Go. Catch your flight now. We’ll talk more about it later.”
Zane shrugged. He wondered what it was like to have normal relatives. Looked like he’d never know.

The next day Ulfur called Ariel, and they met in the hospital lobby. Ulfur explained that he understood that Ariel and Baldur had a “complicated” relationship, both financially and emotionally.
“I think you should know that Baldur took some sort of turn for the worse while you were in the room with him. I don’t blame you—I could see that you didn’t do anything. But the doctors say that his brain woke up while you were in there and it is now fully functioning.”
“So he’s out of a coma?”
“Not really. His brain stem continues to communicate with his body, so he breathes fine and his heart is pumping and so on. But everything above the brain stem appears to have lost every bit of its connection with his body. The doctors don’t think he can hear or see or feel, and he clearly has no muscle control at all. He’s completely cut off from the world, and they think that he is conscious enough to know it.”
Ariel shuddered. What a horrible fate. “Is there anything they can do?”
“Obviously they’re going to try all kinds of things, and no doubt chip away a good bit of his considerable wealth while they do so. There’s no known cure for his situation, though, and it seems to me like they don’t even understand it, so how can they fix it?”
Ariel tried to keep the look of relief off of her face.
“I don’t know if you two had any remaining financial dealings to iron out, but if you have any claims, get in line with all the others. I promise to give yours fair consideration at least.”
Ariel shook her head. “No. Baldur was a client for my company and I have no remaining interest in his estate.”
“He obviously will be closing his account with Ullow. Do you think the Dublin office will stay open?”
Ariel hadn’t even thought that far ahead. 
“No, I don’t suppose that it will.”
“So you’ll be going back to London?” Ulfur asked.
“I doubt it.” She realized that it was true as soon as she said it. “I’m probably going to make the move into a slightly different field. Something more about computers and less about money.”
Ulfur looked relieved. “Good luck to you then. This planet needs more competent software engineers. And hardware engineers too.” 
“It does, doesn’t it? Come to think of it, every planet does.”
Ulfur just gave her a funny a look as she walked out the door. 
 29. Autumn Ends 2012

Siarnaq wasn’t sure of much, but one of the facts on the short list of what he knew was that somewhere along the way he had fallen in love with Ariel. A romantic would have placed the onset of deep affection early on, maybe even at their first touch. Siarnaq was a more pragmatic man, and he recognized how his feelings had grown as he watched her try to do the right thing through circumstances that would have challenged the best of the gods themselves.
Mikkel had been kind enough to call Siarnaq the day after Ariel and her brother had been pulled safely from the sea. The severity of the situation hit Siarnaq like a splash of cold water on his own face when he realized that his relief that Ariel was alive was dampened by his own envy that Mikkel had somehow managed to place himself aboard this speedboat and help pull Ariel out of the water. 
Siarnaq wanted to slap himself. Mikkel’s part in the rescue was perfect. It was exactly what was needed. From such gestures grew deeper affection, and Ariel needed to love Mikkel. Well, she didn’t need to, but her life would be so much better if she did, and Siarnaq wanted her to have a good life, didn’t he?
Of course he did. 
Her missing Siarnaq, even in the least, or her wondering if she and Siarnaq could just maybe have found a way to make a life, these things would not be good, no matter how strongly Siarnaq wanted them. She needed to see Siarnaq as a passing youthful fling, an experience enjoyed and then forgotten. He could be nothing more.
For his sunset-haired lover had important duties ahead, and she was going to need her heart, her mind and her soul in the game if she was going to successfully take on the role that fate would offer her. Siarnaq had seen it, finally, in its full clarity, that last wonderful time that he and Ariel had lay together on the filthy couch in the messy apartment of someone Siarnaq kind of knew. The lingering effects of Cillian’s touch had combined with Ariel’s present one to make it all clearer than Siarnaq had needed or had wished. He’d known then that he must say goodbye to Ariel, and never see her again.
So he had swallowed his envy and his grief and thanked Mikkel for the news that their mutual friend was safe. He wished Mikkel well with his projects and offered to collaborate if it ever was needed. 
Siarnaq would go back to his life, and to the purpose that had driven him for years. He only wished it didn’t feel so empty now. 
He reminded himself that Ariel had shown him more than her own future. She had also helped him to see some of his. There would be another love, eventually. This one could go considerably better, at least if he wasn’t stupid about it. He might end his days surrounded by affection, if he was lucky and if he learned to move on. 
So many ifs. At one time, the idea of a future that malleable would have disturbed him, but today it brought him hope. Perhaps the best gift Ariel had left with him was the knowledge of how many ifs there were in determining what tomorrow would bring.

******

Ariel’s grandfather had been a fireman, and he had attended more funerals in his hometown in East Texas than he would have liked. In too many cases his relationship with the deceased and with the cause of death was complicated.
Ariel thought of him now as she approached Mrs. Finn to pay her respects.
“All you say in a case like that is, ‘I am so sorry for your loss,’ he had once told her. ‘I had to learn to fight the temptation to say anything more, especially then and there.’”
“Thanks papa,” she muttered now as Eoin’s wife turned to her.
“I’m so sorry for your loss.” She said it and she meant it. The woman nodded mutely.
Later there were toasts and stories and tears and more toasts. Ariel noticed that Eoin’s wife and children only stayed for a few of them, but Eoin’s many pals and business associates were determined to spend the rest of the day drinking his soul into the afterlife. 
 The Ullow group sat together at a table, trying to find the right balance between merriment and sorrow. Rumor had it that Ullow would close the Dublin office by the end of the year, so this was likely the last time that they all would be together. Brendan didn’t much care about the office closing, he had already decided to take time off from his career for a while to help Cillian settle elsewhere. Ariel thought it likely that Brendan would take on the fulltime role of becoming Cillian’s eyes, and his face to the world, as the blind clairvoyant used his increased knowledge and larger funds to continue to try to lessen the odds of human extinction.
Ronan and Fergus were both going to work directly for Mikkel once the office closed. When there was a break in the toasts, Ariel turned to the one next to her, the one with the slightly pointier chin. 
“I wish you and Fergus the best of luck in Copenhagen.” 
“Thanks. I appreciate that, but I am Fergus,” he answered amiably.
“Okay then, Fergus. I hope that learning Danish goes well for you guys.”
“Thanks, but I’m Ronan,” he replied with out cracking a smile. Then Ariel got it. 
“You guys have been doing this to me since I got here, haven’t you?”
“We do it to everyone, don’t we Ronan,” one of the two young men said laughing.
“We’ve even confused our own mums, now haven’t we, Ronan,” the other laughed back.
“No wonder I could never remember which of you was which.” Ariel looked around the table at the others. “What do the rest of you do?”
“We call them whichever name we fooking please,” Brendan said, his serious face breaking into one of its rare smiles. Everyone laughed except Jake.
“Maybe keep it down just a little,” Jake said in a loud whisper. “We are at Eoin’s funeral, you know.”
Jake seemed to be the most lost member of the group, and Ariel wondered if Jake had spoken with Toby about a job. Jake’s analysis of Baldur’s investing results had been impressive. Perhaps somewhere in y1 there was someone who could make good use of Jake’s skills. Ariel made a mental note to check into it more.
Ariel planned to finish out the workweek, and then turn in her resignation effective the end of the year. She had three weeks of vacation saved. Mikkel had invited her to visit for a few days and then she’d head back to Texas.
She went to the ladies room and was surprised to find Eoin’s wife standing at the sink, a lost look on her face.
“I thought you’d gone home,” Ariel said, thinking it was a dumb thing to say even as she said it.
“I did. My mum said she’d watch the children, that I should come back here and let friends console me, but she was wrong. These people are celebrating his life. Me, I’m mourning his death, and I will be for a long while. It’s different.”
She gave Ariel a hard stare. “I need to know something. What happened to him? The police in Iceland, they were useless. My man didn’t get struck by lightning, did he?” 
“I’m sorry for your loss,” Ariel said.
“Explain my loss,” the woman replied. “He was doing something that he wasn’t supposed to be doing, wasn’t he?”
“Oh no.” So that was what his wife thought. “You can’t put him to rest thinking that! I don’t know exactly what happened. I don’t think anyone does. But I do know that your husband was doing nothing wrong.  He went to that park to right wrongs. To save lives. He died trying to be a hero, ma’am, not a villain, and you’ve got to believe that, because it’s true, and nothing, nothing would have mattered more to him than your knowing that.”
She studied Ariel’s flushed face for a few seconds. 
“You tell the truth,” she finally said. “It’s good to know.”
As Ariel walked back into the room filled with drunken mourners, she thought that even the wisest of grandparents occasionally got it wrong. 

******

Toby thought that he had never handled negotiations that were so complicated or so delicate. Working with a basically unwilling Ariel, Baldur had expertly placed thousands of trades on over a dozen different stock exchanges under hundreds of different names. Ulfur was complicit, but the dozens of underlings he had managed likely had no idea what they were part of and hardly deserved to be hung out to dry.
The ten other members of d4 had been excluded from the real money in the end—they just didn’t know it yet. Baldur’s plans to dissolve d4 were in place and even, in some cases, in progress, and as ten very wealthy savants realized they had been cheated out of the real prize, they were none too happy. Several of them suspected that Ariel was involved, and they were more than willing to drag her into this.
Cillian and Mikkel had done well to cover their tracks and their associations with Baldur, and Toby was going out of his way to maintain that disassociation. However they all were connected through Ullow, and through one Eoin Finn who had not helped the situation at all by dying a newsworthy death while literally linking Baldur to Cillian. 
Plenty of people would have opted for a very public airing of the facts and an equally public punishing of those guilty in any way. In the end this could have included Cillian, Mikkel, every employee of Ullow, and probably Toby and Zane for good measure.
Toby was most definitely not a fan of claiming that too much money was involved for justice to be served. He’d been scoffing at that assertion for the past four years. He was all for punishing the guilty. However people who had legitimate reason to claim that they were trying to save the world with their actions and just couldn’t tell anyone, well, they did deserve special treatment as far as Toby was concerned.
So he worked harder at this than he ever had at anything in his life. Once he quietly laid out the facts of Baldur’s uncanny investment strategy and its upcoming success to the tune of more than a hundred billion euros to a few key sensible people in power, they listened.
It was decided that Baldur’s considerable current wealth, already well into the billions, would be distributed among his probably undeserving family, his personal and professional staff, which included Hulda, a large fund set aside for his medical bills, and a plethora of charities and individual trust funds to be named later. Eoin’s wife and all five of his children would be among those latter beneficiaries. Once Ulfur realized that he was being offered a sizable inheritance and a healthy fee to handle Baldur’s affairs as instructed, as opposed to facing legal prosecution and possible jail time, he became far more cooperative.
Loopholes that provided an unfair advantage for all high frequency traders would be quietly closed, lest anyone else in d4 decided to go back into business and take even greater advantage of the situation. In return for making generous voluntary donations to local charities and then quietly disappearing without complaint, no charges of cheating or fraud would ever be brought against d4 for their irregular investments. Toby didn’t like the arrangement, but he could live with it. He just hoped that nobody else in the group would ever grasp the way that Baldur had been able to use Ariel’s talents to circumvent even more of the system.
The final challenge was what to do about Baldur’s many yet-to-mature options and futures investments that were set to deliver over seventy billion or so euros if they all developed as expected. There was no easy or fair way to pull most of that money back out of the system. Ronan advocated for distributing it evenly to every man, woman and child on Earth.
“Are you nuts? So everybody gets ten euros, make that five after shipping and handling. I mean, it sounds like a real lot of money but we’re a real lot of people,” Fergus countered. “Not many lives anywhere get changed by five extra euros. You basically take a fortune and make it insignificant.”
“I never thought of it that way,” Ronan marveled. “You know, backwards. This means that if I could get every person on Earth to give me just ten euros, I’d be the richest man alive. There has got to be a way to do that.”
Toby was shaking his head. “Trust me, you two. You don’t want to waste your life trying to do that.”
Because discretion and lack of disruption to the world’s economy were the biggest drivers, it was decided that the profits of each of the little shell companies Baldur had created should be handled separately. There were just more than seven hundred of them, and Toby would divide the world into seven hundred groups of about ten million people each. Each shell company would take its proceeds of a hundred million dollars or so and quietly invest them locally in the assigned area. The goal would be to fund schools, parks, hospitals, projects for clean water and electricity, and a start for family businesses of all kinds. Each of these hundreds of little companies would need to determine the best way to put money back into the lives of its individual communities. It was going to be a little bit like putting toothpaste back into a tube.
Toby was delighted when Ariel mentioned that Jake could use a good job. It seemed fitting that Jake, the first person to figure out how d4 was sucking up the world’s money in the first place, should be the one to handle finding a way to put the money back where it had come from.  Jake and the group of people working for him, that is. That was going to be one hell of a lot of work. 

******

Brendan determined that Cillian needed to move out of Dublin, and Nell set about finding a suitable house for Brendan and Cillian in County Donegal. That was two houses she now needed to find. Hulda had agreed to move to Ireland and to try living with the person that her former girlfriend Murna really was, and Nell’s little apartment there would no longer serve her needs. 
Cillian’s mood improved every day as he realized that he had at least two dear friends willing to care for him, and that his contact with Baldur, Ariel and Siarnaq had left him with clearer and more varied visions than he had ever had before. Perhaps the blindness helped with the visions as well. 
Though he remained sad that he would never see his beloved Ireland again with his own eyes, he was determined not to lapse into the depression that had claimed his own father for so many years. He knew that a tendency towards despondency was hereditary, and Cillian had important work to do. There were certain types of research on communicable diseases that could be encouraged, and libraries and other non-electrical repositories of information had to be designed and maintained. Better long-life batteries must be developed. Every day brought more helpful ideas.
It also brought him certainty that they had crossed Mikkel’s famous tipping point on money. Under anything but the most bizarre of circumstances, the Mars mission would be adequately funded or better, and Cillian’s other, smaller interests would thrive and grow. Toby had done a magnificent job of protecting them and leaving them well enough financed to do what they could do.
 Sometimes Cillian wondered, if he was successful, how many people would deserve credit for playing a role in saving the human race. It warmed Cillian’s heart to think of how many of them there were.  There was Mikkel, and Ariel, and Siarnaq of course, and now one had to include Eoin. For that matter, Jake and Nell and Hulda and Brendan all deserved the accolade. Certainly he could now add Ariel’s brother Zane to the list and an old woman in Iceland, he was told, and of course Toby, without whom none of this would now be possible. Yes, yes, it was a silly thing to think about it, as nobody was ever going to be giving out any awards. Nonetheless, it brought Cillian comfort to see the list of heroes grow. It made him feel less lonely.

******

Ariel was prepared to spend a long weekend in rainy and cold Copenhagen, but when Mikkel met her at the airport with airplane tickets to fly on to a resort on the Turkish coast she had to admit that she was delighted. 
“I got great rates booking before the Christmas crowd shows up,” he explained. “It’s almost as cheap as staying in a hotel here. Seriously.”
He didn’t have to convince her, she explained. He just had to buy her beach clothes. Apparently, that was no problem.
They held hands on the plane, and Ariel was pleased to discover that after everything that had transpired, she still could get nothing from Mikkel’s touch except happy premories. The good news was that there seemed to be considerably more of them these days, and she let them drift through her mind as she closed her eyes and dozed.
Once they arrived at the resort, Ariel recognized the little bungalow with the hammock as soon as she saw it.
“This is the place. I bring you coffee. We, we…”
“Do we now?” he asked.
“Yes, we do. A lot.”
“Well, I’d hate to mess up the space-time continuum or anything by not behaving as expected,” he joked. 
“It doesn’t work that way,” she said.
“Ariel, I know that. I also know that you and I are going to relax for a few days and not talk about the future. We’re not going to even think about the future. For a little while, we are just going to enjoy now. Please.”
“I could not agree more.”
She meant it, and for the next few days that is exactly what they did.
After

30. Christmas 2026

Certain times of year always brought a touch of sadness, like a gentle brush across her check. Christmas was one such time, when the memories of Earth and family came rushing back and demanded to be felt. 
It mattered to Ariel that she was always included somehow. Each year since she had left, her family had managed to video-call her on Christmas day, and she had come to cherish the fact that she would get to see and hear them all together again. This year, it mattered even more. 
Not that her life on Mars had been entirely bleak. Ariel stared out of her office window at the lonely red dust and was glad that at least she didn’t hate the sight of it anymore. In fact, life had begun to improve measurably even after the first year, when more people had arrived and the tiny human colony had grown large enough that her lingering claustrophobia had finally subsided completely and her feelings of isolation had become more manageable. 
Face it—it was never going to be like living in London or even Dubuque, Iowa, but after almost six years of colonization there was now something of a town. They had a social life. Online resources had been grouped into a sort of continuing education program for all of them. They even had a tiny park and a few flowers were growing there. It kept getting better.
Ariel retreated to her small office where she could start the very special call in private. Mikkel would join her at the end. He was understanding like that. Ariel peered into the Martian dusk, willing the call to come a few minutes early.
Mikkel had been one of the better reasons for going to Mars, she reminded herself, even though Ariel knew in her heart that love for any man would never have been enough to convince her to do something so drastic. It was lucky that she cared for him, and he for her, and that they had managed to build a life together that mostly brought them joy in spite of the circumstances. 
She was safer here, at least in some ways. Too many others back on Earth still knew what she could do and how her peculiar talents could be harnessed to circumvent the various forms of legal gambling on Earth. On Mars, she was safe from their touch and always would be. She never felt like she had to look over her shoulder, and the low-probability premories of being once again kidnapped and used to amass wealth for another had vanished entirely once she began her life on the red planet. It was a plus.
Maybe those she cared about were better off as well. With millions of miles of vacuum separating them, her family and friends had been able to live their lives without Ariel’s always well intended, but not always productive, visions. As if she had to remind herself. It was always better not to touch and know too much. 
Except on Mars. Here, she was needed to touch everything and everyone and she was listened to like the town oracle. It was an odd role, one that never would have been possible on a planet filled with the noise and skepticism and random actions of 7 billion people. Here it was simple, straightforward, and once it became clear that she was not faking it, everyone else embraced it. Touch me and keep me safe. That was her main job, and everyone on Mars knew it. She did it as well as she possibly could.
After Eoin’s horrible death years ago, Cillian had become increasingly reclusive and Ariel had considered disregarding his visions. But after a few years of blindness, Cillian was not only positive that humanity required an outpost on Mars, but he was also certain that if this attempt failed, there would probably be only three more serious attempts over the next three hundred years, and for various reasons all three of those were likely to be abandoned before 2352. 
By the time it was 2016, Mikkel and Ariel were happily sharing an apartment, and Cillian was sure that Ariel and her precognition tilted the scales by a wide margin. After that, Cillian simply decided that it was a fact that if Ariel did not go to Mars there probably would be no humanity by the year 3000. Cillian believed it. Ariel believed Cillian. Therefore, there wasn’t much more to think about after that. She was going to Mars.
In September of 2024, when they had been there just over four years, thirty-six-year-old Ariel finally allowed herself the one dream she refused to give up. She allowed herself to become the first pregnant woman on Mars. Once the pregnancy was found to be progressing well, her spirits lifted to highs she thought she would never feel again. Mikkel was nervous and the other colonists had mixed reactions. Damn it, the rest of them had fought for the right to be here. She had not, and she would have this one pleasure before she got too old.
Her joy was short lived. By March of 2025 a technician confirmed what Ariel had already precalled when he found a tiny opening between the dividing wall in the upper two chambers of the heart of the growing fetus. Her brother Zane, now in medical school, had assured her that lots of people had these atrial septal defects, and they lead perfectly normal lives. 
He promised her that it was going to be okay, but she knew better. She put her hands on her belly every night and cried, knowing what was the most likely outcome. 
“I hate this gift,” she screamed at Mikkel one evening as he walked in on her. “I hate it. I’d cut my own brain out right now if I could.” He had turned away from her when the outburst started, and that angered her worse. She grabbed his head to turn it towards her and make him listen to her frustration when she saw the tears running down his cheeks. 
Oh.
“He’s my son, too,” Mikkel said.  And she and Mikkel had held each other and finally cried together.
They named him John, the Americanized form of Eoin that they both preferred, and the poor little boy could hardly sleep for the amount of time that his parents insisted on holding him after he was born. When the two doctors in the colony conferred and told them that John was fighting a slow battle for his very life, they already knew what was coming. 
The abnormality was significantly larger than usual, and, while not immediately life threatening, it would need to be fixed before John got much older. The common non-surgical procedure was inadequate for a case this extreme. If John were to live into childhood, he would need open-heart surgery on his little heart. Surgery that was not possible on Mars. And if he was going to be put into cryogenic stasis and sent back safely, the best time to do it was now.
Ariel and Mikkel made the emotionally gut-wrenching decision to request the transport of a basically frozen infant back to Earth. This would be only the second ship to return, and any modifications needed to be made quickly. Its cargo was intended to be both scientifically useful and non-living, and there were those who objected to the frivolity of giving up cargo space to try to save a baby. The parents had known the risks. They needed to accept the consequences.
Others knew Ariel’s story and what she had given up and why, and felt that under the circumstances she had earned this. They rose to the technical challenge of getting the small parcel back safely. Eight months later, in April of 2026, eight-and-a-half-month-old John arrived on Earth, was brought successfully out of stasis, and was given over to the care of Zane and his partner Afi.
Ariel had seen that the little boy had a high likelihood of surviving the journey, and the surgery.  After that, she could not tell. Would having a hole in his heart have some possible advantage for him someday? Ariel couldn't imagine how, but she hoped that it would. 
Ariel shook her head to clear the memories, and she looked impatiently at the clock. The designated start time for the Christmas call had come and gone. A frustrated Ariel paced around her small office. How could they be late today of all days? They’d sent tons of photos and video clips of him already, of course. But this would be John’s first real Christmas, because being frozen on a spaceship last year just didn’t count. They would all be together at the high-def giant screen facility, where they would see her life-sized. Zane and Afi would surely be passing the squirming baby on to his Aunt Teddie and to her Mom and Dad, and dammit Ariel was crying again when the call finally came through. She wiped her eyes quickly and did her best to smile as she answered. 
“Sorry we’re late, sweetie,” her mom started the call. “Didn’t mean to make you sad.” Of course. She’d given her mom ongoing permission to check in on her mentally. There were times when that was a nuisance.
“Yeah somebody here decided that five minutes ago was a great time to take a world class dump and he needed a diaper change real bad,” Zane laughed as he held up a squirming little boy. John had been on Earth eight months now, and he had about the developmental age of a twelve-month-old.  He looked happy and healthy, and Zane and Afi seemed to be doing such a wonderful job raising him. 
As her family laughed and talked over each other and made faces and waved, she concentrated on how her son was so clearly loved. She listened to news from each of them. Teddie was dating a telepath? Zane was surviving his residency and had actually been home with Afi when John took his first step the day before yesterday. They were sorry they were late sending it, but the video was coming. Her dad had some minor health problems but was excited that one of his former students was nominated for the Nobel Prize in physics. Her mother’s organization was growing faster than her mom could keep up with it. So much good news. God, how Ariel loved him. How she loved them all.
Mikkel knocked lightly on the door to her office. His questioning look said, “Ready for me?” She motioned him in.
“We’ve got some good news here too,” she said softly as Mikkel put his arm around her. Ariel’s mom gave a knowing smile but everyone else quieted down and looked inquisitive.
“We’re expecting a baby in June,” Ariel said. “Everything looks good according to the doctor, and, well, more importantly it looks good according to me. I think John’s going to have a sister, one who grows up on Mars.”
Teddie gave a whoop and everyone else joined in. They were all still carrying on when their time slot for the high-def call ran out, and at the ten-second warning chime they all began waving and blowing kisses and sending hugs through the air. Mikkel kept his arm around Ariel as she started to cry again.
“It’s the hormones,” she tried to explain to him between sobs. “I’m fine, really I am.”  
“I should get back to the common room,” he said. “It’s almost time for dinner here. You coming?”
Of course she was. This was her home now, and Christmas dinner was about to be served. 


31. All of 2047

If the return of the infant John had sparked controversy, it was nothing compared with the decision to finally bring an adult settler back to Earth. The rules were and always had been clear. The trip to Mars was a one-way journey. But change is inevitable and technology will improve and costs do come down. Many on the engineering and medical side were now curious to see if it could be done safely. Plus, there were those on Earth who thought that Mars was pulling away, both economically and psychologically, and who recognized the need for the ties to remain close. This goodwill trip would be financed by Earth. Who to bring?
The chancellor seemed like a logical choice. She was a fit fifty-eight-year-old, much liked on her planet and arguably a fine ambassador for the more than ten-thousand Martians whom she now represented. There was a humanitarian aspect, in that her father had passed away recently, and her family had offered to delay the funeral until she arrived. As an added plus, the child she had sent to Earth for surgery two decades ago amidst controversy had now inadvertently gotten his girlfriend pregnant. By the time the chancellor arrived, she would be a new grandmother. She could be photographed holding her first grandchild, an earthling, providing endless touching symbolism of how the two worlds remained intertwined. 
The risks of the journey were deemed minor and the expense was deemed acceptable, so in 2046 Ariel prepared herself mentally and physically for the ardors of spending eight months in a large tin can, followed by a year in a stronger gravitational field. She delegated her responsibilities, said a two-year goodbye to her nineteen-year-old daughter and her husband of over two decades, and left her people with all the premories she could find in order to ensure their safety in her absence. Even then she balked at the last minute, and spoke confidentially with Brendan.
“Nothing is changed since I wrote you,” he assured her. “Cillian is positive. You have a window of well over two years when you can be gone from Mars and all is fine. In fact, he says that the increased communication with Earth and the good will from this trip are very positive for the future. He advises you to do it.” 
So she did.
She mourned her father while wishing that she could have seen him one last time instead. She held tiny Trinity close to her heart as often as she could, and each time she did, it seemed like every camera on Earth turned towards her. John and his girlfriend had inadvertently added to the media’s infatuation with the child by naming the little girl for her three lineages; that of her mother, her father’s family on Earth, and her father’s ties to distant Mars. Commentators loved the name Trinity.
Ariel attended meetings and functions and even parades as required and requested, but she also took part of those eight glorious months on her home world to play in the ocean and to stare at the clouds. Why had she never appreciated clouds when she saw them every day?
She and John were having a picnic together, just the two of them, in a real park with grass and trees everywhere and it felt like something out of dream. There was a good bit of security around them, of course, but her guards had the good manners to keep their distance and allow the illusion of privacy.
“Look at that cloud. The colors, the curls, how huge it is. It’s amazing. You have no idea how beautiful it is,” she told John. “You have no idea what a gift it is to be able to see the bright blue sky on a clear afternoon. To stare out at the sea. I didn’t realize how much I missed the color blue.”
He smiled. She knew that he found her odd, and she supposed that she found him strange to be around as well. Over the years they had developed a strong relationship through electronic communication. For years one of her greatest joys had been watching John squirm with excitement while he waited for his turn to talk her. 
The boy always brought something special to show her: a pet snake, or an intricate wooden puzzle he had designed and made. Once he shyly showed her a first-place debate trophy from school, then it was an admissions letter from Northwestern. How fast he had grown. Yet in spite of that feeling of having been part of his life all along, she was finding this face-to-face communication tough. 
“It’s just so different here,” she tried to explain.
“I’m sure it is,” he said sympathetically. “Please don’t be mad, Mom, but I’m glad I live here on Earth.” At Zane and Afi’s insistence, he still called her Mom, while Mikkel had ended up as “Far,” the Danish word for father. 
“I mean, I love you and Far, but I love Dad and Pop and I like the life I have. I don’t think that I’d like as Mars half as much.”
She had expected this, of course. It meant that he was happy here, and that was what she wanted. Right? She tried to rise to the occasion.
“Some days I don’t like Mars either,” she confessed with a laugh, “and then they went and made me the mayor.”
“I thought you were the chancellor?” John said.
“That was Mikkel’s idea. He thought that Mayor of Mars would sound pretty stupid here and we should use a title with more dignity in our communications with Earth. He decided that chancellor had a certain academic ring to it. The funny thing is that even though the Martians call me Mayor, in fact I’m more of just a city manager. Turns out that I’m good at running things. Throw in the little extra foresight I have with my organizational skills and I do my job well. However, it’s just a job there, John. I’m no more important than anyone else.”
“Well, Earth is sure making a big deal about you,” he smiled. His face went somber. “Do you like it there sometimes?”
Ariel hesitated. This was a complicated question to answer. Everyone in her family knew of her precognitive abilities, although they kept the facts to themselves. However, at Cillian’s insistence years ago, very few knew of her real reasons for going to Mars. John was not one of them. It needed to stay that way.
“Your father, Far, he loves it there and it’s home to Bridget and we’ve made a nice life,” she answered. “I’m glad that you are happy here, John, I really am. We’re proud of you.” She let herself give him a quick hug to end the conversation, and was relieved when all she premembered was images of him playing happily with Trinity as she grew. 

******

Ariel had been on Earth for four months before she was able to get a sufficiently long break from her scheduled activities to make one very important trip to Donegal. The western coast of Ireland had formed its own nation over a decade earlier, and in 2047 English was rarely spoken in the new country. Relations with neighbors were a bit strained and security was tricky. This was one visit, however, that Ariel absolutely insisted on. It was finally arranged for late May. 
Nell and Hulda were spreading a picnic lunch out on their beautiful deck overlooking the ocean when she arrived by car, her security detail in a separate vehicle that remained tastefully distant. Word must have reached her friends that Ariel could not get enough time outdoors looking at the sky or the sea, and late spring along the coast was beautiful. 
“You didn’t? Sushi and dolmades,” Ariel clapped her hands with delight when she saw the food that Nell was setting out.
“Old memories. The best kind,” Nell responded. She was in her early seventies now, and Ariel could see the toll of the years in her friend’s aging face. She wondered if a lifetime of morphing her appearance had contributed to the many wrinkles. Hulda, only a few years younger, seemed to be weathering the passage of time so much better. At least they both seemed every bit as much in love with each other as they had been more than thirty years ago.
“So are you going back to Mars?” Hulda asked politely once they had settled into the meal. Not when, Ariel noticed. But if. And if had never occurred to her.
“I have a husband and daughter back there,” she said a little defensively. “And an elected office. And people counting on me.” Ariel gave the blue sky dotted with fluffy white clouds a wistful look. “I don’t think not returning is an option.” 
“Have you talked to Cillian about it?” Nell asked.
“No, I haven’t spoken directly with Cillian in years. Brendan handles all of his communication, at least with me, and it never occurred to me to have Brendan ask him that kind of question. You know that I’m headed over there tomorrow morning. Have you discussed this with Cillian already?”
Nell shook her head. “No, it’s your question to ask. Hulda and I were just talking about how you’ve made a huge difference there over the past decades and we wondered if there was a chance that they didn’t need you up there any more. I mean in the psychic sense.”  
Ariel allowed herself to try on the idea. Her first thought was of Mikkel and Bridget. A sharp pang reminded her that she’d miss them horribly, and that they might never understand such a decision on her part. But they would be okay without her.
She thought of the eight-month journey back in the tin can and the recycled air for the rest of her life with never an ocean to swim in or clouds to watch. No more blue sky. Ever.
“I don’t know. I don’t think I would stay here if I could. I mean I’m their highest elected official. What kind of human would I be if I chose to give up everything I’ve built for the last twenty-five years just so I could watch clouds?”
Hulda and Nell said nothing to that, and Ariel knew that she was going to at least ask Cillian the question.

She spent the evening with her two friends and headed over to Cillian’s estate the next morning, her security entourage behind her. Brendan had warned her earlier that the years had changed the elderly prophet and probably himself as well.
“We haven’t had a visitor here in months,” he said as he opened the door. Brendan’s butterscotch mane was now more white than bronze and the entryway looked like it might not have been cleaned in years. She spoke into the small mic she wore on her collar.
“All’s well. I’m going in and, once again, I’ll be shutting this off. No need to follow.” She knew that her security detail hated that, but she would have some small measure of privacy while she was here.
Brendan took her through the clutter, straight to the old man in a wheelchair seated by a window. A breeze was blowing through the opening, and the sunlight shown through the upper glass.
“I can still feel the sun on my face,” he said hoarsely. “And the wind.”
“It’s Ariel,” Brendan answered “She’s come to see you from Mars.”
“I know that,” Cillian said. “You should touch me, Ariel. It won’t hurt either of us now.” 
She obliged and put her hands over his papery, freckly skin. She stroked his arms softly and let her mind relax into the visions that they shared. She had forgotten the sensation of seeing so far ahead, and she felt disoriented for a few seconds before she could begin to make sense out of the images and the knowledge that came to her.
“Oh. Wow. Things have changed, haven’t they?” she remarked.
“Yes. Better in so many ways, and you and your family are part of that. But it’s not better in all ways, is it?”
He was right. She understood now the need for secrecy that Cillian had become increasingly adamant about during the past decade. New probabilities had arisen and grown from tiny outliers to significantly plausible outcomes. Knowledge of an impending disaster, even a solid rumor of such a disaster, easily spawned a wealth of unpleasant alternatives. Here, she saw fanatic political parties whipping fear into a frenzy of awful behavior. There, she saw a cautious medical establishment exacerbating the problem as it became frozen with its own dread of what might come. Cillian was right. All the best paths lay along the swath of a largely unsuspecting population. His growing insistence on secrecy was well founded.
“See. You thought I was going nuts, didn’t you?” he said. 
Ariel chuckled. “It sounded at times like you might have gone over the deep end.”
“Well, I haven’t. You and Baldur and Siarnaq managed to all leave me with way more clairvoyance than I started with, and frankly way more that I ever wanted. I still can’t see a damn thing here, but I’ve got a pretty good idea of every fooking thing that’s likely to happen tomorrow and just how likely it is.”
“It must be hard.” She barely whispered it, more to herself than to him.
“The seeing is okay. It’s the doing the right thing once you know. That’s what is hard,” he answered. When she didn’t say anything, he went on.
“Did Brendan ever tell you that I finally found Lara and my kids?”
“No! That’s great. When? Where were they?”
“I found them back in the late twenties. They were exactly were they needed to be,” he said. “Wasn’t a good chance at all that I could make their lives one iota better at that point. Great chance that I could manage to cause a good bit of havoc for them. So I let them go. I tell you, it’s not the knowledge that kills you, Ariel, it’s having to do right by it.”
“True.” Ariel thought that she might be the only other person alive to understand so well. “I need to go back to Mars, don’t I?”
“You saw that, I hope. Your biggest contributions, as a psychic, at least, are yet to come. It does make your path forward a little clearer, at any rate. No soul-wrenching decisions to make here and now, huh?”
“It does make it easier. And I’ll go of course.”
Cillian reached out, feeling the air, seeking her hand once again. He talked as he found it.
“If it matters, and I know that it does to you, things are looking better now than they ever did. It’s probably going to all be worth it. In the end.”
Something occurred to Ariel. 
“I know that you don’t like to talk to me electronically, but could you possibly send me updates somehow, Cillian? Just let me know every once in a while that we’re still on a good path? It would help me so much.”
He shook his head. “Too many people see and hear all of your communications. Even if I try to talk to you in some kind of code, it’s just not a good idea Ariel. Somebody will figure out what we are doing. Besides, it’s not even a good idea for you to know these things. You have to move on, and not worry about the day-to-day or year-to-year fluctuations in the probabilities. You need to go back to doing what you were doing, and you need to accept that I won’t be able to ever update you again. It’s best that way. Please believe me.”
She sighed. Something in her balked at this last edict, and she simply wasn’t willing to accept it, at least not completely.
“No. You need to give me a glimmer here. Just a morsel, Cillian. I have an idea I think that you can live with. My mom is eighty-six. She’s not doing so hot, hasn’t been since my dad died. Before she goes, would you give her an update?”
“Your mother?” He seemed surprised. “I only talk in person, Ariel, and I don’t travel. You know that. I would do this for you, and for your mother, because I know that she’s given up a lot too. But your mom can hardly come here on her deathbed.”
“Actually, she can,” Ariel replied. “She’s a telepath, remember? That means that she can read your thoughts, and you can show her your most likely vision of the far future right before she dies. What’s the harm in doing that? I don’t get to see it, but she will, and that will be enough for me. ”
“Okay,” the old man said cautiously. “There is some chance that I die before her, you know.”
“Not much of one. You and I both have seen no likely time for you to die in the next several years. I’ll take my chances with those probabilities,” Ariel said.
Cillian thought about it some more. “You told me that telepaths can’t find random people they don’t know. I don’t want her to get to know me now, and start reading my mind. I don’t even want her to know about the possibility of this exchange until it happens.  So how is she ever going to be able to find me, a random person, especially at a time like that?” 
Ariel already had the answer. 
“As it turns out, my younger sister has some talents that would be useful. I won’t tell Teddie why. I’ll just alert her that when the end is near, I need her to take mom on a little trip. If she can manage it, when the time comes, and she might not be able to, but if she can I’ll ask her to bring mom’s consciousness to your house.”
“She can do that?” Cillian asked.
“She can. She’s done that kind of thing before. Don’t worry. I’ll let you know that the time is very close. All you have to do is bring on your best vision of the far future and hold it in your head for a while to give the two of them some time to pull this off.  I know that this is a long shot, maybe a really long shot, but that is all I need. Will you give me that glimmer?”
Cillian was quiet for a minute. “Right now, I see maybe a ten percent chance that I have to deliver on this promise. Frankly, I’m surprised that it’s that high,” he said. He shrugged. “You’ve earned this Ariel.  If Brendan ever gets a message from you that the time is at hand, he and I will both know what it means. I promise that I will do everything I can to give your mom the best possible look at our most probable future.”
Ariel said nothing, but gave him a kiss on the top of his head.
As her lips touched him, Cillian realized with a laugh that odds were good that Lola Zeitman would recover from her current health slump and go on to live to be one-hundred and four years old. Great. And thanks to the promise he had just made to his dear Martian friend, the probability of him living long enough to deliver on his promise had risen dramatically. Amazing how having a goal can work to increase one’s life expectancy. 

******

Ariel’s last private outing before she went into quarantine and left Earth would be to enjoy finally attending the annual Penthes celebration with her family in late July. The employee-owned pharmaceutical company in Chicago had affected Cillian’s life and that of her friend Toby, not to mention her brother’s. Now it looked like Penthes would supply the antidote to the senility that was quickly taking over her grieving mother’s mind. Ariel was particularly grateful for this last contribution, for all of the obvious reasons and for private reasons of her own.
Unfortunately her almost eight months on Earth had served to solidify her status as a celebrity. In spite of her efforts to lay low, the media continued being increasingly inventive to keep her experiences interesting to a jaded public.
She supposed it was inevitable that someone would dig out the footage of her brother leading a conga line of dancers out of a prominent hotel two years ago when he had been the honoree at the Penthes event. His spontaneous demonstration of the importance of joy had struck a chord with the summer mood of the city, and a few hundred people had turned into a several thousand before the media had dubbed it “the dance of joy” and plastered the footage everywhere. 
It was extremely old news now, except for the fact that the Lady from Mars was going to be in Chicago at the very same event. Soon DJs were extolling the public to show the red planet how to party by making this the best dance of joy ever on any planet. Of course there had only been two such dances previously—the first one, and a half-hearted attempt to recreate it last year that had only attracted a couple of hundred participants. That didn’t stop the hype. The clarion call was heard, and Ariel didn’t know whether to be horrified or amused when she saw a special report on how to choose one’s costume for the event. One recommendation? Add a red wig, as a nod to Ariel and her people.
Teddie and Lola’s part in starting the conga line seemed to have been forgotten, which was fine with both ladies. They were content to let the problem belong to Zane. 
“Are you going to ignore this nonsense, or do you plan to get out there and lead a dance?” Ariel finally asked her brother once they were both in Chicago. “You know that after all of this media nonsense it probably happens either way, but it’s a bigger deal if you lend credibility by starting it.” 
Zane shrugged. “Afi is all for my doing it. He says that seldom does anything bad come from dancing.” She could tell that her brother was weighing his options. Finally he held out his arm, to make a request that he had avoided throughout her visit. “What do you think? I know you hate being asked, but this is a one time deal, okay? Dance?”
Ariel put her arm against his and hoped for nothing unwanted. She got her wish. This time there was a simple answer and a single vision. “Dance,” she answered. “Definitely dance.”

******

One could say that Ariel had come back to Earth in a tin can, but to call the elaborate vehicle that was taking her back to Mars a tin can was hardly fair. Fifteen others would accompany her, all new settlers being sent on schedule. They brought added skills and youth, and endless screening had ensured that all of them would be at least decent traveling companions. The months would pass so much more quickly with their company.
The vessel itself was packed with building materials to be reused, and goods needed and, in some cases, merely wanted by the settlers. Luxuries were creeping in. It all took space, and because of that, Ariel would have rooms to pass between. It would be a far easier journey. Once they landed, the living space on Mars would grow larger and be better. 
She’d insisted to her young traveling companions that she was just another traveler, one who would do her chores and try as hard as the others to get along. They’d look relieved and offered her no special treatment, save one courtesy.
“You take the com as we leave,” a young woman said as she handed Ariel the communications apparatus. 
When Ariel hesitated, the woman added. “Mars is a democracy, right?” 
“A modified one. You know that certified experts on a subject get additional votes in their area of expertise?”
“Yeah, I’ve done my studies and I like the system. But we don’t have any certified experts on board this ship, and the vote is fifteen to one.” The woman handed Ariel the mic. “You take the com.”
So Ariel did.
The radio cackled: “Aries number 46. You are cleared for take-off. Proceed when you are ready.”
“Copy that. We are ready and initiating take-off procedure. Thanks for the great hospitality, Earth. It was fun. Now it’s time for me to take my fifteen new friends here and head for home.”      

 32. March 2064

Lola recognized that today she was at the end of her life. She'd been approaching it now for months, accepting comfort but refusing any further life-prolonging intervention. The family had spent as much time with her as they were able, but, as so often happens when dying is a very slow process, the living had had to keep on living. She understood. 
Her daughter Teddie was holding her hand and Lola was enjoying a warm sense of contentment. She felt like she’d just touched Alex and Zane, her husband and son, and the connections had given her strength. Then Teddie, always so fearful of letting her mother into her mind, had chosen this day to share a wonderful closeness with her. She was so lucky to have people that loved her this much, and to have their love to help her through this, life’s most difficult rite of passage of all. 
She heard Teddie think, Okay Ariel, now it’s your turn. 
And Lola wondered, What next?
For she and Ariel had shared a secret for decades now. Ariel had never been particularly fascinated by other planets or by outer space, but she knew that her mother was. As Ariel made the difficult decision to settle on Mars, she made her mother an incredible offer.
“I know that you’d love to go instead of me, Mom, and it’s not possible. And I know that you’re going to worry about me like crazy, and I know that communication will be limited. So let’s make this easy all around. Drop in any time.”
“Ariel, I don’t even know if I can find you on Mars,” she had said. 
“I bet a telepathic mom can find her child’s mind anywhere in the universe,” Ariel had countered. 
“What if it’s, you know, a private moment,” Lola had worried aloud.
Ariel giggled. “You’ve got manners, Mom. If something intimate is going on I trust you to come back later, and I trust you to keep my secrets. So come on over, look around. Study the two moons of Mars overhead and enjoy the stars in an alien sky. Reassure yourself that I’m safe and happy any time you want.” 
Good old practical Ariel. Lola had taken her up on the offer, at least every so often, and it had made Lola’s life so much richer, and so much easier. She wished now that she could find a way to thank her child for such a wonderful gift. But here she was, back in her own aching body, in the hospice bed, with hardly the capacity to do anything anymore. She didn’t think that she even had the strength left to find Ariel, so far away. Then in her mind she heard her daughter’s voice, and Ariel spoke with clarity. 
“There is something important that I want, no I need you to do for me, Mom,” Ariel said.
Lola flickered her eyes open and saw that Teddie was next to the bed, talking quietly into the com on her wrist. Teddie brought her hand up to her ear to listen privately. She nodded and turned to her mother, speaking in a voice that was unusually loud for Teddie.
“Mom. Listen to me. Ariel really, really needs you to do something for her. Please, can you focus?”
Focus? Now? She would try.
“You’re going to ride with me again. It’s not going to be nearly as long a trip as we just took, and not nearly as difficult. We’re going to Ireland. There is a blind old man there and when you see him, you need to enter his mind. He has given you his permission. You need to go in and see what he sees.”
That was it? Just see it? What good could that possibly do?
“Ariel says that your doing this means the world to her, Mom. Can you manage this for her?” 
Lola nodded weakly.
Teddie was right. The trip was quick, and the old man she spoke of sat at a wooden table in a cluttered room, holding his head in his hands. A bottle of Jameson sat on the table next to him, and he looked like he’d consumed a good bit of it. 
Lola took her time moving her consciousness from Teddie into the elderly stranger. Once she had settled in, she lost her sight. So the man was blind. Lola gained back the ability to hear, however, a skill that Teddie’s traveling body lacked. She heard Ariel’s voice, coming over some kind of communication device in the room.
“Mom, Teddie has left you there for a bit, so she can go back to her real body and communicate with me. This man is Cillian; you’ve heard of him before. He’s a prophet and my friend and you are hearing me through his mind. He’s going to show you the future now, the far future. Just look at it for me—that’s all I ask. That, and know that I love you.”
Lola wished there was a way to tell her daughter that she loved her too, but there was none. The best way she could show her love was to honor Ariel’s request, so she turned her attention to what this Cillian was seeing.
It was the year 2999. He knew it, so she knew it. They were in a city, but he didn’t know the name of it, only that it was a new place that had been built after the awful times more than six hundred years earlier. Cillian was incredibly happy, because the city was full of people—laughing happy people, most of whom were gathering into a queue of some sort, like they were planning to board public transportation. Were they all going somewhere?
Of course. She knew it as soon as Cillian knew it. It was nearly midnight on New Year’s Eve. They had kept the same calendar, shared that same fascination for watching the nines roll into zeroes. The crowd was as relieved as Lola had been at midnight of 1999 when there were no bombs, no apocalypse, no disaster at all in spite of the many predictions. There was joy as the streets remained devoid of aliens, of vengeful angels, of aggressors of any sorts on this night of special celebration. 
On top of a distant stage she saw that a flaming orange torch was being passed from an elder to a child, and the image was recreated on the countless screens lining the street as a group on stage blew into conch shells in some kind of ancient traditional call for love and peace. The sound of a beautiful chanting began, and she and Cillian both knew that is was intended to be a farewell to the pain of the past. The chanting coalesced into what could only be a countdown as tens of thousands of people stared at the screens, yelling in unison as they watched what Lola assumed was some sort of clock.
The counting got even louder and music began to blare. At least she thought it was music—it was rhythmic noise at any rate. There was a good bit of kissing and yelling and jumping around, and people began to link their arms, in some cases, and in others they held onto each other by the shoulders or the waist. 
What was this? Cillian knew. It was a very old custom, from the dawn of antiquity, back even before the troubled times. It was one of Earth’s oldest living traditions, the New Year’s dance of joy, believed to have been once used to usher in the year 2000, although, unlike the torch passing and the conch shells, that rumor had never been confirmed.
Lola burst into a grin as the healthy and happy young bodies began moving forward, everyone boogying along in their own impromptu jig. Yes. It was a conga line, a giant conga line. She felt like she was dancing along with these happy people and Cillian too, and they both agreed that this was wonderful. It was the way every millennium should end.

******

The message finally came from Teddie. “She died today at 7:52 p.m. I was in the hospital room holding her hand when she passed. By the time I made it back to Cillian’s there was no Mom to bring home. I knew there wouldn’t be. Cillian seems to have known it too. When I got there he was raising his whiskey in a toast. It was kind of sweet. I’m sending you what you asked for. I think she died happy, but you decide.”
Ariel could feel the sorrow in Teddie’s words. Even at 104, death was an ending, a loss. She pulled up the video Teddie had sent.
There was her ancient mother, emaciated and worn, lying in a hospice bed with a cheerful grin spread across her face. When she started to twitch Ariel worried that the woman was in pain, but in a few seconds it became apparent that she wasn’t twitching at all. She was moving her toes to a rhythm, as she whispered something that sounded for all the world like “dance for joy.” Then her movements stopped, and her breathing followed. The smile on her face remained.
Teddie added in a quiet voiceover, “I don’t know where she was, Ariel, but she looks to me like she was having a great time. How bad can the future be?” 
Ariel agreed. Her mother had not only died happy, but against all odds she had done exactly what Ariel had hoped. She had managed to send a message back from the future. Better yet, the information she conveyed was that it was likely to end well after all.


 46 Ascending

d4 is part of 46. Ascending, a collection of loosely interrelated novels about five very different family members who each discover that they can do the extraordinary when circumstances require it. These books are designed to be read as stand alone stories or in any order.
If you enjoyed d4, consider c3, the story of Ariel’s younger sister Teddie as she learns to use her innate skills for out of body experiences to save her friends from a human trafficking ring. You might also enjoy z2, the tale of Ariel’s father as he learns to use his ability to warp time to protect his students against a threat from a white supremacy movement at his high school. You may prefer to start with y1, the story of Ariel’s brother Zane as he develops an odd ability to alter his appearance, or x0, the story of Ariel’s telepathic mother as she finds herself the unlikely hero in a rescue mission in Nigeria.


Thanks 

I have relied on many people and sources of information to weave this tale. I am particularly indebted to eighteen friends, family members, acquaintances and strangers, and to two professionals, who gave of their time and expertise to make this a better book. My appreciation goes to 
my husband Kevin, my alpha and omega reader, who feeds me, loves me, encourages me and in this case introduced me to the Irish legends of Colm Cille, thereby shaping much of this story
my sister June, who gives me her witty page by page impressions to aid my rewrites
my son Casey who continues to help me see my writing in a larger context
my daughter Emerald who knows just what to say to help me stay positive about this endeavor
old friend John Ryan, a math professor who supplies links and catches plot holes 
Lenore Kaplan, a young engineer with a special feel for Ariel’s life, and whose insights helped throughout with the plot, the facts and the wording
Tyler Wight, new family friend who has provided me with a fresh set of eyes on my stories 
Dhivya Balaji of India who played a large role in c3 and has now proved how well her abilities to edit transcend cultures
Shree Janani of India, who first found me when she won a copy of x0 and has been providing editorial expertise and encouragement ever since 
Deepika Anandakrishnan, friend of Dhivya and Shree, who volunteered to beta read for the first time and provided me with spot on suggestions and corrections that no one else thought of
Steve Wilcock, an online word game buddy I have never met but who has encouraged my writing from the start, served as a role model for my British telepath Donald, and who has now proved himself to be a highly capable beta reader as well
Terie Beasley, who used her expertise as a retired English teacher to add extra polish to my words
Margit Fernqvist of Denmark, a stranger who offered to share her expertise on Scandinavia and ended up teaching me about skyr, enticing me to write about the northern lights, and sharing her vacation photos of Iceland with me, and thus is a stranger no more
Michelle Willms, second time beta reader, who once again provided me with the insights of a sociologist 
Faith O'Dwyer, first time beta reader who particularly helped me with the beginning of this book
Mickey Otterlei of Norway, who has been encouraging me with this collection ever since she read my first book x0 and who added her Scandinavian perspective as well
Henry Bourassa who lent me his expertise on the stock market and investing
Jennifer Fitzgerald, a professional designer who continues to produce beautiful, imaginative book covers
and Joel Handley, a professional editor whose abilities have grown from that of capable line editor to include wonderful plot suggestions and much appreciated fact checking.
Finally and most significantly my thanks go to my daughter Shenandoah. She has been there for me through this whole writing process - editing, commenting, encouraging and involving others, and I appreciate it immensely. However, she played a special role in this novel. The character Ariel is a work of fiction, an amalgamation of people and my own imagination, but the fact is that Shenandoah inspired Ariel. I thank my daughter for letting me borrow bits of her personality and her dreams to create this character, and then for allowing me the freedom to morph Ariel into the fictional person that she needed to be in order to tell this story. It takes a special kind of courage to let someone do that.


Resources

Printed Materials:

I love to read and to research, and all my novels have begun by my devouring fact and fiction on subject matters that interest me. I’d like to thank the following author’s and acknowledge the contributions that their books made to my thought process. It is my intent to be accurate, respectful of all cultures, and open-minded about various points of view. If I have fallen short, even briefly, the fault is mine alone and deeply regretted. Inclusion of a source below in no way implies that source’s endorsement.

All About High-Frequency Trading (All About Series) July 26, 2010 by Michael Durbin. Publisher: McGraw-Hill; 1st edition ISBN-13: 978-0071743440
The Arctic: Enigmas and Myths September 9, 1996 by Simpson-Housley, Paul Simpson-Housley. Publisher: Dundurn Group; First Edition ISBN-13: 978-1550022643
Clairvoyance August 3, 2009 by Charles Webster Leadbeater. Publisher: Merchant Books ISBN-13: 978-1603862417
Lonely Planet Iceland, Greenland & the Faroe Islands May, 2001 by Graeme Cornwallis and Deanna Swaney. Publisher: Lonely Planet Publications; 4th edition (May 2001) ISBN-13: 978-0864426864
The Privatization of Space Exploration: Business, Technology, Law and Policy Paperback December 16, 2011 by Lewis D. Solomon. Publisher: Transaction Publishers; Reprint edition ISBN-13: 978-1412847568
The Problem of HFT - Collected Writings on High Frequency Trading & Stock Market Structure Reform January 18, 2013 by Haim Bodek. Publisher: Create Space Independent Publishing Platform; Reprint edition ISBN-13: 978-1481978354
Seeing Your Future: A Modern Look at Prophecy and Prediction March, 1990 by John E. Ronner. Publisher: Mamre Pr; First Edition ISBN-13: 978-0932945389.
The Story of the Irish Race A Popular History of Ireland 1992 by Seumas MacManus. Publisher: Devin-Adair Company; Forty-Fifth Printing edition (1992) ASIN: B001B1EI96
This Cold Heaven: Seven Seasons in Greenland January 7, 2003 by Gretel Ehrlich. Publisher: Vintage ISBN-13: 978-0679758525

Internet Sources:

My research included far more internet sites than would be practical to link to in this novel. I chose a couple dozen that I thought would most enhance the reader’s experience, and have also provided links to nine of Ariel’s favorite songs.  If you are reading this on a device that does not support hypertext, you can find all these links live at the d4 website at dtothepowerof4.org.

Links by Chapter

Chapter 4.
See a slow sunrise in Reykjavik at panoramio.com/photo/61495573.

Chapter 5.
Read Forbes explanation of high frequency trading at forbes.com/sites/billconerly/2014/04/14/high-frequency-trading-explained-simply.

Chapter 6.
Learn more about Greenland at greenland.com/en/about-greenland and even plan a fantasy or real vacation from this website.

Chapter 7.
Enjoy Ellie Goulding performing “Lights” at the 2014 Coachella Music & Arts Festival in California at youtube.com/watch?v=_kMTopHQEH8
See Iceland’s giant Vatnajökull glacier at explorra.com/attractions/vatnajokull-glacier_24804/photos. 
Let NASA tell you how long a radio wave is at missionscience.nasa.gov/ems/05_radiowaves.html.

Chapter 9.
Learn more about wealth distribution at cnbc.com/id/100780163.

Chapter 10.
Enjoy Lykke Li performing “I follow Rivers” in this beautifully simple video available on You Tube at youtube.com/watch?v=5_7GpjWTxDg

Chapter 11.
Learn more about black swan events at blackswanevents.org

Chapter 12.
Learn about a group dedicated to considering humanity’s survival into the far future at longnow.org/about.

Chapter 13.
Read about how we are mostly made of empty space at physics.org/featuredetail.asp?id=41. The other three “bonkers” facts included in the article are pretty amazing too.

Chapter 14.
Enjoy Lana Del Ray performing “Summertime Sadness” in Frankfurt on her 2013 Paradise Tour at youtube.com/watch?v=_TF_MskOgio
Learn more about jerk and snap at preposterousuniverse.com/blog/2008/07/01/waiter-theres-a-derivative-in-my-cereal

Chapter 15.
Enjoy Arcade Fire performing “Sprawl II” at the 2014 Glastonbury Festival at 
youtube.com/watch?v=NC4eB3NrIyA

Chapter 16.
Spend a little virtual time at the Blue Lagoon Spa by visiting www.bluelagoon.com. You can even find the current menu for the beautiful LAVA restaurant.

Chapter 17.
Wiki offers a nice list of predictions about the end of the world (or universe). Take a look a them at rationalwiki.org/wiki/List_of_predictions_of_the_end_of_the_world.

Chapter 18.
Enjoy Passion Pit performing “I Get Carried Away” at Lollapalooza Chile 2013 at youtube.com/watch?v=3mVguFktxUU

Chapter 19.
Read the true story of Swiss oilfield supply company Weatherford International’s unexplained price surge at bloomberg.com/news/2012-09-21/weatherford-surges-in-last-minute-of-trading-to-close-4-higher.html

Chapter 20.
Enjoy or even purchase a poster of a storm brewing behind an Irish castle at allposters.com/-sp/Lightning-over-Ruins-of-the-Rock-of-Cashel-Tipperary-County-Ireland-Posters_i10374361_.htm

Chapter 21. 
Take a virtual trip to this 350-year-old restaurant in Oslo at dehistoriske.com/restaurant/gamle-raadhus-oslo/

Chapter 22. 
Read about how the 100 richest people added $12.7 billion to their net worth while lower-than-expected corporate earnings wiped out gains for average investor at bloomberg.com/news/2012-10-19/world-s-richest-gain-12-7-billion-as-google-shares-drop.html
Enjoy Metric performing “Gold Guns Girls” live in Montreal in 2012 at youtube.com/watch?v=Lwr3vwPoAL8

Chapter 23.
Enjoy some of Ireland’s most famous toasts at islandireland.com/Pages/folk/sets/toasts.html
Enjoy AFI performing “Love Like Winter” at Lollapalooza Brazil in 2014 at www.youtube.com/watch?v=5a17J7lGFzg
Learn more about and see the northern lights at period8magnets.wikispaces.com/how+does+the+aurora+borealis+form%3F

Chapter 25.
Who are the wealthiest people on earth and how did they get to be that way? Learn more at forbes.com/billionaires/list
Enjoy La Roux performing “Bulletproof” live at the Isle Of Wight Festival 2010 at youtube.com/watch?v=tfku6ewUWps 

Chapter 28.
Make a virtual visit to the pretty Icelandic town of Seyðisfjörður by visiting visitseydisfjordur.com
Enjoy Florence and the Machine performing “Dog Days are Over” live at T4 On the Beach in 2009 at youtube.com/watch?v=j0anIVqYYyM


About the Author

Sherrie Roth grew up in Western Kansas thinking that there was no place in the universe more fascinating than outer space. After her mother vetoed astronaut as a career ambition, she went on to study journalism and physics in hopes of becoming a science writer.
She published her first science fiction short story long ago, and then waited a lot of tables while she looked for inspiration for the next story. When it finally came, it declared to her that it had to be a whole book, nothing less. One night, while digesting this disturbing piece of news, she drank way too many shots of ouzo with her boyfriend. She woke up thirty-one years later demanding to know what was going on.
The boyfriend, whom she had apparently long since married, asked her to calm down and explained that in a fit of practicality she had gone back to school and gotten a degree in geophysics and had spent the last 28 years interpreting seismic data in the oil industry. The good news, according to Mr. Cronin, was that she had found it at least mildly entertaining and ridiculously well-paying. The bad news was that the two of them had still managed to spend almost all of the money.
Apparently she was now Mrs. Cronin, and the further good news was that they had produced three wonderful children whom they loved dearly, even though to be honest that is where a lot of the money had gone. Even better news was that Mr. Cronin turned out to be a warm-hearted, encouraging sort who was happy to see her awake and ready to write. "It's about time," were his exact words.
Sherrie Cronin discovered that over the ensuing decades Sally Ride had already managed to become the first woman in space and apparently had done a fine job of it. No one, however, had written the book that had been in Sherrie's head now for years. The only problem was, the book informed her sternly that it had now grown into a collection of six books. Sherrie decided that she better start writing it before it got any longer. She's been wide awake ever since, and writing away. 



Places in this novel likely to be new to some readers

Greenland
Kalaallit Nunaat: the native name of Greenland 
Nuuk: the capital of Greenland, also known as Godthåb,
Qaanaaq: Greenland’s largest northern village
Kulusuk: an eastern island easily reached by a two-hour flight from Reykjavik.
Ilulissat: a common tourist destination in Greenland, located along the relatively mild Western Coast
Peary Land: A dessert region in the far northeast of Greenland

Iceland
Island: the native name of Iceland
Reykjavik: the capital of Iceland, also known as Reykjavíkurborg
Vatnajökull: Iceland’s most famous glacier, and the largest in Europe
Seyðisfjörður: a town in eastern Iceland 
Laugardalur: a park famous for its in town hot springs, located east of city center in Reykjavik

Ireland
Éire: the native name of Ireland
Dublin: the capital of Ireland, also known as Baile Átha Cliath
Dun Laoghaire: a large marina outside of Dublin
Donegal: a city and a county on the far northwestern edge of Ireland


Alphabetical List of Characters 

Ariel Zeitman: a support engineer for Ullow who struggles with her memories of the future
Baldur Hákonarson: an Icelandic investor who heads the company d4 and is one of Ariel’s three clients
Brendan: An Ullow programmer who handles Cillian’s requests for new software 
Cillian McGrane: Irish heir to a pharmaceutical manufacturing conglomerate and one of Ariel’s three clients
Eoin Finn: Ariel’s boss 
Fergus: An Ullow programmer just out of university who handles Mikkel’s requests for new software 
Geirs: Baldur’s head of security 
Gróa: d4 board member 
Hulda: Baldur’s personal assistant
Jake: head Ullow programmer for d4 
Lara: Cillian’s ex-wife
Mikkel Nygaard: a Greenlandic investor, and one of Ariel’s three clients
Mister McGrane: Cillian’s father, a man whose condition is usually barely conscious
Murna: Nell’s creation, a fake Irish mystic from Donegal 
Nell Gallagher: Cillian’s friend, and an actress from Donegal 
Oskar: Baldur’s younger brother
Doyle: Cillian’s father’s financial advisor
Ronan: An Ullow programmer just out of university who handles Mikkel’s requests for new software 
Siarnaq: a Kalaallit man who straddles two worlds and is plagued by visions of the far future. The Kalaallit are the Inuit of Western Greenland
Teddie: Ariel’s sister
Toby: friend of Ariel’s brother Zane and head of y1
Valdi: d4 board member
Úlfur: Baldur’s lawyer and right hand man
Zane: Ariel’s brother
