


by Kieran Marcus



The galaxy needs you! Join Kieran’s army of galactic minions and be the first to find out about new releases: http://eepurl.com/4GSMD It’s a private list. Your email is safe and will never be shared, and you can unsubscribe at any time.
The Eschaton Cycle

Season One
1.1 The Burst
1.2 Dixon Can Do
1.3 Meitner2
1.4 The Decider
1.5 Perfect Victim
1.6 Cosmo
1.7 Exodus
1.8 Evac
1.9 Tetra
1.10 Pale Yellow Dot
Table of Contents
Title Page
1.1 The Burst
1.2 Dixon Can Do
1.3 Meitner² 
About the Author
Copyright Page
1.1 The Burst
Oak Hill, Massachusetts – May 28, 2079

Huddled in the reassuring comfort of a fleece blanket, Harrison was reclining in his lawn chair and looking at the stars when they suddenly disappeared, all of them at once, leaving behind nothing but eerie darkness.
“Oh no!” he said. “I’m blind!”
Standing behind him and covering his eyes with her left hand, Abby whispered in his ear, “Open up.”
“Honey, your hand is so cold. Are you all right?”
“My hands are always cold,” Abby replied. “Open your mouth.”
“Are you sure, honey? Your fingers are like icicles. Might be something wrong with your blood circulation. You want me to get my sphygmo…?”
“I want you to shut up! My blood is fine, except it’s close to boiling right now because you’re not doing as you’re told. Now shut up and open your mouth.”
“Wait,” Harrison said. “I’m confused. Do you want me to shut it or open it?”
“Listen, buster,” Abby hissed in his ear, “if you don’t want to get strangled by a pair of ice-cold hands you better stop messing about. Now be a good boy and open your mouth!”
“Yes, ma’am,” Harrison said dutifully and opened his mouth. A moment later he felt a warm kiss on his cheek and the sensation of an object the size of a small cherry on his tongue. As he bit into it, he tasted sweet but slightly acidic juice. Harrison turned around and first looked at Abby, then at the plate full of grapes she had placed next to the electric candle on the small table between their lawn chairs.
“Where the hell did you get grapes this time of the year? They must have cost a fortune!”
Abby smiled and sat down in her chair, picking a grape from the plate and popping it in her mouth.
“They’re Australian. I got them from Val.”
“Val?” Harrison frowned and picked another grape from the lavish cluster. “Why would your sister … oh wait a minute! Are we eating stolen goods?”
“Hank brought them home from the airport the other day, a whole crate of them.”
Harrison sighed and popped the grape in his mouth. “That is so illegal.”
Abby shrugged. “That’s Hank’s problem, not mine. Officially, I have no idea where these grapes came from. My sister gave them to me, that’s all I know. Can’t sue me for that.”
“Except unofficially you know very well that your Border Patrol brother-in-law basically stole them from some poor holidaymaker.” 
He had another grape.
“If they can go on vacation to Australia, they’re probably not all that poor,” Abby said. “Besides, confiscating illegal goods is not stealing. It’s upholding the law.”
“Confiscating so-called illegal goods is legalized theft, and it’s a symptom of everything that’s wrong with this country.”
Abby sighed.  “Here we go again.”
Harrison ignored her. He knew Abby didn’t like his tendency to preach, but he couldn’t help it.
“Border security used to look for drugs, or weapons and explosives. Now they’re looking for grapes and honey because we’re in a fucking trade war with half the world, and the food we are allowed to eat has become a matter of national security. I’m not sure if that was the original intention of Homeland Security. The purpose of all these laws used to be to protect us. Now all they do is protect us from getting a decent price at the supermarket.”
Abby shrugged. “But everyone’s doing it. Those grapes would have been destroyed if Hank hadn’t brought them home. I don’t see what good that would have done.”
“That is exactly the problem,” Harrison said. “Everyone’s doing it. Literally. We have fifty million people working in law enforcement now. That’s ten percent of the population. Ten percent! America has become a police state. Virtually every single citizen has a close friend or relative working in law enforcement and is trying to take advantage of it. It’s a complete perversion of the course of justice, and nobody cares because everyone wants cheap grapes.”
“Why don’t you go and talk to your president about it then?”
“He’s not my president. I didn’t even vote for the guy. He’s my patient, that’s all. And it’s difficult enough to make him take his medicine and stay away from bacon and eggs. Do you really think he’s going to give a damn about my political advice?”
“Whatever,” Abby said. “If you don’t want those grapes …”
She pulled the plate over to her side of the table.
“Don’t you dare,” Harrison said as he reached across the table and pulled the plate back. “You see, what these people either don’t understand or simply don’t care about is that by looking out for their own friends and relatives they’re effectively betraying all the rest of us. Do you know what it’s called when the white blood cells in your body that are supposed to protect you become too many and start turning on you instead?”
“Yes, darling, I know.”
“It’s called leukemia. Cancer. And it’s usually lethal.”
“Darling, I said I know.”
“Well, I’m just saying.” Harrison had another grape. “Damn, these are good.”
Abby laughed out loud. “You are such a hypocrite.”
“At least I’m a hypocrite with a conscience,” Harrison said and winked.
“I’ll drink to that.” Abby picked up the bottle of wine and refilled Harrison’s glass before emptying the bottle into her own.
“So how’s Val?” Harrison asked and took a sip of wine.
“Ugh!” Abby said and slumped back in her chair. “Don’t ask. She’s a mess. They went to Popponesset the other week to visit Mom. They had planned to stay the whole week but left after two days.”
“What happened?” Harrison wasn’t sure if he really wanted to know, but it seemed rude not to ask.
“What do you think? My stubborn sister locked horns with my stubborn mother is what happened. Val and Hank tried to talk her into leaving the island. Again.”
“Oh dear,” Harrison said. “That topic never goes down well with your mother.”
Abby sighed. “I know. And who could blame her? She’s spent her entire life on Popponesset, so of course she doesn’t like the idea of leaving everything she has ever known behind just like that.”
“Well, it wouldn’t be ‘just like that,’ would it? It’s not like they want her to leave on a whim. If the ocean keeps making itself comfortable in your living room year after year, you can’t just sit there and do nothing.”
“She’s not doing nothing,” Abby said. “She’s planning to move into the Hendersons’ old house. It’s been empty since they left back in ’73, and it lies some six feet higher. Anyway, that’s what Val got so upset about. She thinks it’s a stupid idea.”
“Now here’s something I never thought I’d say, but I agree with your sister.”
“Do you now?”
Harrison nodded. “Six feet is nothing. Have you seen that report on the runaway greenhouse effect on the Science Channel? Even if we cut all our carbon emissions to zero by tomorrow, the oceans will continue to rise for at least another fifty years. Everyone knows that. Everyone knew that seventy years ago when your mother was still a toddler, but people just kept ignoring it until it was too late. Your mother is still ignoring it today. You can only move around the island for so long before it’s gone for good. A couple of years ago I would have said it’s probably not going to happen in my lifetime. Now it’s likely to happen in your mother’s. She’s a tough cookie, your mother. She might well have another twenty years ahead of her. But she’s already moved house three times in the last ten years. Where’s it gonna end? I’ll tell you where: it’s gonna end on the bottom of the ocean, formerly known as the peak of Popponesset island.”
Abby nodded. “I know.”
“Do you?”
“Yes, I do. I hear you, and I agree with almost everything you say.”
“But?”
“But?”
“Yes, but. You agree with everything I just said, but you’re not gonna do anything about it, is that it?”
“Well, what am I supposed to do in your opinion?”
Harrison shrugged. “I don’t know, talk some sense into your mother?”
Abby laughed, and Harrison realized how silly his suggestion must have sounded.
“All right, all right,” Harrison said. “That was a stupid thing to say. We all know it’s impossible to talk sense into your mother. Or any female member of your family, for that matter.”
“Excuse me?!” Abby shot him an angry look, but the twinkle in her eyes told Harrison that she was just pretending.
“What’s with the outrage?” he asked. “Is it because you’re not receptive to reason or because I likened you to your mother and sister?”
“It’s rude either way!”
“Is it now? Remember that beautiful big old scarlet oak in front of your parents’ first house on Popponesset?”
“How could I ever forget?” Abby smiled and looked skywards. “It’s where we first kissed, on a night much like this, twinkling stars and all.”
“It’s also where we promised to always—always—be completely honest with each other.”
Abby snorted. “I didn’t mean it! I was young and stupid and in love, I said a whole bunch of sentimental crap.”
“Now that is a rude thing to say.” 
“I didn’t mean that either, darling.” Abby looked at Harrison and smiled apologetically, but now it was his turn to pout.
“Oh come here, you!” He reached across the table, but instead of taking Abby’s hand, he grabbed her glass of wine and looked at it tenderly. “You’re the only one who ever really understood me,” he said and took a big gulp.
Abby laughed, and Harrison winked at her as he put the glass back on the table.
“Seriously, though,” Abby said, “you know my mother. If her mind is set on something, it is set. You know that. I know that. Val knows that. So there are only two lines of action here. I can either keep trying to talk Mom into something I know will never happen, aggravate her in the process, and get upset with her and her stubbornness, or I can just treat her like the adult she is and let her do what she thinks is right for her. Mom is seventy-five now, and even though she’s still in pretty good shape both physically and mentally, she might—heaven forbid—have a heart attack tomorrow and die. Of course I’d love for her to leave the island and move somewhere where she’d be closer to people who can look after her and take care of her in an emergency, but I know it’s not gonna happen. So why should I waste the little time she has left  bickering and arguing with her and aggravating her—and myself—in the process? I mean, we’ve always had our differences, and our relationship has been rocky at times, but I love her and she has always loved me.  I simply don’t want her to spend the rest of her life being mad at me for trying to tell her what to do. You know what I mean?”
“I do,” Harrison said.
“I even told Val that. I said, ‘You know Mom is seventy-five. You know she ain’t gonna live forever. Do you really want to take the risk that the last time you meet her, you part in anger? Do you really want to take the risk that if something happens to Mom, you know, a heart attack, an accident or whatever, she will be too proud to pick up the phone because the last time you spoke with her you were fighting over something?’”
“So what did she say?”
“What do you think?” Abby sniggered. “She completely missed the point and got mad at me for even insinuating that our seventy-five-year-old mother might actually die one day. ‘How can you say that?’ she said to me as if I was somehow jinxing it and Mom was about to drop dead right away because of something I said two hundred miles away.”
Harrison chuckled.
“But that’s exactly what Val’s problem is,” Abby continued. “She adamantly refuses to acknowledge things that are inevitably going to happen, particularly death. She thinks talking about the future death of living persons is akin to prematurely making arrangements for their funeral and preparing for a life without them. In her opinion that’s irreverent and will turn into a self-fulfilling prophecy: if you think or speak about death in connection with a living person and that person happens to actually die—ever—then you’re at least partially responsible for their death.”
“That doesn’t even make any sense,” Harrison said, shaking his head.
“Well, it does to Val.”
“Did she actually say that to you?”
“Sort of,” Abby said. “Not recently, though. But I remember when we were little—she was nine and I was six or something like that—she once told me that people only die when they are cursed.”
“Cursed?” Harrison frowned. “By whom?”
“By anyone, really. Doesn’t matter. She thought that people only die because other people want them dead. Which means that for every person whose life ends in death—and the last time I checked that was pretty much everyone—there is at least one person in the world who wanted them to die.”
“That is freaking insane.”
“I know,” Abby said. “Back then I didn’t make much of it, and I didn’t believe a word of it of course. It was just a silly little thing a silly little kid said, and we all said a lot of silly stuff when we were kids. But it all came back to me when Dad was dying.”
“Oh, right. She never visited him in hospital, did she?”
“Dad was in hospital for six months before he died. She visited him twice, and only because Hank made her. The day after their second visit, Hank called me on the phone. I never told you, because it upset me so much and I didn’t want to talk about it.”
Harrison looked at her. “Honey, you’re not supposed to keep things that upset you to yourself. The pledge under the tree, remember?”
“I know,” Abby sighed. “But there was nothing you could have done except watching me rave and rant and get all riled up again. I didn’t want that.”
“All right.”
“Anyway, that day Hank told me Val wouldn’t visit Dad in hospital again, because she just couldn’t cope with it. Seeing him lying there, connected to all those machines, it was just too much for her. Hank said they were sitting by his bedside when Dad soiled himself. He just, you know, pooped in his bed with the two of them sitting right next to him. He simply didn’t have control over his body anymore. So the nurses came, and he and Val had to wait outside while they were cleaning him up. For the rest of the visit Hank tried to make conversation with his stone-faced wife and his father-in-law who had a tube down his throat.” Abby took a big gulp of wine before she continued. “You know, I could understand her in a way. Of course it’s not pleasant to see your own father live—well, die—like that, but for crying out loud, the man is dying and you’re the one who’s feeling uncomfortable? How much more selfish can you get?”
Harrison knew the answer to that question well enough—in Val’s case it was ‘not much’—but he didn’t say anything. He knew Abby didn’t expect him to. Every once in a while she simply needed to vent and blow off some steam, and seventeen years of married life had taught him that it was best to just let her do it and wait until she calmed down and changed the topic herself. 
For a few minutes Abby reclined in her chair, looking up at the starry night sky and taking the occasional sip of wine until she finally said, “Do you think our tree is still there?”
“I don’t know,” Harrison said. “We haven’t been there since … well, since your mother first moved house, really. Nine years ago?”
“It’ll be ten this Christmas. I told Mom I was pregnant with Lily over Christmas dinner, remember?”
“Oh, that’s right! Yes, I remember. Your mother asked Connor whether he was excited to get a baby brother or sister, and he said, ‘No! I want a dog!’”
Abby laughed. “He did! Everyone laughed, and he just sat there with a stern look on his face and said, ‘It’s not funny! I want a dog!’”
“And then next Christmas …”
“… Mother gave him a puppy. I still see the look on Connor’s face when he first saw that furry little thing with that big plastic bone in his mouth.”
Harrison smiled. “And I still see the look on your mother’s face when Connor announced, ‘He loves bones, so I’m gonna call him Boner!’”
Abby chuckled. “That was so awkward and so cute at the same time.” She looked over to the line of trees where they had laid Boner to rest on Connor’s fourteenth birthday. “Boner was a good old dog, and he died way too young.”
“The best always do. Here’s to Boner,” Harrison said and emptied his glass. “May he rest in peace.”
“You know, I’ve been thinking,” Abby said.
“About what?”
“About visiting Mom.”
“We’re going to visit her for Thanksgiving again, aren’t we? And Christmas.”
“Yeah, but …” Abby sighed. “You know how the holidays are. We’ll be busy all day cooking and cleaning, and Val and Hank will be there, and it’s just gonna be … stressful. It always is. I’ve been thinking about a little summer vacation. Just you and me and the kids. Popponesset is lovely in the summer, and you know how the kids always complain that they can’t go to the beach in November and December because of the weather.”
“And?”
She looked at Harrison. “And what?”
“You’re not telling me everything,” Harrison chimed. “I can feel it.”
“Oh for crying out loud!” Abby threw her arms up in the air. “I hate when you do that!”
“Do what?”
“Read me like an open book!”
Harrison shrugged. “Sorry, honey. Can’t help it, and as far as books go, you are one of my favorites.”
“Excuse me?” Abby looked at him with her eyes wide open in mock outrage. “I’m only one of your favorites?”
“Okay, you’re my favorite, but let’s stay on topic, shall we? What is it you’re not telling me?”
“All right, all right! Mom said she wants to move house in August. She wants to get it over and done with before the fall storms start.”
“I knew it!” Harrison said triumphantly. “You want me to spend my hard-earned and well-deserved vacation helping your mother move house!”
Abby shook her head. “You know it’s not like that. She won’t need much help anyway. She’s going to use the same relocation service as last time. They will do all the heavy lifting. It’s just … I don’t want her having to organize it all by herself. She’s only been at her current place for four years, but still, it’s not easy giving up everything and starting anew. Again. No less at her age. I just want to be there for her and give her some moral support. Especially now that Val is being such a …”
“Go on,” Harrison encouraged her. “Say it.”
“… such a bitch about it.”
“There you go.”
Abby looked at him apprehensively. “So what do you say?”
“I say the kids are absolutely right.”
“What do you mean?”
“It sucks that we can’t go to the beach in November. So yeah, let’s have a little summer vacation on Popponesset while it’s still there.”
Abby jumped out of her seat and tiptoed around the table giddily like a little girl. She stood behind Harrison, draped her arms around his neck and pressed her cheek against his. “You’re the best.”
“Yeah, yeah, I know,” Harrison said nonchalantly and patted her arm. “And you totally deserve me.”
“Really? Do I deserve someone who’s so full of himself?”
“Yep.”
“Okay then,” Abby said and kissed him on the cheek. “I love you.”
“I love you too.”
For a moment, Abby kept standing there, holding on to Harrison and letting the warmth of his face caress hers. Harrison pulled his blanket up to his chin and put his hands on Abby’s arms. The night was cold, too cold for the end of May, although expressions like too hot and too cold in regards to the weather had long since lost their meaning. Since the middle of the twenty-first century the runaway greenhouse effect had created erratic climate patterns all across the world, with local weather running amok in many places. In Southeast Asia, the rainy season now lasted nine months while most of Southern Europe was rapidly turning into desert wastelands. Here in New England, only two of the original four seasons remained—summer and winter. The last snow had melted away only three weeks ago. Since then, the temperatures had been rising steadily, although some nights were still cold. By mid June they would reach the eighty to ninety degree range where they would stay—most likely without a single drop of rain—until October. Then they would continually drop and usher in the first winter storms with torrential rains colloquially dubbed ‘hot showers’ because the temperature of the raindrops falling from the sky often reached seventy degrees or more. The reason why the kids couldn’t go to the beach during their yearly visits to Popponesset was not that the weather was too cold. It usually wasn’t. It was because at that time of the year, the ocean was too dangerous. A couple of years back, Harrison and Abby had taken Connor and Lily on a walk along the beach not far from the home of Abby’s mother. The weather was dry and still warm enough for them to wear shorts and T-shirts, but the ocean was a raging maelstrom. Only twenty yards away from them, a sixteen-year-old boy was standing too close to the shoreline when all of a sudden a wave had swept him off his feet and dragged him into the sea. Five weeks later, fishermen found his naked body in their nets—in his death struggle the monstrous undercurrents had literally torn the boy’s clothes to pieces. That’s why Harrison and Abby had decided that the beach was off limits when they visited Abby’s mother for Thanksgiving or Christmas, much to the children’s dismay since they loved swimming. Connor especially had made his indignant protests against these seemingly arbitrary restrictions on his personal freedom a Conway holiday tradition. Both he and Lily would be thrilled to visit Popponesset in the summer. Harrison looked at his watch and wondered if 9:47 p.m. was too late to go and tell them about the good news.
“Did you check on the kids before you came down?” Harrison asked.
“Connor was watching a documentary on the Mars landing. Lily was asleep.”
“First or second Mars landing?”
“You can’t really call the first one a landing, can you?”
“A crash landing is still a landing.”
“Whatever,” Abby said. “He was watching the second one.”
“Really?” Harrison frowned. “That’s odd.”
“Why?”
“It seems boring in comparison to his usual taste in entertainment. I know my son. If it doesn’t involve carnage, he’s usually not interested.”
“Give him a break,” Abby said as Harrison pulled out his phone to monitor his son’s media activities.
“See,” he said, exasperated. “I knew this couldn’t be right! He fooled you! He feigned interest in scientific history, and the moment you turned your back, he switched back to The World’s Deadliest Home Videos. How many times have we told him he’s not allowed to watch that show?”
“I’ve never told him that,” Abby said. “You tell him practically every week.”
“Yeah. And thanks a lot for backing me up on this one.”
Abby shrugged. “It’s just a TV show.”
“It’s not ‘just a TV show.’ It’s blood porn!”
“It does have some educational value.”
“Oh please.” Harrison scowled. “Nobody needs to see people being maimed or killed to know you’re not supposed to ride on top of a car at a hundred miles an hour or jump head first into a pool with no water in it. This program panders to the lowest of human instincts. It’s our modern-day equivalent of watching people getting torn apart by lions at the circus in ancient Rome. But not in my house!”
Harrison tapped a few keys on his phone. “There you go, ConCon564,” he said, referring to his son’s Internet handle—Connor Conway, born May 2064. “Electronic media access blocked.”
“Please don’t do that,” Abby said, finally letting go of Harrison. “Do we have to have a perfectly nice evening end in a fight again?”
“What are you talking about? We don’t fight.”
“You’re fighting all the time!”
“Honey, it’s called banter. Besides, my house, my rules. End of story.”
“Yes, my dictator.” Abby sighed and returned to her chair. “Did you never break any rules when you were young? Did you never watch stuff as a kid that you were not supposed to watch?”
“First of all,” Harrison said, “yes, of course I did. I have broken more rules in my time than I care to remember, and I’ve had to face the consequences. Second, we didn’t have trash like that when we were young, Abby. I mean, we had a lot of trash on TV, but we didn’t watch people getting severely injured or even killed for our amusement. Funny home videos have been around for a hundred years, but back in the day, a TV producer’s idea of funny was birthday cakes getting dropped on the kitchen floor, babies falling asleep with their heads in a bowl of cereal, or grandma and grandpa falling over while they were dancing at a wedding. To keep us entertained they never had to show us the version where grandma hit her head on the edge of a table on her way down and cracked her skull open, or a kid trying to do a back flip, breaking his neck and ending up in a wheelchair for the rest of his life. People getting injured or killed used to be news. Now it’s entertainment, and I’m not having any of it!”
“Yeah, yeah, the good old days when life was still pure and children were well behaved and obedient. But nowadays children indulge in luxury. They have bad manners and contempt for authority, they disobey their elders, gobble their food, and tyrannize their teachers, right?”
Harrison nodded. “That is exactly right.”
“That’s a quote from Socrates, fifth century BC. People have been saying the exact same things about their kids for two and a half thousand years. Probably even longer than that.”
“And for two and a half thousand years they’ve been spot on,” Harrison said and emptied his glass. “Spot on, I’m telling you.”
Abby shrugged. “Boys will be boys. They need to find their own way, and the sooner the better. They have to rebel and defy authority. It’s part of their hardwiring.”
“I know,” Harrison said.
“So why do you keep giving Connor such a hard time then?”
Harrison looked at her. “Think about it. What does he need in order to defy authority? An authority he can defy. What does he need to overstep boundaries? Boundaries he can overstep. I’m providing a valuable service here. What I do is necessary to help him become a strong person. The amount of authority you exercise as a parent or the rigidity of the boundaries you set will always be up for debate. Am I a strict parent? You bet I am. Am I too strict? I don’t think so. Are my punishments harsh sometimes? Maybe. Are they too harsh? Hardly. Unlike my own father, I’ve never raised my hand against my children. I don’t send them to bed without dinner like my father did. I don’t sentence them to weeks of physical labor around the house. This is not the Gulag. You see, finding your own way is very nice and all, and I’ll always encourage my kids to do that. But I’m not gonna just stand there and watch him tear down a wall if he wants to get from the kitchen to the bathroom. Not as long as we have perfectly nice doors and carpeted hallways.”
“You know what?” Abby said and got out of her chair. “Here he comes now, so why don’t you explain that to him?”
Harrison looked at the slope leading down from the house and saw Connor walking towards them, his tablet computer in his hand. He didn’t look happy. A sigh escaped Harrison.
“I told you not to block his access,” Abby said. “What did you expect? That he’d just turn off the lights and go to sleep?” 
“Yes!”
Abby sighed. “Anyway, I’m going up to the house. You want some coffee? Maybe it’ll help you calm down.”
“You know I don’t drink coffee so late at night. It gives me heartburn.”
“Right,” Abby said. She dangled the empty wine bottle in front of his face. “You want me to get us another one of these then?”
“Definitely,” Harrison said and nodded as Connor stood in front of him with his arms akimbo.
“What?” the boy demanded to know.
“What what?” Harrison asked, pretending to be oblivious to Connor’s anger.
“This is going to be fun. I’ll leave you guys to it,” Abby said and strutted off towards the house.
“You know exactly what I’m talking about, Dad. You blocked my access!”
“And why would I do that?”
“Well, exactly,” Connor said, raising his arms and dropping them in resignation. “Why would you do that? What have I ever done to you?”
“What, you mean apart from that one time when you peed all over me?”
“Stop bringing that up every time you need someone you can blame for your miserable existence. I was five months old when that happened!”
“That is such a convenient excuse, isn’t it?”
“Dad! I’m being serious! You have to restore my access. I need it for school.”
Harrison chuckled as he fondly remembered his parents finding porn videos on his computer when he was thirteen. He had tried to pass them off as learning material for his sex education class, but to no avail.
“Can we at least talk about this, or are you just going to mock me?” Connor asked.
“Okay, let’s talk,” Harrison said. “But for Christ’s sake, son, don’t stand in front of me like the Spanish Inquisition. Do your mother a favor and keep her seat warm for her until she gets back, will you?”
“I need you to restore my access,” Connor said as he sat in Abby’s chair. “This is not the fifties anymore when electronic media were a fancy toy. Access to digital services is a basic human right, and having my access blocked is like solitary confinement. It’s worse, actually. It’s like being gagged and blindfolded.” He tucked the blanket under his arms and put his tablet on the table. “Oh, grapes!”
“Oh, grapes indeed,” Harrison said, “and if you touch them, I’ll break your fingers one by one.”
Connor leaned across and plucked a handful of grapes from the already decimated cluster.
“That’s it,” Harrison said, staring at his son as he popped a grape in his mouth. “Go pack your things. We’re putting you up for adoption.”
“Wow,” Connor said. “These are good! How can we afford grapes like these?”
“They came out of your allowance which, by the way, has been canceled.”
“Right.” Connor popped another grape.
“Also, we’re taking you out of school and sending you to work on a farm.”
Connor chuckled.
“You don’t give a damn about a single thing I say, do you?” Harrison asked.
“I sure don’t.”
“See, and that’s why your access is blocked. How many million times have I told you I don’t want you to watch that stupid Deadliest Home Videos show?”
“Zero,” Connor said. “Zero million times. For you to have told me a million times you would have had to tell me a couple of hundred times every day since the day I was born. Pretty sure I’d remember that.”
“All right, smartypants, it’s called hyperbole. The point is I have told you more than just once or twice, but you just don’t give a damn. And that is not how a dictator-subject relationship is supposed to work.”
“Look, Dad, I know you’re trying to be funny, but I need to watch that show because I’m doing research for a term paper for sociology class.”
“Oh is that so? Well, prove it then. The term is almost over, so your paper should be almost done. Go on then, let’s see what you have so far.”
“All right,” Connor said and grabbed his tablet from the table. “I’ll show you, except oh shoot, somebody blocked my electronic media access, so I can’t!”
“Cheeky little bugger,” Harrison said, and after tapping a few keys on his phone, the screen of Connor’s tablet came to life. Connor opened the file and handed it over. The screen read The World’s Deadliest Home Videos – How TV Cruelty Coarsens the Mind, by Connor Conway. 
“What do you know,” Harrison muttered under his breath. He swiped through the pages. “So the title of your paper suggests,” he said, “that TV cruelty is bad for you.”
Connor shook his head. “The title merely says that it coarsens the mind of the viewer. Whether that’s a good thing or a bad thing is a different question.”
“Right.”
“Spoiler alert: it can be pretty bad.”
“And you really need to conduct an experiment on yourself to come to that conclusion? Whatever happened to common sense?”
“Common sense is actually not very common,” Connor said. “But these videos also have a good aspect.”
“Oh yeah? Like what?”
“Raising awareness. They show you that accidents will happen. Not only when you’re trying to pull a breakneck stunt, but even when you’re doing simple everyday things.”
“I call that common sense,” Harrison said.
“Yeah, but the thing is, being told something or just thinking about it doesn’t have the same impact as experiencing it yourself or seeing it with your own eyes. Do you remember how I burned my hand when I was little? On that candle on my birthday cake?”
“Yeah, that was pretty stupid. I said, ‘Son, these are candles. Don’t touch the flames. They’re hot and you’re gonna burn yourself.’ Next thing I knew, you got that defiant, rebellious look on your face, and you put your hand right into the flame. Second degree burn. Doctor at the hospital wanted to call the police and report it as child abuse. Instead of just listening to me …”
Connor sighed. “Did it ever occur to you that I didn’t know what ‘you’re gonna burn yourself’ meant? I mean, how was I supposed to? I was two years old. It’s like explaining to a blind person what the sky looks like. You can try to explain the beauty and the ugliness of life to people all day long and with all the fancy words you can come up with, but nothing beats seeing things with your own eyes. A picture is worth a thousand words, you know?”
“Right,” Harrison said, still swiping through Connor’s term paper. “So what’s the conclusion here? TV cruelty numbs people, but it’s a good thing?”
“I wouldn’t say it numbs people per se,” Connor explained. “It’s more like it prepares them for reality.”
“Yeah, I’m not sure I agree with that.”
“That’s okay. You don’t have to. In my paper I don’t come to a definite conclusion. I just argue points back and forth. But in the end it is possible to learn from other people’s mistakes. It raises awareness of the dangers of everyday life but at the same time it does numb people. I think it’s an interesting dichotomy. Everything comes at a price.”
“Deadliest Home Videos as a health-and-safety program,” Harrison sneered. “What has the world come to?”
Connor shrugged. “Could be a lot worse. These are just accidents, and accidents will always happen, no matter how hard you try to prevent them. There are other programs where people intentionally hurt and humiliate others for the sake of entertainment. Now those are really pretty ugly.”
“I know,” Harrison said. “Don’t you dare let me catch you watching one of those.”
“Nah.” Connor waved his hand dismissively. “Not interested. They can’t teach me anything I don’t already know.”
“Such as?”
“People are cruel,” Connor said.
“Right. And watching other people’s deadly mishaps for your entertainment is not cruel?”
Connor shook his head. “I think there’s a difference.”
“I don’t know, son. Laughing at people who accidentally kill themselves does sound pretty cruel and heartless to me. And that’s what you’re doing, isn’t it? You do laugh when you see a kid fall from a tree and break his neck, don’t you?”
“Of course I do. Watching people fail is fucking hilarious. I think you’re just offended by the fact that some people don’t get what they deserve or get what they don’t deserve or however you want to put it. You know, some people get away with murder and mayhem while others live a life of decency and kindness and get run over by a car. Is that fair? Of course not, but it’s life. Life isn’t fair. Fairness is a human concept, and as far as the universe is concerned, it’s non-binding. The universe doesn’t give a shit about our sense of fairness, and in that respect it is indeed a very cold, dark, and cruel place. We as humans carry the seed of cruelty within ourselves because we’re the children of a cruel universe. It’s in our genes. But unlike the universe, we have a choice. We can choose to do good things or bad things. The universe doesn’t have a conscience. The universe just is. And there’s your difference. Watching telecasts of stonings and beheadings in the West Arabian Caliphate is watching people being assholes. Watching people having accidents, on the other hand, is watching the universe being itself. There is nothing remotely funny about watching people intentionally kill other people, but I think humor is a perfectly acceptable way to cope with life’s random little atrocities, with whatever the universe throws at us. And cope we better, because we’re all gonna die one day, and for many it’ll come sooner than expected.”
“Son,” Harrison said, “you’re way too young to be such a pessimist.”
Connor shrugged. “Pessimism is realism. Can a person be too young to be a realist?”
As Connor leaned back in his chair and looked at the starry sky, Harrison pondered the question. He was impressed by his son’s academic prowess, his ability to argue a point, but it also scared him a little. Why did they have to grow up so fast? He and Abby had made a point of raising their children in a way that would best prepare them for a life in a world that kept changing at an ever increasing pace. From an early age they had taught Connor and Lily how to tell facts from fiction, to question everything they saw, everything they were being told, to always seek for the truth, to use their own minds and to try and find their own answers even to the simplest of questions. Harrison wondered sometimes if he and Abby had taken their own idealism too far. Had their celebrating Christmas without employing the legend of Santa Claus taken away from the magic and wonder of childhood that children were entitled to? Did he have the right to be surprised that his son would use what was supposed to be TV entertainment as source material for his social criticism, or that Lily liked to negotiate her bedtime like a defense counsel in front of a jury? Wouldn’t it have been better if they were just normal kids trying to get away with things in some more age-appropriate, childish ways? He and Abby were academics, and they had tried to raise their children to be academics, too, in order to give them a head start; to prepare them for life in a country—a world even—that was going to the dogs, that was unrelenting in its economic pressures and brutal in its social coldness. They were living in a world where the middle class had long since ceased to exist, where you were either part of the 0.1 percent that made up the ruling elite or part of the 99.9 percent—those whose lives resembled those of ants or worker bees with endless toil and suffering from the cradle to the grave. The one defining factor that set the two apart was money, the kind of money you only had if you were a corporate executive or a politician, or an heir of one of those. The rest of the people actually had to work for their money, and even those earning top salaries could no longer consider themselves rich, not with the way taxes and living costs had been skyrocketing for the past thirty or forty years. The only reason why Harrison and Abby were able to maintain a reasonably decent lifestyle was that they didn’t have to pay rent or a mortgage. They had inherited their home, a five-thousand-square-foot residence on the outskirts of Boston, from Abby’s grandfather. David Warner had been a professor his entire adult life, teaching linguistics and philosophy at MIT in the late twentieth and early twenty-first centuries at a time when a professor could make a very comfortable living by teaching no more than two or three courses each semester while his wife stayed at home and took care of the kids. Those times were long gone. Abby was teaching six courses this semester, and Harrison spent his weekdays in D.C. taking care of the president’s medical needs. Prestigious jobs, both of them, but if they had to pay for housing, they’d be struggling like everyone else.
As a teenager, Professor Warner’s firstborn son—Abby’s Uncle Phil—had made a small fortune as one of the most prolific YouTube vloggers of the 2010s. His Phililoquy videos with his musings about life, the universe, and everything had attracted millions of subscribers from all over the world. Harrison and Abby had watched some of them—they were still online sixty years on—and were astonished at his zest for life, his vigor, and most of all the amount of spare time he seemed to have had. How different his life as a youth must have been from that of Connor, whose entire childhood had been filled with studying and learning. It had been playful learning at times, but it had undoubtedly lacked the kind of idle freedom and creative chaos that his grandparents and great-grandparents used to enjoy. Thinking about it all filled Harrison with a profound feeling of melancholy and sadness, and he wondered if telling Connor about the upcoming summer vacation on Popponesset would make him—Harrison—feel any better.
Then, out of nowhere, came the burst.
It started as a warm glow from above. For a moment Harrison thought it was the searchlight of a police helicopter, but there was no noise, and by the time he heard Connor say, “Dad!” with an alarming tone in his voice, it had turned into an intense bright light, so bright that everything around them vanished in a sea of white. Harrison instinctively closed his eyes and covered them with his hands, but the light seemed to penetrate even his hands and eyelids and continued to singe his retinas. Then he heard Connor scream with pain.
“Connor!” He jumped out of his chair, but in his desperate attempt to reach out for Connor he toppled over the garden table as the boy kept screaming at the top of his lungs. Disoriented, Harrison fell to his knees and crawled in Connor’s direction. Blinded, he kept reaching out for his son until he finally got hold of his leg. Connor kicked back violently, desperately, so Harrison pulled the shaking body towards him and restrained the boy’s kicking legs with his own.
“Connor, it’s okay!” Harrison said, holding his son in his arms and pressing his face against his chest to shield it from the burning brightness. “It’s gonna be okay!”
“My eyes!” Connor cried, hugging his father tightly. “My eyes!”
“I know, son. I know. It’s gonna be all right.”
After twenty or thirty seconds, Harrison noticed through his own closed eyes that the surrounding light was getting dimmer. As he cautiously opened his eyes, he saw the trees and the house slowly reemerging from the silvery white. Moments later, the night was almost—almost, but not quite—as dark as it had been before the burst. He saw the shadow of his body on the grass, and when he looked up, he saw an object in the sky. It was the size of the full moon, only brighter, but it seemed to be shrinking very slowly and losing some of its blinding brightness.
“A star exploded,” he said. “A fucking star exploded!”
He pulled his cellphone out of his pocket, but when he tried switching it on, its screen remained dark. He hurled the useless gadget away in anger, and it landed on the grass with a thud.
“Abby!” Harrison shouted towards the house. “ABBY!”
Connor was still clutching his father’s body, wailing and shaking. 
“It’s over,” Harrison said and slowly pulled back from their desperate embrace. “It’s over. Look at me.” He took Connor’s face in his hands. “Connor! Look at me!”
When the boy finally opened his eyes, Harrison was shocked to see that his pupils had all but disappeared. All that was left were Connor’s dime-sized blue irises on his glassy and unmoving eyeballs.
“Dad,” Connor said with a frightened voice, “I can’t see!”
“Abby!” Harrison shouted again. “ABBY!”
“I can’t see! I can’t see!”
“Shhhh,” Harrison said and put his arms around Connor again. “It’s gonna be okay, son. We’re gonna sort you out. Everything’s gonna be okay.”
He put his hand on Connor’s head and gently stroked the boy’s hair, fighting back his tears as he realized that nothing was ever going to be okay again.
1.2 Dixon Can Do
Washington, D.C. – May 28, 2079

“Our father who art in heaven, hallowed be Thy name. Thy kingdom come …”
Mason Dixon stood by one of the two windows of the master bedroom, wearing his pajamas and staring at the ball of fire that lit up the sky and the earth below with a blazing light. The strange object was less bright than the sun on a cloudless summer day but considerably brighter than the full moon. It was so bright that Dixon hadn’t even noticed his bedroom lights going out. He had been sitting on his bed—their bed—that always seemed too large and empty whenever Daisy, his former high school crush and now wife of twenty-seven years was traveling, and he had just begun to skim a few documents when all of a sudden a burst of light coming from the windows had lit up the room so brightly that he had to raise his right arm to shield his eyes. It didn’t have much of an effect: for a moment Dixon even thought he was seeing the bones through the flesh and skin of his arm. He closed his eyes and waited patiently for the shockwave that had to be forthcoming and that would disintegrate the structure of the building and bury him alive—or, more likely, dead—under a pile of rubble. Surely, the only source of light that was powerful enough to pierce through the thick, heavy curtains that Daisy had picked for their bedroom had to come from a thermonuclear explosion. Those damned slit-eyed yellow bastards, Dixon thought, they finally did it. But that shockwave—much to his surprise—never came, and when after half a minute that had felt like half an hour the bright light finally began to dim, he made his way from the bed to the window to cautiously peek outside. That’s when he saw the fire in the sky and began to pray, because what else was a reasonable man like him to do upon the realization that he was in all likelihood—shockwave or not— witnessing the beginning of the apocalypse? Dixon wasn’t an overly religious man. He didn’t believe in the virgin birth, and he had some serious doubts as to whether Jesus Christ had actually walked on water or risen from the dead, but he did believe in a higher power that directed the universe and gave his life purpose. Either way, he figured a prayer wouldn’t hurt.
“… and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass …”
Behind him, the door to the hallway burst open, and when he jerked his head around, he saw half a dozen men in heavy armor storm into the room with machine guns pointing in all directions, followed by four men wearing expensive suits and sunglasses.
“Jesus Christ!” Dixon said. “Can’t you guys fucking knock?”
“Sir!” one of the suits shouted as they approached him. “Step away from the window! Now!”
Dixon sighed, and before he could even move, two of the suits grabbed his arms on either side, put their hands on his head, and dragged him out of the room, led and followed by the two remaining suits and the uniformed gunmen. The group rushed through the West Sitting Hall, turned right into the Central Hall and then immediately to the left towards the stairs. Dixon tried his best to keep his feet on the ground, but the men dragged him along so vigorously that it almost felt as if he was floating down the stairs, six flights, three stories all the way down to the basement. Down here, it was completely dark. The power had gone out, and there were no windows to admit any of the gleaming light that lit up the night outside. The soldiers switched on their helmet lights and kept pushing and pulling Dixon down the hallway until they finally reached their destination. 
After the heavy steel door had been locked and sealed behind them, the suits let go of Dixon and respectfully stepped aside. Dixon looked around the room that was lit by candles and flashlights. About a dozen people in varying guises ranging from business to military attire were staring at him, obviously waiting for him to say something meaningful. Their bemused looks made him painfully aware of the fact that he was still in his jammies.
“So I guess this isn’t a pajama party then, is it?” he said.
Behind him he heard one of the suits whisper to one of the marines, “Go get the President some clothes.”
“Yes, sir!”
The freshly sealed steel door was unsealed with a hiss. The soldier slipped out, and the door was sealed again.
Dixon looked around. “Any of you guys ever go to sleep?”
“No, Mr. President.”
“Right,” Dixon said. “Well, somebody tell me what the fuck is going on! Roger?”
Roger McDugan, head of the Secret Service, cleared his throat. “I’m sorry, Mr. President, but we’re not entirely sure.”
“Let me guess, ‘not entirely sure’ means you have no fucking clue whatsoever, is that right?”
“Yes, Mr. President.”
“Then why the hell did you drag me out of my bed and bring me down here?” Technically, he hadn’t been in his bed, but he was a politician. He liked to exaggerate.
“Standard procedure, sir,” McDugan said. “Whenever we have no fucking clue whatsoever, the president is to be immediately taken to a safe location in accordance with the PSA.”
Dixon frowned. “The what?”
“The Presidential Security Act of 2074,” Brent Carter, Dixon’s chief of staff helped out.
“Right. Well, whoever signed this crappy piece of legislation into effect deserves to be strung up by his balls!” When Dixon’s remark was met by awkward silence, he added, “It was me, wasn’t it?”
“Yes, Mr. President,” Brent said, looking at his feet.
“Never mind then,” Dixon said and walked around the long table at the center of the Presidential Emergency Operations Center. As he took his seat, he quipped at the men and women still staring at him, “Stop standing around as if you’re waiting for cocktails. Take your seats and fill me in on what we know. Surely we must know something, no? Ellie?”
As the members of the National Security Council followed Dixon’s example and took their seats around the conference table, the Secretary of Defense Ellie James remained standing and addressed the president.
“Well, we don’t know a whole lot at this point,” she said, “and it’s difficult to gather more information because as you can see, the power is out. Some of us have cellphones that still seem to work but can’t get any service. From what we can tell, the power is out all over the capital and probably well beyond. We’re completely cut off from everything.”
“What about the emergency generators?” Dixon asked.
“We’re working on it,” Carter said. “They were supposed to kick in immediately after the power went out, but for some reason they didn’t.”
“It’s because of the EMP,” General Justin Belling, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said. “The electromagnetic pulse fried everything.”
“EMP?” Dixon asked. “So you’re suggesting we got nuked?”
The general raised his hands and cocked his head. “An EMP would be consistent with the detonation of a thermonuclear device is all I’m saying. “
“Yes,” Ellie said, “except the complete absence of a shockwave is not. That would be a strange kind of bomb.”
“It could be just the start of the attack,” Belling said. “They take out our power grids and render us completely paralyzed and defenseless. For all we know the enemy might be invading the country as we speak.”
Dixon looked at him. “And what enemy would that be?”
The general shrugged. “Arabs, Chinese, I don’t know. Could be anybody, really.”
Ellie shook her head. “Except nobody we know is able to put a second sun in the sky. Have you looked at this thing, general? If it were some man-made device, it would have to be outside of the earth’s atmosphere and magnitudes bigger than any device any nation in the world—including us—is able to build.”
“You’re suggesting, Ellie?” Dixon asked.
“Mr. President, I’m suggesting we’re not looking at any type of device at all but rather at some kind of natural phenomena.”
 “Phenomenon.”
“Mr. President?”
“Phenomena is plural,” Dixon explained. “Unless we’re looking at several different phenomena, this is a phenomenon.”
“Yes, Mr. President. Phenomeon.”
Dixon smiled contentedly. He was very proud of his classical education.
The steel door opened with a hiss, and the soldier returned, carrying a stack of clothes and a pair of shoes.
“Ah,” Dixon said and rose from his chair. He took his clothes from the soldier and squinted at them. “Look down?”
The soldier bent his head so that his helmet light shone on the clothes in Dixon’s hands.
“The blue suit?”
“Yes, Mr. President,” the soldier said.
“I hate that fucking suit,” Dixon said, “but it’ll do in this darkness, I suppose.”
“Yes, Mr. President. I’m sorry, Mr. President.”
“All right.” Dixon grabbed Brent Carter’s flashlight and disappeared in the restroom. 
When the president reemerged properly dressed, the members of the National Security Council were gathered around a secret service agent in a hazmat suit. His helmet was resting on the conference table. In his hand he was holding a Geiger counter.
“Ah, Mr. President,” the agent said, “I was just saying, I’ve been monitoring the conditions on the surface. Radiation levels are almost back to normal now.”
Dixon raised an eyebrow. “Almost?”
“Yes, Mr. President. Only about ten percent above natural levels. Mostly gamma rays. However, radiation levels were much higher when I started my measurements about five minutes after the burst, which suggests that at the time of the burst itself, they were extremely high. Lethally high, in fact. There are a few guards up there who were standing outside when the burst hit. Not only were they blinded by the intense light, they’re suffering from acute radiation syndrome now. They’re vomiting and bleeding out of their anuses, and I’m afraid they will not survive the next forty-eight hours.”
“My God,” Dixon said.
“The good news, however, is that if you were not outside and directly exposed to the burst, you’re most likely going to be fine. I’ve talked to a few staff up there who were working in their offices at the time. Some who were close to the windows are complaining about headaches and light nausea, but this is probably as bad as it gets for them. We will have to keep monitoring their condition of course. Anyway, the one thing I can say for sure right now is that it’s safe to be up there, and that whatever hit us was not a nuke.”
“Is it still there?” Dixon asked.
“The fireball in the sky? Oh yes, sir, still there. Getting smaller and dimmer, but still the biggest and brightest thing I’ve ever seen in the sky, apart from the sun and moon of course.”
Dixon nodded. “Thank you, agent.”
“You’re welcome, Mr. President.”
“All right then,” Dixon said and looked around. “Let’s have a look, shall we?”
He walked towards the door.
“Mr. President,” Roger McDugan said. “Where are you going?”
Dixon scowled. “Where do you think I’m going, Roger? I’m going to the surface to have a look at that motherfucker.”
“I don’t think that’s a good idea, Mr. President,” McDugan said. “As long as we don’t know exactly what we’re dealing with I must insist we exercise caution.”
“Well, Roger,” Dixon said, “I think it’s an excellent idea to go up there, and I’m the president so my opinion trumps yours.”
“But Mr. President …”
“Don’t ‘but Mr. President’ me, Roger. What are we supposed to do down here with not even a single phone line working? Suck our thumbs and pray the damned thing away? Well, good luck with that, Roger. If you want to hide under ground like a mole, be my guest and feel free to treat yourself to some cold brew coffee. I’m going up there. Now somebody open that goddamn door!”
The steel door hissed open, and the president left the room, followed by the members of the National Security Council and half a dozen soldiers lighting the way and pointlessly pointing their weapons in all directions. As soon as they reached the ground level of the White House and made their way outside, they were able to turn off their flashlights. The strange object in the sky created a diffuse ambient light that resembled the lighting conditions of a late afternoon on an overcast day in the middle of January. As the group gathered on the lawn in the Rose Garden, quietly mumbling to one another and trying to make sense of the situation, Dixon suddenly raised his hand.
“Quiet!” he said. “Anybody hear that?”
Everyone stopped to listen. A faint and distant sound filled the air, a whooshing sound like the splashing of a small subterranean stream echoing from the walls of a cave.
“What is that?” Dixon asked.
They listened more closely, and the longer they listened, the more they were able to identify individual sounds that occasionally rose above the distant cacophony. They were hearing the screams and shouts of terrified humans. Feet running; hundreds if not thousands of them. The sound of breaking glass. 
“It’s people,” Ellie finally said. “Thousands of them. In the streets, panicking.”
The general nodded. “Probably a lot of looting going on as well. With alarms and phones not working and the police being unable to respond …”
“Oh my God, look!” Brent Carter exclaimed. “It’s going to hit the moon!”
He pointed at the fireball that had been making progress across the night sky. It had now almost completely closed the gap between itself and the full moon. Mesmerized and holding their breaths, everyone looked on as the two celestial objects eventually seemed to touch, and there was a universal sigh of relief when there was no discernible impact. No parts of the moon were hurled into space, and its structural integrity remained perfectly intact.
The president scowled at Brent. “Talk about a panic.”
“I’m sorry, Mr. President, but it looked as though …”
“We know what it looked like, Brent. We were standing right here looking at it!”
“Yes, Mr. President.”
They kept staring at the celestial spectacle for another couple of minutes until the moon had completely eclipsed the fireball and the night was once again as reassuringly dark as it was supposed to be.
“All right then,” Dixon finally said. “Show is over, at least for now. I guess we can safely say we’re not under attack. Now what?”
“Attack or not,” Nelson Rodriguez, the Secretary of Homeland Security said, “we’re clearly at a time of crisis. The country needs strong leadership. You need to address the public as soon as possible, Mr. President.”
“Sure, sure,” Dixon said. “Just give me a bullhorn and I’m gonna to climb onto the roof of the White House. And then what? What do I tell them? ‘Good evening, my fellow Americans. I’m your president and I have no fucking clue what’s going on. I’ve been convening with the National Security Council, and they have no fucking clue either. Keep calm and carry on. God bless you, and God bless the United fucking States of America!’” He looked around. When nobody volunteered a response, he removed the sarcasm from his voice and continued. “What the country needs at a time of crisis, Nelson, is a president who knows what the hell he’s talking about. I need more information. We all do. The first thing we need to do is put our infrastructure back in place. Electricity, communication, all that crap. And then I want to speak to every fucking scientist that can shed some light on what the hell is going on here.”
“Mr. President,” Ellie said, “the director of Nasa is in town.”
Dixon raised his eyebrows. “The crazy one? That Tyson guy?”
“Yes, sir. Attending some nerd conference. Something about neutralinos or galaxies or whatever, I can’t remember. Anyway, my husband met him for lunch the other day. They met at the Four Seasons, so my guess is that’s where he’s staying, although I can’t be entirely sure on that, obviously.”
“Right,” Dixon said. “Well, there’s only one way to find out.”
As he walked back towards the White House, McDugan called after him, “Mr. President! Where are you going?”
“Where do you think I’m going, Roger? You’ve heard Ellie. The director of Nasa is in town, and if there’s one person in the world I’d like to talk to right now, apart from my wife, then it’s him. So come on, let’s go!”
“But Mr. President, surely you’re not going to walk to the Four Seasons, are you?”
Dixon turned around. “I don’t know, Roger, am I? You tell me. Do you have a car I can use? One that didn’t have its electronics fried and is actually still … you know, able to move? No? Well, then yes, Roger, I guess I will have to walk to the Four Seasons because I’m sure as hell not gonna sit here and do nothing when a man who can actually shed some light on that celestial motherfucker is sitting in a hotel room a mile from here and probably also doing nothing!”
“But Mr. President,” McDugan said, “no sitting president has actually walked down Pennsylvania Avenue in decades!”
“And isn’t that an incredibly sad thing to say, Roger? I’ve been living in this golden cage for six years now, and never once have I taken a stroll down to the neighbors. I don’t even know if the building next door houses a coffee shop or a funeral home. Anyway, the point is, the director of Nasa is sitting on his ass just a fifteen-minute walk from here, and I really do need to talk with him, all right? All right then, let’s go!”
“Mr. President, just listen to this!” McDugan pointed over his shoulder in the general direction of where the sound of panic-stricken people in the streets came from. “It’s too dangerous. I cannot guarantee your safety out there, not of you’re on foot. I must urge you to stay at the White House for the time being.”
“Sir,” Brent said, “I have to agree that walking all the way to the Four Seasons under these circumstances is reckless and dangerous. But maybe we could take the carriage?”
Dixon frowned. “The what?”
“The presidential carriage, sir.”
“I have a carriage? What, with horses and everything?”
Brent nodded. “Yes, sir.”
“Since when?”
“Well, since always, really,” Brent said. “All presidents since George Washington have had carriages. We just haven’t used them much in the last hundred and eighty years or so.”
“Well, I’ll be damned!” Dixon said, slapping his thigh. “How long to get the carriage ready, Brent?”
“I don’t know, sir. Fifteen minutes?”
“I can make it to the Four Seasons on foot in fifteen minutes, but all right. I’ll wait. If it was good enough for McKinley, it’s good enough for me. Brent, go and get my carriage ready.”
“Right away, Mr. President.”
“Meanwhile, I shall go and find my top hat.”

* * *

Dixon could see that Jamal Tyson was excited—maybe a little too excited given the circumstances. The Nasa director with the afro the size of Rhode Island was pacing his candlelit suite at the Four Seasons, flailing his arms about as he brought Dixon, Brent, Nelson, and Ellie up to speed. Of course, none of them had a clue what the man was talking about.
“Dr. Tyson,” Dixon finally said. “First of all you have to stop running in circles, because you’re making my head spin.”
“I’m sorry, Mr. President, tehehe,” Tyson replied. He sat down on the sofa opposite the President, but he kept fidgeting, rubbing his hands, and wriggling his fingers. “I’m sorry for getting a little excited at the scientific event of the century if not the millennium, tehehe.”
“Secondly,” Dixon continued, “you need to dumb things down for me, because all that scientific gobbledygook is making my head spin. Explain it to me as if I was six years old. Tell me again about that hyper … thingy.”
“Hypernova, tehehe,” Tyson said. “A hypernova is like a supernova, the violent death of a star, only with a substantially bigger energy output. Now when a star like WR 104—I think that’s the culprit here, hehehe—when a star like WR 104 explodes in a hypernova, it creates a jet of energy. Mostly gamma rays. That jet emanates along the rotational axis of the star, from its poles if you will, in a very narrow beam. We call it a gamma ray burst, and in just a few seconds it can release up to half the amount of energy produced by our sun in its entire ten-billion-year lifetime.”
“And this is what just hit us?” Dixon asked.
“That’s my best guess at this point.”
“And how did we not see this coming?”
“Well, hehehe, the short answer to that is because we couldn’t get funding from congress for that type of thing.”
“Right,” Dixon said. “Give me the long answer.”
“Tehehe, all right, Mr. President,” Tyson said. “The long answer is that such events are extremely rare. A gamma ray burst like that happens only a handful of times per million years in our galaxy, and most of the time they pose no threat to us because as I said, a gamma ray burst is a very narrow beam that usually misses us unless the rotational axis of the star is pointing directly at us. The other thing is that we simply don’t know enough about them. We knew that it would happen to WR 104 at some point, but at our current state of technology it was impossible for us to predict whether it was going to happen today or a thousand years from now.”
“So,” Dixon said, “you’re saying we just got unlucky, is that it?”
“Yes, Mr. President. Tehehe.”
“And there would have been no way to predict this.”
“No, Mr. President. You see, WR 104 is a binary star system. It’s two stars orbiting around a common center of mass. Simply put, it was wobbling, and the angle of its axis relative to Earth was constantly changing.”
“Are you saying that if that star would have exploded last week or next week rather than today, we would have been safe?”
“Hehehe.” Tyson shook his bushy head. “Technically, WR 104 didn’t explode today. It exploded when we were still in the middle of figuring out how to domesticate cattle and crops, when mankind was just beginning to learn how to do pottery, hehe. We only didn’t see it explode until today because it’s eight thousand light-years away from us. That may sound like a lot, but in cosmic terms it’s really in our backyard. But to address your point, a week or even a few months or years wouldn’t have made much of a difference, because WR 104 wasn’t wobbling that fast. However, had it exploded a few decades earlier or later, which is a mere blink of an eye in cosmic terms, that gamma ray burst would have missed us. So yes, I guess you could say that we got a little bit unlucky there, tehe.”
“A little bit unlucky!” Dixon snorted. “Are you fucking kidding me? On the short ride over here, I have seen dozens of dead bodies piling up in the street. And that’s just Pennsylvania Avenue. If that damned thing hit the entire country …”
“It certainly did, hehe.”
“… then we’re talking millions of deaths here, Dr. Tyson. Millions!”
Tyson nodded slowly. “I understand that, Mr. President. Just before you arrived I was down in the lobby. They’re turning it into a morgue. It’s an unspeakable horror. But this is not the end of it, I’m afraid. It’s only the beginning.”
“What are you talking about?” Dixon said. “I thought the radiation exposure was limited to the duration of the burst. We’re no longer getting fried by that thing, are we?” 
“Not if this was your typical, run-of-the-mill gamma ray burst,” Tyson said, “and I have no reason to believe that it wasn’t, hehe. But you see, Mr. President, not all the gamma rays that were heading our way tonight hit the surface. In fact, the earth has a natural shield that protects us from deadly radiation. It’s called the ozone layer. Without it, the burst would most likely have killed all of us. So in a way we were lucky indeed. Those of us who survived, that is. But you see, the ozone layer didn’t reflect any radiation back into space as you might think. Rather, it reacted with the gamma rays chemically. I’m going to spare you the dirty details of how exactly that works, but there are two major effects of this: depletion of the ozone layer and an increase in nitrogen oxides—mostly NO2—both of which will have dire consequences for the biosphere, not only in areas that were directly hit by the burst but worldwide.”
“What kind of consequences?” Dixon asked reluctantly. He didn’t really want to know the answer.
“It depends on how energetic that gamma ray burst actually was,” Tyson said. “We have to analyze the data once the power’s back on, hehe. But considering the amount of immediate deaths out there, I daresay it was pretty strong. My guess is that the ozone layer has been depleted by at least fifty percent, probably more. It will recover, but that will take a while.”
“How long?”
“At least fifteen to twenty years. So for the next two decades we will see increased surface-level ultraviolet radiation coming from the sun. One of the primary effects UV radiation has on us is that it damages our DNA. As a result we’ll see a lot of stillbirths and babies born with birth defects and abnormalities. Children already alive today will experience developmental delay. And many of the people who survived the burst itself, like you and me, will develop cancer in the next ten years.”
“How many?”
“Impossible to tell. Many.”
“Jesus Christ!” Dixon rubbed his eyes.
“That’s not all,” Tyson said. “UV radiation obviously doesn’t only damage human DNA. It affects every single living being on the surface of the earth, and not only on the surface. Oceanic phytoplankton is not only the base of the global food chain, it also produces half of the world’s oxygen. The burst probably hit the entire Atlantic Ocean and half of the Pacific. That is a lot of phytoplankton that is either dead or will see severe effects to its metabolism, its growth rate, and its photosynthetic capability, in other words its ability to produce oxygen.”
“What are you saying, Doctor?” Dixon said. “Are we all going to suffocate?”
Brent Carter cleared his throat. “Surely there must be other ways to extract oxygen from the ocean. If that phyto… whatever it’s called can’t do it, we’re gonna have to do it ourselves, right?”
“Well, hehe,” Tyson said. “In theory, yes. Of course we can extract oxygen from water via electrolysis, but that will require a lot of energy if we want to do it on a scale that will make any difference in the atmosphere.”
For the first time this evening, Dixon smiled as he fondly remembered his father Wolfred who, when he was president a quarter of a century ago, had fought hard against fierce opposition and almost insurmountable adversities to push through the Independent Energy Act of 2055. After America had depleted its own fossil fuel reserves to the point where it had become economical madness to exploit them any further, Wolfred Dixon had finally managed to convince the American people that green was the way to go. With the cheap labor of millions of prisoners, tens of thousands of acres of cornfields in the Great Plains and vast areas of the deserts of the Southwest had been turned into solar farms. Aquatic power stations had been built along every river, wind farms along every coastline. It had been too late to stop climate change, but for twelve years running, America had been the biggest exporter of electric energy in the world, two thirds of which were solar.
“Energy,” Dixon said, still smiling, “shouldn’t be a problem, should it? We have lots of it, thanks to my father, may he rest in peace.”
Jamal Tyson rubbed his nose and didn’t smile back. “We used to have lots of energy, Mr. President. I’m not sure how much we will have in the future.”
Dixon frowned. “What are you talking about?”
“Remember how I mentioned that the burst had two major effects on our atmosphere? So far we’ve only been talking about the depletion of the ozone layer. But there is also the sharp increase in NO2.”
“So what does that do?” Dixon asked through gritted teeth.
“Unlike oxygen or carbon dioxide, NO2 is not transparent. It’s of a reddish-brown color. If you’ve ever seen twentieth century photographs of smog over cities like Los Angeles—a good part of that dome of dirty air was NO2. Now imagine such a cloud hovering not only over a single city but over the entire planet. NO2 has a great capacity of absorbing sunlight which will significantly reduce the efficiency of our solar farms. I’m not saying we won’t have enough energy to sustain ourselves, even if we use a big part of it on generating oxygen, but a lot of things are going to have to change if we want to avoid exploding energy prices and frequent power outages. And of course the reduced sunlight will also have a negative effect on the ability of plants to photosynthesize, which means even less oxygen.”
“Now wait a minute,” Dixon said with a whiff of hope in his voice, “won’t that NO2 also filter out the radiation you were talking about?”
Tyson scratched his beard and shook his head. “Sadly, no. NO2 absorbs light mostly in the visible spectrum, but not UV rays.”
“Dammit!” Dixon said. “And how long is that gonna last?”
“Again at least ten to fifteen years. The atmosphere will eventually clean itself, but the way it’s doing that is by literally washing the NO2 out of the air. It will all come down on us as acid rain which will, depending on its intensity and concentration, have fertilizing effects in some parts of the world but destroy crops and wild plants in others.”
“Jesus Christ, Tyson!” Dixon said agitatedly. “Who are you are you? The four horsemen of the apocalypse all in one? Do you have any good news at all?”
“As a matter of fact,” Tyson said with an unenthusiastic smile, “yes. The good news, if you want to call it that, is that the reduction of sunlight will have a considerable cooling effect on the planet. In other words, the effects of climate change will be reversed. We will experience a period of global cooling. For the first time in a hundred years the polar ice caps will grow again, and sea levels will stop rising, perhaps even fall.”
“Oh yeah, huh? That’s great, Dr. Tyson. Half of us got fried to death, the rest will choke, but at least it’ll be nice and cool!”
“I’m sorry to be the bearer of bad news, Mr. President,” Tyson said sheepishly, “but things are what they are, I’m afraid, tehehe.”
It took Dixon a while to ponder Tyson’s words. Then he looked at Brent, Nelson, and Ellie. He could see the doubt in their eyes. Their looks spoke volumes, and it took Dixon no unreasonable amount of imagination to predict what they were going to tell him the moment they left that hotel suite and made their way back to the White House. In full panic mode they would tell him that national security had to be their highest priority right now. With the country on its knees, they would say, other global players were lining up to deliver the deathblow to America, the once prod and mighty nation that hasn’t always been as successful at making friends as it has been at making enemies. They would suspect insidious motives behind any offers of aid and support and advise him to lash out at every helping hand like a wounded animal. His advisors were the kind of people for whom the end of the United States of America was a far more daunting prospect than the end of the world.
“Give us the room for a minute, will you?” Dixon finally said.
Brent, Nelson, and Ellie looked at Dr. Tyson and waited for him to leave.
“No,” Dixon clarified, “I was talking to you. I would like to speak with Dr. Tyson in private.”
The three exchanged bemused looks, then got up and left the room without a word.
“Hehehe,” Tyson said after Ellie had closed the door behind them.
Dixon got up from the sofa. He walked over to the minibar and poured two small bottles of bourbon into two glasses. Then he handed one of the glasses to Tyson and sat back down again.
“All right,” he said. “Let’s cut the crap. How bad is it?”
“Well, Mr. President. We know very little at this point, but we can use the little that we know to make a few educated guesses. What we know is that people who were directly exposed to the burst are suffering from severe cases of acute radiation syndrome and will die pretty quickly, while those that were inside a building may feel a little sick but will probably be fine. Now, the burst happened at around 10 p.m. Eastern. That’s 7 p.m. Pacific. On a beautiful summer evening in California. We’re talking probably tens of millions of people who were directly hit by the burst and who will be dead in forty-eight hours.”
Dixon felt all the blood drain from his face. “Jesus Christ!”
“And it’s not just us. The situation will be the same up in Canada and down in Central and South America. Taking into account the star’s position in the sky and the time the burst hit us, my guess is that the area directly affected goes all the way from Hawaii to the western parts of Europe and Africa. But of course it’s 4 a.m. over there so most people will have been inside, sleeping. I’d be surprised if their immediate death toll exceeds a few ten thousand. Still a terrible tragedy, but of course nothing compared to what’s happening in the Americas. For Asia and Australia on the other hand, the burst will have happened below the horizon, so they’re not immediately affected, but they will still suffer from the long term effects like the rest of us. In the long run we’re probably talking about billions of deaths. So yeah, all things considered, I’d say this is pretty bad.”
“Is is the end-of-the-world kind of bad?”
“Well, hehehe. That depends on how you define ‘world.’ You see, the earth has been around for close to five billion years and we’ve been through worse. Not much worse, but worse, and not very often, but occasionally. Please note that by ‘we’ I don’t mean only humans. I mean life in general. There have been five major mass extinction events in the history of the planet, and we think that at least one of them may have been triggered by a gamma ray burst. Back then, at the end of the Ordovician some four hundred and forty million years ago, about half of all animal species died. Now whether or not the Ordovician event was worse than what we’re beginning to experience tonight is impossible to tell. The point is, half of life on earth having become extinct also means that the other half did not. Life in general is persistent, stubbornly persistent, and the species that did survive back then went on to thrive more than they otherwise would have. So if you’re asking me if this is the beginning of the end of the world, then I will have to say: probably not. The earth will continue to move around the sun for a couple of billion years and life on earth will continue to thrive in one form or another. However, whether or not humans will still play a major part in that is a very different question.”
After a few long moments of silence and sipping bourbon, the best response Dixon could come up with was, “Fucking hell.”
“Mr. President, may I ask you something?”
“Sure,” Dixon said. “Ask away.”
“Do you love this country?”
Dixon frowned. “Of course I do.”
“Why?”
“Why?”
“Yes, Mr. President. Why. Why do you love this country?”
“Well,” Dixon said, “because it’s the greatest country in the world, I suppose.”
“Tehehe,” Tyson said. Then his face turned serious and he leaned in to the Dixon. “With all due respect, Mr. President, but that is bullshit.”
“Excuse me?”
“The only reason you think America is the greatest country in the world is because you were born here, and it’s what you’ve been told your entire life. It’s like religion. If you’re born a Christian, you believe in Jesus, and everyone else, Jews, Muslims, Hindus, they got it all wrong. But they’re thinking the exact same thing, Mr. President: that their religion is the one true religion, and everyone else got it wrong. Well, they can’t all be right, can they?”
“I suppose,” Dixon said, sounding entirely unconvinced.
“And patriotism is exactly like that. It’s like religion,” Tyson continued. “You love what you were born into. If you’d been born in China, chances are that you’d think China is the greatest country in the world. But patriotism, true patriotism I should say, is not about unconditional love or unreflected worship. It’s about honesty. Like friendship. A true friend is not someone who sugarcoats things for you or tells you only what you want to hear. A true friend will always be honest with you, even if it hurts. You know what I’m saying, Mr. President?”
Dixon nodded and took another sip of bourbon. “I happen to know a thing or two about honesty, Dr. Tyson. I’m a Dixon.”
“I see,” Tyson said.
“Do you remember my grandfather, the senator?”
“Of course, Mr. President. Senator Dixon was one of the greatest national politicians the country’s ever seen. One of the most popular, too. It’s a shame he could never bring himself to run for president, if I may say so, hehe.”
“You may, Dr. Tyson,” Dixon said, “you may. But what if I told you that he never ran for president because he didn’t trust the American people?”
Tyson shook his head. “I’d find that very … interesting, Mr. President.”
“You would, wouldn’t you? Well, let me tell you how that came about, Dr. Tyson. I vividly remember many a conversation—or argument I should say—my father had with my grandfather about America, about politics, and about the presidency. You see, the senator thought that America had indeed been the greatest country in the world once—and certainly the most powerful. But that was a long, long time ago and only for a brief period of time, roughly from the 1930s to the 1960s under the presidents Roosevelt, Truman, Eisenhower, and Kennedy. During that time we came out of the Great Depression much stronger than we’d gone into it, we beat the Nazis in World War II, we built a strong middle class that became the backbone of this country and that made the American Dream a real possibility for everyone to achieve. Heck, we even put a man on the moon. We were the greatest country on earth at the time. Strong, invincible, just. A force for good in the world. But it all went south from there. Or east, I should say, to China. Jobs became our biggest export commodity. We sold out the American worker and destroyed the middle class. Fueled by megalomaniacal delusions of omnipotent power, we waged one mindless war after another, bankrupting the country financially and morally. We incarcerated more and more of our people only because they were struggling to survive in a country that had abandoned them. That’s what the senator thought, and he fought his entire life to turn back the wheel, to restore equality, justice, and civil liberties. Because you see, Dr. Tyson, as much as the senator hated the excesses of unfettered capitalism and the way the American people and their civil liberties became casualties in that fifty-year war on terror, he never gave up on this country. He knew America wasn’t the greatest country in the world. He knew it wasn’t even in the top ten anymore. But he always knew and he always believed that it still had the potential to become great once more. And that’s what he always fought for.”
“And yet,” Tyson said, “he never ran for president. Why?”
“Because of his religious beliefs,” Dixon said.
Tyson frowned. “His religious beliefs?”
“Or lack thereof. The senator didn’t believe that the American people would ever elect someone who openly admitted that he didn’t believe in God. And to lie to the people, to pretend to be religious when he wasn’t, was not an option for him. He didn’t see how he could be a good president for America and the American people if he couldn’t even be completely honest about his beliefs. What you just said about friendship and honesty reminded me of that.”
“It just speaks for his integrity,” Tyson said. “Your grandfather was a very wise man. Hehehe.”
Dixon nodded. “Anyway, a huge fight broke out between my father and the senator. My father urged him to run, he begged him to run, but the senator wouldn’t have any of it. He thought the religious right was too strong in this country. Not as strong as they had once been, but still strong nonetheless. And my father disagreed. He said the religious right wasn’t strong, it was just loud. The senator thought this was just semantics. In his opinion, a loud voice was tantamount to political power, and he didn’t want to engage in a shouting match. The two nearly fell out over this. Although my father never explicitly said it, the senator knew that my father thought he was a pussy. That he didn’t have the courage to take on that fight. It was then that my father made the decision to prove the senator wrong. That was the single most important reason for my father to run for president: to prove the senator wrong on this. And even though it would take him twenty years, my father never lost his focus. He never gave up on that goal. ‘A Dixon can do’ is what he always said. Whenever someone told him something couldn’t be done, he would say, ‘A Dixon can do.’ It always was his mantra, and he turned it into his campaign slogan: Dixon can do! In the end he won the election by a ten point margin.”
“Too bad the senator never lived to see it,” Tyson said.
“I don’t know, Dr. Tyson.” Dixon shook his head. “If the senator hadn’t already been dead, it would have killed him to see how the religious right pounced on my father, how from the moment he announced his candidacy until his last day in office they tried to discredit him, to denounce him, to sabotage every single one of his policies. He could have personally invented a cure for cancer and they would have attacked him for destroying hundreds of thousands of jobs in oncology. My father faced even fiercer opposition than Obama did, can you believe that? Back then, although everyone knew that a lot of the criticism against President Obama was just latent racism, they never openly attacked him for being black. ‘Oh no,’ they would say, ‘it’s got nothing to do with the color of his skin, I just don’t like his policies, that’s all.’ And the media and the public believed it. With my father they never tried to be that subtle. They never shied away from calling him a godless Satanist who was against God and against America, even if it was complete nonsense. My father was an atheist. He wasn’t against God, he simply didn’t believe in God, meaning he didn’t believe in Satan either. It’s such a simple fallacy: he doesn’t believe in God, therefore he must believe in the devil. So easy to see through, so easy to debunk, and yet the label stuck. Remember all those United Satans of America T-shirts with my father’s face on them? They sold millions of them throughout his presidency.”
“Most people,” Tyson interjected, “wore them ironically, though. Most everyone I knew in college supported your father, and they only wore those T-shirts to mock and taunt the religious right, hehehe.”
“Even so,” Dixon said. “It’s not something you’d want to be recognized or remembered for. My father was a proud and honorable man, you know. All this Satanism crap hurt him. It hurt him deeply.”
“It didn’t hurt his presidency, though. After all, he was re-elected at a time when the country hadn’t seen a two-term president in over thirty years.”
“But at what price?” Dixon asked glumly. “Yes, he was a strong president, because he had to be. But it changed him in ways he never anticipated, and it affected his policies in ways he didn’t like. Have you seen how in his eight years in office his hair went from pitch black to almost white? My father was a good president, a successful president. ‘Dixon can do’ was not just a campaign slogan. It was his promise to the American people, and he delivered on that promise. He really could do. But the presidency took its toll on him, and if the senator had still been alive, he would have been devastated to see how it changed my father not only physically, but on the inside.”
“Don’t you think,” Tyson said, finishing his drink, “that he would have been tremendously proud also? Considering all the good things your father has done for this country?”
Dixon shrugged. “Perhaps? My father has done many a great thing he’s worth remembering for. Energy independence, balancing the budget, starting to pay back our debts, improving our relations with the Arabs. But under his leadership our relations with China cooled down, and both our prison population and our food prices kept rising. The senator was a skeptic, always has been. He always looked at the other side of the medal. If you could ask my father, he’d tell you that all the senator ever did was to look at the other side of the medal. He wasn’t exactly an optimist, you know? My father turned the country around and put it back on track, but if the senator had still been alive, all he would have focused on was everything my father did not accomplish.”
“Well, hehehe,” Tyson said, “you cannot fix in eight years what was messed up in the hundred years before.”
“That’s true. But apparently everything that’s been accomplished in the three hundred years of this country’s existence can be eradicated, wiped out, in an instant, in a single night. In a fucking flash.” Dixon took another sip of bourbon. “I mean, let’s face it, we’re down on our knees. We cannot recover from this blow all by ourselves, not if what you say is true and we have tens of millions of dead people lying around. And make no mistake, we’ve been a pain in the world’s ass for most of our existence. Do you really think they will help us to once again become the global bully that we used to be? They will help us survive all right, but it will be entirely on their terms. Europe and China will control the future of the world. No, no, Dr. Tyson, this country is done. The American people elected me to finish what my father had started, to continue his policies and to fulfill his vision for America. To make this country the greatest country in the world once again. But now it looks as though all that’s left for me to do is to prepare us all for the end.”
“Well, like I’ve been saying, Mr. President,” Tyson said. “I don’t know that this is the end. Things may look pretty bad right now, but we’re no dinosaurs. We have something the dinosaurs didn’t have, and that may be our biggest advantage here: our brains. Our intelligence, our creativity, and our diligence and tenacity can help us get through this together. The operating word here is ‘together’. If we continue fighting against each other the way we’ve been doing it since the dawn of history, chances are that we will just finish off what the burst started, that we will perish. But if we stop fending for ourselves individually and we join forces to fight for our survival rather than wasting our energy to fight against each other, then we have a chance. A good chance. A chance to start over, to build a new kind of civilization from scratch. So maybe that is the good news in all of this: that the universe finally slapped some sense into us and we get a chance to start over, a chance that otherwise would never have presented itself. I like to think that for our species the best is yet to come. Of course you and I won’t live to see this brave new world. To build it will take centuries rather than decades. But you have to start somewhere, at some point in time. Maybe that time is now.”
Dixon looked at him. “You’re asking for a lot, Dr. Tyson. Your vision of the future is bold, and your faith—for lack of a better word—in man’s ability to overcome their petty differences and to altruate and cooperate rather than fight and compete is optimistic. Very optimistic. “
“I’m aware of that, sir,” Tyson said and shrugged. “But I believe that our spirit and our survival instinct in combination with a dire situation the kind of which we’ll be facing in the coming decades and centuries will embolden us to change our ways for the better. It is often under the greatest pressure that man rises to his best.”
“Yeah.” Dixon snickered. “It is also often under the greatest pressure that a man is crushed.”
“I see.” Tyson rose from his chair and slowly walked over to the window to look out into the night. “So it’s ‘Dixon can’t do’ this time, is it?”
Dixon scowled. “I didn’t tell you that story so you could use it against me.”
“Bullshit!” Tyson said and turned to Dixon. “I think it’s exactly why you did it. You’re a politician, you can’t fool me, hehehe. You didn’t tell me that story for my benefit or my entertainment. You needed an audience, but the real reason you told me that story was that you needed to motivate yourself. You’re tremendously proud of both your father and your grandfather, and rightfully so. But all of a sudden you find yourself, your country, and your planet in this dire situation. You want to rise to the occasion. You want to step forward and lead. You can’t help it. You’re a Dixon, it’s in your genes. Now if only you had some kind of plan. A plan not just for the country but for the world. A plan not just for the next ten years but for the next ten centuries.”
“Yeah, well,” Dixon said and emptied his glass. “I don’t.”
“Well, Mr. President, this might just be your lucky day, hehehe.” Tyson walked over to his desk, grabbed a file and handed it to Dixon. Then he walked back to the window and leaned against the sill, crossing his arms. “I’ve been working on this for twenty-three years.”
Dixon looked at the file. On the cover it read, Project Exodus – A Strategy for our Long-term Survival by Dr. Jamal Tyson. It made Dixon laugh. 
“Project Exodus,” he said. “What is this, Dr. Tyson? Your plan to build an ark and sail away to the stars in search of a new home?”
Tyson didn’t reply. He just tilted his head and shrugged.
“Oh you gotta be kidding me!” Dixon said. “Are you out of your mind, you crazy son of a bitch? This is insane!”
“Maybe, hehehe. But maybe a little bit of insanity is exactly what we need right now. Although it’s not really that insane if you think about it. If you think big. History is littered with great visionaries who were deemed lunatics in their time. Project Exodus is the equivalent of a teenager thinking about moving out of his parents’ house. It may be early, but it’s not premature, and it will happen sooner or later anyway. Humankind’s future lies not on this planet. We came from the ocean. We took to the land, we took to the skies, we took to the solar system. It’s not in our nature to stop there. All too often, the next leap in our ancestors’ evolution was not taken out of boredom but out of necessity. Out of evolutionary pressure. Adapt or go bust. Even without that gamma ray burst our fate was already doomed, but before tonight, everyone I know would have told you that we probably still had a couple of hundred million years before mother Earth kicked us out of her basement. But there you go.”
“That’s very nice and all,” Dixon said, leafing through the file with greater interest than he cared to admit. “But how is that great plan of yours going to help us now, with the country on its knees and millions of people dead?”
“The most important thing you need to do right now, Mr. President, is lift people’s spirits. There are plenty of capable men and women who can rebuild our infrastructure and put the country back on its feet. Nobody needs you for that. What you need to do is not to tell people what to do but to tell them why. Give them a sense of purpose. Don’t tell them we’re rebuilding this nation so we can deal with the decades-long misery of the aftermath. Tell them we’re rebuilding this nation so we can take the next leap in our evolution and ensure the survival of the human race for the next hundred thousand years. Even if you and I will never get to enjoy the fruits of Project Exodus in our lifetime, there is no better time to start than now. And there is no better person to do it than you, because … you know.”
Dixon looked at him. He knew what Tyson wanted to hear, but he couldn’t quite bring himself to say it.
“Come on, Mr. President, I know you’re thinking it. Why not just say it?”
“All right, all right,” Dixon said and sighed. “Dixon can do.”
“That sounded like an apology, Mr. President. Make it sound like a battle cry!”
“Dixon can do!”
“Better, but I’m still not feeling …”
“DIXON CAN DO, GODDAMMIT!” Dixon shouted and jumped to his feet.
“All right!” Tyson said and raised his hands. “I hear you, Mr. President.”
Through the open window, the two men suddenly heard a noise arising in the distance. It was different from the earlier shouts of panic and fear, higher pitched and more homogeneous, as if thousands of people were no longer shouting over each other but in unison. 
Tyson turned to look outside. “Hehehe, what do you know,” he said. “Come look at this, Mr. President.”
Dixon joined him by the window. The surrounding streets and buildings were still dark, but in the distance, about a mile away, they could see a solitary source of light. People were running towards it down Pennsylvania Avenue, cheering and shouting. It was the White House, lit up in all its glory, shining like a beacon of hope in a sea of anguish and despair.
“Well, I’ll be damned,” Dixon said.
“Hehehe, somebody must have finally found the light switch.”
“It’s probably just the emergency generators. The rest of the city is still dark.”
“You gotta start somewhere, Mr. President,” Tyson said, putting his hand on the president’s shoulder. “You gotta start somewhere.”
1.3 Meitner²
London, England – January 1, 2114

“Good morning, Huxley,” Meitner said in a soft, silky voice like she did every morning at precisely 5:57 a.m. “Time to get up.”
Like every morning, Huxley Pendergast turned around, pressed his sleep-worn face into his pillow, and replied with an inarticulate grunt.
After another minute, with a tone slightly more endearing than before, almost a beguiling whisper, Meitner cooed, “Good morning, Huxley. It’s 5:58. Time to get up.”
“Go away,” Huxley grumbled with no apparent intent to comply.
“I’m afraid I can’t do that, Huxley,” Meitner said. “You explicitly told me not to. It’s time to get up. You have work to do.”
“I don’t care!” Huxley snapped in a hoarse, drowsy voice and pulled the duvet over his head, painfully aware that it was an exercise in futility. It was a very special duvet; not so much because it had been a gift from his best friend Higgs for Huxley’s twenty-second birthday, but because of its highly advanced features. The duvet’s nanofabric was ninety-three percent translucent and ninety-seven percent audio-transmissive, providing virtually no protection from Meitner’s tenacious nagging as she switched on the super bright LED lights in Huxley’s bed- and living room and raised her voice impatiently.
“It’s 5:59! Get out of bed, you fat, lazy bastard!”
Huxley silently cursed François Duvet or whatever the name of that Edward Teller of the bedclothes industry who had invented this vile piece of linen might have been. Off the top of his head he could think of at least a dozen practical uses for such a revolutionary fabric, but a duvet was clearly not one of them. This was, if anything, yet another corpus delicti of the age-old wisdom that not everything that could be done should be done, and as such it belonged in the same category as nuclear weapons, cloning Neanderthals, and permanent phosphorescent tattoos. Or, for that matter, programming your VPA—your virtual personal assistant—while you were in a state of moderate inebriation and telling her to keep an eye on you; to watch what you eat and how much you drink; how much you work and how little you work out; when you go to bed and—worst of all—when you get up. Huxley was convinced that the vast majority of people’s New Year resolutions, as honest and well intended as they might have been, only ever came into being with the obstetric help of alcohol. It was easy enough to declare your determination to live a better, healthier, more structured life when you were stranded somewhere in the no man’s land between your third drink and midnight when it didn’t matter if that brave new life was minutes, hours, or days away. To live—and deal—with the truth once the truth serum had metabolized and left your body was evidently an entirely different matter. 
When Huxley still showed no intention of getting out of bed, Meitner, wholly oblivious to his musings, proceeded to the next step in her algorithm. She turned up the volume of the speakers and started to sing at the top of her virtual lungs. 
“GOOD MORNIN’, GOOD MORRRNIN’, WE’VE TALKED THE WHOLE NIGHT THROUGH, GOOD MORNIN’, GOOD MORNIN’ TO YOU! GOOOOD MORNIN’, GOOD MORRRNIN’ …”
“All right, all right!” Huxley shouted in a futile attempt to drown out Meitner’s singing. He frantically kicked away his insidious duvet, swung his legs out of his bed, and rolled his two hundred and forty pounds across the room to his workstation. In wise anticipation of his own laziness, he had programmed Meitner’s wake-up routine in a way that would only allow him to turn it off manually by hitting Ctrl+Alt+Esc on his computer keyboard. In hindsight he congratulated himself on having discarded the idea of having Meitner only stop singing if he took a cold shower. Too much was simply too much.
“Thank you,” Meitner said with her voice down to a bearable volume after Huxley had pressed the right combination of keys. “Good morning, Huxley. Today is Monday, January 1st, 2114. You have five jobs due today. You have seven bills due today. The current temperature is nineteen degrees Celsius, with a humidity of eighty percent. Today’s maximum temperature will be twenty-seven degrees Celsius with a humidity of eighty-five percent. No significant precipitation is expected until 5 p.m. when there will be a seventy-five percent chance of thunderstorms. Would you like me to read the news headlines to you?”
“Not now,” Huxley said yawning as he scratched his head with one hand and his crotch with the other. “I need a shower.”
“Hot, medium, or cold?” Meitner asked.
“Medium lukewarm-ish.”
“Your shower is ready.”
“And order me some breakfast at Java the Hut, will you?”
“The usual?”
“Yes.”
“Delivery?”
“No, I’ll pick it up,” Huxley said and got into the shower.
Half an hour later, Huxley walked up the stairs from his basement flat, turned around the corner and made his way up Craven Road towards Paddington Station. It was still almost ninety minutes before sunrise, but the roads were already as gridlocked as they were at most times of the day apart from that small 2 a.m. to 5 a.m. window when the never-ending flow of traffic was actually flowing rather than oozing through the streets. Like most twenty-second-century metropolises, London was open for business 24/7/365 which is why even at 6:30 a.m. on New Year’s Day, walking was a quicker and more reliable way to travel short distances than driving, although the pavements were by no means any less crowded than the roads. But even large groups of pedestrians had a lower viscosity than cars and mopeds. Initially, the advent of driverless cars as the widely accepted standard means of personal individual transport had greatly improved the flow of urban traffic. But in a city like London with its many narrow streets and impatient pedestrians, it hadn’t taken people too long to figure out that walking into traffic no longer posed a significant risk. All modern cars were programmed to avoid collisions, not only with other cars but also—and especially—with pedestrians, who quickly adapted to take advantage of this safety feature by simply crossing city streets whenever they felt like it, regardless of red lights or traffic. The cars would inevitably slow down or even stop, and people could flow around the piles of sheet metal and carbon fiber like water around rocks. It was an irony that a system that was designed to benefit urban vehicular traffic proved to be even more beneficial to pedestrians as it allowed them to finally reclaim their inner city streets.
Without paying much attention to what was going on around him, Huxley let the steady flow of pedestrians gravitating towards the station wash him along. He wasn’t a particularly social person and he didn’t like people very much, but for some strange reason he rather enjoyed being part of a crowd; nameless, faceless, pretending to be just another mindless drone like all the others while silently, secretly, contemplating the marvels of life, the universe, and everything. Huxley felt superior when he joined a stream of commuters, ant-like automatons whose sole emotion seemed to be misery as they made their way to or from work. He knew they made more money—a lot more money than he did as a home based crowdworker who was constantly struggling to find enough micro-salaried jobs that would add up to anything resembling a living wage—but were these people happy? They sure didn’t look happy when he observed them on their daily rat race, and Huxley found it difficult to imagine that they would feel any happier when they were where they spent the vast majority of their waking hours: at work. Did these people ever smile? People only ever seemed to smile in public when they were at a theater, a concert hall or a sports event, or when they were on a train or a bus watching a movie or reading a book; when they were looking at something that would distract them from the squalor of their miserable realities. He couldn’t imagine the vast majority of worker bees ever smiling when they were at work. The fake, wooden smiles of shop assistants and sales clerks when they were trying to sell you something you didn’t need didn’t count, because those were part of a sales strategy, not manifestations of genuine joy. These people were all but cogwheels in a giant machine, spinning endlessly without ever going anywhere. Huxley was part of the machine too, a part no less and no more vital than any other, but at least he was not a cogwheel. He liked to think of himself as the oil. At least he got to flow around and see different parts of the machine every day. None of the parts he had seen so far had ever made him want to stay in any one place.
As he was crossing Westbourne Terrace, a slight vibration in his eep—his electronic earpiece—indicated that Meitner was asking for his attention.
“What is it?” Huxley asked.
“Higgs Martin is requesting to speak with you.”
“What, in the middle of the night?” Before Meitner had the time to figure out the meaning of this question, Huxley said, “Put him on.”
After a clicking sound, he was connected to his friend. “Call me in the middle of the night, this better be good.”
“Yo, sensei,” Higgs said, using the replacement word for ‘dude’ that had become fashionable with the Japanese conquest of western popular culture in the middle of the previous century. “Your gatekeeper’s sassy attitude is quite something, I have to tell you.”
“Meitner’s attitude is supposed to keep annoying people off my back,” Huxley said, “but apparently it’s not quite working.”
“Ha! I see what you did there, Hux.”
“I know you don’t like strong women, Higgs. You like brainless bimbos, but they don’t make efficient VPAs.”
“So sassy,” Higgs said, “I love it! Anyway, Happy New Year, bro.”
“We’ll see about that,” Huxley grumbled. 
“Did I wake you up, sensei?” Higgs asked.
“No, I’m out getting breakfast. What about you, though? Why are you up so early?”
“I’m not up early,” Higgs said, “I’m up late! Heading home from Ozone’s party at the moment. Sensei, you should have come. It was fearsome. I had sex with two girls and a guy!”
“All at the same time?”
“No, idiot! One after the other. You think I’m some kind of pervert or something?”
“You don’t want me to answer that.”
“Anyway,” Higgs said, “you should have come. We could have had a couple of drinks, I could have hooked you up with a girl or two, it would have been fearsome.”
“Thanks,” Huxley said, “but I don’t have time for things like that. I got work to do.”
Higgs sighed. “Sensei, we all got work to do. But all work and no fun makes Hux a dull boy. I’ll never understand why you keep doing this to yourself.”
“Do what? Work? Hm, let me see, why do I work? Oh, right, I remember! I work because I have bloody bills to pay!”
“We all have bloody bills to pay, sensei. What I mean is why do you have to get up at six on New Year’s Day? You’re your own boss, you don’t have to work six to four. You can start working at ten, or in the afternoon.”
“You know I’m a morning person,” Huxley said. “The early bird …”
“The early bird is grumpy and gets eaten by the cat.”
Huxley shrugged. “I like cats.”
“Yeah,” Higgs sneered. “You like cats, but you don’t like pussy, eh?”
“That’s not true!”
“Honestly, you don’t know what you’re missing. One of the girls I had tonight had honey implants.”
“Honey implants?”
“Yes!” Higgs said. “You know, like, when you suck on fake breasts and flavored juice comes out?”
“That sounds disgusting.”
“It’s fearsome, sensei! And the other girl, she was so moist, by the time I got my hand down there, her knickers were soaked in her juices.”
Huxley rolled his eyes. “And what flavor was that?”
“Pussy flavor. And don’t roll your eyes at me!”
“How did you know I was rolling my eyes at you?”
“Sensei, I’ve known you for a quarter century. I know when you roll your eyes.”
“I’m only twenty-two,” Huxley said absentmindedly because he suddenly realized that he was already standing in front of Java the Hut inside Paddington Station. He had no recollection of how he’d gotten there.
“Don’t be such a nitpicker. You know what I’m talking about.”
“All right,” Huxley said. “Listen, I have to go. Talk to you later.”
“Ay, talk to you later, sensei. Happy New Year.”
“Happy New Year.”
When Huxley terminated the connection with a gentle tap on his eep, he looked around to make sure he really was where he thought he was. The last thing he remembered was crossing Eastbourne Terrace. After that he must have crossed two other streets, made a left turn into the station and another left turn towards the coffee shop, but he couldn’t remember any of it. It was a phenomenon commonly known as suimin. Actually, the correct expression was suiminjiyūkōshō and it literally meant sleepwalking, but since most people didn’t speak Japanese and couldn’t be bothered to pronounce this behemoth of a word in its full length, they simply called it suimin and associated it with swimming, as in swimming through a crowd or through traffic in a trance-like state. Suimin was the subject of many a scientific study that sought to examine how people wearing augmented reality glasses or contact lenses and reading, watching TV, or making video calls subconsciously managed to get safely from one point to another. Safely, in most cases, that is. There were accidents, some of them fatal, where people fell down stairs or walked into fast moving traffic, but long term studies seemed to suggest that since the advent of AR glasses a hundred years ago, the number of fatal accidents had gone down from one in a hundred thousand to three in a million. Human brains were slowly adapting to the new technology, and being able to navigate a megalopolis like London without looking or thinking about it proved to be a real Darwinian advantage. Since people usually started wearing AR devices at a very young age—Huxley had got his first pair when he was six—those who couldn’t do it died before they could pass on their inferior genes. Those who could do it usually passed their ability on to their offspring. It was evolution at work, right in front of people’s eyes. Literally.
“Meitner,” Huxley said, “send AR logs to Restless Mind Labs. Full video and audio.”
“Specify time frame,” Meitner said.
“From when I left the flat until the end of my conversation with Higgs.”
“AR log sent.”
“Thanks, Meitner.”
“You’re welcome, Huxley.”
Restless Mind Labs was one of the scientific institutes that specialized in suimin research. Huxley was one of their voluntary guinea pigs and shared relevant data with them on a regular basis, usually a couple of times per week. They would then analyze the data—video and audio recordings as well as a number of his life functions such as his heart rate, blood pressure, blood sugar level, and the movement of his eyes—to gain a deeper insight into what kind of activities might cause and affect instances of suimin. Whenever he submitted his AR logs to Restless Mind Labs, he effectively gave up the last bit of the little privacy a twenty-second century city dweller had left, but Huxley didn’t mind. The advancement of science wasn’t possible without a certain degree of self-sacrifice, and besides, the compensation Restless Mind Labs paid him for his cooperation was rather generous. In an average month it amounted to nearly a quarter of his income, depending on the quality of data he submitted. People slipping into suimin while reading or watching videos were the most common cases that didn’t pay anyway near as much as instances where suimin occurred without any visual distraction such as the audio-only conversation Huxley had just had with Higgs. The most lucrative suimins were those that happened without any visual or acoustic distraction whatsoever, cases where a person simply got lost in their own thoughts. These cases were rare and usually required a follow up one-on-one conversation with a Restless Mind Labs research assistant to determine the exact physical and psychological circumstances that led to the suimin. These conversations were almost like free psychotherapy, and in Huxley’s case they had been revealing a pattern suggesting that if he was thinking about food, fiction, or himself, he was much more likely to slip into suimin than if he was thinking about politics, sports, or celebrity gossip.
“Good morning, sir, and welcome to Java the Hut. Your name please?”
The surprisingly cheerful voice of the young female barista womanning the pre-order takeaway counter pulled Huxley from the brink of another suimin. Dang it, Huxley thought, slipping into suimin while thinking about suimin, RML would pay a small fortune for that. 
“Sir?”
“Yes!” Huxley said, snapping out of his absentmindedness. “Sorry. Huxley. The name is Huxley.”
“That’s all right, sir,” the girl said with an irritatingly pleasant smile. “And your last name?”
“My last name?”
The girl, still smiling, nodded like a teacher encouraging a squeamish ten-year-old to jump off of the three-meter springboard for the first time.
Huxley looked at the queue forming behind him before he asked the girl, “How many Huxleys do you think you have waiting here?”
The girl checked the screen of her cash register when her supervisor stepped up behind her and whispered in her ear, “You’re not allowed to divulge that information.”
“I’m sorry, sir,” she said, looking at Huxley. “I’m not allowed to divulge …”
“It was a rhetorical question,” Huxley interrupted her with an irritated smile. “The name is Pendergast. Huxley Pendergast.”
“Thank you, sir. Let me get your order.”
“Please.”
As the girl scurried away, Huxley rolled his eyes and sighed. He had never been asked his full name when he picked up his order at Java the Hut, or any other food dispensary for that matter, which was just as well. He wasn’t particularly fond of his name, because it was such a mouthful. Huxley Pendergast. His parents, like most others, had been unable to withstand the fad-turned-fashion-trend that had swept the world like the plague in the last two decades of the twenty-first century. Despite the gamma ray burst of 2079 that had killed more than half a billion people in the Americas and parts of Europe and Africa, global population had been pushing twelve billion, and it had become increasingly difficult to give a newborn child a name that hadn’t already been taken by thousands of others. And so, by the mid 2080s, it had become fashionable to name children after famous scientists, actors, and authors. Soon the world’s classrooms were teeming with Darwins, Faradays, Maxwells, and Newtons, with Goldings, Salingers, Dickenses, and Ibbsens. Much to Huxley’s relief there weren’t too many people bearing his own name, because as scientists and authors went, Thomas, Aldous, and Julian were relatively obscure, at least more obscure than, say, Peter Higgs or Franz Kafka. Thankworthily, Huxley’s parents, unlike many others, had been able to withstand the temptation to blindly follow another fad that had come up not too long after the first; the fad of giving children a name that started with the same letter as their last name. With great pity Huxley remembered a primary school classmate whose unfortunate name—Hubble Huddleston—had made him the target of much mockery and bullying. And then there was his and Higgs’s friend from secondary school, Orwell Orson Osmond. Even their science teacher had been unable to resist mocking the poor chap by constantly referring to him as O3, but somehow Orwell had managed to turn this curse into a virtue and started calling himself Ozone which, Huxley had to admit, was actually rather cool and made Ozone one of the more popular kids at their school. Nevertheless, Huxley was grateful that his parents hadn’t named him Poe, Pavlov, or Picasso Pendergast. Huxley had never been exceptionally impressed by the idea of turning famous last names into painfully embarrassing first names, at least not for real people who had live with their names their entire lives, but when it came to naming his VPA, he hadn’t been able to resist. He had always been fascinated with strong, assertive women, and that’s what was he was looking for in a VPA. Huxley himself was of a lazy, idle disposition, and he had no use for a VPA that encouraged his listlessness and reinforced his avolition. He needed someone who would tell him in no uncertain terms what he had to do and—if necessary—kick his ass to make sure he did it. Unfortunately, most commercially available VPAs resembled virtual slaves, so Huxley decided to program his own. The result was Meitner, named after the Austrian physicist Lise Meitner, a strong, powerful woman with a name so sharp-edged and stern that the mere sound of it made you want to click your heels.
“There you are, sir,” the girl said and placed a paper bag containing Huxley’s breakfast on the counter. “That’ll be a hundred and thirty-five Euros.”
Stone-faced, Huxley stared at her until she double-checked the screen of her cash register.
“And … that’s already been paid for when you placed the order online. Sorry.”
“First day on the job?” Huxley asked.
“Yes,” the girl said, her face turning a pale shade of pink. “I’m sorry, sir.”
“Well, good luck,” Huxley said and grabbed his breakfast. As he turned and walked towards the exit, he heard the girl call after him, “Thanks for your business, Mr. Pendergast. Please visit us again. Happy New Year!” 
As Huxley stepped out into the humid early-morning heat and made a right turn onto Praed Street, he found himself in a state of bewilderment, wondering who that person was that had just picked up his breakfast. Asking a nameless coffee shop worker bee sarcastic questions about how many Huxleys were waiting for their breakfast and whether it was the girl’s first day on the job didn’t sound like him at all. In fact, it didn’t sound like anyone he knew. Picking up pre-ordered food was part of an industrialized routine that served only one purpose: to feed people quickly and without a fuss, like cattle. The process was time-tested and designed to work smoothly without any delays or interruptions. Most people who picked up their meals from a pre-order counter did so because they were in a hurry, and service personnel was paid by the amount of customers they served, so making friendly yet time-consuming conversation was in nobody’s interest. For a coffee shop girl to ask a customer about his life story and talking like a waterfall was most unusual, and even if it was her first day on the job, she ought to have known better than to waste not only Huxley’s time but also the time of the customers waiting in line behind him.
Perhaps she was born on the moon, Huxley thought. Two or three years ago, the first generation of humans born in LuCo, the lunar colony, about two dozen of them, had visited the home planet of their parents for the very first time. They were all young people in their late teens, and their verdict had been almost unanimous: they hated the place. Earth, that is. They hated the noise, they hated the pollution, they hated the gravity, the weather, and the way life was organized. LuCo was relatively small—only a few hundred people lived and worked there—so when the first lunar children came to earth, they were overwhelmed by the amount of people they had to deal with and by the speed at which human interaction took place on the mother planet. At the same time they were underwhelmed by the lack of purpose earthlings seemed to have. Down here, there were sports and cultural events that attracted live audiences of hundreds of thousands of people, and video entertainment that was watched by hundreds of millions at a time. The LuCo children perceived all this as an appalling and reckless waste of time and energy that was on top of it severely lacking intellectual challenges. These kids had been growing up playing with toy models of atoms and double helices, and they found life on earth trite and dull. So, after they had visited their grandparents and extended families for four weeks, which had been the main purpose of their trip to earth, most of them couldn’t wait to hop on the next rocket and head back home to LuCo. Only five of them stayed behind. There were always some who would be intrigued by the unknown, by everything that’s strange or different. Even in the twenty-second century you’d still find people, born and raised in a modern city surrounded by computers and machinery, who’d choose to leave it all behind; who’d walk into the woods and build a log cabin with their bare hands and live life without electricity or running water. There were always some who felt they were born in the wrong place, at the wrong time; people who were intrigued by the often illusionary romanticism of distant places or a past long gone.
Earth’s reaction to the LuCo kids had been ambiguous, to say the least. When they first arrived on the planet, the media naturally pounced on them like birds of prey. Everyone wanted a piece of them; everyone wanted a little sound bite. But soon the novelty wore off, and their perceived arrogance and their ticks and idiosyncrasies gave rise to mocking and criticism. Some people in the media who had never been very talented at restraining themselves dubbed the LuCo kids ‘lunatics’, a moniker that quickly gained popularity with the general public. By the time nineteen of the twenty-four went back to LuCo, nobody was all that sad to see them leave. Yet at the same time, those that had chosen to stay on Earth weren’t treated with any more respect at all. In fact, the very media that had criticized them for being arrogant little know-it-alls now mocked them for being naïve and ‘probably not the smartest’ for staying on Earth, a notion that seemed to be confirmed when within eighteen months, three of the five had died. One had been run over by a bus when he had tried to cross a street in downtown Sydney without looking both ways. Another had been raped and killed by a convicted sex offender who had escaped from prison in the Siberian city of Krasnoyarsk a few days earlier. The third had hanged herself in her bedroom at her grandparents’ house in Kyoto. Huxley wasn’t entirely sure what had happened to the remaining two, but now that he thought about it he seemed to remember that one of them had been African American and the other one male. Unless the latter had had a sex change, it was extremely unlikely that he’d ended up as a barista at Java the Hut at Paddington Station. So the girl had in all likelihood not been born on the moon, but in Huxley’s opinion that was not an adequate excuse for her to be so obnoxiously friendly and smiley and to treat her customers like human beings. For a moment, Huxley entertained the idea of filing a complaint with Java the Hut’s head office, but then he realized that he was standing in front of his flat with his key in his hand, and he had no idea how he’d gotten there.
“Bloody hell!” he said. “Meitner?”
“Yes, Huxley?
“I’m going to need an appointment for a one-on-one with Restless Mind Labs.”
“Specify time.”
“You know my bloody schedule better than I do, Meitner, just pick a damn slot!”
“Your appointment with Dr. Chakrabarti of Restless Mind Labs will be at three o’clock this afternoon.”
“Thank you, Meitner,” Huxley said and unlocked the door.
While munching on his second chocolate croissant and sipping his large, plain, extra strong, no sugar no milk coffee, Huxley started working. He had a bunch of stuff to do, not only the five jobs that were due today as Meitner had so kindly reminded him earlier, but also a number of assignments that had to be completed in time for submission to their respective clients later that week. Many of these assignments were casual micro jobs that paid micro salaries, but they added up. Huxley did around fifty of them in any given week, with each of them taking anywhere between fifteen minutes and two hours to complete. This left him with an average monthly income that didn’t make him particularly wealthy but that allowed him to live more or less comfortably; at least more comfortably than most worker bees who held just one or two traditional jobs. Even more importantly, his line of work allowed Huxley to pick only jobs that suited him financially and that fit both his talents and his interests. He was good at compiling large sets of data as well as analyzing them, but he usually preferred data analysis over data compilation, because it paid better and required more brain work. Other jobs that Huxley quite enjoyed included copy editing and proof reading—he was very talented at spotting other people’s mistakes—and in this world of declining literacy, his language skills often proved to be a valuable asset. His one true passion, however, was science. Huxley had a great interest in all things science, from biology to cosmology to epistemology. Unfortunately, casual science jobs were coveted and relatively rare compared to corporate micro assignments, so he pounced on them whenever they presented themselves, and he would often pick them over other jobs that were more lucrative but intellectually less demanding. To Huxley, identifying genetic markers in sea slugs and scanning radio telescope data for deep space anomalies provided much greater satisfaction than analyzing customer behavior and sales patterns for soft drink companies and clothing manufacturers. It gave him a sense of purpose to advance the scientific knowledge of mankind, and he was convinced that science, not sales strategies, made the world a better place, one sea slug gene sequence and one newly discovered comet at a time. 
At three o’clock sharp, a knocking sound in his eep alerted Huxley to the fact that his appointment was waiting.
“Come in,” he said, and the holograph beamer that was mounted to the ceiling came flickering to life, projecting the 3D image of Dr. Chakrabarti into the middle of Huxley’s living room.
“Good afternoon, Huxley,” Dr. Chakrabarti said.
“Dr. Chakrabarti.” Huxley nodded. “You’re standing on my coffee table.”
“Oh,” Dr. Chakrabarti said, checking his position. “I’m sorry about that.” He stepped off the table and sat down in the armchair facing Huxley on his sofa. “Well, Huxley, I’ve been reviewing the material you’ve sent us this morning. It’s really very interesting, and I would like you to try and remember what exactly you were thinking about between leaving the coffee shop and entering your flat.”
To the best of his recollection, Huxley recounted the train of thought that had taken him from Paddington Station to his basement flat in Craven Terrace. When he reached the point where he’d been thinking about the LuCo kids and their visit to earth, Dr. Chakrabarti interrupted him.
“I’d like to jump in here, if I may,” he said. “Can you elaborate on how exactly you made the connection between the coffee shop girl and the visitors from LuCo?”
“Well,” Huxley said, “I don’t know. I mean … her behavior was so strange. It was almost as though it wasn’t only her first day on the job but her first day on the planet.”
“What made you think that?” Dr. Chakrabarti asked. “What was so strange about her behavior towards you?”
“I don’t know. She was so … friendly.”
Dr. Chakrabarti raised an eyebrow. “Is it unusual to be treated friendly as a customer?”
Huxley shook his head. “No, but this was different. Of course worker bees treat you friendly, but their friendliness is put on, what with their mechanical smiles and carefully memorized phrases. It’s not real. They just want to sell you things.”
“Do you always refer to low wage service personnel as ‘worker bees’?”
“Yeah.”
“Interesting,” Dr. Chakrabarti said and scribbled on his notepad. “So you think her friendliness was not put on and that her smile was genuine?”
“I guess.”
“It was out of this world, in a manner of speaking, and the only place out of this world where people could come from is the moon?”
“Something like that.”
“Interesting,” Dr. Chakrabarti said again and looked at Huxley. “Have you ever been in a relationship, Huxley?”
Slightly taken aback by the question, Huxley said, “A relationship?”
“Yes. You know, a romantic relationship. Butterflies in your stomach, holding hands, sexual acts, that sort of thing.”
“Uh … not really, I guess.”
“Not really, you guess?”
Huxley sighed. “Not really, as in: no, I have never been in a romantic relationship.”
“Why not?”
“I don’t know. It just never happened.”
“Have you never been in love? Have you never felt attracted to someone special?”
“I’ve had crushes all right, back in school, but …”
Huxley didn't like the direction this conversation was heading. Love, or the lack thereof in his life, was his weak spot, and he didn’t like to think—let alone talk—about it. Of course he’d had romantic feelings for girls in his life, but a relationship was not something he’d ever thought to be a real possibility; too underdeveloped were his social skills, too crippled his self-esteem. Throughout his time in school he had been the target of bullying and mockery; bullying because of his awkwardness and his lack of assertiveness, mockery because of his body that had always been tight-roping the border between chubby and obese. As an adolescent, Huxley had often wished he’d been born fifty or a hundred years earlier when obesity had been a mass phenomenon and when more than half of the population had been overweight. But ever since the Global Administration had started its war on fat and sugar, obesity had been on the decline and was now back at Edwardian era levels, which made Huxley stand out in a way he didn’t feel comfortable with.
“Huxley? Huxley!”
Dazed and confused, Huxley looked at Dr. Chakrabarti. “What?”
“You stopped talking mid-sentence. Are you going to finish what you were saying? You used to have crushes back in school, but …?”
“Look,” Huxley said, eager to drop the topic, “I’m just not very sociable, okay? I wouldn’t rule out a relationship, but I’m not actively looking for one, and I have my doubts as to whether it would be worth investing all that time and energy.”
“All right then,” Dr. Chakrabarti said, finishing his notes. “Just one final question: do you have breakfast at Java the Hut every day?”
Huxley shook his head. “Just once or twice a week.”
“I see.” Dr. Chakrabarti got up from his armchair and stuck his notepad under his arm. “That was very interesting, Huxley. If you experience anything similar in the next few days, please don’t hesitate to let me know, all right? Good bye now, Huxley.”
Huxley nodded, and the light from the holographic beamer faded away.
“Meitner?”
“Yes, Huxley?”
“Check my account for the latest payment from Restless Mind Labs.”
“Restless Mind Labs deposited five thousand five hundred Euros into your account at 3:39 p.m. today.”
“Well how about that,” Huxley said to himself. It wasn’t a huge amount but still the largest he ever got from a single client, and it would allow him to maybe take a few days off this month.
“Meitner, get me Higgs.”
Seconds later, Higgs’s voice came through Huxley’s eep. “You can’t live without me, can you, sensei?”
Huxley ignored the question and responded with one of his own. “You want to grab some coffee tomorrow morning? I’m buying.”

* * *

“Sensei,” Higgs said as they made their way up Praed Street, “all I’m saying is that every government is corrupt, and that the Global Administration is the corruptest of them all. It’s probably the worst thing that happened to mankind since we fell out of the trees, and that’s because of its lack of oversight. Just think about it. Back when we had hundreds of sovereign, independent nation states, there was oversight. They were overseeing each other. If one country went over the line, another country or a group of other countries, or the United Nations came together, passed a resolution and bombed the perpetrating country back in its place. Or at the very least they would impose economic sanctions or something. But this Global Administration, what if they cross the line? Who’s holding them accountable? Nobody, that’s who. Not the European government, not the American government, not Africa, not China, not anybody else. Because they all are the Global Administration. They’ve all given up on looking out for their own people in order to have a say in controlling people at the other end of the world. It’s insane!”
“Right,” Huxley said. Like most people, he didn't know much about politics, and like most people, he didn’t really care as long as he was able to put food on the table and otherwise being left alone. “But how else are you going to organize and control twelve billion people on a planet that’s on the brink of disaster?”
“Poor child,” Higgs said and sighed. “First of all, I don’t accept your premise that people need to be controlled. Second, how does nature organize an ecosystem?”
Huxley didn’t bother answering what he assumed to be a rhetorical question.
“Well?” Higgs pressed him.
“I don’t know,” Huxley finally said. “How does nature organize an ecosystem?”
“It doesn’t!” Higgs said triumphantly. “That’s the point. Because nature or the universe or whatever you want to call it is not a conscious entity with the desire to achieve a goal or the ability to think or plan ahead. Ecosystems organize themselves, and even though all ecosystems on Earth are interlinked and interdependent, the dung beetles in Africa don’t give a damn about how kangaroos live their lives in Australia.”
“Did you know that dung beetles use the Milky Way for orientation?” Huxley asked, trying to change the topic.
Higgs looked at him. “Do they now?”
“Yeah,” Huxley said. “When there’s no moon, they look at the Milky Way, and it helps them to roll their dung balls in a straight line. But when it’s overcast they get lost and move all over the place.”
“Well, I did not know that, sensei, but thanks for proving my point: dung beetles use science to organize their lives, and they leave them poor kangaroos alone. Smart creatures, those dung beetles. Smarter than humans anyway.”
 “I probably wouldn’t go that far,” Huxley said as they entered Java the Hut.
The coffee shop was reasonably crowded, but there were a few empty tables. Huxley headed straight for the pre-order counter.
“Sensei,” Higgs said, “that’s for pre-orders.”
“I know. I pre-ordered.”
“What? How did you even know what I want?”
“You want a large Double Vanilla Espressino. I’ve known your for a while, you know?”
“Bugger!” Higgs said. “But I also wanted to sit, not have a coffee to go.”
“We’re gonna sit. Why don’t you go and find us a nice table?”
Higgs squinted at Huxley, sensing that something was afoot. “Nah, I don’t trust you. I better keep an eye on you.”
“Suit yourself,” Huxley said an shrugged.
When they reached the counter, the girl Huxley had secretly been hoping to meet put on her brightest smile and said, “Hello there, Mr. Pendergast. Welcome back to Java the Hut. How are you doing today?”
Higgs looked at Huxley with his eyes wide open, pretending to be aghast. “Well look at you, Mr. Fancypants, receiving quite the celebrity treatment here, huh?”
“Shut up!” Huxley hissed, failing miserably at trying not to smile sheepishly.
“But sire,” Higgs teased him, “surely you would want to refrain from using foul language in the presence of such a fair and precious maiden, wouldn’t you?” He turned to the girl and bowed ever so slightly. “Enchanté, mademoiselle.”
The girl giggled, looked at Huxley whose face had turned the brightest shade of red, and asked, “Who’s your friend?”
Huxley opened his mouth, but before he could say anything, Higgs jumped in. “The name is Higgs. Higgs Martin, at your service.”
“Yeah, speaking of service …,” Huxley said, trying to remind everyone why they were here.
“Oh,” the girl said, ignoring him. “So you’re Hux and Higgs, Higgs and Hux! That’s cute!” She giggled again.
Higgs looked at his friend. “Isn’t she adorable?”
Still smiling brightly, the girl said, “I’ll get your order, gentlemen,” and scurried away.
“Will you stop embarrassing me!” Huxley hissed at his friend.
“Sensei,” Higgs said and put his hand on Huxley’s shoulder, “I’m not embarrassing you. You’re embarrassing yourself. Relax. Loosen up a bit. She’s totally into you.”
Huxley scowled. “Nonsense!”
“She is, though.”
“No!”
“Jesus Christ, sensei, how can anyone be so socially inept? You have no idea how to read people’s signals, do you?”
Huxley frowned. “What signals?”
“What signals,” Higgs said and rolled his eyes. “All of them, idiot! All the smiles and giggles. And the name! She knows your name. How does she know your name?”
“I told her when I picked up my breakfast yesterday.”
“Yesterday, huh?” Higgs said. “She’s probably had, what, five hundred customers since yesterday morning? You think she remembers five hundred names?”
“I don’t know.” Huxley shrugged. “Some people remember …”
“Nobody remembers five hundred names! So why does she remember yours, hm? You explain that to me, sensei.”
“I don’t know. Maybe because it’s an unusual name?”
“Everyone has an unusual name nowadays,” Higgs said.
“Higgs Martin is not that unusual.”
“Oh great, now you think you’re superior because you have a better name than I do?”
“What?” Huxley said. “No! I didn’t say my name is better than yours. It’s just more unusual and therefore easier to remember.”
“You’re making no sense at all, sensei.”
The girl returned and placed two large paper cups on the counter. “There you are, gentlemen. One large Double Vanilla Espressino, one large Double Caff Extra Latte. Enjoy.”
“Thank you, dear,” Higgs said as he took his cup off the counter. “What’s your name, sweet child?”
“Higgs!” Huxley hissed in embarrassment.
“I’m not talking to you,” Higgs chided him. “And your name is not Higgs.”
Huxley opened his mouth and, for a lack of words, closed it again.
The girl smiled at Higgs and said, “My name is Meitner.”
It took Higgs a few moments to process that information. “Is it really?” he finally said, baffled by this extraordinary revelation.
“I know, it’s a weird name,” Meitner said sheepishly. “I was named after Lise Meitner, the physicist.”
“Well how about that,” Higgs said to himself. Then he turned to Huxley, poked him with his elbow and repeated, “How about that, sensei? Now that’s a name to remember, don’t you think?”
Huxley didn’t say anything. He just stood there with an open mouth, failing to hold on to any of the thoughts that were running amok in his head.
“I think we better sit,” Higgs said. He took Huxley’s coffee off the counter, placed it in Huxley’s hand and pulled him away.
“Enjoy your beverages,” Meitner called after them as they walked towards the seating area.
Higgs sat his dumbfounded friend down at a table out of earshot but in plain sight of Meitner and took the chair next to him. For a minute or two they just sat there, silently sipping their coffees and watching Meitner as she served one customer after another. Finally Higgs nudged Huxley and said, “Sensei, that is the freakiest thing I’ve ever come across.”
“No kidding,” Huxley said, still staring at Meitner.
“So what are you going to do?”
Huxley frowned. “What do you mean, what am I going to do?”
“What do you mean, what do I mean? Sensei, that girl is totally into you. Have you even noticed the way she looks at you? The way she’s all smiley and bubbly with you?”
“I’m a customer,” Huxley said. “It’s her job to be nice to me.”
“Oh yeah? Look at her, sensei. Look at her right now and see how she treats ‘customers’. She’s nice and friendly all right. She’s smiling all right. But is she smiling at them the way she smiled at you? No. Is she joking around with them? No. Is she trying to make any connection on a personal level with them? No. Does she remember anybody else’s name? I bet she doesn’t. And to top it all off, she’s named after your favorite physicist. What are the odds of that happening? What else do you need to get excited about a woman, sensei?”
“Her name doesn’t say anything about her personality, though.”
“What’s wrong with her personality?” Higgs asked. “She’s a perfectly nice girl. What else do you want?”
“I’m not saying there’s anything wrong with her personality. It’s just …” Huxley sighed. “Look, why would a really sweet, really nice, really good looking girl be interested in a guy like me? I mean, look at me. I’m a fat, socially awkward slob with shaggy, greasy hair. Wouldn’t you think that any girl who’s into a guy like me would have to have something seriously wrong with her?”
Higgs rolled his eyes. “Sensei, you need to get off that self-loathing-self-pity cocktail. And no, I wouldn’t think that. There are all sorts of perverts out there. Surely somebody out there must be into fat, socially awkward slobs without being a psychopath.”
“Gee, thanks, Higgs.”
“What I’m saying is, you’re talking out of your arse, and you know what it sounds like?” Higgs made a farting noise. “That girl behind the counter there is not just a girl. It’s serendipity. And if a girl like her throws herself at you and you don’t go for it, you will never ever get laid in your entire life. Is that what you want?”
Huxley shrugged.
“No, it’s not!” Higgs said, slapping the back of Huxley’s head. “Listen, sensei, I’m not going to let you throw your life away like that. If you’re not walking over to that counter right now and ask Meitner out on a date, I’ll do it.”
“That’s not going to happen,” Huxley said in a low voice. He finished his coffee and got up from his chair. “Excuse me.”
Disheartened, Higgs watched Huxley making his way to the toilets.
When Huxley returned a few minutes later, he found Higgs gone and an elderly couple sitting at their table. He looked around and finally spotted his friend standing by the pre-order counter talking with Meitner. She was all smiley and bubbly again, confirming Huxley’s conviction that her friendliness had nothing to do with him. She probably treated dozens of guys like that every day, and it didn’t mean a thing.
Before Huxley reached the counter, Higgs intercepted him, grabbed his arm and led him towards the exit. Behind him, he heard Meitner call across the room, “Looking forward to tomorrow!”
“Guess what, sensei,” Higgs said and grinned. “It’s a date!”
Huxley felt a sting in his heart. As if his inability to ask Meitner out wasn’t enough to deal with, his best friend had pounced on her like a vulture. “Wow,” he said sulkily. “You didn't waste any time, did you?”
“You bet I didn’t, sensei. I’m a man of action.”
“So where are you going to take her?”
Higgs stopped, looked at Huxley and laughed. “Oh Huxley!”
“What?”
“I’m not taking her anywhere at all, sensei. You are. Dinner, tomorrow at six at the Taormina. Guess what, she loves Italian just as much as you do. What are the odds, huh?”
Huxley was aghast. “You set me up on a date?!”
“Fearsome, no?”
“I bloody hate you, Higgs.”
“You’re welcome, sensei,” Higgs said and pushed him out into the January heat.

* * *

Huxley opened the door to his flat and switched on the lights. Behind him, Meitner stepped inside and looked around.
“Nice,” she said.
“Oh please,” Huxley replied and waved his hand dismissively. “You don’t have to compliment my flat. I know it’s a cave.”
“It’s really not that bad, though.”
Huxley smiled politely. He knew his place was a better rat hole, but he was glad that Meitner pretended to like it. He had made an effort to make it look presentable. Instead of working on his assignments as a crowdworking contractor, he had spent all day tidying up his flat. He had taken out the trash, washed a week’s worth of dishes, put his dirty laundry out of sight and done all the household chores that he usually didn't regard as a priority because he preferred working hard to pay the rent for a messy, untidy flat over living in a neat and tidy one that he couldn’t afford. All the while, he had been asking himself why he even bothered, because by no means had he expected to take Meitner home after dinner or even planned on asking her. But even though it had been but the remotest of possibilities in the back of his mind, for some reason Huxley had thought it wise not to take any chances.
“Please,” he said and led Meitner over to the sofa. “Have a seat. Can I get you anything? Coffee perhaps? Would you like some coffee?”
“Um …,” Meitner said reluctantly. “No, thanks. I try not to drink coffee so late in the evening. It gives me heartburn.”
“Right,” Huxley said. “Anything else?”
“You don’t happen to have wine, do you? I think I could do with another glass.”
Huxley smiled. He was a beer drinker, but in what seemed like another strange coincidence now, Higgs had given him a bottle of red wine for Christmas that had since been eking out a miserable existence on top of his refrigerator in the kitchen. He and Meitner had already shared a bottle at the Taormina. It had relaxed him and made him rather giggly, and he wasn’t sure if he should have any more alcohol tonight. Then again, alcohol was liquid courage, and he could definitely use some more of that, because the sight of a beautiful girl sitting on his sofa made him a lot more nervous than he cared to admit.
“As it so happens,” he said, “I do have a really nice bottle of red wine. Be right back.”
“Great.”
On his way to the kitchen he stopped and asked, “Would you like some music?”
“Sure,” Meitner said and smiled. “Why not?”
“Meitner, put on some music!”
Taken aback by the unexpected command and inhospitable tone, Meitner stammered, “Oh … but … I don’t know where …”
The other Meitner, the virtual Meitner, talked over her. “Specify type of music,”
“Oh,” the real Meitner said.
“I don’t know,” Huxley said. “Play something romantic. Some piano music. Not too loud.”
Without further reply, Meitner played Chopin’s Nocturne in B major. 
In the kitchen, Huxley took two glasses from the cupboard. He didn’t have proper wine glasses because he had never needed any, so regular glasses would have to do. Then he grabbed the bottle of wine and realized that he didn’t have a corkscrew either. In a bout of panic he rummaged through the tool drawer in the cabinet until he found a screw, a screwdriver, and a pair of pliers. For a moment Huxley pondered whether he should open the bottle in the kitchen or take his toolkit back to the living room. Would his ability to open a bottle of wine without a corkscrew outshine the blemish of not having one? There was only one way to find out.
“I haven’t got a corkscrew, I’m afraid,” he said as he returned to Meitner and put the glasses and bottle on the coffee table in front of her.
“Oh,” Meitner said. “So how are we gonna open the bottle then?”
Huxley smiled and started screwing the screw into the bottle with the screwdriver. Then he took the pliers, placed them around the screw and pulled the cork out with a plop.
Meitner laughed. “That’s brilliant!”
“It’s rather simple, really,” Huxley said bashfully and started pouring the wine.
“I know. I mean, it’s totally obvious when you see it, but it’s the kind of thing that’s so simple that I never would have thought of it.”
“Really?” He handed her one of the glasses. “So how would you open a bottle of wine without a screwdriver then?”
“I have no idea!” Meitner laughed. “I’d be totally lost. I’d probably take a knife and pick and poke and hack at the cork until it’s gone and half of it is swimming in the bottle in little bits and pieces.”
“Good thing you have a handyman like me,” Huxley said, wondering where his swagger had come from all of a sudden.
“I drink to that,” Meitner said and chinked her glass against his. They both took a sip. “Oh my! That is some wine!”
“It is, isn’t it?” Huxley replied, rather surprised at the full-bodied, extraordinarily quaffable taste.
“Let me see that,” Meitner said and reached for the bottle. She read the label and gasped.
“What’s wrong?” Huxley asked.
She looked at him with her eyes wide open. “Do you even know what you’re serving me here, Huxley?”
He shrugged with a sheepish look on his face.
“This is a 2079 California Grenache!”
Huxley remained sheepish. “Forgive me my ignorance, but I have no idea what that means. Is that good?”
“What it is,” Meitner said, “is extremely rare. 2079 was the year of the burst, remember?”
Huxley didn’t exactly remember the big gamma ray burst of 2079, mostly because it had occurred twelve years before he was born, but he was of course familiar with the effects the event had had on the planet: the droughts, the crop failures, the hundreds of millions of deaths.
“The radiation,” Meitner continued, “had a curious effect on Californian grapes: it killed off about half of them, and most of those that didn’t die were left to rot on the vines because there weren’t enough workers to pick them. The burst had killed so many people, and for those who survived, producing fine wines wasn’t exactly a priority. They were preoccupied with producing more basic food stuffs. So only a tiny amount of the grapes that survived the burst were made into wine, but they turned out to be some of the best wines ever made.”
“No kidding,” Huxley said and took another sip.
“How did you even get this wine?” Meitner asked. 
“Higgs gave it to me for Christmas. It’s … his nan died last year. He found it in the cellar when they cleared out her house.”
“Wow,” Meitner said. “I’m feeling really bad now. This wine must be worth a fortune, or at least it must have been until we opened it.”
“Meitner,” Huxley said, “how much is a bottle of 2079 California Grenache worth?”
She looked at him and pointed over her shoulder. “You’re talking to the other …”
“Yes.”
“Right, okay.”
After a brief moment of research, the virtual Meitner replied, “A bottle of 2079 California Grenache sells at around two hundred thousand Euros.”
“Oh my God!” Meitner shrieked and put her glass on the table as if it contained poison.
Huxley laughed. “That’s only about as much as I make in a year.”
“I’m so sorry, Huxley,” Meitner said, looking miserable. “You wouldn’t have opened the bottle if it weren’t for me. This is all my fault. I should have gone for the coffee. I’m so sorry!”
Huxley shook his head. “Don’t worry about it. I would have opened and emptied that bottle on some lonely Saturday night and I would have been none the wiser, so what’s the difference? Now I’m sitting here, drinking it with you, and it’s totally worth it.”
Now it was Meitner’s turn to look sheepish. “Really?” she asked.
“Really.”
“That’s really sweet of you to say. But even so, I still feel quite miserable about it.”
Huxley looked into her eyes. “Please don’t.” He took Meitner’s glass off the table and placed it back in her hand. Then he put his arm around her shoulder and very gently pulled her towards him. She didn't resist and leaned her head against his neck. “How do you know so much about wine anyway?” he asked.
Meitner giggled. “I don’t, really. Honestly, I know nothing about wine at all, except that 2079 California wines are extremely rare. My mother told me. She told me all about the burst and what it did. She’s American, you know?”
“Oh, is she?”
“Yeah. She was nine years old at the time of the burst. Both my grandfather and my uncle were out in the garden when it hit. They were dead within a few hours. The family lived on the East Coast at the time, near Boston. That’s probably what saved my mother’s life. It was already late at night and she was inside, sleeping. If they had lived further west where it was still early evening, she probably would have been playing outside and gotten killed just like my grandfather and uncle.”
Huxley didn’t know what to say, so he simply tightened his grip around Meitner’s shoulders.
“Anyway,” she continued, “my mother and my grandmother were both inside when it happened, so they survived. But the world around them was a mess. America was falling apart in the following weeks and months, so my grandmother decided it would be best if they moved to Europe. And that’s what they did. Grandma Abby got a job as a lecturer at UCL and taught there until she died five years ago. Cancer. She’d survived the burst because she’d been inside, but she was exposed to some radiation nonetheless. Her doctors thought that this was probably what caused her disease, because we didn’t have a history of cancer in our family.”
“Oh dear.”
“Yeah. So anyway, my mom got married, got a degree, got me, got divorced, and now she’s living in Paris.”
“Paris?” Huxley asked. “Why Paris?”
“She’s with the European Space Agency. They have their headquarters there.”
“Your mom is with the Esa? That is bloody awesome!”
“You think?”
“Of course! I love space stuff. Planets, stars, galaxies, black holes …”
“Yeah, I can tell,” Meitner said, nodding at Huxley’s 3D poster of the Milky Way on the opposite wall. “Anyway, like many children of her generation—children who survived the burst—my mom took an interest in science, especially space science. Her goal has always been—and it still is, I suppose—to ensure mankind’s survival in case of another catastrophic event like the burst.”
“That is a very important goal,” Huxley said, “and it’s a disgrace that government funding for these kinds of projects is so shamefully little.”
“Is it?” Meitner asked.
“Oh yes. Nasa, the Esa, the Cnsa, all the big space agencies employ tens of thousands of crowdworkers all over the world because it’s cheap labor and the only way to process and analyze the huge amounts of data that’s coming in from all their satellites and space probes and everything.”
“How do you know?”
“I work for all of them.”
“You’re a crowdworker?”
“Yeah.”
“Interesting,” Meitner said. “I should introduce you to my mom.”
Huxley laughed. “Perhaps you should. So is your mom in prevention or in contingency planning?”
“Honestly, I have no idea.”
“Oh, okay. You’re not very close with her, are you?”
“Oh no, I am” Meitner said. “I talk with her at least once or twice a week, and I visit her whenever I can. I’m just not awfully familiar with her daily work, that’s all.”
“I see. So what about your dad then?”
“Dad is a biotech engineer. Trying to turn algae into super-nutritious food; for humans, I mean.”
“Oh, so he’s basically inventing Soylent Green, huh?”
Meitner frowned. “Inventing what?”
“Old movie reference. Never mind. So does he live in London?”
“Yeah. We live in Finchley.”
“Right,” Huxley said. “See, I didn’t know any of that.”
“Really?”
“How was I supposed to know? I’ve only known you for …” He looked at his watch. “… thirty-nine hours and twenty-two minutes.”
“Well,” Meitner said, “I know a lot of people who would have used that time to pull a detailed dossier off the Internet if they were going on a visually impaired date.”
With a bemused look Huxley asked, “A what?”
“Well, it wasn’t technically a blind date your friend set us up on, because we’d met before and we knew who we were going to meet, but it was at least kind of visually impaired, wouldn’t you say?”
“Right,” Huxley said, chuckling. “I think the correct expression is ‘legally blind.’”
“That’s right!” Meitner laughed. “It was a legally blind date!”
“Anyway, the thought never even crossed my mind. I mean, to stalk you online before our date.”
“And that’s when she pulled a knife and stabbed him because she was a serial killer!” Meitner said in her best attempt at a dramatic, scary voice and poked Huxley’s ribs with her finger.
Huxley, who wasn’t ticklish at all, pretended to be very ticklish and flinched because it seemed a polite thing to do. “You don’t look like a serial killer, though,” he said.
“Oh yeah?” Meitner poked him again. “What does a serial killer look like then?”
“I wouldn’t know. I’ve never met one.”
“Until now,” Meitner said and poked him yet again. This time Huxley flinched so hard that he spilled wine over his shirt.
“Oh my God!” Meitner exclaimed and covered her mouth with her hand. Then she burst out laughing.
Huxley put his glass on the table and gave Meitner a stern look. In mock anger he said, “You just made me spill two-hundred-thousand-Euro wine over my favorite shirt!”
Meitner snorted with laughter. “I’m so sorry. But hey, you do the scary voice so much better than I do, I’ll give you that, Mr. Pendergast.”
Encouraged by her praise, Huxley tried to make his voice sound even scarier. “I must punish you,” he said and poked her with two fingers, one on either side of her slender body. Meitner, who unlike Huxley was very ticklish, jerked so hard that she, too, spilled her wine. Most of it landed on her blouse. This time they both burst out laughing.
“Look at us,” Meitner said as she put her now almost empty glass on the table. “Horsing around and making a mess like school children.”
“Take off your blouse,” Huxley said.
“What?!” Meitner said, her eyes wide open. “You are not wasting any time, are you, mister?”
“Oh, no, no!” Huxley said when he realized how his suggestion must have sounded. “That’s not what I meant. At all. I was just thinking we should rinse it and put it on the radiator to dry. You can’t sit around in a wet blouse like that. You might catch a cold.”
“You’re probably right,” Meitner said and tried to undo the top of her blouse, but without the help of a mirror she was struggling to get a hold of the rather small and very tightly sewn button. “God damn it!”
“Should I …?” Huxley offered reluctantly.
“Go on then,” Meitner said and raised her chin, allowing him access to her neck.
Very carefully, Huxley started unbuttoning Meitner’s blouse. This was not how he had imagined the evening would go. He didn’t want her to think he had only taken her home so he could provoke a wine accident and get her to undress; although it would have been quite a good plan, now that he thought about it. But the evening had gone so well. They’d had a wonderful time together at the Taormina, and Huxley was pleasantly surprised at how affectionate Meitner had been throughout. It was almost as though she genuinely liked him. To be genuinely liked by a girl was an unfamiliar and rather thrilling experience, and Huxley didn’t want to do anything stupid to jeopardize his incredible luck. Driven by desire yet at the same time inhibited by the fear of rejection, Huxley painstakingly concentrated on undoing the buttons of Meitner’s blouse without touching her skin. He was trying not to think about what might lie beneath that wine-soaked blouse, but at the same time he couldn’t wait to find out. By the time he was working on the third button, he noticed how Meitner had lowered her head again. Her face was so close to his own now that he could feel the warm stream of air emanating from her nostrils as she was breathing slowly but heavily. As he kept concentrating on Meitner’s buttons, he noticed from the corner of his eye that her face seemed to get ever so much closer. Her lips were almost touching his cheek now. Slowly, but with a racing heart, Huxley raised his head and looked into Meitner’s eyes. The sternness of her look confused him. He wasn’t sure if she was angry because he kept unbuttoning her blouse or if she was waiting for him to do something more. Her face, as though in slow motion, was still getting closer. Did he imagine this? Was Meitner sending a signal that he could not comprehend? He had seen scenes like this in movies before in which the characters ended up kissing passionately, but how could he be sure that such scenes were an accurate depiction of actual human mating rites? They were movies after all, and movies were fiction unless they were documentaries. He had never seen any documentaries featuring slow motion buildups to first kisses. He had never witnessed slow motion buildups to kisses in real life either. In fact, he had never even kissed anyone before, so how was he supposed to know how these things worked? He should probably call Higgs and ask him for advice.
Suddenly Huxley realized how he opened his mouth, much against his own will, and he was half expecting himself to utter something incredibly stupid that would anger Meitner and ruin the magic of the moment. But fortunately he didn’t have the time to say anything, because the moment he parted his lips, Meitner made the final move forward. She sealed his lips with her own and stuck her tongue in his mouth. In an instance, Huxley’s thoughts were washed away in a sea of unbounded passion and desire. The warm wetness of Meitner’s tongue sent shockwaves of excitement through his body. Rendered unable to control his conscious mind, Huxley gave in to his instincts. It was as though someone had unlocked some age-old secret knowledge in his cerebellum; knowledge that he had never been able to access before. All of a sudden he knew. Deep down inside he knew what was happening; he knew what he was supposed to do, what he wanted to do. Fervently, almost violently, he tore open the remaining buttons of Meitner’s blouse. Any inkling of guilt was swept away by her approving, sensual moan and the undeniable, pragmatic fact that the wine-stained blouse was ruined anyway. 
After Meitner had thrown away her blouse, she put her hands behind her back and unfastened her bra. Then she ripped Huxley’s shirt open with the same kind of passionate force. All the while, Huxley was pleasantly surprised at how much he loved this game, how much he enjoyed the complete annihilation of convention, the unbridled acting out of the most primal urges he had never even known he possessed. As they continued kissing, he put one hand into the soft, silky hair at the back of Meitner’s head while with the other he gently squeezed her breasts. His excitement rose to unknown heights when Meitner unbuttoned his trousers and eagerly pulled down the zipper. Huxley expected her to reach into his underpants next, but her hands wandered away to unbutton and unzip her own jeans. Then she grabbed Huxley’s hand, took it away from her breasts and led it down to her pubic area where he felt the lush patch of hair that he had secretly been dreaming of. He started combing it gently with his fingers.
That’s when his alarm bells went off.
Technically, they weren’t alarm bells. It was a klaxon, and it filled Huxley’s flat with a deafening howl, accompanied by flashes of red light.
Startled, Meitner looked at Huxley and shouted over the noise, “What the hell is that?”
“Oh my God!” Huxley said.
“What?”
“I’m sorry!”
“What?!”
“I’m sorry,” Huxley repeated and stood up. “I have to take this. I’m sorry!”
Pulling his zipper back up, he ran over to his workstation where he sat down and started punching keys on his keyboard. Meitner followed him, covering her bare breasts with her arms.
“What the hell is going on, Huxley?” she shouted.
Without diverting his attention from the computer screen, Huxley shouted back, “I don’t know! It’s one of my programs. One of my jobs. Well, not a job, technically. One of my side projects …”
Covering her ears with her hands and her breasts with her elbows, Meitner asked, “Can’t you turn off that noise?”
“Right!” Huxley said, and his hand slammed down on the big red button next to his keyboard. The klaxon went silent and the light stopped flashing. “Sorry ‘bout that.”
“So what’s going on?” Meitner asked, lowering her hands and crossing her arms. “Are we in some kind of danger? Because that’s what it sounded like.” She looked around for signs of smoke or fire; a broken water main; a burglar; anything that would warrant an alarm like that.
“Yes. No! Maybe. I don’t know! It’s …” Huxley kept staring at the screen and punching keys on the keyboard. “It’s … Okay, look: all the big space agencies, Nasa, Esa, Cnsa, they all have hundreds of satellites and telescopes and radio telescopes and shit, right?”
“Right.”
“Right. What they don’t have is either the man power or the computing power to sift through the vast amounts of data all these satellites and radio telescopes collect each and every day, right? So they outsource some of that work—most of it, actually—to people like me, right?”
“Yeah,” Meitner said. “What we talked about earlier: you’re a crowdworker.”
“Well, sort of. The reason they do that is because it’s an easy way for them to get their work done and save a lot of money, because they’re not only outsourcing their work but also their social responsibility, because if they employ me as a crowdworker, they don’t have to pay anything towards my healthcare plan, my pension plan and all that. Well, I’m not having any of that, because I need to make a living. So what I did was I signed up with them as a crowdworker so I could get access to their system. Once I was in, I created a backdoor, canceled my contract with them, and I’ve been accessing and analyzing their data ever since. I’ve been doing it for a year. During that time I’ve discovered three asteroids, a comet, and two exoplanets. If I had done it under crowdworking conditions, I would have made the equivalent of a dinner at Barnaby’s, drinks not included. Under my conditions I made two month’s worth of rent. Plus, naming rights. I get to name any celestial bodies I discover.”
“So you basically steal their data and then sell it back to them?”
“I guess you could put it that way.”
“I see,” Meitner said. “That’s not entirely legal, though, is it?”
“It’s entirely illegal, if you must know. But then again, so is ripping off crowdworkers, but they’re the government, so they get away with it.”
Meitner started at the computer screen, trying to make sense of what she saw. “So every time you discover a comet this huge alarm goes off?”
“Um, no, not exactly,” Huxley said. “The alarm only goes off if I discover something truly extraordinary.”
“Oh. So what have you discovered?”
Huxley punched more keys until a schematic map of the solar system appeared on the screen. “An asteroid,” he said. “Well, actually I’ve already discovered the asteroid itself back in November. But I’ve spent the last six or seven weeks calculating its trajectory for the next couple of years and decades.”
“Calculations take that long?”
“Calculating its trajectory for a few months or one or two years is really simple and doesn’t take a lot of time. However, the larger the timescale, the more complex those calculations become, because you have to include the trajectories of more and more objects; planets, moons, other asteroids et cetera, because they all influence your object with their gravity. You’d have to have a supercomputer to predict an asteroid’s trajectory over decades.”
“You don’t have a supercomputer, though, do you?”
“No,” Huxley said, “but I have access to the space agencies’ crowdworking pool.”
Meitner raised her eyebrows. “So you’re exploiting other crowdworkers?”
“Well, I’m routing my access to their machines through the crowdworking platform, so they’re getting paid for their computing time just like they would if it was an official job—just not for making discoveries like this.”
“Naughty,” Meitner said.
“Trust me, one day somebody is going to be very grateful that I did this, because this discovery is big—and I do mean big.”
Meitner laughed. “We’re not going to get hit by your asteroid, are we?”
Huxley just stared at her with a blank look on his face.
“Oh,” she said.
“You better write this down: April 24, 2137.”
“This thing is going to hit us?”
“Yes. Well, with a certainty of ...” He looked at the screen. “... 98.73 percent.”
“Holy shit,” was all Meitner could say.
“I know.”
“So how big is it?”
“It’s big,” Huxley said.
“How big?”
“About ten miles in diameter.”
“Oh,” Meitner said, slightly relieved. “That doesn’t sound that big, to be honest.”
“It’s about fifty percent bigger than the asteroid that made the dinosaurs go extinct.”
For a moment, Meitner stared at Huxley, processing that information. Then she said, “You’ve got to be kidding!”
“I swear, I am so totally not kidding.”
“Bloody hell,” Meitner said, turned around and walked back to the couch.
“Where are you going?” Huxley asked.
“I know it’s a weird thing to say on a first date, but I think you should meet my mom.” She picked up her purse from the floor and pulled out her phone. Then she paused, turned back towards Huxley and said, “Wait a minute! Are you sure you haven’t stalked me online and that this whole date wasn’t just a setup to get me to introduce you to my mother?”
“Well …,” Huxley said and grinned.
“Excuse me?!”
Huxley raised his hands, put on a straight face and said, “Honestly, I didn’t. Until tonight I had no idea who your mother was, or that this asteroid was heading our way. I swear to God!”
Meitner sighed. “That better be the truth, mister!”
“Absolutely.”
She dialed and put her phone to her ear. After a few moments she said, “Mom? It’s me. I’m coming to Paris. I want you to meet my boyfriend. It’s an emergency ... No, mother, I’m not pregnant. It’s a different kind of emergency.”
Huxley hid behind the computer screen so Meitner wouldn’t see the bright grin on his face. Well played, Huxley, he thought. Well played.

Thank you for reading The Eschaton Tales: Vol.1. If you liked this book, a quick review over at your point of purchase would be greatly appreciated. It will help other readers decide whether this book is right for them. 

Catch up with Lily Conway, Huxley Pendergast, and Meitner Conway-Townsend as the bumpy ride into humanity’s uncertain future continues in The Eschaton Tales: Vol.2 and The Eschaton Tales: Vol.3.

The galaxy needs you! Join Kieran’s army of galactic minions and be the first to find out about new releases: http://eepurl.com/4GSMD It’s a private list. Your email is safe and will never be shared.

About the Author
When Kieran Marcus was little, he thought there was only one number that came between six and nine, and it was called ‘ignition sequence starts’. The Apollo missions took men to the moon and back, but encouraged by their extraordinary achievement, Kieran’s imagination traveled on beyond the solar system, across the universe. On his journeys through time and space he witnessed the birth and death of stars and galaxies, the rise and fall of proud civilizations that ruled over distant planets. He encountered strange creatures very different from ourselves and yet in many respects eerily similar. Kieran periodically returns home to Earth to recruit new minions. Because the galaxy needs us. 

Follow the author on Twitter @KieranMarcus

Kieran Marcus also writes Young Adult fiction under the name Marcus Herzig.

Idolism by Marcus Herzig
A new Pope, a world in social and political chaos, and a 17-year-old singer and songwriter who has his unbelief tested as his big mouth accidentally propels him towards global superstardom. These are the ingredients of this delightful, quirky romp for the young adult religious skeptic, taking a tongue-in-cheek look at the differences and similarities between religion and stardom. Available as ebook and paperback.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, incidents, and trademarks are either the product of the author’s imagination or used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is entirely coincidental. The use of any trademarks within this publication was not authorized by, nor is this publication sponsored by or associated with, the respective trademark owners.

The Eschaton Tales: Vol.1
Copyright © 2014 by Kieran Marcus

All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other non-commercial uses permitted by copyright law. 

http://boysterous.us/

The author and publisher have provided this e-book to you without Digital Rights Management software (DRM) applied so that you can enjoy reading it on your personal devices. This e-book is for your personal use only. You may not print or post this e-book, or make this e-book publicly available in any way. You may not copy, reproduce, or upload this e-book, other than to read it on one of your personal devices. 

Also available from Kieran Marcus:
The Eschaton Tales: Vol.2
The Eschaton Tales: Vol.3
Eschaton – Season One

