CHAPTER 1

Captain Nick Finn raised an eyebrow at the Ileth pirate lounging in the captain's chair. "You want me to do what?"

"Help me win a poker game," Viktis said, lowering his voice and glancing around the Athena's command center.

Finn pushed himself off the railing and shook his head. "Why the hell would I do that?" They'd been on the run two weeks. Somehow, in Viktis's head, that made the two men friends. He was sorely mistaken. "We don't have time for games. MYTH's after us. We have to keep moving."

"We're going to be on Forever Station for at least two days, Cap. That's more than enough time for you to win the tournament. Take a look." Viktis passed over his tablet.

The red, flashing font demanded Finn's attention as he scanned the garish advertisement. "The Point Blue Casino Charity Poker Tournament," he read aloud. "Five hundred thousand credit payout. Win a prototype Long-Range Ultra-explorer. Drink your weight in champagne with the most beautiful waitresses on the station."

Finn shoved the tablet back at Viktis. If the pirate thought Finn was going to help him rig a poker game, he clearly needed professional medical attention. "Oh, hell no. This is not going to happen while I'm in charge."

Viktis tucked the tablet into the inside pocket of his coat. He then got to his feet, coming to stand beside Finn at the CIC railing. His long, leather jacket, similar to the one Renna favored, flared out behind him as he walked. Maybe it was some kind of thief uniform he wasn't aware of. Things had changed a bit since he'd been in the business.

"Listen, Cap. I know you want me off your ship and out of your life. I know you want to live happily ever after with our girl, Renna. I know you hate my Ileth guts. But did you know that the fastest way to get me out of your hair is to help me get my own ship?" Viktis grinned, rubbing his hands together. "That beauty is calling my name. She's meant for me-I can feel it in my bones."

"You sure that's not just the STDs spreading?" Finn leaned back against the railing and crossed his arms. "Why not steal it? You're a pirate."

Viktis scoffed. "Did you catch that this tournament is for charity? I'm not going to steal something that could help a bunch of kids."

"Well isn't that sweet? Maybe you do have a heart after all. But I'm still not helping you."

Viktis glanced at him from the corner of his amber eyes. "Poor little orphans don't move you? You're a hard man, Captain. Think about this for a minute. That mob family back on Hesperia? The ones who kept Myka in that crate for weeks?"

"The Cordozas." How could he forget? The kid had been filthy, nothing but skin and bones when Renna had rescued him. The mob had moved him between five cities in four weeks. He didn't know how Myka had survived.

"Kitty Cordoza, the head of the family, will be on the station for the tournament. And to sell some recently acquired tech to the highest bidder."

"And exactly why should I care?" Finn had heard more than a few stories about the dangerous Cordoza family, including chilling tales about the woman who'd taken over for her husband after he'd been assassinated. Rumors had circulated for years, suggesting she was behind it, but no one could prove it. Her ruthless nature had earned her a host of nicknames - mostly so people didn't have to use her name in public. Whatever the truth, she'd made the Cordozas one of the most powerful mob families in the sector.

Finn had no intention of tangling with the Black Widow, especially not with MYTH breathing down their necks.

Viktis arched an eyebrow ridge, tsking. "Why, Captain. I thought your halo was shinier than that. This is the perfect opportunity to take down the whole Cordoza organization. You'd be a f**king hero. Renna wouldn't be able to keep her hands off you."

Finn started to shake his head, but Viktis threw up a hand. "Very well, if that's not enough to convince you, I'll agree to split the pot with you - fifty/fifty. I get the ship, you get the credits. It'll be a good start for keeping up with Renna. We both know she's an expensive girl to love."

Finn glared and leaned toward the pirate. "How many times do I need to say this? I am not helping you cheat at poker. We need to keep a low profile. Besides, what makes you think you're going to be the one to take Kitty down? She's got a dozen dirty lawyers ready at a moment's notice if any law enforcement agency so much as sniffs the air around her. And half a dozen senators who'd spring her if it ever got that far."

"Ah, that would be telling, wouldn't it?" Viktis shrugged. "I'm going to do this, with or without your help. I just thought you'd want to iron another badge on your MYTH uniform as the person who helped rid the galaxy of the evil Cordozas. It's kind of your thing."

"Yeah, but cheating isn't."

"It's more like a set-up, Cap. The only person getting hurt is Kitty. The kids still get their money, I still get my ship, and you get your credits to build a love nest with Renna. Everyone wins. Not to mention it'll be fun. Or have you forgotten what that is? You'd better hope Renna's gotten a lot less adventurous since I knew her. You're going to bore the girl to tears." Viktis shook his head and stalked away.

Finn clenched his hands around the cool metal railing until his knuckles turned white. Godsdammit! He wished the slim, metal pipe was the alien's f**king neck. Viktis would be lucky to get off this ship in one piece-unless Finn decided to blast him out of the airlock.

"Everything all right, sir?" Lieutenant Keva asked from her station, tilting her head in concern.

Finn carefully wound his flaring temper into a tight coil, schooling his features into a mask of impassivity. His XO saw right through his Zen bullshit most of the time, but it didn't hurt to try to keep himself in check. He was the captain of this ship, after all. He had an example to set. Even if the shithead alien threatened to launch Finn's hair-trigger temper every time he opened his mouth.

"That damned pirate better be blessing the stars that Renna made me promise to behave. Otherwise, I'd be happily teaching him religion, by offering him up to one of the gods," he added ominously.

The Delfine's grin made a dimple flash in her cheek. "He's...interesting. I found him waiting for me outside the showers this morning. Asked if I needed some help washing my back."

Finn gritted his teeth until his jaw ached before he spoke again. "Anyone who bothers my crew isn't welcome on this ship, friend of Renna's or not."

"It's fine, Captain. I can take care of myself. Viktis won't be hanging outside the showers ever again." She smiled sweetly and Finn shook his head.

"I should have known you'd put him in his place." If only Finn could do the same. But that man got under his skin in ways he didn't think possible. Finn had been through basic training with the nastiest officer in MYTH. He'd been a part of Blur's gang of miscreants. He'd even killed some of the most dangerous criminals in the galaxy, but none of those men had gotten to him like Viktis.

None of those other men had slept with Renna, either.

Finn shoved away the thought of the two of them together. It was a different point in both their lives. Renna had thought Finn was dead. Finn thought Renna was a slaver. There were so many reasons why it shouldn't matter. But every time he saw the Ileth, he couldn't help but picture the man's long fingers against Renna's sun-kissed skin.

It made him crazy.

He knew Renna had carved out her own life without him. He should be able to get past this.

The fact that Finn hadn't been able to let go of his animosity toward the roguish alien was shoved aside. He didn't even want to consider the feelings and emotions tied to his behavior.

The snick of the intercom came a second before Lieutenant Kojima's voice sounded in the CIC. "Captain, we've docked at the station."

Finn sighed and straightened. "Thank you, Flight Lieutenant." He turned on his own intercom. "We've docked at Forever Station to refuel and restock. I grant you all a forty-eight hour shore leave. Do whatever you'd like, but keep your comms on at all times. We need to be able to leave instantly if we're discovered. Dismissed."

Almost immediately, the ship filled with the sound of the crew scrambling for their gear. Forever Station was one of the biggest entertainment hubs in the Costa system. Every weird fetish, exotic food, or black market item was available there. And if it wasn't, you weren't looking hard enough.

Finn had spent entirely too much time there when he was younger, after his parents had been killed. He wasn't exactly looking forward to going back.

"Sir, do you want me to stick around? Help you with the pirate? Or the Aldanis?" Keva glanced back toward the corridor where Viktis had disappeared.

"No, go on." Finn forced a smile to his lips and nodded encouragingly. He'd been a monster these last few days, and Keva had borne the brunt of it. "You deserve shore leave more than anyone here. I'll let you know if I need your help."

He'd lucked out when Dallas had assigned her as his XO; she'd been the perfect person to help him run this ship. Now he'd forced her to go on the run from MYTH and become a traitor. Guilt surged through him, turning his stomach like he'd eaten a bad eel from Vesper Nine.

Keva nodded, oblivious to his discomfort. "Very good, sir. Comm me if you need anything." She saluted as she left the bridge, leaving Finn alone with the quiet ship and his not so quiet thoughts.

Finn adjusted the plain, brown trousers and dark shirt one more time, frowning as the strange material moved against his legs. Everything felt so loose, so sloppy. Being out of uniform made him twitchy, but they needed to blend in while they were on the station. Didn't stop every fiber of his body from wanting to rebel. He'd worked hard to earn that uniform. Taking it off felt almost like a betrayal. Then again, he'd been doing plenty of that lately. Might as well get used to it. If Renna failed, he'd be on the run for the rest of his life.

Finn squeezed his eyes closed, then exhaled and straightened his spine. Enough. He'd chosen this path. He trusted Renna. They'd all get through this. And right now, priority number one was making sure that Dr. Aldani and his nephew were safe.

He shifted the holster at his waist as he glanced down the stark, white corridor that led from the docking bay. He still had that sixth sense he'd developed for trouble back in the gang, and it had come in handy more than a few times while at MYTH. Hopefully it wouldn't steer him wrong now. And after a quick sweep of the space, he turned and gestured to David Aldani and the little boy standing beside him. "Let's get moving. The safe house is in the Merrin district, not too far from here."

The doctor nodded and stepped from the elevator. Myka, his ten-year-old nephew followed, dark eyes darting up and down, taking in the searing helo-lights and shiny ceramic floors.

"I take it the Ileth went to stock my supplies?" Aldani asked as they hurried to the far end of the hallway.

Finn nodded, hand on his blaster. He scanned the space, looking for anyone out of the ordinary, anything that felt suspicious. Whatever the man's fault, he had to admit the pirate had some good connections. Viktis had found a quiet apartment in a middle-class zone on the station, where Aldani and Myka wouldn't be noticed. They'd be safer there than on the run in the Athena.

At least that's what Finn kept telling himself. Renna would be seriously pissed if she found out that he'd let the pair out of his sight, but with the way things were going, he couldn't risk the two of them being found if the Athena was caught.

"Have you heard from Renna?" Myka asked hopefully.

Finn shook his head, gaze still sweeping the space as they walked. "Not yet, kid. It's barely been a week. Give her some more time."

The boy chewed his lip. "I'm worried about her."

Aldani squeezed his nephew's shoulder. "Renna's fine. She's a tough girl. She'll be back with us in no time." Over the boy's head, Aldani met Finn's gaze with a frown.

A sharp stab of panic shot through Finn's gut, tightening his fingers around his blaster. Renna was running out of time. The longer her implant had to fuse with her neural network, the more likely it was she'd turn into one of those...things they'd found back in Navang's lab. A hybrid. Aldani was working on a cure, but it was slow going, especially with her gone. The scientist didn't know if his drugs would even work on her system.

Finn clenched his jaw. No. She'd just walked back into his life. There was no way in hell he was going to let her go before they got to see what this thing was between them. It had been a very long time since he'd felt this way about someone. If ever. There hadn't been room to become attached to other people back when he was working for Blur. And since joining MYTH...well, he hadn't exactly been celibate. But it wasn't easy to have a relationship with a civilian when the smallest slip-up could put them in danger.

He forced a smile to his lips. "Everything's going to be fine, Myka. I promise." This was war and Renna had chosen this path. It was time to suck it up and do the same.

"Look, there's a park right in front of the apartment where you can play," Finn said, changing the conversation and pointing to the green space they were approaching. The station's various zones were designed haphazardly, some clean and respectable, others worse than the poorest Earth slums. The Merrin zone was named for a well-respected scientist from Old Earth, and had a cozy, if slightly shabby feel. But its big draw was the large park with synthetic grass that anchored the zone, accessible only to people who lived there. Real trees ringed the space, and a gurgling fountain sat in the middle. A few small girls were playing a game of tag at one end of the park, their laughs and screams echoing over the hum of the air recyclers.

"I think we could get used to it here," Aldani said with a smile. "Don't you, Myka?"

The boy nodded, watching the other children play with a haunted expression. "It'll be nice not to be...locked up."

Finn's heart clenched. He heard the kid almost every night. The nightmares made Myka shriek in terror, and sometimes, not even Aldani could comfort him. Being in that cage must have been absolute hell. Maybe Viktis was right about taking the Cordozas down.

And maybe it was way too easy to slip back into old habits. The constant struggle between doing what was right and what was easy never went away. The old part of him, the part that had been Hunter back in the gang, would have jumped at Viktis's plan as an exciting challenge. But he wasn't that man any more. He had responsibilities. People to protect.

Finn shook his head to clear away the thoughts and gestured to the door of one of the apartment buildings that faced the park. "Viktis promised your place has a great view, lots of windows. And it'll only be temporary until Renna finishes her job. Then everything can get back to normal."

Whatever the hell that was.

CHAPTER 2

From his spot in the corner booth, Viktis watched Captain Finn slide onto a bar stool and gesture to the tall Trezian bartender. Viktis took a sip of his own Ileth bourbon. The Cap looked a bit off tonight. Something about the man being out of uniform just seemed wrong.

The bartender plunked a shot glass of green, glowing liquid in front of Finn. He downed the shot without hesitation, then gestured for another.

Well, well. The good captain was trying to drown his troubles, was he? Never a good sign. Viktis took another sip of the blue bourbon, letting the liquid burn down his throat in a fiery trail as he ran through his options. Despite what he'd said earlier, he needed Finn's help. Taking down Kitty Cordoza was more than just a way to avenge poor Myka. The whole family was corrupt. A malevolent smear on the galaxy.

And with the new tech Kitty's mercs were delivering, the family would be unstoppable.

Definitely not good for Viktis's bottom line. Even worse for the other mercs in this system. But while the thrill alone of taking down the Cordoza's matriarch wasn't enough to tempt Viktis into action, the threat of lost profit was. Plus, seeing Kitty Cordoza rot in jail would finally pay off a debt he'd owed for far too long.

After watching Finn down his third shot, Viktis shook his head and got to his feet. By the looks of the ladies eyeing Finn like he was a prime-cut rib eye, if he didn't stop him, the good captain would find himself in a world of trouble. He crossed the bar and clapped a hand on Finn's shoulder. "Careful there, Cap. People might get the wrong idea."

Finn curled his fingers into fists in his lap. "Go away, pirate."

"You wound me, Cap," Viktis said, pressing a hand to his heart. "I thought we were friends."

"Then you're even more deluded than I thought." Finn gestured for another shot, but Viktis caught the bartender's eye and shook his head.

"Why the hardcore drinking? Missing our girl?" he asked.

"My girl, not yours," Finn growled. "You're nothing to her any more. Nothing."

Viktis raised an eyebrow. Interesting. Was his former relationship with Renna really eating away at the man? Finn didn't seem like the jealous type. "I wouldn't say that."

"I would." Finn glared at the bartender. "I need another drink."

"I really don't think you do. A few more of those and you might end up going home with one of those lovely young ladies watching you from the end of the bar."

Finn glanced to where Viktis pointed and two girls not much older than Renna giggled and waved at him. One was human, the other Delfine and Viktis had recognized both immediately. They were notorious scammers who preyed on lonely men. And right now, Finn fit the bill perfectly.

But Finn rolled his eyes. "Not my type."

"Right, you prefer leggy brunettes with a penchant for thievery. So how about instead of sitting here moping that she's not around, you help me out? I promise you'll feel better in the morning, too. That green stuff'll give you a hell of a hangover."

"I told you, I'm not helping you cheat at cards."

"There will be no cheating involved - just a little sleight of hand and misdirection. It will all be perfectly legal on your end. Your shiny halo won't get the least bit tarnished. In fact, you'll be a hero."

Finn's blue eyes were slightly unfocused as he stared at Viktis. "I could have been you."

Viktis froze. "Pardon?"

"If things had turned out differently. I could have ended up just like you. A merc for hire with no scruples or morals. But I chose a different life. I can't go back. No matter what Renna wants." Finn propped his elbows on the bar and put his head in his hands.

Viktis frowned. He didn't know much about Finn's past, just that he and Renna had been in a gang together when they were younger, and that Finn had left to become a model citizen. Whatever had happened to turn him away from crime was obviously still an issue.

"Let's make this clear, Captain. You could never be me. I'm the best there is."

Finn groaned into his hands and Viktis smiled. "Look, if Renna wanted someone like me, don't you think we'd be together? I tried more than once in the last few weeks to get her to forget about you. She wouldn't bite. For whatever reason, she's only interested in good guys now. And from what I know about you, my friend, there's no chance in hell you'd ever give up those damn morals of yours. Helping me with this won't turn you into an evil mercenary with no soul. I promise."

Finn raised his head to stare at him. "Did you know Renna has a code? She only promises if she actually means it." Finn nodded. "She learned that from me, when we were in Blur's gang."

"Yeah, I knew that. It was her thing, even when we ran together. Made her a good mercenary. You always knew where you stood with her."

Finn nodded again, the motion causing him to sway on the stool. "She promised Myka that she'd stop the Cordozas for him."

"I know."

"Since she's not here, I'll help her with that promise." Finn pointed a finger at Viktis. "But I'm not doing anything illegal!"

He bit back a smile at Finn's drunken order. "Of course not. It might tarnish that halo. Besides, you're not the only one with a reputation to protect. Now, how about we get you back to the ship and talk about my plan. Looks like you're not going to make it much longer." He'd never seen a human get drunk so fast. The guy must not be a drinker. Not surprising, really. Finn was one of those nauseatingly upright guys who never lost control.

Viktis slipped a shoulder beneath Finn's arm. "Come on, buddy, let's get you out of here before the vultures descend." He pulled Finn off the stool and steadied him. The ladies at the end of the bar frowned, one of them getting to her feet like she was going to walk over.

Viktis stopped her with a glare.

"Hey, you're not as skinny as you look," Finn said, wrapping a strong arm around him.

"Neither are you," Viktis said with a grunt as Finn's full weight fell onto him. "What the hell do they feed you humans?"

"Food?"

Viktis rolled his eyes and shifted his position. "Clever." He helped Finn toward the door, nodding at the bouncer in thanks as he held it open for them.

"Hey, you smell good. Like grass and cookies." Finn sighed sadly. "It's been so long since I've seen real grass. Earth grass."

Viktis chuckled. "Careful there, Cap. You wouldn't want me to get the wrong idea."

Finn blinked blearily. "What idea would that be?"

"That we should run away together. People are already talking."

"Ha!" Finn's laugh bellowed down the empty corridor and Viktis half pulled, half carried him to the elevator. "You're funny."

"And you're drunk. Now shut up and walk before you pass out. There's no way in hell I'm carrying you, no matter how good you think I smell." But a smile curved Viktis's lips as they walked.

CHAPTER 3

"I think we're going to need some more help," Viktis said as they stared at the holo monitor in his hotel room. "Kitty's suite is here." He pointed to a corner on the thirty-second level. "She's taken the entire floor. I won't be able to get in, plant the evidence, and get back out without a distraction."

"Are you saying I'm not enough?" Finn raised a mocking eyebrow. Entertaining a mob princess wasn't exactly his idea of a good time, but he could handle it. Once his head stopped throbbing. Whatever he'd had to drink last night had left him feeling like a dying ruska.

"You're going to have your hands full with Kitty. I need someone to help me with her guards."

Finn rubbed a hand over his eyes, trying to ease the gritty, sandpaper feeling. "Did you have someone in mind?"

"Lieutenant Keva."

Finn felt his jaw drop as he turned to stare at the pirate. "You've got to be kidding. Keva won't help you. She can barely stand to be in the same room as you." With Keva's focus on following the rules, and Viktis's insistence on ignoring them, the pair were like kerosene oil and matches. Strike a spark, mix the two, and run for cover, because the explosion was going to be big and messy.

They were even worse than Finn and Viktis when they got going.

"I have a few tricks up my sleeve. Let me give it a shot, and if it doesn't work, we'll figure out something else."

"What exactly do you want Keva to do? You know she's even more of a hard ass than I am when it comes to breaking the law." Finn didn't know much about his XO's past, but since joining his team, he knew that she prided herself on following protocol to the letter, could take down a man twice her size in six Bumani moves, and she never seemed to sleep.

Viktis pulled up the schematics of Kitty's suite. "Look at the security. Cameras, infrared, bio-locks. If Renna was here, we might have a shot at getting past them. But she's not, so we need someone on the inside. I want Keva to join the Cordozas as one of Kitty's personal guards."

"On such short notice? I can't imagine Kitty would hire a stranger off the street."

Viktis's smile was wicked. "Let me take care of getting the Lieutenant inside. I need you to get to the casino and start Phase One of the plan." He paused and let his gaze travel up and down Finn's body. "Don't forget the tux, handsome."

Finn groaned. "I should kill you for this. If I'd known I had to wear a suit..."

"Suck it up, old man. It's a small price to pay for taking down the meanest bitch in coalition space."

With a heavy sigh, Finn rose to his feet. "Fine. But I'm not sleeping with her. No matter what you say."

Viktis found Lieutenant Keva just inside the lobby of the Luxor hotel. It was a modern hotel, with chrome and glass fixtures, but it never felt cold or clinical. He always made it a point to stay here when he was on the station. If he had the credits that trip.

Looked like Keva had good taste as well. She'd booked one of the best suites in the place. On an officer's salary. Interesting choice.

He leaned against one of the marble pillars and watched her smile at the desk clerk before she headed toward the elevator. The woman was almost as tall as he was, and with her silver hair and violet skin, she was as striking as the twin moons on Antivia Nine. A little on the willowy side, but he could overlook that. The rest of the package was quite lovely. Too bad she'd rather fight with him than sleep with him.

He pushed himself upright and slipped inside the elevator, just as the doors closed.

Keva's eyes widened.

"Enjoying shore leave, Lieutenant?" he asked as the elevator shot upward.

She arched an eyebrow at him. "I'd enjoy it more if you left me alone."

Viktis chuckled, enjoying the curves visible through the clinging fabric of her street clothes. The woman knew how to fill out a shirt. "You hide it well, but I know your soul yearns for me when we're apart."

"Oh, is that what that is? I thought I'd eaten a bad pastry." The elevator halted and she stepped into the hallway. "If you'll excuse me, I have a reservation with a good book and a soft bed. I don't plan on moving for two days if I can help it."

Viktis followed, his worn boots sinking into the plush carpet. He wasn't letting her get away that easily. "I'd be happy to keep you company in that bed. Provide some extra protection, you know, just in case MYTH tracks us down here." The words were filler-vapid flirtation-but he wouldn't say no if she agreed.

Keva turned, her gaze narrowed in a wordless threat.

He took a step back, holding up his hands in defeat. He also didn't plan on getting punched today, either.

"I think I can manage on my own." She walked away, but Viktis matched her long strides. She was sadly mistaken if she thought he'd just give up.

"What do you want, Viktis?" she asked, a note of weariness creeping into her voice. "Is it too much to ask for forty-eight hours of peace and quiet?"

"Look, I know it isn't fair of me to ask, but I need your help." And he'd do whatever it took to stop the Cordozas. One way or another.

Keva jerked to a halt in the middle of the silent hallway, eyes flashing. "No! I'm not going to help wash your back! Or anything else for that matter."

He chewed his lip to keep from bursting into laughter. His mirth was chased away by an image of Keva covered in nothing but soap bubbles. The hallway suddenly felt oppressively warm and he tugged at his collar. "That's not what I need. I'm being serious here, Keva."

"Lieutenant Keva."

"Fine, I'll call you whatever you want if you'll just hear me out."

"I didn't spend a week's worth of salary on this room to stand here in the hall with you."

"Does that mean you're inviting me in?" he asked, glancing at the frosted glass door.

She rolled her eyes. "Not on your life. So spit it out, pirate. You've got sixty seconds before you're kissing glass."

"I don't need sixty seconds." He lowered his voice. "The captain and I need your help to take down the Black Widow."

Keva's eyes widened and she sucked in a tiny breath. "You can't be serious. Anyone who's ever tried to go after her has ended up dead or locked away for life."

"But I have a plan."

"I'm sure that's what the rest of them thought, too. I can't believe Captain Finn is helping you with this." She frowned, eyebrows furrowing. "You're not bribing him are you?"

"No. I'm not. Shocking, isn't it?" Viktis said with a grin. "So what about you? Is the spoiled, rich girl afraid of getting her hands dirty?"

Keva's lips parted with a furious gasp. "How dare you? You know nothing about me!"

Well, that'd struck home. Interesting. "I know enough," he said. "Your accent is pure Preill. High-family stuff. You even walk like a royal, despite your military training. I should know. I used to be one myself."

A muscle jumped in Keva's jaw as she gritted her teeth. "Whatever my background is, it's none of your business. And I'm not getting involved. You and Finn can do this without me."

He crooked a hopeful smile at her. "Look. I thought you MYTH-types were all about stopping injustices and make the galaxy a better place. Getting this woman locked up for life is the best thing for everyone."

Keva sighed heavily. "Except me."

Viktis watched her shoulders slump. She was starting to crumble. He pushed forward. "The woman almost killed Myka. She's a slaver and a bully, and the tech she's here to retrieve could change everything. If we don't do something, she'll be unstoppable."

Keva slipped her keycard into her door and shook her head. "I'll think about it. After my nap."

Viktis nodded to her room. "I could help you with that, if you wanted..."

"I don't."

Viktis saluted as she shut the door in his face. That had gone better than he'd expected.

CHAPTER 4

Three hours later, Viktis tugged at the high collar of his suit jacket and surreptitiously wiped his sweating palms on his black tuxedo pants. The last time he'd worn a suit was for Big Joe's funeral, but according to his intel, Kitty Cordoza was a sucker for a man in a tux, and if he hoped to get close to her, he'd need to play the part.

Hopefully Finn was already playing his.

He walked through the casino doors, inhaling the scent of credits and desperation. The clanging metallic slot machines played their festive ditties in the background, while a group of Conyara aliens, squat women with grayish skin and thick ridges running parallel across their bald heads, stood around a roulette table, shouting at the little white marble in deep, raspy voices.

Across the room, he spotted Lieutenant Keva in the doorway. She paused, surveying the room, her tight black dress skimming her curves and showing off her long, long legs.

Viktis swallowed. Damn. The lieutenant was clearly hiding more than just a rich girl persona beneath her uniform.

He was going to have up his game. No doubt about it.

The woman spotted him and inclined her head regally before slowly making her way toward him. She'd pulled her silver hair up, and her violet eyes looked big and luminous in the glittering chandeliers that hung from the ceiling of the casino. A blue-clad waiter passed by, carrying a tray of champagne. Keva lifted a glass without missing a beat.

A woman after his own heart.

He couldn't help but watch her wet her lips before taking a sip. Her eyes fluttered closed as she swallowed.

Viktis fiddled with his collar again and shifted uncomfortably. Pull yourself together, he ordered.

"Not bad," Keva said, letting her gaze travel down Viktis's body. "You clean up well. For an Ileth."

"I'd make an equally witty comment about you, Lieutenant, but you've left me so breathless I can't find the words."

She looked away, but Viktis caught the curl of her lips and tried to ignore the thrill that shot through him. There was nothing better than making a beautiful woman happy. There were a few other ways he'd like to delight her, too. Unfortunately, they would have to wait.

But when this was all over...

"Where's Captain Finn?" she asked, scanning the crowds.

"I sent him on ahead. Figured I'd give him a chance to brush up on his Costa Five."

The poker tables were across the casino floor, beneath the garish flashing helo-lights. These tables were for high rollers, with a minimum bet of ten thousand credits. It was early yet, so most of the tables were empty. Luckily, the one Viktis had scoped out still had an open seat.

They headed toward the other side of the casino, and Viktis snagged his own glass of champagne from a passing waitress. As he walked, he caught the suggestive gaze of a tall, Trezian woman. Viktis returned her smile. Beside him, he thought he heard Keva grind her teeth.

"You ready for this?" he asked quickly, drawing her attention-and his-away from the other woman's beckoning glance. His gaze drifted down to the bulge on her thigh. "I see you came prepared."

She smiled, tugging up the hem of her dress enough to show the holster and pistol strapped to her shapely leg. "Always. I am your bodyguard after all."

"And what a bodyguard," he said with a smirk.

Keva shook her head. "There you go with your awful innuendoes again. No wonder no one takes you seriously."

"Who wants to be taken seriously?" He nodded to the table where Finn was already sitting, a stack of chips growing in front of him. "What's it done for that guy? Broken heart, boring life, treason. No thanks, I'll stick to my happy-go-lucky personality and get along just fine. Now start looking like a guard."

She dropped back to walk behind him as he approached the poker table. Two men and a woman wearing a shocking red dress were waiting for the game to begin.

"Is this seat taken?" he asked the woman. Her dark hair was carefully dyed, her unlined face showed faint signs of frequent surgery to keep it looking fresh. As he let his gaze drift appreciatively down her body, he noticed that she had the smooth curves of a much younger woman.

She smiled at him, completing her own careful inspection with big, gray eyes. "Not anymore." Her smoky voice was like pure sex, and as she leaned forward to help pull out the chair, she twisted her torso, providing him an excellent view of her perfect cle**age. Instead of being attracted to the beautiful woman, Viktis forced back a shudder.

Kitty Cordoza was flirting with him.

But he was here to play the game, so he pretended to be flattered. "Thank you. Perhaps you'll be my good luck charm. I certainly need it after my stint at the roulette tables earlier." Viktis shook his head with a wry smile. "I must have lost a hundred thousand credits."

"Ouch," Kitty said, running a blood-red nail across the green felt of the table as she gazed at him from beneath darkened eyelashes.

Viktis shrugged. "Eh, it's not the money, it's the principle of the thing." He paused, then added, "I hate to lose."

A slow smile curved her lips. "So do I."

He held out a hand. "Ravy Zero."

She shook it, letting her smooth fingers linger a little longer in his hand than proper. "Kitty Cordoza."

Behind him, Keva took up a military stance, her face as impassive as stone. Viktis flashed Kitty a smile as he caught her gaze flick to the Delfine. "I hope my bodyguard doesn't make you nervous."

"Of course not. I have a few myself. A girl can't be too careful."

"I agree completely. It would be such a shame if anything were to happen to a pretty face like yours."

Before Kitty could figure out if Viktis's words were a compliment or a threat, the dealer droid pulled a fresh stack of cards from the table. "Are we ready for the next hand?"

The rest of the players murmured their consent, and Viktis snuck a glance past Kitty. Finn sat on her right side, also dressed in a tuxedo. He'd smoothed his usually messy hair back, and his flinty eyes watched everyone with seeming disinterest.

Perfect.

Finn glanced down at his hand after the cards were dealt, his face expressionless. Everyone else at the table seemed to be hiding their tells as well. Viktis had no idea what the other hands looked like.

Good thing it didn't really matter.

"Two cards, please," Finn said, passing over two from his hand.

Beside him, Kitty shook her head. Finn did the same. The final man took three cards, then frowned as he viewed what he'd received from the dealer. "Please place your bets. Ma'am?"

Kitty pushed two chips to the center of the table. "Twenty thousand."

Viktis arched an eyebrow at her and added a third chip to his pile. "I'll see that and raise you ten."

The other men grumbled and added their chips to the pile, but Kitty took her time, sliding the octagonal disk carefully over the green felt, her gaze never leaving Viktis's. "Must be quite a hand."

"I'll never tell," he said.

"Good thing I'm skilled at getting secrets from even the most inscrutable men." Her smile was feral and Viktis forced his to stay pinned to his face. Behind him, Keva snorted, quickly turning it into a cough.

"Hands," the dealer said, breaking the painful tension between them. Viktis could have kissed the robot.

Each player displayed their cards. At the end of the table, Finn crowed, "Damn, that's me again. This table is hot!" He pulled the stack of chips toward him, grinning like a fool. Then he glanced up and spotted Viktis.

His smile got even wider. "By the gods! Ravy Zero? Is that you?" He jumped from his chair and grabbed Viktis's hand, pumping it up and down. "It's been, what? Four years? Last time I saw you, you were finishing a deal on Antivia Nine. Bought a million credits worth of cybertech, if I remember correctly. And you still have the same guard. I'd remember those legs anywhere!"

Viktis cleared his throat, shifting uncomfortably in his seat like he'd wished Finn had kept his mouth shut. "Well, well. You're the last person I expected to see here, Clayton. How's your dad's money treating you?"

Beside them, Kitty watched openly, her gaze flitting between the two men. She tapped a lacquered fingernail against the table, but didn't interrupt.

"Not bad," Finn continued, playing his part as a spoiled heir. "Dad thinks I need to get serious, so he's sending me to take care of the branch on Enill. This is my last hurrah before I get shipped off to the middle of nowhere."

"Tough luck."

The dealer tapped on the table. "If you're playing another hand, please take your seat."

Finn smiled apologetically. "Good to see you, old man. We'll have to catch up later. You entering the tournament?"

Viktis nodded. "Wouldn't miss it."

Kitty watched them, a slow smile transforming her face. "Well isn't that lucky. I'm entering the tournament as well. I hope we can play together again."

"That would be excellent," Finn said, leaning back in his chair like he owned it, arm draped across the back. "A shiny new ship, a stack of credits, and a pretty girl are the only thing a man needs." He looked pointedly at Kitty, his eyes lazily drinking in her assets.

Viktis bit back a laugh. If he didn't know better, he'd think Finn was enjoying this.

They played several more hands. Kitty flirted with both Finn and Viktis, splitting her time equally between them. As he'd suspected, she was a shark - dirty and ruthless when it came to winning. By the time they were done, Finn's winning streak had passed on to Kitty. She'd amassed a large stack of chips in front of her.

"Well that's better," she said with a satisfied smile. "Nothing like a few extra credits to make a girl's day."

"Ever give out loans?" Viktis asked jokingly.

She shook her head. "Never. It's not good business."

"Glad to hear it. I agree completely."

"Smart man."

"So, does a beautiful woman like you have specific plans for your winnings? A new dress perhaps?" he asked, letting his gaze drift down her curvy form, appreciation curling his lips.

"A business investment. I have enough dresses." Her voice sharpened as if she was displeased.

"I'm always looking for a good investment. Have any tips to share?" His simpering was making his skin crawl, but he needed to keep her interested. She hadn't taken the bait yet.

"How much money are you looking at investing?" she asked, coolly. "My enterprises are not for the faint-hearted."

Viktis glanced around the room, then lowered his voice. "I have two million credits ready to go and another million after I sell some assets. I've heard good things about the Cordoza Corporation and their returns. Especially some of their more...interesting investments."

"They're not for the squeamish." Kitty's gaze again fell on Keva standing at attention behind Viktis's chair. "I'm inclined to believe you, an escort like that doesn't come cheap."

Viktis smiled. "Miss Troy is one of the best bodyguards in the system. Worth every penny."

"And does she provide additional services for you?"

Keva growled, taking a step forward. "No. I do not."

Viktis put a hand on Keva's arm to hold her back. "My friend here is a professional. And I find it better not to mix business and pleasure. Especially where my safety is concerned."

Kitty smiled slowly. "You are a smart man. I like you."

"You're pretty clever yourself. Looks like I'm going to have to watch you at the tournament, my dear," Viktis said with a smile.

"You can watch me whenever you'd like." Kitty trailed her nails down Viktis's sleeve. "How about you stop by my rooms tonight after the tournament?" she continued. "And we can talk about how you might fit into my organization. There's a planet on the outer rim that I'm interested in...acquiring. I have a crew stationed there already doing some research. The population there is ripe for the taking."

Viktis's eyes widened as acid bit the back of his throat. This was it. "Slavery?"

"Of course not. According to my lawyers, I am only interested in 'indentured servitude for citizens who would like to emigrate.'" But her smile was feral and he knew she was lying through her teeth.

Before he could respond, a burly man stepped forward and caught Kitty's eye. He wore a black jacket with red trim. One of her security guards.

"Unfortunately, it looks like I need to run." She smiled at Viktis. "But I look forward to seeing you again, very soon."

He took her hand, kissing it gently as he stared into her eyes. "As do I. Meeting a beautiful woman is always a pleasure."

She started to walk away, following her bodyguard. "Don't forget. I'm in suite thirty-four," she added over her shoulder. Her tight red dress hugged her backside and Viktis's gaze dropped to her perfect ass as she disappeared into the crowds. Two more men appeared from somewhere on the casino floor and flanked her as she exited.

Viktis swallowed. That had been a little too close for comfort. He needed to shower off the grime he felt at her touch now. He nodded to Finn and Keva, and the trio quickly left the casino as well, pausing outside the building.

Finn pulled them out of the way of a group of human tourists before saying, "I didn't catch Kitty's bodyguards when I arrived. Where were they hiding during the game?"

"Next table over. Far enough away they can't hear her, close enough to help if she gets into trouble. The woman's smart." Viktis shook his head, a frown twisting his features. He didn't have the luxury of second thoughts, but meeting the woman in person had been...interesting.

"She's terrifying. I thought she was going to ravish me at the table a few times before you showed up," Finn said.

Keva cleared her throat. "I've never been that close to pure evil before. You could feel it rolling of her. And the way she looked at you guys..." She shuddered.

Viktis nodded. "Yeah, we're going to have to rein that in a bit. The lady is known for her conquests. Normally I wouldn't mind, but..."

Finn grinned. "Fragging the queen of the Cordozas probably isn't very healthy, especially if you plan to screw her over later. Literally."

Viktis groaned. "You're so punny." He turned to Keva, eyebrows raised. "It's time for Phase Two. Lieutenant, you ready?"

Keva nodded. "Let's get this over with. Captain, I'll see you later."

Finn saluted automatically, quickly dropping his hand. "Sorry about that. Good luck, Lieutenant. We're all counting on you."

CHAPTER 5

Viktis and Keva stepped into an empty elevator, and he pressed the button for the thirty-fourth floor.

Kitty's floor.

He was no stranger to dangerous situations, often walking into them willingly. But usually he did them alone. This time he realized, as a sense of dread snaked through his belly and took up residence in his chest, it was different. If his plan didn't work, more than just his own life would be on the line.

Soft music filled the space. Beside him, Keva let out a sigh. "Gods, these shoes are killing me." She stepped out of her heels and curled her toes in the plush rug lining the elevator. "I hate dressing up," she said. "Always makes me feel like I'm trying to be someone else."

Viktis let his gaze drop to the tantalizing bit of cle**age he could see. "But that dress suits you." In so many ways.

"My uniform suits me better." She rubbed the back of her neck, her shoulders hunched around her ears.

The girl was a bundle of nerves. If he didn't calm her down, she'd never convince Kitty she was telling the truth. Viktis brushed her hand away. "Let me."

Keva stiffened as he curled his long fingers into the knotted muscles of her shoulders kneading gently, then a moment later, relaxed under his touch. She let out a shaky breath. "Don't get any ideas, Pirate, but oh my gods that feels amazing."

He grinned, even though she couldn't see him. "You are not the first woman to tell me that."

"You know what? I don't even care. Just keep doing what you're doing." She let her head drop forward, giving Viktis better access.

Her skin felt silky soft beneath his fingers, but there was a layer of hard muscle beneath. She definitely spent more than a few hours a week in the ship's weight room. She could probably take him down pretty easily in a fight. The thought was strangely arousing.

His fingers drifted down her upper back, rubbing deeply as he went.

She arched her back, moaning softly.

Viktis's mouth went dry and he swallowed against the sudden sandpaper in his throat. He'd been telling the truth to Kitty. He couldn't risk getting emotionally, or physically, involved with Keva. This mission was too important to risk that kind of fallout. Even though his fingers itched to slowly tug the zipper of her dress down until it bared more of her velvety skin-and if it hit the carpet, well, it looked better on the floor anyway.

That was also another problem. She'd never shown even the slightest bit of interest in him. She didn't even flirt back when he tried. He'd never admit it, but it kind of injured his pride. Was she just not interested? Or was it something else?

The elevator dinged as it came to a stop on their floor. The doors slid open and Keva straightened, stepping away from Viktis. "Thanks," she said, rolling her neck. "Nothing like a pair of heels to throw your spine completely out of alignment."

That's not the only thing they'd thrown out of alignment, he thought, shifting to hide the sudden bulge in his tux pants. Viktis cleared his throat. "Your stop, Lieutenant. I'll be one floor up, monitoring the conversation."

She nodded and tapped the silver pendant around her neck. "Don't worry about me, I'll be fine." Keva glanced down the empty corridor before turning back to Viktis, a troubled expression marring her lovely features. "Look, are you sure we're doing the right thing? She's a dangerous woman, and with Myka and Dr. Aldani, we can't risk getting caught."

"I know. The timing is awful. But this is our best shot. The woman rarely leaves her compound on Hesperia. This is the first time she's been accessible in two years. It will be okay. I promise."

"I wish I could believe you." Keva sighed. "Guess there's only one way to find out." She squared her shoulders and started down the hall.

Viktis watched her, enjoying the view as she walked away. Nothing like a finely sculpted ass to make a man's pants tight in places they normally weren't. His physical reaction to Keva was uncomfortable, constantly jumping to attention without release, but this was business. And a wise man didn't mix business with pleasure, although Viktis knew - beyond a shadow of a doubt - that doing the horizontal mambo with Keva would be nothing short of amazing. But now was not the time to indulge in fantasies. He needed to get back upstairs and monitor her comm. To keep her safe."

He let the elevator doors slide shut and adjusted himself again. It was going to be a long night-just not the kind he preferred.

Kitty Cordoza had reserved an entire floor of the hotel for herself and her entourage. The only sound in the hallway was the hum of air recyclers and Keva's heels thumping softly on the carpet as she walked. The silence made her skin prickle. She'd bet her blaster she was being watched. And not just by Viktis.

She shook her head. The man drove her crazy with his constant flirting and innuendoes. Mostly because she was horrible at both. And he was always laughing at her, like he thought she was some kind of joke.

Keva adjusted the too-tight dress and tugged at the holster on her thigh. It didn't help that she felt completely exposed in this outfit. It was ridiculous the things some women would wear. She'd much prefer her uniform and boots. At least she could move in them. Right now she felt like a tied up tastar pig waiting for slaughter.

She shook her head. Not too far from the truth, since she was walking into the Black Widow's lair. Why had she agreed to help Viktis? She didn't even like the man.

Liar, a small part of her brain whispered. Fine. She liked him. A smidgen. At least enough to have sex with-provided he could shut up for that long. But one night stands with handsome pirates weren't exactly her thing. She frowned. Maybe they should be. When this was all over, she was going to have to seriously reevaluate her life choices.

If she lived that long.

All too soon, she'd reached Kitty's door. Keva paused, her hand poised to rap on the facade. The dim lighting in the hallway cast shadows that perpetuated the ominous feeling in Keva's gut. This was it. If she didn't convince Kitty she was for real, she might never leave this suite again. She took a deep breath before forcing herself to knock sharply.

A moment later, she could hear footsteps as someone approached. The frosted glass door panel turned translucent.

"What do you want?" The guard wore a black jacket with red cuffs, his dark hair neatly slicked back.

Keva stood straight and confident. She could do this. Everything was going to be fine. "I'd like to see Ms. Cordoza, please. Tell her that Miss Troy, Revy Zero's body guard is here."

The man frowned, but pressed a finger to his ear and repeated her words into his comm. Finally, he nodded and opened the door. "Please come in. Ms. Cordoza will see you."

Keva smiled and brushed past him, trying to channel Renna's easy going personality. She needed to stay cool and calm or this whole plan would fall apart. "Thanks."

She found herself in a large foyer with a crystal chandelier hanging from the ceiling and a sleek glass table holding a vase of stargazer lilies. The heavy scent filled the air, choking her. Keva fought back a cough. Why humans thought their flowers were so beautiful was beyond her. Give her the orange petals and delicate scent of a fleshy firecloud plant any day.

The heavy perfumes humans always wore made Keva's head ache and her sensitive skin itch. The slight atmospheric difference between Preill and Earth had allowed the Delfine to develop more complex sensory organs. Their eyesight, their taste buds, and their olfactory senses were all highly evolved from a climate of consistent temperatures and delicate scents.

Since joining MYTH, her nose had been assaulted more times than she had, multiple times a day, and she'd had to learn how to deal with the odiferous humans. Luckily, the Athena's air scrubbers were a Delfine creation and cleaned at a finer particle level than most ships or stations. But when she was on shore leave, the shock to her senses always made her reel a bit.

"Through here, Miss Troy." The guard opened a door into a large sitting room with two white leather couches and low granite tables. A fluffy rug sat between the couches, covering the dark wood floors. Windows looked out over the rest of the zone, a breathtaking floor-to-ceiling view of the entertainment district, with the bright flashing lights and billboards that dazzled, even in the middle of the simulated day.

Kitty Cordoza sat on one of the couches, leaning back against the soft cushions while she studied a tablet. She glanced up as Keva approached and set the tablet down beside her with a welcoming smile. "Miss Troy. What a lovely surprise." She gestured to the other couch facing hers. "Please, have a seat."

Keva sat on the very edge of the cushion. She resisted the urge to pull up the neckline on her dress while simultaneously willing herself not to pull down the hem of the garment. She surreptitiously inspected the room. Planting Viktis's bug was her primary objective, but she'd have to find the perfect place - somewhere it wouldn't be found, and somewhere it would actually pick up conversations.

"This is a lovely suite, Ms. Cordoza. Puts mine to shame."

"Yes, I was very lucky they had it available on such short notice." Kitty crossed her long legs, and Keva noticed she'd changed out of the red dress she wore at the casino into a dark pair of slacks and a red sweater. "What can I do for you, Miss Troy?"

"Please call me Keva." She licked her lips, glancing at the two men guarding the door. "This is very difficult for me, Ms. Cordoza," she started.

"It's Kitty, if you will."

She nodded. "Kitty then." Keva lowered her voice. "Earlier when we met you seemed interested in my services. Are you, by any chance, hiring new staff?"

Kitty raised an eyebrow. "Trouble in paradise? Zero seemed very happy with your services."

"I can't keep working for someone like him. He's abusive, demanding, and stupid - a dangerous combination."

"I should think so." Kitty rose gracefully to her feet and crossed to the sideboard near the windows. "Would you like a drink, Keva?"

"That would be lovely."

Kitty nodded at the tray of liquors. Gold, blue, green and crimson sparkled in cut-class bottles. "What would you like? I have the best scotch in this sector, imported directly from earth, along with Draven ice wine and a special vodka from Preill."

"The vodka please. On ice," Keva said, trying to mask the surprise in her voice. Preill vodka was exceptionally hard to get, and a bottle was usually more expensive than the room she'd booked at this hotel. Keva couldn't remember the last time she'd actually had a glass. Probably the day she'd left home ten years ago.

Kitty dropped a small red sourfruit into the glass of spirits, then handed it to Keva.

She took a sip of the cool liquid, letting it roll across her tongue and chill the back of her throat before she swallowed. Her eyes fluttered shut as the flavor slammed into her, memories of home rushing back.

"Amazing, isn't it?" Kitty asked, pouring herself a glass. "I have a contact in Preill city who smuggled me a bottle after the embargo."

"It's been a long time. If I'm not mistaken, this is southern vodka? It has a bit of the grassy flavor of a Yizan pear."

"Nice catch. It's Catalyst Vodka." When Kitty turned to put the stopper back on the bottle, Keva leaned forward to set her glass down on the table beside her, conveniently pressing the pin-head sized bug to the dark metal leg where it wouldn't be found.

Kitty sank back onto the couch, cradling the glass between her hands. "So tell me a little more about yourself, Keva."

She nodded, running through the back story she and Viktis had crafted. They'd woven in just enough truth to make it feel authentic. "I joined the Preill military when I was seventeen. My parents were very proud, especially when I was promoted quite early. I was one of the best hand-to-hand experts in the organization. But on a mission to Treze, everything went south, and I was blamed for the failure and loss of life. Stripped of my rank. Kicked out. So I started my own business, hiring out my services. I'm skilled in Bumani fighting, can kill a man with a knife at fifty yards, and am deadly with a blaster. None of my clients have ever been injured on my watch."

"Impressive." Kitty's gray eyes narrowed She studied Keva as though she were under a microscope. The lieutenant fought the urge to shift away from the intense gaze that seemed to bore into her.

"What about Zero is so bad, exactly?" Kitty finally asked.

"You saw how he behaved today at the casino. No concern for his own safety, flaunting his money. It gets ever worse after a few drinks." She leaned forward and dropped her voice. "Even I can't handle him when he's drunk. He lets his mouth overload his ass and tries to pick fights with both acquaintances and strangers. Doesn't matter who they are, if they're in his way, he's going to go on the offensive. I've had to save his ass more than once from a pissed-off Trezian." Keva shook her head. "And don't even get me started on his business decisions."

Kitty frowned, tapping one crimson nail against the side of her crystal glass. "He seemed like a good business man to me."

"He puts on a good front. That's how he gets investors. And then he takes their money and disappears. There are a dozen people out there with contracts for his head right now." That bit was probably closer to the truth than Viktis would have liked, but at least if Kitty went searching, she'd find plenty of wanted comms, each with a different name. He was a very prolific pirate.

"No wonder he needs an exceptional body guard." Kitty set her glass off to the side and steepled her fingers together. Then she glanced up as if she'd made a decision. "I like a woman who takes charge of her life and goes after what she wants. To answer your earlier question, I'm recently down a bodyguard," she said with an angry grimace. "Stupid man got himself caught in a prostitution sting yesterday. If your background checks out, I'd be willing to hire you on a contract basis starting this evening."

Keva grinned, twin surges of relief and triumph shooting through her veins, making her giddy. She wondered if Viktis had anything to do with the arrested guard. She wouldn't put it past him. "I'll check out. I'm one of the best, Ms. Cordoza. I promise you won't be sorry."

"I'd better not be. I can make Mr. Zero look like a stuffed teddy bear if you cross me." Kitty's crimson lips curled into a feral smile, like a hungry lioness one pounce away from tearing into an unsuspecting gazelle.

Keva's skin erupted in goose bumps. Viktis better know what the hell he's doing or they were all going to end up dead in a back alley somewhere.

"Of course. I understand completely." Keva stood, reaching a hand out to shake Kitty's. It was cool and dry against her skin, like a dead piece of lizard leather, and another urge to shudder swept through her. "Thank you for the opportunity, ma'am. I'll leave my comm information with one of your men. I look forward to hearing from you."

Keva left the room as Kitty gestured to the two guards. "Bran, I need you to contact Senator Trepor immediately..." she began. The two men stood at attention, tapping her orders into their tablets.

Keva wove past the giant glass table on her way to the door. The first bug was planted, and hopefully working. Time for the second. She fingered the back of her pendant and pulled the small device from the crevice where Viktis had hidden it.

As she pulled open the door, she slipped it into the lock. The tiny bit of tech went home with a click, installing itself into the electro-lock instantly. Done. Now Viktis would have no trouble getting back in when it was time to plant his evidence.

Not too shabby.

Maybe she'd be good at this thief thing if she gave it a chance. She might even teach Renna a few things when she got back aboard the Athena. The thought made her smile as she headed for the elevators. They'd joked once about the stick up Keva's ass. Renna would be shocked when she heard about this mission.

Inside the elevator, she punched the button for her floor, then spoke softly into the pendant. "Did you get all that?"

Viktis's voice sounded low and husky in her ear. "Sure did. The bug in the sitting room is already transmitting. Though I do have to protest your slanderous description of me. I sounded like the worst kind of employer."

"Aren't you?" she asked. Keva hadn't seen the man with anyone beside the crew of the Athena. It would be interesting to see how he handled his own ship.

The other end of the comm was silent for a moment. "I suppose there might be some truth in that." She could hear the smile in his voice. "But I promise I'm a much better boss than I used to be. No one's died on my watch in weeks."

She chuckled. "So what now?"

"Now we get ready for the tournament. Meet me in my room in two hours."

CHAPTER 6

Finn played another hand against the dealer-bot with a sick feeling twisting his stomach. He sighed, tossing his cards down on the table as he lost yet again. This was hopeless. There was no way he was going to be able to compete in this tournament. Viktis was full of shit to think this plan would work.

Kitty Cordoza was going to eat them for breakfast and there was nothing they could do to stop it.

He held up a hand before the dealer could deal him in again. "I'm done for now. Bank my chips, please."

The dealer nodded as Finn slid off his stool and glanced around the casino floor. A kaleidoscope of information assailed his senses: The whirr and chink of the machines, the babble of voices, the smell of unwashed alien and human alike. He hated places like this. They reminded him of his younger days, when he'd led Blur's gang. Casinos always had easy marks, even the poor ones. And Blur hadn't minded ripping off anyone desperate enough to fall for his schemes. Luckily, Finn had sucked at cards back then, too, and Blur had quickly pulled him from the floor.

Finn raked a hand through his hair and headed for the exit. He needed a drink and a shower before the evening's festivities. Not necessarily in that order.

Finn headed toward the elevators, then ducked behind one of the marble pillars as Kitty and two of her body guards stepped out. She marched through the casino lobby, obviously on a mission, and headed toward a small door tucked behind a potted palm tree.

One of the guards swiped a finger against the print-lock, then held the door open for her. Finn caught a glance into the narrow hallway beyond. It looked like some kind of access hall.

Or secret meeting room.

Finn hesitated. Was this the handoff Viktis was talking about? The new tech that could change everything? He turned on his comm and tried to contact the pirate, but there was no answer.

Shit.

Should he go after Kitty himself? Maybe he could record the hand-off. Get proof that she was a smuggler and thief. Then they wouldn't need to even go through the farce of this tournament.

As Finn weighted his options from his hiding spot, another trio of men headed toward the same door. They wore close-fitting, black leather jackets with red cuffs. The Cordoza's colors. When they slipped through the door as well, Finn made up his mind. He didn't know exactly what Viktis had planned, but catching Kitty red-handed might put an end to this cat-and-mouse game before it even began.

He tried the pirate one more time, but he still didn't answer. Then he tried Keva. When her voicemail came on, Finn left a quick message, explaining what he was about to do. Then he strode across the lobby to the door. With a furtive glance around to make sure no one was watching, he tried the handle. It didn't budge. Of course. He was going to have to do this the hard way.

Finn hadn't had to break into a building in years, he preferred the more direct method of kicking in doors, but old habits died hard, and he always carried a set of lock-picks in the special slot in his belt.

When the lobby cleared out, he fit the small device into the lock and let it run through its program. Almost as good as Renna. He smiled down at the tech. Even back in the gang, she'd had the talent of getting into any space, no matter how difficult, and the rest of the group had come to depend on her. A sudden twinge of longing shot through him. Renna should be here with him, helping him stop this woman. They should be doing this together. But she was trapped in MYTH and he was here alone. And if she didn't figure out a way to stop the traitor, she might be stuck there for the rest of her potentially short life. His heart sank before it buoyed up again. She was spending the precious moments of her potentially short time as Renna away from him in order to eliminate a threat to MYTH and humanity. He was proud of her. For being so giving of herself, for giving them a chance.

A few seconds later, he heard the soft snick of the lock falling into place. He pulled open the door and slipped into the hallway, no one the wiser.

Not bad for a reformed thief.

Finn sighed and studied the long corridor in front of him. Dwelling on his feelings for Renna wouldn't help him now. He needed to concentrate. Kitty was a dangerous woman.

The hallway was nondescript, with plain white walls, cheap linoleum floors, and doors lining the space every fifty feet or so. No sign of Kitty or her men. He crept forward, listening at each door, but he was met with only silence. Where the hell had they gone?

The hallway curved slightly to the right, so that by the time he reached the far end of the corridor, he could no longer see the door where he'd entered. But directly in front of him was a double door, marked with a firebird sigil. He'd bet his life this was Kitty Cordoza's private room.

Carefully, Finn crouched in front of the lock, listening for any voices or movement. But the doors were soundproof. He'd have to hope he could find some way to stay unnoticed once he got the doors open. He slid the lock-pick into the electric lock.

The scream of an alarm sliced through the air.

Finn jumped to his feet, but before he could sprint back the way he'd come, the doors shot open and a meaty hand grabbed his arm. He kicked out at the man, but despite his heft, the guard moved fast, darting out of the way so that Finn's kick went wide. He grabbed Finn's other arm and held him steady, glaring down at him with dark, beady eyes.

He was so screwed.

"Mr. Clayton. So interesting to see you here," Kitty drawled from her chair behind a large chrome desk. "Bring him inside, Bran. I'm sure he has lots of questions."

Finn tried to yank his arm free from the giant man's grip, but it only tightened as he dragged Finn into the room. The luxurious furnishings were at odds with the narrow hallway outside and he swallowed at the crossed samurai swords that hung over a low buffet table on the far wall. A glass display case of guns sat in the corner. Most were old-Earth models he recognized from his MYTH training. But there were a few he'd never seen before.

A dozen white leather chairs sat around a heavy glass table. Half were occupied with Kitty's men, the other half empty. Bran threw Finn into the chair closest to the door, then took up a stance behind him, arms crossed.

Well, he wasn't getting out that way. There was only one other option. "I'm so sorry, Kitty." He hung his head for a moment before looking back at her. He wasn't Viktis, but maybe he could talk his way out of this. "This sounds awful, but I haven't been able to stop thinking about you. When I saw you come down this way, I thought it would be an opportunity for me to get you alone. I apologize if I've, ah, intruded on anything."

She smiled slowly, baring her teeth. "Isn't that the sweetest thing I've ever heard? But I'm not sure how you got past the locked door."

He shook his head, trying to appear perplexed. "It opened when I pulled on it. Perhaps it didn't lock." His heart kicked against his ribcage hard enough that there'd be a bruise tomorrow. Across the room, two of Kitty's other guards rested their hands on the blasters at their side, watching him with narrowed eyes.

Kitty stood slowly, with leonine grace, stretching each muscle and vertebrae as she rose. The hair on the back of Finn's neck stood on end at the icy expression on her face.

"Tell me, Captain Finn. How long did you think you it would take me to find out who you really were? I'm the most powerful woman in this galaxy. I have spies in every government, every organization. I had you identified the moment you sat down beside me at the poker table."

An iron fist clenched his stomach, but Finn forced himself to breathe through it. She was only one woman. Viktis knew where he was. Everything would be fine.

Kitty approached his chair, letting her fingers trail across the surface of the tabletop. "I'm actually disappointed. You're quite handsome, you know. I would have enjoyed a few"-she let her gaze rove leisurely across his body-"rides." The lust cleared from her gaze in an instant, and turned shrewd. "However, I make it a point never to sleep with MYTH agents. They're too focused on playing with their...assets."

Finn held his breath as Kitty ran a finger across his jaw, then forced his chin up so he had to meet her gaze. "Now, what about those friends of yours? What exactly are they up to?"

"I don't know what you mean."

Kitty shook her head. "You know I don't like to play games." She gestured to the man standing beside Finn. Without warning, he punched Finn in the stomach, sending lights skittering across his vision as he tried to suck in a breath of air.

"Let's try again. Who are the other two and what are they doing?"

Finn swallowed, tasting bile, but didn't answer.

The man's fist connected with Finn's midsection again, another wave of pain washing through him. He bit down on his lip so he wouldn't make a sound. If nothing else, MYTH had taught him to withstand worse torture than this. Though from what he'd heard about Kitty, she had plenty more up her sleeve.

One of the guards got to his feet, setting his tablet on the desk. "Contact is here, boss. We need to get to the drop."

Kitty frowned. "I suppose my fun will have to wait for now. We'll deal with him, and his friends, when the tournament's over. I don't want anything getting in the way."

Bran grabbed Finn's arms and yanked him to his feet. When he smiled, there was a gaping hole where his left front tooth should have been. "I'm going to enjoy breaking you later, my friend," he said as he dragged Finn toward another door at the back of the room. "Have a pleasant stay."

He threw Finn into a small closet and slammed the door behind him, leaving Finn to stare hopelessly at the suddenly seamless wall in front of him.

She'd installed a Resule cell. No door once it was shut, no windows, and made from material that blocked all comms in and out.

He was completely f**ked.

CHAPTER 7

Keva stared down at the holo image on Viktis's watch tablet. He'd hacked into the security cameras on the Cordoza floor so they'd have a better sense of what they were up against. It was a good thing he had. Unlike earlier, two men now stood guard outside the door to the suite.

"What's going on?" she asked with a frown.

"Hell if I know. Something must have spooked Kitty. Good thing we came prepared." Viktis patted the blaster at his hip but Keva shook her head.

"You promised we'd do it my way."

"Fine," he said. "But when they shoot a hole through your heart, I'm not patching it up."

"Just keep up, Pirate, and you'll see how it's done."

Viktis tapped something into the tablet and the video feed went black. A moment later the security cameras shorted out, sparks hissing against the sleek white walls and streaking them with soot.

The two guards glanced up from their posts, but before they could move, Keva fired two shots from the small pistol she carried.

A moment later, they collapsed to the floor, sound asleep.

She grinned at Viktis and refrained from gloating. "Let's go."

They each pulled on a pair of black gloves as they walked toward the suite, and Keva had already pulled her hair into a tight bun. Leaving any evidence behind would screw their whole plan - getting caught wasn't part of it.

Was she seriously going through with this? Breaking into someone's hotel room? Twenty-four hours earlier, she would have said never. But here she was. Where had the real Keva gone?

Viktis tapped again at his watch, using the device Keva had planted earlier to open the door to the suite. Together, they slipped inside the darkened foyer.

Like before, the pungent stargazer lilies made her gag.

Keva forced herself to ignore them and switched on the light in her own watch, letting the cool glow highlight the three doors that led off the space. "Straight ahead is the sitting room. Bedroom's on the left, bathroom on the right."

"Kitty's computer is in her bedroom." He carefully opened the door, Keva following close behind. She let her light sweep through the room, highlighting the giant bed, the plush carpet, the luxurious curtains. It was definitely a bedroom fit for a mob queen.

"So what's the plan?" she asked, leaning against the door.

Viktis booted up Kitty's computer, the light turning his amber skin green. "I'm going to plant the evidence of her cheating in her files. Once the station security show up to search, they'll find it immediately."

"But you said there was also a physical component?"

"Yes. Catch." Viktis tugged a small box from his pocket and tossed it to Keva.

It was a state of the art bio-lock, not much bigger than a ring box but heavy enough that her muscles started to ache as she held it. The things were supposed to be able to survive atomic explosions with no damage. There was a small indent where the owner could press their finger to unlock the thing, and an energy dampener that could lock it down to any surface, making it virtually immovable.

"What are we doing with this?"

"Making sure Kitty Cordoza is locked away for life."

Viktis's cold grin made Keva shift uncomfortably. It hit her for the first time that this whole plan was personal. He didn't want to take this woman down for altruistic purposes. There was something else going on.

"What's inside?" She set the box down on the dresser and stared at the dull gray surface.

"A data chip. Contains a list of every slave that the Cordozas have bought, transported, or sold."

Keva felt her eyes widen. "How the hell did you get that?"

"A lot of late nights." He snapped his jaw shut around the words as though they were painful. "Just find somewhere to hide it that won't be too difficult for the guards to find when they search her suite. I've set the bio-lock to her DNA, so it will lead right back to her."

A gasp escaped Keva's lips. Bio-locks were supposed to be unhackable. That's why they were so expensive.

"Hurry up!"

She blinked, then started pulling open drawers. Kitty's underwear was as flamboyant as she was, if the lacy bras and crotch-less underwear was anything to go by. Gingerly, she pushed through a drawer of stockings and hid the box in the back. She'd been around long enough to know most male security guards went for the underwear drawers first when searching through personal belongings.

"Are you done yet?" she asked, glancing down at her watch. "The tournament starts in thirty minutes. We need to get down there and fill Captain Finn in on our progress before we implement Phase Three."

"Finished. Let's get the hell out of here." He turned off the computer and was headed to the door when Keva's hand shot out and grabbed his arm. They both froze.

Voices.

"Shit." Viktis scanned the room frantically. "Into the air duct. Now!" He pointed to the grate in the corner. It looked barely big enough for a child.

Keva's heart sank.

"Hurry up," he said, pushing her toward the cramped space.

She shook her head and tried to back away. "No way. I'm not going in there. How about I tell them that Kitty wanted me to wait here. They'll recognize me from earlier."

"And the tranquilized guards?"

"Right. Probably not a good sign." She sighed and crouched in front of the hole.

Viktis stood behind her. "Afraid of the dark?"

She flashed him a look of disgust. "That's right. Turn it into a joke."

The voices grew louder and Keva's heart thudded painfully. They were just outside the suite. Which was the lesser evil? A battle with them or a battle with herself?

"Keva, move!"

She took a deep breath and forced herself to crawl into the gaping hole. Viktis crept in behind her, pulling the vent closed.

The only sound in the cramped space was their breathing. Keva's arm pressed against the sleeve of Viktis's shirt, his warmth seeping into her skin. She closed her eyes and tried to focus on the feel of air moving in through her nose and out through her mouth. A panic attack right now would not help them.

But gods she hated small spaces like this.

"Hey, you all right?" Viktis asked, lips millimeters from her ear, his warm breath caressing her skin.

"Not really." Her whole body felt like it was a rock, tense and solid. She couldn't move if she wanted to.

Kitty's guards opened the door to the suite, arguing about what to do with the sleeping men as they entered. She picked out three separate voices. Okay odds if she and Viktis had to fight their way out. That option was starting to look better and better as the vent seemed to close in around her.

One of them headed straight to the bedroom, snapping on the light. She took a deep, shuddering breath as he marched further into the room.

Viktis took her hand, rubbing it gently between his. She let her eyes drift closed, trying to break free of the trap her mind was trying to weave. His hand drifted up her arm, stroking softly. She focused on the feel of his warm fingers, the clean scent of his skin in the small space.

"There's no sign of anyone here," one of the voices called from the foyer.

"Nothing in here either," the man replied. "But damn, our Kitty has some good taste in clothes."

"Hey ass**le, if she catches you looking at her underwear, she'll cut out your eyes."

She'd totally called that one.

There was the sound of the drawer sliding shut, and footsteps leaving the room.

"See. It's going to be just fine." Viktis moved his hand up to her neck, letting his fingers rub slowly at the base of her shoulders. "Besides, I'll protect you."

She opened her eyes at that, turning to frown at him, but he grinned. "Gotcha. You know I expect you to kick their asses if we need to fight," he whispered. "You are the army lieutenant here after all."

"That's right. And don't you forget it." Her heart still felt like it was trying to escape, but at least Viktis's bad jokes made it a bit easier to breathe. Their gazes met in the strange half-light of the vent and a shiver shot through Keva's midsection.

Viktis's fingers brushed a strand of her escaping hair from her face, his fingers grazing the skin of her jaw and making her skin erupt into goose bumps. They were so close she could see the flecks of green in his golden eyes, the way his skin shimmered in the light.

"Why do small spaces frighten you?" he asked gently, letting his fingers trail down her neck.

Keva stared sightlessly at the vent wall as a wave of terror washed over her. She thought she'd gotten over it years ago, but it came up periodically, sending her into a spiral of fear. "Coup attempt when I was nine. I was locked in a secret compartment in our manor for three days. No food, no water, pitch black. Only the sound of screams and whimpers to keep me company."

Viktis's fingers curled into her shoulders. "That must have been horrible."

"Wasn't exactly a vacation."

"I watched assassins kill my parents when I was a kid," he said softly, his tone nonchalant, but ending with a slight tremble. "I pretended to be a servant. Hooked up with the mercs afterwards so I could escape. They never knew the truth about my past." He paused, his voice dropping slightly. "I found out later that one of my sisters made it out, too."

He didn't make it sound like a good thing, and Keva turned to look at him, interested despite herself. "What happened to her?"

Viktis's hands were clenched tightly together in his lap, but his voice was perfectly calm. "Caught by slavers just outside our system. Cordoza's men. Kitty got one look at Jillis and sold her to a rich Trezian who said he wanted an Ileth housekeeper. Her relation to a former President was an added bonus." He took a breath. "Took me five years to discover she was alive, and when I found out, I went to the Cordozas to buy her back. By then it was too late."

Horror burned the back of her throat and she slid her hand into Viktis's. "Did her owner kill her?"

"No, he only raped her. The Cordozas killed her when she managed to escape. They tracked her down like a dog. He didn't want her back. Too much trouble, and she'd already proved a flight risk. There was only one option. Kitty saw to it personally, since my sister had ruined a lucrative business deal."

Keva sucked in a breath. "I'm so sorry."

Trapped in his memories, Viktis didn't respond.

Keva lifted a hand to his face, as if she could physically drag him away from the horror replaying in his mind. She gently forced him to look at her. "I promise you, Kitty Cordoza is a dead woman."

"I don't want her dead. I want her locked away for the rest of her life so she can live with what she's done. That's the worst thing you can do to a woman like her. Take away her power and influence."

His eyes glittered angrily in the half-light of the vent and she nodded. "Then that's what we'll do. We'll avenge your sister."

They stared at each other, both breathing heavily. Before she could blink, Viktis lowered his head and captured her lips with his. They were warm and demanding against her skin, his gentle caress sending tremors through her body. He tasted like champagne and mint.

Gods, it had been so long since she'd been kissed like that. Heat started to pool in her belly and she pulled him closer, their tongues warring. A moan escaped her lips as his hand lowered to her breast, and Viktis shifted so he could pull her half across his lap. Keva didn't resist.

His hands traveled down her body, resting on her hips. She lowered her lips to his jaw, gently brushing kisses along it until she reached the sensitive spot on his neck just below his ear. Viktis let out a shaky breath as she stroked and kissed him, his fingers curling into her skin.

"We need to go," he whispered. But he made no move to pull away.

Keva smiled against the smooth skin of his neck. "I know."

He moaned and pulled her lips back to his. They fit together perfectly, even in the cramped space, and she shivered as his hands slipped beneath her shirt to tease her sensitive ni**les through her bra.

She arched her back, her insides feeling as though they'd burst into flame if she continued to deny her desire. She slowly lowered a hand to the stiffness pressing against her leg.

Viktis jerked at her touch, letting out a hiss of pleasure. At the sound, wetness pooled between her thighs. Gods, the only thing she wanted right now was him. She didn't even care about the darkness.

"Viktis, please," she panted, tugging him toward the vent opening. Kitty's bed was sounding pretty good right now.

But before they could move, voices came from the next room.

"Yes, ma'am. We're here, ma'am." A pause. "No, no sign of them yet. Of course. We'll be right there." There were footsteps in the foyer as the three guards scrambled to leave the suite.

Keva's breath came in gasps, like she'd just run a race, and beside her, Viktis looked pained. "What was that about?" she whispered.

"No idea. But we'd better take this opportunity to get out of here."

Almost reluctantly, she climbed out of the vent, back into Kitty's darkened room. Her gaze fell to the large bed and a pang of regret shot through her. If they'd just had a little more time...

She would have done something completely stupid.

Keva took a deep breath and stepped away from Viktis. "You're right. Let's go." She spun on her heel and stalked out, heat burning her cheeks. She knew exactly who, and what, this man was, and yet she'd thrown herself at him like some sex-starved whore. What the hell was wrong with her?

"Keva, wait."

She ignored Viktis and yanked open the suite door to peek up and down the hall. Still empty. Without waiting for him, she headed toward the elevators.

Footfalls sounded behind her as Viktis sprinted to catch up. He winced as he walked, like he was in pain. "Keva. Listen." He grabbed her arm but she jerked it away.

"No, you listen. That shouldn't have happened. The stress of the moment got to me. It won't happen again. Now, let's get moving before the captain becomes violently ill from Kitty's advances." A shudder shimmied down Keva's body.

Viktis frowned, but nodded reluctantly. "Fine, but don't think this is over."

CHAPTER 8

Viktis took his seat at the poker table and glanced around the packed casino. Where the hell was Finn? Behind him, he knew Keva was doing the same thing. The tournament was about to start, and there was still no sign of him.

"What do we do?" Keva whispered.

Her breath warmed his ear, the sweet, floral scent of her perfume washing over him, and he closed his eyes against the surge of lust that spiked through his midsection. He still ached from their earlier kiss like a teenaged boy. She shouldn't have been able to do that to him with barely a touch, but the thought of how she'd tasted, how she'd felt in his arms was making him crazy.

He sucked in a ragged breath. Pull it together. He couldn't afford to slip up now, not when he was so close to ending Kitty.

"We go ahead with the plan and hope he shows up soon," he answered.

Her worried gazed scanned the room again. "I don't like this. The captain is never late. What if something's happened to him?"

"Then there's nothing we can do about it now. He'll be okay for a little longer." But unease made his skin prickle. She was right. Finn would be here if he could. So what had happened? Renna would kill him if Finn was hurt on his watch, and he knew first hand exactly how dangerous it was to get on her bad side.

"Here, hold on to this for me," Viktis said, passing over a small biolock. "Just in case."

"What is it?" Keva asked, her forehead furrowing adorably.

He cleared his throat. Since when was adorable part of his vocabulary? "It's an insurance policy in case our friendly mob queen tries anything. A copy of the data I planted in her suite."

"Smart." Her gaze met his with admiration and they stared at each other for a long moment, the sounds of the casino starting to recede.

Until the murmur of the crowd grew louder, breaking the sudden tension between them. Kitty Cordoza and two of her bodyguards had entered the casino and were making for the poker tables. Viktis tried to pick his jaw up off the floor as she sashayed toward him in a dress that left absolutely nothing to the imagination. The cherry-red, floor length silk had a slash that revealed her long legs as she walked, and a plunging neckline that went almost to her stomach. Her dark hair cascaded over her shoulders in shiny waves, and her red lips were parted in a smile as she met Viktis's gaze.

"Mr. Zero. So glad you decided to enter the tournament. I have a feeling this is going to be an exceptional game." She held out her hand to him and he took it, pressing a kiss to her palm.

"You look magnificent, Kitty. I don't think anyone's going to be paying attention to their cards, we'll all be too busy staring at you."

She smiled, but it didn't reach her eyes. "That's what I was counting on."

A short, potbellied Conyara alien climbed onto the platform set up behind the poker tables. He spread his arms with a smile that stretched his facial ridges wide. "Welcome everyone to the first Pointe Blue Casino Poker Tournament. I'm excited at the fantastic response. The Children of the Stars charity will benefit from your extreme generosity. Now without further ado, let's play!"

The dealer-bots cracked open fresh packages of cards at each table and shuffled them between their metallic fingers. "Costa Five rules, minimum bet twenty thousand credits." Quickly, the bot dealt out a hand to each player, their human-like eyes watching each of them carefully.

The bots had been designed to be tamper proof, but if you knew the right people...And Viktis always knew the right people.

He picked up his hand and smiled. Not bad at all.

"Bids in." The dealer stared at each of them. The man on Viktis's left pushed over a stack of chips. Everyone else followed suit.

"Show your hands please."

With a smile, Kitty flipped over her cards, along with the two other men at the table. Viktis kept his face expressionless, but he'd won the table. Easily.

"Who's lucky tonight?" Kitty asked. "That's quite a hand."

"Let's hope it keeps up," he replied with a smile. "Luck is a fickle thing."

She ran her fingers down his arm, stroking the back of his hand. "Indeed it is."

His gut clenched. The expression in her eyes was savage. And not just because of the tournament. Every instinct screamed that there was something wrong, something he was missing, but he had no idea what. He'd have to stay the course for now and hope he could stop her before whatever she was up to went too far.

"Next hand," the dealer announced.

After a quick glance at their cards, the players placed their bets. And Viktis won again.

And again.

After the fourth time, his hands started to sweat and he furtively wiped them on his tuxedo trousers. This wasn't supposed to happen. He'd programmed the hack to only let him win enough to stay in the game, not to obliterate everyone in every game.

Beside him, Kitty smiled slyly. "I had no idea you were such a shark, Mr. Zero."

"You must be my lucky charm," he replied breezily.

Keva shifted her weight, glancing around the room nervously as the crowd started whispering. The noise swelled louder than the sound of the slot machines, but Viktis blocked it out, focusing on his next batch of cards.

A royal flush. Shit.

There was nothing to do but play it.

The noise crested higher, and the other players at the table studied Viktis with narrowed eyes. He took a sip of the champagne at his elbow to chase away the sudden acid burning at the back of his throat.

Behind him, Keva coughed. He glanced back at her. And then at the trio of casino officials approaching.

The man who'd kicked off the evening shindig glared at him. "Mr. Zero, we have some serious concerns regarding your wins this evening. Would you please stand up and place your hands face down on the table."

Viktis's swallowed as he stared at the men. "I assure you, gentlemen, I haven't been cheating."

"We'll determine that for ourselves. On your feet, sir."

Two casino guards approached and Viktis scrambled to stand up.

"Search him," the Conyara ordered.

Viktis held up his hands. "Is that necessary?"

"Cheating at this casino will not be tolerated. Men, search his pockets." The two guards approached and Viktis backed away, bumping against the table. His frantic gaze fell on Kitty Cordoza, watching him calmly from her seat, and his stomach dropped to the floor as it hit him.

She'd framed him.

"Not so lucky after all, Mr. Zero? Or whatever your name is." She leaned back, her dress spilling open to show off her long legs. "I'm sure I'll have plenty of time to figure it out once I win here. You won't be going anywhere for a very long time."

One of the guards grabbed his arm, while the other shoved a hand into the pocket of Viktis's tux. He struggled, but the guard pulled out a small electronic device and held it out to the tournament official.

"Looks like a transmitter of some kind."

Where the hell had that come from?

"Yes. I've seen these before. Take him to the security office and lock him up. We'll deal with him after the tournament." The official shook his head. "It's disgusting that someone would try to cheat at a charity tournament. Only the worst kind of criminal would steal from these children."

Rough hands grabbed Viktis by the arms and dragged him away from the table. He met Keva's worried gaze, his skin turning icy. For the first time in his life, he was completely at a loss as to how to get out of this one. If he attacked the guards, hundreds of people could get hurt. If he played along, he'd find himself in a jail cell at Kitty Cordoza's mercy. Neither option appealed to him.

"I'll call your lawyer," Keva shouted over the catcalls and jeers from the crowd. "We'll get you out of this."

He had no idea what that meant, but if Kitty was on to him, she had to be suspicious of Keva, too. He shook his head. "Don't do anything stupid," he ordered as they dragged him away.

CHAPTER 9

Keva watched the guards haul Viktis off to the security office, her heart thundering like a runaway horse. She'd watched Kitty's expression during the whole thing and there was no doubt that the woman was behind all of this. And if she'd figured out who Viktis was, it was a good bet she already had Captain Finn.

Now she had two men to rescue.

Before anyone could notice she'd stayed behind rather than follow her employer to his cell, she slipped into the crowds. Stopping behind a potted palm tree, she pulled up her watch tablet and quickly checked her messages.

Her stomach clenched. There was one from Captain Finn. How had she missed that earlier? He sounded rushed, his voice muffled like he was talking softly to not be overheard. But his words sent a shiver of fear down her spine. . He'd followed Kitty down some hallway in the hotel lobby.

Keva sprinted toward the area he'd specified and scanned for the door near the palm tree.

There!

She rattled the doorknob but it was locked. Dammit. She did not have time for this. She pulled her small pistol from the holster around her thigh and switched it to silent mode. But when she fired a shot at the lock, the low bang still echoed around the lobby. Everyone stopped dead, staring at her.

She waved and smiled. "Sorry, stiff lock, pay no attention," she called before darting through the door. She'd only have a few minutes before someone alerted Kitty. She needed to find the captain and get him the hell out of here so they could put an end to this. Viktis's plan was still in motion and it would blow up spectacularly if they weren't there.

She raced down the hallway, throwing open the doors that dotted either side. They were devoid of any life, just storage rooms full of chairs and boxes. And then she spotted the double doors at the end of the hall. That had to be it.

Normally, she'd take her time and try to scope out the scene, her MYTH training screaming at her to be cautious. But with the adrenaline pumping through her and fear churning her insides, she kicked open the doors, gun sweeping the space.

She was almost disappointed to find it empty of Kitty's goons.

Keva did a quick circuit of the space, skirting the large, glass table and spending a few extra seconds on the gorgeous swords displayed on the wall. Early Kriss era, Priell ultrasteel if she wasn't mistaken. But she didn't have time to study the antiques. A desk sat against the far wall and she headed directly for it. Kitty was too smart to leave information lying around, but maybe there was some sort of clue. Anything that would lead her to Captain Finn.

She yanked open the top drawer, but it was empty, save for a few sheets of paper. The next was bare, too. But when she pulled open the bottom drawer, Keva gasped.

The captain's gun. She'd recognize the MYTH-issued blaster anywhere. It was the same one she carried herself.

Kitty definitely had him, but where? More importantly, was he even still alive?

Her gut twisted, and for a moment, Keva thought she'd be sick. Taking a deep breath, she threw her shoulders back. She couldn't think like that.

Keva set the captain's gun down on the desk and started to rifle through the tablets and papers that were scattered about. She shifted a stack of what looked like receipts - she didn't want to know for what - and spotted a small remote control.

Head tilted, she stared at it, a memory niggling at her mind. She'd seen something like this once, during basic. Carefully she picked it up and studied the six small buttons. They were all different colors, each with a different icon. Like a sudden flash of light in the darkness, everything connected in a burst of memory.

This was for a Resule cell. That had to be where they were keeping the captain.

Her fingers fumbled for the button to turn off the sound jammer and a moment later she heard the pounding through the wall.

"Captain! Is that you?" She pressed another button and a door in the wall slid open where there'd been only plain plaster before.

Finn stumbled out into the room and she caught him before he fell. He grinned at her. "I've never been so happy to see someone in my life."

"The feeling is mutual. Are you all right?"

He nodded. "Kitty Cordoza knows who I am and that I work for MYTH. We need to get out of here before her men come back. The Aldanis could be in danger."

"She's got Viktis, too. Framed him for cheating at the tournament."

Finn groaned. "That's way too poetic, even for her, considering we intended to do the same. So what do we do?"

Keva handed Finn's gun over with a smile. "We stick to the plan."

Finn splashed his face with water, then ran his hands through his hair, slicking it back. He adjusted his captains bars pinned to his shoulder and smiled at his reflection in the mirror. He'd slipped back into his MYTH uniform while Keva waited for him outside his room. They'd determined that using his MYTH status was the fastest way to get people to believe them. Hopefully no one would recognize him until he'd already left the station.

"Are we ready?" he asked, stepping into the hallway.

"Damn straight," Keva said with a smile.

He could kiss Major Dallas for assigning Lieutenant Keva as his XO three years ago. He'd still be stuck in that godsdamned cell if it wasn't for her. And she still wanted to finish the mission. The woman had balls of steel.

Back on the casino floor, the tournament had resumed. Kitty was holding court at the table, the stack of chips in front of her growing with every hand. Finn's fingernails curled into his palms. He wanted to wipe that self-satisfied smirk from her face, but he had something else to do first.

Finn knocked on the security room door, waiting only a moment before shoving it open.

A startled guard shot to his feet from behind the desk. "What are you doing here? Get out, this is private property!"

"Captain Nick Finn, MYTH reconnaissance. I'm here to release one of your suspects." He nodded to Viktis, who leaned against the bars of his cell, a smirk twisting his features.

Finn glared at the guard, his eyes flinty. "Let him out. Now."

"But sir, he's been found cheating. The officials..."

"The officials don't know what the hell they're talking about. My authority supersedes theirs. Let him out."

The man's hand dropped to his blaster as he studied Finn and Keva. Suspicion dawned in his eyes. "Who are you, exactly?"

Shit, he wasn't going to obey. Finn dropped to a crouch, tensing his muscles before hurling himself across the desk. He'd never admit it, but being in the gang had taught him to fight dirty, and those moves came in handy more often than he'd like.

He slammed a fist into the guard's stomach, then lashed out with his foot, but the man dodged with a grunt. From the corner of his eye, he saw Keva snatch the key from the desk and head to Viktis's cell.

The guard panted, his face mottled and red. "I don't know who the hell you are, but I'm a Forever Station guard. I'll see you rot in jail for this." He lunged at Finn, but he'd already telegraphed his move with the flick of his gaze, and Finn easily stepped aside before his punch connected.

He grabbed the guard's wrist and wrenched him back into a hold. "Sorry about this, kid. Nothing personal." He yanked him toward the cell that Viktis had vacated and pushed him inside. Keva locked the door behind him.

"Let me out! You're going to pay for this." The guard's voice went high and wavering and Finn flashed him a sympathetic glance.

"Nice to see you could finally join us," Viktis said, clapping a hand on Finn's shoulder. "We were getting worried."

"So was I. You ready to end this?"

Viktis glanced at his watch. "Perfect timing."

The trio headed out to the casino floor. In the hour it had taken to free Finn and Viktis, most of the players had bombed out of the tournament. It looked like they were playing the last hand. With Kitty in the lead of course.

She laughed as she threw down her cards in triumph and the crowd cheered as she got to her feet and bowed. The Conyara official who'd arrested Viktis climbed back up to the small stage and gestured to Kitty to join him.

"What a tournament! I'm pleased to award this ship and the prize winnings to our generous benefactress, Kitty Cordoza. Congratulations on a tournament well played!"

The crowd clapped, but after they stopped, Viktis kept clapping. Loudly.

Finn chuckled at the shocked expression that flitted across Kitty's face as she spotted the three of them. This was going to be fun.

"Excuse me, sir," Finn called. "I'm afraid you have a cheater in your tournament."

The official waved away Finn's claim. "We've already caught him."

Viktis stepped forward, and the man's eyes widened. "No, you piece of shit, you arrested the wrong person. But you already knew that. Kitty Cordoza rigged the entire tournament to use as a front for an illegal tech deal. You'll find the data chip in her dress. And the tech in your pocket."

The crowd gasped, and the official's face started to turn amber. "How dare you!"

Beside him, Kitty Cordoza froze, her gaze searching for her bodyguards in the crowd. Her whole body tensed like she was about to flee, and Finn made it to the stage in three strides, grabbing Kitty's arm before she could scurry away. "Not so fast. Both you and this gentleman are under MYTH custody. We've already arranged cells for you."

She glared at him. "I've done nothing wrong. Take your hands off me. Immediately. I'll have my lawyers on you so fast your head will spin."

Viktis and Keva had followed Finn to the stage. Keva took up a position on the other side of Kitty. "Go right ahead," she said, pulling the biolock box from her pocket and passing it to Finn. "I think you'll find plenty of evidence here to keep your lawyers busy for years.

The color drained from Kitty's face. "What is that? Where did you get it?"

Finn bit back a smile while he gestured to a group of soldiers who'd appeared at the casino door. He'd called in a few favors with the station security chief, an old friend. One he could trust not to turn Finn in to MYTH. At least not until they'd left the station.

"Take these two away," Finn ordered. "The alien should have another box like this in his possession as well. Search him."

Kitty's eyes went wide. "But if the Conyara still has my box with the tech data, what's in that one?" she whispered.

Icy hatred turned Viktis's face into a mask. "It contains a very interesting list detailing all the sales, deaths, and transactions of slaves through the Cordoza organization. Along with several signatures signing death warrants and kidnappings. Yours was astonishingly prominent."

"You won't get away with this," she hissed. "You're a dead man."

"As a matter of fact, I already have gotten away with this. You don't think this is the only copy do you? The guards will find one in your suite when they search it. I've also sent one to the galactic news service, and one to every government in the sector. Seems like your organization didn't discriminate on who they sold into slavery or the jobs you took from high ranking officials. This is going to make one scandalous story. It will destroy your organization."

Behind her mask of makeup, Kitty looked terrified, but jutted her chin defiantly. "Why didn't you come to me first? I could have made you the richest man in the galaxy."

Finn watched Viktis take a step closer to the woman, lowering his head so only the four of them could hear.

"I don't want your money," Viktis whispered.

Finn's skin erupted in goose bumps at the hatred in his friend's voice.

"Then what do you want? Name it."

"I want my sister back. Can you do that?"

Kitty's shoulders sagged in relief and she smiled encouragingly. "Of course, I'll have my men find her. Whatever you need. Just end this."

"Oh, I will. The only problem is that you already killed her three years ago. Pretty Ileth girl who escaped from her Trezian owner? Pulled the trigger yourself from what I heard."

Kitty went even paler, her tongue darting between her lips like a lizard's as she wetted them. "I...I didn't..."

"Of course you didn't." Viktis's voice dropped to a low growl.

The hair on the back of Finn's neck stood on end and he put a hand on the pirate's arm. "We need to wrap this up," he said softly. Viktis had himself under control now, but if he tried to kill the woman, Finn didn't know if he could stop him.

"I'm almost done." Viktis shrugged off Finn's hand and turned back to Kitty. "One last thing. I've taken the liberty of depositing your tournament winnings into an off-shore account. Along with the proceeds of your latest sale. I doubt you'll need them, since you'll be spending the rest of your life in prison. I've also transferred the ship's registry." He smiled coldly. "Thank you for making me a very rich man."

"You are dead!" Kitty motioned to her guards, but as soon as their hands moved toward their blasters, plain-clothes security men grabbed them from behind.

"No, I don't think so. I hear the Great Western prison inmates aren't fans of the Cordoza Empire. I'm sure you'll face quite a welcome" Viktis stepped back. "Enjoy your new life. And be grateful you still have one."

Finn gestured to the chief of security, and his men took Kitty and the official into custody. As he watched the guards drag them away, a slow smile wound across his lips. Somehow they'd taken down the biggest slaver ring in this sector.

He clapped a hand on Viktis's shoulder. "I don't know how you did it. But damn that felt good."

"Taking down that bitch is its own reward. But it doesn't hurt that I got a shiny new ship out of it." The pained look slid from Viktis's face, replaced by his usual roguish grin.

Finn eased his hand from the hilt of his gun. Thank the gods he hadn't needed to use it. On anyone.

"Yeah, how did you manage that, exactly?" Keva asked, shaking her head. Her lips were twisted into a smile Finn had never seen before. She looked...relaxed.

Viktis cracked his knuckles. "I happened to access her accounts when I planted the evidence on her computer. Made the transfer, sold off a few of her biggest assets. The official had already signed the ship over to her so I just signed it over to me. The Fortune's Risk is sitting in bay D24, ready and waiting."

"So are you off then?" Finn asked. He found that he was holding his breath for the answer, and he let it out softly.

Viktis shrugged. "Nah, the Risk can wait for me a bit longer. Besides, I won't always have you around to protect me. I may need her for a quick getaway when MYTH starts chasing me again."

Finn grinned. "And don't you forget it. But right now, I have to admit, we make a good team."

Viktis raised an eyebrow. "That was pretty sappy, even for you."

With a chuckle, Finn headed for the casino doors, the others following him. "We still have a few hours of shore leave left. How are you going to spend it?"

"Not with you, that's for damn sure." But Viktis's eyes sparkled as he punched Finn in the shoulder.

With a start, Finn realized they'd become friends. It was the last thing he would have expected when they'd met in the brig of the Athena as Viktis tried to steal his ship.

The pirate shrugged. "I think I'm going to go visit my new ship. Get to know her. I have a feeling this is going to be the beginning of a beautiful relationship." He glanced at Keva. "Want to meet her?"

Finn clamped his jaw shut in shock when his XO nodded and took the arm Viktis held out for her.

"I think you and I have a little unfinished business to take care of," she said slyly.

"More than a little, I'd say."

Keva glanced at Finn over her shoulder, her violet eyes sparkling. "Don't wait up, Captain."

