I had made friends with a bug. My, how my life had altered since I escaped the west of Triaz. Though, to be specific, I wasn't entirely sure that it was a bug. As long as I looked past the facts that it was as long as I was tall, had razor sharp teeth, had twenty beady eyes, had twelve long legs with webbed feet, and had black scales that were as soft as feathers...well, then it reminded me of a bug that I had once seen in a picture book of Earth. The author had called it "Spider".

I called my new bug friend "Charlie".

Of course, he didn't speak back, but he did watch the entrance to the sewer I now resided in.

I had officially gone from being a lab rat living in grandeur, to a street rat living in hiding.

It was still better than being played with by my Vaq.

Plus, I had Charlie.

I glanced in his - Charlie was definitely a he - direction. Charlie's hind end was facing my direction. Not exactly the prettiest of sights, but he was still keeping his many eyes on the alleyways outside of our alcove. The damp, rank air had first been stifling when I had found this hiding spot a week ago, but now, it was a sad circumstance that I no longer smelled the putrid air that filtered in through my new home.

When I had first met Charlie, I had been frightened. Scared silly. It had become apparent that I had trespassed on his property, his home. But when I had thrown a piece of meat, one I had stolen from a vendor's cart, in defense, he had stopped advancing on me. Taken my offering. Ever since then, as long as I brought him 'treats' every night, he allowed me to sleep here.

Though, it would be much better if the meat didn't give him gas.

Now, that I could still smell.

I pulled my stained cloak around me tighter as I got comfortable on the molded hay that lay over the mud floor. My hands shook with zapping needle-like pain, as they had been for the past two weeks. Ever since I had crossed the border from the west to the east. My Vaq had stopped giving chase at that point, and the pull to be near them had turned into a magnetic agony that my brain was only gradually numbing itself to - thanks to the pain-relieving pills I had stolen from a nearby pharmacy. I fisted my hands, and shoved them under my cheek for a makeshift pillow. The sun was setting, so the Mian would soon be awake and travelling the streets of the city, Vlymun.

I had made it to the capital of the east. My scouting missions for the past week - while the Mian slept during the day - had finally become fruitful. I now knew where to find Jax.

Tomorrow. Tomorrow I would see my best friend again.

Closing my eyes, I whispered, "Good night, Charlie."

He made a noise that sounded much like a grunt. At least he hadn't farted.

I inhaled deeply, trying to relax...and coughed on foulness.

Perhaps he had. "That's just gross, Charlie."

During my reconnaissance missions of the past week, I had overheard that the Plumas of the east enjoyed their 'games.' They loved watching warriors battle each other. It wasn't much different than what I had faced when I had arrived on Triaz, the 'arrival ritual,' but it was on a much smaller scale. Whereas the coliseum had been glass and flash, their killing area of choice was the Crank Pit.

After restlessly scouring the city of Vlymun, I had finally found the stinking place. It rested in the middle of a barren field on the far west side of the city. There was only dark brown dirt surrounding the facility - presumably for individuals to park their vehicles, if the tire tracks were any indication. Though 'facility' may be too grand a word for this place.

The Crank Pit was much like its namesake--a pit.

It was an enormous, brown, mud coated circular tent, with wooden planks as bleachers that circled a sunken fighting area. There was only one way in for the Mian - the entrance was also the exit - where the bleachers were split for a large walkway in and out of the structure.

Luckily, I wasn't Mian.

The brown tent was flush against the back of highest bleachers. Beneath where the Mian would sit, I waited in hiding to watch. Under the bleachers, the ground was a mixture of dirt and sand; the closer you moved to the pit, the more sand you had to endure.

I grunted in the subdued light, the sun barely visible through the dark tent, as I moved from a crouch to a belly crawl and made my way closer to the edge. The cool sand that had dried blood mixed throughout it - obviously kicked up from the fighting are - wasn't the easiest to move on, and my continual griping was the only sound heard. No one was awake yet in Vlymun, so I could make as much noise as I wished. If the late night city chatter I had overhead was correct, the Plumas' prize Human - I knew it had to be Jax - would be fighting tonight.

Apparently, it wasn't Jax's first battle in this pit.

The way the Mian had spoken, it had almost sounded like they viewed him as a god in the ring.

That was a good thing. A very good thing.

If the Mian adored him as much as they seemed to, they would be treating him well.

I had no fear of him being hurt by one single Mian in a sparring match - even if it was to the death. Jax was that good. My main worry was that I wouldn't be able to track him after he was removed from the Crank Pit and still keep myself from being caught. It would be tricky in the dark of night, but I had to try. If I could free him, we might be able to live together on Triaz without being caught, now that I knew this mysterious land better.

He and I were of the day, while the Mian were of the night.

The Mian's weakness to light had worked well so far to my advantage.

Finally comfortable, with a clear view of the pit through the lowest bleachers, I rolled to my side so I could reach the pockets of my cloak. I pulled out the fresh meat I had pinched from the deli only an hour ago. From my other pocket, I extracted the 'borrowed' pain relievers. I quickly popped three pills into my mouth, and frowned. It was the last of them. I would have to steal more.

Tossing the empty bottle aside, I started munching on the meat. The sun was still high in the sky, so I knew I would have time for a long nap before the festivities began. After the walk here, I was exhausted. I quickly devoured my meal, pulled my hood down far over my eyes, and settled down for a few winks of shut-eye.

I gasped quietly when I was bumped from the back. My eyes flew open, and I barely resisted the urge to scream. With my blood boiling hot, and my palms instantly damp, I clamped my mouth shut and held perfectly still.

Voices surrounded me.

Deep timbres - masculine and adult - were coming from above on the bleachers...but children's prattling was on either side of me. I bit my lip in frustration - no longer in fear - as I suddenly realized that my hiding spot was not just my hiding spot. By the sound of it, children were all over down here, but with hushed voices as to not alert the adults above. They must have slipped in under the tent's edge, as I had done.

Dammit. I had been more tired than I thought...not to mention warm. The Mian kids surrounding me were like mini-heaters, and I had spent too long being chilled living in the sewers. I hadn't slept this well since...Joyal.

Not allowing the memories of home to invade too deeply, I sighed quietly. I would be trapped here until they began leaving. With my hood covering my eyes, they had no clue I wasn't Mian. My smaller stature also gave the impression that I was a child. But unless they left early, my hopes for tracking Jax might be foiled for this night. I would have to wait and see.

Moving quietly to my stomach, I tried not to bump the kids on either side of me too much. But I wasn't stupid. During the process of rolling, I grabbed the knife I had stolen from my Vaq - what seemed like so long ago - from under my cloak, and gripped it loosely. They may just be Mian kids....but they were still Mian. A group of them could take me down easily with their added strength and speed.

I lay silently between two chattering Mian mini-heaters, watching as more Mian poured through the entrance. There was light inside the tent, but it was subdued, making me squint to see clearly to the entrance/exit. The Mian were loud and boisterous, pounding each other on the back in greeting, drowning out the kids gossiping. All sported the tattooed mark of the east near their right eye - a star. My Vaq wore the tattoo of the west near their left eye - a circle with a line through it. Seeing so many of the east all in one place kept my mouth shut tight. I doubted I would receive a warm welcome if anyone realized I was Soul to the Plumas of the west.

Through the space between the feet of the Mian who sat down on the bleacher directly above my head, I analyzed the occupants on the far bleachers as much as I could from under my hood. I couldn't see the Plumas of the east, but that wasn't saying much since I could only see a small section. Judging by the finer apparel the Mian were wearing tonight, it gave me a good sign that my intel had been correct. It appeared that they were dressing up just in case they had the opportunity to speak with their much loved Plumas.

I tried not to snort at the thought.

No matter what planet you lived on, some things never changed. Politics were still politics.

The 'games' began within fifteen minutes. I was extremely glad I had the hood to deflect all of the sand that continued to fly up from the pit. The kids next to me weren't so lucky in their chancy entertainment. They squirmed and coughed as the bloody granules sailed in the air. It only exhilarated them, though, if their small fists pumping in the tight area was any indication.

I stayed low and quiet, watching as Mian warriors continued to maim each other.

Death...and more death. All while the crowd cheered in energized fervor.

It was disgusting...and curiously engaging. By the time the tenth pair was brought in through the entrance, I could almost tell who was going to win - live - before they even began battling one another. The way they held themselves, and their weapon of choice, from the unsettling rage their glowing eyes showed to the quiet watchfulness as they assessed their opponent, it was all there to anyone with a skilled eye. The men, and it was only men, who came in beating their chests and roaring to enliven the crowd...usually died the fastest. The opponent who prepared with seriousness to their movements almost always lived.

However, one brash Mian surprised me. The crowd shouted his name, Stiller, with great vigor, and he bellowed right back - just as loud - wearing the most amused grin on his features. He even flexed his muscles more than a few times for the ladies on the sidelines. I thought he would die within the first five minutes, but, in fact, he killed his opponent in the first two minutes...while still wearing that amused grin, and sporting new war paint of blood dripping on his bare chest.

In the end, he turned and bowed deeply, almost in hilarity, to my far left.

The crowd thoroughly enjoyed that, laughter heard all around.

I had a pretty good idea of who he would be bowing to. Not to mention, Stiller must be a close friend of the Plumas to joke around with them as he was. That bow could have easily have been taken as disrespectful, but not by the crowd's reaction of delight...and the fact he still had his head as he climbed onto the bleachers in the direction he had bowed - instead of leaving the Crank Pit as all the other surviving competitors had done. I lost track of him the higher he climbed.

The Plumas were seemingly sitting at the top. Good to know.

While two men dragged out the newly deceased, the announcer walked onto the sand of the pit. It still amazed me that one man could continually quiet the audience with a gentle wave of his hands. Into the hush, he stated loudly, "Our final fight of the night: Bailor Nostum and Jax Waterston."

The crowd...went wild.

I almost covered my ears, the chanting and screams were so loud. The sand and dirt I lay on vibrated under me from the Mian beating on the bleachers with their feet and fists. The children next to me went utterly quiet, and then started elbowing each other as the announcer left and the two competitors entered the pit. My own heart stopped, then beat a chaotic rhythm when I saw Jax.

He was alive, and most definitely well taken care of. He wore only an outfit much like all the Mian who had been fighting tonight. His chest was bare, along with his feet; a pair of soft black leather pants were his only protection. His skin shone with a healthy glow under the soft light, and no obvious mark of torture marred his smooth flesh. He smiled a real smile and raised his left hand to wave at the crowd, and that was when I noticed that he no longer wore his black slave's bracelet.

My jaw bobbed. What?

He was no longer a slave?

I couldn't...I couldn't even wrap my mind around what would give him his freedom.

And...he appeared to like it in the Crank Pit by the way he was grinning from ear-to-ear.

I froze utterly when Jax turned to the crowd and pressed his mouth to a woman's who was leaning over at the waist on the front row. My breath stalled in my lungs as they kissed to the crowd's roar, Jax's tongue definitely invading the woman's mouth. She blushed prettily as she leaned back, but she still threw her fists in the air, as if in victory.

I didn't know what to think. Had they brainwashed him?

This wasn't the Jax I knew. A simmer of emotion began to burn my throat. I swallowed repeatedly as the two opponents began warming up. I may not know what to think of the situation, my plan definitely needing to change with him no longer a slave, but I knew what I felt.

Betrayed.

My one Human friend on this cursed planet...and he was acting like a Mian.

He had...kissed...someone. I was certainly tired of being shocked and hurt by 'kissing'.'

My one sliver of hope was that, while he appeared to have enjoyed their embrace, he hadn't worn the adoration and love on his features as my Vaq had when they had been kissing one another.

Jax may not be as lost to me as I feared. I had to hope.

Blinking the moisture swiftly from my eyes, I watched as the fight began.

Jax's opponent, Bailor Nostum, was talented. The Mian certainly had not given him an easy fight. They went round and round, the Mian much faster than Jax. Stronger, no doubt. Jax held his own as the rough clanging of their axes bashed against each other. Sand touched my mouth at one point when Jax slid backward right in front of me from a hard rally on Bailor's side.

But Jax had more skill. This became blindingly apparent when my best friend dipped and used a basic move to swipe Bailor's feet out from under him. I held my breath as the man went down in the center of the pit.

Jax wasted no time. His ax arced down with light gleaming off the blade.

Blood rushed through the air as he yanked his weapon back from Bailor's shoulder.

War cries of pleased frenzy zapped the air from the crowd as Bailor lay on the ground, not only bleeding from his shoulder, but also from a small portion of his neck.

But then my best friend did the stupidest act imaginable. He turned and waved at the cheering audience. He didn't even see Bailor roll to his side in a blur and gingerly rise to his feet, holding his bleeding neck with one hand and raising his ax in his other behind my best friend.

I saw it, though.

Even as half the crowd surged to their feet in surprise, I was already gripping the edge of the pit and pulling myself through the bleachers in one fast movement. The hood of my cloak was shoved back from the rough wood of the bleacher, but I didn't stop my momentum as I landed on my side and threw my knife with deadly precision at the back of Bailor's exposed neck.

Just as my best friend had twirled and missed being impaled by Bailor's blow.

Bailor's body, and ax, landed with a thud directly next to Jax's feet.

The crowd was now silent.

Too late, I realized my best friend hadn't been stupid. It had been a ploy to rouse Bailor.

My act had been rash and stupid.

Sucking air in the midst of my folly, I slowly peered up from the ground.

Jax's eyes met mine. His widened.

With my heart hammering inside my chest, I quickly jumped to my feet. I raced to the middle of the pit, and dropped, sliding to a stop with sand flying everywhere to jerk my knife free of Bailor's corpse. Jax was still standing in shock, his jaw even hanging open, but I didn't have time for that. I grabbed Jax's free hand lunged toward the exit, scrambling to my feet, and ran as fast as I could toward my one escape and yanking Jax behind me.

I shrieked when a Mian...Stiller...just suddenly appeared in front of me. Slamming to a halt, I barely kept myself from being impaled by the sword he held out. Stiller, the jokester of the previous match, wore none of the humor he had during his fight. His violet glowing eyes were narrowed on me, as he pressed his sword right over my heart.

"Let him go," Stiller growled softly.

I tried inching back from the blade, but Stiller advanced with me. With Jax still in surprise at my sudden appearance, I had no option but to release Jax's hand. As soon as I did, I didn't even see Stiller's blow coming. With a shudder of pain, I was flying backward through the air as my chest burned with the agony of Stiller's heave.

I still held onto my knife though.

Landing with a brutal whack on the sand, I rolled a few feet until my body's momentum stopped. Spitting sand from my mouth and chugging much needed air into my lungs, I barely got to my knees before I saw two new pairs of feet advancing toward me. A quick glance up and I knew I was in the worst trouble possible.

It was the Plumas of the east.

By their expressions, seen through my locks of my hair, they had recognized me.

"Jax," I whispered, glancing in his direction. I stumbled to my feet, seeing him now moving, rushing toward me. It was about time his shock had worn off. But I groaned, holding my bruised chest as Stiller followed directly behind him, and grabbed him by the waist, holding him back from coming any closer. My eyes reluctantly lifted to the Plumas who were almost on me. "Fuck."

With white, long strands of hair blowing out behind him in a breeze of his own making, Pluma Phila Moir moved to stand between Stiller, Jax, and me.

Pluma Killeg Creo stopped directly in front of me, his white, chaotically chopped hair in disarray.

He lifted one hand in front of my face.

Opened his fist.

He blew out hard, and a fine purple dust flew from his palm into my face.

I blinked as a haze immediately started to envelop me.

As I started to sink deeply into oblivion, I felt warm, muscled arms catch me as I fell.

The rough toe of a boot kicked my knee. "She's awake." I knew that voice. I had heard it before. It belonged to Pluma Killeg Creo. He kicked me again. "Open your eyes, Ms. Valorn."

I opened one first, and then the other. I hadn't been awake for more than a minute. Just long enough to tell that I was lying on my side, soft leather was beneath me, and my hands were bound behind my back by a scratchy, thick rope. I also knew that there were four sets of lungs breathing by their slow intakes and exhales, meaning four people were near.

I was right.

They sat in a half-circle in front of me.

I was lying on a white couch inside a parlor of some sort - location unknown. The individuals who stared at me were also sitting on white leather chairs. All four were peering at me with varying expressions.

My kicker, Pluma Killeg Creo sat directly by my feet in their little half-circle.

Stiller sat to his right.

Jax sat next to him.

Pluma Phila Moir sat directly beside him, closest to my head.

Trying to keep the fear from my system, I ground my wrists against the rope holding them. A little pain to take the place of fear couldn't hurt. Especially since the Mian sitting here had their nostrils flared and sat far back on their seats, like they were trying to control the urge to attack me.

My gaze quickly landed on Jax. I tried not to let my hurt at his betrayal show in my eyes, but I grumbled harshly in English, "How are you no longer a slave?" He was Human, like me. He should act like it, dammit. Not be putting his tongue in other people's mouths.

With a flick of his finger, Pluma Creo tapped the bottom of my boot, gaining my attention. "That is the first thing that you have to say?" He spoke in Mianese, eyeing me oddly. "Just what the hell are you doing here, Ms. Valorn?"

Stiller grunted softly, muttering under his breath, "At least we know why Pluma Kreob and Pluma Wazra have been beating the borderline and demanding entrance."

Pluma Creo flicked him an irritated glance, one that meant 'duh'. Though, his gaze darted back to mine, and I felt my brows pucker as I really got a firsthand view of his eyes as he leaned forward and braced his elbows on his knees. "Answer my question, Ms. Valorn."

His eyes were crystal blue...but they were so light in color against his tan complexion that they pierced me. I remembered having a similar reaction to his other half, Pluma Moir. This Pluma's eyes held an indefinite amount of mystery, knowledge and intelligence sifting as he studied me. I felt my body go completely still when I only wanted to lean forward to gaze a little closer, to see if that dark outer rim was aqua or black, to see if I could figure out the secret that lay there so guarded but still teasing, as if he knew but would never tell.

My lips thinned as I jerked my attention away and glanced in the opposite direction.

Black as night eyes watched me, Pluma Moir much closer to my head than Pluma Creo.

His gaze trapped mine just as it had the first time I had met him in that small room after the 'arrival ritual.' It was a gaze that made you hunger for more. A midnight that you wanted to savor, to keep him looking your way, just so you could stare that much longer into delicate, yet punishing depths.

These Mian...they were dangerous.

I sucked in a harsh breath, and quickly tugged my legs up and shoved my body so that I was now sitting. I stared at the floor. At the black tiling. It was safe there to look. Speaking their language, I stated slowly, "I won't answer any of your questions." Though, I did find it interesting that my Vaq were beating down the borderline to get in. Did that mean they actually couldn't pass without allowed entry? I had thought they had just given up on me, had gone back to Belvar to live happily together.

No one spoke for an indefinite amount of time.

The breeze coming in from an open window ruffled my hair, but I stayed gazing at the floor.

Silent. I could do that.

Apparently, they could too.

My legs began to ache, starting to numb from sitting in one place for too long.

My ass even started to hurt, but I stayed still.

Eventually, Jax grumbled, "Oh, for fuck's sake." He shoved out of his chair and pushing Stiller's hand away when he tried to yank him back. He landed on his knees right in front of me. I jerked when he placed his hands on my knees, but he only gripped me that much tighter. His grey eyes, no glow, just normal Jax - normal Human - peered up at me from his dipped position while I kept my head down. "Braita, what happened?" He ground his jaw together, speaking through clenched teeth. "Did those Plumas hurt you?"

Yes. "No."

"Then what ha-"

"She's lying," Stiller interrupted.

Instantly, Jax paused. He continued watching me, but asked, "How do you know?"

Stiller shrugged. "It's in her voice."

I cursed quietly, then grumbled, "It's not like that. They didn't physically harm me."

Jax rubbed my knees with his thumbs in a soothing gesture. "Explain."

My cheeks instantly flamed red, and I peered directly into his eyes. "I'd rather not."

Jax's dark brows furrowed deeply. He was quiet for a full minute before he shook his head of dark, curly hair. His grey eyes scanned my face repeatedly, not missing anything. His tone was quiet, as if he were talking to himself. "I heard that they don't have a Harem, so you wouldn't be jealous of other women." He was too perceptive. And too close to the truth. "What is it then?"

I sighed heavily, a vision of Jax kissing that woman flittering through my mind. "What happened to you?" My eyes narrowed into a pointed glare. "You aren't a slave anymore, and you're acting more like a Mian than a Human."

Jax bit his lower lip, peering down to the floor. But when he met my gaze once more, there was defiance in his eyes. A stubborn tilt to his chin. "The leaders of Joyal made those rules when our people first arrived there. On Earth, it was different - as you know well enough from our history lessons. Not much different than the Mian. What I'm doing, who I am, it is human nature." His eyes never wavered from mine. "When I found the other half of my Vaq, I realized this."

My hands and body went cold as my mind halted of all thoughts, shivers of frigidness keeping my spine straight as Stiller placed his palm on Jax's shoulder and left it there. Stiller even gave a light squeeze of reassurance. This...was too much.

"Okay, I've had enough," I argued, rising to my feet. Jax would have landed hard on his ass if Stiller wouldn't have had a hand on him. I quickly stepped over my stunned best friend and jumped through their semi-circle of chairs, and turned a heated eye on all of them. "Release me now. I want the hell out of here." I was dead serious. I couldn't take much more of this. "And whatever you have done to my best friend, I suggest you reverse it now. He never would have acted this way before coming to this damned planet."

Jax was instantly on his feet, holding his hands up in supplication. "Braita, they've done nothing to me." He shook his head softly as he took a tentative step toward me. "The Plumas here, they told me that you are Soul to the Plumas of the west. In a sense it is the same, me finding my other half. Your Plumas did nothing to you, just as Stiller did nothing to me." His grey eyes were penetrating on mine, pleading me to see his case. "It just is."

I turned my angry glare on Stiller. "He is my best friend."

Stiller had the nerve to snort. "He may be your best friend...but he is mine."

I snarled. "The hell you say." I charged him. My hands were still bound, but my teeth worked just fine. I could bite right into his neck and rip out his throat if I had to.

But I slammed into a blur. The fast moving projectile was Pluma Creo.

He lifted me straight off my feet, holding me flush against his body.

"Braita!" Jax hollered, still holding his hands up, trying to calm me. "He is mine too. It works both ways. Stiller's just being an ass right now."

"Am not," Stiller grunted. He paused, glancing at Jax's scowl. "Okay, maybe a little. Calm down."

"Argh!" I shouted, wiggling fiercely inside my captor's hold. "Let me down, damn you!"

"And there she goes talking about 'cows' again," Pluma Creo muttered. He merely tossed me into the air, where I landed bent over his shoulder with my stomach smashed against it. He even whapped me on the ass when I started squirming again. "And she was doing so well there." He paused, clasping a well-muscled arm around the back of my thighs, holding me tightly in place. "Phila, what do you think?"

Pluma Moir replied in an amused tone, "Our old pet's cage?"

Pluma Creo chuckled softly. "That could be fun."

"Wait," Jax growled. "You aren't going to hurt her, are you?"

Pluma Moir answered vaguely, "Only when she misbehaves."

I gulped for oxygen right before my head was thrust under water again. Two strong pairs of hands held me under once more until I was almost depleted of oxygen, then pulled me back up. I sputtered and coughed, and glared as Pluma Creo grabbed for the foaming shampoo and sprayed it all over my head - all over again. It made the fourth time these Plumas had taken it upon themselves to wash my hair in a tub that all three of us were now in. This 'bath' had started with just me in it, when they had tossed me in - with my clothes on - but then I had fought their demands so hard that they had landed in the tub too to keep me contained.

My wrists no longer bound, I rubbed water from my eyes. I growled, "I can do this myself."

Both sets of glowing eyes glared.

I had said this once before...and almost made it out of the bathtub when they had released me. Their expressions were warranted, I supposed, since I had made one of them bleed that time. But this time, I was serious. I lifted my black brows, and stated, "I'm being honest. I would rather not drown in this bathtub. If I'm going to die, it should be doing something worthwhile." Not fighting a damned bath because they thought I smelled too bad.

Ever so gradually, they removed their hands.

I waved toward the door. "If you two would leave, I can finish this. There are no windows in here so I can't escape." I pulled the edge of my shirt away from wrist before it suctioned back to my skin. "To bath properly, I can't have these on." I shooed again toward the door. "And no matter how ass-backward your planet is, the two of you are not seeing me naked."

Pluma Creo grunted. "As if we would want to see that."

I crossed my arms over my chest. Like I hadn't noticed both of them staring at my breasts that were in full view - thanks to my wet shirt. I now knew what those expressions meant after watching the Mian on the streets of Vlymun. It was attraction, the type that led to sexual contact. I had viewed that enough in darkened alleyways to blind me. "Just give me five minutes alone, and I'll be done."

Pluma Moir raised one brow, and then laughed softly. "Make it twenty, and you have a deal." His nose crinkled as he stepped out of the bathtub. "Your stench is overwhelming, Ms. Valorn."

Pluma Creo grunted again - this time in agreement - as he jumped out of the bathtub with ease.

Both left the posh bathroom without another word, shutting the door quietly behind them.

I could still hear them outside talking in quiet whispers, but at least I had some damned privacy. Standing up, I started tugging my clothes off. With my initial anger ebbed from finding out Jax was now half of a Vaq - my best friend was part of them and he liked it - I called loudly out of pure curiosity, "I thought you were taking me to your pet's cage? Or was that just a lie so Jax wouldn't know where I am?" As I got my shirt over my head, I almost had to hold my breath from the foul stench. They were right. Living in a sewer hadn't done my hygiene any favors.

Pluma Moir chuckled, and asked through the door, "What do you think, Ms. Valorn?"

I grunted, and almost fell when I tried taking off my boots while standing. I quickly sat on the edge of the tub, and thought that through as I yanked them off. My pants came next. When they were discarded with a wet plop on the black tiling, and I had started on my underwear, I grumbled, "You'll keep me close." It was the wise option.

"Very good," Pluma Creo murmured. It sounded like he ran his knuckles down the door, as if he were choosing his next words carefully. "If we don't kill you, that is."

I snickered this time, sinking back down into the warm water. "If you were going to kill me, you would have done so by now." I started scrubbing my arms in the wake of their silence. My brows lifted as a thought occurred. "Are you afraid of what my Vaq will do if-"

"No," Pluma Moir snorted, cutting me off. He paused an extended moment, and then asked, "Did they tell you nothing about what being a Soul means?"

My head teetered in thought. "I know my Vaq can feel me, like I can feel them. It's like a pull to be together. I also know that if they die, I will also die." I stopped washing, and my brows puckered. "That's all I know." It wasn't much really, now that I was thinking about it.

"For all that is holy, they didn't tell her shit," Pluma Creo muttered, but it was still loud enough that I heard. "She's as blind as a damn babe in the dark."

Interesting. Apparently, their young couldn't see well in the dark. Our books on Joyal had never mentioned that. I asked as calmly as I could, "What else is there to know about a Soul?"

Pluma Moir hummed softly in contemplation, and then finally deigned to speak. "Once a Soul is found, that person is what holds a Vaq pair together - instead of their bond. The farther away a Soul is, the less a Vaq is unified. If their Soul is too far away, they are no longer able to feel each other's emotions or hear each other's thoughts or easily know where the other person is. It would be akin to having a piece of your mind ripped away. That is how deeply linked a Vaq pair is." He paused, and his next words were soft. "That is how your Vaq feel right now."

Thank Joyal they couldn't see me. With this new twist of information, my jaw was bobbing up and down but no sound was coming out. I managed to mumble, "Keep going." There had to be more with his pregnant pause.

He did. There was. "It's not just you who dies if they are killed. If any one of you three are killed, the other two also perish. Instantly."

I squeaked - which was incredibly embarrassing - but I also scanned the bathroom for the nearest weapon. They had taken my knife while I had been unconscious. I blubbered in complete confusion, "Why haven't you killed me then?" It would be so easy for them to get rid of their enemy just by slitting my throat.

Pluma Creo sighed. Heavily. "As much as it would be entertaining to do so, Pluma Kreob and Pluma Wazra...well, they are not so bad as far as individuals of the west go. We know them, know their tactics, the way they run business. We have a long-standing relationship with them. It would be far worse to have them dead."

I blinked. "Why?"

With humor lacing his tone, he asked, "They really told you nothing, did they?"

"Just tell me," I grumbled.

"Pluma Leo Kreob is the direct ruler. He was born into the line of succession. His father was the Pluma before him." He snorted softly. "Pluma Kreob's younger brother, Emalt Kreob, leaves much to be desired. That young terror..." He laughed outright. "Well, Pluma Kreob was smart enough to send his senseless brother far, far away from Belvar."

Pluma Moir muttered softly, "He should have killed him."

Pluma Creo grunted. "I'm still surprised he didn't."

I slowly started to wash my toes, my fear diminishing with their honest tones. "What did his brother do that was so bad to send him away?"

Pluma Moir asked mildly, "Have you seen Pluma Wazra's back?"

My eyes widened, and I swallowed heavily, a flash of Malik's back forming in my mind. All of the tiny scars. Hundreds of them. Repeatedly sliced...tortured. My voice came out in a pained wheeze, "Leo's brother did that to him?"

Pluma Creo grunted. "Our sources tell us that Pluma Wazra was the younger Kreob's pet for a time." He paused. "Pluma Kreob didn't meet Pluma Wazra until after his brother had his fun with his other half. They were not linked then." Another grunt. "From what we understand, it was Pluma Wazra who initially stopped Pluma Kreob from killing his younger brother."

My body warmed as my heart beat heavily. "That sounds like Malik." The thought of how surprised Leo had been when Malik had volunteered to handle the Mian who had groped me during a game came to mind. "He doesn't really like unnecessary violence." Even if he would hand it out if provoked too hard.

"Exactly," Pluma Creo stated. "That is the exact reason why you are alive. While Mian love to fight, it is imbedded in who we are, the east and the west would not be wise to have war. It could possibly end our race should that happen." Down to the crux of the matter. Survival. The one thing Humans, Mian, and Kireg had in common. Survival on our new planets was always number one.

Done washing, I stepped out of the bath and wrapped a white towel around my body. "What do you plan to do with me then?" Even after hearing all I had, these Plumas being much more forthright, I still didn't want to return to my Vaq. I never wanted to be played with again as they had played with my heart. "Do you plan to give me back to my Vaq?" Holding the towel firmly in place, I opened the door and peered down at their feet. These fierce Plumas were still sopping wet. "I would like to know my fate." To escape it.

"We haven't decided yet," Pluma Creo drawled evenly. "We've contacted a trusted litigator in regards to the Plumas' requests to come onto our land. Depending on the litigator's schedule, we should hear from the Plumas in a day or two."

Pluma Moir bent so that he could peer into my lowered gaze. His long white hair hung over his shoulder, and his deep black eyes captured mine. Hooked. I couldn't look away. As my body began to warm under his perusal, and his lush lips tilted up at the corners, he whispered, "We'll see."

Handcuffed to the footboard of what I presumed to be their bed, I glared. "There will be no sexual contact in this bed while I am in it." Yes, they were definitely keeping me close. "Do you understand me?"

Pluma Creo laughed outright as he climbed into bed next to his other half, one of them on either side of my legs, both staring down at me. "Ms. Valorn, no matter what you think, it would be an entirely bad idea to have sexual relations with you. Your Vaq...would not appreciate it."

I fumed. My Vaq considered me theirs, and Mian were extremely territorial. "I'm not talking about me. I know that. I'm talking about you two." My nose scrunched. "Together."

Pluma Moir's jaw literally dropped. I had never seen that expression on him before. One of complete shock...and disgust. "Killeg is my brother!" He shook, his shoulder shuddering with whatever he was thinking. "Ms. Valorn, that is repulsive."

My stare was blank, not understanding why that was repulsive.

Pluma Creo turned his laughter into his pillow, holding his face against it. "Oh my." He snorted hard, beating his pillow with a fist as he continued in his hilarity, his entire frame even shaking with it. "Technically, Phila, we are half-brothers...but that is enough." He started laughing all over again, snorting and sucking oxygen hard.

Brows beginning to furrow, I asked curiously, "Siblings do not have sexual contact?"

In unison, they both answered adamantly, "No."

"Oh." I tilted my chin up. "I didn't know that. Humans don't...mate...as your people do."

Pluma Creo peeked up from his pillow, his crystal blue eyes gleaming. "Your best friend, Jax, would argue that statement, Ms. Valorn."

I sniffed. I certainly would not think about Jax doing that. "I meant 'reproduce.'" We had invitro-fertilization for that - no first-siblings that I was aware of. On Joyal, they took great pains to create the best of the best Humans. Not clones of each other. That section of the government was regulated heavily, and followed strict laws.

"Ah, yes." Pluma Moir's lips slowly lifted into a knowing smile. "We had heard that." He peeked at me from under his white lashes. "Though, we do not mate just to reproduce, Ms. Valorn."

Huffing and settling under the covers, I muttered under my breath - in English, "Barbarians."

Dark eyes, so very captivating against his white, long hair, held mine steadily. "That we are."

"Where the hell are we?" I whispered to my best friend the next evening. We were standing inside a pristine white kitchen, while the Plumas and Stiller spoke softly inside the parlor in the next room. "There are no windows here. Are we underground?" The structure we were in was small from what I had been able to see. The Plumas' bedroom, the parlor, kitchen, bathroom, and Jax and Stiller's bedroom. That was it. I hadn't even been able to scope an exit door to this place.

Jax lips twitched as he made breakfast for the two of us at the most ancient of stoves possible. I was surprised that he even knew how to use it. "Think the opposite of underground."

My brows lifted high on my forehead. "We're in a hov-craft?" Our people had been trying forever to make living quarters that hovered far from the ground. They hadn't succeeded yet.

He nodded, his dark curly hair in disarray from sleep. Like mine. "It's the Plumas' personal hov-craft. From what Stiller told me, they use it in emergencies. It has a cloaking device so no one can find them."

I stared. "We're here because of me."

"Most would want to kill you, yes."

"Because I'm Soul to the other Plumas."

"Exactly."

I tapped my fingers on the bar. "If that is true, why would they let Stiller on here?"

"He's their best friend. And the leader of their military force."

"So they trust him."

Jax rolled his eyes. "Of course."

"And you?"

His lips twitched before he glanced back to the bacon he was frying. "Yes. With my life."

Sitting on a plush black kitchen stool and leaned on the bar, I snorted. "So you're bonded as deeply as a normal Vaq. Even though you're Human?"

"We are." His shoulders lifted and fell easily. But he cursed when a spray of oil caught his hand.

"Jax?" Stiller shouted loudly - abruptly - from the other room.

Jax glanced over his shoulder at me. "See?" Then, he leaned toward the doorway, and answered in a normal tone, "I'm fine. Just the perils of cooking."

"Be careful," Stiller shouted, sounding relieved, before his low voice could be heard once more speaking quietly with the Plumas. It sounded as if they were arguing, but respectfully, about what to do with me. I couldn't pick up any exact words, except for my name every so often.

I played absently with my shirtsleeves - or rather, Pluma Creo's oversized shirt that I had slept in as a nightgown - that smelled vaguely of the Pluma. Like lavender soap and spiced cologne. My voice was quiet when I finally stated - in English, "You're changing so much." I shook my head, my black locks of hair tangling around my shoulders. "I've lost so much, Jax. I don't want to lose you too."

His grey gaze bore into the side of my face. But with my stomach in knots, I couldn't look at him.

"Braita, you won't lose me," Jax whispered, also in English. His familiar tone and gentle words made my throat tightened painfully. My eyes burned when he walked to my side and gently placed two fingers under my chin - touching my skin. When I started to pull back, he raised both hands and quickly cupped my cheeks, holding my face steady. He bent at the waist, placing his face directly in front of mine. Still speaking softly, he murmured, "You'll never lose me. Never. We both live on this planet. We're only a borderline away from each other, and since we don't wear the mark of the west or the east, we can cross it easily. I planned to come and see you. I had already talked with Stiller about it."

So close, he breathed, "I couldn't lose you either."

My chin trembled at his honest word. "I'm sorry how I acted yesterday. I've just missed you."

His grey eyes softened further, and he leaned forward an inch. And he kissed me.

I stilled completely, my entire body shocked solid as his warm lips landed on mine.

It was quick. Just the barest of a brush. But I didn't know what to do. With my eyes wide, I gasped, and my cheeks burned with heat. "Jax..."

His thumbs brushed my cheeks in a soothing motion while his eyes gazed directly into mine. "There's nothing wrong with a sweet kiss," he whispered, keeping his lips only an inch away from mine. "We are friends-"

"Aw, shit," Stiller's voice rumbled from the doorway.

I jerked, and we quickly glanced in his direction.

Stiller's expression was utterly blank, but his gleaming violet eyes were large on his face.

Both Plumas were just there, abruptly standing behind him. Glowing dark and crystal blue, eyes peered at us with such intensity that my cheeks flamed even further. Their gazes instantly narrowed, turning death-like in their strength.

Jax quickly pulled his hands away and straightened to his full height. "This is not what it looks like. I swear it."

I jumped from my chair when the Plumas started charging into the room. I threw my hands up, wondering how the hell I had even gotten into this mess. "He's telling the truth-" I grunted, when Pluma Creo instantly blurred behind me, slipped a muscled arm around my stomach, and picked me straight up off the ground, holding my back against his chest. "Wait a damn second."

"Shut up!" Pluma Moir barked, standing now between Jax and I. In the next second, he turned his glare on Jax. Stiller took three steps forward, pulling Jax a step behind him, but kept his expression as blank as it had been, even in the wrath of his fuming Plumas. Pluma Moir ignored Stiller, and bent ever so slightly, putting his face at Jax's level, hissing, "Her Plumas will feel her emotions, you fucking idiot."

I blinked, but wiggled inside Pluma Creo's hold. "What?" I couldn't feel theirs.

When neither Plumas spoke, both still staring daggers at Jax, Stiller cleared his throat, and stated quietly, "The rings they wear from your Cold Mark allow them to feel your emotions." He took another step in front of Jax when Pluma Moir took a threatening step forward, but he kept his tone even. "So what my half did was...unwise." He bowed his head respectfully to his Plumas. "Which I'm sure he is now regretting."

Jax didn't appear like he was going to apologize any time soon. He proved as much, muttering, "Dammit, it wasn't that type of kiss. I was just..." His dark brows puckered. "Well, I just missed her. And she missed me. That was all."

I cleared my throat, trying to hold on to as much dignity as I could, being held as I was. "And my Plumas no longer wear their rings. I have them." Hidden. I had wondered what those damned things did. Now I knew.

Comically, all of the Mian inside the room jolted and stared at me incredulously.

"What?" I asked, noticing the hostility had immediately lowered with my previous words.

Pluma Creo peered down at me, blinking repeatedly, and mumbled in complete shock, "Did you cut off their fingers?"

On their own, my eyes lowered to the ground, and my lips thinned. "I didn't hurt my Plumas."

They had hurt me. My breath still caught at the thought, my stomach even churning with nauseous acid at being duped as I had been. They had each other. Loved each other. I was merely a plaything to them.

Stiller gaped. "Then how did you get their rings-"

"Enough," Pluma Moir commanded in the gentlest, but most demanding, tone. "I believe Ms. Valorn has had enough excitement for now."

I didn't raise my gaze. His words were true - and surprisingly appreciated.

It was quiet for a few beats until Jax turned, and marched back to the old fashioned stove, stating loudly, "She and I still need to have our breakfast." He paused, and sniffed the air. "If it's not burnt by now."

Pluma Creo grunted, gently setting me on my feet. "Not alone, you won't." He peered at Pluma Moir, his voice a deep timber. "We're staying in here."

Pluma Moir nodded once, not speaking, but agreeing while he silently watched Jax.

"What are you two doing?" I asked.

My curiosity had piqued two hours after breakfast when Pluma Creo had produced vials of liquid from his bedroom closet. It was now almost dinner time for Jax and me, and he was still taking up the entire kitchen mixing these liquids together with extreme care. Pluma Moir had joined him, bringing what appeared to be a clear piece of engineering adhesive strip with him - about the size of half my hand. Together, they were sprinkling the cooled mixture on the adhesive material.

Studying his work, Pluma Moir stated evenly, "The medication in your system is almost gone."

I fisted my - slightly - shaking hands. "How did you know that I was taking medicine?"

Absently, he sniffed the air. "We can smell it on you." He shrugged when I continued to gape at their sense of smell. "It's understandable, being as far away from your Vaq as you are. Before Killeg and I invented this, many Vaq and their Soul did the same to handle the pain." He paused thoughtfully, and then chuckled quietly. "Don't worry. We'll bill your Vaq for the cost."

"Uh..." I stared at their handiwork. "That's for me?"

"Yes," Pluma Creo answered, lowering his face to stare as he coated the outer edges.

I blinked, "You two invented a way to reverse the side effects?"

Again, Pluma Moir shrugged, and then blew lightly on the material, drying it. "I'm an engineer. Killeg's a botanist. We enjoy creating items to help our people." His dark eyes peeked up at me, capturing my gaze as he blew once more on the drying liquid. When I didn't glance away, unable to, my very being caught on his, his lips curved in a sensual manner. He gradually straightened as my cheeks heated. "When we're not killing people, that is."

I jerked my attention away, and stared at the stove. It was safe there. Bland and boring. "You two are a muddle of unparalleled contradictions."

"We are who we are," Pluma Moir stated simply, humor lightening his tone.

I glanced his way, and snorted. My lips even curved into a slight smile. "That you are."

Pluma Creo caught my attention when he lifted the adhesive strip - with delicate care - and walked toward me. "Lift your hair."

I eyed the strip. "You're sure it's safe? For a Human, that is?"

He chuckled quietly. "If the Mian medicine that you ingested didn't kill you, then this is safe."

I guess that was true. "What do you two call it?"

"We named it Solo."

"That's fitting, I suppose." I lifted my hair into a high ponytail, and dipped my head forward, showing my coded bars of the Cold Mark plainly. "Slap it on."

His tone was quiet as he stepped directly behind me, bring a wave of his scent and heat. "We do not slap women on this planet, Ms. Valorn." Ever so softly, he placed the strip against my Cold Mark, and it instantly adhered to my skin, providing an instantaneous relief that had my shoulders sagging, my head no longer throbbing, and my limbs no longer on a simmer of fired pain. His fingers traced the strip, just grazing my flesh, making gooseflesh rise and a shiver of...heat...run down my spine. He leaned forward, resting his muscular frame against my back, and whispered against my ear, "We live to please our females, and in return...they love to please us."

My chest warmed with a feeling unlike I had ever known. It was a yearning. I wanted to press myself back against him. To lower my hair, and drop my head back, and allow him to hold me.

I ached for his hands to be on me.

I sucked in a harsh breath. The raw emotion was enough for me to lurch away. I dropped my hair, and even though I knew what this was...it was dangerous. I swung my fingers between the two of them when they advanced a step in my direction. "You said this was a bad idea. Remember? You said my Vaq wouldn't appreciate it." I tilted my chin up and eyed them. They appeared like they wanted to take a bite out of me - in the most erotic of ways. Like I was a tasty treat they wanted to savor. "You were right. They wouldn't." It was best to put on a false face when I was shaking now...and not in pain. I didn't want to feel this way. It wasn't Human no matter what Jax said. It was barbaric.

Pluma Creo's lips twitched almost playfully. "They would never know."

Ah, shit. I had said my Vaq didn't wear their rings any more. "No." I shook my head. It wasn't going to happen - whatever was roaming inside their heads. "No matter what, no matter that I ran from them, I am their Soul. Not yours."

At my words, specifically at the word 'no', both stopped in their tracks. Good.

Inhaling and exhaling a large breath, I muttered into the stifling silence, "Okay...so I'm just going to go watch a flicker show with Stiller and Jax." I pointed to the parlor. "I'll be in there." Moving as quickly as I could without sprinting from the kitchen, I headed toward the parlor.

Pluma Moir's quiet words almost made me trip. "You may be their Soul, Ms. Valorn, but it is Killeg and me that you want. That much is obvious." He paused. "No matter your words."

"Dragon!" Stiller shouted.

I gaped, turning my attention from Pluma Creo, who was imitating some type of flapping bird, to the purple haired Mian sitting next to me. "You have dragons here?" I had read about them in the few remaining children's book from Earth. "I want to see one!" The lingering amusement I'd had, because I was playing Charades with aliens, was now gone. Now...I wanted an up-close-and-personal view of a dragon! Hell yeah...

Pluma Creo, still mute since he was the individual acting while we played our game in the living room, dropped his arms. His shimmering eyes rolled grandly. He sighed heavily but, by the twitch of his plump lips, he appeared to find my outburst humorous.

"Oh." I huffed and crossed my arms, sitting back further on the couch. "He said it. I thought maybe you had them here." I rolled my own eyes. "This is an ass-backward planet."

"So you've said." Pluma Moir chuckled softly. He glanced at the halo-clicker. "You three had better hurry up. You only have thirty seconds left before it's Jax's and my turn."

I glared at him, but quickly sat forward when Pluma Creo started flapping his arms once more and turned slowly in a circle. Mutely, he eyed the ground below him, like a flying... "Predator!" I thumped Stiller's arm. "It's some kind of bird of prey." I had no clue what type of animals they had here, but that was definitely a bird he was imitating.

"Hush," Stiller mumbled, his eyes avid on Plume Creo. "I know that. I already guessed dragon."

"And what a fine guess that was." I snorted, but fell silent when Pluma Creo fell to the ground...and started crawling like some sort of insect. His glowing eyes scoured the each of us, and then he lunged right at me.

I shrieked, throwing my hands up in front of my face just as he wrapped his arms and legs around me, holding me tight against the couch in the silence. When no further attack happened, I slowly pulled my hands down, enough to peek above my fingers at Stiller. "You better know what type of damn animal-"

"Lavano!" Stiller slapped his leg in victory, cutting me off. A huge grin etched his handsome features. "That's definitely a Lavano."

The halo-clicker sounded an alarm, announcing our turn was over.

Pluma Creo squeezed me in his arms, then quickly jumped up. He was grinning from ear-to-ear. "Yes." He walked to the halo-screen, flicked his finger so the screen rotated to our line of vision. The word 'Lavano' was clearly visible. He smirked at Pluma Moir. "Three points for us. Two for you."

Pluma Moir actually scrunched his nose in annoyance, a scowl gracing his distinguished features. "You have two other people on your team. I only have one, and he's not from Triaz."

Readjusting my clothes - my oversized borrowed clothes - I asked, "What's a Lavano?"

Pluma Creo ran a quick scan on the screen, and produced a picture.

I could only stare. It was Charlie. "You...um...acted like a Lavano was a bad creature."

Pluma Moir stood from his chair, getting ready to take his turn. "They are. They're nasty beings that hide in the depths of the underground, but take flight occasionally. Their wings hide under a tough scaling that makes it near impossible to clip the wings. But, not only that, the males have a horrid habit of abducting our females."

I didn't really want to know; my palms were beginning to sweat. "Why?" But I had to ask.

"When the Lavano male is ready to breed with a Lavano female, he takes the weakened Mian woman as a present. The female Lavano uses the Mian body as a hatchling cocoon for her offspring." He paused thoughtfully. "Of course, that happens after the mother kills the Mian, guts her, and feeds on her organs. Once the offspring hatch, they eat the remaining bones of the Mian as their first meal."

The blood drained from my face, leaving me lightheaded. "That's...disturbing." This unwanted revelation would make visiting Charlie's lair again problematic. It just goes to show that I would never know who, or what, to trust on this planet. I waved a hand when all the men in the room eyed me like I was going to puke - which I was precariously close to doing. "Keep playing. I'm fine."

Stiller grumbled quietly, "You're a terrible liar."

I shuddered, my mind still reeling over a Lavano's reproduction processes, and then motioned again with my hand. "Perhaps I am, but it's much better playing Charades than thinking about a revolting creature like that." And what could have happened to me.

Pluma Moir watched my hooded gaze a moment longer, but then he nodded. "True enough." He set the halo-clicker for the countdown. "This is much better than that."

Not to mention, I was feeling a hell of a lot better now that I wore the Solo over my Cold Mark. It had only been on for three hours, but it was working wonders. All the pain I had felt was gone. My moods swings from the pain had diminished. I felt like me again. It was a damn miracle of inventions. The last thing that I wanted was to think about my 'friend' Charlie giving me as a 'present' to his lady-bug-friend. That was bone-crunching gross.

Buzz. Buzz. Buzz.

My eyes flew open, instantly alert at the new, lively noise. I surveyed the parlor where I had fallen asleep while sitting on the couch and watching a flicker show. Jax's head was resting on my lap, while his feet rested on Stiller's thighs. Stiller had slumped slightly, so his head of rumpled hair was resting on my shoulder. Both were completely out, snoring softly in the subdued light.

I stayed quiet when both Plumas streamed from the kitchen into the parlor. They moved on silent feet until they stopped in front of the halo-screen. Someone was calling them.

Pluma Creo glanced over his shoulder and stared directly into my eyes. He knew I wasn't asleep. "I need you to stay silent while we speak with your Vaq." He raised a white brow when my expression went completely blank. "Can you do that, Ms. Valorn?"

I nodded once, my stomach rolling with unease. I still whispered, "I don't want to go back to them." Please don't make me.

His crystal blue, gleaming eyes narrowed. "What did they do to you?"

I snapped my mouth shut. They wouldn't understand. They would think me childish.

Pluma Moir ground his teeth together, but when he spoke it was gentle. "We'll need to know eventually, Ms. Valorn. You will have to tell us." He shook his white, long hair back behind his shoulders, showing the tops of his pointed ears in sharp relief. "Earlier, Killeg didn't lie. Mian cherish females. The fact you are Human doesn't change this - as long as you live on our planet. We will protect you, rather than negotiate, if we feel it's warranted."

That was the problem. My pain was a matter of the heart, not a physical ailment from my Vaq. It definitely wouldn't warrant their protection; shelter that could possibly start even more conflict for the east and the west. I sighed heavily when the halo-screen buzzed again. "It's not anything to start a war over."

Stiller woke abruptly at the noise, and sat up slowly, staying mute as he ran his fingers through his purple hair. Gently, he placed a caring hand on Jax's feet, merely observing us in the quiet.

As one, both Plumas nodded. They had truly listened to me.

It was at that moment...that I learned to respect a Mian. No questions. Just action.

I tried not to let the surprise show on my features, even if I may have squirmed a bit on the cushion. I lowered my eyelids to half-mast, and watched what their next move would be.

It was the right one.

Without another word, Pluma Creo tapped his finger on the halo-screen.

The litigator I had first seen, the first Mian I had ever seen in person, appeared on screen. He was wearing his black robe once more, the one with a symbol of Triaz, rather than the west, where his tattooed mark indicated he was from. It was interesting to know that these Plumas had said they trusted him, since he wasn't originally from their land. His piercing blue eyes took in the two Plumas in front of the screen, and further into the room, peering directly at me, then Jax, and last Stiller. His gaze swung back to the Plumas, and speaking evenly, he stated, "Plumas, I see you have what Pluma Kreob and Pluma Wazra are seeking. I'll put you through directly." With a regal bow of his head, he pressed a button.

The view promptly altered to Malik and Leo, where they sat side-by-side.

My chest instantly ached, a tightening that had tears threatening to burn my eyes.

I missed them. I knew that much to be true when their piercing silver, and golden, eyes darted past Pluma Creo and Pluma Moir, landing directly on me. Their reaction was physical. Their tense shoulders grew even more rigid, the coolness to their eyes fell even more hollow, and while Malik's hands fisted on top of the table, Leo's lips thinned so much lines could be seen bracketing his mouth.

Yes...I missed them.

But it still didn't mean I wanted to run back to them with open arms.

"Braita..." Malik sat forward, his silver gaze darting over my face. "Are you all right?"

"She is well taken care of, Pluma Wazra," Pluma Moir stated with frost coating his tone, his interruption making sure I kept my word and didn't speak. "Though, I do find it curious that she was not all right under your care - enough for her to risk her life to escape in search of Mr. Waterston."

Leo fixed the Plumas with a ruthless glare. "What occurred between our Soul and ourselves is none of your concern." His gaze flicked back toward me, holding my empty stare. His words were instantly light, intimate, ignoring everyone else. "Braita...we want you to come home. We can work this out. If you would just listen to us-"

"Silence," Pluma Creo growled so low I almost missed it, cutting off Leo's heartfelt words. "Ms. Valorn is under our care right now. She may be your Soul, but she is ours for the time being." I tried not to flinch at the menace I heard in the undertones of his voice, a true predator peeking out that he had not shown me before. "Until we find out what the hell is going on - and we mean the truth - we will not allow a female to be harmed. As is our law."

Fuck Mother Joyal. I should have brushed up on their damned laws.

Still, I kept my silence, trying to keep all emotions from my features...even while I gripped the cushion I sat on with a white knuckled grip and my heart beat so heavily it pounded in my ears, almost deafening me. I would not allow my Vaq to see how much their deception had harmed me.

Malik jerked from his chair, and leaned over the table on fist hands. "You would dare to keep her from us?"

"Yes," Pluma Moir answered evenly, not cowed by the death in Malik's eyes. Both his white brows lifted. "She ran from the two of you."

Pluma Creo tilted his head, and tapped his lips, before snapping his fingers in the air. "Oh, yes. This seems to be important as well." His lips curved into a brutal smile. It was a grin of the heartless, a whole different side to this Pluma...the botanist in his free time. "Ms. Valorn doesn't want to return to you. Whatever has happened, we need to know before we even consider bringing her back to you - for whatever slight chance of reconciliation there might be."

The hush on my Vaq's end was unnerving. The way they stared at the Plumas guarding me. The silence in their gaze as they glanced at Jax's still sleeping form, his head like dead weight on my lap. The assessing nature of Stiller sitting near me with a hand on Jax's feet. Then the quiet contemplation as their gazes returned to the Plumas who were wordlessly waiting for their response.

Leo gradually lifted his hand, and rested it on Malik's shoulder, slowly pulling him back down to sit on his chair. He cracked his neck both ways, then steepled his hands on the table, and put the coldest of smiles on his face, glancing between the Plumas watching them. "And here I thought we would be squabbling over that piece of land you've always wanted."

Pluma Moir shrugged one shoulder. "If we return her to you, we do expect the piece of property directly north of Center to become the land of the east."

Leo chuckled quietly. "I wouldn't assume any less." His gaze flicked back to me, holding my hardened eyes for a long moment, before he cleared his throat and focused on the Plumas once more. He crossed his arms and leaned back on his seat. "We want our Soul. We'll explain."

I sucked in a breath, ready to stop them from speaking so openly, but Jax's hand on my knee squeezed suddenly. I didn't glance down at my not-so-much-sleeping best friend. I held my tongue though. I didn't speak when I wished to. Perhaps...it was for the best if I ever wanted these Plumas to release me.

Not peering in my direction, Malik stated in the calmest tone, "Braita walked in on Leo and me having sex." He scratched his chin absently in the dead silence. "She didn't know that we were intimate, and that we cared for each other in such a way. We believe it not only came as a shock to her, but that she felt betrayed. It was worse than what most Harems worry about when their Vaq are romantically involved - their anxiety of being left behind." He leaned his head back, swallowing heavily, and stared at the ceiling. "Her expression when she found us..."

Leo sighed heavily and uncrossed his arms, rubbing his face roughly, the first crack in his collected composure. "The three of us were just beginning our relationship. She has fragile ideals of what should be, and what should not be. Malik and I didn't want to overload her, so we kept our relationship a secret. For the exact reason why most Vaq lie about it to their Harem until they believe they trust them enough not to leave them." He ran his fingers through his golden hair, appearing tired. "We now know that we should have been more forthright and not deceived her - even if we were doing it out of protection for her delicate sensibilities."

I swallowed heavily and blinked repeatedly as my throat started to swell with the effort to bawl as a child does. They were right. Everything they said was exactly the truth. Too bad it was too little, too late. I just...I just didn't know if I could ever trust them again.

In the descending quiet, Pluma Creo coughed softly. "Well, now I know why you didn't wish to speak about it with us around, and why she did not." He...actually...bowed his head ever so slightly. "You've managed to keep that a secret for far longer than what most Vaq manage."

"Eh." Pluma Moir teetered his head. "I had wondered since they have no Harem."

Leo interjected evenly, "Just because Malik and I love each other romantically, it doesn't mean that we can't have the same feelings for our Soul. As many in our circumstances do." His eyes darted past the Plumas, landing directly on me. His piercing golden gaze was pleading. "Braita, you didn't even give us a proper chance to know one another-"

"How could I have known either one of you when you both started it with a lie?" I growled, my anger and depression straining my voice, no longer able to be quiet. I squirmed out from under Jax, even when he tried to restrain me. I charged right at the halo-screen. Standing directly between two mute Plumas, I pointed a sharp finger at my Vaq, barely managing to keep from crying. "You two wrecked what was starting to feel like a true home for me on this crazy planet. I am alone here, and all I had was the two of you. I was supposed to be special to you, someone you allow inside, someone you were honest with, not some damn toy that you handle with delicate care. I would have eventually understood if you just would have told the truth from the start. Instead, I had to literally walk in on your lie!"

I heaved in a large lungful of air, and shook my hands at them. "How the hell do you come back from that?" Sucking more oxygen, I hissed harshly, "Plus, you two don't truly need me in your lives. You just need me near you. You have each other for love." The undying kind. I had seen it in their eyes. "And no thanks to the two of you, I now know what a Soul does for a Vaq."

Malik was now staring directly at me. His nostrils flared, and he stated coolly, "Braita, you need to calm down. We need to have a civil conversation, and you're acting child-"

"Childish?" I asked with eyes wide. I snorted, and pointed at myself. "The way I am acting is justified. You both pretended as if I were the one for you, when instead, you truly only loved one another. You were just testing the waters - without informing me - to see if you could find a place somewhere in your heart for me. I acted in the best way I knew how when confronted with the fact that I was just a damn lab rat in your unending maze." I stared him down. "I got the hell away from the both of you."

Malik leaned forward, fury beginning to enter his eyes, but Leo slammed his hand down on his shoulder. Leo glanced at him once in warning, then turned his attention to me. His tone was soothing, like he was trying to entice a cloned-doe. "Braita, I think we're done with this conversation for now. When you come back, we can talk about this in private-"

"Oh!" I lifted a finger into the air, stopping his condescending words. "Why didn't the two of you ever gift me a Solo?" When both remained mute, their expression carefully shifting to neutral, I laughed as a new hurt smashed against my chest. Another deception. "That's what I thought. You wanted me to need you. You would rather I be in pain when you two were gone during your meetings outside of the fortress than give me the freedom to decide about you." I leaned forward, and whispered conspiratorially - in English, so they would know I wasn't fumbling their language, "You see, Oh Great Cows, that was a wrong move."

The resounding silence...was immense.

No one moved. No one blinked. Everyone, besides me, appeared to be stunned at my words.

Take that, Cows.

Pluma Creo recovered the fastest, gently sliding a step in front of me, effectively cutting off my view of my Vaq. He stated softly, "Now that we know the situation, Phila and I will talk amongst ourselves, and Ms. Valorn will remain safe under our care. We'll get back with you in a days' time." He lifted his hand, and touched the screen with one finger...and it went black. The call ended.

I growled under my breath, my hands even shaking in my continued fury. "Those bastards."

No one glanced at me. They still stayed motionless.

Jax cleared his throat from the couch. "Don't you mean cows?"

"That too."

Pluma Moir snorted. Covered his mouth with a fist.

And then, he bellowed with the deepest laughter, the sound vibrating my left eardrum.

"Laugh it up," I grumbled. As one, each person started following Pluma Moir's lead, snorting and choking on their hilarity. I huffed and walked toward the kitchen - to the Plumas' bedroom. I hissed over my shoulder, "I'm going to bed, and I do not want to be handcuffed tonight!" I shook my hands in the air as their laughter only became louder. "And don't worry your pretty, ego-filled heads too much. I'm not planning to find your control panel to escape. Not tonight, anyway."

I couldn't sleep. Instead, I stared up at the white curved ceiling while I lay on the softest mattress between two Plumas...who were not my Plumas. Though they did smell wonderful. Each had taken a shower before crawling into bed. While I was still fuming with righteous - and confused - anger, they had tossed their pillows to the foot of the bed and lain down on either side of me, not saying a word, just giving me the space I had so desperately needed...but also the warmth that, at least, kept my body from being just as frigid as my thoughts.

They weren't sleeping, even though it had been two hours since the sun had risen.

The Plumas were quiet. Silent predators. I had seen that much tonight.

But I had also experienced their honesty while in their 'care.' I needed more of it.

Carefully, I lifted my right hand from my stomach and placed it on Pluma Moir's.

I touched him.

Lying on his side facing me, he didn't move as I raised his hand above my head to stare at his three rings. His arm was heavy with muscle, so much so, that I used my other hand to hold his arm steady. A soft shimmer of a glow shined upon the right side of my face when he opened his eyes to stare as I turned the ring on his thumb again and again.

Gently, I whispered, "What do these rings do?" He and Pluma Creo had three in their Harem. My stomach twisted as an unfamiliar emotion burned my gut, but I pushed it aside quickly. I wanted answers, and they would give it to me. "Stiller said the rings allow Vaq to feel their women's emotion, but what else do they do?"

Just as quietly, he answered me. Truthful once again. "These rings also allow me to find my Harem. Their exact location. It's a homing device made to protect the women."

"That's all?"

"Yes."

"Can they the rings be replaced for the woman?"

"No. Once the mark is given, only those rings will work."

That might be an issue at some point.

Pinching my lips, I continued twirling the ring on his thumb. "How old are you?"

He paused at this question, but quickly cleared his throat. "Twenty-seven."

"Pluma Creo?"

Instantly, the left side of my face gleamed as Pluma Creo opened his eyes, also lying on his side, facing me. He responded smoothly, "I'm also twenty-seven."

My fingers stilled in their action. "Your father was busy."

"Yes, he was," Pluma Moir answered when Pluma Creo did not. His tone was hard edged, indicating the topic was off limits. "Our father, one of the previous Plumas of the east, is not spoken of anymore."

My brows rose, and I ignored the warning. "Ever?"

Instant. "No."

"Is he still alive?"

Pluma Creo did speak then. Harshly. "Fuck no. That bastard died when my mother killed Phila's mother, who was his Soul."

My jaw dropped. I couldn't even... "Oh...um...that sounds complicated." Understatement.

"It was," Pluma Moir grumbled, taking his hand back from mine and resting it under his pillow.

"Hmm." I cleared my throat. "Which one of you is the true heir to-"

"I am," Pluma Moir growled, done with this line of questioning. He leaned up on his arms, placing his face over mine. His white, long hair draped over one of his shoulders, soft as silk as it brushed my face, but it didn't lessen the ferocity in his demeanor. "Enough, Ms. Valorn."

"Okay, okay," I mumbled, sighing heavily. I peered at his forehead. Stared there. It was easier to view than his daunting gaze. I needed to sweeten both of them up a bit. "You can quit calling me Ms. Valorn. My name's Braita. Feel free to use it."

Pluma Moir didn't lower back to the bed. Instead, he continued to stare down at me. Though, his tone did change. It became lighter. More accepting. And definitely more formal. "Thank you, Braita. You may call us Phila and Killeg, as well." Until his lips twitched, and he bent his head down just an inch further...and teased. "What do you really wish to know, Braita?"

I glanced down once to his mouth, seeing the handsome smirk there, then back up to his forehead. I tried not to scowl too much being caught. "Phila, how old are my Vaq?"

He tilted his head, causing his hair to brush my cheek again. "They are both twenty-five."

My brows slammed together. "Is that like a 'thing?' Vaq being the same age?"

"Yes," Killeg answered, sitting up slightly to crook an elbow and rest the side of his head on a fist. "All Vaq are the same age." He stared pointedly. "As is their Soul."

Turning my head to focus on Killeg, I brushed Phila's hair off my shoulder when it tickled. "That is interesting. Stiller also appears to be about the same age as you two. So it seems that when Humans and Mian are linked, they don't follow that same rule?"

He nodded his head, his white, choppy hair in normal disarray about his head. "It would appear that way." His captivating blue gaze never left mine. "Get to what you really want to ask, Braita. Perhaps then we may get some sleep this day."

Almost there. "What did Malik mean about Vaq who are in an intimate relationship normally waiting to tell their Harem about it?"

Killeg raised a brow, knowing I was still deflecting, but he kindly answered, "A Harem is under a Vaq's protection. If they worry that their Vaq love each other more than they love them, then they fear that their Vaq might one day leave them. It is rare that it happens, but it has. So normally a Vaq pair will wait to prove they are men of their word before indicating they are sexually involved."

I huffed softly. "That's bullshit."

"Possibly." He didn't argue.

Turning my attention to stare between them, up at the ceiling once more, I asked my true question. The one I needed to know. I tried not to sweat. "Are you going to send me back to them?"

From the corner of my eye, I saw Phila's lips curve into a slow grin. "About time." My gaze swung to his. I scowled in the wake of his inflated ego. He merely smirked further, but his words were calm, though set in steel, as he dealt out my fate. "We are. They have done nothing legally wrong. We won't start a war over a misunderstanding."

Killeg added steadily, "But we will be going with you. We'll require that we meet at Center, where Mian from the east and the west are both allowed. It's where you first landed here on Triaz." He winked...and my stomach fluttered. It wasn't nervousness of seeing my Vaq again that had me holding my breath either. He whispered softly, "Even though we won't start a war over a misunderstanding, we aren't entirely sure that we're ready to give you up so easily. Especially if your heart does not belong to them yet."

My eyes widened, and I inhaled harshly. "Oh, that's really not a great idea."

"We think it is," Killeg replied, a mischievous flicker entering his gaze.

I froze when he blurred, and his lips were suddenly on mine.

This...kiss...was nothing like when Jax mouth had brushed mine.

I didn't move.

Not at first.

His plump lips glided over mine. Repeatedly. Just waiting for the moment--

I couldn't stop myself. I lifted my hands into his chaotic hair and gripped tight. This may not be the Human way, but I sure as hell didn't live on Joyal any longer. And his lips were like the candied treats I was occasionally given as a child. I wanted more.

Uncaring that I didn't completely understand what I was doing in the art of kissing, I hungered for his embrace. He grinned as I moaned loudly and pressed my lips harder against his, stroking his mouth just as demanding as he was mine. Killeg's tongue slipped inside my mouth, massaging against mine, and I shuddered as heat unfurled between my thighs.

Though I grunted in surprise when Phila gripped my dark hair and yanked my face away from Killeg's. In my lust filled haze, I blinked. "What-"

Phila stopped my words as he bit my lower lip.

Oh, Mother Joyal.

I moaned as he laved over my lip with his slick tongue...before his mouth devoured mine.

I had to be in some kind of paradise, not a demented alien planet. Nothing was supposed to feel this good. It really wasn't. There was no way...and it was. I arched up against Phila and ran my fingers through his silken long hair.

More. I needed more of them.

Then they were gone. Literally. Both gone from the bed. Only a breeze left to indicate they had been there in the first place.

I shook my head rapidly. It was so damn hard to focus. But I spotted them across the room by the door leading out of their quarters. Huh?

Phila ran a hand through his long hair, his chest still heaving. His tone was the glorified growl of a man left wanting. "Not yet, Braita. You haven't decided yet about your Vaq."

With that, Killeg opened the door. He wasn't in any better shape, his cheeks flushed with color as his eyes bore into mine. "We'll sleep on the couch today."

They both exited the room...leaving me more confused than I had ever been.

'Awkward' didn't even begin to explain how I felt leaving their room the next evening for breakfast. My palms were damp, and my cheeks burned fiercely. Everyone was in the kitchen while Jax cooked us breakfast, and they only person I even dared to glance at was Stiller.

That was the wrong move. Too late I had forgotten the Mian had supreme hearing. By the way he was silently evaluating me, and his Plumas, he had heard everything. By a small blessing, he said nothing to me as he sipped on his water, just continuing to watch me silently.

Jax hadn't even peered at me yet. He pointed absently with a spatula toward the far white cabinet. "Braita, can you get two plates. Our eggs are almost done."

Moving on auto-pilot, I did as he asked.I was surprised when I started to walk behind him and he slipped a small piece of paper into my left hand. Keeping my head down, I didn't alter my course to where the utensils were. Discreetly as I opened the small drawer, I tucked the paper into the sweatpants of Killeg's I was wearing.

Jax and I finished serving up our breakfast and sat at the counter while the Plumas sipped on coffee, completely ignoring me, as they started up a conversation with Stiller. I had no sooner breathed a small sigh of relief when Phila glanced in our direction, and asked evenly, "Braita, would you like to stop by the Lavano's lair where you hid your rings before we depart for Center?"

I choked on the large mouthful of pancake. Coughing, I grabbed Stiller's water bottle off the counter and started chugging it. Eyes wide, my gaze caught on Phila's. "How did you know?" It came out a garbled sputter, but he understood me.

He snorted softly, no indication in his gaze of what happened the day before between us. There was only a steady calculation in his regard as he watched me wipe my mouth off with my sleeve. "As Stiller has stated twice already, you are a dreadful liar." His head teetered in thought. "Plus, you reeked of a Lavano when we first captured you."

Killeg chuckled softly, but he kept quiet. Just...watching me.

I found the willpower to glare. "No, I don't want to stop before we go to Center." I was not about to allow just anyone to have rings that could indicate my emotions and track me down like an animal. "When will we be going to Center?"

Killeg answered calmly, "With no stops, we will land there near midnight."

Instantly irritated, I raised one brow. "Then my Vaq know you are bringing me to them?"

"Yes, we contacted them an hour ago."

"Lovely," I growled. I was no longer nervous. Instead, I was just irritated at the Plumas staring at me with unwavering perseverance. "This is not what I want."

Killeg shrugged one shoulder. Took another sip of his coffee. "The three of you need to figure your shit out."

Ah...and there was the look I had feared. Possessiveness creeping beneath his lashes.

"I'm not hungry anymore," I mumbled quickly. Tossing my fork down, I stood and headed straight for their bedroom. "No one come in here, please. I'll be taking a shower."

Swiftly shutting the door, I exhaled heavily. A few times. Shoving myself even farther away from the Plumas who had lit a fire within me that I didn't even know existed, I stalked into the bathroom. Towel in hand, I started the shower. It was when I was undressing that the note Jax had given me fluttered to the white tiling. Feeling guilty for forgetting about it, I quickly picked it up and viewed its contents.

It read: I wasn't sent to Triaz for the reasons you think. If you wish to escape, be ready.

I stared as I froze in place.

I read it again. And again.

I had no clue what he meant...but I knew that, yes, I would be ready.

