Chapter One

"Ladies, gentlemen and beings of the appropriate sexual persuasion... He's big, he's bad and he's totally sexy... For your viewing pleasure, let me introduce... Johnny Ram as the Aries 7000!"

The announcer's voice was drowned out by the heavy beat that filled the air. Johnathon Howe, Johnny Ram to the screaming fans on the other side of the curtain, stood motionless in the close darkness and let the opening bars of the music wash over him. Then the curtains swished back, the lights snapped on and he jerked his head up.

Showtime.

The crowd went wild as he strutted onto the stage. Every inch of his tall, muscled form was oiled down, pigment added to give his skin a metallic, bronzed sheen. Naked to the waist, he wore black combats and heavy boots, the webbing straps of an adapted tactical-rig across his shoulders. It wasn't there to do anything another other than highlight the width of his shoulders and frame the muscled perfection of his chest, bars glinting in both n**ples.

"Johnny. Johnny. Johnny!"

The crowd chanted as he reached the front of the raised stage. Hands linked behind his back in the classic military "at-ease" posture and h*ps thrust arrogantly forward, he kept his expression impassive as he scanned the room.

With the lights in his face he couldn't see a damn thing, but he didn't let that stop him from looking like he could see each and every member of the audience. He'd been told the marks liked that. Liked the personal connection they felt with him. Amusement pulled at his lips. If they knew the truth, they sure as hell wouldn't want any kind of personal connection.

He reached the end of his turn and jerked his chin to a stop mechanically, playing up the part of a cyborg as he stiffly turned his head again. Painted on his cheek, just under his eye, was the letter and number sequence associated with cyborgs. Outlawed and listed as highly dangerous, the authorities warned members of the public not to approach anyone they suspected of being one, but to report them instead.

So far, he'd been reported fifty-three times. And so far, the authorities had pissed their pants laughing every one of those fifty-three times, informing the complainants that there was a difference between reality and fantasy and that Johnny Ram was a stripper. Just a stripper.

God, he loved the stupidity of the average cop.

In a blur of movement, he pulled the replica pistol from the holster at his hip and aimed it into the audience. The laser pointer stabbed a thin red line into the smoky darkness, drawing a collective coo from the crowd. Eyes adjusted to the dim light conditions, he caught movement in his peripheral vision and hid his grin as a woman slid off her seat and into a little heap on the floor. Instantly the staff were on hand to deal with her. Another fainter. What was it about women and bad boys?

Looking forward again, Johnny froze and waited for the music to change. The beat came in with a thud that reverberated through his body, the bump and grind music cranked up to the max. Surging into movement as the lights rotated over him, he dropped the stiff movements and slickly re-holstered the fake pistol.

Arms up over his head, he rolled and thrust his hips, tensing his abs into a tight washboard that brought gasps of appreciation. Working the crowd, he moved around the stage in the same routine he'd danced every Saturday night for the last year. Whoops and hollers told him at least some of the audience had seen the show before and knew they were just getting warmed up for the main event.

A swift grin split his lips as he turned and looked over his shoulder, a practiced, arrogant look on his face. The sort of look he'd been told got women hot, thinking of how bad he could be to them, for them and with them. Closing everything else out, he concentrated on the music as he displayed his body for the paying customers.

He knew he looked good. The mirrors dotted around the stage threw his reflection back at him. Tall at well over six foot, his broad shoulders extended into well-muscled arms and flowed down into a hard abdomen, narrow waist and into lean hips, then heavily muscled thighs. His skin gleamed with the metallic oil of his costume. Ripped, he thought absently. He looked like one of those image-obsessed lifters who spent all their time in the gym to maintain their physiques.

They'd be pissed if they knew he hadn't been near a gym for months. He'd say his body was natural, but that would be a lie. Unless it was created in a lab and under the knife, he was so far from natural it was unreal.

He was Johnny Ram, stripper extraordinaire, known across three systems for his sexy cyborg stripper act, but it wasn't talent or a love of the gym that made him look the way he did. He'd been designed to look this way and to do a hell of a lot more than dance on a stage for the delight of all the lovely ladies around him. And he knew they were lovely, all women were in his eyes.

He danced every weekend, in public view, as the ultimate revenge for the hand life had thrown at him. His lips quirked as he moved. After all, who would expect a real cyborg on stage pretending to be one?

He slid between the mirrors, using them to cast more images of his gyrating body, much to the delight of the crowd as he performed a series of hip thrusts, his fists bunched at the side of his hips. A pair of pink panties flew through the air and brushed his shoulder. With near inhuman speed, he snatched them out of the air, blew a kiss at the woman who'd thrown them and slid them into his pocket with a suggestive look.

Thud. Another one hit the deck.

The music switched again. With a hop, he reverted to the stiff movements and marched down the center of the stage. Without appearing to, he scanned the occupants of the room, looking for one particular face. She had to be here, she was always here. Every three weeks, on the dot, so regular he could set an internal chronometer by her. He knew. He had.

There. By the door. The tension he hadn't realized he'd been carrying drained out of him on his next breath as he allowed his gaze to wander over her. Petite, with an abundance of curves that made him rejoice that he was male, and long dark hair, she wasn't dressed like most marks. Not for her the tarty outfits, or heavy makeup. Instead, she wore comfortable cargo pants and a t-shirt that molded itself lovingly to her br**sts.

Johnny shuddered as he clumped down the steps at the front of the stage for his crowd walk around. He'd never wanted to be a t-shirt so much in his life.

Hands stroked at him as he stalked through the tables, keeping in his cyborg persona. Cold, calculating, inhuman killer. That was how his kind were portrayed. Which was as weird as fuck, because the act sure seemed to get the ladies hot, if the amount of room keys and comm codes on cards shoved down his pants were any indication. He didn't mind, unless they shoved them down the crack of his ass. Paper cuts hurt like a bitch.

Keeping her in the corner of his eye, he worked the crowd. He stopped at one table in cyborg mode and let the occupants stroke their hands over him. One grabbed his crotch, squeezing his balls, and got his attention. Still "in character", the cold look he shot her made her visibly shiver and release him. Jerking his head up, he moved on, the women around him falling away like water as he marched...no, stalked...toward the only woman in here he really wanted to touch him.

Oh god, please don't let her be too late.

Milly Locke hit the doors of the Saturn lounge at a run, her heart in her throat at the thought she might be late and miss the show. As soon as she'd hit the station this afternoon, things had gone wrong for her. The dockmaster had wanted to go through her shipment crate by crate, refueling had been a bitch and worst of all, her rat bastard ex had called. The resulting argument had made her late.

She needn't have worried. As soon as she shoved open the heavy door and stepped inside, the smoky darkness wrapped around her like a warm, slightly wet blanket. From the noise and myriad perfumes that assaulted her, the place was packed to the rafters. Her t-shirt instantly felt grubby as it stuck to her back.

Great, just what she needed, sweaty before she'd gotten an eyeful of the hunk she'd come to see.

Sliding into a seat near the door, she thumbed the automatic waiter in the middle of the table, ordering and paying for her drink in one go. Since she only had one option on record-vodka and lime-she didn't have to pay attention to the little screen and could concentrate on the stage. And she had every reason to need to pay attention to the stage.

Johnny was already on it and dancing. No, not dancing. He was in the "machine" part of his act, playing a cyborg as he marched down the steps at the front and into the crowd. She loved this act. She'd seen them all, but this one was her favorite. With his big, sexy body and a face that wouldn't look out of place in an art gallery or p*rn vid, the idea of him being a killer cyborg was laughable.

She nibbled her lip, nodding her thanks absently to the android waiter who brought her drink and concentrated on the man walking through the tables again. It was freaking hot, though. She fought back a shiver as he stood in front of a table and let the women there caress him, one even going so far as to cup his crotch. The look he shot her sent excitement sizzling from Milly's head all the way down to her toes. What was it about such a bad boy that turned her on?

She gulped some of the drink, feeling the alcohol burn all the way down to her toes. The good stuff. She should know, she'd run this shipment from Helias Minor for the Saturn and other establishments on the station herself. It wasn't watered down either, giving it that extra kick that warmed her through as she looked up.

And met Johnny Ram's eyes.

Fuck, he was coming her way!

Panic and excitement hummed through her in equal measures as the stripper made a beeline for her table, his face set with determination. Unable to move, unable to look away, she was caught by his gaze as he approached.

Why had she ever thought his act was cold? There was enough heat in his eyes-green-gold she knew from her secret fan-girl poring over the holos of him available in the public-access databases-to power a station sub-reactor. She swallowed again, the movement making a dry "clack" in her throat, and managed to drag her gaze down his body.

A slab of a chest, gleaming with oil. The silver glint of bars in his n**ples teased her. Washboard stomach. Stomach tattoo. The suggestion of hair in a tight vee just above the fastener of his low-slung pants.

A whimper broke from her throat. All she wanted to do was slide to her knees and trace that treasure trail over his skin with her tongue. Unbutton the pants and follow it down.

Heat exploded through her lower body, sliding from her p**sy to soak her panties as she pressed her thighs together. Fuck, she was a slut. Hot and wet from just looking at him. She needed help. Professional help. Months of it. Years probably.

He slammed his hands down on the table in front of her, seamlessly switching his "character" as the music changed back to the beat that reminded her of sex. Rhythmic beat, hard on the bass. Dum-dum-dum-dum. His fingers steepled as he braced over the low table, his gaze locked on hers as he thrust his hips, air-f**king the table right in front of her.

All she could think about was being on that table, legs spread as he took her in feral need. Hot and hard, thick c*ck powering in and out of her as he took what he wanted. Pin her up, tie her down, she didn't care. She'd let him do whatever he wanted. Do her however he wanted. Perhaps he'd even want to play dressed up as a cyborg, role-playing the ultimate dominant lover.

Whoops and hollers around them brought her back to the present as he stood and grabbed the front of his pants. With a sexy sway of his hips, he teased them all with the possibility he might take them off. Heat washed through her in an unstoppable torrent. He had a gorgeous ass. Firm and muscled, it begged to be grabbed, a woman's fingers digging in as he powered into her. Crap, there she was, right back to sex again.

He reached out a hand in a silent order, his eyes daring her to take it. Her heart stalled, hot and cold chills chasing each other over her skin as catcalls and orders were bellowed from the darkness around them. They faded into the background as she looked at him, the world narrowing down to the confines of the spotlight trained on them, the music and the man dancing in front of her.

Confusion filled her. Why her? She was short, fat and not exactly dressed like any of the sex kittens who thronged the tables near the stage. Yet here he was, Johnny Ram, as large as life and twice as sexy, and he was dancing in front of her with that "come be bad with me" expression on his face.

In with both feet...

Before she could think and decide this was a bad idea, she put her hand in his and allowed him to haul her to her feet. He didn't drag her all the way up against that ripped, oiled body, just halfway, more was the pity. She'd happily get covered in that bronze stuff for the chance to feel those hard muscles pressed against her. Hell, she'd never wash her clothes again. Just keep them hidden in her room and take them out to sniff whenever she had a crazed fan-girl moment.

Strong fingers wrapped around her wrist and pulled her arm out as he claimed the other with his free hand and did the same, dancing close to her. His eyelids dropped, hooding his eyes. She was so close she could see the numbers drawn on his cheek were beginning to run a little at the bottom, the ink feathering out over the pores of his skin, and that he had a tiny scar at the corner of his lip. Heat pooled in her cunt as the need to lick it pushed all other thoughts out of her head.

"Have dinner with me," he whispered in her ear as he turned them and pinned her between him and the table. Hard hands urged her back so she was sitting on it, legs spread so he could dance between them. She swallowed convulsively. Asleep, she had to be asleep. Yeah, that was it. She was asleep. Because in her reality, sexy as sin men like Johnny Ram did not ask women like her to dinner.

"Wha...?" she managed to croak, her ability to frame a coherent sentence stolen as he urged her back, bracing himself over the table and doing the air-fuck thing again. Right over her. Almost touching her. The heat of his body beat at hers despite the thin fabric of her t-shirt. She couldn't even think of what was going on further south, her brain shorting out at the fact she had Johnny Ram between her thighs.

"Dinner. Tonight."

He had her wrists again, pinning them over her head. Using the movement to cover what he was doing, he swept his thumb over her wrist mounted data strip. The thing bleeped as it registered his comm details.

"You. Me."

He hauled her upright, beefy arms holding her in a close embrace that managed to keep a couple of inches between their bodies as required by law for a public performance.

"Say yes," he ordered, pinning her with that green-gold gaze. Heat filled his eyes, the instant response licking her skin with flames of need.

"I..." she shook her head as he stepped back, staggering a little as a sense of loss filled her. Instantly she missed the feeling of his strong arms around her.

She squeaked and covered her gasp with her hand as he ripped the combats off in one quick movement. The room around them went wild, the noise almost deafening. The challenge still in his eyes he paraded in front of her, posing and posturing as the music changed to machine again.

God, he was perfection itself. The pants gone, only a small thong covered his modesty, the black fabric stretched and straining over an impressive package. Already he was hard, the thick length of his dick easily visible.

"Say yes."

A note of warning crept into his tone as he fisted the fabric of the thong, twisting it in his grip. A sense of expectation and shock filled the room. Johnny was a stripper, yes, but he never did full nude in his act. Not this way anyway. He always waited until he was on stage and whipped the thong off at the last minute when his back was to the audience, leaving them with a view of his firm ass.

Regret filled her. Milly shook her head as reality intruded. She came here to escape the cluster-fuck that was her life. Hot fantasies about a sexy man were one thing, but having dinner with a person, someone who could actually get hurt by his association with her, was another.

"No, I'm sorry..." she said as she backed up. Looking blindly around, she searched for a way to escape the women crowded around them. She shouldn't have come here. If Jason found out... Heart pounding in her chest for a very different reason, she pushed through the catcalling women, leaving the sexy-as-sin Johnny behind as she fled.

Chapter Two

Her steps hastened by panic and the adrenaline of being approached by Johnny Ram, a man she'd lusted over from afar for months, it didn't take Milly long to reach her ship and then her quarters. The door slid shut behind her and she leaned against it, every cell in her body vibrating with energy.

Despite her panic and the speed she'd put distance between herself and the club, a smile spread over her lips. He'd asked her to dinner. Johnny Ram-big, sexy Johnny Ram-had asked her to dinner. It was impossible, unbelievable, like the wolf asking a mouse to dinner. A shiver hit her. From the hot look in his eyes though, she suspected that the mouse would end up as dinner...

Heat wriggled insidiously through her, adding another wave of dampness to her panties as she pushed off from the door and flicked a glance toward the bedroom portion of her open-plan quarters. Later, she promised herself. Later she'd head on down and recover her "toy" case from her locker in the hold and spend some quality time with her battery operated friends. She sighed. But not yet. The console on the desk built into the opposite wall was blinking to notify her of unread messages so she headed that way instead. Work came first.

She pulled the desk chair free from the wall, watching and waiting as it swung out in an arc and unfolded into a full sized seat pad. Even though these were the captain's quarters, space was at a premium. Everything on board was designed to save space, to fold or slide away and make more room, even in here. Not for her the expansive and plush suites of some ship captains.

No, she got a bed built into the wall, a bubble shower enclosure and a rotating toilet which operated like a false wall in the old movies she'd watched as a kid. One moment a book shelf, press a button and hey presto, the wall turned and the ivory throne was right there. But she wouldn't trade it for the world, or several worlds. The Starflame was the last thing she had to remind her of her beloved grandfather. After spending many years in high society, the daughter-in-law of a Fleet Admiral with all the rules and protocol that made her want to scream and run nak*d through the corridors just to alleviate the sameness of everything, the ship, running cargo, represented freedom.

Sliding into the swing-out seat, she logged onto the console and waited as the comms screen opened up. The Starflame's computer core was an older model, dependable, but slow. She drummed her nails on the extenda-desk, watching the screen scroll up to the latest messages.

"Bill. Bill. Rubbish. Notification of docking. Bill. No, I do not need ocular enhancement. I'd like to keep the eyes I was born with, not have them replaced with some vat-grown monstrosities, thank you very much." She yawned as she rapidly flicked through the messages, filing or deleting them as appropriate. She reached the last and her eyes widened as she recognized the name. Why was Jason contacting her on her personal comm channel?

Her fingers shook as she tapped on the message. She'd once thought that Jason Templeton was the perfect man. Tall, blond and handsome, he'd been the epitome of charm when they'd first met. She'd told him she didn't want to date a fleet officer, but he'd worn her down. Within three months, they were married. He'd started hitting her within six, each time full of apologies, then in the next breath blaming her, twisting his words until she didn't know up from down or left from right. Convinced it was her fault and cowed by his threats, she'd stopped seeing her friends and avoided her family as she became a master at using body makeup to conceal her bruises.

It had taken her years to work up the courage to leave, squirreling a little of the money he allowed her away into a secret bank account. Her grandfather dying and leaving her the Starflame was the catalyst she needed. She'd left the same night and filed divorce papers against him.

"You little bitch!"

Jason's face appeared on screen, twisted into a familiar mask of anger. Every part of her body tensed, ready to flee. She recognized the look in his eyes, the rage and hatred a precursor to taking his frustrations out with his fists. He'd been drinking as well, the high flush on his cheeks a warning sign she'd learnt to heed.

"You're sleeping with that f**king judge, aren't you?" He was in his office, the logo on the wall behind him familiar. "Got him wrapped around your little finger so he'd do what you wanted in the hearing. Dirty little slut. How'd you do him to get the ship? On his desk while the dried up old prune was still in his robes?"

She winced, trying to hide the movement even though he couldn't see her. A habit she'd yet to break. She'd learnt never to show fear, it just made him worse. Yelling and screaming until his fists started to fly.

Taking a large swallow from the glass by his side, he leaned in as though he could see her right through the screen. "That ship is mine, bitch. For putting up with your pathetic moods during our marriage."

His lips curled into a sneer.

"After all, I need some compensation for having to f**k a frigid, barren little bitch like you. If your grandfather hadn't been who he was, you think I'd have ever bothered with you?" He laughed, the sound harsh and derisive before he turned serious and gave her a chilling look. "I want my ship, Milly, and no matter what some pansy-assed judge says, I'm going to get it."

The connections had to be bad.

Johnny paused for a moment, squinted inside the torso panel of the android he was working on, frowned and upped the magnification in his ocular implant to check the wiring out. Yeah, he was right. The cellular connections in the upper portion were badly connected which meant that the current was only getting through to the left arm of this model sporadically, making it jerk as if it was a maniacal puppet on a string. Funny, until it had thrown carrot soup over the client. What the client had a sexbot doing with carrot soup Johnny didn't want to know.

"So what was with last night?" The query was light, the voice feminine and absentminded. It was also a trap. He knew it was a trap. It didn't stop him getting sucked in.

"Last night?"

He arched an eyebrow and carried on working as his partner in crime, Cyn, plunked down on the stool next to him. She peered inside the open front of the android and grunted in approval at his neat cellular resoldering. At least he assumed the grunt was approval anyway. If he wasn't working to her standards, Cyn had no problems with slapping him around the back of the head and doing the job herself.

They were two of a kind. Both cyborgs, they'd been created in the same lab facility, "born" within days of each other and assigned to the same team on activation. So when their world had gone to shit and the fleet had issued a termination order on all of their kind, it had been natural for them to disappear and go native together.

Templeton, no... She's just a kid! The memory tried to break free as Johnny's thoughts touched on the past, but he forced it back down and concentrated on the present. Harris was dead, the rest of them were dead. There was just him and Cyn left.

"Quit the innocent act, Johnny. I know you, remember?" Her voice was amused, but with an edge he knew. She would just keep going until she got the answers she wanted. A grin twisted his lips for a second before he managed to hide it, concentrating on the work in front of him.

"No, you don't." He waggled his eyebrows suggestively. Sharing some of the same DNA, they'd never gone there and never would. They were siblings, or as close to as created beings would ever get, and he cherished that relationship.

Now they were hiding in plain sight, as Cyn called it. Him as a stripper and her as the uppermost sexbot creator this side of the Kelantrian expanse. People came from far and wide for a bot from the "House of Cyn". She had a reputation for exquisite custom creations that catered to any and all fantasies and the deactivated bots that lined the walls around them bore testament to that fact.

There was everything from an imperial slave-girl to a dominatrix clad in red and black leather, right through to the latest stars of the holo-screen. All achingly lifelike, it was as though someone had simply pressed pause on life and transported them here. They were as near to the real thing as it was possible to buy or purchase time with, Cyn's talent shining through in each and every one of them.

"Oh, get over yourself!" She grinned back and punched his shoulder. He rolled easily with the blow, the tap light despite the fact that she could have punched a hole in sheet metal if she'd wanted to. "You may have gotten all these other women convinced you're sex on legs, but I've seen you in states no woman ever wants to see a man. And you snore. Although I'm willing to admit your spinal implants are a work of genius."

He snorted. "That's only because you fitted them."

"Too right. Now tell me about the woman last night. Before I decide to lock those spinals and make you watch a marathon of Love Colony," she threatened.

A shudder streaked through his large body, shaking his shoulders. He hated that damn space soap opera. She would, he knew she would.

"Bitch."

"Don'tcha just know it." She smiled sweetly, twirling a diagnostic wand between her slender fingers. "Now spill."

Johnny sighed, he wasn't going to get out of it. He carried on working, large fingers deft despite the delicateness of his task. Although the stripping brought more than enough money to support them both, he spent most of his time in the back room here at the shop doing routine maintenance on the bots to free Cyn up for creation and development of new models.

The Krasis gladiator line had gone really well last year, still were selling well. They just needed a few more of those and they could sink all the credits they needed into a colony start up and disappear off into the wilds of space where no one cared how much metal they had inside their skins.

"Not much to tell," he finally admitted. "She's been coming into the bar for a couple of months. Never dressed up, no makeup. Always cargo pants and a t-shirt. Figure on her like..."

He whistled and traced an hour-glass shape in the air with his hands.

"Hot. I asked her to dinner. She ran out."

Grumbling in frustration, he went back to soldering. The patch job was almost done and they could put this one back into service. "That was new. Never had a woman walk out on me before. Was almost like she was scared."

He slid a sideways glance to find Cyn watching him with a peculiar look.

"What? I'm not that bad a dancer, you know. People actually pay to watch me."

"Yeah, and some people will pay to watch Sartorian slug-worms duel to the death, so don't get above yourself, lover-boy."

She grabbed a diagnostic pad from the bench when he put his tools down to check the android they were working on. She pursed her lips as the thing booted up and displayed a readout on the androids base systems. Routine stuff she didn't need to think so hard on so he wasn't surprised when she spoke again.

"It was the Aries 7000 act wasn't it? You sure you didn't scare her with the 'big, bad, killer cyborg' thing?"

Above them the android snapped its eyes open, staring blankly at the wall ahead. It was the Deloriat dancing girl model. All slender lines and tits like globes on a stick, it did nothing for him. He liked soft curves and give in his women. A little padding on the bones so he didn't have to worry about hurting them if he was a little rough or breathed on them wrong. His mystery woman from last night was his idea of perfection.

Johnny shook his head as he waited for her verdict on the work. "No, couldn't have been. She was really getting into that. Her heart rate went through the roof and pupil dilation? I lost sight of the color of her eyes at one point."

He might have lost sight of them, but it made no difference. He knew what color they were. A rich, warm brown, they reminded him of roast wayalla nuts from Feneris Three or the deep, dark color of kruss, the outer systems answer to expensive terran chocolate, in his opinion better than the original. He'd never been into food during sex, but the urge to cover her in the stuff just so he could lick it off hit him and he shuddered, c*ck hard and aching in his pants in a heartbeat.

"I need to find her."

The door chime jingled from the front room of the shop, alerting them to the fact a customer had walked in. Cyn shoved the pad into his hands.

"She's hot to trot. Close and seal while I go and deal with whoever that is." She rubbed her hands together. "Hopefully a nice fat sale so I can go buy those components I've been drooling over at Big Vinnie's."

Johnny shook his head as she disappeared through the door into the main shop. Typical Cyn. No interest in the usual female type things like flowers and chocolates. The one time he'd bought her jewelry, she'd been delighted...then broke it apart and used the stones in a jeweled bearing. He'd been pissed, but the sight of her sitting in her pj's, ruined bracelet scattered around her as she showed him the bearing excitedly had melted his heart. It wasn't her fault she wasn't like most women, she just hadn't been built that way.

It seemed his mystery woman from last night wasn't like most women either. He'd offered it to her on a plate, an offer that would have had most women at his beck and call or pinned against the wall in his dressing room as he took them hard and fast to slake the lust that surged through his body at the mere thought of her.

"Sheesh, get a grip of yourself, Johnny-me-lad," he muttered as he ran a shaky hand through his hair, sending the short spikes into disarray. The way he was reacting, c*ck hard and heavy in the loose combat pants he favored off stage, anyone would think he was a Gemini, an infiltration cyborg with a predilection for honey-traps. He wasn't.

Aries 7000, the name he used in his act, was a reflection of his true nature. An Aries class, he was designed for heavy combat and demolitions and he was damn good at it. There wasn't anything he couldn't do with explosives. No building, ship or safe he couldn't crack with a little inventiveness and a shaped charge.

In his hands, demolitions became a work of art. He could parallel and string mines to bring an enemy force to their knees before they'd fired their first shot on the battlefield. Hell, give him a tea trolley and some spare time and he could take their entire command structure out while they had their morning brew.

And here he was acting like a damn randy Gemini looking for a lay. Shaking his head, Johnny shut the android's front plates, his hands under the plastic and synth-skin covered br**sts as he found and pressed down on the latches with his thumbs. To anyone watching it would look like he was copping a quick feel, but nothing could be further from the truth. The latches caught, the tiny click more felt than heard, and he twisted to pick up the sealing wand, running it down the cut in the synth that had the 'droid open from clavicle to pelvis.

"You're looking for a cyborg bot? Are you sure?"

Cyn's voice filtered through from the main shop, the tone in it making Johnny frown as he finished closing the android. Using his implants, he uplinked with it and sent it off to stand between a gladiator and a sexy secretary model.

"We don't tend to carry many like that because of the potential for panic. Yes, they really can be that lifelike. Just last week I had to recover one of my gladiator bots from the arena because the client misplaced it and the authorities thought he'd escaped."

Moving to the door, Johnny stood behind the one-way mesh, the iridescent fabric concealing his form while allowing him to see the interior of the shop clearly. Like most bot-shops, it was large, with several circular podiums dotted along the walls. Each contained an android, the wall mirrored behind them to show the product off to potential customers. Down the center of the room was a runway of sorts, its edges marked out with tiny strip lights. Every so often a model would activate and take a walk down the runway, pausing to pose before returning to its original place.

That was where Cyn had the opposition beat hands down. Her bots walked and talked like the real thing, none of the time lag or wooden movements and expressions of her competitors work as her skill with android mechanics shone through.

What astounded him was that it was just a hobby, something she'd picked up on the side while they'd been deployed in the ass end of beyond somewhere with just themselves and androids for company. The damn things always broke down, and as the squad's cybernetics expert, Cyn was the only one who'd had half a clue what to do to get them working again. It was that or dig their own latrines and they were so not going there.

"Com'on, shift that ass," he muttered as one of the dancing girls shimmied across his field of vision and blocked his view of the customer with the query. Like Cyn, his hackles had gone up at the request for a cyborg. Sure, they were well hidden through a combination of new identities, hacked from some provincial backwater planet's governmental mainframe, and Cyn's ability to replace most of their implants with shielded tech that foiled every scanner they'd come across. The worry that something new would come out that she couldn't foil, that they would be caught with their pants down, was always there in the back of his mind.

The bot moved. Johnny dragged a startled breath in.

"Shit."

There, in the center of the shop, was the woman from last night. Stunned, his gaze took in every inch of her appearance, from the dark curls piled on top of her head, secured haphazardly with a pair of chopsticks right down to the heavy boots of a dockworker. The docks...why hadn't he thought of that? The timing of her visits, her relaxed style...all the clues clicked into place. She crewed on the freighters.

He watched her carefully, scrutinizing the straightness of her bearing without getting distracted by the sexy curve of her neck revealed by the messy up-do and the direct look and firm manner she used dealing with Cyn. No, she wasn't crew. He'd bet his last credit she was an owner-operator of one of the big rigs currently on the docking ring of the station.

"So you have no androids that resemble cyborgs at all?" Her disappointment was evident as she looked about the shop. The gladiator model was on the runway and it stopped as it sensed her looking its way and posed. Johnny growled, the urge to knock its plastic teeth down the back of its throat almost getting the better of him. Hell, he had it bad if just a bot looking at her had him ready to kill it.

"Stall her." He sent to Cyn via their internal comms link. It was one of the few implants they kept active while on station. A lot of people had cyber-implants, most were medical-grade, but comms units were also common, the small implants so tiny they hardly impacted on the five percent cybernetics every citizen was allowed before they had to register as a cyber. No one wanted to do that and become a second-class citizen, so most stayed well away from the five percent.

"Hmmm...there is something...let me have a look..." Cyn's voice was pitched loud enough for him to hear as he stepped back and stripped off his shirt. "Johnny...please tell me I'm not going to regret this?"

The shirt fell to the floor as he looked at himself quickly in the full length mirror by the door. From one of the podiums, it was cracked on one side and tilted against the wall, but usable. He ran his hands through his hair and tried to tame the spikes but gave up. It would have to do. His combats were dark gray, not the quite the black he used in the show but thankfully he'd put boots on this morning, not sandals. Yeah, he could pull this off.

"When would I ever do that to you, sweetheart?"

Leaning forward he looked at his face in the mirror and concentrated. After a moment a stain appeared on his cheek, quickly solidifying into letters and numbers as he released the cellular control of the chameleon pad under his cheek. Not his number, he couldn't risk that...but a random string that would mean nothing if someone got curious enough to run it.

"You want a list? Yeah, there's something here. It's a prototype, but I'll just activate him and you can take a look," Cyn said aloud, then switched to internal communication to speak to him. "Hun, she wants to hire a sexbot...ohmygod, I just became your procurer. You owe me a day at the Starburst bar for this. I want the works. Stellar massage, their diamonite facial...oh my god, and their nebula foot bath!"

He bit back his grin as he set his movements and walked forward. Instead of pushing the one-way aside, he simply walked through it. The fabric caught on his head and shoulders, obscuring his vision for a moment before it fell away. Without looking left or right, he marched through the shop, almost body-slammed the gladiator bot and stopped by the side of the petite woman looking at him with her mouth open.

God, the things he could do with that pretty mouth. Locking the erotic thoughts away, he swiveled his head from her to Cyn. "You activated me?"

Chapter Three

Oh my f**king god.

That the shop had a cyborg model was beyond her wildest dreams, but when the prototype walked through into the shop Milly's heart almost stopped. Big, broad-shouldered and bulging with muscles, it was as if Johnny Ram himself had walked into the shop, large as life and twice as lickable.

"I have to warn you." The shop owner, Cyn, ignored the bot and carried on talking to her. "He is a prototype, so he has a few personality glitches. Bluntly put, he's a pain in the ass. All talk...don't worry. He has the usual behavioral limiters so there's no way he could hurt you actively or through inaction."

"Uh huh."

Milly was only half-listening to her as she walked a slow circle around the bot. He was perfect. Every detail, from his musculature right down to the costume he wore, was spot on. Amazement and awe for the bot creator's skill surged through her. She'd long ago learnt not to expect too much from bots, particularly ones based on celebrities. They were always that little bit off, either the eyes too close together or maybe the lips and nose not quite right. She leaned forward to stroke a finger down the bot's back. But this one was perfect, even down to the individual pores in the skin.

"Amazing. You do great work."

"Thank you. He's a bit of a project." Cyn beamed at her as Milly circled around to the front again to look up into the bot's face.

He was so freaking tall, exactly the same height as the real thing. Standing so close, she could feel the heat radiating off his skin. No surprise there, all sexbots had internal heat regulation to make them appear more human. What did surprise her was the bolt of need that speared her, arrowing down to her groin and making her p**sy clench hard.

God, just looking at him got her wet. She'd never had that before, not with a human lover and definitely never with a bot.

"How much?" she asked suddenly, her gaze flicking over the alpha-numeric sequence and wandering down his body as she looked her fill. Big shoulders, solid chest, tight abs, lean hips...oh yeah. Kneeling down, she peered at the ink on his stomach.

"More than skin deep... That's amazing. You even got the tattoo perfect."

"I bring in outside experts for the small details as and when required." Cyn shrugged.

"Just part of the whole experience. As for price... He is a prototype and he's still in learning mode. If-" She paused and considered Milly keenly. "Would you be willing to fill in a performance questionnaire? On his attitude, prowess and stamina? If you would, then you can have him for the full four days. No charge apart from the retainer. Which will, of course, be refunded to your credit line when you return him undamaged."

Free. She tapped her lips and pretended to consider the offer. Free was a damn good price. Her favorite price. She looked up to find his green-gold gaze on her, with what looked a lot like heat in them, which wasn't possible. Even though she was on her knees in front of him in what could be perceived as a sexually provocative position, no bot should react to that and get...

She couldn't resist. Her gaze flicked down, her nose on the same level as his belt buckle. The thick bar of his c*ck was easily visible straining the faded fabric.

"Experimental predictive arousal system," Cyn supplied at her gasp, amusement in her voice. "That can be a bit glitchy as well. Either that or he's just randy all the time."

He was huge. Just like Johnny.

"Can I?" Fingers going to the snaps on the bots pants, she arced an eyebrow in Cyn's direction. If she was going to be road-testing the thing, she really should check out its capabilities.

Yeah, right, the little voice in her head sneered, You just want to see what Johnny's c*ck looks like.

"Be my guest."

Cyn waved her on and busied herself with a data pad on the counter in front of her, as if the whole process of a bot's gen**als bored her to tears. Probably did, making the things, she probably saw them as a collection of parts, whereas Milly was still teetering between knowing that the thing in front of her was a bot and wanting to suspend disbelief so she could buy into the fantasy that this really was Johnny Ram. A version of him who couldn't be hurt if that a**hole Jason decided to play the a**hole.

Catching her lower lip between her teeth, she dipped her fingers beneath the waistband of the pants. The muscles in his stomach twitched at the slight brush of her fingers and she stopped, fascinated.

"Here, let me help."

His voice broke in unexpectedly, his large hands closing over hers and moving them to curl around his h*ps as he unbuckled his pants for her. She watched his hands, large and capable, as he unsnapped each fastener. Her mouth went dry as anticipation caught her in its grasp. She couldn't have looked away for all the cargo on the station.

"Told you, he's bossy. It's a personality glitch I still need to sort," Cyn commented as she peered at the pad, fingers quick as she put the hire paperwork together for Milly to take.

"He is. He's perfect."

It was perfect. Milly sat back on her heels and looked up at her big, perfect Johnny bot. Or would that be Rambot? He was bossy, but that didn't bother her. Bossy was good at the right time and place, like in the bedroom. She suppressed a shiver of excitement at the thought of bossy becoming forceful. She wasn't into the bondage gear and whatnot of the BDSM scene, but hell, did she like a guy to be take charge when it came to sex. Add in the added excitement of a bad boy and she was caught-hook, line and sinker.

A feral expression flashed across his face before it vanished, leaving her to wonder if she'd seen it at all.

"Cyborgs are not bossy," he argued, taking a small step toward her. "We are dominant and assertive. Get my c*ck out. Touch it."

"Aries 7000!" Cyn snapped. "Behave yourself."

He gave her a haughty look. "Begone, human, I am busy."

Heat pooled in Milly's lower body, scalding dampness slipping from her cunt to soak her panties. Decision made, she surged to her feet before she did something she'd regret. Like embarrass herself by sucking a bot's c*ck right there in the shop.

"I'll take him. Four days hire. Later," she said in an undertone to the Rambot. "Do yourself up."

You'll pay for that one, missy.

Personality glitch indeed. Unable to get anything through their mental link over the uproarious sound of Cyn's amusement, Johnny contented himself with giving her a hard look, both for the comments and the fact that he was now sporting a lurid pink t-shirt that had "House of Cyn" emblazoned across the chest, as he followed his mystery woman out of the shop.

Hard on her heels, he uplinked to the shop's database, pulling the rental agreement that Cyn had just input. A small grunt crossed his lips as she stopped, waiting for a group of Tralaxians to pass by, their high-pitched chatter irritating his ears. The pause gave him time to concentrate on the sexy curve of her neck, revealed by her upswept hairstyle, and the details on the form as it downloaded.

She was Milly Locke, freighter captain of the Starflame, and a human from the Tervashis colonies. Interesting, he wouldn't have put her down as a Tervashi, they normally ran to tall and blonde, the women less curvy than the brunette vixen in front of him. He scrolled through the rest of the form as she started walking again. The rest of the data was routine. The Starflame was docked at the station, and she'd added the dock number and departure code as security against his "hire". A four day hire. He knew it, she was into him. So why had she run at the club?

Intrigued, he remote linked to the station public access database, careful to conceal his tracks as Cyn had drilled into him. The last thing they needed was the authorities to work out that there were a couple of rogue cyborgs on base. The slightest hint would have the Fleet's Witchfinder General on base quicker than an Arborian speed-skater. If that happened, he and Cyn would be gone just as quick. Their cover was good, but not that good. A medical exam would quickly pick up that their implants were far more extensive than the few medical grade installs that Cyn had listed on their doctored records.

A search for Milly on the public access database got him a date of birth and the fact that she was currently single. He pursed his lips, but smiled as she cast him a look over her shoulder. Currently single. That meant she hadn't been before. Perhaps married? Separated? Either, or, she was single now and that was all he cared about. Much as he wanted to get her into bed, Johnny didn't do married women. He had some principles. Admittedly not many, but some. Not fooling around with married women was one of them, that and underage girls. He didn't do jail-bait, often had security remove them from his shows, tickets or not.

Rooting around in the record yielded no other tidbits of information. Frustration welled up. There was nothing else listed on the public access database, and without access to a secured uplink, he wasn't about to go digging. Not when he had far more interesting things in his immediate future anyway.

"Come on then, big boy. Let's get you home so I can have my wicked way with you." She flicked him another glance over her shoulder, her eyes full of heat. He bit back a groan. The smoky, sultry sound of her voice did things to his body that should be illegal, his c*ck rubbing against the fabric of his combats, desperate to be free. Since when had a woman been able to arouse him with just her voice?

Falling into step behind her like a good little bot, Johnny contented himself with watching the seductive sway of her ass and picturing it nak*d as he drove into her from behind. God, she had a fantastic ass. One he was going to spend many happy hours behind, pleasuring her and teaching her to take every inch of his long, thick c*ck in every position he could think of.

She moved quickly, walking with a purpose and drive that seemed innate. Men turned to watch her as they passed but she ignored them all. It was as though she didn't realize they were watching her, nor recognize the lust in their eyes. Johnny scowled at them, his whole stance protective and possessive to shut down any ideas they might be harboring of approaching her, then scurried after his little human like a pup on a leash.

Him, Johnny Ram, scurrying. It was laughable. Didn't she realize how attractive she was? No, attractive wasn't the word. She was way past attractive and into full on f**king gorgeous. A fact his c*ck was intent on reminding him, fully erect and fit to burst, his balls tight with the need to drive into her. Pound into her tight little p**sy until he came deep within her silken depths. God, he hoped her ship wasn't on the outer rings. There was no way he'd make it that far. He was so hard he could hammer a hole through plate steel.

"Yeah, that's cool. Thanks, Sienna." She spoke into the thin device wrapped around her wrist like a bracelet as they took a lift to the upper docking ring, a delightful little frown creasing her brow. He wanted to kiss it, distract her from whatever was causing her to frown.

He flicked a glance out through the glass sides of the lift shaft. They were all bigger freighters up here, forced to dock on the upper levels to accommodate the deep hulls rising around them like trees in a forest. Silver, green, red, purple. He couldn't see them all but, leviathan like, they made him feel tiny.

"The refuel is done and they're loading now. Should be done in a couple of hours but we couldn't get a window until Tuesday, and the clients aware of the time delay. So, don't panic. Enjoy the weekend." She slid a sideways glance at Johnny. Awareness and heat sizzled through his body all the way down to his boots, then bounced back up to tighten his balls. "I certainly intend to. Locke out."

The lift reached the top of the shaft and clunked as it moved onto the orbital track. Within seconds they were swept sideways, red, then silver hulls zipping past them until they came to rest alongside a docking hatch with purple hull-plates. Purple. It suited her. Every time she'd come to see his act, she'd been wearing something purple. A top, a wrist strap, tiny studs in her ears.

"Home, sweet, home."

Her smile hit him deep in the gut as the hatch cycled to let them into the interior of the ship. A smile that had nothing to do with anything other than happiness. Joy in being alive, joy in the moment. Joy at being with him? He hoped so. The hatch released, the hiss of the atmosphere's equalizing loud to his enhanced hearing. Extending an arm, he motioned that she should precede him.

"Ladies first."

"Such a gentleman." She walked past him and into the brightly lit airlock, Johnny hot on her heels. "I don't know what Cyn was on about with your attitude. I think you-"

He didn't give her chance to finish the sentence as he closed in. Hand hard on her shoulder, he spun her around to face him, backed her up against the cool metal of the airlock and dropped his mouth down on hers in a hard, claiming kiss.

"HhhHHmmmm."

The muffled sound of surprise degenerated into one of need and pleasure, became a purr as he ruthlessly took her lips, prizing them apart so he could thrust his tongue inside and claim the silken sweetness within. A rough groan hit him, ripped from his chest as he tangled his tongue with hers. Sliding and stroking as he pinned her smaller body between his and the bulkhead.

Large hands found her hair, the silky strands between his fingers as he plucked first one, then the second of the chopsticks from her hair. They pinged on the floor as he spread her hair out over her shoulders, letting the strands flow through his fingers in a silken cascade.

God, she tasted fantastic. Like sweet, tart lemon pie and ice-cold water. The finest strawberries and champagne. Like...his implant stopped processing similarities and he concentrated on kissing her. He teased her, tempted her with his tongue as he stroked and caressed her with hands that felt too big and coarse on her delicate curves. With another groan, he pulled her closer, his c*ck hard and heavy against her soft belly.

She was so tiny, her ample curves fitting against the solid lines and angles of his body perfectly, as though she'd been designed specifically for him. Jilan-ma. The word shimmered through his mind before he could stop it. The cyborg were a created race, designed in the image of man, but that hadn't stopped them dreaming. The fact of their creation hadn't stopped the beliefs traded in the darkness of barrack rooms at night, or the prayers whispered by some before they went into battle.

Most of it Johnny thought was utter crap, the product of wishful thinking, but one, just one, of the stories he did believe in. The one that said there was a soul mate out there, a perfect match for every cyborg. Where the belief had come from no one knew, it was just there, as though it had been implanted in them before they'd come out of the maturation tanks and been activated.

Jilan-ma. Perfect match. The words pulsed through him, winding around his soul as he bent everything in him to kissing the tiny woman in his arms.

She moaned and writhed against him as he teased her tongue into his mouth and sucked gently. He fought back the temptation to rip her clothes off and take her right there against the cool metal in full view of the open airlock. She was soft and warm, her responses so natural and immediate, that if he did, he was in danger of shooting his load there and then. Which would totally blow his cover as a premier sexbot, because there was no way she'd believe a bot would lose it and come too early. Even he wouldn't believe that, and thanks to his work in the shop, he'd seen just about every complaint the things could suffer from.

He pulled away with regret to look down at her. Arrogance ramped up to the max, he looked her up and down, allowing his gaze to linger on her full br**sts, tiny waist and the cello curve of her hips. She was beautiful, perfectly proportioned to fill his hands. Flicking his gaze back to hers, he smiled, not bothering to conceal the heat simmering within him.

"No, I'm no gentleman. Show me your quarters, little human. I'm going to f**k you until you can't see straight."

Chapter Four

Oh god, he could kiss.

Blinking the stars from her eyes, Milly kept a hand latched around the bot's thick upper arm as she recovered her balance. He had kissed her senseless, pressing her against the airlock wall and practically f**king her up against it. She could still feel the imprint of his hard body against hers. Still feel the hard bar of his c*ck as it pressed into the softness of her belly, branding her with heat that reached down and made her cunt clench. He was heavy and thick...she bit back a whimper, aching to feel him inside her. Filling her. Driving into her and taking her over and over again.

"Come on then, let's go."

She reached out and tapped a number sequence into the pad by the door, starting the lock sequence and walking through into the ship proper. In the back of her mind, a small voice warned her not to be fooled. This was a bot, not the real Johnny Ram, and she only had him on loan. It would be just her luck for her to buy into the fantasy and fall for him anyway. Bitter amusement rolled through her. Wouldn't Jason just love that? Another indication of how pathetic she was and vindication of his claims she was fat and unattractive. So much so, she'd had to get a bot when she couldn't get a man.

No, that was wrong. She could get a man. Just last night, the real Johnny Ram, Casanova and celebrity stripper, had asked her to dinner. Her. The short, fat, disgusting, dumpy lump of a wife Jason had sneered at. She let that one sink in, satisfaction filling her. This dumpy lump of an ex-wife had managed to snag one of the hottest pieces of ass this side of the Kelantrian expanse and, putting it bluntly, Jason was no Johnny Ram.

The thought put an extra sway in her walk. Something the bot must have picked up on, because the next second she felt his big hand smooth over the curves of her ass.

"I don't think so, little human," he growled, the sound sliding over her skin like a rough caress and making her p**sy clench again. Before she knew what was happening, her feet left the ground and she was swung up and around.

"Hey! What the hell do you think you'r-ooompph!"

The air was driven from her lungs as her midriff hit a broad shoulder. She dangled like a limp spider for a second, trying to get her breath back as the bot started to walk, giving her an eyeful of tight ass moving just below her. Gods, he had a good backside, buns as firm as steel under the faded fabric of his pants. But she really didn't like viewing it from this angle.

"Oi! Chips for brains. Put me the hell down. Now!" Her demand had the same effect as rain against sheet metal. Noisy, but on the whole, pointless.

"I do not have 'chips for brains'," he growled back, the sexy tone seeming to indicate that he was aroused. She wasn't used to that. Had to be that predictive arousal system Cyn had told her about, she thought as she struggled, her hands on his waist as she tried to push herself upright and wriggle off his shoulder.

"I am a fully functioning cybernetic being with a bio-organic brain enhanced with implanted technology. Much superior to the simple computer brain utilized by an android."

God, he really had bought his own programming, hadn't he? "Yeah, yeah, you tell yourself whatever you like, bud."

He wasn't letting her go. In fact her struggles weren't helping. All she was managing to do was rub more of herself against his solidly muscled frame, which in turn was just reminding her that she had what amounted to a walking, talking sex toy for the next few days. One who stubbornly appeared to think he was in charge. Yeah, so she'd liked the idea of a take charge man with a big c*ck she could put back in a box when she was finished with him, but this was taking it too far. Dominance games began and ended in the bedroom and she certainly didn't like was being hauled about by what amounted to a walking vibrator.

"Aries 7000, I'm giving you a direct order to put me down. Now."

"No."

She gaped, rendered motionless with shock. "What do you mean 'no'? You can't say no to me. I'm human, you're a bot."

He turned a corner and headed up the ramp to the next level. One turn and a corridor and they'd be at her quarters. How the hell did he know where he was going?

"Learning mode," he quipped chirpily. "Provided I do not break any of the primary directives, I can refuse any order you give me."

Fuck. A vibrator that decided when it wanted to have sex. Next he'd be telling her he had a headache.

"Define primary directives. List aloud for me," she demanded as she fought some more to be free. He held her easily, his big hand sliding up her ass to hold the back of her hips. Despite herself, the situation was making her hot, and it shouldn't. No way should a big, brute of a cyborg bot carrying her off to "fuck her until she couldn't see straight" turn her on. Not at all.

But it did. It was. She whimpered softly and flopped across his shoulder, doing the limp spider routine again. His hold changed, the hand across her ass caressing the rounded globe.

"Do not cause direct harm to humans. Do not allow humans to come to harm through inaction. Do not allow humans to come to harm through secondary actions or predicted result of other actions. Do not allow humans to harm themselves through direct action, secondary action, inaction or neglect."

He turned the last corner and stomped up the corridor toward her room.

"My sensors indicate that you are suffering from sexual tension. Lack of sexual intercourse and gratification falls under directive four...do not allow humans to harm themselves through inaction. I will f**k you until you have achieved satisfaction."

"I am not suffering from sexual tension." Her voice emerged as a squeak. Go team, sounding like the woman in charge.

They reached the door. Her heart pounded, heat crawling through every inch of her body to center in her cunt as he stopped.

"Denial. That would also fall under directive four, interpreted as neglect. I can't allow you to do that. Open the door," he ordered, his hand slipping down to the back of her thigh, fingertips just brushing over her fabric-covered p**sy.

Her cl*t throbbed hard. How did she get herself into these messes? Did she even want to get out of it? Fuck no...she'd "paid" for four days...so what if he was a little bossier than she'd thought. If he was half as good as rumor said the house of Cyn bots were...her cunt ached again, reminding her of the need running through her body and tightening her n**ples where they pressed against his shoulder. The buds tight and puckered as they rubbed against the inside of her plain bra. All she could think about was getting into the room, and being f**ked by a sexy cyborg determined to save her from sexual frustration.

"You'd better have a big cock," she grumbled, her voice way too shaky and breathy as she gave the release code for the door. It slid open with a soft whoosh in front of them and he stepped through. "And a vibrate function."

"I don't need a vibrate function."

"I'm gonna call you chip, not Johnny."

"I told you, I don't have chips for brains."

The banter didn't stop him from striding over to her bed or dropping her on the soft surface. She watched, mouth dry, as he stripped the hot pink shirt off with an expression of distaste and threw it in the corner of the room. She'd had no idea bots could develop likes and dislikes.

His attention returned to her, those green-gold eyes unwavering as he looked at her. "You will strip. Now."

She arched an eyebrow, determined to get some sort of control back. He was a just a bot, even if her eyes and instincts tried to tell her otherwise. A damn realistic one, but just a bot nonetheless.

"No. You-"

He surged forward, a tight expression on his face. She gasped, tried to scramble back up over the bed, but he was too quick. Within a second he was over her, knees between her thighs and forcing them apart as he grabbed her hands and hauled them over her head.

"Inaction leading to neglect," he told her, what almost looked like amusement twinkling in the depths of his eyes. "Unacceptable. I will strip you."

Her breath caught as he transferred her wrists to one hand and hooked the fingers of the other in the neckline of her top. Abruptly, he paused and looked at her. "Permission for destruction of property?"

"Wha-?" Oh, that was right. Bots had sub-routines built in to make sure they didn't inadvertently break or destroy something the owner wanted. The Aries could f**k her to within an inch of her life, but it couldn't rip the clothes from her body to do it.

"Yes, yes." She arched her back, testing his hold on her wrists. Firm, but not hurting her, his fingers moving when she did so he wouldn't bruise her. High levels of sensitivity and calibration. Just how much had this thing cost to build...and could she afford to buy one?

"Get on with it."

The sound of tearing cloth filled the room an instant before cool air washed over her. The bot made a rumbling sound of appreciation as he ripped through the hem of the top and let it fall open to reveal her bra-covered br**sts. Her underwear was plain, but satin, the generous mounds of her tits pushed high and together to create an impressive cl**vage she normally kept under wraps. Particularly after Jason had said that her tits were the one thing that was half-decent about her. So, in the spirit of feuding couples the universe over, she'd made sure he'd never seen them again.

"Nice."

His gaze was hot as he leaned down to graze a kiss over her collarbone, catching the black strap in his teeth and dragging it off her shoulder. The cup gaped precariously as it lost tension.

"Nice? Just nice?" She mock-growled as he rubbed his cheek against the soft skin just under her shoulder, nuzzling her for a second before his lips trailed a line of kisses down to her cl**vage. He had stubble, the sensual abrasion sending tingles over her skin. The attention to detail was absolutely incredible. She shivered as he dipped his tongue into the valley of her cl**vage, a hot, wet rasp across her skin that curled her toes.

"Sexy," he added, eyes blazing as he looked up from between her br**sts. "Hot."

His hands shaped her waist. Strong hands, large hands. So large he could wrap the fingers halfway around her back as he smoothed them up and to the front to test the heavy weight of her br**sts in their satin confinement. A small murmur of pleasure escaped her lips, so breathy and sexy that she blinked. Was she even capable of making a sound like that? But then, he made her feel that way. Tiny and feminine, desirable. Hot.

After years of Jason's derision and put-downs, the feeling was a revelation. Right at the moment she didn't care that the Aries was a bot. She just wanted more.

A finger slipped into the satin cup of her bra and slid around, peeling it slowly away and under the full curve of her breast. She bit her lip as it shifted, pulling tight across the creamy white globe of flesh before catching on her nipple. The sensation was sensual torture as the beaded flesh provided resistance to the journey of the fabric. Only for a second, then it gave and the tightened bud sprang free.

With a low growl, he was on her. His mouth closed over the revealed nipple, sucking it into the hot cavern of his mouth. Eyes rolling into the back of her head, she melted right there and then as he feasted on her. Rumbling in the back of his throat, he sucked, drawing a line of need and fire right down to her needy cunt, then flicked his tongue over her.

Suck, flick. Suck, flick, nip.

She gasped at the sharp sensation of almost pain, before liquid heat flooded her panties. God, he made her hot. If he could do that just by licking her tits, what was the rest going to be like?

"More," she demanded, pulling on her wrists in his hold. When he let go, she arched her back, shoving her br**sts in his face as she reached behind to unclasp the bra. Far from arguing about suddenly getting a face full of boob, he growled in appreciation and swept the loose bra away. Within a heartbeat he filled his palms with her br**sts, calloused thumb sweeping over the nipple he'd just tortured as he paid attention to the other one.

She writhed and moaned as he suckled her. Her hands drove into the short spikes of his hair, holding him against her as his clever lips teased at her nipple. His hands weren't idle, strong fingers tweaking her nipple, the sensual torture sending her arousal higher and tighter.

"Oh god...yes," she moaned, a long drawn-out sound, as his hands travelled south, skimming over her soft stomach. At least a bot wouldn't be drawing unfavorable conclusions with other women. The real Johnny Ram always had women around him, stick-insect women with false tits like balloons. There was no way she could compete with them. All blonde with identical matching smiles and booth-granted tans. No one tanned in space and she wouldn't pay the exorbitant prices of the flesh tanners. She'd rather buy Altorian chocolate if she was going to spend that much on a luxury.

His fingers reached her belt buckle, the slight shake and roughness betraying a need that surprised her. He all but ripped the fasteners open as though he couldn't wait to get her out of her pants. The illusion was so convincing, so real. It would be so easy just to lie back and pretend that she had accepted the real Johnny Ram's offer of dinner and now she'd brought him back to her place to continue their evening.

"Hips up," he demanded, surging up to claim her lips again. Braced easily over her, his hard hands divested her of her pants with swift, almost brutally economic movements. His tongue parted her lips, desire and dominance in every movement as he plundered her mouth again. He overwhelmed her, an illicit thrill shivering through every cell in her body as he dropped her pants on the floor beside the bed, the thud of her belt buckle quickly forgotten as he leaned back to look down at her.

Lust flared in his eyes, turning their color almost to bronze as he swept his gaze over her body. Somehow he'd managed to shuck off her boots as well, the onesie design meaning her feet were bare. Thank god she'd thought to paint her toe-nails a pretty pink last night. His heated gaze travelled up the length of her legs, lightly toned from hand-balling cargo on the shorter drops, and upward. Her satin thong matched the bra discarded somewhere on the floor, a small scrap of black satin that covered the essentials and not much else. His nostrils flared as he reached out to trace a gentle fingertip along the tiny edge of lace across her stomach.

"Beautiful," he murmured, almost absently as he slipped the fingertip under the lace and brushed her skin. She bit her lip, her breath catching as he took his time investigating. Schooling herself to remain still, she let him. He was a prototype, in learning mode Cyn had said. She wondered if he'd ever seen a woman before, then her eyes widened.

Oh my god, was she about to pop an android's cherry?

He seemed to know what he was doing, though, so she wasn't sure. His touch moved, skipping from the waistband of the thongs to the side, sliding down toward her eager p**sy concealed beneath the satin.

"You feel fantastic." He closed his eyes, a shudder raking his big body as he closed his hand over her mound, pressing the sodden fabric against her. She moaned, rocking her h*ps against his fingers as her cl*t pulsed in need.

"God, yeah...touch me."

Her voice held a note of begging but she didn't care. Everything ached. Her n**ples, her clit, her cunt...even her ass got in on the act, the dark rosette tightening as she thought of the toys she had in the bedside drawer. Not that she'd ever used them that way, but it was a fantasy, a guy doing her in every hole, that rolled around her mind on a regular basis, and something about him brought out the forbidden desires she tried so hard to hide.

"I'll do more than touch you."

His voice rough, he slid down her body, the rigid length of his c*ck imprisoned in his pants brushing her for a second as he worked his way down her body to settle between her legs. His broad shoulders forced them high and wide, wider than was comfortable at first, and he reached for the delicate thong. Yanking, the sides bit into the flesh at her h*ps for a second before they tore. She bit back a squeak as cool air from the room washed over her p**sy.

"Fuck. You're beautiful. Hot and wet."

He dragged a broad tipped finger over her lips, a moan breaking from both of them at the feeling of it sliding over slippery flesh. He rumbled in approval as he slid the wet finger between his lips and sucked it clean, watching her all the time.

"You taste good..."

The sight was too much, a fresh wave of liquid heat issuing from her p**sy as he dropped his head. Hot breath fanned over her p**sy lips a second before they were parted by the hot, thick blade of his tongue. He didn't waste any time, sweeping her from cl*t to slit in one long lick. A soft keen slid from her lips as her cl*t throbbed, needing more as she waited for him to pull it into the hot, wet cavern of his mouth. She loved it when a guy did that, loved the feeling of heat and suction around the tiny nubbin of sensation.

He didn't. Instead he moved, and without warning, stabbed his tongue deep into her cunt.

"Oh god!"

He grabbed her h*ps and growled as he went to town. His tongue thrust, hot and thick, into her time after time, collecting every drop of her cunt juices as he tongue-fucked her relentlessly. She whimpered, hands cupping her br**sts as she rode his face. God, he was really good at this, his tongue long and talented. She'd never gotten off with a guy tongue-f**king her before, but she was close, the familiar tension in her small frame coalescing into heat centered in her cunt.

"Not god. Johnny..." He pulled away to whisper, the tiny puffs of air as he spoke torture over her hypersensitive clit. Before she could pout at the loss of his tongue within her, he thrust two thick fingers into the silken channel, sliding and scissoring to prepare her.

"Just so you know what to scream when you come."

Arrogant son of a bitch! She lifted her head to give him a piece of her mind, but he chose that instant to sweep his tongue over her clit, then drew it into his mouth and sucked hard. The tension in her body, already notched up to breaking point, shattered in one perfect moment, exploding outward like a supernova to engulf her. Pleasure cascaded through her body. Throbbed and pulsed from her cl*t out through her veins. Her cunt clenched around his fingers, bathing them in slick heat. He growled, yanking them free as he drove his tongue deep again, collecting and drinking from her as she came.

"Johnny," he told her again, crawling up her body as the spasms died down. She barely had time to think before the thick, broad head of his c*ck pressed against the slick entrance to her p**sy. Arms wrapped around her in a powerful embrace, he fisted a hand in her hair and made her look up at him. "Johnny. That's what I want you to scream."

He punctuated the demand with a rough shove, burying his c*ck halfway in her cunt in one quick movement. She caught her breath, trying to process the pleasure and feeling of fullness as her tissues were forced to part around him. God, he was big. Far bigger than Jason or any of her one-night lays. So big that if he hadn't prepared her, she'd be hurting more than needing right about now. Even so, she was stretched to the limit. If his c*ck had been a micron wider, it would have brought tears to her eyes.

He stopped, registering her open palms against his bare chest, and leaned in.

"Breathe, baby. It'll feel good soon, I promise," he whispered against her lip, then kissed her. It wasn't a kiss as much as he made love to her mouth with his. A hot torrent of erotic pleasure as he thrust and teased her with his tongue, licking and nipping at her lips before taking over with a power and control that thrilled her. All the while he held himself still over and in her with inhuman control.

Finally she relaxed, kissing him back with just as much passion, and clenched her p**sy around his thick shaft. Growling into her mouth, he started to move, seesawing himself into her with short, sharp movements. With each friction-filled slide she gasped, until he was in her to the hilt. His c*ck throbbed and pulsed as it pressed against her p**sy walls, the pressure exquisite.

"That feel good, little human?" His words were soft against her ear as he kissed along her neck, letting go of her hair in favor of sliding his hand down her front to cup her tit again. She whimpered as he pinched her nipple again, arching her back for more. The movement shifted his c*ck inside her and they both groaned.

"Yes...yes. Please, for fuck's sake, move!"

It was like her words opened the flood gate. Nipping her ear one last time, he shifted to brace his hands either side of her head as he pulled back. His next thrust was long and hard, his balls slapping against her ass as he filled her completely. Time and time again he thrust, setting up a hard, fast rhythm. The power and control in his strong body fascinated her as she wrapped herself around him, arms around his shoulders and legs wrapped around his hips. The fact he was a bot fell away and she let herself dream that this was for real, not a four-day interlude from reality.

Even though he'd already brought her to release once, it didn't take long for the familiar tension to fill her again, faster and more intense than before as he ground his pelvis against her clit, trapping it between them. She gasped, a loud and hard sound as the first spasms of another orgasm threatened.

"Fuck...yes! Yes!"

He did it again. Slamming into her and grinding his hips. Her eyelids dropped and her eyes rolled into the back of her head under the sheer erotic pleasure. Once, twice...she just needed a little more to tip her over the edge. Just a little more.

"Come for me, little human," he growled as he pulled back again. The muscles in the forearms by her head bunched as he mangled the sheets in his fists, dropping his head to claim her lips in a brutal kiss as he thrust into her again.

She screamed, the sound lost in his mouth. Her cli**x hit her broadside, like a shuttle at light speed, crashing into and over her, sweeping everything else away as it filled her with mind-numbing pleasure. He grunted as her walls clamped around his c*ck and tore his lips from hers. Panting, he rumbled her name as he unleashed the power of his solid frame. His h*ps slammed into hers, the thick drive of his c*ck into her cunt and the slap of his balls against her ass elongating and drawing out her release.

He managed three heavy thrusts. The cords stood out in his neck as he faltered on the fourth, then drove into her with one last, brutal push. A curse was torn from his lips as his c*ck jerked and pulsed within her as he came, bathing the neck of her womb in what seemed like an unending torrent and tripping yet more aftershocks to roll through her.

Yes, she decided as she stroked the back of his neck and muttered soft words, she was really going to enjoy the next few days.

Chapter Five

Shit. If that hadn't been the best lay of his life, then he didn't know what was. Blinking gray spots back from his vision, Johnny shifted his weight so that he didn't crush the delicate woman beneath him and whispered sweet nothings as her heart rate returned to normal. As he did, his on board computer fed him all sorts of data from his sensors, all of them fixated on the curvy female beneath him. Fitness level, body-fat ratio, blood pressure, skin temperature...all catalogued and logged in the nonorganic part of his brain. He ignored the stream of information, preferring instead to label it "perfection".

"You know, you don't need to do that."

She laid a small hand in the center of his chest to make him look at her. He broke off from his contemplation of the scents rising from her skin, the floral of a shower gel used earlier in the day contrasting nicely with the apple scent on her hair and the faint overtones of a deep, exotic musk he assumed was perfume from last night.

Her chocolate brown eyes were dark and sultry-the eyes of a woman who had just been thoroughly loved. His cock, still clasped tight within her silken walls, jerked savagely with the need to do it all over again.

"Do what, little human?"

He sought her lips, but she denied him, turning her head as she pushed at his chest. As heavy as he was, far heavier than a human due to the cybernetic implants that laced his tall frame, she wouldn't have been able to move him if he hadn't wanted. Without thinking, he shifted his weight off her, pulling his c*ck free with a pang of disappointment and a slide of wet seed as he rolled to his side. All the while, the processor in his brain worked out tactics and strategies to get her back where he wanted her, under him writhing in ecstasy.

"This." She waved her hand vaguely, the movement encompassing them and the bed as she grabbed a towel off the chair near the bed and passed it to him to clean himself up. "The after sex chitchat. I know you're not real and I'm totally cool with that. You don't need to pretend."

Crap. He'd stepped out of the cover story Cyn had set up, albeit at a moment's notice, for him. But of all the screwed up covers to be operating under. Johnny cursed his stupidity. A tactile person, he normally liked to kiss and cuddle after sex, which didn't appear to be on the cards as Milly rolled to sit on the edge of the bed.

"Seriously. It's nice not to have all the chatter. Especially when most of its bullshit anyway." She gave a small, sad smile that made his heart ache. The expression on her face when she'd turned him down in the club last night suddenly made sense.

Someone had hurt her. Badly. Real badly.

A rush of anger hit him, blindsiding him with its ferocity as she stood up and padded across to the shower alcove. Luckily her back was to him so she didn't see his features twist into a feral expression as he gripped the sheets in a fist so tight he felt the alloy-strengthened bones beneath his skin creak. It was that or punch a hole in the metal wall by the bed. He didn't care who the bastard was. He wanted to find the guy and rip him a new one. Hunt him down, break every bone in his worthless body and then tear him a bloody new one.

The alcove door slid shut around her, lights in the shower clicking on and casting her delectable figure into silhouette. Real water ran, rather than the normal deep-space sonic cycle, and the musical sound filled the room as it ran down her body into the drain under her feet. Johnny latched onto the visual, imagining the water caressing her curves. Hitting her shoulders and cascading down her mouthwatering figure, rivulets running across the creamy skin and curving under the plump weight of her tits.

His mouth dried up, c*ck ramrod straight and aching for action as his balls tightened. Fuck, he wanted...no, he needed her again. Needed to part her legs and bury his c*ck into her welcoming softness. Needed to watch her as he f**ked her, see that dark softness in her eyes as she came, clinging to him in trust. Looking at him as though he was her entire world. A shudder rolled through him. He wanted to be her entire world, wanted to erase the sadness he'd seen lurking in the depths of her eyes.

Decision made, he rolled off the bed and stalked across the small room. He paused for a moment to admire the shapely form highlighted by the warm lights of the shower alcove. Solar lamps, his implants told him as they automatically analyzed the light output, designed to keep humans fit and healthy in deep space when they had no access to natural sunlight.

His reverie didn't last long. Driven by the needs of his body, he yanked open the shower door and stepped into the cubicle. She gasped at the intrusion, but he didn't give her much choice about the matter, crowding her toward the extruded plasti-wall as he pulled the door shut behind him.

Water hit his chest in small, but powerful pin-pricks and he bit back a grin as he realized the thing was cranked up the max. He loved a powerful shower, and so it seemed did she. Just another of the ways that they were compatible, aside from the obvious. In that way, they'd just proved on her bed that they were very compatible.

"Hey, what are you doing? There's no room in here for both of us to wash," she started to argue, but stopped as he lifted a hand and shoved the showerhead aside. The direction of the water changed, hitting the side of the enclosure and running down the wall. Steam began to build, surrounding them in a warm, wet blanket.

"I'm not going to wash your back," he bit out in a gravelly voice. Washing could come later, right now he had other, more interesting things to do to her.

"Oh." Her lips formed a small "o" of surprise as her eyes widened and darkened in the same instant. Color hit her cheeks as she flicked a glance down at his rampant cock. "I guess you don't need any time to recover, do you?"

Not with her. Slipping into character, he gave her a haughty look. "I am an Aries-class cyborg, I do not have such human weaknesses."

Her reaction was instant and unexpected. She laughed, the skin at the corners of her eyes crinkling in amusement. "Oh, she really did a good job with you, didn't she? What a male thing to say!"

He grunted, not bothering to dignify that comment with an answer, and pressed her back against the wall. His mouth sought and found hers, latching onto the full softness with a hunger that brought a muffled gasp of surprise to her lips.

Groaning, he took advantage as they parted and thrust his tongue deep to taste her again. Her skin was slick and wet as he lifted her slight frame to press her back against the wall, rubbing and sliding against him in ways that made his eyes want to roll back in his head.

"Stop..."

She tore her lips from his, pushing at his shoulders. Johnny froze instantly and looked at her, holding her securely in the cage of his arms. No panic flowed across her features and he breathed a sigh of relief. He'd been worried for a moment she might be claustrophobic and he'd inadvertently triggered a panic attack.

"It's okay, I've got you."

"No, you big oaf...I'm far too heavy. Put me down, you'll damage yourself!"

The worry was evident in her voice and brought a smile to his lips. She was concerned about him. Warmth spread through his chest as he dropped his head to nibble along her neck.

"Too heavy? I'm an Aries class, I could bench press a shuttle if I needed to. I'm sure I can cope with lifting a tiny dot of a thing like you."

A soft, sexy little groan escaped her throat as he brushed his lips against the sweet spot below her ear. The sound sent a shiver down his spine to wrap around his cock, jerking it high and tight as he grabbed thigh in one big hand and lifted it.

"Wrap your legs around my waist," he ordered, desperate to get inside her again. The rigid length of his shaft slid against her belly, the curls at the juncture of her thighs a sensual torment as the broad, mushroom head brushed past them. Then her legs were around his waist and his c*ck popped free from between their bodies. They both gasped as it prodded at the hot, slick opening to her p**sy.

"I'm gonna f**k you, pound you against the wall," he promised, his cover completely slipping from his mind as lust took over. Her nostrils flared, the heat in her eyes nearly unmanning him as he drove up into her, claiming her with one hard thrust.

Their gasps mingled, amplified by the small alcove. Johnny pressed his eyes closed, body tense as he fought for control. Hot, slick and tight, she almost did him in there and then. Excitement and lust sizzled through his body like lava from the mountains of Helanis Prime, a tight band of heat that wrapped around his c*ck and tightened around his balls.

"Oh god, yes. Fuck me, please...I need you to f**k me hard."

She whimpered, the sound hitting him on a primal level, and bit her lower lip, mangling the soft, plump tissue with her little white teeth.

He swooped in, kissing her again as he lifted her up off his cock. Then he released her, using gravity and a hand wrapped around her shoulder to impale her back onto the rigid shaft. Sexy sounds fell from her lips as he did it again and again, spreading his thighs to drive into her and setting a hard and fast rhythm in an attempt to slake the need surging through his body.

As soon as he'd seen her months ago, he'd wanted her. Had sensed it would be like this between them. Hot and hard and completely wild. As though nothing else mattered as soon as they touched each other, a wild passion that demanded to be assuaged.

"I'm not going to last long," he panted between kisses. Unable to stop kissing her, stop touching her, even as her body started to tighten around his. She trembled and came with a cry, shouting his name as her cunt clamped down around his cock, milking him with strong, rhythmic contractions of her internal muscles.

"Fuck me! God, I'm coming." His release crashed over him without warning, welling up out of nowhere. His ass flashed, h*ps doing the jerky two-step thing and then he slammed into her one last time. Hot seed pulsed from his cock, coating the inside of her p**sy as he emptied his balls into her. For a split second he wished it would find fertile ground...the need to claim her totally, as the mother to his children, overwhelming.

But that was never going to happen. Cyborgs couldn't have kids, and besides, she thought he was a sexbot. Johnny closed his eyes and dropped his head. How the f**k did he get himself into these messes?

"You're a f**king idiot, John."

He was screwed. Well and truly screwed. Why had he thought lying was a good idea? Face set into stern lines, Johnny stalked through the corridors of the Starflame down to the secondary storage hold. He should have just come clean in the shop, told Milly who he was and asked her to reconsider going out to dinner with him. But no, he'd tried to be clever...get into her bed as a bot.

"I can't stand liars. My ex lied a lot, about everything. Used to tell me I was pretty, gorgeous, that he loved me... Yeah, right. He loved my grandpop's money. When he passed and all I got was the Starflame? Let's just say love is the last thing he felt for me. He tried to get half the ship, but the judge told him to take a long walk out of a short airlock."

Her laugh had near broken his heart, the bitter sound not quite hiding the wealth of misery and pain. Her ex was an idiot. A prize-winning idiot for letting a woman like Milly go, but he couldn't be sorry about that, not when it gave him a shot at getting her into his bed. What he did regret was that she'd had to go through so much pain and unhappiness to get free of the bastard.

I can't stand liars. Her words rang in his head, a damning refrain.

Lips twisted into a grimace, he paused before the door to the hold and tapped in the number sequence she'd given him. The Starflame was an older model, voice command and memorized access codes which meant he had to do things the old-fashioned way, rather than just use his cybernetic implants. No biggie, it helped with the human, or rather, bot cover. Wry amusement filled him as he walked into the cavernous cargo hold. He was a cyborg pretending to be a bot based on a human pretending to be a cyborg, who was actually a cyborg anyway.

"Man, you are twisted in the head," he muttered as he approached the guardrail and looked down.

A low whistle escaped his lips. The hold was huge, falling away at least ten stories below him and extending out god knew how far. His implants foiled by the security shielding on the ship, he couldn't access the station's Public Access database, so couldn't pull specs on the ship, but it had to be one of the largest transports he'd seen dock at the station. The hold was only half full, the automated loaders locked high and tight by the side doors, waiting for the morning and the next shift.

"Locke...Locke..."

His voice was low as he rambled along the racks built into the back wall of the balcony. The crew's luggage and personal effects were stored in marked up lockers and cages. He lifted an eyebrow at the sight of a traditional Bacaral saddle in one cage, swaddled in protective plastic as it sat in state on its stand. Someone had expensive and dangerous hobbies. Apt to disembowel anything that moved and with permanent anger management problems, the six-legged Bacaral bulls weren't known for their cuddly temperament.

The lights were out further along the balcony, each bulb snapping on as the sensors registered his body heat. Thankfully Milly wasn't down here or the game would be up. She'd know instantly that he wasn't a bot. Androids didn't register a core body temperature, relying instead on heating their skin layer to make them appear more human and with a protective heat sheath beneath to stop it frying the inner workings.

"Hell, girl, you sure like to make a guy work for it," he grumbled as he wandered down the balcony. It started to narrow down as the ship curved around. Typical, her stuff would be right in the corner, wouldn't it?

He moved from the pool of light cast by the last bulb and waited for the next light to snap on. It didn't, leaving him walking into semidarkness.

"Ack." The bulb was out. Johnny shook his head, flicked his ocular implant over to night vision and waited for it to adapt. In the second between triggering the change and being able to see, it happened.

There were few things in the universe that bothered Johnny. Assholes picking on those smaller or weaker than themselves... Politicians that spewed nothing but lies... That idiot actor on Love Colony, with the nasal whine and the slick chat up lines that women seemed to love.

And spiders.

The big Aries-class cyborg, who'd killed more men than he'd had hot dinners and who could rig a base to blow with half an ounce of plastic explosive, a roll of duct tape and a paper clip, was scared of spiders. No, make that terrified of spiders. So much so that the first brush of the soft, clinging cotton-candy-like feeling of a web against the bare skin of his arm and shoulder turned him into a ninja-master.

"UgghHHH-UH! Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuck!"

Curses spewed from his lips as he flailed his arms wildly, ducking and backing up across the balcony as all his muscles went into contortions to escape the feeling of the web against his skin. Finally he stopped, ass against the railing and the sheer drop of the hold looming behind him, brushing at his shoulder and arm as he looked up into the darkness with hatred. His night sight easily picked out the small bodies within the webs. Space spiders. Little bastards that infected ships and fed on f**k knew what.

A shudder hit him again as he got his heart rate under control, routing an order through his cybernetic implants to control the wild beating to something more manageable.

"Fuck! Ugh. Fucking spiders! Stay where you are, you little bastards," he muttered as he moved forward again, able to move between the webs now that he could see them, his skin crawling every step of the way. He needed to tell Milly about the spiders...then realized he couldn't. A bot wouldn't even register their presence, simply walking through the webs and letting them drape all over it. Bots weren't scared of spiders.

Only badass scary cyborgs called Johnny were.

Chapter Six

"Ughhhhh."

Milly stretched leisurely, arms and legs spread-eagled on the bed in an inelegant display and her vocal contribution the height of eloquence. With the Aries off to fetch various feminine fripperies from her locker down in the hold, she dropped her guard, no longer concerned about what he thought of her as she yawned, stretching her jaw wide and cricking her neck. All the things Jason had hated and made fun of. Repeatedly. Wanker. She was well rid of him and his pathetic attempts at lovemaking.

Body buzzing pleasantly, with some sore spots in some specific x-rated places, she rolled to her feet and padded to the shower alcove. Memories swirled through her head as she stepped into the small cubicle. Of the Aries' big body crowded in here with her, taking her hard and fast against the wall and the seriously steamy session on her bed afterward. One thing was to be said for a bot as a lover...the stamina was incredible.

Pity she couldn't keep him. She could reprogram him to her exact likes and dislikes, explore all those fantasies Jason had thought too kinky. Which amounted to pretty much everything apart from her sucking him off, then him sticking his dick in her and thrusting a couple of times before he came with a groan. Wrinkling her nose, she let the hot water cascade over her. His ineptitude and sheer lack of care about her needs was the reason she had such an extensive collection of sex toys in her bedside cabinet, not to mention the one she'd sent down to the hold to collect some of her stuff from her locker.

She showered quickly, washing and rinsing suds out of her hair with practiced economy. Even though they were docked at a station, water was a precious commodity, and the last year she'd spent in space had taught her to conserve it as much as possible. Bet Jason never had to worry about saving water, she glowered to herself. Last she heard, fleet ships didn't ration their officers, even a**hole sons of admirals who wouldn't know proper service if it bit them in the ass.

Amusement filled her as she stepped from the shower. Pity she couldn't send her bot in to give him the fright of his life. The Aries made a real convincing cyborg...so much so, she'd have been convinced herself if she didn't know what he was. She dried herself on a large towel that still bore his scent as she padded across the room and opened the closet to grab some new clothes. Like that, he had a scent...sweat glands, the whole nine hundred microns.

Her heart hit the deck again. Just the cost of his synth-skin alone must be astronomical. She'd probably couldn't have afforded to hire him without Cyn offering him on a testing basis, let alone buy him.

Bloody stupid woman, already half in love with a bot. How pathetic was that? She hauled her clothes on roughly, annoyed with herself. The soft ping-ping-ping of the ships internal alarm brought her head up and a frown creased her brow.

"Computer, report status?" She queried as she snapped her pants shut and walked into her onesie ship boots. She hated socks with a passion, almost as much as she hated her ex-husband.

"Breach on level four," the soft voice of the computer replied as she barreled from the room, easily tracking her progress out of her room and through the corridors toward the bridge. "Internal sensor net down in sections five through nine, unable to gather data on the breach."

"Fuck!"

She hit the lift at light speed, punching in the code that would take her up to the bridge. A breach could mean only one thing. Hijack. They were after her cargo. Out on the space lanes, all ships were prepared for the possibility, especially in the current tough economic climate, but to hijack while the ship was still in dock? That was ballsy.

"Unable to comply, please restate command."

"Contact station security, tell them we have a problem." She jiggled, jumping from foot to foot as she waited for the lift to ascend. Crap, she should have installed the latest model speed lifts in this thing months ago. The minute it took to reach the command deck was feeling like a lifetime.

"Unable to comply. No link to station."

"Fuck it!"

Milly bit her lip as she shoved a hand through her hair in frustration. They were jamming the damn signal.

"Unable to comply. Please restat-"

Several things happened at once. The computer cut off mid-sentence as the lift ground to a halt, leaving her looking at a blank wall rather than the unopened doors of the bridge she was expecting. A distinctive rumble shuddered up through the deck plates, the low sound shivering through her body and settling into a warm knot at the base of her skull as the Starflame's subspace engines were started up.

"No, you bastards!"

Frustration and anger exploded through her as she flew to the wall, hammering on it with her fists. Her only reward was a dull metallic clang and sharp pain shooting up her arms. She ignored it as the sound swelled and grew. Even without being on the bridge, she knew what was happening, could feel it as the docking clamps disengaged. A little drop, the shunt sideways as the ship scooted past the restraining utilities arm as it retracted back to the station, felt the swell in power as whoever was at the helm opened her up to take her out into deep space.

"Shitshitshitshit!"

What did she do now? Milly looked about her in the close confines of the lift and had to bite back a chuckle of bitter amusement. Of all the places to get caught during a hijack, she had to get caught in the damn lift. It was worse than getting caught in the head, although both scenarios had her metaphorical pants around her ankles. At least in the head she had options. She could have escaped through the ventilation shafts or fashioned a weapon from the toilet seat and the paper-dispenser, made napalm from the soap dispenser or something. Anything.

In the lift she was shit out of luck. The smooth walls were oval in shape, the only gap where the doors should be, the blank metal there mocking her. And because it was an antigravity lift, there wasn't even a roof or cable to the thing she could crawl on and climb up. She was literally stuck, hanging around until whoever had control on the bridge decided what to do with her.

"If I get out of this, I'm installing bloody stairs," she muttered, plastering herself against the side of the lift and trying to see how far up the door to the bridge was. The half-assed notion that she could somehow use the small lip of the lift wall to balance on, and open a pressurized door by hand died a swift death. She could just see the bottom edge of the door in the darkness beyond the floating light above her but she'd need to be ten foot rather than five foot nothing to reach it.

"Bollocks."

"What the fuck?"

The first notion Johnny had that there was something wrong was when the lights flickered in the cargo hold and the ship started to move. Swearing, he dropped the pretty little soaps and the pink loofah-who the hell kept a pink loofah in their locker?-Milly had sent him down to fetch in favor of grabbing hold of the guardrail around the balcony.

Eyes widening he looked around and up, more feeling through his feet and the hand in contact with the ship than seeing. The dull grind and inertial movement said they were moving, but why? From the conversations he'd overheard between Milly and her crew, the ship wasn't due out until Tuesday and he couldn't see the station asking her to move a leviathan like this to another berth. The fuel cost alone would negate any saving they might make having this berth earlier. Nor could he see her as the kind of person to cut and run with what she thought was an expensive, experimental android.

Instantly the only other option came to mind. Hijackers. Cargo ships like the Starflame were always at risk because of the high value and the sheer amount of cargo they could carry, but it was a bold team that jacked a ship while it was in station.

"Just my f**king luck," he grumbled as he beat feet across the balcony and headed back into the corridors. The first time he'd gotten some action in months, finally getting his elusive mystery lady into bed and freaking hijackers turn up to ruin all his damn fun. Well, he'd see about that. All he needed was to find a computer console...there had to be one somewhere along here.

There. His gaze fell on one of the nameplates on the doors along the corridor. Cargo Masters office. Perfect. The ship's CM would need mainframe access to load and unload, controlling the host of mechanical loaders remotely. The lock on the door was a simple one that would take him mere minutes to crack, but he didn't have minutes. Instinct and the feeling in his gut told him that something bad was going down, and if he'd learnt one thing during his long and brutal career as a combat cyborg, it was to trust the feeling in his gut. It had saved him too many times for him to do anything else.

Two hard blows hammered into the lock in quick succession, the pain as his skin was damaged relegated to irrelevant as the smashed box dangled by its wires from the wall and the door slid open. He was through it like a shot, shaking the cut hand absently as he rounded on the quartermaster's desk. It was the work of a second to boot the console up, the blue glare washing over his features in the darkness of the room and casting his own reflection at him from the glass over the ship schematic on the wall opposite.

Ignoring the user interface currently displaying on the screen, Johnny grabbed the keyboard and hauled it toward him. His fingers were lightning fast as he typed in combination after combination from his long-term memory storage.

"Come on, come on. You can't be that difficult to crack...you're only a civvie transport," he muttered as he searched for the combination that would allow him access to the ships internal sensors, at least then he'd be able to see what was going on. But the system stubbornly refused to allow him access, blinking error codes at him on the screen in a smug way.

Okay, he really was losing it if he thought a comp was being smug. An ordinary comp, not an up-its-own-ass AI either. AIs were a bastard to deal with and he hated them with a passion, but a normal comp shouldn't be beyond his capabilities as long as he targeted specific systems. If he were a Virgo class like Cyn or even a Cancer class with their massive onboard capabilities, he could have wrestled the flame's computer into submission easily, but he wasn't, he was an Aries, which meant he was way better at blowing shit up than coercing a reluctant mainframe to cooperate. But without Cyn here or any way to contact her since the ship had no access to the station comms network, he was going to have to do it himself.

"You f**king awkward piece of shit," he hissed after his last attempt failed. Sweat rolled down the hollow of his spine as his onboard ticked away the seconds. His sense of dread increased. "Believe me, if anything happens to Milly, I'm gonna find your core and introduce you to some ZX-fourteen. Let's see how you cooperate with all your memory crystals fried, shall we, hmmm?"

As if it could hear his threats, the last combination worked and the screen cleared to allow him access to the sensor system. The code scrolling over the screen would have been incomprehensible to any human looking at the screen, but the part of Johnny's brain that wasn't human easily deciphered the gobbledygook.

Quickly he maneuvered around the system, triggering several displays of various corridors until he found movement on one of the sensors. An image of the bridge displayed before him, two men he'd never seen before moving across the camera's field of vision. A frown creased his brow as he noted their appearance. Dock loader's uniforms, not particularly good ones either. Even he could see that the color was slightly off compared to the station ones, the blue a shade too dark.

His breath caught as one of them disappeared out of frame for a second, then returned, dragging a smaller figure with him by the scruff of the neck. As he approached the other one, he shoved his captive forward so she sprawled over the deck. She rolled and came back to her feet with her fists up, but Johnny could already see the darkening bruise over one side of her face where she'd been hit.

His heart lurched, all but stopped for a second before it kicked up a notch, adrenaline and murderous rage flooding his body. The screech of metal drew his attention away from the screen and he looked down at his hands. Blood welled across the ruined desk, his fingers wrapped around the sheet metal, crumpling it as though it were paper. His gaze flicked back up to the screen in time to see one of the men backhand Milly again.

He stood. They were going to pay.

In blood.

She was going to die.

The instant the lift started to move again, adrenaline poured through Milly's system. Someone had control of the lift from the bridge, the same someone who was piloting her ship out of dock and into space. Whichever way she cut a situation like this, one thing was for sure, it wasn't going to end up well for her. She didn't know many hijackers who looked after the crews of the ships they took or put them off at the nearest planet, moon or asteroid with thanks and a nice little survival basket. No, most hijackers just herded them into an airlock and vented it to space. No crew, no bodies to stink the place up, no problem.

"Shitshitshitshit."

The muttered refrain rolled around the small enclosure as she looked around in the vain hope she might have missed something she could use as a weapon the fifty other times she'd scanned it. The blank walls and empty floor mocked her. She was screwed, six ways to Sunday and back again.

The lift pulled level with the doors. Her heart pounded, fit to burst from her chest as she eyed them with something near panic. Her only hope was to burst through them as soon as they opened and take whoever was on the other side by surprise, a course of action that would have one of three possible outcomes. She would manage to escape, slipping past whoever was there to the bridge proper and beyond into the corridors of the command level...she could wrest some kind of weapon from them-although, knowing her luck, they'd be carrying nothing more dangerous than a breakfast pastry and the morning news-flexi...more likely was that she'd be caught, marched down to the airlock and introduced to cold, hard space.

She gathered herself, crouched low with her legs bunched under her. Her body ached, buzzing with the energy pouring through her as she watched the doors like a Quolaxian hawk.

They opened. With a wordless bellow, she launched herself through them.

"Frigging 'ell!"

She collided with the person on the other side. Armed and male, he was taller than she was by at least a foot. Face grim with determination, she wrapped her hands around the pulse shotgun he carried and tried to twist it from his hands.

"What the f- Oh no, you don't, you little bitch," he muttered, fighting her for possession of the weapon. The struggle was short lived, her strength no match for his. With a grunt, he jerked the gun from her grasp and lashed out.

The butt of the gun crashed into her cheek. Pain flared across her face as her head was slammed back and stars to rival the most beautiful space scene exploded across her vision. The coppery, metallic tang of blood filled her mouth as hard hands grabbed her. Even though she couldn't see properly, her attackers face hidden behind starburst nebulas in green and purple, she fought like a wildcat. Kicking and screaming she lashed out with her nails and fists and tried everything she had to get loose.

"Oh, you're a wild little thing, aren't you? Fucking well hold still."

"For god's sake, Welch. Would you keep it down over there? Some of us are trying to friggin' work here."

A new voice broke through the sounds of the scuffle. Milly managed to twist a little in her attacker's hold. Another guy, dressed like this one in a loader's coverall, sat in the pilot's chair, his pale gaze unwavering on the screen in front of him as he piloted the Starflame out of station dock.

He flicked them a glance and the look in his eyes chilled her to the bone. If she'd harbored any notions about appealing to the hijackers better nature, it died a quick, painful death at that look. It was the sort of look that said he'd gut her just to see what her intestines looked like as they cascaded from the ruins of her abdomen.

A fist slammed into her face again, the knuckles creating a burning ring of pain around her eye. The force of the blow knocked her to the floor and she struggled to breathe through the agony in her head. The skin throbbed in time with her rapid heartbeat and she could feel the area starting to swell. Within seconds it started to close her eye. Survival instincts kicked in and she tried to scramble away, but it was no good. Her attacker was on her in a trice. Grabbing hold of the hair at the back of her neck, he hauled her to her feet and dragged her across the bridge.

"What do you reckon, Vos? Pretty little thing, ain't she?"

Welch shoved her hard, so that she stumbled and fell to her knees in front of the man in the pilot's seat. He flicked that cold gaze over her again and she shivered.

"Pretty enough. Don't mess her up too much, I don't want sloppy seconds."

His fingers tapped over the console built into the pilot's seat as he transferred his attention to the main view screen again. Risking a quick glance, the view told her that they were almost out of the system. From there it was a short distance to the jump points and she was f**ked. No one would be able to track the flame once it jumped.

Welch grinned as he reached for her again. Her eyes watered as she let him pull her up again by her hair, but this time she was ready for him. Her legs under her, she pushed off as he yanked her up, lifting her knee to slam it into his groin. He was too fast for her, twisting aside with a curse and shoving her away. His heavy backhand caught her unawares, spinning her around and dumping her on the deck plates again.

Blood dripped from her bruised and battered face as she tried to get to her feet, her energy waning as despair filled her heart.

"Fucking bitch, you'll pay for that. Welch'll take it out of your ass. Literally."

Welch grabbed her and hauled her upright again, but all the fight had gone out of her. She was alone on the ship, apart from the Aries, and she knew better than to expect the android to help her. As far as it was concerned, it would return to her quarters, and not finding her there, would simply wait until she returned.

Propelled across the bridge toward the conference area at the back, Welch threw her across the table and slammed a hard hand across her face to hold her, bruised cheek down, against the cool metal surface. His other hand moved to the back of her waist, shoving the stretchy pants and panties she wore down over her h*ps and exposing her nether regions.

"No no no no," she whimpered, tears pouring down her cheeks as she felt about the table frantically. She was going to die in the next couple of hours, but she knew she'd wish for death long before it actually came.

Her fingertips brushed over something, but with her head turned the other way she couldn't see what it was. A thin ray of hope broke through the clouds filling her head and she tried again, desperately reaching for it as the sound of Welch's pants zipper reached her ears.

"You got a real nice cunt, all pretty and pink." He leaned over her, hot puffs of breath washing over the side of her face as he panted. "I'm gonna split you in two with my cock, bitch. Make you pay."

The object rolled into touch, her fingers closing around the slim metal barrel of a pen. Archaic given the computers built into the Starflame's design, but right at that moment, Milly could have kissed her first officer, Cain, for his retro tendencies.

Spinning the pen in her fingers, she got a good grip on it and shoved her ass backward sharply. The thick, hot length of Welch's c*ck stabbed into the back of her thigh, eliciting a masculine grunt of pain and leaving a slick trail of pr**um that made her feel sick. She ignored the feeling, twisting to slam an elbow into his rib cage and biting his finger as his hand slipped. More blood filled her mouth, but not her own. Spitting it out, she bucked him off and stabbed backward blindly with the fist that held the pen.

Smack. Pop.

She felt the impact of her fist against his side and the snick as the pen-point broke through the skin and slid within. Wet warmth flowed over her hand as he screamed in agony. But she didn't let up, snaking a hand between her thighs to grab his c*ck and hold him still as she stabbed back again and again.

Only one more blow connected as he hammered her back and head with heavy fists. Her face slammed into the metal table again and her vision started to gray out. Grim satisfaction filled her as the bloody pen slipped from her fingers. At least she'd done something, not just curled over and given up like a good little victim. This bitch had left scars.

"Fuck you! Bitch stuck me. I'll f**king do her for that!"

Regret filtered through her as Welch stumbled away and she hovered on the edge of consciousness, listening to the roar of anger behind her. She should've taken up Johnny Ram's offer of dinner, and to hell with the consequences.

The blows stopped and she braced herself, expecting the roar of the pulse gun any second, the agony as the bolt hit her and the blessed relief of death before they could inflict anything else on her. But it didn't come.

Frowning, she slid from the table, turning and sitting in the ruins of her own blood-soaked pants to survey the rest of the bridge, trying to focus on the bellows of anger and rage.

The Aries was there, his face a mask of fury as he held Vos suspended above the pilot's chair. The hijacker's body shook, the legs doing a jig as blood and other fluids stained the blue fabric down to his boots and dripped off onto the floor. Even from where she was, Milly could smell the urine. There was a mop in the bridge closet just to the left of the main viewer, she thought absently, ignoring the clamoring in her head beyond the grayness of her obviously concussed state. She'd have to tell the Aries where it was so he could clean the blood and piss up.

Her gaze swept to the side, looking for Welch. He lay on his side, a few feet from the action in the middle of the bridge. His eyes were wide and unseeing, staring right at her from over the expanse of his own shoulders, his head twisted a full one-eighty.

A sharp crack brought her attention back to Vos and the Aries as the bot dropped the hijacker's lifeless body to slump in the pilot's chair. He looked at it for a moment, his face expressionless and his chest and arms covered in blood. Then he looked up, directly at her.

Milly sighed and gave up her tentative hold on consciousness, feeling her body hit the metal floor as blackness claimed her.

Chapter Seven

Johnny felt Milly's gaze on him and looked around just in time to see those beautiful, chocolate-brown eyes lose focus. Her curvy body folded up as she slid to the floor-graceful even as she lost consciousness.

"Oh no you don't. Stay with me, sweetheart."

Ignoring the two bodies littering up the bridge, he launched himself across the space between them. Dropping all pretense of being anything close to human, he threw himself into a slide that would have made his old regimental Warball coach proud. But this time his goal was something infinitely more precious than possession of a mere ball.

He slid across the deck to where she was on the floor next to some kind of conference table. The small checkers in the metal deck plates caught at his pants and the skin of his side but he ignored it as his momentum took him right into her. Automatically he twisted and wrapped himself around her smaller frame, catching her before her head could strike the deck plating.

Adrenaline from the fight to take the bridge back still thundered through his body, filling his muscles with a restless, violent energy, but he held himself still, cradling the unconscious woman in his arms as though she were made of the finest porcelain. His chest supported her head and shoulders and his arm wrapped around her waist to hold her in place. Half reclining as he was, she lay against him as if he were a human shaped floor pillow.

"It's okay, baby. They're gone, they can't hurt you anymore."

Words of reassurance tumbled from his lips as he checked her pulse and her breathing, no small measure of relief surging through him as his onboard informed him that they were all within normal parameters. He moved on, shifting to lay her down on the floor with gentle movements.

Swearing bitterly under his breath, he checked carefully along her limbs for any breaks. Why couldn't he have been designed for something useful? He wasn't a medic like the SAR enabled Taurus class. Demolitions was great, but when it came to rescuing his woman from rat-bastard hijackers intent on raping and killing her, what f**king good had it done him? He'd barely got here in time...

At least, he hoped he'd gotten here in time. The fact that she'd stabbed her attacker with-he looked over at the blood-covered object and had to bite back a grin of pride as he recognized it for what it was. The fact that she'd stabbed her attacker repeatedly in the gut armed with nothing more than an old-fashioned pen didn't mean the bastard hadn't managed to achieve his aim.

As gently as he could, he lifted her h*ps and pulled her panties and sweatpants back up. They were splattered with blood, not hers as far as he could see, but he figured she'd feel less vulnerable if she was covered up when she woke. He smoothed the band around her waist and looked up to find her watching him. Her eyes were wide and dark, too dark, the unfocused look in them worrying him a little.

Light concussion, minor bruising, his onboard informed him even as he smiled at her. "Hey, little human. How are you feeling?"

She blinked and shook her head, as though trying to shake something loose, but smiled in response. "Aries. I didn't expect you..."

She started to sit up, but the color drained out of her face. In a flash he was there, hauling her into his arms to support her against his chest. A soft murmur of thanks escaped her lips as she leaned into him, her small hands curling around his upper arms, clinging in a way that fed the male animal inside. She trusted him, burrowing into his arms like a small animal looking for safety.

"Johnny, not Aries," he corrected on an undertone, shifting so he could lift her in his arms. She was small and light, way too light if anyone were to ask him. During their conversations last night, when they'd rested between sex, he'd gleaned that her ex had told her she was fat, so she'd been on a diet since. Anger rose again at the thought. He'd wanted to rip the guy limb from limb again for making her feel bad about herself. Her curves were perfection itself.

She didn't complain at the change in position, just wrapped her arms around his shoulders and buried her face into the side of his neck. He bit back a groan as her soft lips brushed against the skin of his throat, and his dick responded instantly. He was a freaking pervert. She'd just been attacked, possibly raped or near to it, and all he could think about was the soft couch in the captain's office in front of them, about dropping her on it and spreading her soft thighs so he could get balls-deep in her wet heat again.

Her soft chuckle brought him out of his erotic daydream. "You do realize you're just a bot, right? You're not really Johnny Ram."

Crap. More guilt piled on top of the shit way he felt by lusting after an injured woman. He'd lied to her hand over fist since coming aboard and she hated liars with a passion after the way her ex had treated her. Shame settled in his gut, making him feel sick. How the f**k was he going to get out of this? She was going to hate him for what he'd done, and now looking back, he had to admit it wasn't his best plan ever.

Fucking prick, should've told her as soon as you got aboard.

No use crying over spilt tridirunium, he told himself as the door to the captain's office slid open. He carried her through into the smaller room, enjoying the feeling of her clinging to him as though she trusted him to protect her from all harm far more than he should given the current circumstances.

His stomach churned at the thought of what would have happened had he been even thirty seconds later and the guy that she'd stabbed had managed to get hold of that pulse gun.

The door slid shut behind them with a soft whoosh, cutting the smell of raw meat and excrement in half. The smell of a gut wound, particularly one where the bowel had been damaged, was unmistakable.

Careful not to jostle her in case she had some internal injuries he didn't know about, Johnny settled her onto the couch and crouched next to it. His hand felt too big and brutish, like a bear paw, as he smoothed the hair back from her cheek and hid his wince. Her face was battered and bruised, but bizarrely, pride filled him. Against huge odds, his little human had put up a fight worthy of any cyborg female.

"I am Johnny."

"I think you may have convinced yourself of your own cover story," she said with a smile. Her pupils remained dilated, and the way her hands clung to the cushions of the couch said she still felt dizzy, but she looked at him with the sharp intelligence and wit he'd come to expect from her.

He ignored her little smirk in favor of catching her gaze with a direct look. "Milly, look at me. I'm sorry, sweetheart, but I have to ask... Did he... Did-"

Fuck, he couldn't even say the words, the question sticking in his throat like a Hyborian vole with its digging claws stuck in the dirt around its body.

"No, he didn't manage to..."

Relief surged through him, so intense he could practically taste it. Apart from her face and shoulders, she was unmarked anywhere else, but the possibility of internal damage, something he couldn't detect without the expanded sensors of a medic, had haunted him.

She swallowed, her throat working convulsively as she cast a glance toward the door and the bridge beyond. Pushing on the cushions, she tried to get up. "We need to get the ship turned around. Who knows where they have us headed."

"Sit down."

Hands as gentle as he could make them, he pushed her back down onto the soft couch. She struggled, but she was no match for his enhanced strength. It was like a week-old kitten pitting strength against a full-grown tiger. Not going to happen.

"You need to rest, I'll deal with it. Just give me the central access code for the ship comp."

She lay back with a sigh, closing her eyes for a second. When she opened them, the look she shot him worried him to the bone. Despite the dazed frown she was wearing, it was far too sharp and perceptive.

"You know, you sure don't act like a bot. Not any bot I've ever known anyway."

Fuck. This was it. He needed to come clean. Now. But she was still speaking and her words hammered into his guilt, shaping it into nails for the coffin of his conscience.

"You say you are Johnny. But that's stupid. If by some strange chance you are, then that would mean you and that woman back at the shop, Cyn, both lied to me." She frowned again, shaking her head as though to clear it, the sparkle of tears clear in her dark eyes. Then she laughed, her voice shaky. "No, that's just silly. Why would you both go to such lengths to deceive me?"

Because I'm a f**king idiot who was only thinking with his prick.

He couldn't say it, and it wasn't because the words were stuck in his throat, it was because he knew as soon as those words left his mouth, he was done for. Even though she was half concussed, she was still sharp as a tack. Another deception, even one that had ultimately saved her, would be too much on top of what had just happened.

"I'm not like any bot you've ever seen before, that's why."

The half-lie tripped off his tongue easily as he plucked the medkit from the wall by the couch and opened it. Movements swift with the ease of long practice, he started to clean up the cuts on her face.

"I'm an Aries J-five-three-seven-alpha-bravo with an advanced intelligence chip and enhanced cognitive and social abilities."

She gave him a blank look, which wasn't surprising, since most of what he'd said was grade-A bullshit. Most, not all. He'd told her exactly what he was. He just wasn't referring to android technology.

"I look, think and act human. I have the ability to make independent decisions and my programming allows me the freedom to form my own personality," he elaborated as he dabbed gently at the cuts on her face with the antiseptic cleanser pads.

"I operate up to and outside the normal directives of most bots..." Mainly because he wasn't one, but in his little speech he hadn't claimed to be. Not outright.

She nodded, sucking in a sharp breath as he tended to the bruising at the corner of her lips. He muttered a soft apology, his gaze riveting to her mouth. Feeling an utter pervert, he moved in to kiss her. A surprised murmur escaped her throat as he brushed his lips over hers, backward and forward, trying to be as gentle as he could when all he wanted to do was part her lips and drive into the softness he knew awaited him within. Reassure himself she was alive and revel in the fact as he took her, his bigger body covering hers protectively.

A shudder rolling through him, he reasserted control over himself and pulled back. Her eyes were dark, a darkness and heat that had nothing to do with her concussion.

"I can form attachments and react to situations appropriately," he whispered, all the while hoping she'd put two and two together and realize what he was trying to tell her. "Like wanting to rend those two out there limb from limb when I saw them hurting you..."

She winced, the haunted look returning to her eyes as she flicked a nervous glance at the office door. He kicked himself. Way to go, genius, just remind her she was nearly raped.

Galvanized into action, he reached out and smoothed his thumb over her cheekbone, sliding it down to flirt with the undamaged corner of her lips.

"Or wanting nothing more than to carry you down to your quarters and carry on where we left off."

The tone of his voice dropped, taking on a husky quality as his hand tucked around her neck and smoothed down to her shoulder to distract. "I found some very...interesting items in your locker."

The locker had been crammed full of feminine fripperies, expensive gowns and shoes that he couldn't see his Milly wearing in a lifetime, all carefully packed and folded away. The sort of clothing he'd seen during his days in the fleet, when he and his kind had operated guard duty for the higher-ups and their various balls and soirees. High society.

Presuming that they were from her life with her ex, the dresses hadn't interested him half as much as the vanity case he'd opened up, looking for the shower gel she'd wanted. Inside the innocuous looking case were dildos and vibrators of every shape and size. Hard as a rock within a heartbeat, he'd rifled through them, imagining her using them...imagining her letting him use them on her. His c*ck surged to life, hard and aching in his pants as he stole another kiss.

Diversion, he told himself, even as he felt like a prick for lusting after her when she was out of it. He shouldn't, should stop this now, but he couldn't, quickly finding he had absolutely zero morals where she was concerned. Pressing her back into the soft cushions, he parted her lips with a sweep of his tongue and groaned as she opened up for him with a soft whimper. The kiss was short, started out sweet, but ended with them both breathing heavily and Johnny fighting to retain control.

"You found my toy collection," she murmured as she kissed along his neck, her legs entangled with his on the small couch. It was no good for f**king on. If they took this further, they'd have to move to the desk. "Jas...my ex hated them. Said it made him feel less of a man, that I shouldn't need them or any of the stuff I wanted to do. That he should be enough for me."

Johnny swore softly as her hand meandered down his torso and fought back the need to strip her nak*d, part her legs and make her forget both her ex and the two dead guys out on the bridge.

"I want you to use them. I want to see you use them. I want to use them on you."

He caught her lips in a brief, hard kiss, swallowing her moans. The sexy little sounds drove him crazy. Deliberately he ignored the warnings of his onboard about threat levels and getting the ship back to the station. He'd felt the lurch as they jumped. No one was going anywhere until they dropped back into normal space.

"Oh god, yeah..." Her little plea hit him low down, his c*ck jerking and pulsing savagely in his pants, straining at the zipper. "Jason wouldn't do anything...just wanted me to suck him off, then f**k me for a few minutes until he came. Then he'd roll over and sleep."

Her hands clung to his broad shoulders, nails biting against his skin. Erotic little stings that fed the images rolling through his brain. Instantly he relegated blowjobs to the list of things he wouldn't ask her to do for him.

"He never wanted to experiment. Not even doggy style...no tying up...definitely no..." She paused, a hitch in her breathing and a hot, yet shy look in her gorgeous eyes.

"Definitely no what?" he prompted, wondering what had brought the color to her cheeks and the sexy little look to her face. Fuck, he had it bad for her.

She shook her head, biting at her lip in a way that made him want to forget everything that was going on around them, forget he was a cyborg and she thought he was a bot, and just ride off into the sunset with her. Of course, first he'd have to find a sunset, but it was the thought that counted, right?

"Kinky stuff. You know..." Gods, this was sounding better and better. "Using toys, more than one..." He held his breath, but let her continue without prompting. "Maybe even 'back there'." She hid her face against his chest, hiding her expression from him "Oh god, I can't believe I'm saying this to a bot. But you're like a sex toy anyway, aren't you? So it's okay."

Fuck. She was going to be the death of him. Johnny's blood roared in his ears as he fought to get his body's reaction under control. His little human wanted the kinky stuff, did she? That wasn't a problem. Hell, it would never be a problem. Just the thought of spreading her wide and taking her ass had him ready to come in his pants right there.

"Hell, yeah. It's more than okay."

He ignored the comment about him being a sex toy, glad beyond belief that Cyn hadn't been around to hear that one. He'd never hear the end of it. "And as soon as I get you back to your room, I'm going to prove just how okay it is."

Chapter Eight

He'd fought on the desert planets of the Gerleran system, and the ice moons of Petia Four, but Johnny had never found anything as difficult as leaving Milly in the Captain's office of the Starflame while he went about cleaning up. Tucked onto the couch with a light blanket and her eyes drifting shut from the shot he'd given her, she looked adorable.

He watched her for a moment, a smile on his lips. She looked cute and soft, her usual hard-edged demeanor gone as she snuggled into the cushions, ready to sleep. The shot was nothing serious, just a light painkiller for her headache which wouldn't interfere with the concussion. He'd given it to her after she'd recited the main computer access code. Free of pain and worn out from the emotional distress, she would be asleep in minutes. His expression hardened as he turned back to the door and walked out onto the bridge. Time to sort this crapshoot of a situation out.

The smell hit him first. Blood and death, a perfume that had pervaded his life until he was sure it seeped from his pores. Dickwad and Fucktard still lay where he'd left them, their bodies twisted and grotesque. Normally he didn't bother with his kills, simply dropped them and moved on. This time was different. Because of what they'd done and planned to do to Milly, he wanted to kill them again, mutilate their corpses in the vain hope that the agony would follow them into death and as a warning to anyone against messing with his woman.

His woman...

Who thought he was some kind of fancy bot and who he'd lied to consistently. He had to find a way to tell her the truth, a way that meant she would still have something to do with him or at the very least not space him before they returned to the station.

Gritting his teeth, he set about cleaning up. There was a maintenance hatch to the right of the main view screen leading to the access tubes that riddled the ship like a rabbit warren. It was how he'd reached the bridge without using the lift.

"Fuck, you should've gone on a diet, mate," he grunted as he manhandled the pilot through the hatch and waited for the dull thud as he hit the walkway beyond. Once they'd dropped out of the jump, the access tubes could be vented to space to get rid of the bodies and their accompanying stink.

Returning for the second body, he dragged it across the bridge, leaving a trail of blood and nastier fluids in its wake. At least this area wasn't carpeted, so he could simply mop it down and get rid of the evidence. Not that he was bothered, he could simply ignore the smell, but he didn't want anything left behind to upset Milly when she woke.

As he reached the hatch, a comm unit crackled.

"Welch, Vors...what's happenin' up there? We're like fookin' sardines down 'ere. How close are we to the jump end?"

Crap. There were more of them. Johnny dropped the body and patted down the pockets, totally ignoring the guy's sightless eyes. He'd known others, even cyborgs, who couldn't stand a dead man's eyes, but it didn't bother him. It wasn't like they could do anything from where they were.

"You'd better not be having too much fun with the woman. Remember, we're looking for a piece of the action before she gets sent off to one of the farms. And unlike them, we'd kinda like her still to look like a woman, not a bit of bloody meat."

He yanked the comm unit from the guy's back pocket, and schooled the rush of anger at yet another threat to Milly. This one, though, was far more insidious. The reference to farms could only mean one thing. Once they were done with her, they were going to sell her to one of the organ processing units. In the main systems they were legit operations, requiring both a death certificate and a medical examination before any payment was made. Signs of a violent death would mean the body was impounded and the seller arrested on suspicion of murder. Out here, there was less paperwork and even fewer ethics. Obvious cause of death or even mere unconsciousness was often ignored before money exchanged hands and the victim was loaded into a stripping unit. It was a brutal way to go.

Clicking down the button on the side, he spoke. His voice when it issued was higher and more whining than before. A perfect match for the guy whose neck he'd done a one-eighty on.

"Wait your f**king turn. We're not done yet," he snarled as he strode over to the first officer's station at the back of the bridge. "She's a hot piece of ass, though. Pity you're locked down until we drop out."

His fingers danced over the controls as he started to isolate the source of the comm signal. Where were they?

The comm erupted with foul curses, most directed at Welch and his comrade about their supposed carnal enjoyment of Milly. Johnny ignored it as he narrowed down the signal. Yes, there. They were on the ventral hull, near the stern, a small shuttle attached to the armored plating like a parasite.

Leaving them just a laugh to think about, he cut the comm and crossed back to the pilot's station. The seat was obviously designed for a smaller man, or a woman, but he crammed his tall, muscled frame into it and flicked the displays up. Their jump course overlaid a star-map, a counter in the corner counting down to the end point. They were about halfway through the jump, so he didn't have much room to maneuver.

"Computer, change jump destination point to coordinates seven-seven-alpha-zero-niner by nine-three-juliet-two-five. Authorization Locke-sierra-seven-nine-four. Please confirm."

Silence greeted his words. He'd shortened the jump, which would drop them into normal space within a couple of minutes. He reclined in the chair as he waited for the computer's response as it worked out the new drop point. He could practically hear it crunching the numbers. Hell, they really needed to get the flame's mainframe updated. The fun Cyn could have with a whole ship to play with...

"Warning, alteration of jump destination will jeopardize fuel consumption rates for onward journey. Do you wish to proceed?"

"Acceptable. Confirm course change and drop us."

"Confirmed. Dropping to normal space in one minute, twenty seconds."

There were many stories about the ruthlessness of cyborgs when they went into combat. Merciless killers, they'd been bred in a lab, matured in tanks and gone under the surgeon's knife before they'd achieved consciousness for the first time.

Most of that was true, Johnny acknowledged as he strapped weaponry around his body from the small weapons cache kept on the bridge. He checked the power pack on the pulse assault carbine in his hands and shoved it home before activating the weapon with practiced movements. Another carbine was slung crosswise over his back, he had pistols on both h*ps and a small shotgun in a spine sheath. A trench knife played peekaboo from the top of his boot as he strode across the bridge to the lift.

No, far from the hardened psychopaths they were labeled, all cyborgs were "born" from the tanks a blank slate. Like a terran pitbull forced to fight in the ring, it took intervention and cruelty to create a monster. He flicked the safety off the carbine as the lift doors slid shut in front of him, rage surging through every cell in his body.

He'd spent years serving the fleet and he'd never once stepped over the line from thinking, feeling soldier who just happened to be cybernetic to cold, heartless cyborg killer. Attacking Milly was one step too far, as the two life signs he'd picked up in the shuttle were about to find out.

It took him less than ten minutes to traverse the length and depth of the ship, his boots pounding the metal deck plates at a dead run that would have taxed his system had he been merely human. But he wasn't, he was a cyborg and unlike his organic systems, the tri-sappherium crystals that powered his combat chassis never tired.

He swung into the corridor they'd breached and plastered himself to the wall behind a support strut. The corridor was dark. It had taken some arguments with the Starflame's old and crabby computer core and lowering his body temperature by a few degrees, but the computer was now set not to recognize him as a life form. He shook his head, he really had to get Cyn on the ship to deal with the thing. A couple of upgrades and one of the new AI cores and Milly wouldn't know the place.

He leaned out and peered down the corridor. Like all the lower decks, this one didn't have the luxury of the extruded fabric walls and neat checker plate flooring that marked the bridge and upper levels. Instead the walls were bare bulkheads marked at intervals by internal support struts and the floor was little more than a mesh walkway over the conduits and piping running beneath.

But he wasn't interested in the interior decoration. Instead, his attention was fixed on the boarding hatch ten feet down, on the opposite wall. Standard issue, it featured interlocking rings to clamp onto the hull of another ship, and an arc cutter to slice pressurized plating. A one-stop operation that both created a big enough hole to board through and equalized the pressure on both sides at the same time. It was a sweet bit of equipment he'd heard about but never used.

The sound of the hatch sliding open echoed through the corridor. Johnny tightened his hold on the pistol grip of his rifle and waited. Sure enough, a leg extended through the opening.

"Told you we'd dropped out of jump space. I didn't think this crate could move so fast...it's bigger than your butt. And we all know how fas-"

Johnny squeezed the trigger. He'd never purposely shot to wound before, but he did now, peppering the leg and torso which emerged from the hatch. The energy bolts sizzled as they streaked through the air, burning through clothing and skin alike to slam into the tender flesh beneath. The hijacker's body danced like a marionette with a maniac on the strings as screams filled the corridor. Fuck, his shoot to wound skills needed some updating.

Six hits. Vital organ damage, femoral artery damage, circulatory system fatally compromised. Death imminent.

His onboard kept up a stream of information as he moved from cover, stalking toward the board hatch and the dying man squirming there as the damaged artery in his thigh continued the paint the inside of the opening scarlet.

"What the fuck?! Darrick...fuckfuckfuck!"

Johnny ignored the swearing from inside the shuttle in favor of wrapping a hard hand around the newly named Darrick's ankle and yanking. The still twitching man slithered from the hatch into a boneless heap in front of it. Johnny didn't flinch as blood splattered in a warm spray over the side of his rib cage and down over his leg. The pulses were getting weaker now and the light in Darrick's eyes fading as his heart struggled to find blood to pump. He was f**ked, properly f**ked, and try as he might, Johnny couldn't find any sympathy in his heart.

"Screw you, a**hole!" The hijacker still inside the shuttle screamed and slammed the internal door across. Johnny shook his head. As if a thin sheet of metal was going to stop him. The carbine clattered as he dropped it on the metal floor next to the dead man.

Winding his shoulder back, Johnny let fly with his fist. Punching like the machine he was, he hammered at the metal in front of him, venting all his rage and fury on the barrier. Thuds rang out like old-fashioned gunshots as he punched deep holes in the metal. It screamed and squealed, twisting like a living thing under his blows before one heavy punch spilt it like the skin of an overripe orange. His lips quirked, a line from an old holo-vid he'd seen a week ago springing to mind.

"Heeeeere's Johnny."

Grabbing the edges of the split metal, he tore it like paper, throwing huge chunks behind him before shouldering his way through the gap. He dropped onto the floor of the shuttle, trench knife in hand, and looked around for the occupant.

"Fuck you, you stay away from me, bastard!"

Johnny caught movement out of the corner of his eye and twisted automatically, his arm lifting into a block just in the nick of time. A second later and the fire extinguisher the hijacker was using as a club would have caught him on the side of the face.

"Oooooh, rocking it in the improvisation stakes," the cyborg taunted and dropped to the floor. Weight on his hands, he sliced his legs around, the scissor action taking the hijacker's right out from under him. In a second, Johnny was all over him like a bad rash.

"Hold f**king still," he snarled but the guy fought back like a bucking Bacaral, twisting as Johnny tried to slam a fist in his face. His knuckles left an imprint in the metal right where the hijacker's face had been not a moment before. He turned wide eyes up to Johnny.

"What are you?"

"I'm your worst f**king nightmare."

Johnny grinned and let his serial code show through on his cheek. The hijacker paled, right as Johnny's fist hammered into his temple and dropped him into unconsciousness.

The sound of running water brought Milly out of sleep slowly, fighting every step of the way. She was warm and cozy where she was, but the warning buzz at the back of her mind said she'd forgotten something. Something important.

As she opened her eyes, it hit her. The memories poured back, slamming into and rolling over her. Her breath caught in her throat as she recalled the hijack, being dragged onto the bridge and what had happened after. Fear held her rigid as image after brutal image flashed through her mind, all backed up in graphic detail as she remembered the pain of her face hitting the table, the smell of blood and other nastier things as she'd stabbed the guy trying to rape her...

Then there had been Johnny. Her Aries had come to rescue her, killing two humans in the process. Something no bot should be able to do, but he wasn't just any bot, was he? He was some kind of uber-bot, able to think...and feel?

She sat up in bed, gaze going instinctively to the glass door of the shower alcove and the shadowy male figure behind it. There was no mistaking Johnny's tall, broad-shouldered form and relief hit her at jump speed. He was here, he would protect her.

When did she start thinking of him as Johnny, rather than the bot or the Aries? When he'd taken her with such power and desperation in the shower...or when he'd arrived on the bridge like an avenging angel? No, it was neither. She knew the exact point when her perception of him had changed. It had been when he'd carried her, battered and bruised, from the bridge to her office and set about cleaning the battered mess of her face with such tenderness.

Sliding from the bed, she ran a distracted hand through her hair. Her nose wrinkled as she got a look at her clothing, the sweat pants and clingy t-shirt ripped and splattered with dark spots she was trying hard not to think about as blood. She must look like a total freaking mess.

The door slid open to reveal Johnny on the other side. Naked and fully aroused, his c*ck jutted proudly from his body in a rampant declaration of masculinity. Water beaded across his skin, highlighting his washboard abs and the hard musculature of his chest and shoulders. Heat slammed through her, settling in her stomach as a heavy weight and extending tendrils of desire and awareness through her body. Her p**sy ached, desperate to feel the thick slide of his c*ck as he claimed her again. God help her, he was gorgeous. She wanted him in the worst possible way. Over her, under her, behind her...any way she could get him and in every hole he'd fit.

Her breath hitched, stalled in her throat at the expression on his face. Tight and feral, his hooded gaze swept over her with possession and desire, the need to f**k her etched deeply into his handsome features. It was the look she'd always wanted to see on a man's face, but never expected to see on a bot's.

What made a man, though? Kindness? Tenderness to those weaker than himself? Decency to those around him? Courage under fire? Johnny had those all in spades...which by her reckoning made him far more of a man than her waste of space of an ex-husband. Bot...man...who cared when he looked at her like that, crooking a finger to beckon her closer.

She sauntered toward him, all mental debates over his status as a person disappearing under the surge of desire running rampant through her body. Right now, she didn't care what he was. She could deal with all that later.

"Shower," he ordered, looming over her in a way that made her feel small and feminine but not threatened. Never threatened. Heat gushed at the rough tone of his voice, soaking the thin panties she wore. "Leave the door open, I want to watch you."

Unable to do more than nod, she watched as he walked across to the bed. The view was just as good from the back as the front. He had an ass that could crack nuts, firm globes that just begged for her to dig her fingers into. Preferably when he was balls-deep inside her, riding her to a mind-shattering orgasm. Her gaze fell on the vanity case by the side of the bed. He'd fetched her toy case. She'd missed it when she woke.

Heat flared in her cheeks as she started to strip, trying not to watch Johnny as he lounged over her bed, still butt nak*d and totally unashamed. Watching her, he reached down and wrapped a big fist around his cock. She stopped, panties around her thighs as he started to stroke. Root to tip, the thick length of his rigid c*ck played peekaboo either side of his fist as he pumped. All the time his eyes were on her, even when a bead of moisture welled on the tip. She moaned, desperate to lick it off.

"Shower, now. Or you don't get f**ked."

His deep voice broke through the fantasy and she realized she'd started to take a step toward him. It was a good job. With her pants at half mast, if she'd taken one more step, she'd have face-planted onto the deck at his feet. Not the best way to start the night.

"And believe me, I plan to really f**k you." He pumped again, using his other hand to cup his balls, playing with them as she watched.

Swearing under her breath, she stripped her clothes off with more haste than finesse and stepped under the spray. For a second, the feeling of the power shower and the needlelike impacts across her skin distracted her, but a groan from the bed snapped her eyes open again.

He was watching her, the expression in his eyes heated as she grabbed the shower gel and scrubbed herself down. This was going to be the quickest damn shower she'd ever taken, the need to get out and get on that bed overwhelming all else. After all that had happened on the bridge, she needed to be held, needed to fuck, needed to feel she was still alive and glory in it. She rinsed, her foot already over the edge of the shower tray when his voice sounded again.

"No. Stay there." It was an order, pure and simple, barked with a tone of command she instinctively responded to. Stopping, she arched an eyebrow curiously. He still lay on the bed, pumping his c*ck lazily, but all his attention was on her.

"Put some gel on your fingers. I want to see you touch yourself."

Oh my. Heat suffused her body, her n**ples tightening into rigid bullets as her cl*t throbbed almost painfully.

"Lean back. Yeah, like that..." She reached out and depressed the dispenser, feeling the soapy gel ooze over her fingers. Her eyes didn't leave his, riveted by his intense gaze. Biting her lower lip, she did as she was told, following his instructions.

"Lift your leg...spread those pretty p**sy lips."

His gaze moved from hers, his attention locked on her parted thighs and the area between. Her cunt ached as he groaned, needing the thick c*ck he fisted faster as she slid her fingers along her lower lips.

"That's it, rub your clit. Show me how you make yourself come."

She did, circling the throbbing pleasure center with her index finger. Back and forth, over and around, faster and faster until soft breathy moans slipped from her lips and she leaned back against the tiled wall, her thighs parted as wide as she could get them. Tension mounted in her body, until a fine shiver ran along her limbs and her h*ps thrust of their own accord. She'd told him her deepest fantasies, that she like to use toys, among other things, and all those ran through her mind now as she brought herself off in front of him.

"Fuck, yeah...you look amazing."

His fist moved faster, his shaft slick and wet under his hand as he pumped. The head was flushed, deep purple as the big vein along the bottom pulsed as she watched.

"Fuck yourself with your fingers," he ordered, his voice deeper and rougher as he watched her like a hawk. "You're so slick and wet. I want to see them covered in your cunt juice."

Biting back her own groan, she did as he wanted. Her free hand fluttered up to caress her tit, pulling and tweaking her nipple as she slid two fingers deep into her p**sy and pumped them. They both groaned, the sounds merging together as her fingers moved, her h*ps rolling as she f**ked herself on them.

"Oh god..." She couldn't stop the moan that slipped from her lips. "I'm gonna come-"

"Stop! Come here. Now, Milly."

Chapter Nine

Shocked by the sharp tone of his voice she nonetheless moved, stumbling a little on shaky legs as she crossed the room to the bed, dripping water everywhere. He was already sitting on the edge, his face tight with control. Without speaking, he spun her around, a hard hand on her back, bending her over so her ass was on the same level as his face.

Heat licked her cheeks, the need to come raging through her until every cell and nerve ending screamed for release. His big hands parted her, displaying her ass and cunt for him but she didn't care about embarrassment. Instead she thrust back, wriggling her h*ps in invitation.

"So pink and wet. Gorgeous," he whispered, his words hot puffs against her sensitized flesh that made her moan. Then his tongue slid against her p**sy lips in a hot, wet brush of sensation that made her keen and she lost the ability to speak. He licked from cl*t to slit, then slid his tongue deep into her cunt to collect her p**sy juices with a groan of approval and need. The feeling of his warm mouth on her, even as water cooled and dried over her skin, was one of the most erotic experiences she'd ever had.

The orgasm that had been so close danced around her, her breathing compromised as he parted the globes of her ass with his big hands and slicked his tongue up and over the dark rosette before moving back down to her cunt. She whimpered and begged as he feasted on her, flicking his tongue over her clit, then went back to f**king her with his tongue until she thought she'd lose her mind. But he wouldn't let her come, his licks over her cl*t erratic, just enough to keep her on the edge, but not enough to tumble her over it.

"God...please. Johnny, please..."

Her whimpered plea seemed to have the right effect. Growling in the back of his throat, he stabbed his tongue deep one last time and moved down. His tongue lashed and danced over her cl*t as he went to town. She grabbed her br**sts, teasing and tweaking the n**ples as he flicked and licked the tiny bundle of flesh. Shudders rolled through her frame, her legs shaking as the tension in her lower body reached breaking point. His mouth was hot and felt so good...just a little more. She just needed a little more.

Latching onto her clit, he sucked it between his lips and she was lost. As he sucked hard, pleasure slammed into her, making her h*ps buck and thrust her p**sy harder against him. He simply growled and held on, sucking and flicking over her pulsing cl*t as she came against his mouth in wave after shattering wave.

Boneless, she needed his hard hands on her, not complaining as he tumbled her onto the bed, arranging her on her hands and knees. Before the rolls of her cli**x had stopped, she felt the thick head of his c*ck against the slick entrance to her p**sy and with one hard push, he rammed the entire length inside her. She whimpered, her cunt pierced and forced to part for the thick shaft, her own excitement making the hard penetration a thing of pleasure and delicious friction as her walls clamped down around him.

"God, you're tight." His voice was strained behind her as he grabbed her hips, using them to hold onto as he pulled back to slam into her again. The pace was fast and furious as his balls slapped against her still throbbing clit. Even though she'd only just come, hard tension snatched at her core again. Shit, this was what she wanted. A man who knew what he wanted and how to get them both there. His breath rasped as he panted behind her, giving her the quickest, dirtiest f**k of her life. And she loved it.

Tension and pleasure welled at the same time and within seconds she started to push back against him, urging and egging him on to take her hard and fast. It didn't take long before her p**sy spasmed again, and she screamed his name as she came in long, hot waves over his cock.

He slowed, pumping his h*ps lazily as a large hand stroked down her back. Still jerking and shuddering under him, a soft moan escaped her lips as each slow slide drew her pleasure out until she felt like she was floating above the bed.

"That's it, sweetheart. Relax, let me love you."

His deep voice wove a spell around her as she stretched out in front of him on the bed, his hand between her shoulders urging her down until her cheek rested against the cool sheets. A shudder worked its way through her body as she grabbed handfuls of the cotton just for something to hold onto. Her ass stuck up in the air but she didn't care, not if he kept f**king her like he was, every stroke sending new waves of heat and sensation shimmering through her body.

His low voice rumbled around her, uttering soft words of endearment as his hands smoothed over her sides. They reached around to cup her br**sts, testing their weight. Big and warm, the calluses on his palms abraded the stiff buds of her n**ples. She moaned in encouragement, arching her back to thrust the twin mounds into his hands as she ground back against his cock. She needed more, so much more, and she knew he could give it to her. As much as she needed and then some.

"Behave," he ordered, tweaking her n**ples before letting go. She gasped, the twin points of pleasure and pain throbbing as heat arched between the turgid buds and her clit. He cursed as she tightened around his c*ck buried deep inside her, surging and pressing against her in ways that made her whimper in need.

"Fuck...that's good. I love the feel of you around my cock. So hot and wet."

His hands slid around her waist, caressing the narrow expanse before sliding out onto her h*ps and onto her ass. Strong fingers caressed the rounded globes, parting them as he pumped in and out of her cunt. A small whimper escaped her as cool air hit her ass, making her dance and wriggle on his cock.

He gasped. Swore.

"Behave, or this won't last long enough."

He sounded just like any other man, concerned about lasting, even though for a bot it wasn't an issue.

Leaning over, he covered her briefly, the warm steel of his chest brushing against her back as he reached for the case by the bed. Milly groaned at the thought of what was in there and closed her eyes. She didn't want to see what he picked. Anything in there would turn her on, the thought of him using them on her even more so.

A bottle snapped open as he straightened, c*ck buried all the way inside her still, then something cold and wet dripped against her ass. Before she could do more than react with a gasp, his strong fingers were there, circling the tight rosebud and smoothing the lube into her.

She groaned, a dark thrill running through her as he started to f**k her again. His thrusts timed with the circling of his finger until all she could concentrate on was the feel of his c*ck in the tight sheath of her p**sy and the wicked digit as it teased her ass.

"You like this, Milly?" The circling became pressure, until just the broad tip of his finger penetrated her ass. She whimpered, nodding as he circled the rim of strong muscles. "You like me playing with your ass? Like my finger here?"

The bottle squirted again, more lube landing cold and wet against her ass. She bit her lip, pressing her forehead into the cool sheets as he pulled his finger free only to press it and more lube into her. His thrusts became shallow as he worked her ass, adding more lube to his forays against her anal opening until, with a gentle, insistent push, he slid the finger all the way in.

"You're a naughty little girl, aren't you?" he taunted, deep voice strained.

She moaned, nodded and shoved her ass back as he started to thrust in and out, gently at first, but then stronger, faster, as her pants urged him on. More lube and a second finger followed the first. Milly swore, reaching between her legs to strum her fingers against her cl*t as dark pleasure mounted.

"That's it, baby, you take it all. God, you feel f**king fantastic. Does it feel good?"

"Uh huh," she managed on a pant as he started to scissor his fingers, stretching and preparing her ass. She wasn't slow, she knew where this was going and the thought of his thick, fat c*ck in her ass filled her with excitement. "Tight, but good. Full..."

"You're gonna get more filled than this." He chuckled, the sound dirty as all hell, and pulled his c*ck from her p**sy and fingers from her ass at the same time.

She pouted, unable to hold back her moan of disappointment as a sense of loss filled her. Starting to turn around and demand that he carry on, her words were cut off as she heard a soft click. The next second something warm and hard pressed against the slick lips of her p**sy.

"Oh god..."

The familiar vibrations of the toy warned her a second before he started to push the thick cock-shaped vibrator into her. Wide and long, it was the one she favored, but even as turned-on as she was, it was a tight fit. He murmured crude words about what he was going to do to her, as he worked it into her slick cunt. She keened, eyes rolling into the back of her head as the silicon tentacles activated and grew to curl around her body, seeking her clit. When they found it, they hugged her body, holding the toy in place as they started to vibrate. Her p**sy, parted almost to the point of pain, throbbed in time with the pulsing over her clit. Automatically her h*ps rocked, trying to get more of the delicious sensation.

"Fuck, that's it. You ride that thick purple cock," he urged, voice harsh. The top of the lube bottle snapped again, followed by a slick slurping sound that had to be him lubing his cock. She whimpered, pulling and tweaking at her n**ples as she waited.

He didn't keep her waiting long. Within seconds he was back, the familiar heat and strength of his thighs pressed against the back of hers. Drawing a ragged breath, she felt him move. Something hard and wide pressed against the opening of her ass.

She stopped breathing, adjusting to the new feeling, but only for a second. As though sensing her hesitation or perhaps her lack of movement, the vibrator filling her p**sy kicked up a notch, the tendrils wrapping around her cl*t as they sped up their attention.

"Relax, push out against me," he urged softly, hands parting her ass cheeks as he pushed into her. There was pressure verging into pain and she winced, ready to pull away. But then, eased by his attentions and the lube, the head breached the tight ring of muscle. Her feminine moan mingled with his masculine one as he slid all the way into her on a long, hot, burning slid of sensation.

She'd never felt so full in her life with the thick purple vibrator in her p**sy and his c*ck pulsing in her ass. So full it was almost painful, a tight, burning sensation she wasn't sure how to describe.

"Breathe, it'll pass." His gentle hands stroked her waist, down her side as he held perfectly still. Slowly the sensation passed and the urge to move took over. Not an urge, a need. Biting her lip, she pushed back experimentally and was rewarded with deep, dark pleasure so rich and layered it was like the most expensive Altorian chocolate.

"Move," she demanded, the need to be f**ked, hard, overriding all else. She didn't care what happened around them, all she cared about was getting more of the delicious forbidden pleasure cascading through her. "I need you to move. Fuck me. Now."

"Your wish..." He pulled back and surged into her again, the vibrator keeping itself in place easily. She whimpered as he did it again and again. The vibe was reactive to stimuli, so as he moved, it pulsed root to tip, simulating a thrusting cock. As Johnny pulled out, it pulsed in and vice versa, until the two were moving in perfect concert.

"You like that, huh?" he whispered as he bent over her, every muscle in his big, powerful frame bent to f**king her. "Thick c*ck in your ass, another in your p**sy. Does it get you hot, Milly, being f**ked like this?"

"Yes...yes, just...harder," she demanded, his words turning her on all the more as he pounded into her ass. Conversation devolved into grunts and strained moans and a whimpering she realized was her own as the tension, the ache in her body wound higher and higher.

Then it stopped. For one blissful moment between Johnny pulling out and thrusting back in again, she floated. A perfect moment. Then he shoved, the vibe pulsed in response and she screamed his name as ecstasy crashed over and washed her away.

He was absolutely, one hundred percent in love.

Twelve hours later, Johnny sat in the first officer's chair on the bridge and watched as Milly flitted about like a hyperactive butterfly. How she did it, he had no idea. By rights she should be exhausted, since he'd kept her up half the night. She'd pleaded exhaustion, but he was nothing if not persuasive, only letting her grab a little sleep before the need that kept his body in a constant state of arousal around her became overwhelming and he woke her so they could start again.

With the ship safe in orbit around a Class-G planet, tucked in the dark side of the largest of the three moons, he'd expected her to sleep in. Instead, she'd been wide awake by eight a.m. intergalactic time and grumping at him for letting her sleep so long.

A fond smile curved his lips. He'd discovered two things this morning. She was so not a morning person and she was a cute grump. So cute he wanted to wind her up just to see temper flash in her pretty eyes, then kiss the end of her nose just to see what she would do.

Tall frame stretched out in the large chair, he tapped his fingers lightly on the console by his side. He was glad he was an earlier riser than she was, managing to clear the bridge of any sign of yesterday's violence before she got back up here. She'd stiffened, a look of panic on her face just before she stepped back onto the bridge, one that quickly turned to relief at the pristine condition of the place. He'd have taken on legions of fleet soldiers single-handedly for the smile she'd given him then.

Milly's voice echoed around the bridge, a soothing refrain as she turned the ship around and plotted a course back to Taalsix station. They'd done it. Beaten off the hijackers and were well on their way to returning to the station, not only with their lives but also with their cargo intact. He allowed himself to relax and just watch his woman.

Sitting in the pilot's chair, she operated the big cargo transport like she'd been born at the helm. Slender fingers flew over the pilot's console as she calculated a new course and locked it in. Johnny's gaze locked onto them as his onboard memory replayed segments of those hands and what they felt like on his body...smoothing over him and wrapping around his cock.

Heat slammed into him like a shuttle with its boosters on full, his c*ck hard and aching in a heartbeat. Spreading his legs, he didn't bother to hide the state of his body in case Milly looked over. The sight would have one of two possible reactions. Her breathing would catch and she'd make that sexy little moan in the back of her throat that drove him nuts or she'd tell him his "Experimental predictive arousal system" was malfunctioning.

In his head, that conversation would then morph into a seamless explanation and apology as to the fact he wasn't a bot at all, simply pretending to be. The daydream Milly would be outraged, but his kisses would win her around and he'd carry her back down to her quarters so he could prove to her a man could love her just as well as a bot. Better, in fact.

Johnny, you're a f**king idiot.

He sighed as the little voice in the back of his head, one that sounded suspiciously like Cyn, sneered at him. More likely, she'd shoot him full of holes with the pulse-pistol she'd insisted on strapping to her thigh and dump him out of the nearest airlock as soon as she realized he'd lied to her. Damned if he did, damned if he didn't. At the moment, nothing he did could make things better, but he had high hopes that the situation would change and he could somehow find a way to explain to her without appearing to be a complete lying a**hole.

She sighed as she locked the new coordinates in and pulled the ship out of orbit with a confidence he found fascinating. Sure, it was something he could do without batting an eyelid, but that was with cognitive relays and a bio-organic onboard computer. He was on his feet and had drifted closer before he realized it. The fact that she was piloting cold, with just human reflexes, amazed him.

Registering his presence, she cast him a little smile over her shoulder, which brought his attention right back to her. She'd showered this morning, the scent of her floral shower gel and the citrus shampoo she'd used on her hair wrapping around him, teasing and tantalizing his senses.

Her hair scraped up into a messy bun on top of her head, her face was completely bare of makeup and the skinny vest and cargo pants she wore couldn't be considered alluring by any stretch of the imagination, but the whole package hit him low in the gut with a blast of lust. All he wanted to do was shove the control console over her lap aside, strip her nak*d and nail her right there in the pilot's chair.

Her frown stopped him in his tracks.

"What's wrong?"

Fingers flying over the console, she shook her head. "Got something on long-range sensors. Another ship by the looks of it. Big, whatever it is."

Chapter Ten

"How big?"

His voice was filled with calm interest as she pulled the sensor feeds to display them on the main screen. The fact that she was doing so, for a bot of all things, made perfect sense in the warped reality her life had become. Academically, she knew he wasn't real, that he was a combination of high tech parts and an artificial intelligence core for a brain, but who was to say that didn't mean he wasn't real? That he couldn't be self aware, have hopes and dreams just like the next person.

The screen in front of them filled with images and readouts, so she put her internal debate about the nature of life aside. A frown creased her brow.

"That looks like a fleet vessel."

"Yeah, it does. Let me..." Johnny reached over her shoulder, his big hand fast on the console as he pulled different information from the ship database. Awe filled her as his fingers danced and more and more information piled onto the screen. She could never have operated the console that quickly.

"Denaris-class destroyer-escort. Bearing three-seven-nine-alpha. Coming in fast on a search sweep," he said, puzzlement evident in his voice. "We're a little out in the sticks for a destroyer to be patrolling. There's very little pirate activity in this area."

She shrugged, her attention caught by his nearness and the subtle scent of shower gel rising off his warm skin. Under it, the smell of warm man wound around her senses. He was so close the heat from his body beat at the skin of her arm and shoulder. All she had to do was turn her head and she could brush her lips against his neck, against the emerging stubble of his beard. Huh, she'd never noticed that on a bot before. They were normally clean shaven-

"We're being pinged. Do you recognize this identity code? It's not one I've seen from a fleet vessel before."

He turned his head to catch her gaze, and paused for a second as he caught her watching him. Heat and darkness flared in his eyes, the green swallowed up by the gold, for a second before he shook his head as though to clear it.

"Sorry, little one. No time. But hold that thought." Leaning down, he caught her lips in a quick kiss. She was still reeling from it as the computer chirped to indicate an incoming communications hail.

"Vos, what the f**k do you think you're playing at? You're in the wrong freaking system!"

Vos. Hearing that name, the name of one of the hijackers, over the comm froze Milly in place. She turned wide eyes onto Johnny, seeing the same realization written over his features she knew had spread over hers. The hijackers had been meeting up with another ship, a fleet ship.

Not just any fleet ship, but a destroyer. A ship with enough weaponry to blow a planet out of space, never mind a civilian transporter. If cargo space equaled speed, then they were the fastest thing out on the space lanes, but it didn't. The Starflame was a big-bellied behemoth designed for lugging cargo at a set pace.

"That is so not good. I'm jamming the signal. Can you plot us a jump vector?" Johnny was already moving, using a few commands she'd never seen before to split the helm console in two. She gawked as the half he was working on dropped the user interface, leaving her looking at what she assumed was raw code. Whatever it was, he seemed to understand it.

"Vos? What the hell is going on over there? We can't raise Darrick or Hiram either."

Who the hell were Darrick and Hiram? She'd only seen two, and those weren't what they'd called each other.

"Crap, they're powering weapons. Out of the chair, now."

"What?" she squeaked a reply but she was already moving, aided by his large hands as he bundled her from the chair and crammed his large frame into it. "What the hell...it takes years to learn to pilot one of these things!"

Yanking the console, he locked it into place over his lap. His teeth flashed white as he shot her a quick grin. "Maybe for you-"

"Let me guess...experimental pilot chip?" she asked as she raced across the bridge. Her butt hit the first officer's chair even as she reached for the straps to clip herself in. If that thing got a weapons lock on them, then this was going to be a hot jump and the last thing she needed was to be unsecured during a hottie. There were more than enough horror stories of unsecured crew ending up an inch thin red smear over the nearest bulkhead. Not a good way to go.

He grunted in answer behind her as she flicked the FO's console on and watched in amazement as he took the autopilot offline and dumped the ship into manual mode. The deck lurched under their feet, but he had it, catching the ship and stabilizing it before it could be dragged into the gravitational pull of the nearby planet. The roar of the engines powering up mingled with the metallic squeal of the ship's space frame as he pushed it beyond its theoretical limits.

"Hell, your creator really did a great job on you. I'm just surprised she put so much...stuff into a sexbot."

And she was. He handled the ship like a pro. No bot she'd ever seen could handle a ship like that or had half the abilities and sheer normalness he displayed. The amount of money it had taken to develop him must have been immense, and it couldn't have been just for the sex trade. Fucking didn't need a bot that could drop an attacker like a trained killer or the ability to pilot megaton transports. She froze, fingers extended over her own keyboard.

"Shit! Will your creator have listed you as stolen? Is that why we were hijacked?"

"Not likely."

His short laugh echoed around the bridge as the engines wound up to full power. Even at top speed, they seemed to be moving at a snail's pace and threats poured in over the comms unit. Reaching over, she cut it off, silencing the filth in mid-sentence. It was safe to assume they'd realized the hijacking team weren't in charge.

"And since you're only half loaded, they're either inept or they have another agenda. Hold tight, we're jumping."

"Ugggghhh," was all she managed as Johnny initiated the jump and everything lurched.

She curled her hands like claws around the console in front of her and tried to keep the contents of her stomach where they belonged. She hated hot jumps. Hell, she hated normal jumps, but hotties were the worst. Without the normal build up it was like every cell in her body had been wrenched sideways a few inches, then jiggled up and down. Violently.

"Hold on, sweet stuff." His deep voice sounded behind her, his tones reassuring as she resisted the urge to lay her head down on the cool surface of the console. The entire bridge rattled around and the navigator's console exploded in a spray of sparks. The acrid smell of melting plasti-flex and fried conduits filled the room, burning her lungs.

"Nearly...there. Hold on, dropping to normal space."

The ship lurched again, and Milly's cells snapped back to their normal position. Dragging a deep breath into her lungs, she waited for the queasiness to pass. After a few seconds, she turned, meeting Johnny's gaze and nodding that she was okay.

They sat in silence, the ship settling around them with metallic groans. Gazes riveted to the sensor feeds on the main console, they waited for something, anything, to indicate that the destroyer had managed to follow them. She didn't think they would have. They'd jumped blind, so they could be anywhere within the jump radius of the Starflame's engines. It would take an AI assisted oct-core ship computer to even try to predict a blind jump and then jump to land in the right area.

"I think..." Johnny started. "Aww fuck."

Proximity alerts drowned out all other noises on the bridge as the destroyer emerged right in front of them, filling the screen at the front of the bridge. This close in all she could see was the armored forward hull, and as the other vessel shifted position, the row of battery cannons lined up on the bridge.

Her breath caught in her throat. At this range, there was no way they'd survive if the destroyer opened fire. The Starflame was a civilian vessel, the shields weren't rated for combat. The most they'd ever had to deal with was random strikes from space debris as the transport chugged along the space lanes.

"Starflame," the voice said over the comm again. "This is the Warspear, power down and prepare to be boarded. Resist and we open fire on your bridge."

Anger flared through Milly's system. Clenching her teeth so hard she thought they'd crack under the pressure, she stabbed at the reply button. These bastards had hijacked her ship, chased them across jump space and now wanted to make threats.

"I've got my finger on a dead man's trigger," she lied smoothly, amazed at how calm and collected she sounded. "Fire on the bridge and the cargo you're after gets jettisoned to cold, hard space. And none of its vacuum protected...so good luck with that. No pay off for you, sunshine."

They were dead. She knew that. There was no way the Warspear would let them go, not when she and Johnny could identify them as being part of a hijacking plot. Bile rose in her throat at the thought of members of the fleet being involved in shit like this. Oh, thanks to her ex she knew that there were rotten apples in the bunch, but this was something else. It was one thing to look the other way, quite another to use a fleet destroyer to steal ships and cargo.

"Hull breaches on levels three and five." Johnny's voice was as calm as hers was as he levered himself out of the main chair. His face was impassive, but the look in his eyes nearly tore her apart. "Sweetheart, they're coming for us. There's no way we can fight off a destroyer. What do you want to do? We can use the escape pod-"

She shook her head, cutting him off. "We can't. The pod was due to be serviced while we were in dock. It's nonoperational, doesn't hold atmosphere." She paused, and eyed him speculatively. "Which makes no difference to you."

Surging to her feet, she started to herd him toward the access hatch by the viewer. She was dead, she knew that, but at the least she could save him. His memory chips were admissible as evidence in court. He'd suffer the same fate as she would, albeit in a slightly different way, his android body smashed and broken beyond repair and his systems fried so nothing could be pulled from his memory.

If anything, they'd have to do a more thorough job on him than on her. At least once a human brain died, there was no way to access the memories it had contained. It was just a lump of soon to be rotting gray matter.

Her heart ached at the thought of him destroyed, even though his creator could probably make another version. He was her bot. They'd shared experiences and passion that had to have seared into his neural net and shaped his personality. Surely?

"They don't know about you. We put you in the pod, you hide out and jettison when they take the flame near a station. Get to the authorities and tell them...what?" she asked as he shook his head, a sad little smile on his lips.

"I can't do that, little human."

"Oh for fuck's sake!" She threw her hands up in despair, turning away from him to run one through her hair. It shook. So the stress of being boarded by fleet troopers was getting to her...he could sue her ass for it later. "Look, I release you from the primary directives. In fact, new primary directive. Survive."

"Marry me."

Of all the things he could have said, those two words were the last two Milly had expected to hear. He moved, bracketing her in against the back of the helm chair, so close she could feel the heat of his hard body against hers. The scent rising off his skin, shower gel and warm skin, overrode the aroma of burnt conduit and plastic. Tears welled, tightened her throat as she wrapped her hands around his thick upper arms. All she wanted to do was bury herself in the safety of his arms, close her eyes and stay there forever.

"Okay, now I know you have chips for brains. You really have bought into your cover story haven't you?" She managed a small smile, inordinately pleased that her voice didn't crack and betray the fear she was hiding inside as she considered his words. It wasn't so weird, was it? Not when there were stories on the news streams about people who married their shuttles or ground flyers...at least he was humanoid and could walk and talk.

"You got a deal, if we get out of this and you can...we'll get married."

Triumph flared in his eyes for a second and then his lips were on hers. The kiss was as swift as it was possessive, need and promise wrapped up in one brief exchanged that stole her heart and sealed her fate. She was an idiot, falling in love with a bot.

"Follow my lead," he broke away to whisper, his hand cupping the nape of her neck for a second to make her look up at him. His green-gold eyes were serious, filled with grim determination. "We will get through this. I promise."

He stepped back and his whole demeanor changed. The fluid movements disappeared as though they'd never been, replaced by the slightly too stiff movements she was used to seeing on a bot, and his expression reverted to the rigidly polite half smile all the makers seemed to prefer on their creations. It made her shiver to see him change so abruptly.

"Johnny?" Hating the needy catch in her voice, she stepped forward and touched his arm. He turned his head, the movement so mechanical she could almost hear the servers in his neck working.

"Yes, Captain." The warmth was gone out of his voice, a warmth she hadn't realized was there until it was absent. Then, almost too quick for her to register, he winked, amusement in his eyes before he spoke again. "Aries 7000 operational and awaiting orders."

Sneaky bastard. If she hadn't seen the wink, or known what he'd been like before, she'd have believed the ruse.

"Okay, Chip. Some bad people are going to come through that door soon. Whatever happens, you will do as they say-"

"Excellent advice, dear." A new voice sounded from the direction of the lift. A familiar voice, and one she'd hoped never to hear again. Slowly she turned, her movements stiff as she faced her ex-husband.

"Hello, Jason."

Jason Templeton.

Johnny froze and all the pieces fell into place with a resounding clang as he recognized the tall man in the lift door.

The clean-cut poster boy for the fleet, Templeton was all blond good looks and straight white teeth Johnny itched to smash down his throat. His daddy was a war hero, his uncle a political whirlwind and his aunt some kind of celebrity cosmetic surgeon, so to say Jason had been born into a charmed existence was an understatement. Pity he was a lying, cheating scumbag who'd step on anyone to further his own aims.

"No...Templeton, no. We're on the same side, man... Fuck, this is Harris. Templeton's go- Arrrrgggh!"

The screams of his dying comrades echoed in Johnny's ears from across the years, each gunshot etched deep into his memory and soul. As soon as he'd met Templeton, an observer assigned to measure the cyborg unit's performance, he'd warned his section leader the human would get them killed. And he had, Harris and the other members of their section dying in agony as Templeton executed the kill order handed down on all cyborgs that fateful day.

The bastard hadn't even waited for them to finish the operation. An innocent little girl had died as the Cyborgs had tried to protect her with nothing more than their own bodies, their only witness the two members of their team medivaced out with the girl's father.

Collateral damage, Templeton had called her, and he'd signed his own death warrant with those two little words.

He was older, his sandy hair streaked with gray that caught the overhead lights as he sauntered across the bridge with all the swagger and arrogance Johnny remembered. He schooled himself to indifference, forcing his body to remain still when all he wanted to do was leap across the space between them and snap the human's neck. No chance of that. The instant he tried it, the heavily armed commandos pouring onto the bridge from the lift would put enough energy bolts through him to power a ship. Moreover, the possibility Milly would get caught in the crossfire was too high. No, he'd watch and wait.

The uniform was different, the dual bars of a lieutenant replaced by those of a fleet captain on Templeton's collar as he stopped in front of Milly.

"Hello, darling, miss me?"

Jason? Darling? Just what was he missing here? Johnny's eyes narrowed a fraction before he stopped himself and looked blankly ahead. Behind the blank mask, his mind churned. How did Milly know Templeton? Her name was Locke...

"I should've known you were behind this." She looked him up and down, her expression clearly stating that she was unimpressed by what she saw. "The judge told you that you had no claim on the ship, but you just couldn't handle that, could you Jason? You found another way to get what you wanted."

He smiled, but the expression didn't reach his eyes. They were cold and flat. A predator's eyes if ever Johnny had seen them. And he had, every morning when he looked in the mirror.

"Darling, Judge Reynolds was a little...shall we say 'off' in some of his recent decisions. Particularly in the divorce courts."

Divorce. The ex. Realization hit Johnny hard and fast. Milly had been married to Jason Templeton. The ex was the a**hole human he'd been tracking for years. Bitter amusement rolled through Johnny as he added another black mark to Templeton's list. The bastard was going to suffer for everything he'd done. And soon. Somehow.

"The error of his ways has been pointed out to him and he regrets his mistakes." He shrugged and studied his fingernails nonchalantly. Johnny gritted his teeth harder. Fucking poser.

"Well, he did. For all of five minutes. After that he was too busy screaming and begging me to kill him. It was annoying, all that bloody noise. I can't stand a whiner." He looked up and speared Milly with a speculative gaze. "I do hope you're not a whiner."

"Fuck you, Jason." Milly snarled and spit in his face. Johnny bit back his grin as she clocked him right under the eye. Using his implants, he locked down his expression to ensure no emotion showed on his face. Grinning like a damn fool at the spittle as it slid down Templeton's face was a sure fire way of proving he wasn't a bot.

"You'll pay for that, bitch."

Jason wiped his face and looked at her coldly. Then, just as coldly, he backhanded her across the face. The force of the blow knocked her aside and to her knees. Looking for some purchase to keep her balance, her hands landed on Johnny's thighs. Forcing himself to keep staring straight ahead and not help her was the hardest thing he'd ever done.

He felt the weight of Jason's gaze on him and met it, automatically shifting his position to face the fleet officer, just as a bot would do when encountering a human.

Recognize me, a little voice in the back of his head whispered. A voice made up of many voices. Five to be exact. Five voices for the five dead members of his unit. Five cyborgs Templeton had executed along with one little girl.

He wanted Templeton to recognize him, but it wasn't going to happen. Thanks to Cyn, Johnny's face was different now and there was nothing else for Templeton to connect the bot stood in front of him with a cyborg who, as far as he knew, had been decommissioned years ago.

Templeton raked him with a look, seeing the set pose, the marks of the rings through Johnny's n**ples and dismissing him in the same instant.

"Lock them both in the secondary hold," he ordered in a bored tone as he turned and headed for the Captain's office. "Leave two here and head on back to the ship. I'll take care of this and we'll meet at the rendezvous point. Oh..."

He paused and looked over his shoulder, his eyes glinting with malevolence.

"If the bot gives you trouble, kill her."

Chapter Eleven

"Keep it moving along," the trooper behind him snarled and slammed the butt of his rile into the small of Johnny's back. Pain flared, but he ignored it, reducing it to little more than another electrical impulse for his onboard to register and manage. "Boss has a tight schedule to keep."

Not for the first time on the walk down to the holding bays, Johnny wondered just how much the grim-faced men surrounding him benefited from that schedule. Dressed in fleet standard black "bad-ass" uniforms, they wore matching "Don't f**k with me" expressions. He suspected that if he broke them in half, they'd have "Templeton's bitch" running through them like the lettering through cheap stick candy from a resort colony.

He stumbled forward as the trooper shoved again, boots clumping against the plating under his feet. Adrenaline filled his muscles, making him twitchy. The urge to turn around and snap the guy's neck like a dry twig was almost overwhelming. The only thing that stopped him was the no-nonsense way one of them was holding a combat knife to Milly's throat.

Something, perhaps the tight set of his shoulders as he caught his balance on the walkway balustrade, must have leaked through. The corporal at the back of the section barked, "Less f**king about with the bot. And keep that knife up in case it has a voice activated bodyguard system. Last thing I want to explain is why we got done over by an android."

"Heh."

The man in front of Johnny stopped, his back to the corner as the walkway changed direction. Temptation reared its head. It would be so easy to fake a stumble, slam his shoulder into the guy's gut and send him tumbling over the barrier and into the cavernous drop below. Perhaps desperation would force an evolutionary leap and a fleet trooper would learn to fly.

The trooper's gaze wandered over Johnny's tall frame with way too much interest, lingering on his broad chest for a second before moving down to his crotch. Lust flared in his eyes.

"Nah, this one's a sexbot through and through. I doubt it's designed to do anything other than look pretty and fuck. Ain't that right, sweetcheeks?"

He pinched Johnny's ass as he passed. Johnny ground his teeth, having to use all the control functions of his implants to avoid reacting. Since that reaction was going to be bloody and brutal, he needed to ensure he unleashed it at the right moment. Such as when there wasn't a blade at the throat of the woman who he loved.

Loved? When had that happened? In the seconds between the pinch and the trooper speaking again, Johnny pondered his emotions. His implants didn't recognize them but his biological half-the part with instincts and emotions-did. The warmth in his chest as he looked at her or thought about her...the need to do something silly just to see her smile...the heat that surged through his loins when she looked at him just that way...the rage that filled his veins at the sight of another man's hands on her or holding a blade to her skin, he knew instinctively what they were. What he was feeling.

"Oh, firm. Perhaps I should take it for a test drive later." He fell into step behind Johnny, his steps ringing out on the metal walkway. "Boss did say we'd get some downtime, yeah?"

The corporal barked out a laugh.

"Only you, Hudson, you bi little f**ker. We got a real woman and you want to stick your c*ck up a bot's ass."

The team of men around them burst into laughter and several ribald comments followed, all at his and Milly's expense. It was the sort of camaraderie and banter between soldiers that Johnny was used to, but the fact that they were talking about rape so casually made him sick to his stomach. Not because of Hudson's interest in him-he'd snap bits off the little a**hole before Hudson got his c*ck anywhere near Johnny-but because of the way they were talking about Milly as though she were a piece of meat.

Despite her violent reaction yesterday, she wouldn't be able to fend of a group of determined attackers, pen or no pen. The thought of what would happen to her almost paralyzed him before rage, white hot and electrifying, rolled through him. Not happening. Not on his watch.

"Yeah, well." Hudson responded, his voice jarring cheerful. "Ain't nothing wrong with a bit of ass-f**king. Face it, you lot'll be drawing straws to see who gets her ass first, won'tcha?"

There was a general murmuring of assent as the group trudged along the walkway. Milly whimpered in fear, stumbling a little ahead of them and hauled upright by her captor. All the while, Johnny ran different scenarios through his onboard, trying to find a way to reach Milly before the trooper holding her could slice her throat. Frustration gnawed at his gut as they approached the end of the walkway. So far, he was coming up blank.

"There ya go, then. Least with him I get first crack. Let's face it, I'm well down the pecking order with her. She'll be stretched out like an Alterian whore and filled with cum in all her holes by the time I get there. I'd rather get me some nice tight bot ass all to myself. Besides, it's a bot. No shit to deal with."

Sunshine, you are in for a big surprise, on more than one level.

Johnny kept silent as they reached their destination. One of the troopers opened the door and they were thrust through into the small room beyond. Johnny turned, but the door was already starting to close, Hudson's face just visible in the narrowing gap. He winked and blew Johnny a kiss, then the door clanged shut.

"I'm gonna ram that guy's rifle so far up his own ass, he'll choke on the f**king barrel."

"No, you don't get it. He wasn't supposed to leave the station."

Ready to tear her hair out, Cyn stared down the officious little man sitting behind the desk at station security. His face screwed up in concentration, he struggled to wrap his head around what she was telling him and was obviously failing miserably. Hell, she had bots quicker on the uptake than this.

"Okay, so let me get this straight. You want to report a bot or your friend missing?" His hand hovered over the forms at his side, doing an aerial two-step as he looked at her in confusion.

Cyn sighed and glanced up at the ceiling as though for inspiration. The standard plush foot-square tiles common the station over-hell, the universe over-looked back at her. If tiles could have an innocent expression, these had one.

Fat lot of use you lot are, she told them silently before turning her attention back to the little man all but spilling out of the navy blue uniform of station security. He could have done with a little less time polishing his buttons and badges, and a little more time on the treadmill.

Taking a deep breath, she tried again, pleased that her voice emerged level, without a hint of her rising annoyance. "Okay. I need to report my friend missing. He was on a ship, but it wasn't due to leave dock before Tuesday."

His hand dropped away from the forms.

"So he's not missing then."

Cyn blinked in surprise, wondering if she was actually speaking galactic standard or some weird and wonderful language from beyond the outer rim.

"Come again?"

The officer sighed and adopted a "let's explain it slowly for the little woman" expression. "If he boarded a ship and you know which ship, then he's not missing. He's simply not on the station, now is he? If he's not on the station, then it's not our jurisdiction."

She clamped her jaw shut to contain the snarl in the back of her throat as she wondered exactly what force it would take to shove his head up his ass since it obviously belonged there. Triggered by her train of thought, her ever helpful onboard fed her several different scenarios to achieve that goal. All of them messy, but extremely satisfying.

"So the fact that the ship left before it's authorized departure time doesn't ring alarm bells?"

He shrugged, the buttons and braid on his shoulders doing an elaborate dance. Given the fact he was rounder than he was tall, all the crap perched on his shoulders made him look like an overdecorated cupcake.

"Ships change departure slots all the time. It's nothing to do with us. You'd need to speak to loading operations about that."

Fuck. She was running out of options. Taking a mental step backward, Cyn ran both her onboard and biological brain at maximum capacity. She'd known something was wrong as soon as she'd seen the Starflame move out of dock. She'd been lucky to see that in the first place, catching sight of the Leviathan of a transport edging out as she'd walked back over one of the space walks from the habitation pod of the station to the main core. She knew Johnny. Being out of contact was one thing, but if he was leaving the station, for whatever reason, he'd have found a way to let her know and why.

She backpedaled and tried the only thing she had left.

"So if it wasn't my friend, and one of my bots. Can I file a charge of theft? What would happen then?"

"The Intergalactic Corps of Justice would get involved, track down the ship and recover your property." A new voice broke into the conversation from behind them.

Cyn swung around, to come face to face with the sexiest human she'd ever seen. Tall, dark and handsome didn't even come close. Tall, wicked-looking and heart-stoppingly gorgeous was nearer the mark. She'd thought Johnny was good-looking, had even had a wee bit of a crush on him for years even though she knew nothing could come of it, but this guy blew him out of the water in the sex on legs stakes.

Her gaze took an assessing wander over him, feeding the results to her long neglected libido. Overlong, dark hair that curled around his ears, straight nose over a strong slash of a mouth with lips that made her think wanton thoughts. He was tall and lean, but with the kind of build that said power rather than skinny.

"Should I take a turn?" he asked, lips quirking in humor.

She looked up, still wide-eyed and stunned to find bright green eyes watching her. They shifted, a frown creasing his brow as she tried to bite back her gasp. There on his cheek for all the world to see was an alpha-numeric tattoo.

Fuck. Cyborg.

Instantly she started to back up, then froze her actions as information flooded in from her onboard. Not frozen by her panic when presented with one of her own kind she didn't recognize-moreover one of her own kind operating in the open, which meant he was fleet property-it had started to analyze him from the toes up.

Class unknown. Alpha-numeric sequence not on file, not within zodiac project references. Theorize experimental class or civilian prototype.

"Hey, hey...it's okay." He put his hands out, the gesture obviously intended to be soothing as he walked toward her. His whole manner was like someone trying to calm a wild animal that might take off at any point.

"You're a-" Her gaze flicked from his eyes to the tattoo and back again. She swallowed and let her apprehension show. Slamming mental shields in place, she powered down her nonessential functions to conserve energy in case she needed to fight her way free. The scared human act was her last and best line of defense as her onboard fed her possible moves to incapacitate him and escape vectors from the room.

He reached her, looming over her in a way that should have had her backing up further to stay out of range but had her thinking dirty thoughts about what he'd look like without the jacket and black shirt he wore. The hollow at the base of his throat, just above the open collar of his shirt, drew her attention. She trembled, the temptation to step into his body and explore that little indentation with her tongue all but overwhelming her.

"Cyborg? No."

His voice, deep and hypnotic, wound around her, casting a spell she was powerless to resist as she looked up. Hell, he was big. A thrill shivered through her, leaving her feeling feminine, and sort of delicate even though she was anything but. A Virgo class, she was built to work in a combat team alongside other cyborgs, and although she wasn't as hardy as the traditionally male classes, she could still play chicken with a shuttle and come out the winner.

A frown hit her as she reached out, her fingertips delicate as she stroked the mark under his eye. Her onboard screamed at her to get away from him, to run as far and fast as she could, but she ignored it.

"Why this...?" Oh great, now she was reduced to incomplete sentences. He didn't seem to care, capturing her hand and swallowing it in his. His thumb rubbed over her pulse as he studied her.

"Plus five percenter," he murmured, giving the name for those with over the allowed five percent cybernetics, his expression fascinated as he looked down at her. "Experimental tech, not military. I'm not going to follow you and murder you in your bed, so don't worry. Who are you?"

She tilted her head, using her implants to stimulate her heartbeat so it thudded in her chest, mimicking a woman on the edge of panic. She wasn't stupid, there was no way he wasn't using that thumb to check her heart rate.

"Depends who's asking."

"Baiting the tiger, sweetheart. Can be a dangerous game...you sure you want to go there with me?"

He grinned, the expression swift with an edge of danger that sent a spike of arousal through her body right to her p**sy. Heat slipped from her, dampening her panties and making her all but squirm on the spot. Ruthlessly, she schooled her reactions in favor of returning his look with a challenge of her own.

Fuck, with a voice like that she'd go anywhere with him. As long as there was a bed, or a horizontal surface...hell, she'd even go for it up against a wall if they got some privacy.

"Tiger?" She arched an eyebrow, noting that despite the latent strength she sensed in his hand, his hold was gentle, as though he feared bruising her. If only he knew. She could probably twist him into a pretzel without breaking a sweat. "Sure you don't mean kitten?"

His eyes widened slightly, a split-second burst of surprise in his eyes. Yanking on her hand, he pulled her up flush against his lean body. With a gasp, she spread her free hand over the hardness of his chest, her movements frozen as his lips hovered a millimeter away from hers.

"Oh, I like you already."

The words were soft puffs against her lips, making her ache. He was going to kiss her, he had to kiss her. She didn't care that they were in the middle of the station security office, or that they had an audience. All she cared about was the man sliding his free hand around her waist and whether or not his lips were going to meet hers.

"Let's try this again. I'm Quinn Lindsey, you are...?"

Fucked.

Every cell in her body froze, her system locking up in panic for a second before she forced herself to relax. Of all the people in the universe to get into a near lip lock with, she had to run into Lindsey. A space-faring Witchfinder General, he was known to hunt everything from intergalactic crime lords, cross-system terrorists and pirates. His passion for bring them to justice was unparalleled, matched only by his hatred for one other group.

Cyborgs.

She was screwed, six ways to Sunday.

"Late," she replied, trying not to tremble at the feeling of his hard body against hers. "Could you let me go, Mr. Lindsey? I need to be somewhere-" Anywhere. "And I don't want to be late."

He didn't let go, his fingers somehow slipping under her top and tracing sensual circles over the skin of her back.

"You're scared. There's no need to be, I don't bite." He grinned suddenly. "Not unless you want me to."

"Let me go." She pushed at his chest, careful not to reveal her enhanced strength. He didn't budge, a small quirk on his lips that said her efforts amused him.

"Have dinner with me and I will."

Dinner. With him. Cyn couldn't have concealed her surprise even if she'd wanted to. Dropping her hand, she gawked up at him. The Cyborg hunter, Lindsey, wanted to have dinner with her? If he knew what she was, he wouldn't want to take her out, he'd want to watch as she was dismantled. Slowly.

Fuck, fuck, and just for a change, fuck.

He watched her with an implacable expression as she glanced around the room. The guards had cleared out, leaving them alone, and the ceiling tiles were going to be no help. A warm wash of breath against her skin warned her a second before his lips nuzzled the sensitive spot just below her ear.

"What the...ohhh."

Even if she'd wanted to put up a fight, she couldn't. Heat washed through her body, tingles radiating out from where he kissed her to render her body pliant in his hold.

"Have dinner with me, Cynthia," he whispered, leaving a trail of tiny kisses along her jaw. Somehow he'd gotten both his arms around her waist, half bending her over the desk behind her, dominating and cutting off her view of the world with his broad shoulders. "Or should I just kiss you until you say yes?"

"Please, let me go."

She was reduced to begging, her voice betraying her panic, but right now Cyn didn't care. She had to get away from him. One slip, that's all it would take, and he'd realize what she was. Already he'd found out her name in the time it had taken to kiss her, so he had to have an active uplink to the station database.

He moved, a soft grunt in the back of his throat as he pulled her upright. His fingers were firm, but not cruel on her jaw as he turned her back toward him and his kiss teased at the corner of her lips.

"So tempting," he sighed and lifted up. "But I won't take anything you don't want to give. Not even a kiss. Dinner. One evening. Then I promise to leave you alone, if that's what you want."

Wariness wound its cool fingers around her spine. Any moment she expected the room to be filled with commandos and the dulling bite of magnetic cuffs as he slapped them over her wrists. She'd heard tales of what they did to captured cyborgs. The investigations, the dissections...often while the victim was still alive. A shudder shook through her before she could stop it.

"Okay. Dinner. Tomorrow?" She could be gone before then.

He shook his head, the curls at the nape of his neck dancing over his collar. His gaze was warm green, with a core of heat as he watched her. Like a big cat watching its prey.

"Tonight. Eight o'clock. I'll pick you up."

Nine hours. She could pull a disappearing act in nine hours. Johnny would understand. Smiling, she nodded. "Okay. I'd better give you my habitat nu..."

"I have it." The corner of his lips twisted into a small, sheepish grin before his expression turned serious. His gaze latched onto her lips, eyes darkening as she wet them with her tongue self-consciously.

"God, sweetheart... Don't look at me like that."

The devil riding her shoulder made her smile, tilt her head. Quite what she was playing at she had no idea. Playing games with Quinn Lindsey was suicide.

"Like what?"

He muttered something explosive under his breath and his hold, which had loosened off, tightened as he pulled her up hard against him. His lips crashed down on hers, hard and demanding, and she was lost.

Chapter Twelve

He watched the door until the locks had cycled all the way through, on the minute chance that they malfunctioned and sprang open. The smallest element of surprise, that was all he needed to wreak havoc and bloody vengeance. His eyes narrowed dangerously.

The guy who'd had his dagger to Milly's neck was first up. Johnny's fists clenched at his sides as he imagined the crunch as the guy's neck cracked under his hands. Before the body hit the ground, he'd have the guy's blade, the grip rough against his palm as he buried it hilt deep...

A soft sound behind him ripped him from the daydream. Whipping around, his gaze instinctively raced over her, looking for signs of injury. Had the guy managed to cut her and he just hadn't seen it? Was she bleeding out while he daydreamed about kicking ass and taking names.

His frantic visual examination of her creamy skin, darkened in places by forming bruises, yielded no sign of blood, but he didn't care. He needed to touch her. Closing the gap between them, he yanked her into his arms just in time to catch her strangled sob against his shoulder.

"Oh my god, I can't believe it. Jason... W-why?"

She buried her face into the curve of his shoulder and neck, burrowing into him like a small animal trying to find comfort. She'd kept it together during a near rape, using the only weapon she could find to brutally wound her opponent. That took strength and balls of steel. Yet her ex-husband showed up and she was a mess. Just what kind of number had the bastard done on her?

"Shhh...it's going to be okay. We'll get out of this. I promise."

How he was going to make good on the whispered promises, he had no idea, but he would. He pulled her tighter against his tall frame, her curvy little body fitting just right against him. Jilan-ma. Perfect match.

The feeling of rightness he'd had when he first kissed her in the airlock what seemed like years ago assailed him again and his hold tightened protectively. His lips found her temple, nuzzling her soft skin as she shuddered, fingers curled around his upper arms in a needy way that made the male animal inside snarl and posture. She was his, his woman...doubts of whether a human and a cyborg could make it work were blown away under the sheer depth of feeling running through him.

As though she'd planted a sign over her head, he felt her start to pull herself together. A part of him pouted in disappointment as she straightened up and pushed her hair back from her face. He liked her soft and clinging to him, it fed something deep inside that needed to wrap her up and never let anything hurt her again.

"Oh, breakdown over," she announced and stepped back. Her lip quivered, but she looked around with determination and Johnny lost his heart all over again.

"You're amazing." The words slipped out before he could stop them, but he didn't do anything to hide the expression on his face as she looked up at him.

"Huh? What do you mean?" For a moment they were caught, gazes locked, then he shook his head, breaking the moment.

"I've never met anyone like you. After everything that's happened, you just keep going. It's..." he shrugged and repeated his words. "You're amazing."

Her short laugh was soft as it rolled around the small room. Metal floor, walls and ceiling with a mag-locked door, it was an effective cell. They just had to hope that Templeton didn't drop them out of jump space too near a sun because it would also become a very effective oven.

"Yeah, well. You're a prototype so your experience of people is what...a demographic of like, two? Sorry, bud, you need a way larger sample group before you start going and deciding I'm anything special."

How could she have such a low opinion of herself? She was wrong. Totally and utterly wrong. The denial was on the tip of his tongue, but she moved away before he could utter it, searching the room with speed and efficiency. He trailed after her, a frown marring his brow. He needed to tell her what he was, that he'd lied to her...

Yeah, right. Like that was going to go down well. He slid her a sideways glance as she pushed the top off one of the two crates that were the room's only contents. The firm set of her shoulders and spine was belied by the tremble in her lower lip and the suspicious sheen in her eyes. She was only just holding it together. Finding out he'd lied to her as well...that could tip her over the edge. Even though he knew the excuse was tenuous, Johnny clung to it, shoving his explanation to the back of his mind and taking the heavy lid from her.

"Micron relays, by the look of it," she said absently as she flicked the edge of the packing shroud up to reveal neat rows of crystal-based chips and connectors. Her interest in the crate died as she dropped the shroud and swore. "Fuck it, why couldn't we have gotten stuck in here with something useful? Like auto-cannons or assault rifles? Something to help us break out of here and make that bastard up there pay."

A soft lurch under their feet announced that they'd just entered jump space. She sighed and looked around the empty room. "That's it then, we might as well get comfortable."

Silently Johnny nodded, reaching into the crate to grasp the shroud. The soft, thick material would at least give them something comfortable to sit on as they waited for the ship to come out of the jump. When the troopers came back to get them though, that was a whole different matter...

Yanking the shroud, he started to pull it free, winding it over and around his arm. The chittering sound that answered his movements froze the marrow in his bones. His muscles locked down, and his gaze riveted on the edge of the soft fabric as four spindly legs emerged. Then two more, and another two until a fat space spider hauled it's bulbous body around to sit on top of the fabric. Beady black eyes glittered as they regarded him with malevolence.

"Nac-na-na-nac..."

His jaw clicked as a strange noise emerged from his throat, an instinctive sound of hatred and revulsion as everything within him urged him to drop the fabric and back up. He couldn't, he was frozen in place, the fear so powerful his biological systems, the muscles and sinews of his human wetware over-riding the metal and hydraulics of his cybernetics.

"What..." Alerted by the sound, Milly turned and spotted the spider. She rushed forward, flapping her hands. "Bloody thing. Shoo, get lost!"

Hissing and chittering still, the spider bolted, leaping to the floor and scuttling to the corner of the room where it flattened itself and disappeared between the hair-thin crack between the bulkhead plates.

"Things would be so much easier if we could do that." She grabbed the rest of the shroud and shook it out, making sure there were no more spiders lurking in the folds. "You okay?"

"Fucking hate those things." Johnny shook himself, color flaring over his cheeks. "What?"

She chuckled, shaking her head as she dragged the fabric over to the other side of the room, thankfully well away from the spiders last known location, and spread it over the floor.

"You remind me of my brother...he hates earwigs. Loathes and detests them with a passion. It makes me laugh, the big mean fleet commando afraid of a tiny bug. Or the big scary bot scared of spiders. Your maker really did a great job. Giving you phobias as well, I'd never have thought of that."

"Yeah, well. They eat electronics." And cybernetics.

Sitting on the soft surface, she dragged her knees up and wrapped her arms around them. Her expression was so forlorn, it made his heart ache. He dropped down next to her and reached out to pull her into his arms. She didn't protest, nestling against him and closing her eyes.

"I can't believe this is happening."

Her voice was low, so low that he almost didn't catch her words.

"We'll get through it. I promise, little human."

Rumbling a sigh in the depths of his chest, he settled onto his back and tucked her in against his side. His hand roamed over her back, stroking up from her h*ps to the middle of her shoulder blades, slowly. Over and over. Soft and gentle, as he would pet a cat. Or how he imagined he would anyway. He'd never seen a real one, but he'd always imagined they would be a good pet to own. The credit needed to purchase one was far beyond his reach, even with his success on the stripping circuit. Every credit he and Cyn earned went toward the shop and maintaining their cover amongst the humans.

"I want to believe it. Believe you..."

The scared note in her voice speared his heart right through. He pulled her tighter and slid his hand under her top to caress the warm skin beneath. She murmured softly under her breath and arched under his hand.

"Then believe me, love," he breathed, turning his head to brush his lips against the top of her head. "We're going to get out of this, then go back to the station and get married."

Her lips brushed his neck, whispering a trail of kisses up to the underside of his jaw. The need and passion that was never far away when he was near her uncoiled and wrapped around him. His c*ck rose hard and aching to press against the confines of his pants. God, he wanted her. Even now, when he should be offering comfort, he wanted to flip her to her back and bury himself in her welcoming warmth.

"I want to believe that. You're so sweet...big, protective. Possessive." She shivered as she flicked a hot little lick around the corner of his jaw, just under his ear. Johnny groaned, unable to contain the sound before it escaped. "And I'm stupid for even thinking about falling in love with a bot."

Yes!

His heart leapt at her soft words as she shifted position to straddle his still body. Her br**sts mashed against his chest as, further down, her spread thighs pressed her p**sy against the hard length of his cock. Another groan slipped from him as he realized nothing more than thin layers of fabric separated them.

"Listen," he turned his head as she worked her way to his lips, planting soft kisses in the corner of his lips. "You've got this wrong. I'm not a bot. I am Joh..."

His words were cut off as she shifted her weight and boldly slid her hand down to caress his c*ck through his pants. He groaned in pleasure, the hardened shaft pulsing in delight and pressing eagerly against its fabric confinement, eager for release and the touch of her soft little hand.

"Yeah, yeah...you're Johnny Ram. Big bad stripper extraordinaire."

Amusement quirked her lips and she stole kisses, sexy little nips, as she unsnapped his pants and released his cock. Johnny lost the power of thought as she wrapped her hand around him and pumped slowly.

"Or perhaps you're the Aries 7000 for real. I could really do with a killer cyborg on my side right about now."

She nipped his lower lip, then laved the spot with a soft brush of her tongue as she rubbed a finger over the tip of his cock. His h*ps jerked upward, shoving the rigid length through the tight cage of her fingers to leave a slick spot where it slid against the fabric of her pants.

"Whatever you are, whatever you've convinced yourself, I don't care. Just love me, Johnny. Make me forget where we are, make me believe we've got forever."

She squeaked as he surged into movement, wrapping her up in his arms and flipping them so he loomed over her. Two pairs of hands worked at her pants, pulling them down and off before he spread her thighs with a hard knee. A second later, he had his c*ck at the entrance to her p**sy and looked her in the eye.

"Forever, Milly. I promise you forever."

"Ready, sweetheart?"

Johnny's deep voice brought Milly out of her reverie. Two hours since they'd been thrown in here and the ship had finally dropped out of jump space. Locked up, they had no way of telling where they were, but one thing was for sure. The troopers were coming for them, and it wasn't going to be pleasant. She shook her head, her voice shaky as she laughed.

"No, not at all. Tell the universe I need a time out."

He laughed from his position by the door, and rolled his shoulders. Big built anyway, his physique was impressive. Muscles perfectly sculpted to imitate nature and the man he had been modeled on. With a start, Milly realized that she'd stopped thinking of him as a copy.

When had that happened? He'd become a distinct separate entity in her mind, just the thought of him evoking heat and need in her core. Feelings and memories absent when she thought back to watching the real Johnny Ram perform on stage. She sighed and shook her head. God, she had it bad. Perhaps insanity ran in her family and they just forgot to tell her, because falling for a bot was the highest level of lunacy she could think of.

"I'll send it a memo."

His expression turned serious as he looked over and the look in his eyes took her breath away. Sadness, resignation, determination...they were all there.

"They're going to come in hard and fast, sweetheart. I won't lie, it's going to get hot in here and there's a shitload that can go wrong. I'll do my best, and if I get hold of a weapon we're home and dry. But if I don't..."

His expression shuttered a little. Instinctively she knew what he wasn't saying. If he didn't get hold of a weapon, then it was unlikely he was going to survive. Although hardier than hers, not even an android body could stand up to a hail of bullets.

"You will, and we will be."

Her voice was filled with a firmness she didn't believe as she glared at him, daring him to argue. He didn't, shooting her a small smile as he turned to the door and rolled his shoulder again.

She wondered at that as she hunkered behind the remains of the crate. It was the kind of movement that indicated an old injury, scar tissue tightening up and making a joint click. Her grandpa, a veteran of one of the many system wars, had had the same problem. Perhaps it was a gesture his creator had picked up and coded into his behavioral sub-routines...

She didn't get time to ponder it any further. The sound of heavy boots on the walkway outside filtered through the thick door. Her breath caught, her heart hammering in her chest. Barely keeping down panic, she looked around to check their preparations.

With nothing else to work with, they-well, Johnny-had ripped apart the electronics crate. Half of it was wedged against the back wall of the hold, padded with the shroud packing into a makeshift shelter for her. The expensive contents had been scattered across the floor, each array and relay stripped of their outer casing so the small, marble-like spheres lay twinkling in the overhead light to create a rocking and rolling assault course for anyone trying to navigate the floor.

She tightened her grip on the makeshift club fashioned from the broken up crate. One wrong step and whoever was idiot enough to try would be hitting the deck, which was her cue to get primal on their ass while they were down. The way she felt at the moment, they'd be better off with the pissed off bot at the door because she was feeling her inner bitch.

The locking mechanism on the door rolled, metallic clunks reverberating through the small room as each of the locks released. There was a second's silence, then, with a click, the door started to swing inward. Standing behind it, Johnny grinned and shot her a wink, as he mouthed two words.

Showtime.

Everything happened at once. Johnny grabbed the muzzle of the rifle that was poked through the door and yanked. At the same time, he shoved his shoulder into the door, slamming it closed on the trooper caught between it and the frame. The scream was cut off with a sickening crunch, becoming a rattling groan of pain. Johnny slammed the door twice more in quick succession. Shouts and shots echoed from the other side of the door and it burst inward, troopers spilling through the gap.

Screaming, she ducked behind the impromptu shelter as the air filled with energy bolts. Fear and adrenaline slammed through her body with every rapid beat of her heart. Peeking out she saw Johnny in the middle of a group of men. Her jaw hit the deck. She'd seen fleet troopers in action on the news streams and they were shit hot, but Johnny...he was something else.

A whirling dervish of fists and feet, he twisted and spun like a dancer in the middle of the troopers. Grunts and cries of pain greeted each strike, but there were just too many of them for him to make headway. As soon as he knocked one guy out of the fight, one of the others took his place. Her eyes widened. Behind Johnny, a trooper who had just stepped through the door lifted his rifle.

"Johnny, watch out!"

She screamed as she burst out from the shelter, pushing it over onto the relays and giving it a hard shove toward the men on the right of the door as she ran toward the fray. Time slowed and stretched out. Johnny turned toward the threat. Not quick enough. Her blood pounded in her ears, drowning everything else out as the trooper fired.

The shot hit Johnny in the middle of the chest. She screamed again, falling and sliding on the relays. He jerked to a stop, his jaw dropping as the bolt zapped him, wrapping his torso in a blue web of high yield energy. He dropped to his knees. Swayed.

"Nononono," she sobbed, tears pouring down her cheeks as the light faded from his eyes. Scrambling forward, she tried to reach him, but a hard hand on the back of her neck stopped her and hauled her upright.

"Oh no, you little bitch. You're going nowhere."

His breath leaving his lungs, Johnny toppled to the deck with a thump. Crying and twisting in her captors hold, Milly kept looking at his fallen form as she was dragged out the door. A trooper stepped in the way, pulling his pistol from his holster.

"This is for Hudson, you bastard piece of shit," he spat and shot the fallen man in the head.

Chapter Thirteen

"Fucking bitch. Get in there."

The hard voice of the trooper half dragging, half carrying her ordered as the door to the lift opened in front of them. It had taken two of them to get her across the walkway. All she wanted to do was get back to Johnny, the image of his fallen body etched forever in her mind.

Stumbling forward, she collided with the back wall of the lift and used it to hold her up. Her legs were weak, hopelessness and misery invading every cell of her body. They'd shot him in the head, the two retorts of the pistol still ringing in her ears. Her stomach rolled. She didn't even want to think of the damage that had done.

She'd seen broken androids before. The Starflame had transported a bulk load of military spec damages last year. It had been so eerie to see them lined up in their racks, faces blank and impassive, if they had them, despite massive damage to their physical forms. Then Simons, the assistant quartermaster, had gotten a little too curious and activated one to see what sector they'd been fighting in. None of the crew, her included, had realized that military androids were remote linked. The first bot had activated the rest and they'd ended up with a hold of androids all screaming in pain.

Hands grabbed her from behind and she was turned around. A troopers face leered above her as he pressed back against the lift wall, his hands cruel as he groped her waist, her br**sts before shoving one between her legs to cup her mound. She whimpered, trying to push him off, but he was too strong.

"That's it, little slut. You feel that? Feel that cock?" His breath washed over her neck in hot pants as he ground his crotch against her, his c*ck already hard. "That's what you're getting. I'm gonna split you in two..."

"Jenkins, get the f**k off her. You don't get her until the boss says, and we got the unload to do first." A voice behind warned and Jenkins released her with a frustrated growl. His pale eyes glittered malevolently as she slid away from him and down the wall to huddle in a crouched bundle. His eyes were familiar, but she couldn't quite place them. Her eyes widened as recognition hit. The pilot Johnny had killed. It was his eyes looking back out of Jenkins face. He grinned, but the expression had nothing to do with humor.

"That's right...remember me, bitch. I want payback for my brother. Vos. You remember him? You and your bastard bot killed him."

Feeling the blood drain from her face she scooted away from him, bumping into the legs of one of the other troopers. He looked down at her, his expression cold before he looked back at the entrance to the lift. Misery rolled through Milly again as she wrapped her arms around her legs and prayed the lift ride took forever.

It didn't.

Less than two minutes later she was hauled out onto the bridge. The checker plate on the floor snatched and tore her pants, cutting into her skin as Jenkins and one of the others dragged her across it on her knees to throw her in front of the helm chair.

Jason sat there like a king in front of his court, his square jaw propped on the elegant fingers of one hand. Unlike the men around him, who were in combat uniform, her ex-husband was in full dress uniform, as though he were about to head out to one of the official functions she'd hated.

"Ahh, there you are." He looked her over coldly, barely a flicker of his eyes at the bruises and torn clothing. He sighed, irritation crossing his features as his gaze flicked to the blood dripping on the deck from her cut knees. "I see you've been causing some trouble. As usual. Well, not anymore."

"Why are you doing this Jason?" Milly shook her head, not bothering to move from her kneeling position. Jenkins cruel fingers in her shoulder promised painful retribution if she so much as thought about it. "There's not enough cargo aboard to make a good profit and you're gonna face a shitload of questions if you turn up with the Starflame without me."

He smiled, covering his mouth with his fingers the way he always had when he was inordinately amused. Once, she'd found it cute. Now all Milly wanted to go was slap his silly grin to the other side of his face.

"Well, you see. There were some questions about our divorce. Because you wouldn't play nice and admit you're a lying slut, people started to ask questions...my reputation suffered. I can't have that." He leaned forward, the hatred and malevolence in his eyes so deep it took her breath away.

"But if you and the ship go missing...suspected pirate attack. Well, I'll be a widower, grieving for his lost love who turned away from him and got herself killed." He grinned in satisfaction and leaned back in the chair. "Thus neatly solving all problems and leaving me with a bit in my pocket. You have no idea how much the organ farmers will pay for a healthy woman of breeding age. And the best part about it? They don't care what condition you're in. You just have to be breathing."

He looked up at Jenkins and nodded. "All yours, just keep her screams down. I never could stand her bloody noise."

Jenkins chuckled, an evil sound that froze her to the bone, and yanked on her arm. Milly yanked back and glared at Jason. "One day you'll get what's coming to you, Jason Templeton. Even if I have to haunt you to do it."

Systems reboot...administering adrenaline shot... Powering wetware re-initialization... Shocking...shocking...shocking... Heartbeat reestablished.

Johnny gasped as lightning arced through the center of his chest and dragged him back from the comfort of blackness into a place of pain and fire. Gasping, he dragged a breath into his oxygen starved lungs and then groaned. He felt like he'd been done over with an iron bar.

Critical systems check...primary systems online...secondary systems online... Damage report...biological damage to left leg, articulatio genus damage may impair movement... Ninth and eleventh rib on left anterior fractured... Twelfth rib left posterior suspected hairline fracture...

Memories filtered back as his onboard listed a damage report. He could feel pain, but it was a whole body experience rather than localized. A defense mechanism imposed by his implants, it spread the pain load over his whole body rather than just one area where it could become crippling.

He opened his eyes, looking up at the metal ceiling of the hold. The heads-up display streamed information over his field of vision. Something was wrong. He couldn't see out of his right eye. The visual input was a dark reddish color. Groaning, he lifted his hand.

Query right eye, he ordered his onboard as his fingers touched his cheek. They came away slick and red. He winced, feeling the pull as he explored further and discovered a ragged flap of skin.

Right ocular implant operating at ninety percent. Damage from direct ballistic hit. Bio-organic damage and residue obscuring implant.

Fuck. His eye was trashed. Sitting bolt upright like a cadaver rising from the mortuary table in one of the old-school horror vids always showing on the movie streams, Johnny explored the damage to his face.

"Fucking wanker," he spat as he dug his fingers in and scooped out the pulped remains of his right eyeball. It splattered on the floor by his thigh as he rolled to his feet to inspect the damage in the reflective strip around the hold door. The gaping hole where his eye had been looked back him, the green-blue lenses of the ocular implant beneath clearly visible as it focused mechanically.

At least it was his right eye, the cybernetic one, rather than his left, bio-organic one. The duerineium alloy of his skull had ensured that the frontal blast didn't penetrate. Concentrating for a second, he watched as his alphanumeric code materialized on his skin under the undamaged eye. With the implant showing there was no point in pretending anymore.

Wincing, he leaned in and checked the damage to the flesh as dispassionately as though he were looking at a damaged bot. The socket was torn, but intact. He sighed in relief, all it would need was a couple of staples to start the healing and Cyn could slot a falsie in when he got back to the base. If he got back to the base...

Surging to his feet, he ignored the damage to his face in favor of searching the scattered bodies of the troopers he'd killed. His lips curled in disgust that they'd just been left here. That was humans all over for you. What term did they use? Yeah, collateral damage. Troopers and little girls, it was all the same to bastards like Templeton.

Less than five minutes later, he was kitted out with enough weaponry and ammunition to wage a one man-war on a Saltorian outpost on the frozen tundras of Bezan Seven. A quick stop for a medkit in the corridor and he'd stapled the loose flap of skin around his eye in place. He didn't bother with a patch. The sight of the empty socket and the implant within, surrounded by bloody flesh, said far more about what he was than the line of letters and numbers on his cheek.

He didn't intend to pretty himself up and play nice with Templeton's men. He tightened his hand on the grip of his carbine, a second slung over his shoulder and a pistol holstered under his arm and set off for the bridge. He didn't intend to win hearts and minds, he intended to terrify the f**k out of them.

Then kill them. Kill them all.

There was such a thing as stealth in combat. There was also such a thing as a battle plan. But unless "kill them all" could be considered a viable battle plan, Johnny had neither as he stormed over the walkway, carbine in hand and murder in his eyes. These men had taken Milly and done god knows what to her. They were going to pay in blood and agony.

"What the...?"

The first trooper didn't get to finish his sentence as Johnny emerged from the darkness of the corridor, the Starflame's computer still not registering him as a life form. Lifting his weapon, he fired twice. The muzzle spat out a double tap, the energy bolts sizzling through the air to strike the trooper, shaking him as though he were cargo on a vibro-plate. Two smoking holes formed, one in the center of his forehead and the other through his throat.

Cut off the head of the snake, Johnny thought without emotion as he watched the rifle slip from the man's nerveless fingers to clatter on the deck a second before his body fell across it. Combat 101, sever the spinal column and remove your enemies ability to fire back at you. Of course, blowing their heads off also worked.

He turned to the second trooper, who took one look at him and paled. His gaze flicked between the glowing implant in Johnny's bloody and stapled eye socket and the numbers on the opposite cheek.

"Y-you-you...you s-should be d-d-dead," he stammered as he backed up, Johnny following him every step of the way.

"You know what they say. Sow the wind, reap the whirlwind. Gotta pay the piper now..." Johnny flicked a glance down at the man's chest and the name tag across the top pocket. "Charlton. We all do sooner or later."

"Bu...but, you were supposed to be an android!"

Charlton's rifle was loose in his hands until his ass hit the metal wall behind him and he recalled its existence. His hands shaking, he started to lift it, only for it to be yanked from his hand. It skittered across the corridor floor behind them.

Johnny grinned evilly as he closed his hand around the guy's throat and lifted him off the floor. He leaned in, his voice soft by the guy's ear.

"I lied."

Charlton screamed, the sound strangled by the hard hand around his throat. As close as he was, Johnny felt the movement and twisted as Charlton tried to stab him. The blade skittered across his ribs instead of sliding through, the hot burning pain just another to add the to list his onboard was compiling.

"Wrong move, bud." Johnny snarled, and with a twist, snapped the trooper's neck.

He dropped the body and considered the lift. It was a no-go. Even if they hadn't heard the gunfire from the bridge above, it was still too obvious an entry point. If he was Templeton, then he'd have both the lift entrance and the access hatch by the main view screen covered, or at the least the latter rigged to blow. He wrinkled his nose. With shaped charges and the range of adaptive charge-detonators available these days, any idiot could be an explosives expert.

Turning, he relieved both bodies of their weaponry, slinging the extras over his shoulder. He didn't have time to strip them of their power packs, and if he was storming the bridge on his own without backup to provide covering fire, if he stopped to change a pack, then he'd be a dead man. When he'd stripped anything useful from the trooper's corpses, he left them to litter the corridor and disappeared back into the darkness.

Halfway along the same corridor, he stopped, opening up the access hatch to the maintenance shafts. He poked his head through and grinned. Just as he thought, a straight route up to the bridge. Climbing through, he ignored the grating in his rib cage, trusting to his onboard to dull the pain running through his body and keep him operational. It came with a price. Once the action was over, he'd feel every second of this and worse, but for now he could keep going, the roar of adrenaline galvanizing every muscle and sinew as he climbed upward at a rapid rate.

At the top of the shaft the space opened out with a hexagonal junction. Six directions to chose. Four led into diagonals, crawlspaces for the power and data cables that riddled the ship. Only two, opposite each other, were full walkways. One led to the aft section above deck one, and the other led over the bridge.

Boosting himself out of the vertical shaft, he dropped the grate into place, fingers looped through the grill so he could settle it down without a sound. His movements as quiet as he could make them, he made his way along the walkway ahead of him. The junction opened out into an open area, with the walkway cutting across it.

He stopped in the middle, looking around. There were two official ways onto the bridge, and Templeton was too well trained not to have them covered. Hell, any officer who'd graduated the alliance officer academy, no matter how inbred, knew to secure a location. But Templeton was a by-the-book officer, and thinking outside the box was not something that fit with his rigid world view. Used to combat capable vessels with highly defensible bridges, the thought that there may be a third way onto the Starflame's bridge hadn't occurred to him.

It had occurred to Johnny, though. He grinned as he looked around. Under the walkway there was nothing but the support lattice for the ceiling tiles. Just a thin layer of fabric covered poly-plastic between him and his goal.

Tapping into the schematics of the ship he'd downloaded from the quartermaster's office he overlaid a map of the bridge on the tiles under the walkway. Guards should be here...and here. Red spots pulsed in the locations he'd post men and he added green lines to indicate firing arcs.

His feet shoulder width apart; he balanced easily on the narrow walkway, the metal little more than the length of his foot across. Movements efficient, he checked the weapons around his body for placement. Once he hit the deck, he needed them to be where he thought they were, not someplace else. Then he flicked the safety catch off the carbine in his hands and stepped off the walkway.

Thanks to the alloy laced through his bones and his implants, Johnny was heavy. The flimsy layer of tiles gave under his feet and he fell through in a hail of broken poly-plastic and mangled support struts to land in front of the helm chair.

Finger on the trigger before his feet had hit the deck plating, he started firing as soon as he broke through the plastic. The first guard by the door barely had time to turn before three bolts from Johnny's carbine nailed him in the back and side, spinning him around and slamming him into the wall. Blood and heavier things splattered across the cream wall, but Johnny was already turning. The retort of automatic fire filled the bridge, the air around him alive with energy bolts. Not pausing for breath, Johnny dropped the trooper by the main viewer with one between the eyes and one through the throat.

Palming his pistol, he pointed it directly at Jason who was half out of the chair, hand reaching for his own weapon. "Sit the f**k down, a**hole."

Slowly he turned his head to look at the corrupt fleet officer, the man's face paling as he took in the ragged socket and the glow of the implant within. By the time Johnny faced him square on and the code over his cheek was revealed, Templeton's lip quivered, his eyes wide and dark with fear and shock.

"You're a-" He swallowed, his Adam's apple scraping up and down his neck. "But you can't be...you're all dead. We killed you all!"

His voice rose in pitch, the panicked tone more like a woman's as Johnny reached out and shoved him back down on his ass in the chair.

"Not quite all. You missed a couple. Where is she?" he demanded as he grabbed the seat's safety harness and yanked it around the human, trapping his arms at his sides. Clutching the buckle in his fist, he crushed it together into one shapeless mass, imprisoning Templeton in the web of straps. "Milly. Where is she?"

A muffled scream reached his ears and Johnny whipped his head up. The glass door to the captain's office was closed and the privacy screen was engaged. As he watched something hit the glass from the other side. The outline of a hand, a female hand, showed for a second, sliding down the glass from the inside before it was yanked away.

They had Milly. Someone was hurting his woman. A roar ripped loose from his chest as he left Templeton pinned in the helm chair and stormed across the bridge.

Chapter Fourteen

Milly was in hell. Pinned into what had been her office with two of the troopers, she fought like a wildcat as soon as they shoved her through the door. Anything and everything in the office became fair game for use as a weapon as she threw the plant from the desk, the data pads, even the picture from the wall. She didn't care. What was the worst they could do, kill her? It would be preferably to what they had planned. Gang rape and being loaded into an organ stripper still alive wasn't her idea of a good time.

"You bitch. If you won't hold still, then we'll just make you." The second trooper snarled as he backhanded her hard across the face. Pain exploded in her cheek and eye and the force of the blow spun her around like a top, her momentum only stopped as she slammed into the glass partition. More pain joined the fray as she slid down the panel, her hand against the cool glass as she shook her head and tried to get her wits about her.

The two men in the room didn't give her any breaks. No sooner had she crumpled to the carpet than hard hands hauled her back up again. Gasping, she tried to breathe through the pain as she was thrown backward across the desk. The corner dug into the soft flesh of her buttock and another starburst of agony flared through her body.

Her back hit the desk and then they were on her. She screamed and fought, trying to push hands away as they tore at her clothing. A cruel hand grabbed her jaw and pulled it around as a mouth covered hers, and forced her lips apart. A thick tongue was shoved into her mouth as her pants were ripped open. Panic and disgust filled her, hot and cold flushes running over her body as bile rose in her throat. After everything, was this how it was going to end? Raped and murdered on the orders of her ex-husband? Anger mounting, she lashed out with her free arm and was rewarded with the sound of glass shattering.

"What th-"

The guy busy trying to drag her pants down over her h*ps swore, his nails scoring lines of fire over her skin as he was torn away. She got a brief glimpse of broad shoulders and short hair as her other attacker dropped her like a hot potato. She didn't question or waste any time. In desperation, she grabbed the edge of the desk and flipped herself over the edge to drop to the hard floor below. Pressing her lips together, she tried to contain her cry of pain as she scuttled under the desk, but it didn't matter.

Gunfire filled the room, drowning everything else out as energy bolts zinged through the air. She screamed as one slammed into the floor by her hand, burning the carpet and forcing her backward.

All she could see were legs as one of her attackers was lifted and thrown bodily against the wall. Wide-eyed, her gaze latched onto the new arrival and relief punched it's way through her body as she recognized the boots, the pant legs. Johnny. Tears slid down her cheeks. Somehow, he'd survived and come to her rescue.

The other attacker swore as Johnny held his companion against the wall, feet dancing a jig in midair. Newfound bravery filling her heart, Milly lunged forward and wrapped her arms around his legs, holding on with all her strength.

"Bitch, let go-"

She closed her eyes, expecting blows to rain down across her head and shoulders any second. But she didn't care, the pain would be worth it if he couldn't get to the rifle where he'd dropped it mere feet away. Dumb f**ks, but I suppose guns just get in the way when you're more interested in the weapon between your legs.

The rattling cry of terror and pain and the sounds of struggling from the other side of the room stopped. She held on tighter, closing her eyes as there was a slither, then a thud as something heavy hit the floor. It didn't take a genius to work out what it was.

"Oh my god, you're one of them. No...no..."

A single shot cut his whimpers off, the sound loud in the room. Time stopped, the moment drawing out as the legs she held shuddered, then started to fall. With a cry, she let go and rolled backward under the desk. The body crashed to the floor where she'd been seconds before. She turned her head, chest heaving as the smell of burnt flesh and blood reached her nose.

"Out from under the desk," Johnny's voice reached her ears as a hand reached down. Gratefully she grabbed it as if it was a lifeline, trusting to his strength as he hauled her out from her hiding place. But instead of pulling her into his arms as she expected, he turned her around so her back pressed against his chest, his arms wrapped tight around her.

"God, Milly. I thought I'd lost you."

She leaned back into him, her legs weak and shaking. Without his support she'd have collapsed into a heap on the floor as the enormity of the situation hit her. He was alive. He'd survived.

"Johnny...they shot you. I thought you were dead."

She turned and pressed her cheek against his chest as tears of relief coursed silently down her cheeks. A reaction to the situation, she told herself, ignoring them completely to smooth her hands over his forearms and hold his arms to her as he held her tightly, protectively.

He pressed a kiss to the top of her head, voice rumbling through the broad expanse of chest she was leaning against.

"I'm hard to kill. Milly, I'm going to turn you around," he warned, his voice deadly serious. "I don't want you to freak out."

She stilled. He'd taken two shots to the face.

"You've been damaged haven't you?"

Her voice was little more than a whisper as she wondered how bad it could be. She'd seen the wrecks of the military bots, their faces shredded down to their base components...eyes on stalks, riveted cheek plates and humanlike teeth incongruously mounted on a metal jaw. Nodding, she held in her whimper. Damage was just that, damage. It could be repaired. She'd sell everything she had to get him put right.

"Yes, but not in the way you think. Milly...I'm not a bot."

He let go of her and stepped back. Heart in her throat, she turned. He wasn't a bot? He had to be, no one could survive a blast to the face like that.

She started at his feet, gaze moving up his body. The blood started at his rib cage, splattered patterns of rust and scarlet. Old and new blood. He'd killed others before coming here. The realization disappeared into the void in her soul. Shock, a near death experience...all conspired to numb her reactions. She reached his face, skipped over the jaw, his full lips, to look him in the eyes.

"Ohhh. Oh my god."

Her eyes widened, the words slipping from her lips in shock. His eye was gone, dried blood surrounding the staples that snaked out from the corner, mending the tear like tape over torn paper. Inside, where a beautiful green-gold orb had lain, was a glowing, mechanical eye.

Her gaze raced over his face, found the code on the other side, and realization slammed into her like a shuttle at jump speed.

"You're a-"

"Cyborg. Aries class."

His face was serious as he watched her, not moving, his hands at his sides. Even though he held a pistol loosely in one hand, she didn't feel any fear. If he'd wanted her dead, he could have done it any time over the last few days. He didn't need to save her from a fate worse than death to kill her himself.

"A real Aries class, I might add. Not that rubbish I dance on stage. That's all fantasy."

Her lips quirked as amusement surged through her. The sensible part of her brain gave up and went to whimper off in a corner somewhere, alone.

"So you're not all metallic skinned and robotlike, then? Who are you, and why?" Her voice was like a whip as her mood changed. He'd lied and cheated to get onto her ship. For what reason...so he could hijack it?

"If you were planning to hijack the flame, I'll raise you a fleet destroyer."

He shook his head slowly and inched closer. She couldn't look away from the damaged side of his face. The missing eye. Just looking at the wound made her wince. She'd had him in her bed, let him touch her...and all the while this was underneath instead of the benign circuits and chips she'd assumed.

"I didn't want the ship...didn't even know you had it."

A flush drew bright banners on his cheeks as he looked down, shifting his feet like a child caught with his hand in the kruss jar. Then he looked up, the look in his remaining eye direct.

"My name is Johnathon Howe, but I use Johnny Ram on stage. I've been trying to get close to you for months, but you always slipped away from the shows early and never contacted me backstage."

He edged forward again and reached out for her hand. A tiny part of her brain had latched onto the fact he was a cyborg, running all the horror stories she'd heard over the news feeds over the years through her head. There were less now than when the Fleet had originally declared them all dangerous, but they didn't make for a good night's sleep. Homicidal, brutal...killers of children...rapists. The cyborgs had been accused of the most hideous crimes any sane person could think of and worse. But he hadn't tried to rape her and load her, still alive, into an organ stripper.

She nodded silently as he took her hand and stroked a gentle thumb over her knuckles. Taking that as permission, he moved in closer. A finger hooked under her jaw brought her eyes up to meet his. She winced again, trying not to look too closely at the mechanical eye.

"Doesn't that hurt? Do you even feel pain?"

She was taking this way too well. But her voice had a small waver in it and the controlled look in her dark eyes told him that the instant she sat down and thought about what had happened, she'd lose it.

Controlled hysteria. He didn't blame her. A week ago the worst she'd had to contend with was shipping runs and, presumably, a shitty relationship with her ex-husband. Having that ex-husband hijack her ship and reveal he planned to send her alive to the organ farm would send anyone hysterical, especially a gentle soul like his Milly. The hard exterior she presented to the world was just that...a mask. Hard and solid, like a hull protecting the delicate contents within from the ravages of space.

"Yes, it hurts. I'm not totally machine, just parts of me. The rest is human."

She winced again, reaching delicate fingers up to the damaged eye, but stopping short of actually touching.

"Was your eye...?"

He caught her hand and brought it to his lips, kissing the fingertips.

"Was my eye human? Originally, yes. It was a synth-organ to shield the implant. Looked like the real deal, but I don't need it to see."

"Oh." Her lips pursed to form a perfect circle. "And the other one? Is that the same?"

He smiled, moving her hand down and trapping it against his chest, over his heart.

"No, that one's real. One hundred percent human." The eye was anyway, but the optic nerve wasn't, replaced before he'd been woken with synth bundles to link directly to his onboard. But she didn't need to know that.

"Sweetheart," he broke in regretfully as she opened her mouth to speak again. "I'll tell you anything you want to know later. But right now, we have a situation..." He nodded out onto the bridge and the man trapped in the helm chair. "And a crooked fleeter to deal with."

Her face hardened as she followed the line of his gaze. Pulling away from him, she stalked out of the room, over the glass he'd shattered to get to her. Every line of her body was taut with fury.

"You f**king bastard."

She reached the helm and hauled the heavy chair around, no mean feat in itself, and hovered over the captured man, her face twisted in anger. "Never could stand my noise, was it? And that gives you the right to take what's mine, does it? Gives you the right to destroy my bot and have me raped and killed. Does it? Does it?" she snarled, her face mere inches from Jason's.

He tried to lean back, escape the full force of her rage, but the backrest of the chair stopped him. His scared gaze flicked from Milly over her shoulder to Johnny and back again.

"Listen, baby...I was wrong. Seeing you again after you divorced me. Jealousy..."

Johnny felt sick as the weasel started in with the charm routine, his smile fixed in place as he looked back at Milly.

"Fucking stow it." She snapped a hand out behind her. "Johnny, pistol. Now."

"Baby, we can get past this. Start again..."

"Milly?" He couldn't help the question as he stepped forward, holding the pistol out, grip first. She grabbed it, had the safety off and the muzzle pressed against Jason's temple in a heartbeat, as smooth with the weapon as if she'd been born with it in her hand. "Milly...what are you doing, sweetheart?"

"What does it look like? I'm performing a little vermin control. I can't stand lying rats, and this is the biggest I've ever seen. What do you reckon, one bolt or two?" She asked, one hand on the arm of the chair as she shoved the muzzle into Templeton's groin.

"I think two, one for each brain. Although the second wouldn't do much damage, would it, Jason? Not got much between the ears, have you? You'll have even less when I'm done with you."

Jason whimpered in response, his glib talk disappearing as Milly attempted to imprint the make and model of the pistol on the side of the barrel into the flesh of his balls.

"Milly..." Johnny moved forward, trying to get eye contact. Much as he wanted her to blow Jason's brains out into a pretty little pattern all over the bridge, he couldn't. "Milly, look at me. You don't want to do this."

She looked up at him, a feral light in her eyes as Jason blubbered like a child. Right at that moment she looked like she could take on the entire fleet and win. Lesson learnt, a woman scorned was a dangerous thing. A very dangerous thing. He'd just never appreciated how much and was suddenly glad it wasn't his balls she had a pulse pistol to.

Unarmed, with his hands out to his side, he tried to instill calm and reason in his voice and expression. "Honestly, you don't want to do this. Once you start killing, take someone else's life...then there's no going back. Something inside you changes forever. It's not pretty...but it's easy."

"What do you mean, easy?"

She wavered, easing up with the hand that held the pistol and Jason slumped in the seat a little, no longer held up by the barrel between his balls. Johnny hoped the guy didn't get too comfortable, that was still a fully charged pistol she had pointed at his gen**als.

"Killing is easy, justice isn't."

Keeping his voice calm, he moved forward. She tracked him every step of the way, Jason's whimpers little more than background noise.

"You kill him and they'll make him a hero. Put a spin on it. The brave Captain waylaid by pirates...or killed by his jealous ex-wife. You'll be hunted down, shot in some back alley somewhere or your ship blown out of the sky to avoid the truth getting out."

He reached the back of the chair, but didn't try to take the pistol from her. "You can't kill him, Milly-"

"Oh god, thank you." Jason blubbered. "Listen to the man, he's talking sense. You can't kill me, just let me go and I'll forget you were even he-"

"Forget?" Johnny's voice cracked like a whip. "Oh, I didn't say anything about forgetting, now did I? Oh no, we're taking you back, sunshine. You're going to pay for your crimes."

Jason twisted, craning his neck and trying to look at Johnny behind him before Milly reclaimed his attention with a shove of her hand. Her dark eyes considered Johnny with interest.

"Go on."

Johnny smiled, feeling the damaged part of his face pull. Hooking his fingers into the neckline of his shirt he tore it down the middle, then ripped a wide strip all the way around to tie over his face as an impromptu eyepatch. It cut his vision down by half but if the shit hit the fan, it would be the work of a moment to rip it off.

"Crimes?" Now that Milly didn't seem in imminent danger of shooting him, Jason's courage picked that moment to reappear. "I've got friends in high places. You think you're going to get anything to stick? All I have to say was that I suspected you were carrying arms for terrorists. How long do you think you'll manage to stay out of a cell?"

Johnny shook his head. Just how dumb was this guy?

"Oh I think we'll manage to avoid that altogether. Remember the Payne extraction?"

Jason started, his face paling even further as Johnny rounded the chair to look at him.

"Payne extraction...No, I think you have the wrong g-fuckfuckfuck!" He whimpered as Milly powered up the pistol.

"I was married to you, you piece of shit. You think I don't know when you're lying? Now talk. Payne extraction." She slid a sideways glance at Johnny. "What was the Payne extraction?"

Johnny folded his arms over his chest.

"It was my last mission, the day the Fleet decided to terminate the Zodiac project. We were sent in to recover Christian Payne. Templeton was sent in with us as observer."

Milly started. "You mean Christian Payne, co-president Brooks-Payne?"

He nodded, his eyes still on Templeton. "That's the one. He got himself in a bit of bother...his shuttle was hijacked on a surface to space hop. They sent us in to retrieve him."

Templeton started to shake his head.

"No, that's not possible. We killed you all. Every one of you!"

"Not all..." Johnny put his hand on Milly's shoulder, easing her back. "Remember the medivac. Yeah...there were two of us there."

"But, you were gone... You didn't see anything."

Johnny tapped his temple. "That's the thing you gotta watch with cyborgs. What one of us knows, we all know. I heard Harris begging, I heard you laugh. I heard you kill that girl...and now you'll pay."

He ached to wrap his fingers around Templeton's throat and send him to meet his maker. But he wouldn't. No, they had to take him back, with the evidence stored in his long-term memory they had enough to get the human authorities to lock him up and throw away the key.

"He killed a child. You have evidence of that?" Milly asked sharply, pulling the pistol away and giving the man in the chair a look of pure disgust. "Just when I thought my opinion of you couldn't any lower."

"As if I care what a little cyborg-loving whore thinks," he spat, emboldened by the fact the pistol wasn't caressing his balls anymore. "Whatever you have, it'll never get outside the admiralty. It'll be squashed."

Milly grinned as she motioned for Johnny to un-clip him. "Which is why I'm not sending it to the admiralty. No, I think the media stations will have far more fun with it. Can you upload a copy to the Starflame's computer?"

Johnny smiled. "Already done it."

He had to admit it, the girl had style. If there was one way that the fleet wouldn't be able to cover up Templeton's crimes, it was by splashing it all over the news streams. The guy would go from the darling of the fleet and high society to a man hunted and reviled for killing a child. He'd also killed five cyborgs, but that would make no difference. They'd known what they were doing. Known that every mission there was a chance they wouldn't come back. Emilia Payne had just wanted to go with her daddy to see what he did at work.

Lips twisting in disgust, he ripped the straps holding Templeton and yanked the guy to his feet. "I hope they f**king crucify you. Now move."

Chapter Fifteen

"You won't get away with this, you know. My people will find you...you'll pay."

Johnny shoved him again, making him stumble along the gantry.

"Keep moving, a**hole," Milly barked out as she waved the pistol in his general direction. The urge to shoot him in the ass was becoming more and more tempting. She debated putting a few bolts into the floor around his feet to see him dance, but, no expert on these things, she didn't know how much charge the pistol had left.

They reached the hold she and Johnny had been held in and Jason slowed down, his face twisted in disgust at the bodies littered around the door, both in and out of the room.

"You can't put me in there. I... I have claustrophobia," he announced, clinging to the rails like a kid who didn't want to go where his parents told him. Milly sighed. What was next, stamping his feet?

"I don't give a shit," Johnny growled, a hard hand reaching out to yank him from the rail and half throwing the smaller man toward the door. Jason stumbled, arms pinwheeling before he fell on top of one of the troopers lying dead on the floor.

Instantly he was back on his feet, the light of triumph in his eyes as he turned and leveled a pistol, obviously from the corpse, at Johnny.

"Ha! Now the boot is on the other foot, isn't it?"

Milly had him in her sights in an instant. "Forgetting something, Jason?"

He waved a hand in dismissal. "I know you, Milly. You don't have it in you to kill a man."

Hatred contorted his face as he aimed at the cyborg. "I'll send you to the same place as the rest of your bastard squad. If I'd known you'd survived, I'd have hunted you down a long time ago. Fucking animals."

He was threatening Johnny.

Milly didn't think, just squeezed the trigger. Three bolts spat from the pistol in her hand. Jason jerked as each hit him, dark stains spreading out from each impact point. He staggered backward, throat working soundlessly as he stared at her through shocked, unfocused eyes before he crumpled to the floor in a pathetic little heap. His arm sprawled out over the edge of the walkway, the pistol he'd stolen from the corpse falling from his nerveless fingers into the darkness of the hold below.

"Good shot. Thank you."

She snapped the pistol around and aimed it directly at the center of Johnny's chest as something inside her snapped. Jason had lied and cheated throughout their marriage, then tried to steal her ship and have her killed. Johnny had lied to her to get aboard, posed as a bot to get her into bed.

God, I told him I could fall in love with him.

Heat washed over her at the things she'd admitted thinking he was just a bot, the things she'd let him do to her in bed.

"Milly?" His voice was wary, the look in his eyes more so. Good, he should be wary. He was a damn liar, just like the rest of them.

"Back up. Into the hold," she ordered, her voice as cold as she could make it. "I don't care who you are, what you are, I don't want you near me. When we get back to the station, I want you off my ship. I don't want to see you again."

"He's in the hold. I suggest you get him out of here before I call station security."

Milly folded her arms as Cyn, the bot creator approached, all delicate grace and slender curves with a bot-carrier in tow. Of course, Milly knew the truth now. Cyn was a cyborg, just like Johnny. The two of them were in it together.

Were they lovers as well? She ignored the stab of pain through her heart at the thought. Of course they were. What man could resist the taller woman's beauty and the aura of grace that surrounded her like a cloak? Milly hardened her heart and managed a cool smile as the cyborg woman stopped in front of her.

Cyn could probably snap her neck in one movement, but she no longer cared. The last twelve hours had been full of tough choices and she'd run out of "give a crap" about anything now. She'd taken inventory, relieved to find her cargo was more or less intact, debated whether or not to just vent the bodies to space, and then, when she knew she couldn't do that, taken the decision whether or not to inform the authorities straightaway or give Johnny a chance to leave.

Cyn inclined her head, studying Milly with an implacable gaze. "Thank you."

"For what? Telling you to come and fetch your lying, no-good friend before the authorities arrive? I may be many things, but I won't be an accomplice to murder. Which is what'll happen when they find him in the hold. Bots generally do not bleed."

She sighed and ran a hand through her hair. It shook, but she ignored it, her expression warning the other woman to do the same. "Just get him out of here. And tell him if I see him sniffing around my ship again, I'll report him to the authorities myself. Do I make myself clear?"

Cyn nodded, looking as though she wanted to say something for a moment, but then her expression cleared. Must be great to be able to do that, Milly thought with bitterness. To be able to order up an expression or an emotion and have others believe you.

"Crystal clear. I'll tell him. May I?"

She motioned toward the airlock. Milly nodded and moved out of the way, watching as Cyn moved past her, pulling the anti-grav stretcher behind her. At least she'd thought ahead. Milly hadn't even considered how Cyn would get Johnny out. The crudely bandaged wound on his face would attract too much unwanted attention, but the closed stretcher, commonly used by bot-shops to retrieve out-of-power or damaged bots, was perfect.

She watched until Cyn was out of sight and then turned to head back up to the bridge. The news stations had already received an anonymous tip off containing the evidence from Johnny's memory banks, but she wasn't so naive as to think that they wouldn't be able to track the source of the message eventually. The time it took them to track her down, though, had allowed her to get into dock and would allow Johnny to get clear. All she needed to do now was alert the authorities and they'd have themselves a nice little party.

She shook her head as her boots rang out on the metal deck plating. What a merry life she led.

"You, are a f**king idiot. Didn't I tell you this was a bad idea?"

Johnny winced as Cyn poked about in his eye socket, using micro tools to reseat the replacement synth organ over his implant.

"Hmm, no. I think you were too busy laughing."

He lay on the construction table in the room behind Cyn's shop, surrounded by bots as she worked on the damage to his eye. It hurt like a bitch and he felt like shit. The adrenaline that had been carrying him through the situation on the Starflame had long since worn off, leaving him bruised and battered. As it was, he was lucky Cyn had had a synth somewhere near his color that she could tweak.

"Well, you are an idiot." Her expression was serious as she leaned in to check her work. Frowning, she caught the edge of her lip between her teeth, a habit she had when she was concentrating, as she tweaked the placement of the synth.

He knew he was an idiot. He'd had plenty of time to think while locked in the hold for the journey back to the base. He was the king of idiots. First for thinking he could pose as a sexbot and get away with it. Oh sure, for a one-off fuck, he could have gotten away with it, had her return him to the shop and they'd have both gone their merry ways. But as soon as he'd touched her, that had been it. He wanted to be part of her life. Not as a bot, as a man. Her man. For life.

"What woman would be happy about being lied to like that? You surprised she's pissed at you? I'm surprised she didn't fill you full of damn holes. Or turn you over to the authorities. You're damn lucky...we're damn lucky. If she'd so much as mentioned the word cyborg with Lindsey about, we'd both be sunk."

He sighed, grateful for another topic of conversation to latch onto. Anything to avoid talking about the situation with Milly. What situation, the little voice in his head taunted him. She told Cyn she didn't want to see you again. Cut your losses and move on. If only it were that simple. He loved her. The emotion wrapped around his heart, an ache which throbbed in time with his heartbeat.

"I keep telling you, we're not in danger from Lindsey. Unless we give him cause, he needs at least three intergalactic warrants to investigate us. If he does, all he'll find is two plus fives," he assured her.

Their cover was bulletproof. He knew it and she knew it. Any investigation Lindsey could do would only flag them as citizens with over five percent unregistered cybernetics. An offence, but not one that would immediately list them for termination.

"And the instant anything else flags up on the watcher nets we have in the systems, we'll be gone."

"But...it's Lindsey, John. You know what he's like. All those stories."

"Could be just that. Stories." He wrapped a hand around her wrist and looked up at her earnestly. "He's also a man. You're a very beautiful woman. You said it yourself. He asked you out to dinner. His interest begins and ends there."

White teeth bit into the plump flesh at the side of her lip again, her indecision written all over her face. Johnny didn't say anything, just waited. As soon as she'd told him about the incident with Lindsey in the station security office, he'd known there was more to it.

Sure enough, it hadn't been long before she'd revealed the guy's interest had been more on kissing her and getting a date than grilling her about any links to rogue cyborgs. After all, with how slender and delicate-looking Cyn appeared, like a reed that would snap in a strong wind, no one in their right mind would suspect what she really was. Hiding in plain sight...it had always worked well for them.

"Go to dinner with him," he urged, dropping his hand as she started to work healing up the tear in his eye socket. Within minutes he'd be back to his normal appearance, all the damage concealed under a new layer of skin as it healed from within. "But we'll leave anyway. Start again somewhere new. Perhaps the outer rings... They were advertising for the Traxos system on the streams a while back."

She nodded as she wielded a dermal healer over his face. Heat prickled his skin uncomfortably, but he held still. Ever the worrier with the contingency plans and insurance policies, Cyn already had a backup in case anyone picked up that he'd been aboard the Starflame. A bot lay on the next construction table, identical in height and weight to him, his tattoo scrawled over its abdomen, with similar damage to its face. Instead of the implant and bloody skin, the plasti-flesh was torn to reveal a riveted cheekbone and a shattered eye stalk minus it's eye. Anyone came asking and she'd reveal it as the bot she'd "recovered" from the Starflame.

Cyn clicked the healer off and looked at him critically. "Okay, handsome, I think you'll do at that. Right, I have a date to get ready for. Are you going to start the move?"

He sat up, taking the mirror she handed to him and looking at his reflection. No evidence of his injuries showed in the smooth skin and his eyes looked identical, as though he'd been born with both. A swift grin splitting his face, he handed the mirror back, dropped a quick kiss on her cheek and slid off the table.

"I'll put things in motion. Then I have to persuade a certain lady I'm not a total douchebag."

What the hell was she doing?

It was the same question she'd asked herself hundreds of times this evening as she slid into a seat at the back of the club, trusting to the darkness and the crowd to conceal her from the man about to strut his stuff on stage. She was lucky to even get in. The queues outside had snaked out into the main concourse, women wailing and moaning over the fact this was Johnny Ram's last performance. Ever.

Biting her lip, Milly wriggled in her seat to get comfortable and nodded her thanks as the waiter delivered her drink. She didn't even look at it, grabbing the long, cool glass to take a drink as the music started. The alcohol slid down her throat as smoothly as silk. Real good quality stuff when she'd ordered the house standard. Remember to check what they charged...

Her thoughts trailed off as the curtains were whipped aside and Johnny appeared on stage. Her heart thudded, aching as it turned over in her chest. Mine, my man, all her instincts clamored at once as he stalked across the stage. Back in his "cyborg" costume, his skin was coated in a sheen of oil, the bronze-gold color highlighting his sculptured muscles. Muscles she'd explored, traced with her fingers and her lips, mapped with her tongue. Heat exploded through her body as she remembered their nights together. What he looked like braced over her, his eyes dark with passion as he drove into her, claiming her completely.

Her fingers closed tight around the slender glass. Why was she torturing herself like this? It had just been a game to him. Pose as a sexbot, easy way to get sex from a woman who'd turned him down for dinner. He was a liar, pure and simple.

A liar who'd saved her life twice. Who'd stood by her when he could have pretended to be just a bot and hidden in the hold during the hijack. A liar who'd asked her to marry him.

A liar she'd killed her ex-husband for. A chill rolled through her again. When she'd seen Jason aiming at him everything had stopped. He could so easily have been killed. If Jason had owned a scrap of sense he'd have fired as soon as he'd gotten that pistol in his hands. Thankfully, he hadn't. True to form, he hadn't been able to resist the temptation to gloat and taunt Johnny before he killed him.

Her hand shook as she dropped the glass to the table. It clunked heavily, the ice rattling against the sides, more felt than heard. She'd killed her ex-husband. In self defense, the fleet man-Commander Lindsey-had assured her. With the evidence she had and the fact Lindsey already had the Warspear under his control, she wouldn't even be charged. They'd been investigating Jason for months, just hadn't managed to get here in time to stop him hijacking her ship.

Johnny reached the front of the stage, the laser pointer of his pistol stabbing through the darkness as it wandered over the crowd. Around her, the packed room went wild as they waited for the pointer to settle on someone. It was all part of the act, whoever it stopped on, he would approach when he came off the stage.

It wouldn't be her. Milly knew that for sure. There was no way he could see her back here, and even if he could, she'd dressed up, so he probably wouldn't even recognize her. Why she'd bothered escaped her, but here she was, all but poured into a black sheath dress from one of the expensive shops on the main promenade. It had some designer's name on it, but she had no idea which. She'd only bought it because it had matching heels and a clutch.

The pointer wandered toward her table. A bead of water detached itself from the side of her glass, running over her fingers as her gaze traced the strong line of his jaw. It would be rough with the first hint of stubble. Memory supplied the sharp-spicy scent of his cologne and the warm one underneath, the scent of pure male and Johnny that was unique to him.

A small moan escaped her lips as love and need washed through her. The emotion grew and swelled as she finally admitted it to herself. She was in love with him. Totally head over heels in love and had been since he'd rescued her the first time. Thinking he was a bot, not wanting to think she was that desperate, she'd buried the feeling deep and added a layer of armor-plating when she realized that he'd lied to her.

The women around her gasped and Milly clicked out of her daze. The red dot of the pointer danced over her black fabric of her dress, right over her heart. It was her. He'd found her.

She looked up, knowing what she would see. There, on stage, he was watching her. The rest of the room ceased to exist, the music fading as their gazes met and held. Awareness arced between them, heat building and multiplying as she accepted the inevitable. She wouldn't be slipping away as she planned. No running from her feelings or him. No running at all.

He walked down the steps and straight through the crowd toward her. Her breath caught, held up in her throat at the intent in his expression. Utterly male, he moved with a lethal grace totally at odds with the mechanical nature of his act. Then she realized it wasn't part of the act. The act was done. This was between them.

He stopped at the table and stood over her. His big, muscled body was so close she could reach out and run her lips across the tattoo playing peekaboo over his waistband. She looked up, having to crick her neck to meet his eyes. His face was set, feral need and lust tightening his expression. Something else, something deeper swirled in his eyes. Something that scared and thrilled her at the same time as he reached out a hand.

"Milly, I was an ass. I shouldn't have lied and I'm sorry." His deep voice reached her easily, despite the noise of the crowd and the music. "I can't live without you, sweetheart, I don't want to. If you'll let me, I'll prove how sorry I am... I love you."

Warmth exploded through her chest, radiating out from her heart like a solar burst. Tears in her eyes, she reached out and put her hand in his.

"I love you too," she whispered, her voice stolen by the thickness in her throat. Questions crowded in-why was this his last show? Where was he going? Who else knew what he was?-but she ignored them. It didn't matter, there would be time for questions later.

Relief flooded his eyes and a wicked grin spread across his face. She had a half-second warning when his hand tightened around hers. The next instant, she found herself hauled up and thrown across his shoulder.

"Johnny!" she squeaked, clutching at his back as a strong arm closed over her thighs. "Put me down, right now!"

"Not a chance, sweetheart. You're mine now, and I'm never letting go."

His chuckle rumbled through his chest and shoulder where she lay over them. He swatted her on the ass, a sharp sting that made her gasp, as he carried her back to the stage, clumping up the steps as the crowd catcalled and hollered about them. With a cheeky salute and a kiss, he finished his career as a stripper by carrying her offstage.

Epilogue

"So Cyn gave you a hard time for lying to me?"

Milly's fingers trailed across his chest in a seductive dance, drawing circles on the heavy muscle and tracing the outline of his nipple. Johnny rumbled approval deep in his chest and opened an eye to look at her.

"Yes and no, she was too busy laughing at me being a sexbot at first. When we came back, though, yeah...I got an earful."

Both nak*d, they were sprawled across the bed in the main cabin of the Little Flame, the midrange cruiser Milly had bought when her divorce settlement finally came through. With her ex no longer around and no one to challenge the ruling anymore, she'd become a very wealthy woman, even if the Fleet's Witchfinder, Lindsey, had advised her to stay in the outer rings, out of reach of Templeton's powerful family.

He shifted, her silken skin sliding against his, and ignored the temptation to roll her over, part her thighs and sink into her welcoming heat. He'd already kept her up all night and they were about to come into orbit around Traxos Three, a planet looking for more colonists. A planet that might become their home.

"I'm sorry I lied to you. But I'd do it all again to get you to love me."

He reached for her hand and drew it to his lips, kissing the gold band on her ring finger. A matching one glinted on his own hand, placed there only hours before they'd headed to Traxos on their honeymoon trip. Rather than picking a new apartment to live in, they were going for a whole new planet.

She smiled. Soft and warm, with her hair in a tousled cloud around her face, she reminded him of a sleepy kitten, sated and content.

"You didn't need to get me to do anything. You had me when you told me cyborgs aren't bossy..." She walked her fingers across his chest. "But you lied. Cyborgs appear to be incredibly bossy."

He grimaced and opened his mouth to apologize, but she laid a finger over his lips and shook her head. Mischief and heat danced in her eyes, the expression so sexy it stole his breath away.

"How about you show me again just how bossy you can be?

