Dedication:

To my favorite motorcycle enthusiasts—

My husband, who’s always shared the back of his bike with me,
My son, who’s had a motorcycle since he was two, and
My daughter, who made my heart skip a beat more than once while riding her dirt bike.


Look twice.
Save a life.
Motorcycles are everywhere.


 
 
Dangerous
 
by
 
Suzannah Daniels

Published by Suzannah Daniels at Smashwords
Copyright © 2013 by Suzannah Daniels
 
Cover Art by Sarah Hansen, Okay Creations 
http://okaycreations.net/site/
 
All rights reserved.
No part of this book may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without the prior written permission of the author.

This book is a work of fiction. Any similarities to any person, living or dead, events, businesses, or places are coincidental and not intended by the author.
 
First Electronic Edition: March 2013
 
Dangerous / by Suzannah Daniels

www.SuzannahDaniels.com


Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Books by Suzannah Daniels
About the Author



Chapter 1

Stone

Fear. At one time, it was an emotion that was unfamiliar to me. When I was young, I wasn’t afraid of monsters under my bed or gorillas in my closet. I wasn’t afraid of getting in trouble or of Santa marking me off his list or of visits to the dentist. As I grew, so did the list of things that I refused to be afraid of. I wasn’t afraid to sneak out of my bedroom in the middle of the night or to take my parents’ car for a joyride without their knowledge. I wasn’t afraid to steal a kiss from a girl or to mercilessly tease my brother when he didn’t have the courage to do the same. The truth is I had never truly known fear…until the accident. 
Thunder boomed in the distance, bringing me out of my reverie, forcing me to focus on the present. Ominous, gray clouds hung heavy over Quail Mountain, Tennessee, the mundane, little town I called home. I gazed at the sky, noting how much darker it was than normal for this time of day. I suspected it wouldn’t be long before huge, fat raindrops splattered the Earth and everything in between, including me, my bike, and the newly paved road that would lead me to work.
I shoved my helmet on my head, fastened the strap, and swung my leg over my glossy black crotch rocket. I cranked the engine, revved it with a few, quick twists of the throttle, and popped the bike into gear, pulling it up into a wheelie as I barreled down my long driveway.
This bike had been a present from my parents a few months ago for my eighteenth birthday. As far as material possessions went, it had been the only thing I had really wanted. Hell, who was I kidding?  I didn’t want it. I needed it. 
My body shook as I let the front wheel hit the ground again and came to a quick stop at the end of the drive. The June air was stifling, so I opted to keep the shield of my helmet up, leaving my sunglasses to protect my eyes from airborne debris and insects. Once I determined no traffic was coming, I pulled into the street and torpedoed toward town, hugging the curves of the asphalt as I wound my way down the mountainside. I was reckless, and I knew it. Perhaps there was a huge part of me that wanted to taunt death.
When I reached the bottom of the mountain fifteen minutes later, I pulled under the carport behind Quail Mountain Books, a medium-sized shop that sold books, movies, CDs, and video games. 
I took my helmet off, welcoming the stormy breeze on my sweat-dampened hair, and opened the metal door that led into the back entrance of the store. The door shut softly behind me as I laid my helmet down on the laminated countertop that ran around half the room. I was in the kitchen, which had been renovated about a year ago out of necessity. Sleek, black appliances were tucked under the new counter and a matching microwave hung over the stove. I opened the refrigerator door, grabbed a bottled water, and twisted the top open as I went to look for Tom Sullivan, the manager.
“Stone,” Tom called. “What’s up?”
Tom, who was a couple of years older than me, was seated behind a computer along the checkout counter, a newly opened box of video games beside him. His shaggy, brown hair grazed his eyebrows. He was the epitome of a geek from the glasses that constantly rode down to the end of his nose to the hideous plaid pants that he wore. 
“Not much,” I answered, walking over to the box and picking up one of the games. I took a sip of my water and set it on the counter.
“Just got those in,” he said.
“Yeah, I heard this game rocks.”
“Let’s hope so,” Tom said. “With any luck, this will bring in some customers and give the sales numbers a boost.”
“School’s out now,” I said, having just finished my junior year at Quail Mountain High. “Business will definitely pick up over the summer.”
“Yeah,” Tom agreed. “I just hired the seasonal help.”  He glanced at the clock on the wall. “In fact, she should be getting here any minute.”
A large boom of thunder shook the building. Tom and I both looked up at the large, plate glass window along the front of the building. Rain began to patter against the asphalt in the parking lot, leaving it dappled with wet spots. A few seconds later, it began to fall furiously, pelting everything in its path. Lightening sizzled in the sky, like electrified scissors slicing through the dark gray gloom.
“Looks like it’s going to be one helluva day,” I muttered to Tom.
“There she is now,” Tom said, ignoring my comment.
I watched as an old, beige, piece-of-shit, tank-of-a-vehicle pulled into not one, but two parking spots. The car shook and sputtered to a stop. The taillights went out, and Tom and I both watched, waiting for the new girl to make her exit in this godforsaken weather.
“Hope she brought an umbrella,” Tom mumbled to himself.
The car door cracked open, and she struggled as she pushed the heavy door open farther, squeezed through the crack, and then closed the door with a quick shove. She darted into the rain, her messenger bag thumping against her hip as she ran. Tanned, slender legs stretched out beneath a blue jean skirt and disappeared into a pair of brown rain boots with pink polka dots.
By the time she reached the front door, she was drenched. The bell chimed as she opened the door and entered the building. She gave a slight wave to Tom as she approached the counter.
I glanced down the length of her body, admiring every last, magnificent inch of her. It was Tom’s voice that snapped me back to attention.
“Stone Hamilton, I’d like you to meet Dara Golding. She’s going to be helping us over the summer.”
Dara!  My eyes flew to her face. I knew that name. I hadn’t recognized her at first. Her shoulder-length, blond hair was so saturated that it looked much darker than normal. Even now, droplets of water clung to the ends of her hair. Dara Golding hung out with the popular crowd from my new school, and she was a freaking snob. She would be a senior next year, like me, thanks to the fact that I had flunked out of boarding school and had been forced to repeat my junior year at the local public school. Unlike me, she made good grades. A regular teacher’s pet. She also dated the leading running back of the high school football team.
Of all the people Tom could’ve hired, he had to pick her?
She held her hand out to me, and I noted her delicate bone structure and her nails, which were painted a soft pink. Reluctantly, I took it. She gripped my hand firmly and shook it with enthusiasm. Not what I expected from such a girly girl.
“Hi, Stone.”
“It’s nice to meet you, Dara.”  Passing her in the hall at school as she hung off of Chance Murray’s arm hadn’t given me the opportunity to notice the color of her eyes. They were almost bright enough to be Kawasaki green.
“Sorry if I got you wet,” she said as she smiled, revealing straight, white teeth. “I’m soaked. Are there any paper towels around here?”  
Her eyelashes were spiked with water droplets. When she blinked, they splashed against her cheek and rolled down to her jawline. “I can get you a bath towel,” I offered, taking in just how drenched she actually was. “I try to keep one around for emergencies.”
“So now I’m an emergency?” Her laughter filled the air. 
I don’t know what I had expected, but that wasn’t it. I would have thought she would’ve been really pissed off about her hair being ruined and her mascara running and all that other nonsense girls like her were always worried about. She was making it really hard to keep thinking about her as the uptight snot I had always imagined her to be.
“Follow me, and I’ll get you the towel. Then, you can use the restroom just off the kitchen to dry off.”
I opened one of the cabinets over the new countertop and removed the towel that I usually kept reserved for wiping down my motorcycle seat if I got caught in the rain. I handed Dara the towel and watched her as she walked to the restroom. Seeing her outside of school had a whole different feel to it. Maybe it was because her annoying jock wasn’t attached to her hip. Her tanned legs looked as smooth as silk, and I suddenly had the urge to glide my palm along her thigh.
She disappeared behind the closed door, and I decided it was a good time for a cigarette.
I pushed the back door open and stepped out beneath the carport, letting the door shut behind me. The rain had eased up some, but it still drummed rhythmically on the metal roof of the carport. I pulled a loose cigarette out of my front shirt pocket and lit it, drawing in deeply. I closed my eyes and exhaled. Chance and Dara were the ideal high school couple, the kind that were crowned Homecoming King and Queen, the kind that were voted Most Popular, the kind that had perfect lives. I drew off my cigarette again, the end of it turning bright orange as it burned away to ash. They were the kind of couple that irritated me.
I exhaled and propped my arm up against the support post of the car port. Watching a tendril of smoke drift off the end of my cigarette, I wondered why Tom chose her. I cracked a smile. I knew why. One look at her was all it had taken. He probably hadn’t even made her fill out an application. Lightening flashed, followed by a clap of thunder. I was glad it was such a nasty day. It matched my mood.
I put my cigarette out in a puddle forming near my feet, carried it inside, and tossed it in the trash. Dara was nowhere in sight, but the towel was sitting on the edge of the counter, carefully folded. Her messenger bag hung on a row of hooks near the back door.
I went to the restroom to brush my teeth and then walked back through the kitchen to the front of the store. 
Tom had already put Dara to work unloading the newly-arrived box of games onto an endcap that was visible as soon as customers walked in the front door.
“Did that shipment of books come in?” I asked, interrupting him as he entered data into the computer.
“Yeah.”  He pointed to a stack of boxes on the floor by the wall on the other end of the long counter. “Got some CDs in, too.”
“Have you already added them into inventory?” I asked.
“Yep. They’re ready to stock.”
I walked to the stack of boxes and flipped open the flaps, satisfied when I saw a much anticipated release in hardback from a popular author. I lifted the box and carried it to the empty endcap next to Dara and began neatly arranging the books on the shelf.
“Thanks for the towel,” Dara said as I bent over to pick up another stack of books.
“No problem,” I replied, not bothering to look away from my task at hand.
“Have you ever played this game?”
I glanced at her as she waved one of the games in the air. She was watching me, awaiting my answer. “It’s a new release,” I said, hoping that answered her question and shut her up. I really wasn’t in the mood to chitchat.
“I’ll have to tell Chance about this. He likes to play video games when he’s not practicing football.”
Great. Of all the people I didn’t want to hear about….
“Do you play video games?” she asked. 
I slid the last book into place and grabbed another stack, shoving them into place before I answered her. “Not much. Every once in a while, Tom and I will test a new release.”
“Cool.”
I finished emptying the box, turning some of the books cover side out, so customers could easily spot the title and author. Glancing over at Dara, I realized her box was still half full. Looking out the plate glass window, I frowned at the ugly, black clouds. If sales didn’t pick up soon, I didn’t know how much longer this shop would be in business, and this weather wasn’t helping.
“Didn’t you go to Quail Mountain High last year?” she asked.
“Yeah,” I answered, grabbing a handful of games out of her box and helping her fill the shelf on the endcap.
“You’ll be a senior next year, right?” she asked.
“Yes,” I answered. I didn’t need to ask her what grade she’d be in next year. The whole school knew she would be a senior.
She and I bent down at the same time to grab another stack of games and bumped heads.
“Shit!” I blurted before I could catch myself. I had a really bad habit of speaking now and thinking about what I was actually saying later, a trait that had pissed off my parents on more than one occasion. Dang, she had a hard head. I blinked, trying to clear the stars that had blurred my vision.
“I’m so sorry,” she whispered frantically. “Are you okay?”
I rubbed the side of my temple, trying to determine the answer to her question. I felt a lump rising, and I closed my eyes for just a moment and breathed deeply.
“Let me see,” she said.
I held my palm up toward her. “I’m fine.”  I dropped my palm to my knee, not yet rising from my stooped position.
Before I knew what she was doing, her fingers were in my hair, her gentle touch skimming over the spot where our heads bumped. She was so close that I could smell the delicate fragrance on her skin, and I found myself enticed by her.
“Oh, my gosh!” she exclaimed. “A knot. Great. My first day of work, and I’ve already given someone a concussion.”
I laughed, but I didn’t move. I didn’t know why I found her comment so amusing or why I didn’t want her to move her hands. Slowly, I rose, catching her slender wrists in my grasp. “I’m fine,” I said, feeling the pulse in her wrist quicken against my fingertips. Her brilliant green eyes widened, and her full, shimmering-pink lips parted in surprise. “What about you?” I asked.
I wasn’t sure if she heard my question. She stared at me in shock as if the principal had just caught her making out behind the bleachers.
“Dara?” I asked, starting to wonder if she was the one with the concussion.
“I’m…fine,” she said breathlessly.
I’d been around enough girls to know when I had an effect on them. And she was definitely affected.
Dara wasn’t the type of female I usually hung out with, but it was nice to know I had the same effect on the goody-two-shoes that I did on the bad girls.
My phone buzzed, and I pulled it out of my pocket, glancing at the caller’s name. Speaking of bad girls, Jessie was calling.

Dara

I thought my heart was going to pound out of my chest. If I hadn’t still been freezing from the cold rain that soaked my hair and clothes, sweat would’ve been trickling down my temples. The warmth from his hands was like heaven against my icy skin, but his close proximity was dangerous to my hammering heart. In fact, if I had to describe Stone Hamilton in one word, it would be dangerous. 
He was everything I was scared of.
Thank goodness he had gotten a phone call. The distraction was just what I needed to get myself back on track, to remember why I had taken this job in the first place.
I watched as he walked toward the door that led to the kitchen. I didn’t know who had called him, but it appeared that he wanted privacy before he answered.
I had gone to Quail Mountain schools my whole life. Last year was the first year that I had ever seen Stone Hamilton. I assumed that he had moved to the area recently. I didn’t really know, though, because I had never spoken to him until today. He wasn’t the kind of guy that I usually conversed with. He was kind of dark and broody. I had tried to be nice and strike up a conversation with him, but it was difficult when all he would do was give me short answers to my questions.
Stone had a reputation for attracting females—not females like me, but the ones that seemed to be a little more on the wild side or maybe I should say were more like free spirits, the kind of girls that weren’t weighed down by inhibitions.
I turned my attention back to the box of games and finished putting them on the shelves. I picked up my empty box and the empty box that Stone had left in front of the endcap beside me. 
“What should I do with these?” I asked Tom, who was still hunched over the computer keyboard, tapping away.
“We break the boxes down and put them in the cardboard recycling dumpster out back. There’s a box knife in the kitchen drawer by the back door. Just break them down and lean them against the wall behind the door, and we can take them out after it’s stopped raining.”
“Okay.”  I carried the boxes into the kitchen and set them on the counter. I had no idea what a box knife was, but I looked in the drawer that Tom mentioned. There were three box knives in the drawer.  At least, I assumed they were box knives. I pulled one out of the drawer and slid the button on the side of it until the edge of a razor blade popped out of the opening on the top. I grabbed the box and flipped it over.
Stone opened the back door and stepped into the kitchen, sliding his phone back in his pocket.
He looked at me with clear blue eyes and nodded toward the boxes. “Need some help?”
“I got it,” I answered, not wanting him to think I couldn’t handle it myself.
I put the edge of the razor blade on the far end of the box, sliding it toward me as it sliced the center of the wide, clear tape that held the box together.
“Stop,” Stone said authoritatively, moving closer to me.
I froze and looked up at him expectantly.
“Always cut away from yourself,” he said softly.
When I stared at him because I had no idea what he was trying to say, he took my hand in his and moved it to the end of the tape nearest my body. His hand was warm, his fingernails neatly manicured. As he guided my hand, his face close to mine, I was incredibly aware of him, of the scent of his cologne, of his gray tee shirt stretched taut over his pectoral muscles.  
“Start here and move the blade away from your body,” he said. “It’s safer.”
I watched his lips as he spoke. His nearness made it difficult to breathe, and I stood motionless as I gazed up at his eyes, mine locking with his. I suppose I stared a little too long.
“You wouldn’t want to accidentally cut yourself,” he explained as he held my gaze. “The smell of blood sends me into a frenzy, and well, I’d hate to sink my fangs into that pretty, little neck of yours.”
I continued to stare like a complete idiot. Words usually flowed from my mouth effortlessly, but right now, I couldn’t put a coherent thought together to save my life.
He grinned. “I’m kidding.”
The transformation was amazing. He was handsome, whether he smiled or not, but watching him as he grinned sent my heartbeat into high-speed mode. His eyes seemed a little brighter, his mood a little lighter. I finally snapped out of my stupor and smiled back. “I’ll have to make sure I wear my garlic necklace from now on.”
“And don’t forget your holy water perfume,” he added, those glacier-like eyes studying my face.
I grinned.
“You can’t take too many precautions to keep yourself safe from people like me.”  With that, he left the room, going back to the front of the store.
What did he mean by that?  I was unsure of whether he was still joking, referring to himself as a vampire, or whether he meant people wanted to be safe from guys like him.
I finished breaking down the boxes and was setting them by the back door when Stone came back into the kitchen.
Any happiness that had shown on his face moments ago was gone now. He scowled as he said, “Thought you might want to know your boyfriend’s here.”
“Technically, I don’t have a boyfriend, but I assume you’re talking about Chance?” I asked, a little surprised.
It took him a moment to respond. “I’m talking about the jock who was attached to your hip last year at school. He’s not your boyfriend?”
“No.”
“What happened?  I didn’t think he could function if you weren’t hanging off his arm, laughing and fluttering your eyelashes at him.”
Was this the same guy who was joking just moments ago?  I didn’t respond to his question or his snide comment. Why was he being such a jerk?  
“Let me guess. You finally realized that you could do so much better.”
“You don’t even know him,” I muttered as I brushed past him, leaving him in the kitchen alone.
Chance was standing at the endcap I had just stocked, reading the package of the newly released video game.
“You should buy that,” I suggested, walking toward him.
He ran his fingers through his feathered, blond hair, pushing it out of his eyes. “Hey, Dara!  I thought I’d stop by and see how the first day of your new job’s going.”
“So far, so good.”  I hadn’t seen Chance since we broke up a week ago. We had been inseparable for the last year, and it had been a little strange without him during the last few days. 
“How’re you doing?” he asked as he scanned my face with caring, hazel eyes.
I smiled at him. “I’m okay. How about you?”
He grabbed my hand and kissed the back of it. “It’s definitely different without you, but I’m okay, too.”
“We made the right decision, Chance.”
“Yeah, I know.”
I squeezed his fingers and then slid my hand out of his. “So do you have big plans for this summer?”
“Not really. I’ll probably just hang out with friends for the most part. You?”
“I’ll be working,” I said with a grin. “Hopefully, I’ll make enough money to buy me a car. Granny is always happy to let me drive hers, but…it’s a little embarrassing, if you know what I mean. Besides, I want to drive to school next year, and even though she would probably let me drive hers, I don’t want to leave her without a vehicle all day.”
“She does like to go to the grocery store and visit Mr. Milton,” he said, a mischievous grin on his face. 
Granny went to the small, local grocery store almost every day. Mr. Milton was a sweet, little, old man that the whole town knew. He had owned the grocery store since my grandmother was a teenager. Papa had passed away ten years ago when I was seven, and Mr. Milton’s wife passed away a couple of years ago. In the last few months, Chance and I noticed how Granny’s eyes seemed to light up when she saw Mr. Milton. I knew she was lonely.
“Yeah, there’s no way I could keep Granny from getting her Mr. Milton fix. That settles it. My number one goal for the summer is to save enough money to buy a car.”
“When you get ready to buy something, let me know. My dad might be able to help you find a decent set of wheels.”
“I will. Thanks, Chance. I can use all the help I can get. I know nothing about cars.”  In an odd way, it really was a relief to know that someone would be able to help me. The thought of buying a car kind of scared me. There were only two car lots on Quail Mountain, and Chance’s father owned one of them.
“Well, I guess I’d better get going so you can get back to work. I think I’ll buy this game. It’ll give me something to do.”
I walked Chance to the cash register. Tom let me scan the game and ring up the purchase. It was really easy and kind of fun. Other than dealing with Stone’s mood swings, I was going to like this job.
I watched Chance walk out the door and get into his shiny, red convertible. His top was up, of course, but I did notice the rain had stopped and the sky was beginning to clear.
I breathed in deeply and exhaled. My life was changing. I had grown as a person during the last year. I would miss Chance, but he and I agreed that we had grown apart, that we needed to separate, that we needed to experience new things in our lives. It wouldn’t be long and high school would be over.
This was my first job, and I was excited about my decision to save money for a car. It made me feel mature, responsible. I was starting a new phase of my life, and it felt good.

Stone

I stood at the edge of the back of the building and watched as Chance drove off. I was pissed off, and I didn’t even know why. I had baited Dara, tried to get a rise out of her, but she left me standing with no one to harass but myself.
 I figured I was just in a bad mood because Jessie had called to cancel our date. She mumbled something about her brother needed her help tonight, but with Jess, you never knew for sure whether she was telling the truth. Not that it really mattered to me. Jessie was just a diversion, same as I was to her. That’s what made us so perfect for each other. Neither of us wanted a serious relationship. We just wanted to hang out, have a little fun, and then go our separate ways. But it still left me with nothing to do tonight, and I’d be damned if I was going to go home to an empty house.
“It’s nice, isn’t it?”
Dara’s voice interrupted my thoughts. Surprised because I hadn’t heard the back door open, I turned to look at her. “What is?”
“His car.”
“Is that how you decide who you’re going to date?  By how nice his car is?”  I knew I was baiting her again, but I just couldn’t help myself.
I watched her face, waiting for her to narrow her eyes at me or shoot me a bird or at least frown. Instead, she shot me a dazzling smile. “Have you seen the car I’m driving?  What makes you think I need to date a guy for his car?”
The image of her struggling to get out of that antique, ugly-ass tank made me smile.
“You do have a point.”
“If you play your cards right, maybe I’ll take you for a ride,” she said in little more than a whisper, as if she were in unfamiliar territory.
I locked my eyes on hers. I could see her uncertainty, perhaps a little bit of horror that I might even take her up on it. I figured it was best to let her off the hook.
“I’ve never been very good at playing cards.”
She gave a small shrug of her shoulders. “Suit yourself.”
“I usually do.”
I tried to hide a smirk as she stood innocent-eyed, staring at me as if she had no idea what to say next. She clung so hard to the broken-down cardboard boxes in her hands that her knuckles were turning white. This was Dara’s lucky day. I decided to let her off the hook for the second time in the last five minutes. “Here,” I said, motioning to the boxes. “I’ll take those for you.”
Reluctantly, she handed them over, and I walked away, so she wouldn’t have to think of something to say. Puddles were scattered across the pavement between me and the recycling dumpster. The humidity made the air seem thick in the back of my throat. The sun was peeking out from behind the clouds and shockingly enough, it looked like it might even turn out to be a halfway decent day. 
I slid the boxes through the horizontal slit on the dumpster and turned to head back into the store. Dara was nowhere in sight, so I assumed that she had taken her escape while she could. Smart girl.
When I got back in the store, I was relieved to see that we had a few customers milling around. The break in the weather was probably responsible for that. Tom was busy training Dara on the computer system and the procedure for stocking inventory, so I went in my office to come up with a marketing strategy. Sales had been down. Without an effective marketing strategy, the store wasn’t going to stay open for long.
I brainstormed on ideas that might help get customers in. When I was finished, I printed it and went to find Tom. He was sitting behind the front counter with Dara at his side. 
“You got time to talk about marketing?” I asked.
Tom did a face palm. “I do, but why don’t I go get a pizza?  We can eat, and then maybe my brain can transition from boring tasks, such as spreadsheets and inventory, to the more exciting, creative world of marketing.”
“Deal.”  I knew he was being sarcastic. Tom lived for boring stuff, like spreadsheets. He didn’t have a creative bone in his body, but he and I would go through the process anyway.
A few minutes later, Tom left to pick up the pizza. Dara and I sat on tall stools behind the front counter.
“So what kind of marketing are you working on?” she asked as she took a paper towel and wiped the dust off the register.
“Our sales have been down. It usually picks up over the summer, but we need to come up with some ideas that will energize the store. We need to get our name out there and draw customers in.”  I fidgeted with my ink pen, drawing circles on the paper.
“What are your ideas so far?” she asked, walking closer to me and looking down at the list in front of me.
“Loss leader,” she read. “What’s that?” she asked, wrinkling her nose in confusion.
“It’s when you sell an item at or below cost in hopes that it will generate other sales. Like if we sold a movie for ninety-nine cents and a customer came in to buy it and bought two other regular-priced movies while they were here.”
“Oh, I see,” she said. Man, she was standing close enough again that I could smell her perfume. I didn’t know what she was wearing, but it was highly effective. “You could have a date night sale to encourage couples to come in. Something like, buy an action-adventure movie, get a chick flick for ninety-nine cents. Or maybe a girls’ night out sale. I have a couple of friends who just got their cosmetology licenses through the vocational program at school. They could set up a table, and you could have something like spend twenty dollars and get your nails painted for ninety-nine cents. They would probably work cheap just to get the experience and to build up clientele.”
“Women would come in for that?”
“Women love to be pampered, and they love to shop. They would come.”
Considering how unsure of herself she seemed earlier, she was exuding confidence now. She really seemed to be in her element.
She continued, “We could also have a big Fourth of July blowout. We could have face painting, and braiding….”
“Braiding?”
“Yeah, like braiding hair. Little girls love that stuff, and if you can get the parents in here with the kids, then the parents will be shopping while we’re painting their little angels’ faces. Cha-ching.”
I had to admit that she was a brainstorming maniac who was full of creative ideas. No wonder she did well in school.
“I thought we might add a kids’ section,” I said, glancing at one of my other ideas. “Maybe put all the children’s products in one corner of the room and bring in a couple of small tables with chairs. What do you think?”
“That’s a good idea. You know what else we could do?”
“What?”
“Add a snack bar.”
“I hadn’t thought about that.”  I scanned the room, wondering where the snack bar could go.
“You think the owner would agree to that?” she asked, her expression serious, her green eyes focused on my face.
“I may be able to talk him into it.”
Tom finally showed up with the pizza. The three of us discussed marketing ideas during lunch, but I had a hard time concentrating. All I could think about was kissing those pink, sparkly lips. Her blond hair had finally dried, and it framed her face in soft ringlets. I had missed out on what had been said, but she looked up at me now, smiling, her green eyes focusing on my face before she shifted them to Tom.
I had no plans tonight. Part of me wanted to ask her out, but the other part had no interest in a girl like her. She would expect things. Jessie didn’t give a damn. She lived for the moment, never worrying about what the consequences would bring. And she didn’t care about other girls I dated. There was no clinging, no jealousy, no blowing up my phone. It was just the way I liked it. 
I grabbed my water bottle and took a swig. Tom walked to the kitchen to get a drink. 
I breathed in deeply, inhaling her scent. I could ask her now. There was the chance that she might say no. I could tell that she was out of her comfort zone when we were alone. But I could be pretty persuasive when I wanted to be, and I had no doubt that if I wanted to go out on a date with her tonight, all I had to do was decide what time to pick her up.
The logical side of me tried to kick in, despite the fact that it was being overridden by my male hormones at the moment. I had worked very carefully to stay away from girls like her.
My eyes flicked down to her soft, pink lips again, and I noted how the color perfectly matched her shirt. I found her incredibly sexy. A date. All I had to do was ask.
I stood up quickly, startling her as the stool scraped across the floor. I brushed past her and entered the kitchen. Tom was down on his haunches, sorting through things in the fridge.
“Tom, I’m leaving now,” I said, snatching up my motorcycle helmet.
“Okay,” he answered, never looking up.
I hurried out the back door, slammed my helmet onto my head, and rode a wheelie through the parking lot. I had to get the hell out of there. I needed my bike. It was my only crutch, the one thing that was familiar, comfortable, reliable.
My front wheel hit the ground, and I sped down the road, the hum of the motor calming me. 



Chapter 2

Dara

My window was down, inviting the suffocating breeze to lick my perspiring face while it whipped my already-tangled hair into wild disarray. The air conditioner in Granny’s car hadn’t worked in years. It would be expensive to have it repaired, and Granny didn’t think the old car was worth putting that kind of money into. I didn’t think she really even minded not having air. It was only on my account that it was ever used at home. If it was up to Granny, the windows would be open and the ceiling fans would be turned on.
I pulled into the driveway, the gravels crunching under the tires.
Granny immediately popped through the screened door onto the porch in her bright pink polyester pants and hollered, “How was your first day?”
I got out of the car and smiled at her. “It was fun. Well, most of it was.”
When I reached the front porch, she dropped down into a white, wooden rocker and motioned to the one on the other side of the front door. “Have a seat.”  My grandpa had made these rockers in his workshop out back. Sitting in them on the front porch was one of Granny’s favorite things to do.
Tapping her tiny feet against the wooden slats of the porch, she pushed herself into a rocking motion. “Now what do you mean most of it was fun?  What wasn’t fun about it?” 
“I met a boy that goes to my school.”
“When I was your age, I would’ve thought that was the fun part.”
I smiled, trying to imagine my tiny, wrinkled, little grandma with white hair and knuckles swollen with arthritis as a seventeen-year-old girl.
“Was he cute?” she asked, her head bobbing as she rocked.
I thought about Stone, his dark hair, his ice blue eyes, his lean, muscular body. As I had already experienced, his handsome face could send a girl into near cardiac arrest. His masculinity had left me so very glad that I was born a female, and there was an aura about him that drew me in, making me not care about the consequences. Chance was a great guy, but Stone was everything that Chance was not…dark, mysterious, dangerous. Kittens were cute. Little girls with pigtails were cute. Somehow, that word just didn’t seem to describe Stone Hamilton.
“He’s the kind of guy that makes a girl forget her own name.”
“When do I get to meet him?” she asked.
“Granny!” I exclaimed. 
“And you still haven’t told me what’s not fun about him.”
“It’s hard to explain. He was just moody. He was super sweet one minute and storming out of the room the next. He seemed to be highly unpredictable, like he didn’t know how to act around me or something.”
Granny laughed. “He’s been bitten by the Dara bug. This should be an interesting summer.”
I couldn’t keep myself from rolling my eyes. Bitten by the Dara bug?  That’s what Granny always said when she thought somebody was smitten with me. I understood why she said it. She was a doting grandmother, and she was very good at making me feel special. But I wasn’t ten anymore. Stone may be many things, but bitten by the Dara bug was not one of them. Heck, he wouldn’t even pretend like he was interested in riding in the same car with me. He was so not smitten.
“Honey, I’m going to go to the grocery store. You need anything?” 
“Not that I can think of,” I answered, finding it hard to concentrate on anything but Stone.
She went in the house and came out a moment later with her purse. I handed her the car keys, knowing that she had been waiting all day to go see Mr. Milton. As she backed onto the main road, I waved goodbye, amused at her eagerness. 
 A soft breeze blew across the porch, sending the wind chimes into a tinkling rhythm. When Granny had driven out of sight, I went inside, desperate to escape the heat, and texted my two best friends, twin sisters named Crimson and Scarlet Cruze.

Stone

After leaving the book store, I rode my motorcycle along the Black Snake, the most winding, mountainous road in the area, a great place for motorcycle enthusiasts who wanted a challenging ride. It helped clear my head. While I was navigating the Black Snake, it was just me and my bike, nothing else could penetrate my mind. And considering how much shit I had floating around in my head, it was no wonder that I visited the Black Snake often.
To help clear my mind even further and wash some of the tension from my body, I followed my ride up with a steaming hot shower and then made plans to meet Mike Waters at Awesome Sauce, the local teen hangout.
When I entered the building, I saw him sitting in a booth by the window, a mountain of fries in front of him.
I sat across from him, and we bumped fists across the table in greeting. Mike would also be a senior next year at Quail Mountain High, and he was the one person that I had known before I started attending school there.
“What did you do to Jessie?” he asked, right before he crammed two French fries in his mouth.
“Jessie?  I didn’t do anything to her. She canceled on me tonight. Why?”
“I saw her in here at lunch today. When I asked where you were, I thought she was going to burst into tears. She seemed like she was upset about something. I figured you must’ve done something to make her mad.”
I laughed. “Jessie is not a burst-into-tears kind of girl. She’s the eat-you-up-and-spit-you-out-on-your-ass type. You know that. She probably was pissed off about something, but it didn’t have anything to do with me.”
I motioned for the server to come to our table and ordered a cheeseburger, fries, and a sweet tea. When she left, I glanced back at Mike. “So how’re you going to spend your summer?”
“Chasing skirts,” he said, looking at me with exasperation. “How else would I spend it?”
“I thought you would’ve tired of that by now, since you’re always chasing them, but never actually catching any. They do scientific experiments about guys like you. You know that, right?  See how many times you’ll get shocked, even though you never get the cheese.”
He chuckled. “Dang, Stone, you know how to kick a man in the gut, don’t you?”
I ignored his question. “Hey, do you remember that girl that dated Chance Murray?”
“You mean Dara Golding?  Of course I remember her. She’s hot.”  He pointed a fry at me. “Now there’s a skirt I’d like to catch.”
“Tom hired her.”
The server delivered my tea, and Mike stopped eating and looked at me. “She’s working at Quail Mountain Books?”
“Yeah, today was her first day. I’ve got to say she looked smokin’ hot.”
“I guess I’ll have to come buy something tomorrow.”
Dara Golding. Every time I thought about her, I saw those shimmering pink lips. I couldn’t get them out of my freaking mind. 
“I’ve been thinking about asking her out.”  The words came out of my mouth before my mind could stop them. 
Mike studied my face, his brown eyes assessing me. “She doesn’t seem like your type.”
“My type?  What’s my freakin’ type?  She’s gorgeous, and she has a great bod. That is my type.”
“You know what I mean, Stone.”	
Why did everyone always assume that I didn’t measure up?  “No, I don’t think I do know what you mean. Are you insinuating that she’s too good for me?”  I could feel my blood pressure rising. 
Mike held his hands up in a conciliatory manner. “Of course not. I’m saying that you usually go for the girls who just want a little fun, not the kind of girls that want relationships. And speaking of relationships, isn’t she dating Chance?”
“Not anymore.”
“Well, when you ask her out, see if she has any friends that want to double date.”
“So now it’s not enough that I find my own date. I have to find you one, too?”
“I wouldn’t turn it down, if you did,” he said, chuckling. “And she has some hot friends.”
The server delivered my order, and I took a sip of my tea. The conversation turned to other things, but Dara’s sexy mouth was never far from my mind.

***

I slept late the next morning. When I pulled into the parking lot of the store, I saw Dara’s hideous ride parked in the corner of the lot. I whipped around the side of the building to park my bike where I always parked it, under the carport. I removed my helmet and that was when I first noticed her.
She was wearing a pair of skintight blue jeans and a green, fitted shirt that accentuated the color of her eyes. She wore strappy, leather sandals that showed off her freshly-painted, hot pink toenails. Her blond hair hung just past her shoulders, and today it was straight and silky. I decided right then and there that Dara would look good no matter how her hair was fixed and no matter what type of clothing she wore. Hell, she could make Tom’s plaid pants and geeky glasses look sexy.
Apparently, she had made a trip to the dumpster and was on her way back into the store. She walked toward me.
“I saw you riding a wheelie through the parking lot yesterday.”
I looked at her, but didn’t respond. Was that supposed to be news to me?  
“You think you’re a real badass on that thing, don’t you?” she asked, coming to a stop just a few feet away.
“You’re wrong.”
“Am I?” she asked, sounding like she didn’t believe me.
“I don’t think I’m a badass on this thing. I know I am.”
A change of emotion flickered across her face. I could tell Dara hadn’t experienced anyone quite like me. But then few girls had.
“Conceited and a badass,” she spouted. “Now there’s a combination.”
I shot her the most endearing grin I could muster. “Everybody has something they’re good at. Your heartthrob boyfriend knows his shit when it comes to football. I’m no running back, but this?”  I motioned to the bike. “This is my shit.”
I placed the helmet on the mirror and got off the bike. I walked toward her, her lips still parted in surprise to my response. The closer I got to her, the wider her green eyes opened. She stood her ground as I approached. I bent close to her, my face just inches away from hers. I could smell her perfume, and it drew me nearer.
Damn, it wouldn’t take much for me to lean down right now and nibble on her lower lip. I could tell that she wanted me to. Her eyes were beautiful, her lids highlighted with shades of pink. Dark eyeliner had been applied under her eyes, starting out as a thin line on the inner part of the eye and widening as it reached the outer corners. Long, dark lashes framed the vibrant green irises. She was watching me closely, silently, unsure of my next move. 
I held my position. I wanted to keep her wondering. I wanted her to hope desperately that I would close the gap and touch my lips to her own. I wanted her to be aware that I was watching her as closely as she was watching me, to know that I was taller, stronger. I could see her pulse beating wildly along the slender column of her neck. I wanted her to want me.
Once I was satisfied that I had left her breathless, that when Dara Golding heard my name, her heart would skip a beat and heat would unfurl in her body, I took a step back.
“I’m conceited and a badass,” I said softly. “You’d best not forget it.”

Dara

My heart was beating out of my chest again, thumping so loudly that I wondered if he could actually hear it. Why did he have that effect on me?
Afraid that I would shatter into a thousand pieces if I moved, I stood motionless as I watched him turn away and walk into the building. My chest began rising and falling rapidly and only then did I realize that I had been holding my breath. I inhaled deeply, trying to regain my composure. When he watched me so intently with those wintry eyes, I was mesmerized, his gaze penetrating me to my very core.
He scared me. When he was near, I lost all control, all conscious thought. I was under his spell.
When my breathing finally returned to normal, I reminded myself why I was here. I desperately wanted to save enough money to buy my own car, and if I continued to let Stone distract me, Tom was going to fire me. Speaking of Tom, he was probably wondering what was taking me so long.
I took one more deep breath before I went through the back door in search of Tom.
I found him in his usual spot, slumped over the computer, working on spreadsheets and inventory.
“Tom, all the cardboard boxes have been broken down and put in the dumpster. What should I do now?”
He looked up from the computer screen and pushed his glasses up his nose. “Just watch the cash register. I gotta go out for a couple of hours and run some errands. You think you can handle it by yourself?”
I felt the panic swell in my chest. There really wasn’t that much to do, though. The cash register was pretty easy to work. “Sure. I can handle it.”
“Good. If you have any problems, Stone can help you. I’ll let him know that I’m leaving and that you’ve got the cash register covered.”
“Okay.”  Stone was in the back of the store somewhere putting out inventory. I didn’t really want to have to ask for him help, terrified that I would have the same reaction that I did a moment ago.
Time ticked away.
With every customer that I checked out, my confidence grew. It felt great to be able to handle business on my own, and I was beginning to understand just how satisfying a job could be. 
I hadn’t spoken to Stone since Tom left. I wasn’t sure if he was intentionally avoiding me or if it had just worked out that way. I thought I might actually make it until Tom returned, but then a customer presented me with a ten percent off coupon.
Darn. I hadn’t yet encountered a coupon, and as I stared at the cash register, I realized there was no way that I would be able to complete the sale without assistance from Stone.
I smiled at the middle-aged lady as she looked at me expectantly. “I’m sorry, but I’m new. Let me get someone to help me with this coupon. I’ll be right back.”
She smiled back at me. “That’s fine.”
I held the coupon tightly between my thumb and my index finger and went in search of Stone. I found him at a back endcap, stocking CDs. 
“Stone, I hate to bother you, but a customer gave me this coupon. I don’t know how to ring it up.”
He looked at me, and it was all I could do not to physically squirm.
He motioned down the aisle, his biceps visible with the movement. “After you.”
I walked back to the cash register with him following me. The lady was still waiting patiently as I hurried up the aisle.
“Hey, Mrs. Foster!  How’re you today?” Stone asked, greeting the customer. I noticed that he called her by name, and I wondered if she was a regular.
“I’m good, Stone. You?”
“Couldn’t be better.”
“How are your parents?”
“They’re doing just fine. They should be back in time for the Fourth of July.”
“Oh, good!  I’ll have to drop by and see them.”
“You should definitely do that. They’d love to see you.”
He turned his attention to me then. “Just scan the item, press the coupon button, then scan the coupon. It will automatically take off the appropriate amount. After that, all you have to do is hit your total button.”
He was standing directly behind me, watching my every move. I tried not to be self-conscious but failed miserably. I followed his instructions and completed the transaction. When Mrs. Foster left the store, there were no other customers. 
Stone crossed his arms and leaned against the counter, grinning at me, his black pullover shirt contrasting with his light blue eyes. “I’m awesome sauce, aren’t I?”
“Because you know how to enter a coupon?” I asked, slightly annoyed that his conceitedness was showing again.
“Because you, Dara Golding, find me irresistible.”
I stared at him, dumbfounded.
“Admit it. You do.”  His angular jawline softened as he grinned.
“I’ll admit no such thing, you pompous rakehell.”
“Rakehell?  Ouch. Now there’s a word you don’t hear every day. You had to dig deep in your vocabulary for that one, didn’t you?”
“Not as deep as you might think. For some reason, I’ve had a lot of words swirling in my head today, like rogue, cad, asshat…you get the picture.”
“You wound me.”  He slapped his palm against his muscular chest as if I had shot him with my words.
“Yeah, well, if I’m lucky, you’ll crawl in a corner and die.”
He laughed, a genuinely carefree laugh that almost made me want to smile. Almost.
“If I did that, you’d have nothing to look forward to.”  He pushed himself off the counter and walked away.
My mind worked furiously to form a comeback, one that would really kick him in the seat of his pants, but it came up empty. What scared me the most was that he was right. Well, not that I would have nothing to look forward to, but that I did look forward to seeing him. I hadn’t really dated much. Chance and I had been together for a very long time, so I had grown comfortable around him. Stone was nothing like Chance. Chance was the all-American guy, a phenomenal athlete, the sweet, polite date that every girl’s parents would love. Stone was much darker and more mysterious, aloof, and maybe a little unpredictable. He seemed to be in an unusually good mood at the moment. I had a feeling that he would be much more difficult to get to know. And if I did get to know him, would I like him or would he prove to be an arrogant jerk?
I probably wouldn’t get the answer to my question anytime soon. Stone avoided me for the rest of my shift. I felt awkward around him, but I tried to focus on the fact that I needed to save money for a car.
I called Granny after work, and she assured me that she didn’t need the car and encouraged me to meet up with Crimson and Scarlet. We met at Awesome Sauce, a local restaurant that was a favorite of the younger crowd. 
We piled into a booth and ordered drinks and a large order of nachos. Crimson and Scarlet, whose mother named them after shades of her favorite color, sat across from me. They had an exotic look with their olive skin, long hair in a rich, chestnut color, and dark brown eyes. They were true identical twins, and the only way most people could tell them apart was by the tiny scar above Scarlet’s right eyebrow. The rest was word association. Scarlet had the scar. It was kind of lame, but it worked. Well, except for the occasional bonehead that couldn’t seem to grasp the concept.
Crimson and Scarlet were a year older than me. They had graduated from the cosmetology program at our school this past year, and they planned to open their own shop on Quail Mountain. I had known them my whole life, and I was with them the day that Scarlet had furiously pedaled her pink princess bicycle into an overgrown holly bush and had to go to the emergency room to get three stitches for the small gash above her eye. She had been six years old and had screamed so wretchedly loud that I thought she was going to die.
“Look, Dara. What do you think about my eye makeup?” Scarlet asked, closing her lids and leaning over the table, so that I could get a closer look. 
Scarlet was the creative one. She was always coming up with unusual ways to use makeup. She had a dark, smoky gray eye shadow in the outer corner. Her brow was highlighted with shimmering white and the inner lid was a dark purple. Knowing her, there was no telling how many colors she had blended to get that exact look or how long she had worked on it, but it made her eyes look gorgeous. “It looks awesome. Are you going to do a video on how to get that look?”
“You know she is,” Crimson piped in. “She can’t pass up the chance to put her ugly mug in a video.”
“That really hurts coming from you,” Scarlet snapped. “It’s a little difficult to insult my looks without insulting your own. You do realize that, don’t you?”
Crimson smirked. “Shut up, Scarface. I’m the pretty one.”
Scarlet rolled her eyes. “Yes, and I’m the smart one.”
“I can get further on my looks than you can on your brains.”
“Beauty fades, but dumb is forever,” Scarlet countered.
Crimson cocked her head to the side, smiled, and fluttered her eyelashes. “I’d rather be pretty.”
“And you continue to prove my point.”  Scarlet sighed.
“I have an idea I want to run by y’all,” I said, interrupting their playful bickering.
We all fell silent as the server arrived at our table with our drinks. When she left, they both looked at me, waiting for me to continue.
“Do y’all remember Stone Hamilton from school?” I asked.
“He’s that good-looking guy that rode the motorcycle to school, isn’t he?” Crimson asked.
“That’s him,” I answered.
“And he dated that girl who always had her tongue halfway down his throat in the hallway. A little too much PDA, if you ask me. What was her name?  Jennie or Jamie?”
“Jessie,” I supplied.
“What about him?” Crimson asked.
“He works at the bookstore, too, and he was talking about doing some special promotions. I told him that y’all might agree to do something like braids or painting fingernails for a cheap price. I figured it would help the bookstore get some business, and it could help y’all drum up some business. You know, get your name out there.”
Scarlet clapped her hands together and looked at her sister with enthusiasm. “I’d love to do that, wouldn’t you?”
“Sure,” Crimson answered. “I’ve got nothing else to do. Why not?”
“When is the promotion?” Scarlet asked.
“I’m not sure. We talked about having one for the Fourth of July. I’ll talk to him about it again and let you know. I don’t know if the owner has approved it or not.”
“We’ll start thinking about all the things we need to do before then. I’m almost finished with our website,” Scarlet said. 
The server returned with our nachos, and we each immediately grabbed for a chip. I didn’t realize just how hungry I was.
“Don’t look now,” Crimson warned, “but here comes Chance.”

Stone

I was about to leave the store and head to Awesome Sauce to meet up with Jessie and Mike when I got a text. It was from Mike. She’s here.
I texted back. Ok  B there in a min.
Mike texted again. Not Jess. Dara.
Well, hell. I had worked hard all day to stay away from her, except for my one little slip-up when she asked me about the coupon. It wasn’t easy to ignore a beautiful girl whose damned pink lips kept beckoning to me, but I had managed. And now I was going to have to see her again. I could ask Mike and Jessie to meet me somewhere else, but that would be insane. I shoved my phone in my pocket, locked up the bookstore, and sped off on my motorcycle. I wanted to get there before she left.
When I arrived, I sat across the booth from Mike. Jess wasn’t there yet. I scanned the room until I found Dara. She was sitting across from the Cruze twins, and Chance was standing at the end of the table. I wasn’t sure what the circumstances were of their breakup, but I wondered if he was going to try to get back together with her. If he was, then the odds would be in his favor. It wasn’t at all uncommon for couples our age to break up and get back together multiple times.
She was looking at him, laughing. I sat silently assessing my options. If he was trying to get back together with her, then I would only have a small window of opportunity. Not that I wouldn’t go for her anyway, but it would be easier before she became his official girlfriend.
My mind told me to turn away. Dara wasn’t the kind of girl that I needed. Chance laid his hand on her shoulder, and I forced my eyes to Mike’s face.
“Have you asked her out yet?” he asked.
“Is she with me?” I shot back, toggling between being angry that I hadn’t asked her and being glad that I didn’t.
Mike grinned. “She could’ve turned you down.”
“Yeah, and you could’ve been voted Homecoming Queen.”
“If it matters that much to you, then why don’t you go ask her now?” he asked, turning in the booth to glance her way.
“No.”
“Why not?”
“Because you were right. She’s not my type.”  
The front door opened, and Jess walked in. She wore a shiny, silver tank top with a black miniskirt and silver, beaded high heels. Her jet black hair hung in long, wavy curls. She was voluptuous, and many heads turned as she made her way down the aisle to our booth.
She sat beside me and planted a kiss on my cheek. “Hey, baby,” she cooed as she took the napkin and wiped her lipstick from my face.
“Hey, Jess.”  I put my arm around her shoulders and hugged her to me. Jess and I had been dating for the last few months, but never exclusively. We both liked our freedom, and that was what made our relationship so perfect. Neither of us was clingy. We liked keeping our options open.
“You want something to eat?” I asked her. She wasn’t extraordinarily beautiful, but she knew how to dress to get a guy’s blood pumping.
“No, I’m not hungry,” she replied. She looked across the table at Mike. “Hey, Mikey.”
“Hey,” he said, nodding his head to her in greeting.
“So what do you guys want to do tonight?” she asked. “Are you on your bike, Mikey?”
“I am. It’s much too nice of a night to be in a car.”
“So why don’t you pick up a girl and we’ll all go riding?  You do have your extra helmet with you, don’t you?” she asked.
“You know I always have an extra helmet with me.”  Mike looked around the room. “So should I just pick one, chuck her over my shoulder, and tie her on the back of my bike?”
“Mikey,” Jess purred. “You’re so shy. It’s really cute.”
“What’s cute about it?” I asked. “He’s going to die a virgin because he doesn’t have the balls to look a girl in the eyes.”
“Heck, Stone. It’s not like I’ve never been on a date.”
I laughed. I could tell I had gotten under his skin.
“I’ll be right back,” Jess said softly. 
I had no idea where she was going or what she was doing. I was as shocked as Mike when she walked up to the table where Dara sat. Chance was gone, and it was now Jess standing at the end of the table, talking to the three girls at the booth.
I couldn’t hear what she was saying, but she was smiling and motioning with her hands. Then, she pointed at our booth.
I was even more shocked when one of the Cruze twins got up and followed Jess back to our booth. “Mikey, you remember Crimson Cruze from school, don’t you?”
Crimson smiled. “Hey, Mike.”  She waved.
“Hi, Crimson.”
Jessie motioned to me. “And this is Stone Hamilton.”
“Crimson.”  I nodded my head in greeting, and she waved.
Jess continued, “Crimson’s going to ride with us. So let’s go, guys.”
Mike picked up his check and paid it on the way out. I glanced at Dara as I made my way to the door. Since her back was to me, I couldn’t see her face, but Crimson’s twin sister was watching us as we all left the building.
The sun was sinking below the horizon, casting pink and orange hues on the clouds that dotted the sky. Jess climbed on back of my bike and wrapped her slender arms around my waist. She had ridden with me numerous times, and she loved motorcycles almost as much as I did. I rode my bike through the parking lot and waited at the edge of the road for Mike and Crimson to pull up behind me. When I spotted Mike’s bike in my mirror, I hit the road, eager to put some distance between Dara and me. That girl was beginning to consume my thoughts.

***

The next morning, I didn’t arrive at the bookstore until almost eleven. I had stayed out late with Jess, Mike, and Crimson the night before, hoping that if I busied myself with their company, I would forget about Dara. I even tried smoking a little weed after I got home, but unfortunately, it didn’t work. I had wondered if Chance was trying to get back together with her. Thankfully, Crimson was quite talkative, and she volunteered the information without anyone having to ask. Chance hadn’t said anything about getting together with Dara when he was standing at their booth last night, but who knows what he might have said to her later after we had left?  Hell, why did I even waste my time thinking about them?
I needed a cigarette.
I walked through the store, grabbing a loose cigarette from my front pocket. When I pushed the back door open, I was shocked by what I saw. Smoking was no longer on my mind, and I shoved the cigarette back into my front pocket.



Chapter 3

Stone

I wasn’t sure which of us was the most surprised, but Dara’s sweet, pink lips formed a perfect “O” as she gaped at me like a frightened rabbit.
“Oh, I…I…I’m so sorry,” she sputtered.
I had visions of Dara on my motorcycle, but I had never expected to catch her sitting on it, her delicate hands wrapped around the grips on the handlebar, her tiny, sandaled feet resting on the pegs. She stared at me with wide, green eyes, her blond hair gently blowing in the balmy breeze. Damn, she was beautiful. The only thing wrong with this picture was that I wasn’t sitting on it in front of her, her hands clutching me. Not yet, anyway.
She finally spoke again. “Please don’t be mad. It’ll never happen again. I’ve just never seen a motorcycle up close before.”
Several emotions coursed through my body. Anger wasn’t one of them. She was still staring at me as if she were afraid to move until she had gotten a response from me. I should put the poor girl out of her misery.
“You want to go for a ride?” I asked her, amused at her present predicament.
“With you?”  
It was so sexy the way she looked totally bewildered. “Well, unless you have a motorcycle’s license, then yeah, I guess it’d have to be with me.”  How else would I get her to wrap those arms around me?
She swallowed hard and looked down at the bike, then back to my face again. I could see the indecision reflected in her features.
“It’s dangerous,” she whispered, so softly that I would almost think she was talking to herself.
“I have an extra helmet, and I won’t speed or pop wheelies,” I promised, trying to alleviate her fears.
“I wasn’t talking about the motorcycle,” she said softly. “I was talking about being with you.”
Unable to argue that point with her, I stood quietly, my expression never changing. Slowly, I approached her and ran my fingertips along the curve of her cheek, tracing her jawline to her chin, and then I rubbed my thumb across her plump, bottom lip. She looked so enticing perched on my motorcycle.
I leaned down toward her and watched as her lips parted, awaiting my kiss. Instead, I whispered in her ear, “Without a little danger to get your heart pounding every now and then, life would be incredibly dull.”
I stood up but didn’t move my hand from her face. “Don’t move. I’m going to get you a helmet and take you for a ride that you’ll never forget.”
Reluctantly, I dropped my hand away from her face and watched her watch me. Then, I turned and went into the building to get the helmets.

Dara

I was so nervous I was shaking. Was it because of Stone or because I was about to ride a motorcycle?  Probably a mixture of both.
I didn’t think it was possible for my heart to beat any faster, but when he came back out with the helmets, the thought of being pressed against a guy that I barely knew nearly sent my entire system into overdrive. I was usually comfortable around guys, but Stone was definitely different from most of the guys I knew. When I was near him, I found myself with bumbling speech, sweaty palms, and a case of arrhythmia that would compare to that of even the most dire heart patients. 
Something about him threw my entire world off-kilter. And I wasn’t sure if I was going to survive.
He handed a helmet to me, and I smoothed my hair away from my face and put it on. When he finished putting on his helmet, he reached over and fastened my chin strap, his warm fingers brushing across my skin and sending tiny jolts of electricity down my body.
An extra pair of sunglasses hung along the rounded collar of his snug-fitting tee shirt. He removed them and handed them to me. 
“Hop off and let me get on,” he said, holding his hand out to me. “Then you can get back on.”
I took his hand and slid off the motorcycle. When he was in position, he spoke again, “Okay. Your turn.”
I climbed on the seat behind him, awkwardly trying to figure out what to do with my hands when he reached backwards, grabbed my hands in his own, and wrapped my arms around his taut stomach. I could feel the hard muscles below his silky shirt, probably one of those active wear fabrics that breathed easily. Speaking of breathing, I had to remind myself to do just that.
Good grief. I was doing it again. I was so wrapped up in the moment that I hadn’t even thought about my job. “What about Tom?” I asked, not wanting to be fired for disappearing.
Stone turned his head sideways, so that I could hear him through his open face shield. “He said it’s slow today, and he can handle it by himself. We can take the rest of the day off if we want. Do you want to?”
Taking the rest of the day off wouldn’t help me save up money for a car, but yes, I had to admit that I wanted to. “I guess so.”  I didn’t want him to think that I was too eager to take the day off with him.
He started the motorcycle and revved the engine. I closed my eyes as the thrill of the moment washed over me.
“Hold on,” he warned as he revved the engine again.
I tightened my grip around him, pressing my body against his back. When I inhaled, I caught a faint whiff of his cologne. I breathed in deeply through my nose, concentrating on the scent. I liked the way he smelled, and I liked the way he felt. Was this the way Crimson had felt when she rode off with Mike Waters last night?
He revved the engine again, and we were moving forward. He didn’t pull out of the parking lot as fast as he usually did, and I thought perhaps he was giving me time to adjust to being on the back of a bike. 
Once we hit the road, everything changed. We zipped along at a pretty fast pace, and as I watched the asphalt rush by in a blur, I clung to him, scared to death that I would fly right off the back of the motorcycle.
The wind whipped my hair as I turned my head. I couldn’t ever remember feeling so…free. And terrified. It was the kind of scary that people paid to experience, like on a rollercoaster or at a haunted house or at a horror flick. 
We rode to the top of the mountain, and Stone pulled into Quail Mountain Park, a public park built at the summit, taking full advantage of the views of the valley below and the foliage of the trees that lined the side of the mountain.
We removed our helmets, and he hung one on each mirror. Then, we walked to the overlook and gazed at the valley below. It was cooler at the top of the mountain, and despite the fact that it was June, the heat wasn’t unbearable as we stood in the shade of two, old oak trees.
I gazed over the railing at the valley below. Rows of houses were lined along a grid of streets. Patches of trees dotted the landscape, and I saw cattle grazing in a field. Everything seemed so tiny that it reminded me of a model, kind of like the little villages people displayed at Christmas.
“Do you come here often?” I asked Stone.
He was fixated on the valley below. “I come here when I want to escape.”
“Escape what?”
“You know. The usual shit.”
He didn’t look at me, and I got the feeling that his answer was more than just a general comment, that perhaps he really did come here to escape something. I studied his profile and found him enigmatic. He never volunteered information, and if I was ever going to know anything about him, it appeared that I was going to have to ask. I was relieved that he was standing a few feet away from me. When he was near, my brain turned to mush, but as long as he kept his distance, I would have no problem engaging him in conversation.
“Do you have girl problems?”
He did turn to look at me then and laughed. “No, not hardly.”
He didn’t elaborate. I decided to offer him some information about me to open things up.
“My mother abandoned me when I was three.”  
That got his attention. He removed his sunglasses and hung them on his shirt collar. He was definitely looking at me now. I didn’t know why I had started with that tidbit. It wasn’t something that I spoke of often, and there were so many other things that I could’ve said. I removed my sunglasses, too, and hung them from the waist of my jeans. I looked out over the valley, thinking that maybe I should’ve started out the conversation by telling him that I was terrified of water because I couldn’t swim.
“Seriously?” he asked.
“’Fraid so.”
“At school, you always seemed like your life was perfect, like you had everything going for you. I guess I never imagined you’d been through something like that.”
“You thought my life was perfect?  You never even spoke to me, Stone.”
“I know. It was just my perception. You always seemed so happy. You made good grades, had lots of friends, dated your jock.”
“My jock?  He does have a name, you know.”
“He does, but it’s not worth remembering.”
I frowned. “His name is Chance. If you’re going to talk about him, then use his name.”
“I have no plans of discussing your jock with you.”
“He’s not my jock.”  I blew out an exasperated breath and caught him grinning at me. “Are you always this difficult to get along with?” I asked, giving him a playful glare.
“My dad thinks so,” he said, then steered the conversation back to me. “Have you seen your mother since she left you?”
“Not once. I must’ve been a real heathern when I was two. On my third birthday, she took me to my paternal grandmother, who didn’t even know I existed, and just left me, never to be heard from again.”
“I’m sorry, Dara. I had no idea.”
“Hey, you called me by my name. I must be worth remembering.”
He smirked. “I never forget a beautiful girl’s name. Ugly jocks?  Yeah. Girls?  No.”   
His comment was bittersweet. I was flattered that he insinuated that I was beautiful, but on the other hand, that wasn’t the reason that I wanted him to remember my name.
“What about your father?”
His question caught me off guard. “My father?”
“Yes. You said that your mother left you with your paternal grandmother. What about your father?  Do you ever see him?”
“My father’s dead.”
“I’m sorry.”
I tried to smile. “It’s okay. I have Granny.”
“Granny,” he repeated. “Now it makes sense.”
“What does?”
“That freakin’ ugly car you drive. It’s your granny’s. She probably bought it brand new.”
I laughed, amused by his fairly accurate assessment. “Yes, it’s my granny’s. Technically, my grandpa bought it brand new way before I was born, but he passed away when I was seven. So, my granny has driven it ever since.
“I want to buy my own car, so that I can drive to school next year. That’s why I got a summer job. I’m hoping that I can make enough money to buy something by the end of summer.”
“Now there’s a worthy goal,” he said. 
“Yeah, but taking off work like I did today won’t help me accomplish that goal.”
“No, but it’ll help me accomplish mine,” Stone said, taking a step toward me.
“What’s your goal?” I asked, watching as he approached me, his clear, blue eyes locked with mine.
“To kiss you,” he whispered against my lips, his hands on my hips, pulling me toward him.
I was powerless to resist him. He had moved in close enough to make me lose any coherent thoughts. I found myself leaning toward him, face upturned. If he was going to pull away without kissing me this time, then I was going to kiss him.
He didn’t disappoint. His lips were warm as they gently kissed my own. I found myself clinging to him even more desperately than I had on the back of the motorcycle. In response, his hands moved around my back, pressing me against his chest. He nipped my lower lip, and his tongue slipped into my mouth. My heart thudded against my ribcage as I was lost in his embrace. When he finally pulled away, he watched me with intense eyes just a hand’s breadth from my face.
“Damn,” he rasped.
I blinked, my mind still fuzzy from his nearness.
“If you keep looking at me like that, then I’m going to have to do it again,” he said hoarsely.
“Like what?” I asked, finally finding my voice.
He didn’t answer. He leaned down and kissed me again, his hands moving low on my hips as he pulled me firmly against him. His lips left a searing trail of kisses along my jawline to my ear, where he nipped playfully at my lobe. 
“You are so freakin’ sexy,” he whispered.
I knew that he probably said the exact same thing to every girl he kissed, and there had probably been a lot of them. But it felt so good for someone to tell me that I was sexy. I couldn’t ever remember Chance telling me that. I had to be careful. I didn’t want Stone to think that he could just feed me his usual lines and that I would eat them up.
“I know,” I replied, taking a step back, out of his mesmerizing aura. It was all I could do not to giggle when I saw the look on his face. I bet of all the times that he had told girls that same line, not one of them had ever told him that. Good. Apparently, he needed a challenge, and I was just the person to give it to him…as long as I didn’t get swept away in his spell. Maybe I really did need a garlic necklace.
He recovered quickly. “Modesty,” he said, nodding his head in approval. “I like that in a girl.”
I turned back toward the view of the valley and leaned on the railing with outstretched arms. The breeze lifted loose strands of hair, and they tickled my skin. “What about you, Stone?  Last year was the first year that you went to Quail Mountain schools. Did y’all just move here?”  I purposely kept my eyes on the view, hoping that he would open up if I wasn’t staring at him, waiting for his response.
He stood beside me, his gaze locked on the town below. “No. I’ve lived here my whole life. I went to a private school when I was younger. Then, I was shipped off to boarding school.”
That wasn’t what I had expected. Private school was expensive, but boarding school?  His parents must be pretty well off. “You went to boarding school?”
“Yes, and I hated it. My older brother was a year ahead of me. My father always thought that…well, it doesn’t matter.”
Darn it. He had actually started talking and now he had shut down again. Why had he dropped out of boarding school?  The economy had been tough in recent years. Maybe his father had lost his job, forcing his parents to withdraw him from a pricey boarding school and put him in a public school.
I wanted to ask him, but thought better of it. Money could be a sensitive subject for some people. I decided to change the subject entirely.
“How long have you been riding motorcycles?”
Stone ran his fingers through his hair, the motion accentuating his bicep as his muscle flexed with the movement.
“I learned to ride a bicycle when I was three. I had a motorcycle by the time I was five.”
“That young?”
“Yeah. My mother still tells stories about how terrified she was when my father brought the first motorcycle home.”
“I bet. It’s hard to imagine a five-year-old riding a motorcycle.”
“It was a little, blue fifty, and I loved it. My brothers and I used to build ramps all over the yard, despite my mother’s protests.” 
“When I was five, I was still making mud pies. There was little chance that Granny and Papa would let me anywhere near a motorized vehicle. At least not if I was going to be the one driving.”
“Mud pies, huh?”
“Yep. Mud pies. They’re a lot of fun. Guaranteed to make the worst of days a little bit better.”
“I’ll have to keep that in mind.”
We stood in silence, gazing down at the valley. A hawk circled over the town below, its long wings gliding on the breeze that rustled through the leaves above us. I pictured Stone as a small boy riding a tiny dirt bike. I grinned, knowing somehow that he was just as cocky on a motorcycle then as he was now.
He pushed off the railing and walked toward a tall willow tree in the middle of a grassy field. He glanced over his shoulder. “Aren’t you coming?”
“What?  I’m supposed to just follow you around like a hummingbird chasing a sweet drink of nectar?”
He stopped and turned to look at me, his thumbs tucked in the front pocket of his jeans. “I’ve been compared to a lot of things, but never have I been compared to a sweet drink of nectar. I kinda like it, though.”  He winked. “And to answer your question about whether you should follow me around—well, that’s what most girls do.”  He turned back toward the tree, and I could hear him chuckling. He didn’t even look back to see if I was coming. Did he seriously think I was going to follow him because he expected me to?
I stared at him as he walked farther and farther away.
When he reached the tree, he turned to look at me and found me standing in the same position that I was when he first started walking.
“Of course, I do love a good game of hard-to-get,” he called.
I just stared at him, refusing to take one step toward him.
To my surprise, he started sprinting toward me. As he neared me, I heard myself squeal, and I turned and ran. I could hear his footsteps closing in on me, and I tried to push myself to run faster. I hadn’t gotten far when he scooped me off my feet, and I found myself lying horizontally in his arms, my feet kicking and dangling in the air. I giggled breathlessly in the excitement.
“That was much too easy,” he boasted, carrying me back toward the tree in the field.
I squirmed to get loose, but his arms tightened their hold on me. He carried me under the willow tree, its branches brushing across us like a curtain of leaves. Once we neared the trunk, he released my feet and wrapped both arms around my torso. My body slid down his until my feet finally reached the ground. I could feel my heart hammering as it always did at his nearness. 
“Now, didn’t you say something about being thirsty?” he asked, his voice low and rough.
“I don’t recall being thirsty.”
“You didn’t say something about wanting a sweet drink of nectar?” he asked, his breath tickling my ear.
I started to protest, but I found his lips on mine. Whatever words had been forming in my head, slipped away as his tongue teased my lips until I parted them. His hands skimmed up my sides until he held my face between his palms, his fingers splayed, warm against my skin.
He kissed me with gentle urgency, and all conscious thought melted away as I succumbed to that dangerous aura that surrounded him, the one that left me unable to think coherently. 
Disappointed that he had ended the kiss, I leaned into him as he pulled away. He remained close, his thumbs caressing my cheeks. “My little hummingbird,” he whispered against my lips. 
“Your nectar isn’t quite as sweet as you seem to think it is,” I muttered.
He smirked. “Then why do you have a death grip around my waist?”
I jumped away from him as if we had been separated by a bolt of lightning. I could feel my face burning a brilliant shade of red, and I turned away from him in embarrassment. 
“I’m sorry,” I whispered, facing the tree.
He walked up behind me and slid his arms around my waist, clasping his hands in front of me. “I liked it,” he whispered in my ear. 
I could feel my face burning even brighter, though I wouldn’t have thought it possible. I couldn’t stop the smile tugging at my lips. At least my back was to him, which saved me from further embarrassment. I leaned against him, savoring the feel of his arms around me. He nuzzled my neck with tender kisses, sending tingling jolts of electricity through my body. His fingers skimmed along the edge of my low-rise jeans, before gripping my waist on each side and turning me to face him.
“You feel so good,” he whispered, running his hand under the back of my shirt and pressing his palm against the small of my back, pulling me to him for another kiss. 
I couldn’t think with his lips on mine and his warm fingers rhythmically stroking my bare skin along the edge of my jeans. Dangerous. He was dangerous. This was dangerous. It took all my strength and willpower to place my palms on his chest and gently push him away, breaking the spellbinding lip-lock.
He cast a lopsided grin. “You’re afraid of losing control with me.”  
I was shocked, though I wasn’t sure if it was because he just said that out loud or because it was true. I opened my mouth to deny it, but quickly shut it again. I wasn’t a very good liar. I dropped my eyes to his neck, too nervous to look him in the eye.
He kissed the tip of my nose and gave a playful tug to a strand of my hair. “Don’t worry. I have no plans to ravish you on our first date.”
Surprised that he considered this our first date, my eyes flew to his.
He tugged at my hand and motioned toward the trunk of the willow tree. “Come on. Let’s sit and talk a while.”
We both sat at the base of the tree, but he didn’t let go of my hand. He positioned it on his thigh, cupping his hand around mine, his thumb caressing the tip of my pinkie.
“So how do you like working at the bookstore?” he asked.
“So far, so good. Tom seems very nice.”
“Yeah, Tom’s a good guy, even if he is a little nerdy.”
“You seem to be a good guy, too, even if you are a little conceited,” I jabbed.
“Conceited is just another word for self-confident. And sometimes, the only confidence one can depend on is his own.”
I watched his face, wondering what he meant by that, but he didn’t elaborate.
“And rule number one…don’t ever assume that I’m a good guy. I’m not. And I could give you a whole list of people who would trip all over themselves to verify that.”
“And who would be on that list?”  If he was trying to scare me away, it was working. Who wanted to go out with someone who was a self-proclaimed bad guy?  But I really wasn’t getting that vibe from him despite his words. 
“My father for one.”
“Your dad?” I asked, surprised.
He stared at our hands. “Let’s just say I’m not his pick.”
“You think he prefers your brothers over you?”
“I know he does.”
“I’m sure your dad loves you just as much as them.”
He stopped caressing my hand with his thumb. “You sound like my mother.”
“If your mother says it, then it must be true. Mothers don’t just say things for the heck of it.”
“Yes, Dara, they do. Besides, how would you know?”
Shock assaulted my system. How could he say such a thing?  I could feel hot tears stinging the corners of my eyes and a lump of raw ache rising in my throat. I pulled my hand away from him and tucked it between my knees, my legs stretched out in front of me.
“Shit,” he mumbled. “I’m sorry, Dara. I wasn’t thinking. I guess I can add you to my list now, but don’t say I didn’t warn you.”
“Not a day goes by that I don’t wonder where my mother is and why she gave me up,” I whispered.
“Look,” he said. “You don’t have to talk about it. I should’ve never said what I said.”
“No, Stone, it’s okay. I want to talk about it. I miss her, you know?”
He exhaled loudly. “Yeah, I do. I do know.”
“I wonder what she looks like, whether I look anything like her, what she’s doing. There are so many questions whirling in my head that sometimes I think it’ll explode.”
“Have you ever thought about trying to find her?”
“Yeah, I have, but I figure I got my granny. If my mother wanted me in her life, then she would’ve come back for me. I used to dream about her coming back for me, but after almost fifteen years, I know it’ll never happen. I’ve accepted it, and I’ve moved on. And you know what?  Life is good.”
“I wish I could be as upbeat as you.”
“It’s taken me a long time to get to this point. I don’t think I would’ve ever made it without Granny. She’s a pretty incredible woman. Sometimes I don’t know how she does it.”
“She sounds awesome.”
“Yeah, you’ll have to meet her sometime.”
“Maybe one of these days, I’ll play my cards right, and you’ll give me a ride in her awesome vehicle to meet her.”
“Maybe so,” I agreed, smiling.
I leaned against the tree trunk, watching the willow branches dance in the balmy breeze. Stone seemed to be content watching them, too, and we fell into a comfortable silence.
I yawned.
“Am I that boring?” he asked.
I laughed. “No, you’re not boring at all. I just didn’t sleep well last night, and my eyelids are getting a little heavy.”
“Come here,” he said, gesturing with his hands.
“What?”
“Why don’t you lay your head in my lap and rest your eyes?”
“I’m fine,” I said, horrified at the thought of putting my head in his lap. Heck, I barely knew him.
“Come on,” he insisted. “I promise not to bite, even if you aren’t wearing your garlic necklace today.”
I gulped and scooted closer to him, while he put his hands on my shoulders, guiding me to his lap. His legs were stretched out in front of him, his ankles crossed. I fanned my hair out across his legs and carefully laid my head down on the thigh nearest me, praying that I didn’t cut off his circulation. 
“Close your eyes,” he instructed.
I obeyed, and his warm fingertips smoothed my hair away from my forehead and began tracing tiny circles on my temples. Once I got over my nervousness, it actually felt quite pleasant. I could feel the tension ease out of my neck and shoulders as I concentrated on his magic fingers.

Stone

I knew the moment that she fell asleep, her pink lips parting slightly as she drifted into a peaceful slumber. I glided my fingers through her silky hair and studied her face, her dark lashes fanned across her cheeks. She was one of the prettiest girls at Quail Mountain High, but to me, her attraction wasn’t so much her looks. I wasn’t a stranger to beautiful girls. It was her goodness, a quality that seemed harder and harder to find—not that I had necessarily been looking for it. On the contrary, I usually avoided girls like her. I would only disappoint her. It was much better for me to stick to girls like Jess, girls with no expectations, no specific lists of qualifications, no strings.
I sighed. Dara was already probing through my walls of privacy. I liked it and hated it at the same time. She had opened up to me regarding her innermost thoughts and insecurities, and I had been tempted to do the same. Hell, I had already told her more than I had told anyone in the last three years.
What was I doing?  I was breaking all of my own rules, and I didn’t give a damn. I gazed at Dara. As tempting as she was, I really needed to rethink my strategy where she was concerned. There was no harm in hanging out with her once in a while, but I could not do a relationship. I knew that before I ever asked her to hop on the back of my bike with me. I couldn’t stomach the look on her face when the day came that she discovered the real me.
Her eyes fluttered open. I smiled at her. “Hey.”
“Hey.”  She smiled back. Pulling herself into a seated position, she laughed. “Wow!  I can’t believe I actually dozed off. You must be amazed at my dating skills. It’s your fault, you know?”
“It is?” I asked as we both rose to our feet, standing beneath the canopy of the willow tree.
“Yes. Your magic fingers put a spell on me, like the evil stepmother in Sleeping Beauty.”
“I’m evil, but I’m definitely not your stepmother.”  I grabbed her back pockets, pulled her backwards against my chest, and nibbled at her earlobe just to prove my point.
My phone vibrated in my pocket, and I groaned as I released her and answered it.
“Hey, Mom.”
“Everything’s fine. Are y’all enjoying your trip to Italy?”
“What?  But Mom…I was going to…I know, but….”
“Yeah, I’ll see you when you get back. Tell Dad I said ‘Hey’.”
“I love you, too, Mom.”
Dara watched me as I hung up the phone. “Your parents are in Italy?” she asked.
“Yeah. They were supposed to be back by the Fourth of July, but it looks like they’ve decided to stay two more weeks. So much for my Fourth of July plans….”
“You can hang out with me and Granny, if you want.”
I knew she didn’t understand my frustration, the reason why I was hoping they would be here, and I felt no need to clarify it at this point.
“And what do you and Granny do?  Knit socks?  Bake apple pies?  Make quilts?”
She frowned at me. “My granny happens to be very cool. She couldn’t knit a sock or make a quilt if it were the key to a man’s heart—not that knitting and quilting aren’t cool.”
“Yeah, knitting and quilting are definite requirements if you want to sit at the lunch table with the cool kids.”
She punched me lightly in the arm. “Don’t be mean.”
“Yes, Mother.”
She punched me in the arm again. Then, she quickly added, “Not that being compared to your mother is a bad thing, it’s just….”
“Dara, you’re way too nice for your own good. You’re going to pop a gasket worrying about everyone else’s feelings all the time.”
“Well, I didn’t want you to think that I was insulting your mother.”
I smirked and slightly shook my head. “The thought never even crossed my mind.”
“It didn’t?”
“No,” I responded while staring at her lips. “I was thinking about other things.”
“Like?”
I grabbed her hands and tugged her until she was pressed against my body. “Like this.”  I bent down and kissed her. She tasted so good, like strawberries, and I wondered if that pink sparkly gloss she always wore was flavored. My hand moved up just under the back of her shirt, and I massaged the small of her back. Her skin was soft and smooth, and I couldn’t keep myself from wanting to touch her. My fingers skimmed just below the edge of her jeans, and I could feel her tiny gasp as we kissed. She responded to me in a way that excited me.
Her arms were wound around me in another death grip, and I couldn’t keep the corners of my mouth from turning up in a grin. She was sweet. If I kept up this pace, I would push things too far. It wouldn’t be a problem with most girls that I dated, but this was Dara. I should’ve stayed away from her to begin with. I knew she wasn’t my type. She wasn’t the kind of girl who sought out relationships just for the physical aspects. 
I moved my hands to her face, splaying my fingers across her cheeks. I had to end this now. I kissed her a moment longer and pulled away just enough to break the kiss. My hands remained in place, holding her face close to mine. She watched me with wide, green eyes.
“We’d best be getting back,” I said, my voice sounding deep and rough.
I didn’t know what I had been thinking when I asked Dara to ride out here with me, but I had a feeling my impromptu actions were going to come back and bite me in the ass.



Chapter 4

Dara

I rode to Awesome Sauce with Crimson and Scarlet. The juke box was booming as the bubble lights that arched around it glowed, and teenagers and twenty-somethings packed the restaurant in booths and at the long, red counter that lined part of the back wall. 
“Mike is sooo sweet,” Crimson cooed, as she recounted her motorcycle ride with him the other night. “I can’t believe I never really talked to him much at school. He’s pretty hot in a shy, quiet kind of way.”
“That’s exactly the kind of boyfriend you need,” Scarlet said. “He won’t be offended by your loquaciousness.”
“I don’t talk any more than you do,” Crimson snapped.
“I never said you did, but when I speak, it’s because I have something intelligent to say.”
“That must be why you’re not dating anyone,” Crimson said. “Who wants to date a brainiac?”
Scarlet laughed. “Other braniacs. You know, those smart people who run the world, own the businesses, and make a lot of money.”
“That shows how much you know,” Crimson smirked. “Those guys marry trophy wives. Intelligence is not a requirement.”
I laughed. “She does have a point. I can’t picture too many powerful men who are married to ugly wives.”
“Dara, stop drinking from her water fountain,” Scarlet urged, thumbing in Crimson’s direction. “Joke all you want, but we all know that beauty is not a woman’s most important quality. Besides, I never said I was talking about men. The point that I was making is that braniacs like to date other braniacs. Plenty of women are braniacs, and they are becoming increasingly more powerful. I have every intention of being one of them.”
“You’re right, of course,” I agreed.
“Now that you know you’re right, can we get back to my story?” Crimson asked Scarlet.
She didn’t wait for Scarlet to answer. “Riding on the back of his motorcycle was so exciting.”
“I know what you mean,” I said. “I rode on the back of Stone’s yesterday. He took me to the park at the top of Quail Mountain. He is such a good kisser.”
“He kissed you?” Scarlet asked, her mouth dropping open as she stared at me waiting for details.
I couldn’t help the grin that spread across my face. It had been all I could do to wait until today to tell Crimson and Scarlet about our time together. I knew I would be meeting them today, and I wanted to see their reactions when I told them.
“Mike didn’t even try to kiss me,” Crimson lamented. 
“Probably because you were too busy talking,” Scarlet poked.
Crimson ignored her jibe. “Well, aren’t you going to tell us about it?” she asked, focusing on me.
“Tell us about what?” Chance asked as he walked up to the red, vinyl booth and sat down beside me, forcing me to scoot over.

Stone

Dara had been off of work today, and I couldn’t decide whether I was relieved or slightly irritated. Everything about her felt so right, but the warning bells rang loudly enough in my head to crack my skull in two.
I hadn’t trusted myself to say much to her once we had gotten back to the parking lot, so that she could pick up her grandmother’s car. I dared not touch her again, afraid that I would only invite her to spend the rest of the evening with me. And she would have. I could tell that she responded to my touch. She was sweet, gentle, and passionate, but she was also trusting and naïve. Other than her relationship with Chance, I didn’t think she had much experience with guys. And while I hadn’t questioned her about Chance, I knew enough to know that I was nothing like him, which wasn’t necessarily a good thing for her.
It was almost closing time, and sales had been good today. I should have been relieved, but my thoughts were never far from Dara. And that was my problem, one that would have to be rectified.
I locked the store and was just about to put on my helmet when I saw it—a white piece of paper rolled up and tucked between the handlebar and the clutch. 
I snatched it up and unrolled it, bringing the typed letters into view. Stay away from Dara.
I had actually planned on staying away from her, but that was when it was on my terms. I’d be damned if Chance Murray was going to keep me away from her. Coward. If he wanted to deliver a message, he should’ve said it to my face.
I crammed the note into the front pocket of my jeans and pushed the helmet on my head. I stood still a moment, gulping in the humid, late-afternoon air, trying desperately to abate the anger that was rapidly seething through my veins. Things never went well when I lost my temper. I breathed deeply, willing myself to calm down. Right now, I needed to go home and take a hot shower, allowing some of my fury to roll off my back along with the water. I needed to keep my cool and think. The only way I was going to be successful was if I was alone. 
As my bike hummed along the road, I wondered why Chance would be so brazen as to order me to stay away from her. She wasn’t his property. They were no longer together, and that made her fair game for the taking. Why did it even matter?  Hadn’t I been telling myself that I needed to let it end, to let the one memorable afternoon we had together be the extent of our relationship?  I didn’t want to get serious with a girl like Dara. Chance would be doing me a favor if he got back together with her.
When I thought about it rationally, I agreed with him. So why had I just decided to go find her?   

Dara

I could feel Chance looking at me as I stared at my hands in my lap.
“Well, tell us,” Chance prodded. 
“Oh, it’s nothing,” I said, waving my hand in the air, as if that would make the whole conversation go away. I had no intention of rubbing my kiss with Stone in Chance’s face. 
“No, I want to hear what’s been going on with my best girl,” he continued.
The awkwardness was so thick I thought I was going to choke. And just when I thought it couldn’t get any worse, Stone walked up to our booth.
Crimson’s eyes looked like they were going to pop out of her head and skitter across the table. A nervous giggle escaped my lips, and Scarlet proved her intelligence by being the only female at the table who had enough wits about her to actually speak. “Hello, Stone.”
He gave her a charming smile and nodded in greeting. “Ladies, you all look lovely tonight. Especially you, Dara.”
My eyes flew to his, and he had me pinned to the booth seat with his smoldering gaze. I glanced at Chance. His lips were drawn into a tight, thin line, making it obvious that he was unhappy with the current circumstances.
I cleared my throat. “Thank you.”  It came out little more than a whisper.
Chance had been my only serious boyfriend, and I had no experience to draw on that might assist me in handling this situation tactfully.
Luckily, Scarlet came to my rescue once again. 
“Chance, would you do me a favor and order me a strawberry shake at the counter?  I haven’t seen our server in a while, and I’m going to turn into a beast if I don’t get my strawberry fix soon.”  She handed him a five-dollar bill.
He looked at her outstretched hand and reluctantly took it. His eyes found mine and lingered a moment before he shot a frown in Stone’s direction and excused himself.
Stone immediately sat in Chance’s seat and put his arm around me. “Hey, babe,” he greeted before giving me a chaste kiss on the lips. He pulled back just enough to gaze into my eyes and whisper, “You look amazing as always.”
I blushed and lowered my lashes, breaking his entrancing stare. 
“Where’s Mike?” Crimson asked.
“I don’t know. I haven’t talked to him today,” Stone answered. “I’m surprised he’s not here.”  Stone gazed around the restaurant.
“I had a lot of fun riding with him the other night,” Crimson continued. 
“He had a good time, too,” Stone replied. “I didn’t think he was ever going to shut up about it. You should give him a call.”
Crimson’s perfectly sculpted lips curved into a smile. “Maybe I will. Do you have his number?”
Stone pulled his cell phone out of his pocket and pulled up Mike’s number. He slowly gave the number to Crimson while she typed it in her contact list. Her thumbs worked wildly while she typed a message out to Mike.
A few seconds later, her phone dinged with a reply. She squealed. “He’s in the parking lot. Said he’d be inside in a minute.” 
I watched her as she kept her eyes glued to the entrance, which was a few booths behind me. When she started waving wildly, I knew he had entered the building.
She ordered Scarlet to squeeze into the wall, so that she could make room for Mike to sit on the edge of the booth seat.
Stone and Mike bumped fists across the table. 
“Hey, bro. You ride your bike tonight?” Stone asked.
“Yep.”  Mike turned his attention to Crimson. “I was hoping you’d go for another ride with me.”
I thought Crimson was going to melt into a puddle on the floor.
“I was hoping you’d ask me to,” she replied.
“Let’s go,” he said, standing up and offering her his hand.
“How about you, Dara?” Stone asked. “You want to go?”
“Yes, Dara,” Crimson urged in a high-pitched voice. “You’ve gotta come with.”
I looked at Scarlet. “Are you going to be okay by yourself?” I asked, worried that she would feel abandoned if we all up and left.
“Of course. Go have fun. Besides, Chance is coming back with my shake right now. I imagine that he could use some company, too.”
Stone stood and pulled me to my feet as Chance arrived at the table.
Stone glared at him. “Come on, Dara. Let’s go.” 
I gazed at Chance, and his eyes were on me. “See you later, Chance.”
He nodded his head, unsmiling, and sat down in the booth across from Scarlet, pushing her strawberry shake towards her.  
Stone’s hand was on the small of my back, pushing me gently toward the exit.
As we walked to his motorcycle, I gazed back at the restaurant. Bright light poured through the plate glass windows, spilling into the darkness. I could see Chance sitting across from Scarlet. She was laughing and motioning with her hands, no doubt entertaining him so that I would be all but forgotten. I knew that I had told him that our separation was for the best, but as I gazed at his profile, part of me wondered if I had made the right decision.
I clung to Stone, my arms wrapped tightly around his lean, muscular body, as he rocketed into the darkness. I had no idea where we were going. He had spoken to Mike, but my mind had been sifting through its own thoughts, and their words had escaped me. I really liked Stone. In all honesty, I would’ve hopped on and ridden with him anywhere. That’s what scared me. Although I wasn’t necessarily a meticulous planner, I did typically try to make sure my actions would lead me to my end goal. But with Stone, things were different. When he was near, he consumed me. Everything else was shoved on the back burner, and I had difficulty even remembering what those things were. He accelerated up the mountain, and I tightened my grip, in awe of his rock-hard abs beneath my fingertips. I basked in his masculinity. 
When he slowed down, I started paying more attention to my surroundings. He pulled into a long driveway, and I glanced behind me to see the headlight of Mike’s bike glowing brightly. As we made our way along the driveway, a large, brick home came into view. I couldn’t see the home clearly, but the lights that glowed in the carefully manicured landscaping surrounding the house showed enough that I could tell it was enormous.
As we rolled to a stop, I put my palms on his shoulder, pushed myself into a standing position on the pegs, and swung my right leg over the bike until my foot landed firmly on the driveway. 
I removed the helmet and handed it to him as I stared in amazement at the house. “Where are we?” I asked.
“My house,” Stone answered.
“It’s beautiful,” I said softly.
“Not as beautiful as you,” he whispered in my ear as he wrapped his arms around my waist and pulled me backwards into his embrace.
Mike and Crimson, who had parked directly behind us, joined us in the driveway.
Stone released me and grabbed my hand, pulling me behind him as he walked down the meandering sidewalk. He unlocked the front door and opened it, gesturing for us to enter. Once we all shuffled into the great room, he closed the door and flipped on the lights.
My jaw dropped as I gaped at the shiny, hardwood floors, the cathedral ceiling, and the magnificent, floor-to-ceiling, arched windows at the back of the house.
“Your house is amazing,” Crimson complimented from behind me.
“Thank you.”
Mike walked over to a black leather sectional and plopped down. “This is what the stock market can do for you.”
“My dad has been fortunate with his investments,” Stone explained further. “He’s also a shrewd businessman.”
“Let’s watch a movie,” Mike said, picking up the TV tuner and pointing it toward the large flat screen that hung above the fireplace.
Crimson walked over and sat beside him.
“Watch whatever you want,” Stone encouraged. “We’re going out on the patio.”
I followed him to the stone patio. He took a seat on a chaise lounge, while I walked to the wrought iron railing and marveled at the mountainside shrouded in moonlight, which gave it an eerie, blue glow.
“It must be nice to be able to look at such a gorgeous view every day,” I said, not taking my eyes off the trees below.
“Most days I don’t even look at it,” he said.
“Why not?” I turned to him, surprised that he could be immune to such beauty.
He shrugged his shoulders. “I don’t know. My parents have been in Europe for a while. My brother has been away at college, and now he’s spending the summer in Colorado with a friend of his. There’s never anyone here, so there’s no reason for me to hang around.”
“Why didn’t you go to Europe with your parents?”
“I needed to work.”
At one point, I might have thought that his parents had fallen on hard times, but given the fact that he just said they had done well in the stock market, money didn’t seem to be a problem.
“You needed the money?” I asked, a little confused.
“No,” he answered, seeming a little agitated. “It’s not about the money.”
“Then what’s it about?”  I walked over to the chaise lounge. He was leaned against the back of it, his legs straddling it with one booted foot firmly on the ground on each side of it. I sat down on the edge of it, just past his bent knee.
“It’s about getting a job done. Doing something right. It’s about proving….”
He stopped mid-sentence. I watched his face in the moonlight, waiting for him to continue. “Proving what?” I prodded. It was so difficult to get him to open up.
He motioned for me to scoot closer. I leaned against his chest, my legs stretched out in front of me. He wrapped his arms around my waist, his chin resting on the top of my head. I could feel my heartbeat accelerate, but I focused on him, on his answer. I wanted him to talk to me.
“Proving what?” I asked again.
He exhaled. “It’s about proving to my father that I can do something right.”
“Surely he already knows that.”  I rubbed my palms along his arms, until my hands came to rest on top of his.
“You know why I started going to Quail Mountain High?” he asked.
“Why?”
“Because I flunked out of boarding school. My father was furious. He demanded to know why I couldn’t be more like my brother, who graduated with honors.”
“Why did you flunk out?” I asked, wondering if he would answer.
“Because I didn’t care. It didn’t matter how good my grades were. In my father’s eyes, they would never be good enough. I would never be good enough.”
“That’s what parents do. They push their children to do their very best. Well, most of them do.”  I certainly couldn’t say that my parents had ever fallen into that category.
“Let’s change the subject,” Stone suggested.
“Okay,” I agreed. “I did have something I wanted to run by you.”
“What’s that?”
“Remember when we were talking about the Fourth of July promotion for the bookstore?”
“Yeah.”
“Remember when I told you that I had a couple of friends who might be willing to braid hair and paint fingernails?”
“Yeah.”
“I was talking about Crimson and Scarlet. They want to open their own salon, and they agreed that this would give them the chance to meet some potential clients. What do you think?”
“Let’s do it. Sounds like it would be a win-win.”
“Really?” I asked.
“Really. But we don’t have much time. We’ve only got two weeks to make a plan and advertise it. We’ll start first thing tomorrow.”
“I’m so excited!”
He chuckled against my hair. “That’s what I do best. Get the girls excited.”  His thumbs traced my ribs, as his palms slid to my sides and worked down to my hips.
I elbowed him in the stomach and was satisfied when a soft grunt escaped his lips. He moved his palm to my chest and whispered, “Your heart beats faster when you’re with me.” It wasn’t a question. He was stating a fact, and it was slightly unnerving that he knew it. “Faster than the wings of a hummingbird.”
I swallowed hard, unable to respond.

Stone

Her hair smelled good, and I breathed in deeply. I could tell that I had made her nervous, and she didn’t know what to say. I remained quiet, content holding her in my arms while I waited for her to speak. I shouldn’t have let Chance bait me with his note. I should’ve put some distance between us and spent the evening with Jess instead. But I was finding Dara increasingly more difficult to resist. 
I skimmed my fingertips along the back of her neck, and her tiny shudder was audible. I smiled in the dark. It seemed every nerve ending she possessed snapped to attention at my slightest touch. The gleam of her hair appeared almost silver in the moonlight, and I stroked the silken strands, appreciating the softness.
“Has a girl ever made your heart beat faster?” she whispered.
I stopped all movement, allowing her words to flow through my mind. Dara had a knack for asking difficult questions, and I frowned, wondering how much to say or whether I should answer the question at all. There was something about her that made me want to answer her, her goodness or maybe her innocence. There was something about me that sent warning bells ringing loudly in my head. I ignored them.
“Yes, once, a long time ago.”
“Who was she?” Dara asked, her voice as soft as a whisper in the stillness of the summer air.
I closed my eyes and let the memories tumble in my head. It seemed like a lifetime ago. To say it aloud would send the painful memories crashing back down. To say it aloud would make it seem terrifyingly real, and although I knew it was real, I had been able to deal with it by shutting it all out, locking it away in the deepest recesses of my soul.
She softly rubbed my left hand, which was sprawled across her thigh. She stroked my knuckles, outlining my fingers, as if her touch were coaxing the answer from my lips.
“Her name was Tiffany. Her family was renting a nearby cabin for the summer. I was sixteen, and I thought she was the most beautiful creature I had ever seen. So did my brother.”
“What’s your brother’s name?”
“Dylan is my older brother, but I had a twin brother, too.”  I blew air out between my clenched teeth. I hadn’t talked about my twin since the months following the accident.
“You had a twin brother?” she asked, waiting for me to clarify. She turned sideways, so that she could get a better look at my face, her legs dangling over my thigh.
“He died.”
She gasped. “How?”
I rubbed my palm over my face. “I don’t want to talk about it.”
She leaned over against my chest and hugged me. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to pry.”
I laid my chin on the top of her head and held her close. She was so easy to talk to, maybe too easy. But I couldn’t do it. Not now.
I needed to be on my bike. I didn’t want these memories swirling in my head like heavy fog creeping along a mountain road, just waiting to wreak havoc.
“You want to go for a ride?” I asked, knowing that I would only accept one answer.
Dara leaned up and looked at me, and I thought perhaps I had caught her off guard. “Yeah. Sure.”  She scrambled over my leg and rose to her feet.
I stood and led her back into the house. Mike and Crimson were curled up on the couch watching a movie. 
“Hey, guys. We’re going for a ride. Stay as long as you want, but lock the house up when you leave.”
Mike waved his hand in acknowledgement. “Sure thing. We’ll probably leave as soon as this movie’s over. See ya later, man.”
“Later.”  I rushed out the front door, feeling the overwhelming need to be under the night sky.
I tried to slow my stride, so that Dara wasn’t too far behind me as we walked along the sidewalk to the driveway. When I reached my bike, I swung my leg over it and grabbed the handgrips, relief washing over me and pushing some of the uneasiness of our former conversation out of my mind.
As she climbed on the back of the bike, I noticed the note tucked in the same spot as the previous note. One note was bad enough, but this guy was really starting to piss me off. I snatched up the note and crammed it into my front pocket. If Dara wasn’t with me, I’d probably take off looking for Chance. A few punches might actually make for some stress relief right about now.

***

The alarm on my cell phone alerted me to the fact that morning had arrived. I forced my eyes open, and memories of the previous evening came flooding back. I had said too much to Dara in a moment of weakness. Now she would be asking more questions, and I had no desire to answer them.
I showered and dressed for work. Thanks to my big mouth, it would be incredibly awkward working side-by-side with Dara.
I searched for my wallet, realizing I had left it in the jeans that I had worn the previous night. I scooped them up off my chair and fished the wallet from the back pocket. Then I remembered. I stuffed my hand in the front pocket of the jeans and pulled out the note that had been left on my motorcycle last night. It angered me that Chance had the audacity to step foot on my property. I’d have to pay him a little visit later and tell him what he could do with his note. If he thought I would stay away from Dara because he had left me a note, he was incapable of properly assessing the situation. If anything, it would only make me want to prove to him that his words had no effect on me.
I tossed last night’s jeans back on the chair and unfurled the note to reveal another typewritten message. Dara doesn’t belong with you.
I laughed. What a freaking stalker!  Who was Chance Murray to say whether Dara belonged with me or not?
I never liked Chance, but I wouldn’t have taken him to be such a wuss. What self-respecting guy ran around leaving notes?   I couldn’t fathom why he wouldn’t just say it to my face. Or better yet, why didn’t he tell Dara?  Now that I’d like to see. Dara wasn’t the confrontational type, but in my experience, females didn’t typically like it when a guy tried to tell them what to do.
I tossed the curled piece of paper on my dresser. I’d already spent way too much time entertaining Chance’s I’m-too-chicken-to-say-it-to-your-face note. I had to get to work.
When I arrived at the bookstore, Dara was dusting the shelves, and I found Tom working on spreadsheets at the front counter. “Got the sales numbers for last week?” I asked over his shoulder.
“Yeah. They’re slightly better, but still weak.”
I ran my hands through my hair. That wasn’t exactly what I wanted to hear.
Dara approached us from the opposite side of the counter with a dust cloth in her hand. “Hey, Stone. How’re you this morning?”
I glanced up to see her eyes locked on me. Crap. I knew it’d be coming. Her question sounded innocent enough, but I had a feeling it was geared more towards how I felt this morning after our conversation led to a rather touchy subject last night. Girls like Dara always wanted to talk about feelings and peek into a guy’s brain. I wanted no part of that. She waited for an answer. “If I was any better, the girls wouldn’t be able to keep their hands off me. Oh, wait…they can’t.”
“Conceited much?”
“Very much.”  I leaned over the counter and whispered, “You can’t say I didn’t warn you.” 
I turned my attention back to Tom who was watching us with interest. “We need to work on the Fourth of July promotion. It would be nice to start the month off with a bang.”  I paused. “Pun intended.”
“Speaking of bangs. I’ve been thinking about the promotion,” Dara said.
“Have you?” I asked, studying her lips and then forcing myself to focus on her eyes and await her answer.
“What do you think about a Beauty with a Bang promotion?”
“Go on.”
She glanced from me to Tom and continued. “Customers can have their nails painted for ninety-nine cents with any twenty-dollar purchase, and they get a free box of snap ‘n pops.”
“Painting nails is fine for the female customers, but what do the guys get?” I asked, not sure how many customers could be enticed with that promotion.
“Did you hear me say customers get a free box of snap ‘n pops?  Like grown men don’t get into those just as much as kids do?”  She rolled her eyes as if I had asked a silly question. “Besides, I could also line up the reigning Miss Quail Mountain for an appearance. She always draws in a crowd. Most of them are males.
“We could also have face painting for the kids, and we could put a grill out front and sell a hot dog combo meal for about a dollar and a half.”
I had to admit that she had given it a lot of thought, and her ideas were just as good, if not better, than any of the ones that I had come up with. “Tom, what do you think?”
“Sounds better than any ideas I could come up with. I’ll take a look at the budget and let y’all know how much we should spend.”  He turned back to the computer and began pulling up spreadsheets.
“Dara, do you want to handle the whole promotion?”
“Me?”
“Well, it sounds like you already have it planned out in your head. Tom can give you the numbers. Just call Quail Mountain News and place an ad in the paper and have some flyers printed up. Tom can give you the name of the printer that we normally use. When you have everything in place, we can go over the details. In the meantime, if you need any help, just let me know.”
“Sure,” she answered, shaking her head in agreement, her golden locks brushing across her shoulders with the movement. “I can handle that.”
“Great.”  I went to grab boxes of inventory that needed to be shelved, leaving her with Tom.
This would work out well for my own purposes. The promotion should keep Dara busy, which would put some space between us. And just to make sure that I kept with the plan, I would text Jess and see if she wanted to hang out tonight.

***

During the following week, I made a point to avoid Dara at all costs. Other than going over the final plans for the promotion, we hadn’t spoken ten words to each other.
I had picked up either Jess or one of my other female friends every night to ensure that I wouldn’t screw up and ask Dara out again. 
As Jess and I waited for our check in a booth tucked in the back of Awesome Sauce, Jess nibbled on my earlobe. Her long fingers stroked the back of my neck, and her perfume hung heavy in the air, like a vapor cloud. It had never bothered me before, but now it poisoned the environment, and I had the overwhelming urge to cover my mouth and nose with the palm of my hand. Dara usually wore a delicate fragrance, just enough scent to make my mouth water, and I caught myself closing my eyes and trying to remember the way it smelled.
I hadn’t received any new notes, so I assumed that Chance was satisfied with the current arrangements and the fact that I hadn’t been out socially with Dara. He certainly had nothing to do with my decision, and it wouldn’t take much for me to stand nose to nose with him and tell him so. 
Jess bit my ear a little too hard, bringing my attention back to her.
“What is it, Stone?” she asked, cooing softly in my ear.
“I’m just ready to get out of here.”  As if the stars had finally aligned, the server dropped the check on our table, smiled, and thanked us for eating at Awesome Sauce. I snatched it up and helped Jess out of the booth, wanting nothing more than to be cruising on my bike underneath a warm, moonlit sky.
I paid the check and as I was leaving, I saw Dara at a booth with Chance. He had her full attention, and she was laughing as if she were deliriously happy. Good for her. Maybe I could make her happy, but sooner or later, she’d see the real me, the self-centered me, who watched out only for himself.
“Come on, Stone. Let’s go back to your place.” Jess tugged on my hand, her dark eyes assessing me, her mouth turned down in a frown. “What are you waitin’ for?”
“Nothin’,” I said, motioning her toward the glass door that would lead us out of the crowded building and away from the shimmering-pink lips that were smiling at Chance.
Twenty minutes later, we were standing on the back patio behind my house, staring down at the valley below. It made me think of the night that Dara was here.
Jess brushed against me and kissed my lips. When I was with her, there was no one to probe in my past, no questions to answer, no expectations. Jess couldn’t care less. She was exactly what I needed, and I fervently returned her kiss.
As we made out in the moonlight, I was relieved that I had returned to my senses. 
I vowed never to stray away from bad girls again.



Chapter 5

Dara

While relaxing in the shade on my front porch, a gentle breeze jingled the wind chimes, their high-pitched tinkling taking flight like the laughter of a thousand fairies. An ancient, knotted oak spread its branches across the entire yard, making the front of the house a good ten degrees cooler than the backyard. The front porch had always been one of Granny’s favorite places, and like her, I found it to be a comforting place to rest, a safe haven from the rest of the world.
We were in our usual spots, rocking on each side of the front door, watching tall shoots of grass sway in the wind. Each of us was talking about the guys in our lives, and Granny chattered excitedly about her upcoming luncheon date with Mr. Milton. Her happiness made me smile, and it even offered me a small comfort from the entangled mess my own emotions had created. Stone had been avoiding me, and it was painfully obvious.
I had no one to blame but myself. I should’ve known to keep my guard up. Stone wasn’t known for being in serious relationships. He and Jess hung out a lot, but it was evident that they had never dated exclusively. It seemed more like their relationship was one of convenience, like they were each the fail-safe for the other.
“You haven’t heard a word I’ve said, have you?” Granny asked.
I glanced at her and smiled, realizing I had been lost in my own thoughts. “Sorry, Granny.”
“It’s him, isn’t it?  That handsome, hunk-of-a-devil at the bookstore?” she asked.
“Busted.” 
“Dara, honey, when you meet a guy you like, you just have to go for it. Don’t overthink it.”
“He’s been avoiding me, and well, Chance wants to get back together.”  I twiddled my thumbs in my lap. “I don’t know what to do.”
“What’s your heart telling you to do?”
“I have no idea.”  I cracked a smile. “My heart is just as confused as my head.”
“You know what you need to do, don’t you?”
I grunted. “If I knew that, I wouldn’t be in this predicament.”
“You need to administer the kissing test,” she advised.
 “The kissing test?” I repeated, knowing that I would never be able to predict what words might come out of her mouth.
“Trust me,” she said. “Whichever one makes you weak in the knees, whichever one makes your heart beat faster, whichever one makes you swoon with adoration…that’s the one you need to choose.
“But…,” she continued, “you also need to test his reaction to you.”
“And how do I do that?”
“See if he touches your face.”
“See if he touches my face?”  Where the devil was she going with this?  Or did I really want to know?  I supposed I should be relieved that she hadn’t told me to see who would touch my butt.
“Well, not just if he touches it, but if he touches it like he cherishes you, like he would trust you with his life, with his soul.”
I rubbed my palm across my face. Stone definitely made my heart beat faster, but in all fairness to Chance, he and I had been together a long time. We were comfortable around each other. Surely that counted for something. But the face-touching test?  They had both already touched my face. I didn’t know whether I should tell Granny that. She was trying to be helpful, and it was going to take more than that tidbit of advice to help me.
Mr. Milton pulled into the driveway, the loud crunching noise from the gravels snapping me out of my thoughts.
“There he is,” Granny whispered with enthusiasm. “Wish me luck.”
“Good luck.”
She rose from the rocker and rushed toward the porch steps.
“Granny,” I said, bringing her to a halt as she turned to look at me. “Let me know if he passes the test.”
She winked. “He already has.”
I grinned at her, and she turned and hurried toward his car in a swirl of polyester and the faint scent of cheap perfume.
The lazy afternoon cajoled me into relaxing on the porch a while longer. I needed to work on the promotion for the bookstore. The new project coupled with my first check being transferred into my savings account at the local credit union had motivated me, and I wanted to prove that I could pull this off and increase sales.
Crimson and Scarlet had already agreed to paint fingernails and to help with the face painting. Sophie Murray, Chance’s cousin, was the current and absolutely gorgeous Miss Quail Mountain, and she had agreed to make an appearance.
I had ordered the advertising and the ads had already hit in the local paper this week. I had picked up the flyers and distributed them at some of the local stores. I still needed to pass the rest out. Several cases of snap ‘n pops would arrive in the next couple of days, and the day before the promotion started, I would need to pick up the groceries for the hot dog combo meals.
Panic welled in my chest, and I began to question whether I would be able to pull this off without something going terribly wrong. I had horrible thoughts of running out of food and having angry customers waving their fists at me or stabbing me with plastic forks. One decision made. No utensils. I’d keep it simple with hot dogs, chips, and a drink. That way, I could eliminate at least one of my horrific visions.
The crunch of gravels alerted me to Crimson and Scarlet pulling into the driveway. I scooped up my messenger bag and jogged to the car. 
Once we arrived at Awesome Sauce, we ordered our food and I retrieved a notepad from my bag, so that I could take notes.
“We’ll bring all the nail polish,” Scarlet said. “We just received a huge shipment, so we’ll pick out some really hot colors and bring them. How do you like this color?” she asked, wiggling her fingertips at me.
“Ooh la la.”  I smiled at her. “I like.”
“Let me see your hands,” she chattered excitedly as she dug in her designer purse. 
“Why?”
“She wants you to be her guinea pig,” Crimson chimed.
“Do not,” Scarlet scoffed. “I have a license. I’m past the point of needing guinea pigs. Besides,” she continued, looking pointedly at her sister, “I’ve never had a shortage of guinea pigs before. Since exactly nine minutes and twenty-eight seconds after I was born, I’ve always had you.”
I laid my hand on the table, remembering all the times that Scarlet had tormented Crimson.
Scarlet shook the bottle of nail polish profusely, tapping it against the heel of her palm. She opened it and dabbed the brush against the side of the bottle before she was satisfied and began stroking the hot pink color on my nails.
“Remember the time you made the witch makeup out of green food coloring and hand lotion?” I asked Scarlet.
“You just had to bring that up, didn’t you?” Crimson asked, groaning. She tapped her perfectly manicured nails on the table. “My face was green for a week. Mom was so mad.”
“Well, look how far we’ve come,” Scarlet said, never taking her eyes from my nails. “Now we’re ready to open our own salon.”
“Quail Mountain needs a nice salon,” I said.
“Yes, it does,” Scarlet agreed. “It needs a salon for the younger generation. Some place that screams swag.”
“We’re gonna look at a couple of possible shops today, Dara. Do you wanna come?” Crimson asked.
“Sure. I’m off today, so I have plenty of time.”  
Scarlet had just finished painting my nails when the server brought our food. I curled my fingers and blew on the wet polish, trying to speed up the drying process. The color reminded me of exotic, tropical flowers, and I admired the finished product.
I gingerly picked up a French fry, being careful not to mar the polish. While the conversation lulled, I jotted down all the things that I needed to do for the promotion. 
“If we decide on a shop today, I can get our business cards printed before the Quail Mountain Books promotion,” Scarlet said in her best I’m-a-professional-businesswoman voice. I had to confess that she was savvier than most of our peers. 
“That’d be good.”  I jotted down a couple of items on my list.
“We’ve already been advertising,” Crimson added, her dark eyes watching me. “You know Scarlet, the almighty Queen of Social Media.”  Crimson stiffened her back during her last comment and spoke in her best British accent, a side effect from her obsession with the nobility. 
“It’s smart business,” Scarlet said matter-of-factly. “Don’t hate because I have more friends than you.”
“Are you freakin’ serious?” Crimson asked. “You only have as many friends as you do because my friends feel sorry for you. Mercy friends. That’s what you’ve got.”
“Just get as many of your friends to come as you can,” I said, interrupting Crimson’s diatribe. “I want to prove that I can do this.”
“We’ve got this,” Scarlet assured me. “Nothing to worry about.”
I took a deep breath. Oddly enough, it was reassuring to hear her say that and knowing Scarlet, who was an organization freak, she was right. “Good. Let me read off my list of things that I still need to do, and y’all can tell me if you think of something else.”  I read the list. After a brief discussion, I felt more secure, more in control. I could do this.
I tucked my notepad into my messenger bag, ready to free my mind from thoughts of the promotion for now.
“So, Crimson, have you seen Mike lately?” I asked.
“He took me for a ride a couple of nights ago. How about you?  Have you been out with Stone?”
“Ever since we went out about a week ago, he’s been avoiding me. I must’ve done something wrong. Something that was a total turnoff.”
“Not likely,” Scarlet snapped. “He’s just strange. If he’s not smart enough to realize how awesome you are, then you don’t need him.”
“I think he’s pretty hot,” Crimson said, fanning herself with her hand in a dramatic display.
“It doesn’t matter how hot he is if he’s a total dumb butt,” Scarlet replied. She smacked herself in the forehead. “Look who I’m talking to,” she mumbled. “My own twin, who readily admits that she’d rather be pretty than smart.”  Scarlet turned to her sister. “No wonder you think he’s hot. You’re immensely superficial.”
“Chill out, Scarface. I just said he was hot. I didn’t say I wanted to marry him or anything.”
Chance interrupted our conversation by plopping in the booth beside me. “Hey, Dara.”
“Hey.”
He looked at the twins across from us. “Crimson…Scarlet…how are you two lovelies today?”
“Beautiful as always,” Crimson replied, tilting her head and fluttering her eyelashes.
Scarlet rolled her eyes.
Chance laughed at them. Then, he turned his attention to me. “Have you thought about what I said?”
“Chance….”
“Shhh.”  He held his finger up to my lips. “I just want you to think about it.”  He leaned in and kissed me on the cheek. “I’ll call you later. I’ve gotta go to work.”  He waved and left the booth.
“Are y’all getting back together?” Crimson asked.
“He wants to.”
“And what do you want to do?” Scarlet asked.
“I don’t know. I mean we broke up for a reason, and I was really liking Stone. Then he started acting all weird, like I was a zombie or something and if he got too close to me, I might take a bite out of his jugular.”
“So do the same thing to him that he’s doing to you,” Crimson advised.
“What do you mean?”
“Play hard to get.”
I wasn’t really one for playing games, and Crimson knew enough about me to know that. “It’s not like I’ve been flinging myself at him,” I countered. “In fact, since he’s been avoiding me, I haven’t really tried to strike up conversations with him or anything.”
“Maybe you should,” Crimson said. “Maybe he’s waiting for a signal from you that you’re interested in him.”
“We’ve kissed several times,” I admitted. “I loved it, and I’m pretty sure he knows it. It would be impossible for him to think I’m not interested.”
“Maybe he’s just a scumbag, and you should embrace the fact that he’s avoiding you,” Scarlet offered. “He seems like trouble to me.”
I stuffed a French fry in my mouth, feeling a little bummed about the current situation and kicking myself for not staying totally away from him in the first place. I should’ve known better. “Maybe you’re right.”
“Don’t listen to her,” Crimson chided. “So he doesn’t follow all the rules?  That’s what makes him exciting.”
“Umm, yeah,” Scarlet said, right before taking a swig of her drink. “And maybe after y’all are married, the prison will allow conjugal visits.”
“Prison?”  Crimson huffed in disbelief. “He’s been suspended from school, and he beat the crap out of Caleb White, who’s a freakin’ bully. I’ve never even heard of him being arrested. I hardly think that makes him a candidate for a maximum security facility.”
Scarlet rolled her dark, expressive eyes.
“I know he has a bit of a bad reputation at school,” I admitted, “but I think there’s more to him than that.”
“Dara, you should stick with Chance. He’s a nice guy, and he has a promising future,” Scarlet urged.
“Well, you didn’t see Stone’s house,” Crimson muttered, her lips poised just above her straw. “He is obviously going to be the heir to a small fortune.”
“Oh, great,” Scarlet said less than enthusiastically. “So when he’s sixty and his parents die, Dara will have something to look forward to.” 
“The one thing you don’t understand,” I said to Scarlet, who was looking at me with sympathy in her eyes, “is that I feel different when I’m with Stone than I do when I’m with Chance.”
She glared at me as if I had been sniffing nail polish too long. 
How could I explain it to her?  “I want you to think about something. Think about when we were kids and we’d go outside and make snowmen and have snowball fights. Or you could think about that football game we went to last year when we were having those record-breaking low temperatures.”
“Okay,” she said, obviously wondering where I was going with this.
“You know how you feel when it’s winter and you’ve been outside and it’s so cold that you can feel your nose turning red and every nerve ending in your body is aware of your surroundings, of the blustery wind and the swirling snowflakes and the freezing temperatures?  And then you drink a cup of hot chocolate and it feels so good and warm. And you can feel the heat flowing through your body as it reaches every finger, every toe. And when you’ve drained the last drop from your mug, you stare at the bottom of your cup, sad that it’s gone and desperately wishing that you had another cup?
“Stone is my hot chocolate.”  There. I said it.
“Well, you definitely got the hot part right,” Crimson blurted, dabbing the corners of her mouth with a napkin.
Scarlet was still silently staring at me, her French fries forgotten. “What about Chance?”
“I don’t know,” I confessed. “I know he’s a great guy, and I know he cares about me. But I can’t ignore what I feel when I’m with Stone.”
“What about the fact that he’s avoiding you?” Scarlet asked, fulfilling her duty of being the voice of reason.
I slapped my palms down lightly on the table. “I know.”  I shook my head. “I know, and he may never give me the time of day again, but I’m not ready to write him off just yet.”
“Okay, but don’t come crying to me when he breaks your heart,” Scarlet warned. “And he will break your heart.”

***

Stone

The promotion was in three days. I watched Dara as she busied herself around the store. She had been cleaning like crazy, sending dust motes scurrying from the books, games, CDs, and DVDs with a bright blue feather duster that looked like the ass end of a peacock. Then, she’d go over the metal shelves with a damp cloth to wipe the dust away. I had to hand it to her. She had proven to be a valuable asset, and considering how much I had riding on this, it made me appreciate her on a whole new level.
My phone buzzed. I stood up from the stool behind the counter and fished for it out of my pocket, frowning when I realized that my father was calling.
“I’ll be back in a few minutes,” I told Tom as I brushed past him, walked through the kitchen, which Dara had scrubbed until it sparkled, grabbed a cigarette from my pack out of the cabinet, and headed out the back door.
“Hello.”
“Yeah, I’m fine. The house is fine. Everything’s fine.”
“Dammit. I know that!  Why do you keep badgering me?”
“I know you think I’m a failure. I know that you wish it was Luke standing here right now, but it’s not. It’s me.”
“Bullshit.”
“I’m at work, and as you have so helpfully pointed out, I don’t have much time, so I need to focus on the store right now. Can we talk about this later?”
I hung up, crammed my phone in my pocket, and lit the cigarette. I drew in deeply, my hand resting lightly on the handlebars of my motorcycle as I stared out over the back of the lot, wishing things were different.
“Are you okay?”
Shit. How long had she been standing there?  I took another long draw off the cigarette and slowly turned to see Dara, her hands full of broken down cardboard boxes, watching me, her delicately plucked eyebrows drawn together in concern.
“I’m fine.”  I put the cigarette between my lips, and walked toward her, taking the cardboard boxes from her and walking over to the dumpster with them.
I had hoped she’d take that as her cue to go back in the store, but she just stood silently, watching me as I walked toward her and stopped a few feet away.
I drew on the cigarette again, the end of it glowing bright orange in response, and then pulled it away from my mouth and expelled the smoke.
“Smoking cancer sticks is a nasty habit, you know.”
I felt the corners of my mouth tilting upward as I took another draw. Just what I needed. Another parent. I tossed my cigarette down and ground it out with my boot. “I know.”  And I did know. I wasn’t really a heavy smoker, but there were times when I felt it helped ease my stress. Not a good choice for stress relief, but hell, we’re all going to die sometime. Luke was proof enough of that.
“Do you want to talk about it?” she asked.
“Talk about what?  That my father thinks I’m a failure?  Nah. I have no need to talk about it. I do, however, intend to prove him wrong. Not that I really give a shit what he thinks.”
“And how’re you gonna do that?” she asked, her bright green eyes watching me intensely.
And that’s why I needed to stay away from girls like Dara. They asked too many questions, wanted to dig too deep, wanted guys to talk about their feelings and all that shit that guys hate to do.
“My father owns this store. If sales don’t pick up by the end of July, he’s going to close the doors. He doesn’t think I can make the store a success, but I’m going to prove him wrong.”
And that’s why I needed to stay away from Dara, in particular. She made me want to answer her questions, staring at me with those huge, concerned eyes, making me feel like she actually cared about me.
“Your father owns it?”
“Yes.”
“Maybe you could talk him out of closing it.”
“He’s a businessman. If the venture doesn’t make money, then he gets out of it. It’s that simple. Besides, it’s more important to me to make it a success, so that he doesn’t want to close it, to show him that he can think what he wants, but I am not the failure he tries to make me out to be.”
“He actually tells you that you’re a failure?”  I was captivated by her lips as the words softly escaped them, prying ever deeper into my psyche. What was it about them that drew my attention every time I was near her?  A guy could be entranced by a pair of lips like that touching his skin. But for me, I knew it was more than that. They were her lips. For the first time in a long time, part of me wanted to completely open up, but I knew how that would end.
“You know what?  I think I’m going to leave for a little while. Would you tell Tom that I’ll be back later?”
The corners of her mouth turned down in a slight frown. Then, she gave me a smile. “Yeah, I’ll tell him. I guess I’d better get back to work.”
She turned and went back inside, strands of her silky hair lifting in the balmy breeze. I waited until she had enough time to go back to the front of the store. Then, I stooped, picked up my cigarette butt, and walked through the kitchen and into the bathroom. I ran water over the cigarette butt and tossed it in the garbage. Then, I brushed my teeth and washed my hands to rid myself of as much of the smoke smell as possible. I grabbed my bottle of cologne from under the sink and sprayed it on my shirt. Walking back into the kitchen, I grabbed my helmet from the counter and headed back outside. 
My motorcycle screamed along the black asphalt as I tried to clear my head. I had to focus on the store, on what it would take to be a success. Dara had really taken control of the Fourth of July promotion, and it was a relief to have some help in the marketing arena. Tom hated marketing, and I had to admit that she was doing a much better job with it than I could have. She had more contacts, and there was something about her that drew people in. Her gentle, quiet demeanor made people feel relaxed, safe, yet she wasn’t shy. And she was a hell of a lot prettier than Tom. Our male customers could appreciate that fact.
My shield was raised, allowing the wind to hit my face and offer some relief from the warm temperatures. I pulled the clutch and kicked my bike into a lower gear as I approached the Quail Mountain Cemetery. Not wanting to disturb the serenity of this sacred place, I slowed down as I turned in and coasted along the road, finally pulling over and parking in the cool shade offered by the overhanging branches of an oak tree. I yanked off my helmet and placed it on my mirror. Then, I walked the short distance through the granite headstones to a grave located near a large, intricately carved statue of a beautiful, winged angel. 
Sitting on the freshly mown grass, I pulled my knees up in front of me and rested an elbow on each one. Grief and loneliness flooded my senses, and I closed my eyes as I attempted to regain my composure. I concentrated on the sounds around me, the birds singing in the nearby trees, the gentle breeze rustling the leaves. Somewhere in the distance, I could hear the soft hum of a lawnmower. 
After a few minutes of focusing on anything and everything besides my own pent up feelings, I opened my eyes, allowing my line of vision to fall on Luke’s name, carved into the cold marbleized stone. I shivered despite the warm day as I imagined how cold everything had become since his death. His loss had rocked me to my very soul, a grief so overwhelming that I struggled to deal with it each and every day. I shook my head as if that alone were enough to shake off my disconsolate demeanor. A lump lodged in my throat, making it ache with years of anguish. Raw emotions clawed inside my gut like an aggressive hellhound, and I wished that I knew how to release them from my soul. Yet at the same time, I knew that I was only getting what I deserved. As long as I could feel the pain, then I would be justly punished for my part in his death.
I blew my breath out between clenched teeth. If only I could go back. If only I could undo my actions. This was my cold, cruel reality. I lowered my head into my palms, squeezing my temples in an attempt to get a tiny respite from the emotions that churned in my soul. I knew no relief would come. And I knew that I didn’t deserve any.
I lifted my head, trying desperately to keep the blackness that threatened to engulf me at bay. I would not succumb to the misery that was eating away at my core.
“Why the hell didn’t you fight, Luke?  I needed you. Dammit, I still need you.”
I inhaled deeply, my lungs expanding with the warm July air. I concentrated on his memory, trying to conjure the sound of his voice.
I stood abruptly, feeling the need to get away from this place, to be on my bike, to forget.
Once I reached the main road, I twisted the throttle, running my bike wide open. I needed to return to the bookstore, but I found myself driving to Jess’s instead. When I pulled up in front of her house, she stepped onto the porch, having heard the motorcycle.
Sauntering toward me, she brushed her long, dark hair over her shoulder. “Hey, baby.”  
I pulled off my helmet and hung it from the mirror.
She walked up to me, straddling my leg between hers as she brushed a kiss across my lips and skimmed her palms over my chest. “Wanna go back to your place?” she asked, her large, hoop earrings swaying as she spoke.
No difficult questions to answer. That’s what I liked about Jess. Dara would be asking what was wrong or how was I feeling. As Jess dropped tiny kisses near my mouth, I had the strange sensation that maybe it would be nice to have someone who was truly concerned about me.
But questions would lead to answers, and answers would lead to more questions. Eventually, she’d know more about me than she really wanted to know. I had told Dara too much already. Better that I not delude myself with dreams of grandeur. There was no rewind button. No clicking an undo arrow. This was my life, and it sucked.
“Yeah, Jess, let’s go.”
Once we arrived at my house, we stood on the patio overlooking the valley. I pulled Jess against my chest and molded my lips to hers, pressing against her body as she groaned softly into my mouth. She ran her hands under my shirt, and her fingernails scraped against the flesh of my back.
“Oooh, baby, you feel so good,” she cooed against my neck.
I took a step back, and she looked at me with round, dark eyes.
I knew she wasn’t used to my rejection, but everything just felt so wrong. I chalked it up to being a freaking nightmare of a day, and I tugged her against me, kissing her with mindless abandon.

***

On the morning of the Fourth of July promotion, Dara beat me to work. The grill was out front, along with a serving table and a couple of picnic tables covered in red-and-white, vinyl, gingham tablecloths. Directly inside the front door, Crimson and Scarlet had a long, folding table set up with a dozen different colors of nail polish, a few colors of face paint, an assortment of brushes and combs, and a neatly stacked pile of business cards. They also had a couple of the tall stools that were usually behind the front counter lined up beside the table. 
I could see Dara through the plate glass window, setting up various condiments for the hot dogs. When she came back in, she shot me a brilliant smile. 
“Great. You’re here.”  She walked purposefully toward me. “Isn’t this exciting?”  She clapped her hands together and continued, “You’re going to grill the hot dogs. Tom will run the cash register and give out the snap-n-pops. Crimson and Scarlet are going to take care of the face painting, nail painting, and braiding. Miss Quail Mountain should be here in a couple of hours. I’ll help customers and take care of any random stuff.”
I admired the way she had taken charge of the event. I had hoped that my parents would be able to attend, but given the fact that they had decided to stay in Europe a while longer, I’d have to be content with proving to my father that I had enough business sense to turn things around.
“Do you really think we’ll have a good turnout?” I asked, unsure of whether this would be enough to jump-start sales for July.
I hadn’t expected her to take my hand in hers. She held it, looking directly in my eyes as she spoke. “I know how important this is to you. It’s important to me, too. We’re gonna do this, Stone.”
I nodded my head. She had worked hard on this project with only minor input from me. I was practicing a lesson that my father had tried to teach me about micromanaging. He assured me that it was much more empowering to employees if the manager didn’t micromanage. Too bad he didn’t employ that same technique with me.
Judging by the way Dara had handled the project, I would say that my old man was right. Shit. I never thought I’d believe that.
“Yeah,” I agreed with her. “We are. We’re going to do it.”
After handling some last minute stocking on items that I was sure would be hot sellers, Dara shooed me out the front door to start cooking. 
It wasn’t long before our first customer meandered over to the grill. It was a mother with two young children. The children chattered excitedly about the snap-n-pops they were anticipating and about the new video game their mother had promised them that they could play as soon as they finished reading a book. They all ate hot dog combos and went inside for face painting. 
People continued to pour into the store. When Mike showed up, most likely to see Crimson, I put him to work at the grill while I went to check on things in the store. Customers milled around the shelves, many of them filling a basket with miscellaneous items. Crimson braided a little girl’s hair while Scarlet painted her mother’s fingernails. I spotted Dara carrying a large box from the back of the store, and I rushed toward her to help her with it. She handed it off to me. 
“The shelf on the endcap with the new book is almost empty. So is the one with the brand new video game. They need to be restocked,” she said in a rush. “And I’m afraid we have a problem.”
“What’s that?” I asked. 
“Sophie, a.k.a. Miss Quail Mountain, is running late. Her car broke down, and Chance is on his way to pick her up.”  She looked at her cell phone. “She was supposed to be here twenty minutes ago, and who knows when she’ll actually arrive?”
“Your jock is coming?”
“I told you,” she snapped. “He’s not my jock.”
“Apparently, he thinks he is,” I grumbled, suddenly feeling irritable as I remembered the notes that he left on my bike.
“Stone, I don’t have time for this.”
I could hear the panic in her voice. “Take a deep breath,” I instructed. “Everything’s going great, and it’s going to be fine. I’ll take care of stocking the shelves, and you can check on everything else. Let me know if you need help.”
She blew out a quick breath, making golden strands of hair blow away from her face. “Okay.”
I looked at the panicked expression on her face, and I nodded. “It’s going to be okay,” I repeated softly.
She took another breath and exhaled slowly. “Yeah. You’re right. It’ll be okay.”
“You’re doing a great job,” I whispered, hoping to build her confidence and meaning every word of it.
She laid her hand on my arm. “Thank you, Stone.”  Then, she was off in a flurry of motion.
I restocked the shelves as quickly as I could and filled in inventory on other shelves that were running low. Crimson and Scarlet had a group huddled around their table as they painted nails and faces and whatever other girl shit they were doing. I didn’t care what they were doing. Whatever it was, it seemed to be working.
While straightening inventory, I glanced up to see Dara heading toward me. “Stone, I’m going to take a quick break.”
“Sure.”  As hard as she’d been working all day, I figured that she could probably use one. In fact, when she was finished, I’d need to make sure everyone had a chance to take a break. A steady flow of customers had browsed the store since we opened.
I finished what I was doing and scooped up the empty boxes at my feet. I hurried into the kitchen and broke them down, so that I could discard them in the dumpster and give Tom a break. As I pushed the back door open, I saw Dara in Chance’s arms, his lips on hers.
Shit. I stood frozen to the spot, resisting the urge to rip him away from her and pummel his nose with my fist. He had some freaking nerve leaving me notes that Dara didn’t belong with me. Maybe she didn’t, but she sure as hell didn’t belong with him, either.
Pressing my lips together and clenching my jaw, I stormed past them and dumped the cardboard in the dumpster. When I turned around, they were both staring at me. 
I pointed at Chance. “I oughta beat the shit out of you.”
He looked at me a little surprised. Didn’t he think that I’d say it to his face?  I sure wasn’t a note-writing coward.
“What’s your problem, dude?”
“You’re my freakin’ problem,” I spit out caustically as I walked toward him.
Dara held up her palm. “Stone, this is none of your business. You need to go back in the store.”
I pointed at Chance, the vein at my temple throbbing with anger. “He made it my business.”
“Stone, I mean it,” she shouted, fury evident in her voice. “Go back inside.”
“I made it your business?” Chance asked, his voice getting louder.
“Chance, stop it,” Dara ordered. “Stone, get back inside. It’s none of your business.”
I glared at Chance, wishing he’d give me a reason to knock the shit out of him. I was tempted to knock the shit out of him, anyway.
I tore my eyes away from Chance, long enough to look at Dara’s face. Her eyes sliced through me like daggers. Furious, I gave Chance one more I-dare-you-to-open-your-mouth glare before I turned and charged back into the building, longing to plant my fist into something. I went into the bathroom and splashed cold water on my face, hanging my head over the sink while the water sluiced down my face and dripped from my chin. I stared at myself in the mirror, trying to tamp down the eruption of emotions that coursed through my veins. I snatched a paper towel from the roll and dried my face.
I couldn’t afford to let Chance deter me from the more important matter of increasing sales and saving the store. Besides, Tom needed a break.
I would deal with Chance soon enough. I stayed away from her after his last note on my own accord, but I just decided that Dara was worth fighting for.



Chapter 6

Dara

“What was that about?” I thundered at Stone. Other than the confrontation between Chance and Stone, the day had been a smashing success. Everyone had left except for the two of us. It would be dark soon, and the Fourth of July parties would be gearing up for fireworks before long.
“What?” he asked innocently as he leaned against the kitchen counter.
I rolled my eyes. “You know what.”
“He’s lucky my fist didn’t connect with his face,” Stone muttered.
“Seriously?” I asked, my hands on my hips, staring at him as if he were an unruly child.
He closed the distance between us and hovered just above my face. “Seriously.”
“So your parents taught you to behave like a caveman?” I asked, angry with him for his dramatic display of testosterone earlier.
“Better a caveman than a yellow-bellied coward.”
“Who are you calling a coward?” I asked.
“The guy who left notes on my motorcycle warning me to stay away from you.”
I stared at him in disbelief. That didn’t sound like something that Chance would do. Of course, there had never been another guy in the picture since Chance and I had started dating, not that Stone was exactly in the picture.
“I have the notes at home to prove it,” he continued. “I say you can make up your own mind as to whether you want to be with me or not.”
I knew that Chance wanted to get back together, but would he have actually contacted Stone?
“On whether I want to be with you?  Half the time you won’t even speak to me. What makes you think I would want to be with someone like you?”
I could see the flicker of emotions cross his face. His crisp, blue eyes seemed to dim the instant the words tumbled from my mouth.
He inched closer to me. “Because I can feel it,” he whispered, his fingers splaying across my hips as he pulled me to him. “The way your breath quickens, the way your pulse races, the way your heart beats like the wings of a hummingbird. The way your lips softly part as if they’re waiting for me to do this.”  His lips touched mine as one hand moved to the small of my back, and he pressed his chest against me. He kissed me gently at first, but then he nibbled at my lip and his tongue slipped into my mouth. I wasn’t just being kissed. I was being devoured. My heart hammered against my ribcage, and before I knew what I was doing, my arms were wrapped around him, pulling him close, kneading his flesh. I could feel the hard, lean muscle beneath his shirt. 
Forgetting that I was supposed to be angry with him, I hugged him to me more tightly as if I couldn’t get close enough. What was it about him that made all coherent thought flee from my mind?
I pushed him away. “You know what you feel?”  I didn’t wait for him to answer. “You feel my astonishment that you really are as conceited as you warned me about. You’re not as badass as you think you are…but you definitely got the conceited part right.”
“Ouch.”  He grinned, unperturbed, rubbing his exquisite jawline with his thumb and forefinger. “And I thought I was supposed to be the vampire. Be careful, Dara. Your fangs are showing.”
I turned my back to him and retrieved my messenger bag from the hook on the wall. “Guess you’re the one that needs the garlic necklace.”
He walked up behind me as I was fishing my car keys out of my bag. I didn’t hear him approach me from behind, but his fingers brushed across the nape of my neck as he swept my hair to the side and his fingertips gently caressed the exposed skin. “What makes you think I want to ward you off?” 
I swirled around to face him, my ire rising. “I don’t know, Stone. Your unpredictable behavior?”
“Most girls admire my spontaneity.”
“Spontaneity is not necessarily a bad thing, but when you’re drooling on me one minute and ignoring me the next…I can’t deal with that, Stone.”
“Drooling?  Seriously, Dara?  I do not drool.”  
“You’re impossible!” I screamed in frustration.
He grasped my shoulders in his palms. “Look at me and tell me that when you kiss me, you don’t feel things that no guy has ever made you feel.”
I watched him as he waited on me to give him an answer. I wanted to tell him that he was wrong. I wanted to…but lying wasn’t something that I usually did. I had lied to Stone, but only because he put me on the spot and I was in an awkward situation. As much as I didn’t want him to know that he was right, I would not deny it.
“So it’s true?” he asked, trying to prod me to respond.
“And that’s why I can’t deal with it, Stone. One minute I feel like you genuinely like me, and the next, I feel like you’re playing me. You can say what you want about Chance, but he never toyed with my emotions.”
His hands dropped to his sides. “Let’s call a truce. For tonight, at least. Your promotion was a raving success, Dara. Hopefully, it will jump-start good sales for the month and my father won’t close Quail Mountain Books. And, it’s the Fourth of July. I was hoping you would celebrate with me.”
“I’ve got plans.”
“Come on, Dara,” he cajoled, his voice low and gruff. “I promise I’ll be good.”
I looked at him without saying a word. His clear, blue eyes watched me intently, and I saw no signs of mischief. He was ruggedly handsome with his angular jawline and beautifully sculpted features. He seemed genuinely sincere, and I squelched the tiny voice that warned me not to fall for his charm.
“Okay,” I agreed, “but it will be on my terms. We have a small get-together at my house every year, and you can come on one condition.”
“And what’s that?” he asked, shifting his weight as he tucked his thumbs in the front pocket of his jeans. 
“You keep your hands to yourself, agreed?”
“You know how to suck the life out of a party, don’t you?” he asked, unsmiling.
After I gave him the address, I opened the back door. “Those are the terms, Stone. They’re not up for discussion.”  I walked outside and just before the door closed, I heard his voice drifting after me.
“I love a good challenge.”
I smiled to myself and walked around the building to Granny’s car without looking back.

***

Stone

Dara lived in an old farmhouse situated on several acres of land near the base of Quail Mountain. Peeling white paint clung stubbornly to the wooden siding, and faded, black shutters framed the windows. A large porch stretched along the front of the house, and it boasted four white, wooden rockers and a porch swing on the far end. I recognized Dara’s guests as girls from school. An older couple swayed gently in the swing, and I assumed that the woman was Dara’s grandmother. 
As I slowly pulled my bike into the driveway, carefully navigating the gravels, Dara pushed the screen door open, exiting the house with a pitcher. When she spotted me, she gingerly sat the pitcher on a small table between two of the rockers and walked out to greet me.
Coming to a stop in the grass on the edge of the driveway, I parked and removed my helmet. I sat quietly, watching her as she approached in a pair of cutoff blue jean shorts and a red tank top.
She looked sexy. As she approached, my eyes were drawn to her lips, and I had the urge to pull her to me and kiss her, regardless of her one condition to keep my hands to myself. Rules were made to be broken, and her rule seemed like a good one to break. I refrained, though I couldn’t quite figure out why.
“Hey, Stone,” she said smiling, teasing me with those full, pink lips again. Those sparkling lips were going to be my undoing, and I had visions of them kissing my body tenderly. I shook my head, clearing it of the thoughts that were going to force me to break her rule.
“Dara,” I answered in greeting.
“You want a glass of lemonade?”
“You got a beer?” I asked.
She shot me a look of disdain.
“Lemonade it is.”  I hung my helmet on the mirror and swung my leg over the bike, joining her as she walked back to the porch.
“You know Crimson and Scarlet,” she stated, motioning to the twins who had claimed a rocker on each side of the front door.
“Good job today, ladies,” I said. “Y’all were amazing. I’m impressed.”
“Thank you,” they said in unison. Both girls were pretty hot with their dark brown hair and eyes. Their hair and makeup were always perfect, but I just didn’t find them as attractive as I found Dara.
“We rented the shop across the street from you,” Scarlet added. “So it worked out well. Hopefully, we’ll get some clients out of your customers today.”
“When will you be opening?” I asked.
As she swayed gently in the rocker, Crimson answered, “Hopefully in a month or two. So if you ever need a haircut, come on over.”
“I’ll be your first customer,” I promised.
Dara handed me a glass of lemonade, and we continued along the porch as she introduced the rest of her guests.
She introduced me to Brandy and Chloe, who were sitting in the last two rockers. Although we all went to the same school, I had never spoken to either of them. Then, she moved down to the porch swing. 
“This is Granny and Mr. Milton,” she informed me. Then addressing them, she said, “I would like for y’all to meet Stone Hamilton. I work at the bookstore with him.”
“Hi, Stone,” her grandmother said, holding her hand out to me. I shook it and then shook Mr. Milton’s outstretched hand.
“You were right, Dara,” her granny said. “He is the kind of guy that makes a girl forget her own name.”
“Granny!” Dara groaned in protest.
I bit back a smile.
Her granny grinned and turned her attention to Mr. Milton. “Just like my George.”
Mr. Milton was a tiny, little man with a head full of white hair and a kind smile. He patted Dara’s granny on the knee. “That’s right,” he said in a gravelly voice. He looked at me. “We’re both lookers, so we get the good-looking honeys.”
I cracked a smile at his use of the word honeys. “The rest of the boys may as well fess up and go home. They don’t stand a chance against men like us.”  I bumped knuckles with Mr. Milton.
“Sounds like you’re in need of some competition.”  Chance walked up on the other side of Dara, draping his arm across her shoulders and glaring at me.
“Why?  Do you know where I can find some?” I asked, watching his response closely.
His lips thinned, and his face reddened. 
“Chance, could I speak to you for a minute?” Dara asked, dragging him away.
“Don’t mind him,” Dara’s granny said. “He’s a good boy. Their breakup has been hard on him.”
What did I say to that?  I couldn’t very well tell Dara’s granny that I couldn’t care less about Chance. I took a sip of lemonade.
Thankfully, Mr. Milton changed the subject. “You have a sharp motorcycle.”
“Thank you.”
“I used to ride ‘em when I was much, much younger. When I was a kid, me and my brother would race our dirt bikes out in our field. He would get so mad because he could never beat me.”
Our attention was brought back to Dara as she walked back to our group. 
“I see Chance is leaving,” Dara’s granny said, motioning to his sports car as he backed out of the driveway.
“Yeah, I told him that maybe we’d spend some time together later,” Dara said. “Come on, Stone. It’s starting to get dark. We’ll get the bonfire started.”
I didn’t know there was going to be a bonfire, but I followed her as she led me to a large, grassy field on the side of the house. A huge pile of dried wood was surrounded by chunks of tree trunks to be used as makeshift stools and benches. An old, wooden work table, draped with a red-white-and-blue, vinyl table cloth held long sticks intended to be skewers for wienies and marshmallows. I saw all the makings for hot dogs and s’mores.
“So why did Chance leave?”
Dara looked at me and hesitated before she spoke, as if she were mulling her words over carefully. “I asked him to. I didn’t think it was wise to have both of you here, especially after today. I had invited you, not Chance. He’s just been used to coming during the last few years.”
“I guess he wasn’t too happy about that.”  I sat my cup of lemonade on the table and turned my attention to her.
“No, he wasn’t, which was why I promised him that we would spend some time together soon. He wants to get back together.”
“Is that what you want?”  I hovered close to her face, my lips inches from hers. I should do it. I should kiss her right here, right now, just to prove to her that she wouldn’t stop me. But I had promised her that I would keep my hands to myself. Rather than break the promise, I decided to make her regret her one condition.
Dara looked at my lips and swallowed. I made her nervous. Her eyes fluttered back to my face. “I don’t know what I want.”
I inched closer. “You want to kiss me.”
She moved toward me, and I backed away. “I guess we should get the fire started.”  I retrieved a lighter from the table and lit some newspaper that had been crammed in the cracks between the long logs that had been propped up like a teepee. The kindling burst into flames that slowly licked their way up the logs. It glowed brightly in the twilight as it eventually engulfed the entire stack of wood. A stone ring encircled the bonfire, and two buckets of water were tucked just beneath the food table.
I sat on a long piece of trunk and waited as Dara went to tell her guests that the bonfire was ready.
The group chattered as everyone gathered around the fire. I held a long stick over the flames and roasted two wienies. When they were done, Dara and I fixed a hot dog and sat on the tree trunk I had claimed earlier. 
I glanced at the driveway and saw a small compact car pull in. I motioned to Dara. “Is that one of your friends?”
She cocked her head in the direction of the car and studied it a moment. It was difficult to see much about the car since the sun was just about to set behind the surrounding mountains.
“Everyone I invited is already here,” she said. “Granny, do you know who that is?”
Dara’s granny and Mr. Milton turned around to look at the driveway. “I have no idea, but we’ll go see who it is. You stay here with your friends.”
They walked hand-in-hand toward the driveway, and I turned my attention back to Dara. “So what’s for dessert?”
“S’mores.”
“And if I don’t like s’mores?” I asked, watching the fire reflected in her eyes.
“Then you’re out of luck.”
I laughed. “You think so?”  I flattened my palm out over the rough bark beside her hand. I never touched hers, but I did compare how much smaller her hand was than mine. I leaned closer to her. I wanted her to be aware of me.
“So tell me about your brothers,” she said softly.
She screwed up my carefully devised plan of making her want me. Instead, she now had me off-kilter by trying to get me to talk about personal things. I shouldn’t have been surprised. The fire crackled and popped, and I tried to focus on the sound while I got my thoughts together. 
“Dylan, my older brother, just finished his freshman year in college.”
“Does he ride motorcycles, too?”
A lump rose in my throat. She may as well have pummeled me. “He used to.”
“And your twin?”  She watched me with interest, and I could tell that she was genuinely interested in my family.
“Dara, I can’t talk about him right now.”
I could see the sympathy on her face, the way her brows furrowed, and she moved her hand over mine, squeezing gently. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have asked.”
“It’s okay,” I assured her. “It’s just….”
“I understand,” she interrupted. “I’m sure it’s very painful for you.”
I nodded, hoping that she wouldn’t ask anything further. I wasn’t ready to tell her about Luke. Thankfully, her granny and Mr. Milton approached the bonfire.
“Who was it, Granny?”
Her grandmother looked at Dara, and for just an instant, I saw a strange look of horror on her face before it was replaced with a wide smile. “No one. Just a wrong turn. Dara, honey, we’re going into the house.”
“Don’t you want to make a s’more?” Dara asked.
“Not tonight. But y’all stay out here and have a good time.”
“Okay.”
I was relieved when Scarlet demanded everyone’s attention as she launched into a ghost story. The last thing that I wanted was for Dara to bombard me with more questions that I wasn’t prepared to answer.
As Scarlet’s story gained momentum in creepiness, Dara scooted closer to me. “I’d put my arm around you right now if I hadn’t sworn to keep my hands to myself,” I whispered in her ear.
“Who knew you’d actually do it?” she asked.
I slid my fingertip along the edge of her hand. “Are you saying that you don’t want me to keep my hands to myself?”
“I’m saying that I didn’t really think you had it in you. When I’m with you, I don’t know what I want, Stone. My head says to keep my distance from you, but the rest of me….”
“The rest of you wants me to do this?”  I leaned in and lightly kissed her lips. I traced my fingertips along her cheek and kissed her lightly again. “The fire’s a bit warm. Do you want to take a walk?”
She seemed hesitant, but when I stood and held my hand out to her, she placed her hand in mine. As we left the bonfire, I could feel the stares of her friends on my back, but I didn’t care. I wanted to be alone with Dara.
We walked away from the fire to the edge of the property. Stars glittered in the night, and random fireworks boomed overhead, lighting the skies with brilliant shades of color. As beautiful as the evening was, it was Dara who had me captivated. She was gorgeous and sexy, but her appeal was more than that. She had a sweetness about her that made me want to protect her. 
“I like your grandmother,” I said, holding her hand as we walked through the freshly mown grass.
“She’s been wanting to meet you. I can tell that she liked you, too.”
“Good. Maybe she won’t object when I ask you if you want to go out tomorrow night.”
She stopped and looked at me in the moonlight. “You’re asking me out?”
“Yes. I’ll pick you up at 6:30.”
“But I haven’t accepted yet.”
“You will.”  I grinned and started walking again.
“How do you know?”
“Because I’m the kind of guy that makes a girl forget her own name.”
“Yeah, I’m going to have a long talk with Granny about that.”
I stopped then and pulled her into my embrace. “I found it incredibly sexy that you would say something like that about me.”
“Like you don’t hear things like that all the time.”
“I’ve heard my share of comments like that, but this time was different. This time it was you who was saying something like that.”  As I thought about Dara being with someone like me, my heart sank. The more time I spent with her, the more time I wanted to spend with her. I didn’t know if I could live up to her expectations. I was being selfish. I knew she was the kind of girl who would want more than I was usually willing to give, more than I could give.
If I had an honorable bone in my body, then I should leave her alone and let her go back to Chance. I had too much baggage, and it was obvious that Chance was in love with her.
I wasn’t known for making the right choices. No point in starting now. The fact remained that there was something about Dara that wrapped its tiny fingers around me and wouldn’t let go.
We continued walking around the house, approaching the front yard. “Dara, I want you to know that you did a great job on the promotion. Much better than I ever could have.”
“Thank you, Stone. That means a lot to me. I know you’ve been working through some problems with your father. I really wanted it to be a success, so that sales would be up. I’ll keep helping you in any way that I can.”
I squeezed her hand. “I can’t remember the last time that I felt like anyone wanted to help me.”
“I have a feeling that a lot of people are willing to help you whether you realize it or not.”
“This is starting to sound like a therapy session,” I said.
Her laughter drifted into the still, night air. “Do you want me to be your therapist?”
“Hell, no. I want you to be my girlfriend.”
She stood still, her back ramrod straight. “Are you serious?”
Shit. Was I?  Where had that come from?  “Yeah. I’m serious.”  For the first time in a long time, I wanted something more meaningful than the relationships that I had been having. I wanted Dara.
She was quiet, and I tried to search her face in the darkness for any glimpse of what was going through her mind.
“What is it?” I coaxed quietly.
“If I agreed to be your girlfriend, then you’d have nothing to look forward to.”
I chuckled. She obviously didn’t know me very well. “I’d have plenty to look forward to, and so would you.”
“The thrill of the chase is half the fun, don’t you think?” she asked.
“Maybe, but I’m thinking about the other half.”
She watched me quietly.
I nibbled on her ear and whispered, “Will you, Dara?”  I closed my eyes and kissed her forehead, as I stroked her silky hair. She felt so good in my arms. 
Silence. 
I froze. This couldn’t be a good sign. I pulled back and gazed upon her face. Apparently, she had failed to realize how lucky she was.
“What has happened to you, Stone, that you shut yourself off from the rest of the world?” she whispered against my lips. 
Her words splintered through my psyche as visions flashed violently in my mind. I was taken aback, never expecting this tiny girl, to whom I was attracted in every sense of the word, to be so adept at tuning in to my soul. It scared me, and I struggled to keep it from showing. “If this is about me not going to Europe with my parents, then….”
“That’s not what I mean, and you know it.”  She laid her head against my chest, and the faint smell of strawberries drifted up from her hair. “I won’t be your girlfriend, Stone. You didn’t ask me for the right reason.”
“And what’s the right reason?”
“If you’re doing it for the right reason, then I won’t have to answer that question.”
I closed my eyes and suppressed a groan, as I reminded myself why I knew better than to be socializing with Dara Golding in the first place. 
 “Come on,” she urged, grabbing my hand and walking swiftly through the front yard. “I need to get back to the bonfire before my guests think I’m a horrible hostess.”
I had no idea what had just happened, and we said nothing as we headed toward the flickering flames. We stayed around the bonfire a while longer until her guests slowly started heading for home. 
After the last guest left, Dara and I sat by the glowing embers, listening to the crickets as they chirped in the distance. I sat on a tree trunk while she sat on the ground between my legs. I pulled her hair back, away from her shoulders, and caressed the nape of her neck as her delicate fragrance wafted through the air around us.
My fingertips traced her collarbone as I silently recounted her words.
“It’s getting late,” she said softly. “I should clean this mess up.”
I stood and pulled her to her feet. “I’ll help you.”
We put the remaining food in grocery bags and poured the buckets of water on the softly glowing embers. Then, we headed inside.
The living room was small and tidy, and we found Dara’s grandmother and Mr. Milton sitting quietly on the couch.
“What’s wrong?” Dara asked, alarmed.
When I glanced at her grandmother, it was obvious that she had been crying. Her eyes were red, and she held a crumpled tissue in her hand. Mr. Milton’s arm rested on her shoulders, and he was cooing to her softly, soothing her.
I took the bags into the kitchen and set them on the table. Then, I returned to Dara’s side in the living room.
“Granny, you’re scaring me,” Dara said, her voice quivering.
“Don’t be scared, honey.”
“What’s wrong?”
“The strange car that was in the driveway?”
“What about it?” Dara asked.
“That wasn’t someone who had taken a wrong turn.”
“Then who was it?”
Dara’s granny dabbed at her eyes with the tissue. Then, she said softly, “That was your mother.”



Chapter 7

Dara

My insides knotted up, and I had the overwhelming urge to vomit. “My mother?” I asked quietly. “That was my mother?”
“Yes,” Granny whispered, nodding her head.
“What did she want?” I asked, a strange mixture of fear and relief coursing through my veins.
“She wants to see you.”
“She does?”
“She does. I didn’t know how you’d feel about it, so I told her that I would talk to you. I wanted to wait until after your party.”
I felt numb. For as long as I could remember, I had wanted to speak to my mother, to find out why she left me, where she was, how she was, why she no longer cared about me. What had I done as a child that was so terrible that she stopped loving me?  Maybe she had never loved me.
Emotions purled within my soul. I had so many questions, so many doubts, so much longing, so much resentment. Hot tears stung my eyes, reminders of the little girl who watched out the window hoping that one day her mother would come back. In a strange way, I still felt like that little girl. Why had it taken her almost fifteen years to return?
I couldn’t keep the tears from spilling down my cheeks. Stone ushered me into his arms, not saying a word, just rubbing my back in a soothing pattern.
When I had regained my composure, I pulled back and turned my attention back to Granny. “Did she leave a number?”
“No, honey. She said she’d drop by in a couple of days.”
Granny rose from the couch and hugged me. “I know you probably want to talk to her, but I’m so scared that she’ll take you away from me.”
I clutched Granny. “I won’t leave you. You’re the only one that I could ever count on. I’m not going anywhere.”
She leaned back and smoothed my hair away from my face. “I love you, Dara. Whatever happens, whatever decisions you make regarding your mother, I will always love you.”
“I love you, too, Granny. And who knows?  We may never hear from her again. It wouldn’t be the first time she upped and left, would it?”
“She loves you, Dara. Just remember that,” Granny assured me.
“If she loved me, she wouldn’t have left.”
“Sometimes people do things that they later regret. Just talk to her and hear her out.”
I nodded. I truly did want to hear what she had to say. I just didn’t know how I’d feel. It was so hard to remember her. I had an old picture of her tucked in my jewelry box beneath beaded bracelets and old, tarnished earrings, and I wondered if she looked anything like that now. 
“I guess I should be going. Y’all probably want to talk,” Stone said.
“No, don’t leave yet,” I pleaded. “Granny and I can talk about it tomorrow. There’s really nothing to talk about anyway until we find out whether she comes back or not.”
“If that’s what you want,” he said, caressing my cheek.
“It is.”  I grabbed his hand and pulled him toward the front door. “Let’s sit on the porch.”
We walked outside into the darkness and sat on the porch swing. Stone put his arm around me, and I laid my head on his shoulder.
“You want to talk about it?” he asked, stroking my hand with his forefinger.
“I gave up thinking she’d ever come back for me a long time ago.”  I suddenly felt so very tired, like I hadn’t slept in the last fifteen years. All those dashed hopes and dreams came flooding back, only this time I was old enough to know better. Experience had taught me that I couldn’t depend on my mother.
“Maybe she realizes what she’s lost, what an incredibly high price she’s paid.”
“Maybe,” I agreed. “But she wasn’t the only one who had to pay.”
“I know,” he said soothingly. “But we can’t control what other people do. We can only control how we react.”
I could do nothing to stop the flow of tears as they tumbled from my eyes. 
Stone hugged me harder. “It’s okay. Let it out.”
I clung to him, glad that he was here, and he stroked my hair. His long legs gently rocked us in the swing.
“I don’t know whether to be happy or angry,” I whispered.
“You can be both,” he said. “You deserve to be both. If she comes back, just tell her exactly how you feel. She owes you that much.”
I nodded my head. “What if she doesn’t like me?”
He put his finger under my chin and tilted my head up, so that our eyes met. “Dara, don’t even think like that. You’re a wonderful person. If she doesn’t absolutely love you, then she doesn’t deserve you. Do you hear me?”
I nodded, and he released my chin and held me tightly.
He rocked us in the swing until my tears ran dry and my eyelids began to droop.
“Why don’t you get some sleep?” he asked. “You don’t have to worry about coming to work tomorrow.”
“I want to come to work,” I whispered sleepily. “We have to get sales up.”
“You get some sleep, and we’ll talk tomorrow then,” he said, helping me to my feet.
“Okay.”
He walked me to the front door and gently kissed me on the lips. “Good night.”
“Good night, Stone.”

***

Stone

As I showered for work, I thought about my date this evening with Dara. Yesterday had been an emotional day for her, and I wanted everything to be perfect. I still hadn’t decided on where to take her or what to do. I just knew that I wanted it to be special.
When I pulled into the parking lot at work, Dara’s grandmother’s beast of a car was already there. I entered the bookstore and found her cleaning the counter. 
“Hey, beautiful,” I said as I approached her and dropped a quick kiss on her cheek.
“Good morning.”
“How’re you feeling this morning?” I asked, watching her face intently for any clues.
A small crease furrowed her brow. “I’m okay, I guess. It kinda seems like a dream.”
“I know it’s scary, but I think it will be good for you to talk to your mother.”
“I guess,” she halfheartedly agreed. “But let’s just focus on the bookstore today. Do you think our sales will be up?”
“We had a fantastic day yesterday. I would expect sales to still be up as a result of the advertising, and hopefully, we’ll get some word-of-mouth advertising out of the deal, too. Why don’t you schedule a new ad for next week?”
“Okay. I’m going to put some of Crimson’s and Scarlet’s business cards on the counter, too, if that’s okay,” she said, opening a drawer and pulling out two stacks of cards.
“Absolutely,” I agreed.
“I thought if the bookstore stays open, you might have some bookmarkers printed up, and they could put those in their shop to help you advertise.”
Dara seemed to be a natural at business. “That’s a great idea. Why don’t you go ahead and check on that?”
“I’ll do it,” she promised.
As the day wore on, it proved that the promotion did increase business. During the times when business lulled, I snuck to my office to make a few arrangements for our date. 
When Tom came in to relieve us, I sent Dara home, so that she would have time to get ready. I stayed a while longer to talk sales numbers with Tom.
As I was leaving, I noticed another note on my bike. Just like the others, it was tucked between the handlebars and the clutch. I groaned, my irritation rising before I even bothered to read it. If I hadn’t promised to pick Dara up in less than two hours, I’d visit Chance Murray on my way home to put a stop to this once and for all.
It was time for him to man up and realize that as long as I was in the picture, he didn’t have a snowball’s chance. He and his jock strap could hit on the next girl. Dara was free to choose whomever she wanted.
I laid my helmet on the black leather seat, snatched the note up, and unrolled it. Leave Dara alone.
I looked at the time on my phone, wondering if I had enough time to stomp his ass and still be able to pick Dara up on time. I could always tell her I’d be running a little late, but with everything that had been happening, this was an important date. Girls remembered shit like this, and for once, I didn’t want to screw it up.
I took a deep breath, trying to tamp down my anger. I felt my shirt pocket, wishing I had a cigarette, but realized that I had decided to quit smoking after Dara had admonished me. Smoking was a nasty habit, and I smoked more because it was routine than because I had any real addiction.
What I needed was to ride. I put on my helmet, started the bike, and revved the engine. I slowly eased out from the carport and pulled the bike into a wheelie as I screamed through the parking lot and headed for home.
An hour later, my anger started to diffuse, mostly because I reasoned that Dara would be my girlfriend soon, no matter what Chance’s opinion was on the matter.
When I thought about how long it had been since I felt this way about a girl, it was disconcerting. On one hand, the memories assaulted me, and the pain that I had endured three years ago threatened to rip my gut open again. How long should I agonize?  Maybe I deserved to suffer forever, but a huge part of me wanted a meaningful relationship with Dara. A huge part of me wondered if she could…heal me.
I pulled on a pair of blue jeans and a blue pullover shirt. I sprayed a generous amount of cologne, guaranteed to make even the most modest of girls swoon. In a matter of minutes, I opened the garage and backed out my Dad’s glossy, black sports car. He had told me not to drive it, to take the more family-oriented spare car, but he knew I would. If he truly didn’t want me behind the wheel, he would’ve taken his keys with him.
That was the one thing my dad and I had in common:  a penchant for fine, sleek, fast vehicles.
As I headed toward town, my thoughts toggled between pummeling Chance and wooing Dara. For my own sanity, I decided to forget Chance for the time being. The last thing I wanted was for him to play any role in my date with Dara. I refused to give him the satisfaction on any level.
When I pulled into Dara’s graveled driveway, I opened the trunk and took out the two bouquets of roses that I had purchased at the florist in town. I walked to the front door and knocked lightly.
Dara’s grandmother opened the door and greeted me with a wide smile.
“Hi, Stone. Come on in. Dara’s almost ready.”  She moved to the side and held the screen door open for me.
“Thank you, ma’am.” 
“I know I’m old, but you don’t have to call me ma’am. All of Dara’s friends call me Granny.”
I nodded and held out a bouquet of red roses. “Granny, these are for you.”
“Thank you, honey. The last time a man gave me roses…I plucked every one of the blooms and threw them at him. But that’s a long story for another day. Come inside and make yourself comfortable while I put these in water. They’re absolutely beautiful!”
I clutched Dara’s roses and sat on the afghan-covered couch. I could only imagine what kind of a hellion Granny must have been in her younger days. 
I rose when Dara walked into the living room, one of those social graces that my mother tried to teach me when I was younger. “Damn, you look gorgeous!”  My mother wouldn’t have approved of my word choice, but that was better than my first thought, which would remain locked away in my head.
She was sexily clad in an iridescent gold, strapless dress that hugged her curves deliciously and a matching pair of heels. I assumed that Crimson and Scarlet had been over because her hair was pinned up into a tangle of corkscrew curls and glittering sparkles. Her lips were her usual shade of shimmering pink, and as always, they drew my attention to them as she smiled shyly, revealing straight, white teeth.
I held out her bouquet of soft pink roses. I had chosen pink because the color reminded me of her lips, and looking at her now, I knew her lips were as soft as the petals.
“How sweet!” she said timidly, as she took them from me and lifted them to her nose. “They smell good, too.”  She rubbed her fingertips across the petals. “Let me just put these in the kitchen, and we can go.”
I watched her derriere appreciatively as she walked past me into the kitchen. She said something indecipherable to her grandmother and then joined me back in the living room.
“Ready?” I asked, offering her my elbow.
“Yes,” she answered, entwining her arm with mine.
I walked her to the car, opened the door, and assisted her in. As I walked to my side of the car, I found that I was more than a little eager to begin this date.
We started out at one of Quail Mountain’s nicer restaurants. While it wasn’t a black tie affair, it did offer candlelit dinners and soft music. We were escorted to a table tucked away in the back corner of the restaurant. Her gold dress shimmered in the candlelight, and I admired the view.
We made small talk over steak dinners and devoured chocolate-covered strawberries for dessert while drinking ginger ale in champagne flutes.
“What were you like as a little boy?” she asked, her tall, narrow glass hovering inches from her lips.
I sat up a little straighter. “You can never ask normal questions, can you?  Like what do you want to be when you grow up?  Or what’s your favorite color?”
“I want to know,” she said softly, beckoning me with her eyes to spill all of my innermost secrets. “You told me that you and your brothers rode dirt bikes. Now tell me the rest.”
“It’s really not that interesting.”
“It is to me.”
My heart turned a flip when I heard the sincerity in her voice.
“Please, Stone,” she pleaded. “I want to know more about you.”  
Why did I struggle with this?  She was going to find out about me sooner or later. Why didn’t I just lay it all out there?
I knew why. I was terrified that she wouldn’t like what she saw. I had mastered the art of covering my insecurities with an outward appearance of bold confidence. Sometimes, I felt the confidence. Sometimes, I didn’t. But at some point, I was going to have to trust someone with my secrets. Either that or live a very lonely life. 
“I’ll make you a deal,” I offered. “Let’s go back to my place. We can watch the sunset on the patio and play a round of twenty questions. But for every question you ask me, I get to ask you one, too.”
“Deal.”  There was no hesitation in her answer. A wide smile crossed her face, and her eyes were glowing with anticipation. I hoped I didn’t come to regret the deal. Dara’s curiosity was bound to go in directions that I would find uncomfortable.
Forty minutes later, we were on my back patio. I leaned back into a chaise lounge and motioned for Dara to sit with me. My legs straddled the lounger and her tiny frame fit easily between my thighs, as she leaned back against my chest. 
The sun exploded into a myriad of pinks and oranges as its rays streaked the skies and tinted the clouds. As it dipped below the mountainous horizon, the brilliant, fiery colors gave way to purples and blues. Stars dappled the night sky, and a crescent moon was partially obscured by cloud cover.
“Okay,” I whispered, when the sun and moon had completed their changing of the guard. “Ask me a question.”  I was relieved that night had fallen. Somehow, the darkness offered me a modicum of relief against the exposure I would surely suffer as a result of her questioning.
She sighed softly as if she were trying to decide which question was worthy of initiating the conversation.
“What were you like as a little boy?”
“Always into trouble. Much like I am now.”
“You don’t seem like that much of a troublemaker to me. At least not now that I know you better. When’s the last time that you were in trouble?”
I wrapped my arms around her waist. “You already asked your question,” I admonished, while she began stroking my hands with her fingertips. “It’s my turn.”
“Are you going to ask me what my favorite color is?” she asked.
“I already know that your favorite color is pink,” I answered. “Why would I waste my question?”
“I never told you that was my favorite color.”
“You didn’t have to. You wear strawberry-flavored pink lip gloss every day. You have more pink clothing than any other color, and let’s not forget those brown-and-pink boots that you were wearing your first day of work.”
“You remember what I wore on my first day?” she asked, a little surprised.
“It’s still not your turn, but yes, I remember. It’s not every day that I let some random girl use the towel that’s usually reserved for my motorcycle.”
She clicked her tongue. “Lucky me. I know what a difficult decision that was for you.”
“You have no idea. Now, let me ask you a question.”
“Shoot.”
“What’s your favorite book?”
She pushed herself into a sitting position and turned to look at me. “My favorite book?”
“Yeah, you know one of those things with a picture on the cover and lots of pages of words in the middle?” I teased.
“Obviously, I know what a book is. I just didn’t expect….”
“What?  You didn’t expect me to know what a book was?”
She laughed. “You run a bookstore. Of course, I know you know what a book is. I just didn’t realize that you were interested in them. You seem to be more of the outdoorsy type, than the sit-inside-and-read type.”
“Luke liked to read.”
“Luke was your twin?” she asked.
“Yes. I guess you could say he was the good twin. He didn’t cause our parents nearly as much stress as I did. You wondered what I was like when I was younger. I pushed the limits.”
“And I imagine you still do,” she said teasingly. “Did Luke have a favorite book?”
“I don’t know. I never asked him, and now, I’ll never get the chance. But I can still ask you.”
“It would be impossible for me to pick a favorite book. I like reading romance. I think because they always have happily-ever-after endings, you know?  Life is hard enough. When I read, I want to go to another world that makes me feel warm and fuzzy.”
I leaned toward her and kissed her lightly on the lips, maybe because I understood what she meant. Maybe because I agreed. Life could definitely be hard. For the first time in a very long time, I wanted to make someone else’s life a little bit easier, and part of me hoped that she could make my life a little easier, too.
“Do you miss him?” she asked so softly that I barely heard her voice.
I felt the pressure build in my chest, magnifying the aching hollow of my heart. A raw wedge of pain crept into my throat, and I swallowed, trying to tamp down the emotions that roiled within me. It took me a moment before I trusted my voice to speak. “I will always miss him. When he died, I felt like a chunk of my own heart was ripped out of my chest. They say that time heals all wounds, but I don’t know. It’s been three years, and it still hurts like hell.”
“I’m sorry,” she whispered, laying her hand gently on mine.
I closed my eyes, allowing her touch to soothe me. “That’s life.”
“What about Dylan?” she asked. “What’s he like?”
“Dylan has everything going for him. Girls think he’s hot. Not as hot as me, of course.”
“Of course,” she agreed without missing a beat.
“In all seriousness, he’s a really good guy. Good grades come easy to him, so my parents think he’s awesome sauce. Oh, and did I mention that he hates me?”
“Hates you?”
“Hard to believe, isn’t it?” I said dryly.
“Why would he hate you?” she asked.
“It’s a very long story.”  And it was a story that didn’t paint me in a very favorable light, not that there were any stories that did.
“I have plenty of time,” she said.
“Oh, no,” I countered. “I think I’ve met my quota of confessions for one night. It’s your turn.”
“Okay. Ask me something.”
I studied her profile in the glowing moonlight, wondering what I would most like to know. “What did you think about me the first time you saw me?”
“Is this a trick question?” she asked, cocking her head in my direction.
“No. I just wondered what your first impression was of me.”
“You want me to be honest?”
“Of course.”
She hesitated. “I thought you were good-looking, which you obviously already knew.”
“Conceited and a badass,” I whispered.
She nodded her head in agreement. “Mostly conceited. But you were also very dark and broody. You seemed a little scary.”
I scoffed. “Scary?”
“Yes, scary. Like a volcano that’s just waiting to erupt. You always look so serious. And then there’s your reputation with the girls.”
I smiled into the darkness. “My reputation?”
“You’re known for hanging out with…less scrupulous girls.”
“Less scrupulous?”
“I’m trying to be nice. You know what I mean.”
“Where does that leave you?  I’m hanging out with you. Does that mean you’re less scrupulous?”
She thumped my chest with the heel of her palm. I laughed and pulled her against me, cradling her in my arms, her cheek resting against my chest. “Aren’t you afraid that I’ll corrupt you?”
“Aren’t you afraid that I’ll make you behave?”
I chuckled, trying to imagine this tiny wisp of a girl keeping me in line. “And how do you intend to do that?  You going to spank me?  Because I have a feeling that might have the opposite effect.”
“We, girls, have our ways.”
I caressed her bare shoulders with my fingertips as I imagined all the ways that I hoped she would try to keep me in line. We fell into a comfortable silence as we lounged in the silver moonlight. She tilted her face up toward me, and I couldn’t resist the chance to kiss her. She wrapped her hand around my neck, pulling me to her as she deepened the kiss. Dara Golding responded to my touch. That didn’t surprise me, but I was surprised by how happy that made me.
Slowly, she pulled away, caressing my cheek with her hand. “Did Luke look just like you?”
“No, Luke and I are…were fraternal twins, so we weren’t identical. We did look a lot alike, but it was our behavior that really gave us away. Luke was much quieter than I. He read a lot, and I was usually the one getting into mischief. While we both rode motorcycles, I rode more often than he did, and I was more of a daredevil, I guess you could say, while he liked to play it safe. It took me forever to get him to jump a ramp. Every time he would get close to the ramp, he’d slow down and come to a screeching halt. But he finally did it. He would do anything I wanted him to do. In fact, my mother used to tell us that we were monkey see, monkey do. Luke would watch me and try to imitate whatever I was doing.”
“Do you have a picture of him?”
“I have a photo album in my room. Come on, and I’ll show you.”
She followed me to my bedroom. I motioned for her to sit on my bed, while I pulled a photo album out of a dresser drawer. I handed it to her, and she opened the cover, smiling immediately when she saw the first page.
“Y’all were cute babies. And look, y’all are dressed alike.”
“You can thank our mother for that.”
I sat beside her, the mattress dipping under my weight. She turned the page, and I pointed to a photo of us when we were five. “That’s when we got our first motorcycle.”
“Y’all look too small to be riding a motorcycle.”
“We loved it.”  She continued flipping through the photos and paused when she came to the last photo we had taken before he was killed. We were sixteen. 
“Y’all did look a lot alike.”
I pointed. “That’s me. This was the last photo we had taken together.”
She studied the photo a moment longer and gently closed the book, handing it to me. “I’m sorry that you lost him,” she said softly.
“I am, too. All the stuff that you hear about twins having a close connection…it’s true, even for fraternal twins. I bet Crimson and Scarlet could tell you some stories.”
“I can remember when Scarlet had to get stitches in her forehead. Crimson cried and complained that her forehead hurt, too. She wasn’t screaming as loud as Scarlet, though.”
I could recall similar stories between Luke and me. “I know the moment that he died.”
“You do?”
“I had come home from the hospital to get some sleep. My parents were still there. I went to bed and was awakened with an intense pain all through my torso. I remember feeling nauseous, and my body hurt so bad, I thought I was going to pass out. I wanted to pass out. Then, the pain just disappeared, and it was replaced with an intense feeling of peace. It wasn’t long after that when my parents called to tell me that he had died.”
“So you could feel what he was feeling?” she asked, her eyes wide. 
“Yes, I assume that I was.”
“That’s unbelievable.”
I turned to replace the album in the drawer, when I heard her soft voice, “What happened to him?”
“Remember when I told you about Tiffany?” I asked, still facing the wall as I quietly closed the dresser drawer.
“Yes.”
I sat back down beside her on the bed. “At that point in time, I thought Tiffany was the most beautiful girl that I had ever seen, and I had the worst crush on her. The only problem was that she liked Luke.”
To say it out loud brought all the emotions racing back. All the guilt. All the fear. I would never escape it. Never. “Dammit!” I shouted, standing up quickly and walking to the window. I pushed the curtain to the side and gazed at the view of the mountains.
Dara’s fingertips were on my arm. “What is it, Stone?”
“It should’ve been me. Luke didn’t deserve to die.”
“What are you talking about?” she asked.
I couldn’t look at Dara. I closed my eyes, wishing that all the pain would go away, but knowing that it wouldn’t. This storm had brewed in my soul for so long, there was no escaping.
“Talk to me, Stone. Make me understand. I want to be here for you. I want to know what you’re feeling, but if you shut me out….”
“Do yourself a favor, Dara. Let me take you home. Then, stay away from me.”
“What if I don’t want to stay away?”
“Then you’re making a grave mistake.”
My eyes were riveted to a group of trees across the valley. I couldn’t bring myself to look at Dara, to know the kind of person that I was, to know the baggage that I had. She deserved better. Hell, her life had already been tough enough.
Her fingertips caressed the side of my face, but I held my gaze on the trees. 
“Stone, I see the good in you,” she whispered. “Tell me what’s bothering you. Surely, it can’t be as bad as all of that.”
“You don’t know me, Dara.”
“I know enough. I know that you loved Luke and that he wouldn’t want you to hurt like this.”
I pressed my forehead against the cool windowpane. 
“Talk to me, Stone,” she urged gently.
“Luke knew Tiffany liked him, and he knew that I liked Tiffany.”
“What about him?  Did he like Tiffany?”
“Not as much as I did. I was so jealous, Dara. I wanted Tiffany for myself.”
“What happened?”
“I goaded him. I told him that he would never have the nerve to kiss her, and he told me that he would.
“So I dared him to kiss her that very night. I told him that if he didn’t, then I was going to kiss her the next day.”
“What happened?”
“Her family had rented a summer cabin not far from here. I dared him to ride his motorcycle to her house and kiss her. I never thought he’d do it.”
“But he did?”
“He did. On his way back home, he was going around a really bad curve around the mountain, and he was hit by a car that had crossed the center line. He died a few days later.”
“Stone, I’m so sorry.”
“So you see, Dara. If I had never dared him to do it, he would’ve been home that night.”  Grief and guilt consumed me. I wished for the millionth time that I was the one who had died.
Her fingers were in my hair, and she cooed softly to me. “It’s not your fault, Stone.”
“It should’ve been me,” I whispered, unable to hide the agony in my voice. “Dara, I need to be alone. Let me take you home.”



Chapter 8


Dara

I looked at my reflection in the mirror as I held tightly to the curling iron, counted to twenty, and waited for the heat to turn my slightly curly hair into the perfect ringlet. My date with Stone ended somewhat abruptly after our discussion about his brother, Luke. I had been surprised that he had opened up about the accident, even if it was only briefly. While I hadn’t been ready to go home, I was pleased that he trusted me enough to speak to me about a very private matter, and I considered it to be a small victory.
I finished curling my hair, ran my fingers through it, and coated the finished style in a generous amount of hair spray. I checked my makeup one last time and left the bathroom to find my messenger bag.
“Granny, I’m leaving for work,” I called through the house as I went to the living room and picked the car keys up from the coffee table.
“Okay,” she yelled from the kitchen. “If I’m not here when you get home, then I’m with George.”
I smiled as I walked out the front door. Granny was spending more and more time with Mr. Milton. Seeing old people date was just so darn cute.
When I pulled Granny’s car into a parking spot at the bookstore, I wondered if Stone had already arrived. I entered the front door and saw Tom perched on his usual stool, his eyes focused on the computer screen. A pencil, presumably tucked behind his ear, disappeared into his shaggy hair.
“Morning, Tom!” I called, unable to hide the excitement of the day from my voice. I had been so thrilled that Stone had opened up to me last night, and I hoped that it meant that our relationship had just taken a more serious turn.
“Good morning, Dara,” he replied, brushing his hair out of his eyes. “I have good news. Our sales have been up the last few days.”
“That is good news. Does Stone know?”
“Yeah. We discussed it earlier this morning.”
“So he’s already here?” I asked.
“He left. He was running a few errands for his parents, but he’ll be back in a little while.”
I sent him a text message to call me when he got a chance. Crimson and Scarlet were supposed to be at their shop across the street today, and I wanted to tell him. I had checked on bookmarkers and thought it would be a great way to advertise to their clientele. 
As the morning progressed, I stocked inventory, cleaned the store, and checked out customers. Stone hadn’t answered my text message. I reasoned that he was probably spending much of the morning driving, but I was still a little disheartened that he hadn’t responded to me.
When it was time for me to take lunch, I ordered a pizza and had it delivered to Scarlet and Crimson’s shop across the street. 
“How long do you think it will take to get the shop ready?” I asked them as we sat in the floor, devouring a pepperoni pizza.
“Dad’s supposed to come this evening and help us install our styling stations and arrange the barber chairs. The plumber will be here tomorrow to hook up our shampoo stations. I have a zebra print rug and several black chairs that should arrive tomorrow for our lobby. All of our general supplies should arrive by the end of the week. So, I think we could have everything ready to go in three weeks or so,” Scarlet answered.
“I brought some of our magazines from home,” Crimson told Scarlet. “I grabbed the hair style books, too.”
“Good deal,” Scarlet said. “We should be styling in no time.”
“So how’d your date go last night?” Crimson asked me.
“It went pretty well,” I replied. “I’m starting to feel a little more comfortable around him now, but there’s just something about him that makes me feel like I’ve been zapped by a lightning bolt, and I have tiny little shocks of electricity radiating through my body. Have y’all ever felt that before?”
“Can’t say that I have,” Crimson answered.
“Me, either,” Scarlet answered.
“I want to, though,” Crimson said. “Maybe if I could ever get Mike to kiss me.”
“I told you, Crimson. You’d have to stop talking first, and the chances of that happening aren’t good,” Scarlet informed her.
Crimson rolled her eyes.
“I guess I’d better be getting back to work,” I said.
I stood and looked out the plate glass window. I could hear the hum of a motorcycle, and I searched the road until my eyes found Stone. “There he is now.”
He pulled into the parking lot and disappeared around the back of the building.
“If you hurry, you can engage in some serious lip-locking before he gets in the building,” Crimson suggested, her lips curving into a smile.
“Maybe I will,” I said, laughing. “And while I’m at it, I’m going to tell Stone to tell Mike that he should lay one on you.”
Crimson inhaled sharply. “You wouldn’t?”
“Do you want to get kissed or don’t you?” Scarlet asked.
“Don’t you dare,” Crimson warned as I walked out the building.
I waved bye and rushed off to greet Stone. 
Walking around the outside of the building, I caught him standing by the bike and removing his helmet. “Hey!”
He looked up and smiled. “Hey, Dara.”
“Is everything okay?”
“Fine. Why?”
“No reason. Tom said you were running some errands. I just wanted to make sure everything was okay.”
“Yeah, everything’s fine. Listen. About last night. I’d appreciate it if you kept our conversation between the two of us.”
“Of course.”
“Luke meant a lot to me. He still does, and I just don’t discuss him with many people.”
“Your secrets are safe with me, Stone.”
He brushed his fingertips across my cheek and smiled. “Thanks, Dara.”  He gave me a chaste kiss on the lips and walked inside.
I had hoped to have him to myself for a few minutes, but I followed him into the building. “Tom told me that sales have been up the last few days.”
“Yeah,” Stone said. “Let’s hope the trend continues.”
“I priced some bookmarkers if you want to get some to put in Crimson and Scarlet’s salon.”
“Yeah, babe. That’s a great idea. Why don’t we start with a thousand?”
“I’ll get them ordered today.”
“Tom can give you the phone number for Laura, our graphic designer. She already has our logo file. Once she designs the bookmarker, she’ll send you the file, and you can get them ordered,” Stone said.
“Okay. I’ll talk to Tom.”  I trailed behind Stone as he went through the kitchen and into the front of the store. He seemed preoccupied. I had hoped that he might mention last night and how he thought our date went, but he seemed to be all business.
I talked to Tom briefly, and he gave me Laura’s phone number. I watched the cash register and worked on the bookmarker order while Tom went to lunch.
My mother was never far from my mind. I kept wondering whether she would make an appearance today, but I knew better than to get my hopes up. In all honesty, I couldn’t help but wonder what had made her drop by Granny’s the other day after all these years. Why now?  I had accepted the fact that she was gone, that she would never be back. And yet, she had come back.
I scolded myself for wasting any time even worrying about it. I had wasted too much time thinking about her over the years. Unless she showed up again, then I wasn’t going to even consider the possibilities. That way, I didn’t set myself up for disappointment.
The doorbell chimed as more customers entered the bookstore. I could tell that business had picked up since we had started advertising, and I desperately hoped it would be enough to make Stone’s father happy.
The doorbell chimed again. I smiled as I glanced in the direction of the door, but my smile quickly dissipated when I realized that it was Jessie. I knew that she and Stone had been dating for a while, but I was a little shocked at the unexpected feelings of jealousy that bloomed in the pit of my stomach.
As always, she was dressed in an alluring miniskirt, and her long, slender legs ended in a pair of sexy high heels. I couldn’t keep myself from watching as she sashayed between two rows of shelves and went straight to Stone, who was putting out inventory and straightening merchandise. When she kissed him on the cheek, I turned my head. Stone had asked me to be his girlfriend, and I had declined. I knew I had no right to be jealous, but that didn’t stop the emotion from coursing through my body.
I checked out a customer and tried to focus on the fact that it was a great sale. The customer had bought several books and movies, and I knew that these types of sales would go a long way in getting the numbers up enough to please Stone’s father.
I glanced at Stone, and he was smiling at Jessie and apparently deep in conversation. I could never remember feeling jealous like this with Chance, and I hated the feeling. Jessie laughed, her attention focused solely on Stone. I desperately wished that I could go to the kitchen or out the back or anywhere where I didn’t have to watch them together, but since Tom was still at lunch and I was watching the cash register, I had no choice but to remain here.
Focusing on the buttons on the cash register, I refused to look at them again. I felt like an intruder, and I had no intention of allowing my jealousy to get the best of me. Stone was free to do as he pleased. And so was I.
I was more than a little relieved when she finally left. As the day progressed, a steady stream of customers continued to browse and make purchases. Stone had said little to me throughout the day, but I was due to get off in five minutes, and he now approached me.
“Do you have plans tonight?” he asked from the other side of the counter.
“Not really.”
“Good. I’ll pick you up at seven, and we’ll go eat at Awesome Sauce.”
His clear blue eyes studied me as he waited for me to agree. “Sounds good,” I said.
“See you at seven.”  He rushed out the back of the store, while I went out the front door to climb in Granny’s old car. I wondered if my mother would be there when I got home.
In Tennessee, the month of July brought horrible humidity and scorching temperatures. Having the windows down on the way home did little to keep me from perspiring. 
When I pulled into the driveway, Granny was rocking on the front porch.
“Hey!” I called as I got out of the car. “You’re not with Mr. Milton?”
“He’ll be here in a few minutes.”
I climbed the porch steps. “Have you seen my mother today?”
“No, honey,” Granny answered. “I haven’t seen hide nor hair of her.”
“No big deal,” I said. “I didn’t expect her to show up anyway.”
“I’m sorry, Dara.”
“It’s okay, Granny. I was just wondering. I have a date with Stone tonight, so I’m going to go in and take a shower.”
“Y’all have fun. I’ll probably be gone with George by the time you get out.”
“Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do, Granny.”
“I would tell you the same thing, but then I think, no, I’d better not.”
“Granny!” I shouted in feigned indignation. She had always acted much younger than her age, but since she had started dating Mr. Milton, I would swear that she was reliving her teenage years.
I opened the screen door.
“Dara,” Granny said, her voice sounding much more serious. 
I turned back to look at Granny.
“On second thought, I think I’ll have George wait with me on the porch until you leave, just in case your mother does show up.”
I shot Granny a small smile. Since the day I had been dropped into her lap, Granny had always put me over her own pleasures. “Granny, go have a good time with Mr. Milton. I don’t want my mother to keep us from having fun tonight. Most likely, she won’t show. If she does, I promise I’ll call you immediately.”
Granny looked at me hesitantly. “It’s hard for me to believe that you’re all grown up now. I’m so proud of the young lady that you’ve become.”
“You’ve done a good job, Granny.”
She pursed her lips, and her eyes glistened. “My sweet, sweet Dara. What would me and Papa have done without you?  You gave us a reason to get up in the morning.”
Letting go of the screen door, I went to her, hugged her neck, and kissed her on the cheek. I heard a car pull into the driveway, and I looked up to see Mr. Milton peering over the steering wheel while he navigated the graveled drive. I turned back to her. “I love you, Granny. Now go have fun.”
She patted my hand. “I love you, too, honey.”  She wiped her eyes and stood up. “How do I look?”
“Beautiful. Mr. Milton’s going to have a hard time resisting a hottie like you.”
She smiled. “I hope so.”  She sprang down the steps while Mr. Milton walked around the car and opened the passenger side door for her. When she reached him, she paused and called to me, “Call me if you need me.”
“I will,” I promised, waving to her. “Bye.”
She waved back at me, and I watched as they both got in the car and backed down the driveway.
I glanced at the time on my cell phone and rushed inside to take a shower, so that I would have enough time to get ready before Stone arrived.
I chose my favorite pair of blue jean shorts, a white fitted tank top with off-the-shoulder puffy sleeves, which showed off my tan, and a pair of brown cowboy boots. I was just finishing up my makeup when I heard a knock at the door. 
When I pulled the front door open, Stone nearly took my breath away. He wore a fashionable pair of blue jeans with a black, V-neck, pullover shirt that clung to his sleek, muscular physique. The V-neck exposed the promise of well-defined pectoral muscles, and I wanted to reach out and trace his neckline with my fingertips, though I didn’t dare do it. His ice blue eyes were clear and focused on me, and I trembled at his close perusal.
I could feel my heart pumping furiously, and I wondered if I would ever be immune to his nearness. I breathed deeply, allowing the sexy scent of his cologne to fuel the fire already burning deep within me.
He cracked a smile. “Oh, yeah, you want me.”
I reached out and thumped him on the chest with my palm, though I wasn’t sure if it was really in indignation or if it just gave me a reason to touch him as I had wanted to do since I first opened the door. “Do not.”
He stepped over the threshold, pulling me into his arms, and whispered in my ear, “Oh, but you do. And I want you, too.”
Before I could process his words, his lips were on mine. He kissed me tenderly at first, and then his kiss deepened, leaving a trail of fire blazing through my body. By the time he pulled away, I was breathless, and I could do nothing but stare into his smoldering eyes.
His warm fingertips traced my bare shoulders. “In case you’ve forgotten, your name is Dara Golding.”
I thumped his chest again. “I’m going to have a serious talk with Granny about keeping my secrets, but in the meantime, don’t let my comment go to your head.”  Dramatically, I pointed my finger in the air, as if I had forgotten something. “Oh, wait, it would be impossible for you to be any more conceited than you already are.”
He laughed and tugged me back into his embrace. “Conceited and a badass,” he whispered in my ear.
“What was that?  What did you say?” I asked, pretending that I couldn’t make out his words. “Conceited and an asshat?”
Stone guffawed. “I see your hearing is as bad as your memory,” he said much too loudly.
“What did you say?” I shouted, feigning difficulty in understanding him for a second time.
He laughed boisterously again, fished his phone from his pocket, and began texting furiously.
I watched him, wondering if he had gotten a message, maybe from his mother or Mike or even worse, Jessie.
My phone vibrated in my pocket, and I pulled it out and looked at the screen, surprised that I had a new text message from Stone. I smiled and opened the message. 
Nothing will keep me from taking u out 2night. Not ur bad hearing or ur bad memory. Dara Golding (that would b u), r u ready to go eat?
I bit my lower lip and tapped out a reply. Only if you let me drive. :)  
Drive what?
Your motorcycle, of course. ;)
Stone laughed out loud and texted again. U will never catch me riding on the back of a motorcycle. But I will let u rev my engine.
I finished reading the text and squealed when Stone unexpectedly scooped me up. My feet flailed in the air as they dangled over his right arm, and I giggled like a ten-year-old. Being held in his muscular arms and breathing in the heady scent of his cologne made me giddy. I didn’t know what it was about Stone Hamilton, but when I was near him, all of my senses went haywire. I had never felt this way around another guy.
He lowered me to my feet and pulled me against his body, one palm flattened against my back holding me firmly in place, and he kissed me, slowly, gently, purposely. His lips were soft and warm against mine, and he tasted of cinnamon. Gradually, he ended the kiss and rested his forehead against mine. “Have I told you how beautiful you are tonight?” he whispered.
“No, I don’t think you have.”
He stepped back and held me at arm’s length. “You’re freakin’ gorgeous.”
I could feel my face burning a brilliant shade of red. “You look nice, too.”
“I look nice?”
I nodded my head.
“I look nice?  Come on, Dara. You can do better than that.”
“You’re very handsome.”
“Handsome?” he repeated. “Don’t you find me sexy?”
I nodded my head affirmatively. 
“Then tell me.”
I stared at him, horrified. What did he want me to say?  I had already admitted that he was handsome and that I found him sexy.
He closed the distance between us and whispered in my ear. “Tell me that I’m a sexy beast.”
“You’re a beast, alright,” I blurted, gently pushing him back a step. “Fish for compliments often?”
He chuckled softly. “What guy doesn’t want to hear those words from a creature as beautiful as you?
“Okay,” he continued, “my ego is wounded. I guess we should go now.”
“Your ego wounded?  A sexy beast like you?”  I clicked my tongue and shook my head. “Impossible.”
He laughed again. “I’ll take it. Now, we can go with my ego fully intact.”
I locked up the house and followed Stone to his bike. The wind on the ride to Awesome Sauce felt fabulous against my skin, and it wasn’t difficult to see why Stone loved his motorcycle so much. My arms were wrapped around his muscular torso, and my heart beat frantically in my chest as my body molded to his. If there was one thing that I had to admit about Stone Hamilton, besides the fact that he was dangerous, it was that he was exciting.
Awesome Sauce was packed. As we walked in, I waved at Crimson and Scarlet, who were sitting with Chance and another guy that I couldn’t recognize from the back. I wondered if it was Mike, but the mystery guy was quickly forgotten when I saw Jessie sitting at a booth closer to us, her eyes focused on Stone. A twinge of jealousy ricocheted through my body, and I forced myself to ignore the unwanted emotion.
Stone’s warm hand encompassed mine, fingers intertwined, and he led me to a booth on the opposite side of the building.
He sat beside me, his arm resting protectively around my shoulders, his fingers gently stroking my upper arm. “Do you know what you want to eat?”
I stared at the unopened, red-and-beige menu lying on the tabletop. I didn’t need to look at it. Eating at Awesome Sauce was practically a daily event for many of my friends and me. Stone and I agreed to split an order of nachos, and we each ordered a sweet tea.
While we waited for our food to arrive, I tried to make small talk. “Are you excited about your parents coming home?”
“I wouldn’t exactly say that I’m excited.”
“Don’t you miss them?”
He grunted, and I had no idea how to decipher it. I tried to fill the silence. “I know I’d miss Granny if she was gone for very long.”
“It’s funny, isn’t it?  How different people’s lives are,” he mused, still stroking my arm.
“You know what else is funny?” I asked. “How much difference one person can make in your life.”  I paused, and then added, “And how much difference you can make in one person’s life.”
“Time out,” Stone announced. “We sound like a couple of sixty-year-old philosophers, sitting around in velvet robes, writing on scrolls with quill pens, trying to solve the meaning of life. Shouldn’t we be talking about something more age appropriate?”
I looked at him and grinned. “I don’t know. I think you might look kinda sexy in a velvet robe.”
“Of course, I would. I’m a sexy beast,” he informed me, a lascivious grin on his face.
“What did you say?” I asked, cupping my hand around my ear as if I couldn’t hear him. “Did you say you’re a sexist pig?”
He laughed. “Just for that, I won’t wear my velvet robe for you.”
“Oh, darn,” I muttered as our server brought our sweet teas. “And I was so looking forward to that.”
“Did you hear anything else from your mother?” he asked quietly.
“Nope. Not a word.”
“Are you okay with that?”  He watched me with concerned eyes, and I was touched that he was checking on my welfare.
“It’s exactly what I expected. So, yeah, I’m okay with that.”
He squeezed my shoulders affectionately and patted my arm. “You’ve always got Granny.”
“Yeah, Granny’s my rock.”
The nachos were good, as always. Stone would pick some of the chips with the most toppings on them and feed them to me. I couldn’t help but imagine us lounging around in togas feeding grapes to each other. I wasn’t sure where the historical theme had come from tonight, but between the velvet robe and the toga, I wondered why I was picturing Stone in a dress. He was such a guy’s guy. Maybe that’s what made it so amusing. Then again, with his rock-hard muscles and undeniable good looks, he could probably pull it off. I figured while I was at it, I may as well picture him in a kilt, maybe playing a set of bagpipes. Or riding his motorcycle. I laughed out loud at that one. Somehow, I didn’t think a kilt and a motorcycle would be a good combination.
“What is it?” he asked, looking at me suspiciously.
“Nothing,” I answered, unable to wipe the silly grin from my face.
“You’re not a good liar, Dara,” he pointed out.
“Are you?” I asked.
He looked at me and frowned. “I’m good at everything.”
I burst out laughing. “Not everything.”
“What am I not good at?” he asked as if issuing a challenge.
“Modesty, for starters,” I answered. “And you’re not a very good kisser.”
It was his turn to laugh. “And I already told you that you’re not a good liar. But I guess if I’m not a good kisser, then I’ll have to wait for you to show me how it’s done. You have my word that I won’t kiss you again until you kiss me.”
He was right, of course. He was a fantastic kisser, but I refused to feed his ego. 
“Are you ready to blow this joint?” he asked, raking his long fingers through his dark hair.
“Sure.”
“It’s your night. Where do you want to go?” he asked.
“You want to see what’s on at the movies?”  It had been a while since I had been at the theater. 
“Movies it is,” he said, sliding out of the booth with our check in his hand.
After Stone paid the check, we left the restaurant and walked to his motorcycle. He handed me my helmet.
“Dammit,” he ground out between clenched teeth.
“What?” I asked, unsure of what had made him angry.
He pointed to a piece of paper, rolled up and wedged in his handlebars. “You see that?” he asked.
“What is it?  Did you get a ticket?” I asked.
“It’s one of those damn notes from your ex-boyfriend.”
I hadn’t thought much about the notes since the last time Stone confronted Chance, but I couldn’t see Chance doing something like that. “What does it say?”
Stone snatched the note up and unrolled it. “Dara’s not the one for you.”
My breath caught. Why would Chance do that?  I knew he had mentioned getting back together, but he knew how I felt.
Stone glanced around the parking lot. “There he is now.”
I quickly followed his line of vision. He had zeroed in on a small group of teens standing near Chance’s red convertible. It was Chance, Scarlet, Chloe, and Brandy, all friends from school.
“Just let it go,” I begged.
Stone looked at me incredulously, his eyes igniting like blue flames. “He’s been coming to my house, the bookstore, and now here to leave me notes warning me to stay away from you, and you want me to let it go?”
“It’s not worth it, Stone.”
He started crossing the parking lot in a fury. I chased after him. “Stone, wait. Please.”
He paused long enough to glance back at me. “He started it Dara, and I’m going to finish it.”
“Stone!”  My pleas fell on deaf ears. He was determined to confront Chance, and there wasn’t a thing I could do about it.
“Hey!” Stone yelled as he approached Chance. “You want to say it to my face?”
“Are you talking to me?” Chance asked.
“Yeah, I’m talking to you. I see you’ve left me another note. Why don’t you be a man and say it to my face?”
“What are you talking about?” Chance asked nonchalantly.
Stone held the note in the air. “Your notes that you leave on my motorcycle warning me to stay away from Dara.”
“Dude, I haven’t left you any notes.”
Stone continued toward Chance until he was standing nose to nose with him. Scarlet, Chloe, and Brandy all scooted back, clearly in shock.
“Who else would leave me notes warning me to stay away from Dara?” Stone asked caustically.
“I don’t know, but it wasn’t me.”
Catching up with Stone, I grabbed his arm in an attempt to pull him back. He didn’t budge. “Come on, Stone. We’ll figure this out.”
“What’s there to figure out?” Stone asked. “Chance does want to get back together with you, doesn’t he?”
“I would take her back in a heartbeat,” Chance said, not backing down from Stone’s angry glare. “But I didn’t leave you those notes.”
Stone’s hands were curled into fists at his sides. I pushed my way between them and placed my palm on Stone’s chest. “Let’s go, Stone.”
“Admit it” Stone grumbled to Chance. “Be a man and admit it, so that I can put an end to it right now.”
“If I had done it, I would admit it,” Chance said, his voice staying even. “Your problem is not with me.”
“Stone,” I whispered. “I’ve known Chance a long time. If he said he didn’t do it, then he didn’t do it.”
For the first time since we arrived, Stone tore his gaze away from Chance and looked at me. “Who else would’ve done it?  Who else would be stalking us?”
“I don’t know,” I whispered. “But it wasn’t Chance.”
Stone turned his glare back on Chance. “You’re lucky she’s here. If I find out that you left those notes, I will be back for you.”
“I didn’t leave any notes, but I will say it to your face. You don’t deserve Dara. It’s only a matter of time until she’s back with me.”
Stone exploded. Before I even had time to react, he had pulled me out of the way with his left hand and pummeled Chance’s jaw with his right fist.
Chance staggered backwards, and I rushed to put myself between the two of them. “Stone,” I said in the most authoritative voice I could muster. “Let’s go.”
Stone continued glaring at Chance. I pushed him back a couple of steps. “Come on, Stone.”  I tugged on his arm, and reluctantly, he followed me. I was relieved that Chance hadn’t made a move to retaliate; otherwise, it would have been difficult to break the two of them up.
I didn’t know what had possessed Chance to antagonize Stone when he was already angry.
When we got back to Stone’s motorcycle, I glanced at Chance, who was smiling as Scarlet, Chloe, and Brandy huddled back around him. His injuries were apparently not enough to keep him from appreciating the attention from his female companions, so I quickly dismissed any worries about his well-being.
“What was that?” I demanded.
“If he’s not leaving the notes, then who is?” Stone asked quietly, the muscles in his jaw working as he clenched his teeth.
“I don’t know.” 
“Are there any other guys after you?” he asked, his eyes watching my face intently.
“No, not that I know of.”  I paused. “Stone, you can’t go around hitting people.”
“Did you hear what he said to me?” Stone asked incredulously. “He was asking for it. What did you want me to do?  Let him stand there and insult me?”
“They were just words, words that didn’t mean anything.”
“They may not have meant anything to you, but you weren’t the one that he was insulting,” Stone said, anger still evident in his voice.
I had to admit that he was right. I hadn’t been the one insulted, but still…. My first thought was that guys are so very different than girls. But then when I thought about it again, even though I wasn’t the fighting type, I had seen girls get into fights over the same type of scenarios. Fighting just seemed pointless to me. I could understand defending yourself, but not throwing the first punch.
“You’re right. I wasn’t the one being insulted. But his comment wasn’t worth getting arrested over, and someone could have called the police.”
“Do you really think I’m afraid of getting arrested?”
“No. I don’t think you’re afraid of it, but I do think you’re smart enough to know I’m right.”
He leaned against his bike and stared at the ground, taking a deep breath. “You are right. I’m just so tired of people thinking that I’m not good enough.”
“Good enough for what?’ I asked.
“For anything that matters,” he said quietly. “For boarding school, for running a business.”  He reached up and caressed my cheek with his fingertips. “For you.”
“Then don’t get angry,” I whispered, catching his hand in mine and brushing a kiss across his knuckles. “Prove them wrong.”
He exhaled deeply, and a slow, sad smile spread across his face. “What if they’re not wrong?”
“Whether they’re wrong or not is up to you. You create your own destiny.”
He was quiet, and I wondered if he was thinking about my words. 
“Dara Golding,” he said, and then leaned in close and whispered, “That would be you.”  I slapped him on the arm, and he smiled and continued in his normal voice, “I think you’re good for me.”
My heart fluttered, and I smiled at him, thinking that perhaps that was the best compliment a guy had ever paid me. I quickly closed the distance between us, placed my palms along his chiseled jawline, and pressed my lips firmly to his.



Chapter 9

Stone

It was hard to believe that it was already the middle of July. During the last week, Dara and I had gone out every night, and I wondered how long it could last, knowing that I was bound to screw up soon. I pushed the warning thoughts out of my mind that Dara would expect more of me than most of the girls that I had dated during the last three years. I thought of her words often, that I was responsible for determining whether I proved people wrong or not. What I hadn’t told her was that I needed to prove myself wrong, that I was probably the one person who most believed that I didn’t deserve her.
And maybe I didn’t, but I wanted her.
I texted Tom and Dara to let them know that I’d be late getting to the bookstore today. I should’ve told Dara yesterday that I had to pick my parents up from the airport this morning, but I had held back.
I quickly showered and dressed and drove my mother’s car to the airport. I preferred my father’s car. I wasn’t supposed to drive it, though, and it really didn’t have enough room for their luggage.
As I waited in a hard, plastic chair for their plane to land, I wondered what they would think about Dara. I never introduced them to the girls that I dated, but Dara was different. Not only did I want to introduce her to them, but I also wanted them to like her.
I stared out the floor-to-ceiling window as a plane taxied in from the runway. Brilliant rays of sunshine broke out from behind a band of clouds, and I squinted as I forced my gaze inward, watching the dozen or so people who were waiting for loved ones or for their own flights to arrive.
“Stone?”
At the sound of my mother’s voice, I glanced up to see her and my father walking swiftly toward me. They were impeccably dressed, as always, and it looked like their European vacation had agreed with them. I stood and hugged my mother as she wrapped her arms around my neck. “Welcome home, Mom.”
My dad squeezed my shoulder in a firm grip. “It’s good to see you, son.”
“You, too, Dad.”
My mother looked young for her age. Thanks to healthy living and probably a dose of good genetics, she had no wrinkles to give away the fact that she was in her early forties. She had always been cognizant of her appearance, almost to a fault, and she looked very fashionable now with her dark slacks and red silk blouse. Her dark hair was pulled sleekly into a bun, and diamond earrings twinkled in her earlobes. 
My father also wore dark slacks with expensive Italian shoes and a crisp, white dress shirt. His dark hair was combed back off his forehead, and I had a feeling that if I fast forwarded twenty-five years, I could be looking in the mirror. He had a muscular physique thanks to the fabulous home gym that was in our basement and the fact that he made time to use it.
“How’s everything been in our absence?” my father asked as we made our way to the baggage claim area.
“Everything’s fine, Dad. I didn’t burn the house down or wreck your car.”
“You weren’t supposed to be driving my car,” he said, shooting me a stern glare.
“Yeah, I know,” I said, fully aware that he knew without being told that I had driven it.
“Have you spoken to Dylan?” Mom asked, clearly changing the subject.
“Dylan rarely calls me,” I answered.
“Phones work two ways, you know,” she commented.
“Yeah, I know.”  Mom was always the one spinning her wheels, trying to keep everybody happy, which was an impossible task.
“Have you given any thought to which college you want to attend?” Dad asked. 
I knew that was coming. It was a subject that he harped on constantly. No doubt he was having withdrawals since he hadn’t spoken to me much in recent weeks.
“Don’t you think I should wait and see if I graduate from high school first?” I asked.
“Stone, don’t antagonize your father,” my mother warned. “You will graduate from high school, and you know perfectly well that you need to plan ahead for college.”
“Maybe I don’t want to go to college,” I grumbled, frustrated that our conversations were usually one-sided. My parents gave me the freedom to say what I wanted, but whether they listened was an entirely different story.
“You can’t get a decent job without a college degree,” my father told me for the seven hundred and eighty-ninth time this year. I knew that the odds stacked in his favor. Most likely, I wouldn’t be able to get a decent job without a college degree, but it wasn’t impossible. The truth was that I hated having my choices taken from me. I felt like I had been stripped of all my decisions, all my rights, and force-fed my father’s version of what I would do with my life.
Since my father bought the bookstore a year ago, I had actually been thinking about going to college to major in business, but I wanted it to be my decision. There was no way I was going to mention it to either of my parents, though, because they would latch on to that like vamps on a vein and never let go.
My father plucked four, black suitcases from the conveyor belt and motioned for me to grab two of them.
We packed them into the trunk of my mother’s car, and my father slid in the driver’s seat, while my mother sat shotgun, and I hopped in the backseat.
My father turned the radio off, silencing the thumping rap that boomed from the speakers. “How have sales been at the bookstore?” he asked. 
I knew the question was coming. He had checked periodically while he and my mother were in Europe, but he would be relentless now that he was back. “We had a Fourth of July promotion, and since then, sales have increased.”
“By what percentage?” he asked in full business mode.
“I don’t know off the top of my head.”  I stared out the window, preparing myself for the miserable ride home. I wished I was screaming down the mountain on my crotch rocket, instead of being drilled.
“Son, how many times have I told you that you need to be aware of every facet of the business if you’re going to be successful?  I only had to tell Dylan one time, and he got the concept. Why do you refuse to listen to anything I have to say?”
“I was listening when you told me that micromanaging lowered morale of a business’s managers. You’re micromanaging.”  I knew that would piss him off, but it was the truth.
“Stone!” he growled, clearly aggravated by my comment. “I’m not micromanaging. I’m trying to teach you to be successful in business. You had a choice. You could come to Europe with us to learn other cultures and to tour sites of historical importance, or you could stay here and concentrate on learning the ins and outs of business.”
Like that was much of a choice.
“Not to mention that when you make the choice not to micromanage, you’d better be confident that you have a competent manager,” he added.
“Are you saying that I’m incompetent?” I asked, angry at his implication.
My mother spoke up this time, buffering as usual. “That’s not what he said, Stone,” she said softly, turning to look at me over her shoulder. “He’s just ensuring that you understand that you have to have a capable manager before you decide to turn them loose with your business.”
“And that even if you have a capable manager, you still have to be fully aware of everything that’s going on,” my father added.
“I do understand that,” I told them, more than a little frustrated.
“If sales aren’t where I need them to be by the end of July, then I will close Quail Mountain Books. I may have set the criteria, but this is your project. You’re the only one who can determine the outcome of the bookstore,” my father said.
“I know that,” I said, my voice growing louder. “How many times have you told me?”
“Apparently, not enough,” he grumbled.
I clenched my jaw, angry that he was insinuating that I was too stupid to comprehend his incessant droning. I didn’t flunk out of boarding school because I was ignorant. I flunked out because I didn’t give a shit. A difference that I would’ve thought my parents were intelligent enough to understand.
Most of the time, my test scores were fine. I just didn’t really give a crap about keeping up with homework. I had a modicum of success last year in public school, but it was probably because the amount of homework that was assigned every night was much less than the boatload that was mandatory at my previous school.
The rest of the ride home was made in silence, which suited me fine. I helped my father carry the luggage to their bedroom.
“Well, I’ve got to get to the bookstore,” I announced to my parents, as my father and I joined my mother in the great room.
“Thanks for picking us up,” Mom said, hugging me again.
“You’re welcome.”
I walked to the front door and made my exit before my dad found another topic that would make for a good lecture.
Relieved when I was out of the house, I walked swiftly toward my bike, eager to feel its power, to hear the hum of the engine, and to let the wind blow away any remnants of my frustration. I pulled the bike into a wheelie as I raced down the driveway. The bike’s soothing effect was immediate, and by the time I arrived at the store, most of my irritation had dissipated.
Once I arrived at the bookstore, I found Dara in the kitchen, rinsing out a glass. “Hey, Stone,” she called over the sound of the running water as she turned to look at me. “Where’ve you been?”  She put the glass in the dishwasher and turned to look at me with curious, green eyes.
“I went to pick my parents up from the airport,” I answered, leaning against the counter adjacent to her.
Her eyes widened, and her mouth dropped open. “Your parents are back?”
“Yep.”
“Are you glad?”
“If my life were any more blissful, I’d be chasing rainbows on the back of a unicorn,” I said with as much sarcasm as I could muster.
“It can’t be that bad,” she said, shooting me a look of disbelief.
“It’s not,” I agreed, “as long as I sneak in after they’ve gone to sleep and leave at the crack of dawn. But I don’t really want to talk about my parents right now.”
“Then what do you want to talk about?” she asked, cocking her head to the side, her golden hair hanging straight and silky in front of her shoulders.
I motioned for her to come to me. When she got closer, I reached out, grabbing her by the hips, and pulled her to me. “Who said I wanted to talk?” I whispered in her ear before I left a trail of kisses along her slender neckline. I could feel her body relaxing as it pressed against mine. I slid my hands around to her back as I kissed her gently on those shimmering pink lips, knowing that I’d be tasting strawberries soon. I skimmed my fingertips along the waist of her jeans and pushed my hands into her back pockets.
I felt a piece of paper with my left hand and snatched it out of her pocket as I pulled away from her. “What’s this?” I asked, holding it up where she could see it. “You’re not the one leaving notes on my motorcycle, are you?”
“No,” she scoffed, rolling her eyes. 
I unfolded the paper and looked at the note, which consisted of dollar amounts.
$2,000
-$600
$1,400
“What’s this?” I asked again.
“Chance told me that his dad found me a car for two thousand dollars.”
“Chance?” I asked, unable to hide my distaste as I spat out his name.
“Yes,” she confirmed. “Chance. His dad owns a car lot, and he found a car that he thought would be perfect for me. The only problem is it’s two thousand dollars, and so far, I’ve only saved up six hundred. I was hoping to have enough saved up by the end of summer, but I may have to work during the first few weeks of school. Granny said she could pay my insurance and give me a little gas money if I could buy the car.”
“What kind of car is it?” I asked. “Are you sure you wouldn’t rather drive Granny’s car?”
Dara wrinkled her nose. “I’m sure. It’s a small, red Chevy. It’s still in good shape, and it gets good gas mileage.”
“If I play my cards right, will you give me a ride?” I asked, folding the paper back up and tucking it back in her pocket.
“I thought you weren’t very good at playing cards,” she accused, narrowing her eyes at me until they were nothing more than vibrant, green slits.
“I told you. I’m good at everything. And the fact that you bought my bluff proves it,” I said, resting my hands on her hips.
“Is this where I tell you you’re conceited?” she asked innocently. “And an asshat?”
“Badass,” I thundered at her. “Clean the wax out of your ears, and get it right, woman. I’m conceited and a badass.”
“What did you say?” she asked, her brow furrowed. 
“Oh, no,” I warned her. “You can swallow whatever insult is fixing to tumble from those pretty little lips of yours because I’m not going to listen. Besides, I’ve got to talk to Tom about our financials. My dad’s already demanding numbers.”
“Is that bad?” she asked.
I raked my hands through my hair, contemplating the answer to her question. “That depends on the numbers. He bought this business about a year ago, and he usually allots a set amount of time to determine whether it’s going to be successful. If the numbers don’t meet his criteria, then he’ll start making plans to sell or close the business at the end of July.
“I had talked him into buying this business, so I really wanted it to be successful.”
“You did?” She looked at me a little surprised.
“Luke loved to read, and he would’ve loved this store. I can’t really explain it, but somehow I feel like he approves of this store and what I’m trying to do.”  Shit. I couldn’t believe I just told her that. I hadn’t told that to anyone. I knew the danger of getting too close to Dara, but I was too freaking stupid to keep my distance. “I’ve got to talk to Tom.” I hurried out of the kitchen before she started asking questions. Of all the girls I could’ve found myself attracted to, I had to pick Little Miss Inquisitive.
Tom was busy checking out customers. I pulled up a stool behind the counter and waited patiently for Dara to finish whatever she had been doing in the kitchen and relieve Tom from the cash register.
Once she did, Tom grabbed his laptop and joined me in my office.
“So what do the numbers look like?” I asked him as he stared at his computer screen, a yellow pencil tucked behind his ear.
“The good news is they have been steadily improving. The bad news is it’s questionable as to whether we’ll reach the numbers your father requires by the end of the month.”
I slowly exhaled. I wanted the store to remain open. For Luke.
Tom and I raked over the numbers, and I tried to memorize as much of the necessary data as possible. I knew it was only a matter of time before Dad and I would be having a serious conversation about Quail Mountain Books, not that every conversation with my Dad wasn’t serious.
I wanted to be ready. 
I glanced at my cell phone, noticing that it was time for lunch. “Why don’t you go ahead and take lunch?” I asked. “I want to talk to Dara about marketing.”
“I’ll be more than happy to eat while y’all handle the marketing,” Tom said, pushing his hair out of his eyes. “You know how much I despise it.”
“I know. Give you a bunch of numbers and a spreadsheet, and you’re in ecstasy. Talk about something creative like marketing, and it’s sheer torture.”
Tom grinned. “Yeah, that pretty much sums it up. Sums. Get it. I like numbers.”
“I get it,” I admitted with an inward groan. I threw a foam stress relief promotional item shaped like a book at Tom. “Go. Get out of my office,” I joked with him. “Go analyze combo meal numbers one through ten at a fast food joint.”
He chuckled as he strolled out the doorway.
I found Dara looking at a box of inventory that was ready to be shelved.
“Dara?”
“Yeah?” she asked, glancing up from the box. 
“Let’s talk marketing.”
“Okay,” she smiled, clearly in her element. She turned away from the box and focused on me.
“I want to build off the momentum that we already have going from the Fourth of July promotion. I thought we might have a sale.”
“What’d you have in mind?”
“Sales have been steady for some of the new releases across the board, in books, games, CDs, and movies. I thought we might offer fifty percent off another item when the customer purchases any item that was released in July.”
“Would that fifty percent be off of anything in the store?”
“Anything that’s not a July release.”
“Okay,” she nodded, staring down at the counter. I could tell that she was deep in thought, and her mind was already processing ideas.
“Could you see about having some ads ran as soon as possible?  Maybe this weekend or next week?”
“Sure. I’ll start checking on it right now.”
“Maybe you could make some signs on some of that neon pink poster board in the supply closet.”
“I’ll take care of it, Stone.”
How did Tom and I manage marketing before she came along?  Apparently, not very well. Dara was always ready to do whatever it took to get the job done. The beauty of it was that she’d take control and not only get the job done, but she’d do it right the first time. It made my job so much easier, and I no longer had to drag Tom through the wringer to get another opinion on marketing.
But could we get the numbers up by the end of July?
I desperately wanted to.
For Luke.



Chapter 10

Dara

Squinting against the bright, morning sunshine that radiated through the thin, white, vinyl blinds, I rolled over and stared at the red LED lights on my alarm clock. It was a few minutes after eight o’clock, and despite the fact that I didn’t have to work today, I knew I wouldn’t be able to go back to sleep. I kicked the comforter off my feet and rolled out of bed. Granny cooked breakfast every morning, and my stomach grumbled as the smell of biscuits and bacon wafted through the air.
I stumbled to the kitchen in my pajamas and found Granny sitting at the table reading the paper. “That smells so good, Granny.”
She looked up and flashed a brilliant smile. “Come on, honey, fix you a plate.”
I sat down in the chair across from Granny and picked up the plate that she had already set out for me. I buttered a warm biscuit, spread strawberry jelly on it, and grabbed a couple of slices of bacon.
Granny made the best, homemade, cat head biscuits that I had ever eaten, and I had suggested on more than one occasion that she should open a restaurant. I bit into the biscuit, savoring it.
“I’ve got something to tell you,” Granny said.
Alarmed, I momentarily forgot the biscuit and focused on Granny. “What is it?  Did my mother show up again?”
Granny patted my hand. “No, dear. It doesn’t have anything to do with your mother.”
“Is everything all right?  Are you all right?” I asked, worried about her news.
“I’m fine, Dara,” she said, chuckling. “It’s nothing bad, but it might be a little unexpected for you.”
“Granny, you’re killing me. What is it?”
She smiled as she patted my hand again, watching me closely with kind eyes. “George and I are getting married.”
    Elation spread quickly through my body, and I shot out of my chair and hugged her. “Granny, I’m so happy for you.”
“Thank you. I’m happy, too.”
I gave her neck another quick squeeze, kissed her on the temple, and returned to my chair. “When did he propose?  How did he propose?” I asked, feeling the sudden need for details.
He asked me last night at dinner. She held her left hand out to me, wiggling her fingers until I noticed the solitary diamond engagement ring.
“Oh, Granny!  It’s beautiful!  He did good!”
“He did, didn’t he?” she asked, admiring the ring. “He dropped down on one knee and everything,” she added. “And he said the sweetest words to me. He told me that he couldn’t imagine his life without me.”
I squealed. “We’re going to plan a wedding!”
Granny laughed. “Now, we’re just going to have a small ceremony. Nothing fancy.”
“Oh!  And I’m going to throw a bridal shower for you!”
“That’s not necessary, Dara. For us, the most important thing is being together.”
“Granny, I‘ve got to. I can’t let you get married without a bridal shower,” I said with conviction.
“Oh, okay,” Granny agreed, “but just a small one. We could have a few friends over.”
“Let me handle everything,” I insisted. “This is so exciting!  Have y’all set a date?”
“At our age, we don’t want to wait too long. We’re going to get married in three weeks.”  
“Three weeks?” I asked, surprised. “I have to get busy then.”
Granny beamed like a school girl who had just been asked to the prom. 
In light of the good news, I scarfed down my breakfast, eager to spill the news to Crimson and Scarlet. My granny was getting married!  How cool was that?
As the tepid water from the showerhead pelted against my skin, I imagined Granny in a flowing white dress with a bouquet of colorful flowers. I wanted everything to be perfect. I wanted to do something for Granny to repay her for everything that she had done for me.
I borrowed Granny’s car and drove to Crimson and Scarlet’s shop. When I walked in, I was surprised to see how much progress they had made. The walls glowed a bold shade of lime green, which complimented the zebra print accessories beautifully. They were setting up the lobby area with black, vinyl chairs that sported a modern flair. Clear acrylic end tables held black lamps with zebra print shades, and a glossy, black magazine rack towered in the corner, offering an assortment of entertainment magazines and hair design books like a silent butler. Loud music spewed from overhead speakers, and Crimson’s and Scarlet’s bodies rhythmically pumped to the beat as they danced across the zebra-print rug in the middle of the seating area to collect another chair to place in the seating arrangement.
This was nothing like the salon that I frequented with Granny. I watched them, expecting a disco ball to extend from the ceiling and shoot neon lights around the room. When they still didn’t notice me, I mimicked their dance moves as I closed the distance between us. 
Scarlet noticed me first, and she let out a scream of surprise that was barely audible above the blaring music. She smiled widely and went to turn the music down as Crimson and I continued dancing.
“Holy smokes, Dara, you nearly scared the crap out of me,” Scarlet chastised as she rejoined Crimson and me. “So what do you think?”
“It looks amazing,” I gushed as I glanced around the salon and admired Scarlet’s knack for decorating. She accessorized better than anyone I knew.
“We are so freakin’ excited,” Crimson squealed, her huge, brown eyes revealing her happiness. “Is this not the most chic salon you’ve ever been in?”
“I don’t know,” I said as I purposely looked around the room. “The owner of the salon that Granny and I usually go to could teach you some wicked tips on how to decorate with gingham and plastic flowers.”
“Plastic flowers?  Seriously?” Scarlet asked, appalled. “Like, do they even make those anymore?”
“I have no idea,” I answered, grinning. “But this place rocks.”
Crimson licked her finger and touched her arm, releasing a sizzling noise from her full lips. “We did do a fantabulous job, didn’t we?”
“We?” Scarlet asked, furrowing her brow and glaring down her small, straight nose at Crimson. “I picked everything out.”
“Well, I agreed to it,” Crimson snapped. “And you didn’t decorate by yourself.”
“I’ve got some exciting news,” I blurted, interrupting them before their conversation turned into a full-blown trial of who did what.
Crimson squealed. “You and Stone are now an official couple!”
“Bite your tongue,” Scarlet shushed. “She needs to get back together with Chance, not hook up with a social degenerate.”
“He is not a social degenerate,” I chastised her.
“He hit your boyfriend,” Scarlet cried, defending her position.
“First of all, Chance is not my boyfriend, and Stone was provoked,” I explained. “But no, Stone and I are not a couple, and since I know y’all will never guess, I’ll just tell you.”  I paused. “Granny and Mr. Milton are getting married.”
“How cute!” Scarlet exclaimed.
Crimson hugged me. “That’s awesome!”
I couldn’t stop the incredibly silly smile that forced its way across my face. “Will y’all help me give her a bridal shower?” I asked, looking from Crimson to Scarlet. “I so want everything to be perfect.”
“Yes!” they squealed in unison.
“Do you already know where you’re having it?” Crimson asked.
“Granny said I could have a small one at home,” I answered.
“Let’s have it here,” Scarlet offered. “There would be plenty of space to set up tables and chairs in the center of the room.”
“Yes!” Crimson agreed. “It’d be perfect!”
“Y’all don’t mind?”
“Are you kidding?” Scarlet asked. “We’d do anything for Granny.”
“Do you know when you want to have it?” Crimson asked.
“That’s the thing,” I said, trying to give them a little bit of warning before I sprang it on them that we’d have to act fast. “She’s getting married in three weeks, so I want to give her the shower in one week.”
“Sheesh!” Scarlet exclaimed, her eyes widening as if I had just asked for the impossible. “Let’s get busy then. You need to write down a list of everyone you want to invite, so that you can get invitations out. What about a cake?”
“I thought I could make cupcakes. We’ll have a small crowd, so it shouldn’t be too hard. I’m going to try to keep my costs down, so I can still put a little money back for my car. But I want to make it as nice as possible. I appreciate both of you helping me.”
“No problem. Mom will insist on helping with the food. She can make some mints and some hors d’oeuvres,” Scarlet suggested.
“I will love her forever if she could do that,” I promised. “Maybe you could check with her to see what she might be willing to do. Then I can get whatever else is needed.”
“We have some folding tables and chairs in our garage,” Crimson said. “Do you have any idea how many people you’ll need to seat?”
I thought for a minute. “It’ll be a small party. Probably no more than twenty or twenty-five.”
“Any particular colors?” Scarlet asked. “Mom has some white tablecloths, and we could accessorize in any color that you want.”
“I think it would be pretty if the main color was a pastel pink, but we could use any pastel colors.”
Scarlet rubbed her hands together, her perfectly manicured nails tipped in white. “This is going to be so much fun. I love a good party!”
“Are y’all moving in with Mr. Milton after they get married?” Crimson asked.
My heart fluttered when I realized that I hadn’t even thought about that. Where were we going to live?  “I have no idea.”
“I wonder what kind of house he lives in,” Crimson said, plopping down in one of the new chairs.
“I don’t know,” I replied. “I’ve never been to his house.”
“There’s no time for idle chitchat,” Scarlet chided.
“You’re right,” I agreed, knowing I needed to get busy to pull everything off. “I guess I’d better get going. I’m going to stop by the bookstore and tell Stone the good news. Then, I’ll make a list, buy some invitations and fill them out, and get them in the mail.”
“We’ll have Dad bring the table and chairs over, and we’ll get the tablecloths from Mom and find out what food she wants to make,” Scarlet said. “Then we can compare notes with you later.”
I gave them each a quick hug and thanked them again. “I’ll talk to y’all later,” I promised as I opened the front door.
“Bye,” they called in unison.
The day heated up with every passing minute. When I stepped into the brilliant sunlight, I shielded my eyes with my hands and crossed the street to the bookstore. The bell chimed as I entered, and I spotted Tom posted behind the counter at the cash register. A few customers browsed quietly, and I hoped the sales would be good today for Stone’s sake. 
“Hey, Tom,” I greeted as I approached the counter and leaned against it.
“Morning, Dara,” he said, pushing his glasses up his nose.
“I wanted to talk to Stone for a minute. Is he here?”
“He’s in the back somewhere, and just so you know, he’s not in a very good mood today.”
“What’s wrong with him?”
“I don’t ask,” Tom answered, holding his palms up in surrender. “My philosophy is to stay out of other people’s business, and they’ll usually stay out of mine.”
I pushed away from the counter and walked through the door that led to the kitchen. I glanced in the office, only to find it empty. There was no sign of anyone in the back of the building, so I gently opened the back door and peered out.
Stone was standing near his motorcycle under the carport on his cell phone having a heated argument. I watched for a moment before I opened the door any farther, listening to his side of the conversation.
“Dammit, Dad. How many times have I told you?  I did go over the numbers.”
“I know it’s going to be close, but if you’ll give me a little more time, I know I can make it work.”
“I know I told you that I was passing, and I still flunked out. Who the hell knows that better than me?  This is different.”
He held the phone away from his ear and hung it up. “I don’t have to listen to this shit,” he grumbled to himself.
I pushed the door open a little wider. “Hey.”
He glared at me over his shoulder, his lips pursed, his jaw clenched. “Do you always eavesdrop on people like that?”
“Not always, but you sounded a little stressed. I thought maybe I could do something to help.”
“I don’t need any help,” he snapped, the anger and frustration still evident in his voice.
“Why don’t you just tell him why it means so much to you?” I asked softly.
“I said I don’t need any help,” he ground out between his clenched teeth, his jaw ticking as he worked the muscle in it.
My heart ached for him. I wanted to help him, but I knew it was impossible to help someone who didn’t want help. “I actually came by to tell you some news, but I guess it can wait until another time.”  I slowly began closing the door.
“Dara, wait.”
I paused, peering at him through a wide crack in the door. He motioned for me to join him with his fingertips. I opened the door wider and walked to him, allowing the door to close softly behind me. I stopped about a foot from him, and he watched me silently, his facial expression matching his mood. My heart beat rapidly as it did every time he was near. I wanted to end the awkward silence, but my words were jumbled in my brain. I stood mutely, instead.
Stone’s clenched jaw relaxed, and he looked perfectly comfortable as he gazed at me, which was difficult to comprehend as my own heart continued to pick up speed. I thought it might explode.
Despite his anger, his fingers were gentle as he traced the curve of my neck, stopping to feel my pulse. He took a step closer, and I knew that he’d be able to tell that my pulse had just increased yet again.
He leaned in and whispered, “You don’t know what it does to me to know that you respond to my every touch.”  His fingers slid down further, tracing the rounded collar of my shirt, sending excruciating heat blossoming through my chest.
Every instinct told me that I should go, but my body was held in place by a force emanating from him, by a magnetism so powerful that my own will was insignificant in comparison. 
His soft lips found the column of my throat as he leaned me against the rough, red brick on the back of the building. I heard my own sharp inhalation, and I stopped breathing as my mind concentrated on the feel of his lips as they gently caressed the tender flesh of my neck. Not realizing that I had ever made the move to touch him, I found my fingers entwined in his hair as I clung to him for support.
He pulled back and straightened to his full height. “What did you come to tell me?” he asked, his voice low with a rough quality to it.
“I…I….”  My thoughts were shattered into a million pieces, and I tried desperately to focus on his question, on why I had come here in the first place.
He chuckled, clearly amused by my befuddled state. 
I swallowed. He made me nervous, and he knew it. Stone’s reputation with the ladies was well-known, and I had no intention of becoming his next conquest, a fact that I had struggled to remember when we were together. My reaction to him was the very reason that he was so incredibly dangerous. All the things I thought I knew, all the rules I would have sworn that I would follow were nothing more than a vague memory when I was in his presence. All my senses honed in on him, and the voice of reason was nothing more than a nagging irritant.
He traced my collarbone, and I stared at his chiseled jawline, my eyes flickering to his mouth as I imagined his lips once again teasing their way along the curve of my neck.
Why had I come?
Slowly, I funneled my thoughts away from his treacherous touch to the reason for my visit. “Um…I was just going to tell you that Granny and Mr. Milton are getting married.”
He flashed a crooked grin. “The old man’s got game, huh?”
“Granny definitely thinks so.”  I smiled. “Scarlet and Crimson are going to help me give Granny a bridal shower next week. They’re letting me use their salon.”
“This isn’t where you ask me to go with you, is it?  Because I do not do bridal showers.”
“No, this isn’t the part where I ask you to go with me, but I’m assuming it is the part where your conceit surfaces yet again. If I were looking for a date, what makes you think I would ask you?”
He leaned in close, pinning me against the wall, the scent of his cologne filling my nostrils. “Because who wouldn’t want to go with me?”
“Me, for one.”  I stared at his chest, not wanting to look him in the eyes. 
He placed his palm over my heart. “Dara, you can deny it with your mouth all you want, but your body screams the undeniable truth.”
“Which is?”
“You want me.”
“No, I don’t,” I said firmly, denying his claim.
“I don’t want to hear your words,” he whispered softly in my ear. He kissed me tenderly along the curve of my cheek, and then his lips found mine. As if the July heat wasn’t enough, I was now very close to disintegrating from the flames that he ignited within my soul. My head warned me that he was dangerous. My heart begged me to savor the moment.
My hands wrapped around him on their own accord, pulling him closer, and once again, all coherent thoughts melted into the tiny recesses of my brain while my heart won this battle.
He pulled away, and I found myself lifting my face toward him, not wanting the kiss to end.
He smirked. “See. You do.”
My face burned three different shades of red. He was right, and he knew it.
He tugged on my belt loops with his index fingers. “I need to get back in the store. What are your plans for the day?”
“I was just on my way to get some invitations, so that I can get them in the mail today.”
“Why don’t you take care of the invitations, and I’ll pick you up at seven?  We’ll go eat at Awesome Sauce, and you can tell me all about the bridal shower. I can’t guarantee I’ll be listening, but you can tell me.”
I slapped him playfully on the shoulder. “Just what girls want. An inattentive date.”
“I didn’t say I’d be inattentive. I just said I might not be listening.”  He watched me with his glacier-like eyes, a sparkle of mischief glinting in them.
“Who can pass up an offer like that?  I’ll see you at seven.”
He kissed me lightly on the lips. “See you then.”
I watched him as he entered the back door. Once the door closed behind him, I walked along the outside of the building until I reached the front parking lot and crossed the road to get to Granny’s car, which was parked in front of Crimson and Scarlet’s salon.
I spent the rest of the afternoon working on the invitations. Most of them were for local delivery, but I had also invited Granny’s only living sibling, her older sister who lived in Nashville, Tennessee, and her daughter and granddaughter. I had seen Granny’s sister, Shirley, and her daughter, Vickie, a few months ago when they had come down for a visit, but I hadn’t seen my second cousin, Felicia, since I had stayed with them for the summer about three years ago. I called Vickie to give her a head’s up about the bridal shower, and luckily, she assured me that they could attend.
I knew it would mean a lot to Granny for them to be there, so I was ecstatic that Vickie had already confirmed.
While getting ready for my date with Stone, I chose a pair of white shorts, a royal blue tank top, and a pair of strappy, white sandals. I straightened my hair, carefully applied makeup, and sprayed on my favorite perfume.
Having a few minutes to spare, I waited in the rocker on the front porch.
It wasn’t long before I heard the familiar sound of his motorcycle’s engine. I watched the road as he came into view, wearing a pair of khaki shorts, a black, pullover shirt, and tennis shoes. 
When he removed his helmet, I marveled at just how handsome he was. As he approached the porch, I noticed that his brilliant blue eyes contrasted with his dark hair, making them seem even more vibrant. I stood on the top step of the porch, and he came to a stop on the step directly below me, lining our faces up perfectly. Unable to help myself, I reached out and traced his jawline. I wanted to tell him that I found him beautiful, but I knew he had heard those words from many girls before me. I remained silent.
He said nothing, just watched me as my fingers caressed his skin. When they reached his full lips, I thought I heard him suck in his breath, but I couldn’t be sure. I leaned in closer.
In one quick move, his long fingers captured my wrists, and he turned my palm up and gently kissed the center of it. “Your touch is driving me mad,” he whispered breathlessly as he looked upon my face. “If we don’t leave now, Granny will be out here momentarily with a shotgun.”
I giggled. “Granny isn’t home.”
“Is that an invitation?”
“No. And maybe we should discuss that. You do realize that I’m not like the other girls you date, don’t you?”
“You don’t find me incredibly sexy and irresistible?” he asked, a crooked grin softening the hard planes of his face.
“Stone, I’m being serious.”
His grin faded away. “Dara, I know you’re different. Hell, I feel different when I’m with you. I’m not saying I wouldn’t accept your invitation. I’m just saying that I’d be satisfied to do nothing more than spend a little time with you tonight. So what do you say?  You want to go eat?”
“Yes.”
He lifted me up against his body, his arms wrapped tightly around my back. “And then later, maybe we can discuss that invitation again.”
I slapped him on the shoulder. “Later, Granny will be home with her shotgun, so you’d better be on your best behavior.”
“It was worth a shot,” he said, lowering me to the ground. He took my hand and led me to his motorcycle.
Awesome Sauce was packed, as usual. I waved to a few of my friends as I followed Stone to a booth. Most of the time, it was the same crowd that was here. I didn’t see Crimson and Scarlet, but I did see Chance sitting with a few of the football players from school. Mike Waters wasn’t around either, and I wondered if he and Crimson were out on a date.
I turned back around to survey the other side of the restaurant, and I saw Jessie staring straight at me, her dark hair hanging in curls, her red lips shining like a brand new fire engine.
Stone spotted her, too, and he acknowledged her with a nod. She flashed him a seductive smile, and I struggled with a twinge of jealousy that gnawed in the pit of my stomach. I averted my gaze and took a deep breath, and then exhaled, expelling the unwanted emotion.
Throughout dinner, Stone and I talked about the upcoming bridal shower and wedding. We talked about the bookstore and the fact that there were only a couple of weeks left to increase sales. We talked about the upcoming school year.
When he finally paid our check and we left, we decided to ride to Quail Mountain Park on top of the mountain and watch the sunset.
“Ah, hell,” Stone grumbled from behind me. “You have got to be freakin’ kidding me.”
I noticed Jessie standing outside with a large group of teens, and I wondered if something he had seen had angered him. I turned back to look at him, and a storm brewed in his eyes. His jaw clenched. “What’s the matter?” I asked, alarmed.
He pointed to his bike. “You see that?” he asked.
I turned to look at his bike, searching for a flat tire or a scratch. “What?” I asked.
He walked up beside me and pointed to the handlebars. “That,” he ground out in a low, menacing voice. A white, rolled-up piece of paper was wedged in the handlebars.
He snatched it up and handed it to me. “Read it.”
I took the note from him and gently unrolled it. My eyes skimmed over the words before I read them aloud.
“What does it say?” he demanded, anger evident in his voice.
My eyes flitted from his face back to the note. “Don’t screw with me. Leave Dara now.”
“Where is he?” Stone asked, his eyes scanning the parking lot. “He was here a few minutes ago. Where is he now?”
I found Chance standing in the same group as Jessie. I supposed that I hadn’t noticed him before because I had been focused on her.
Stone saw him, too, and he immediately moved in that direction.
I put my hand on Stone’s arm to stop him. “Wait,” I pleaded. “He said that he wasn’t leaving you these notes.”
“If not him, then who?” Stone asked. “Do you have another boyfriend?”
“No, of course not.”
“Chance,” he shouted across the parking lot.
Chance immediately looked up.
Stone held his hand out, waiting for me to hand him the note. I gave it to him and cringed as I realized everyone in the parking lot was staring at us. Crimson and Scarlet had just arrived, and from the looks on their faces, I knew they wanted to know what was going on. They sped up their pace and headed in my direction.
Stone held the note up in the air for all to see. “Do you seriously think I’m going to leave Dara alone because you’ve taken the time to type up a sweet little note?”
“Dude, I’ve already told you,” Chance responded, remaining amazingly calm. “I haven’t been leaving you any notes.”
“Who else would want me to stay away from Dara?” Stone demanded, clearly not believing Chance’s claim.
“Maybe she wrote them herself,” Chance replied. “I don’t know what she sees in you, anyway. Not when she could have me, instead.”
“Chance!” I yelled, aggravated that he was making the situation worse.
Stone stormed in his direction, and Chance brushed past a few people in an effort to close the distance between them.
I quickly tried to catch up with Stone, but it was Jessie who stood between the two of them first. I stared at her, unsure if I felt horror or relief. Her short skirt clung to her hips, and her long, slender legs ended in a pair of sexy, red heels, a perfect match to her fire engine lip gloss.
She held her hand out to Stone, motioning for him to stop. “Stone, calm down.”
He slowed as he glanced at her. “Jessie, this has nothing to do with you.”
He quickened his pace as he headed for Chance.
“Stone!” she called, moving her body in front of him. “It wasn’t Chance.”
That got his attention.
“Told you,” Chance mumbled.
“Then who was it, Jess?” he demanded in a loud, deep voice. “Tell him to get his ass out here right now, and we’ll settle it.”
“Stone, calm down,” she said, her voice loud, but pleasant.
“Who is it, Jess?” Stone asked between clenched teeth. “Did you see who put this on my bike?”
“It was me,” she answered, and then chewed her lower lip, her white teeth contrasting sharply with the bright red gloss. “I know it wasn’t Chance because I did it.”
“Shit, Jess!  Why would you do that?”
I actually felt sorry for her as she faced Stone. She looked scared to death. But I had to admit, I had a burning desire to know why she would do that, too.
“Because Stone,” she said, “I’m in love with you.”
It was so quiet that I would have sworn that someone had just hit the mute button and we were all actors in some crazy sitcom.
“No, no, no,” Stone said over and over. “No, Jess.”
“I am, Stone,” she swore, as her lips began to quiver and her eyes filled with tears.
“No, Jess, you’re not,” he assured her.
She stood silently, nodding her head as the tears spilled onto her cheeks.
“Shit!” Stone cursed, ramming his hands through his hair. “Come here,” he whispered to her, pulling her into his embrace. “Don’t cry, Jess.”
Everyone stood staring as he soothed her. Scarlet elbowed me and said, “Told you to stick with Chance.”
I didn’t respond. I really didn’t know what to say or what exactly was going on.
Stone looked back at me and saw Crimson and Scarlet flanking me. “Crimson, could you take Dara home for me?  Jess and I need to talk.”
Crimson nodded.
Stone looked at me. “We’ll talk later, Dara.”
I didn’t respond. I turned to Crimson. “Could you take me home now?” I asked.
“Sure.”
I was thankful that it was a short ride home from Awesome Sauce and that Crimson and Scarlet were relatively quiet. I didn’t feel like talking.
I had barely made it into my bedroom before the tears started falling.



Chapter 11

Dara

I woke up to my phone buzzing. I squinted against the bright sunshine pouring through the blinds and grabbed my phone off the nightstand. It was almost noon, and I had missed calls and text messages from Stone, Crimson, and Scarlet.
The events of last night assaulted my mind like poison. I groaned as I realized it wasn’t a dream. My life really did suck. 
I didn’t know what I had expected. I knew Stone’s reputation before I had ever agreed to spend any time with him. He was so different than me, so different than any guy I had ever dated, not that there had been many. When I was with him, life was exciting. I had felt things that I had never felt before. That included last night. I could never remember feeling so crushed by a guy. 
I had tried to hold back the tears, tried to tell myself that it was no big deal. But it was. I was crazy about Stone, and I don’t think I realized it until everything shattered at my feet. And to make it even more memorable, I had visions of voluptuous Jessie with her pouty, red lips and mile-long legs that I could not get out of my mind. What guy wouldn’t be enticed by her?
Heck, even now, I felt a pang of sympathy for her. It might be easier to cope with that pang if I had been the one who had actually come away from the evening with the guy.
The tears threatened to burn my eyes again. I was furious with Stone. Furious that he had caused a scene. Furious that he humiliated me in front of all my friends by leaving with Jessie.
As much as I wanted to hate Jessie, I felt an odd kinship with her. I could relate to the emotions that were plainly etched on her face last night. If I looked in the mirror, I was positive that I would see the same feelings etched on my own face. She and I had a common fault. We had fallen in love with the wrong guy.
My phone buzzed again. Stone was calling. I hit the ignore button and groaned. Misery weighted my body, and my eyes felt puffy. I desperately wished I could go back to sleep, back to the blissful world of unconsciousness.
I turned my phone off and closed my eyes, refusing to open them, so that I would hopefully slip into a peaceful slumber.
It was an hour later when I awoke. I heard the familiar crunching of gravels that signaled a car coming up the driveway. I wondered if it was Granny returning. Then, I wondered if Stone had driven here in his dad’s car. I refused to see him.
It wasn’t long until Granny knocked on my door. “Dara,” she called, her muffled voice spilling in around the cracks, “you have a visitor.”
“Tell him to go away. I don’t want to see him.”  I tried to keep my voice from cracking, just in case he could hear me.
“Dara, honey, your mother’s here.”
I sat straight up in bed, my heart pounding mercilessly. I didn’t want to deal with this right now. I’d had enough rejection this week. The last thing I needed was to discuss why my mother abandoned me, and if I did talk to her that was the one question that I wanted answered.
I raked my tousled hair from my swollen eyes and jerked the comforter back. I slid my legs off the side of the bed, my feet dangling inches from the scarred, hardwood floor.
I considered suggesting that Granny tell her to go away, too. I wasn’t in the mood to talk right now, and I didn’t know why it should be on her schedule instead of mine. I knew the words would never pass my lips, though. If I didn’t talk to her now, I may never get the chance again.
“Dara?”  I could hear the concern in Granny’s voice.
“I’ll be there in a few minutes.”
I slid out of the bed and went to my dresser, rummaging through drawers looking for something to wear. I tugged on a pair of blue jean shorts and a red, snug-fitting tee shirt. I brushed my hair into a ponytail and studied my reflection in the mirror. My eyes looked horrible. 
Crossing the hall, I went to the bathroom to quickly complete a shortened version of my morning ritual. I dabbed on a little eye makeup in an effort to hide the puffiness, but it did little good. 
My palms grew sweaty as I walked down the hall toward the living room. I hadn’t seen my mother since I was three, and I couldn’t remember much about her. Pausing at the end of the hallway, I took a deep breath, willing my heart to slow its pace. Then, I held my head high and entered the living room.
She was sitting in a wingback chair across from Granny, who was seated on the couch. When I came into the room, she stood and a huge smile lit her face.
I glanced at Granny, and she nodded her head in encouragement. 
My mother was a little shorter than I. Her dirty blond hair hung listlessly just below her shoulders, and while she wasn’t unattractive, I could detect traces of someone who had lived a hard life. She held her arms out to me. I hugged her and quickly stepped back. She reeked of stale cigarette smoke. It was an odd feeling to know that this stranger in our living room was my mother. I did recognize her, though, from the picture tucked away in my jewelry box, and I couldn’t deny that I was looking into a set of eyes that was the exact same shade of green as my own.
Granny stood. “I’ll give the two of you some privacy.”  She took my hands in her small, cold, wrinkled ones. “Dara, I’ll be in my bedroom if you need me.”
I nodded and watched Granny as she left the room.
“It’s so good to see you,” my mother said in a soft voice. 
I stared at her blankly.
“I think about you all the time,” she continued, holding up a photo of me when I was a baby.
Part of me thought I should say something and ease her growing discomfort, and another part of me wanted her to suffer, the way she made me suffer. If she thought about me all the time, why did she wait almost fifteen years to visit?  Why didn’t she call or write?
I remained silent.
“I’m sure you have a lot of questions you’d like to ask me,” she said, giggling nervously and sitting back down in the chair. 
“Why did you abandon me?” I asked, unsmiling, a little taken aback by just how angry I was.
“Because I wasn’t good for you,” she said simply. “I loved you enough that I wanted a better life for you than what I could give. I knew that your father’s parents would take you with no questions asked. Joe and Helen were some of the best people that I had ever met, and I trusted them to take care of you like you deserved.”
I sat down on the couch, never taking my eyes away from her face. “They didn’t even know I existed,” I said. “If you thought they were so great, how come you never even told them about me?”
“Dara, your father and I broke up before I found out I was pregnant. I never told him about you because we were miserable together. He was always drunk, and I was always high on prescription pills. I knew he’d want to work it out if I told him about you, and I just didn’t want to deal with our relationship. It was easier to leave and never look back.”
I grunted. “Sounds like you do that a lot.”
“I understand if you hate me, but it was different with you. I didn’t want to leave you, but I was so screwed up. I’d take downers to go to sleep and uppers to wake back up. I started dabbling with other drugs, too. Cocaine. Heroine.
“I wanted to stop, but I couldn’t.”
“I wasn’t worth it?” I asked.
“Oh, baby, you were worth it, but I was so far gone with drugs, I didn’t know whether I’d live through another day. And I didn’t care.
“I knew I had to find somebody to take care of you, before I did wind up dead and something horrible happened to you. My own parents had kicked me out of the house years ago and told me that they wanted nothing to do with me. Joe and Helen were the only people that I knew who deserved you.”
Tears streamed down her face. “You’ve had a good life with them, right?” she asked, nodding her head and waiting for me to confirm it.
“Yes,” I answered quickly, not needing to give the question any thought. “I love them both with all my heart.” 
She pursed her lips and wiped her eyes. “Then I made the right choice.”
“They took good care of me, and I love them. But that didn’t keep me from wondering why you never came back.”
“I know, but it was better that I didn’t. I was a mess, and I didn’t want you to see me like that. I’ve been clean for six months, though, and all that time, I’ve been trying to get the courage up to come and see you.
“You have every right to hate me, but I wanted you to know that I love you more than my own life. That’s why I did what I did. Because I loved you, and no matter how much I wanted to, I couldn’t become the kind of mother that you needed.”  
She sobbed openly, and I felt like I should go to her. But my feet wouldn’t move. Where was she all the nights that I cried myself to sleep?
Once she regained her composure, she stood and walked toward the front door. I stood and watched her, waiting for her to speak.
“Thank you for talking to me. I know this is probably a little overwhelming. I’m going to go, so that you can have time to process everything, and then, I’d like to come back and see you in a few days or a few weeks. Just whenever you’re ready to see me. I’ve given your Granny my phone number, so you can call me when you want to talk.”
I nodded my head in acknowledgment, and I silently watched her walk out the door.
Once the door closed, I exhaled loudly, not even realizing that I had been holding my breath. I covered my mouth with a trembling hand. A myriad of emotions churned in my soul, and it felt like slivers of glass coursed through my veins.
I collapsed on the couch, hot tears blistering their way down my cheeks. Saddened by the life that I had lost with my birth parents, I was at least grateful that Papa and Granny had cared enough for the granddaughter that they hadn’t even known existed to take her into their home and love her. I knew now that without them, I would have never had a chance at happiness.
When the flow of tears finally stopped, I knocked on Granny’s door and entered her room. She sat by the window in the corner, reading a book.
“Are you okay?” she asked, her brow furrowed as she looked up from the novel.
“Considering,” I said.
“You know you can talk to me if you need to.”
“I know, Granny. Right now, I think I just want to take a hot shower.”  I turned to leave the room, but then I stopped and looked back at her. “I’m glad you and Papa wanted me, Granny.”
Her eyes glistened as she watched me, a small smile on her lips. “Honey, you were the best thing that ever happened to us.”
I couldn’t stop the rivulet of tears that streamed from my eyes. I hadn’t known how much I needed to hear her say that until the words flowed from her lips. I ran to her and hugged her hard. If anything ever happened to her, I would be lost.
I finally released her, kissed her on the brow, and went to shower. 
After letting some of my stress wash down the shower drain along with the steaming water, I felt slightly better, though I was still an emotional mess. My mind kept alternating between the scene last night with Stone and the one today with my mother. Both of them sucked.
My phone buzzed against the kitchen table while I nibbled on a saltine cracker to settle my stomach. Stone was calling again. I hit the ignore button.
I needed to talk to Crimson and Scarlet about Granny’s bridal shower, but I really wasn’t in the mood to talk to anyone.
I flipped on the television, stretched out on the couch, and mindlessly watched one of my favorite recorded programs. I replayed the visit with my mother this morning over and over in my head. If she thought that I was going to make it easy for her, she was wrong. I had heard enough about drugs to know how addictive they were. Educational groups had presented the facts to the student body at Quail Mountain High, and I clearly remembered a recovering user telling the students that he had tried it one time. One time was all it had taken for him to be addicted, and that addiction resulted in him losing his home, his job, and his family.
I knew addiction was tough, but I was her daughter.
The hum of a motorcycle interrupted my pensive thoughts. I exhaled loudly, knowing that I had no desire to speak to Stone. Couldn’t the guy take a hint?
A moment later, a loud knock sounded at the front door. I made no effort to rise from the couch. I paused my recording, waiting for him to get the message and go away.
He rapped loudly again. “Come on, Dara. I know you’re in there.”
I remained still.
“Please, Dara. I need to talk to you.”
I thought about the scene last night, the one where I was left standing alone while he left with Jessie. I didn’t much care what he had to say, but I suddenly felt the need to say a few words of my own.
Marching to the front door, I swung it open and stared at him through narrowed eyes.
“Dara, let me explain. Can I come in?”
“No.”
I stepped out onto the front porch and closed the front door behind me. “Let me explain,” I said, pointing my finger at him. “You humiliated me in front of all my friends. You were on a date with me, but you left me standing there like an idiot while you left with her. Who does that?  Oh, wait…a pompous rakehell, a selfish cad, an arrogant asshat…that’s who. Do you know what those words mean or do you want me to hand you a dictionary?”
“There’s nothing wrong with my vocabulary. I may have flunked out of private school, but I’m not ignorant,” he snapped. “Look, Dara. I know you’re angry, but if you’ll just calm down and let me explain.”
“I don’t want you to explain,” I thundered. “I got the message loud and clear. It’s my own fault. I knew messing with you would be dangerous. I knew you’d make me care about you, and then you’d just leave, ready to move on to the next girl. I thought I saw another side of you. I thought you were smart and funny and kind. And it sucks to realize that I was wrong.”
“Dara,” he said softly, holding his hands out to me.
“Don’t touch me,” I whispered through clenched teeth. “I know you think everything’s about you, Stone, but I have problems of my own. I can’t deal with you right now.”
I turned on my heel, walked back into the house, and slammed the door in his face. I turned my cell phone off. If the house phone rang, I would refuse to answer it, although most of those calls were for Granny, anyway.
I cut off the television and closed myself up in my bedroom. I needed some serious alone time.

Stone

I stared at the front door. Only moments ago, she had been close enough that I could have reached out and touched her. The scent of her perfume had teased me, making me remember all the times I had held her in my arms, skimming her neck with kisses while breathing in her intoxicating fragrance. And I had wanted to wrap my arms around her then. I could see the pain etched on her face. I could hear it in her voice. I had wanted to explain my actions. It appeared that any reconciliation would be hopeless, except for the fact that she had insinuated that she cared about me. 
That one statement gave me hope. 
I rammed my hands through my hair, wondering how I could make this right. I needed to go home and regroup.
I texted Tom and told him that I wouldn’t be back at the store today. When I finally made it home, I avoided my parents on my way to my room and called Mike. 
“Hey, Mike. What’s up?”
“Nothing much, man,” Mike answered. 
“I need you to do me a favor. Text Crimson’s number to me.”
“Dang it, Stone. You’d better not be moving in on my girl.”
“If you want to make her your girl, you’d better get some swagger. Now text me her number. I want to talk to her about Dara.”
“Fine,” Mike grumbled. “Doing it now.”
I hung up and waited for his text. As soon as it arrived, I dialed her number.
“Hello.”  
“Crimson?”
“Who is this?”
“It’s Stone.”
“Stone!” she scolded. “Do you have any idea how heartbroken Dara is?”
“I just left her house, but she wouldn’t give me the chance to explain. I was wondering if you’ve talked to her today.”
“No. She’s not answering my calls or Scarlet’s calls. I did call and talk to Granny earlier, but she said that Dara wasn’t having a good day today. She also said that Dara’s mother came to see her.”
“Her mother?” I asked, surprised. Why hadn’t she said anything?  Then it dawned on me. She had told me that everything wasn’t about me and that she had problems of her own. I wished I had known. I would have knocked on the door again until she agreed to talk to me.
“Yeah. Granny didn’t say much about it, but I got the impression that it left Dara a little down in the dumps.”
“Why didn’t she tell me?”
“Um, hello?  Because you broke her heart last night, Romeo. Surely you realize that girls don’t particularly enjoy watching their Prince Charming ride off into the sunset with another woman. Or do you just not care?”
Her last question settled on my shoulders like a yoke. Is that what she thought after last night?  That I didn’t care?  Why shouldn’t she think that?  I had survived the last three years by not caring. But Dara changed things. Hell, I hadn’t wanted things to change, but it happened anyway. 
“I’ve got to go,” I informed her, eager to find a solution to my latest screw-up.
“Stone,” she shouted. A lengthy pause ensued as I waited for her to speak. “Despite your reputation, Dara sees something special in you. Don’t prove her wrong.”
“All I can say is that I warned her. Now, I really have to go.”
I hung up the phone. I knew Crimson wanted me to say that I wouldn’t hurt Dara, but I couldn’t guarantee anything. There was a time when I would have lied and said exactly that, not because I meant it, but because that’s exactly what she wanted to hear. For now, saying nothing was the best I could do.
I needed to talk to Dara. I needed to explain the situation with Jess, and I needed Dara to need to talk to me about her mother. As if that wasn’t enough things to need, I also needed a plan.
I had one mission. By the end of the day, Dara would need me.

***

The late afternoon sun cast a golden glow on the horizon. I pulled into Dara’s driveway in my mother’s car. I would have preferred my dad’s sports car, but seeing as we weren’t on the same wavelength these days, I knew my chances of borrowing it were slim to none, which was only slightly worse than normal.
After parking the car and walking to the front porch, I knocked loudly.
I shifted my feet as I waited for someone to answer the door. Casting a glance back to the driveway, I realized that Granny’s car was gone. Maybe Dara had met Crimson and Scarlet at Awesome Sauce. I should’ve called Crimson back before I came over to see if she had ever talked to Dara. 
I turned around to leave when I heard the door open. I spun back around and caught Dara giving me a wary gaze through the narrow opening.
“What do you want, Stone?”
She practically scalded me with the tone of her voice.
I moved closer to her, knowing that it would unsettle her. “Dara,” I said softly.
She said nothing more, just looked at me with her melancholy-filled eyes. I’d made more than my share of girls cry, and it was obvious from her tear-stained cheeks that Dara had been unhappy for a long while.
“Would you come out on the porch and talk to me?”  I reached for her face, and she pushed the door shut until the opening was no more than a tiny slit. “Just give me a few minutes, Dara. You can get up and go back in any time you want.”
She remained motionless. 
“Please, Dara. Just give me a chance to explain,” I cajoled. The door opened a little wider, and I reached in to caress her cheek with my fingertips. I could see the artery in the slender column of her neck begin to pulse as her heart rate sped up.
It gave me an odd sense of relief to see that my touch still affected her.
She opened the door a little wider and stepped onto the porch. She looked like hell, and I wasn’t prepared for the way it punched me in the gut. 
I tugged her into my arms. I didn’t say anything as she buried her face in my neck and clung to my torso. Her vulnerability was nearly my undoing. I gently stroked her back as her body shook with tears. 
“It’s okay, baby,” I whispered. “I’m here.”
She pulled back and looked at me, and the pain written across her delicate features made my heart lurch. 
“For how long?” she choked out between sobs.
Damn. I thrust my hands through my hair, not knowing how to answer that question. I’d never met a girl who could ask so many freaking questions. Or maybe I just had more difficulty telling Dara something because that’s what I thought she wanted to hear.
“I don’t know,” I answered. “I feel like I’m in uncharted territory.”
“Is that what you told Jessie?”
Would the questions never end?  “No. That’s not what I told Jess.”
I sat down in the rocker and motioned for her to sit across my lap. She plopped her tight, little bottom across my thighs and dangled her legs over the side of the rocker. Then, she looked at me, waiting for me to continue.
“When Jess told me that she loved me, it caught me completely off-guard. Our relationship was nothing like that. We liked to get together and hang out. No strings attached. She was as adamant about there being no strings as I was. Neither of us was looking for a relationship. I had no idea that she felt that way, and seeing as I had just rejected her in front of a whole crowd of people, I felt obligated to speak to her in private, to explain to her that I didn’t feel the same way, to tell her that I couldn’t see her anymore. Shit, Dara, since I met you everything has changed.”   
 I slid my palm across her legs, my fingertips dipping into the edge of her shorts. I placed my other palm at the nape of her neck and pulled her to me for a kiss. When I finally withdrew, I encircled my arms around her waist. “I’m sorry, Dara. I’m sorry that I hurt you last night. I just felt like I needed to explain everything to Jess, and I didn’t want to do it with a crowd of people surrounding us. I screwed up, but in my defense, she had just dropped two bombs on me. I had no idea that she had been the one leaving the notes, and I had no idea that she had any real feelings for me. Will you forgive me?”
She leaned over to me, cradling my face in her palms. “I’ll let you know.”
It was a better answer than I deserved, but I knew I could fully convince her to forgive me. Hell, as far as I was concerned, it was the only option. 
“Come on. I want to take you somewhere,” I said quietly.
“Where?”
“It’s a surprise.”
“Stone, I don’t really feel like going anywhere or seeing anyone.”
“Please, Dara. It’s somewhere private. You won’t have to see anyone but me.”  I motioned for her to stand up. “Come on. Let’s go.”
“But Stone….”
“Come on. I promise you that it’ll be worth it.”  I pulled her toward the car, and reluctantly, she agreed to go.
We drove up the mountain, and I pulled off onto a dirt road and drove approximately one mile before coming to a stop at the edge of some woods.
“Where are we?”
“We’re not far from my house. My parents own this property. Come on. There’s something I want to show you.”
We walked along a trail in the woods that led to a creek. I had been here earlier today, preparing everything for her. 
“Here it is,” I told her.
“This is it?” she asked. “You brought me to a mud hole?”
I laughed. “This isn’t just any mud hole. Luke and I used to love to ride our dirt bikes through this mud. We had a lot of fun here, and I wanted to share this spot with you.”  I walked over and picked up a couple of folded towels from the edge of the woods. I placed them near the mud hole. “Take your shoes off and have a seat.”
She looked at me a little surprised as I took my shoes and socks off, but she followed my lead and sat on the folded towel.
“I have a gift for you,” I said, retrieving a box from the edge of the woods and placing it across her silky thighs.
A small smile brightened her face. 
“I made it myself. It’s not much, but….”
Her slender fingers worked deftly at opening the thin, cardboard flap. When she peered into the box, her laughter floated around me, making me feel like a little less of a douche. 
“A mud pie!  It’s perfect!”
“You like it?” I asked, thinking she’d better. I’d never made a mud pie in my life, and I had a strong suspicion that if word got out, my manliness would take a good kick in the nuts. Not something I wanted to endure.
“I love it!” she squealed, poking her fingertips at the decorations.
“You once told me that mud pies were guaranteed to make the worst of days a little bit better. I know you’ve had a couple of crappy days, and I’d do pretty much anything to make you feel better.”  I pointed at the mud pie. “If that doesn’t prove it, I don’t know what would. I wanted you to know that I’ve been thinking about you. A lot.”
“The flowers are a nice touch,” she said, gently touching the petals of the blue wildflowers that forged an inner circle next to the pebbles that decorated the edge of the pie. Bright, yellow dandelions bloomed her name in the top center of the pie, and a perfect, red rose sprouted from the mud directly below it. “None of my mud pies were ever this pretty.”
“Well, here’s your chance.”  I walked to the edge of the woods that surrounded the mud hole and grabbed a basket that was filled with everything one might need to make a mud pie: pie tins, pebbles, assorted flowers, and sticks.
I set the basket on the ground beside her and took a seat on the folded towel that was on the other side of her.
“I really am sorry about last night, Dara. I do things without thinking, but I promise you that I never meant to hurt you.”
“Stone, I wish I could know that you truly mean that.”  Her lip quivered as tears streamed down her face. “I really need you right now.”
Watching her cry made me feel like shit. I took her face in my palms and kissed her tears away, welcoming the taste of the bitter salt if it would ease her pain. “I do mean it, Dara,” my lips whispered against her moist skin. “I’m here, baby.”
Soft sobs made her breath uneven. I pulled her against my chest and wrapped my arms around her, wanting to protect her from the evils of the world and wondering if I was one of them.
When she had finally calmed, I handed her a pie pan, and we both scooped up mud to fill it. I watched her smile as she lined up pebbles and flower petals, her feet sinking in the mud as she carefully constructed her mud pie.
I rose and walked a few feet away to rinse my hands in the creek. As I bent down to dip my hands into the cold water, I felt mud splatter against my back. I stood upright. “Oh, no, you didn’t.”  I turned to look at her and was rewarded with another splatter of mud against my shoulder.
I sprinted toward her, a peal of laughter erupting from her lips as she bent down, scooped up another handful, and pelted me in the chest.
When I reached the mud hole, I grabbed a handful and smeared it across her cheek. Her laughter tinkled through the air as she squinted and tried to fend me off with one, tiny hand.
In one quick move, I scooped her in my arms and laid her in the middle of the mud, my body pinning her in place.
Her smile dissipated, and she watched me intently with her vibrant green eyes. She reached up and touched my face with her mud-covered hands, stroking the edge of my jaw.
“Did I ever tell you that I’m happiest when I’m with you?” she asked, her whispery voice caressing me.
Her confession was my undoing. Girls had told me many things in my life, many of them not worth repeating, but no female had ever told me that I made her happy. 
I crushed my lips against hers, needing her to feel my urgency. I propped myself up with my left elbow as my right hand skimmed the edge of her body, feeling the gentle curve of her hip. I wanted to be closer to her. I pushed up the edge of her shirt, admiring the feel of her body against my mud-slickened hand. I pulled back, noting the contrast between the cool, dark mud and her warm, golden skin. I smoothed my hand across her flat belly, tracing a circle around her belly button ring.
My blood was pumping, and I pulled her into a sitting position long enough to pull her shirt over her head. My hands left muddy prints as I touched her pristine, white, lacy bra and unfastened the front enclosure.
Her hands wrapped firmly around my back, pulling me closer to her.
“You’re right,” I whispered. “Mud pies are a lot of fun.”
 





Chapter 12

Dara

Pink and white mints shaped like hearts, doves, and flowers graced the food table. Their sugar coating glistened like diamond dust in the bright light of Crimson and Scarlet’s salon. In addition to the beautiful mints, Mrs. Cruze, Crimson and Scarlet’s mother, had also made vegetable quiche cups and a sparkling, pink punch. A cupcake tree on each end of the table bloomed white cupcakes decorated in a variety of trims from tiny pink roses to pink polka dots. Tiny white cups of nuts arranged in neat rows and plain potato chips offered the guests a salty treat to offset the sweets. Finger sandwiches and gherkin pickles rounded out the meal. 
The gift table, covered in a white table cloth with elegant pink tulle draped around the sides, boasted a bouquet of pink and white balloons, a photo of Granny and Mr. Milton, and an ever-growing pile of gifts, wrapped in glossy papers and decorated with pastel ribbons and bows.
I beamed as I stood back and admired the tables. Crimson, Scarlet, Mrs. Cruze, and I had spent the last day and a half making food and decorating, but as we waited for the remaining guests to arrive, we could all feel good about what we had accomplished. Everything had turned out even better than I had hoped.
I glanced at Granny, who was chatting happily with Shirley, her sister from Nashville. Watching them as they sat next to each other, it was easy to see the resemblance.
At the sound of a motorcycle, I looked out the window and watched as Stone pulled into the bookstore’s parking lot and circled around the back of the building. He and I had agreed to get together after the bridal shower. We had gotten along well together the last few days, and we had spent most of our free time riding the motorcycle or sitting in Quail Mountain Park or on my front porch talking. I had told him everything that happened on my visit with my mother. When I was with him, everything seemed easier to deal with. He encouraged me to be cautious, but to talk to my mother. He thought we could both benefit from getting to know each other. I had taken his advice and had spoken to her on the phone a couple of times since our last meeting. It was a bit awkward, but I was willing to see where the relationship would go.
Granny’s bridal shower progressed perfectly. Guests had a wonderful time playing games, chatting, and watching Granny open her gifts. Since she had always taken care of me, it made me happy to be able to do something for her. I watched her as she thanked her guests before they left, and she seemed truly blissful. Mr. Milton had been good for her. It relieved me to know that he would be with her now to keep her company. I had one year of high school left, and although I wasn’t sure what my plans would be afterward, I knew it wasn’t likely that I would live with Granny much longer, unless, of course, she needed me. 
After most of the guests had left, Stone walked into the salon with a dark-haired woman. He didn’t venture far into the building, choosing instead to hover right inside the door. He called me to him.
“Dara, I’d like you to meet my mother, Olivia Hamilton,” Stone said, placing a hand at the small of my back.
His mother was quite pretty with long, dark hair and a genuine smile.
“Dara, it’s very nice to meet you. Stone will have to bring you over to the house one night, so that you can have dinner with us.”
“It’s nice to meet you, too, Mrs. Hamilton. We were just having a bridal shower for my grandmother.”  I thought about introducing my grandmother, but as I turned around, she was engrossed in conversation with her sister. “She’s over there in the pink blouse. Would you like some food?  We have plenty left, and I could introduce you to her.”
“I appreciate it, but I need to go. When Stone told me you were across the street, I forced him to bring me over to meet you. I wish I had time to stay, but I have an appointment shortly. We’ll get together soon, though.”
“Sounds good,” I agreed.
“Walk with us out to her car,” Stone said, “and then I’ll come back inside with you.”
“Your grandmother looks so familiar,” Mrs. Hamilton commented, as she turned to go out to the parking lot. “What’s your last name, Dara?”
I followed them to Mrs. Hamilton’s car. “My last name is Golding, but my grandmother’s name is Baxter, Helen Baxter.”
“Baxter,” she repeated to herself. Her head snapped in my direction. She glared at me, a look of horror written on her delicate features. “Oh, my gosh, the trial.”  It came out a whisper.
“Is Ford Baxter your father?” Mrs. Hamilton asked, her voice much louder with a touch of hysteria. 
“Mom, her dad is deceased.”  Stone took his mother by the arm. “Her family has nothing to do with that,” he soothed.
“Stone, I recognize her grandmother from the trial.”  His mother watched his face as she enunciated each word.
Feelings of shock and horror burned their way through my veins. My stomach churned, and a wave of nausea swept over me as if I were standing in a rowboat during a horrendous ocean storm.
Stone looked at me pleadingly. “Tell her your father is dead, Dara.”
I opened my mouth, but the words would not come out. I swallowed hard, trying to keep my cupcakes and mints from clawing their way up my esophagus.
“Dara?”  Stone’s voice was low.
I wasn’t exactly sure what my father had done to them, but it was obviously nothing good. Had he broken into their house and stolen from them?  I could feel the hot tears springing into my eyes. My dad had screwed things up for me once again. “He’s not dead, Stone. He’s in jail.”  He had been in and out of jail his entire life.
“Shit,” Stone bit out caustically. “You lied to me?”
I pursed my lips together, not trusting my voice to speak. Trying desperately to compose myself, I inhaled deeply. It didn’t work. 
“Let’s go, Stone,” his mother said quietly.
Stone grasped me by the upper arms, demanding my attention. “You lied to me?”  His voice was low and dangerous.
I nodded my head. 
His jaw ticked as he clenched his teeth together. “You knew your father killed my brother, and you lied to me about it?”
Killed his brother?  Then it dawned on me. Luke. The tears flowed over my cheeks, and there was nothing I could do to hold them back. I swallowed again, afraid that I wouldn’t be able to hold the vomit back, either. I wanted to explain, but they were both glaring at me, and while I hadn’t made the connection between Luke and my father, I knew they wouldn’t believe me. Why should they?  I had just admitted to lying about my father.
“I thought you were different,” Stone whispered, his hands still firmly wrapped around my biceps. “I can’t believe you knew, and you didn’t tell me.”
He turned to leave.
“Stone!” I called out.
He stopped where he was, but he didn’t turn around.
“I didn’t know,” I said around my sobs, not knowing whether he could understand me. “I didn’t know!”
He turned slowly, glaring at me. “You didn’t know what?  You didn’t know your father was alive?  Or you didn’t know he killed my brother?”
“What was I supposed to say?” I shouted. “‘Hi, my name’s Dara. Oh, by the way, my father’s rotting in jail because he killed someone while driving drunk.’  Stone, when you asked me about my father, I was embarrassed of the truth. I don’t have parents like yours. I did lie, but you never told me that Luke was killed by a drunk driver. I didn’t know that the driver you mentioned…was my father. Stone, I didn’t know!”
He started walking again, never turning around to face me. He got in the car with his mother, and they drove away, leaving me standing there to wallow in yet another puddle of misery created by my parents.
I ran to the grass strip on the edge of the parking lot, losing my battle with the cupcakes.



Chapter 13

Dara

A sad, lackluster image stared back at me in the mirror. I dabbed on an extra layer of concealer to hide the dark circles under my eyes.
Two days had passed since I had last spoken to Stone at my grandmother’s bridal shower. I tried to call him, but he wouldn’t answer.
Today was the first day that I was scheduled to work since the incident, and I hoped that he would be there, so that I could explain.
An hour later, I walked into the bookstore, my nerves on edge as I mentally tried to remain calm.
“Hey, Tom,” I greeted as I approached the counter.
He stood up from his seat at the computer. “Dara, I need to talk to you.”
I knew something was wrong. Normally, Tom barely even looked up from the spreadsheet that was consuming him at the moment.
He handed me an envelope. “Stone wanted me to let you know that we don’t need your services anymore.”
My jaw dropped. “He fired me?”
“Technically, it’s a layoff.”
I took the envelope and stared at the wall behind Tom, while my mind thought of all the repercussions of being laid off. I would no longer be working with Stone, and I would be that much further away from reaching my goal of purchasing a car.
“He can’t do this to me,” I whispered.
“I’m sorry, Dara,” Tom said.
“Is he here?” I asked, hoping that I could speak to him, that maybe if I explained, everything would be all right.
“He hasn’t been here in two days. I don’t know when he’ll be back.”
“You’ve been running the bookstore by yourself?” I asked, afraid that everything that needed to get done wouldn’t get done. Was he helping all of the customers who needed help?
“Yeah,” Tom answered. “The restocking is a little behind, but Stone knows about it. He assured me that it would be handled.”
“Oh,” I said, nodding. “Well, I guess I’ll see you later, Tom. It’s been nice working with you.”
“You, too, Dara,” he said. “I really am sorry.”
I smiled in an attempt to hide the emotions that roiled within me. “I’ll be fine.”
I quickly turned and went back to Granny’s car. When I climbed in the driver’s seat, I sat quietly for a moment, resting my forehead against the steering wheel.
I was normally a glass-half-full kind of girl, but with everything that had been happening lately, I was struggling not to feel sorry for myself.
The only bright spot in my life at the moment was Granny’s upcoming nuptials and the fact that she was deliriously happy.
I stared at the envelope in my hands. My name was written across the front in Stone’s slightly untidy handwriting.
I slid a nail under the edge of the flap and opened the envelope. Taking a deep breath, I pulled out the contents. I had a formal separation notice, which basically confirmed that I had been laid off, and a check for fifteen hundred dollars. Shocked, I read the pale yellow sticky note that clung to it. To help with your car. Sorry things didn’t work out.
Staring at the check, I realized that I now had enough money to get a car, but it was the sticky note that caused a lump of gloom to lodge in my throat. Sorry things didn’t work out. What things?  The job?  Or our relationship?  
As much as I wanted him to be referring to the job, I knew that what he meant was that it was over between us. My heart dropped in my chest, and I fought the urge to cry. If he could discard me so easily, he wasn’t worth my tears.
But I also knew he had been dealt quite a blow. I needed to explain things to him, and if he still felt the same way, then so be it.
Frustrated, I crammed the papers back in the envelope and stared out the windshield. Why hadn’t I listened to my intuition when I had first considered dating Stone?  I knew it was easy for him to move from girl to girl, but I foolishly thought that I could be the one, that I could make him love me. He paid me a little bit of attention, and I had allowed him into my heart. 
He had been right when he had told me that I wanted him. Even now, it was true.
When I was with him, I felt vivacious. As much as I aggravated him about being conceited, I loved that he exuded self-confidence. I had seen a side of him at the bookstore that I would probably never have seen at school. He had taught me a lot about business and had given me the opportunity to use my ideas to increase sales. I looked at the bookstore in my rearview mirror. That opportunity was gone now, and I would miss working there. I would miss feeling like I had a purpose, and I desperately hoped that Stone’s father wouldn’t close Quail Mountain Books.
But it was the way that Stone made me feel when I was with him that I would miss the most. When I was in his arms, all the hurts and sorrows of my world seemed less traumatic. He made me feel things that I had never felt. I would miss the way my heart hammered at his nearness, the smell of his cologne, the way he skimmed his fingertips across my skin. Just thinking about him sent a tingle along my spine.
Realizing that I couldn’t sit in the parking lot all day, I decided to call Chance about buying the car that his father had been holding for me. At least that would give me something to keep me busy.
I went by the credit union to get the cash for the car. Chance had agreed to pick me up at my house and take me to his father’s car lot.
As we pulled out of the driveway in his convertible, he asked, “So, how have you been, Dara?”
I wondered if he had heard that Stone and I had an argument. I had been somewhat vague when telling Crimson and Scarlet what had transpired. While I imagined that some people on Quail Mountain knew that my father had killed someone three years ago, I didn’t think that most of my friends were aware of it, and I certainly didn’t want to advertise it. Also, it wasn’t my place to tell anyone about Luke. If Stone wanted people at school to know, then they would have to hear it from him.
“I’ve been better.”
“Why do you let him treat you like that?” Chance asked, reaching down and squeezing my hand that rested on the edge of the bucket seat.
“Like what?” I asked, feeling defensive of Stone. “He didn’t do anything to me. We just had a disagreement.”
“Dara, the guy’s a jerk. You can do so much better.”
“You don’t know him the way that I know him. Does he do things he shouldn’t?  Yes. Does that mean he’s a bad guy?  No, Chance, he’s not a bad guy.”
“Yeah, I can tell,” he muttered sarcastically.
“He has a right to be angry with me, Chance.”
“How’s that?”
“I don’t want to talk about it.”
We rode for a few moments in silence, the warm, July wind whipping our hair. My thoughts constantly revolved around Stone, and I hoped I could catch him at the bookstore soon.
“Why don’t you get back together with me, Dara?  I miss you. We were good together.”
I looked at Chance. He was sweet and handsome, a nice catch, but he wasn’t Stone. It wouldn’t take him long to find a girlfriend once he decided to move on.
When I didn’t answer, he continued, “At least go out with me.”
“Chance, I can’t. We agreed to go our separate ways, remember?”  I smiled at him.
“I think we made a mistake.”
I didn’t respond immediately. I felt bad enough that I had lied to Stone. I didn’t want to hurt Chance, too.
“It’s him, isn’t it?” Chance asked.
“Even if he wasn’t in the picture, I don’t know that I would want to get back together. But since I met Stone, I can’t get him out of my head, you know?”
“Yeah, I know what you mean,” Chance answered, staring hard at me and giving me a sad smile. “I don’t think he deserves you, but I hope he realizes how lucky he is.”
“Thanks, Chance.”
“And if you ever change your mind, you know all you have to do is call me,” he said as he pulled into his father’s car lot.
“If I ever change my mind, you’ll be the first to know.”
He pulled up in front of the building. “There she be.”  He pointed to a shiny, red compact car. “My father had his mechanic check her out for you to make sure everything is in working order. She has a lot of miles on her, but she’s still a good, little car.”
“I love it!” I squealed, hopping out of his car and running to peer in the windows.
“It’s open,” Chance said. “I have the keys in my pocket. You want to take her for a test drive?”
“Yes!”  I slid in behind the steering wheel, admiring the black, cloth interior. While it wasn’t perfect, the interior was in good shape, and it was extremely clean.
He handed me the keys. I put them in the ignition, and she cranked beautifully. “I’m so excited!”
We drove around town on the nearby streets. When I pulled back into the car lot, I couldn’t wait to pay his dad and officially make it my car.
“So, do you want it?” Chance asked.
“Yes, yes, yes!” I exclaimed.
He laughed. “Let’s go see my dad.”
Mr. Murray was seated at his large, mahogany desk, working on paperwork. When we entered his office, he peered at me over his reading glasses and smiled. “Hello, Dara. How are you?”
“I’m good, Mr. Murray. You?”
“Better than I deserve. Did you like the car?”
I beamed. “I love it!  Thank you so much for helping me.”
“You’re welcome. I’ve already spoken to your grandmother to make sure she agreed to the purchase, and I gave her all the information, so that she could arrange for liability insurance. I had everything inspected, so it should be in tip-top shape. If you have any problems, let Chance know or just give me a call.”
“I will.”  I handed him the money, and he pulled out the paperwork from a stack on his desk.
He insisted that I read all the documents, so that I would be fully aware of what I was signing. 
“Okay. You’re done.”
“It’s mine now?”
“She’s all yours. I’ll apply for the tag and the title, and you should get those in the mail soon.”
I stood up and shook his hand. “Thank you, Mr. Murray.”  I couldn’t prevent the silly grin that spread across my face. I finally had my own car. Then I realized that it wouldn’t have happened without Stone’s generosity. Of course, if he hadn’t laid me off, I could’ve continued working until I had saved up enough money. 
Chance walked me to my car.
“So what’re you going to name her?” he asked, leaning against the front quarter panel.
“Name her?”
“Yeah. Every car has to have a name.”
I looked at my little, red car. I had no idea what to name her. “I don’t know. I’ll have to give it some thought.”
“You need to. You can’t properly bond with your car if she doesn’t have a name.”
“How do you know it’s a she?”
“Because they’re all named after women. Just like boats.”
“Maybe my car’s a guy,” I suggested.
“Maybe it is,” he agreed, chuckling. “If that’s the case, then you should name it Chance. Add a little swag to your first vehicle.”
I slowly nodded. “I’ll keep that in mind.”
“That would be the whole point. To keep me in mind,” Chance clarified. 
I cracked a smile. “You’re relentless.”
“Yeah, well, I screwed up. I should’ve never let you go. Now, you’re in love with someone else.”
“I never said I was in love,” I corrected.
“You didn’t have to.”
I stared at him in stunned silence.
“Well,” he said, pushing himself away from the car, “I’ve got to go. My mom wants me to check on my grandmother.”
“Okay. Tell everyone I said ‘hi’.”
“I will. See ya later, Dara.”
“Bye.”  I watched him as he walked to his car. Then, I hopped in my new car, letting the thrill of the moment wash over me. I knew Stone wouldn’t be at work today, so I tried to decide where I should go first. I finally decided to start with Granny, and then I would find Crimson and Scarlet.
Disappointment that I couldn’t share this moment with Stone settled in the pit of my stomach, but I refused to allow it to put a damper on my first day of having my very own car.
I cranked the engine, relieved that I had met my main goal for the summer. But my heart was already setting another goal, even though my head had reservations.
Make Stone mine.

***

It was the first day of August. A little over a week had gone by since I had purchased my car. I had texted and called Stone, still with no response, and it was making me crazy. I had given him space, thinking in a few days, he might contact me, but my theory had been a complete failure. So I had made the decision to go back to the bookstore. I was up bright and early, showered and dressed, waiting for it to open. If he would just let me explain, maybe we could put this behind us and move forward with our relationship. I had considered explaining in a text, but I really wanted to do it in person, to see his response, to let him see my face and feel my sincerity. 
I paced impatiently, unable to eat breakfast. When it was finally time for the bookstore to open, I drove my car to town, feeling incredibly nervous about our impending confrontation.
I parked in my usual parking space, turned the ignition off, and sat quietly, trying to psych myself up. I checked my makeup in the mirror, took a deep breath, and opened the car door.
On my way to the front door, I rehearsed what I would say over and over in my mind. When I thought about some of the things that I had gone through in my life, this seemed like it shouldn’t be quite so difficult. But Stone was important to me. He had shared his innermost secrets with me, and I had lied to him about mine. 
It felt like a thousand needles pricked my skin as I walked through the glass door, the bell chiming, and headed toward the counter.
“Hey, Tom,” I greeted.
“Hi, Dara. He’s not here.”
“He’s not?”
Tom shook his head. “I guess you haven’t heard.”
“Heard what?” I asked, apprehension flowing through my body like hot lava. “Did something happen to him?”
“No, Stone’s fine, but his father’s closing the bookstore.”
“Oh, no,” I moaned. “Why?”
“We missed the profit level that he set for July by about nine hundred dollars, so he’s pulling the plug.”
“Just nine hundred dollars?  Can’t he give it another month?”
“He’s a businessman. He’s not emotionally attached to the project. It’s all a numbers game.”  Tom adjusted his glasses.
“But it’s important to Stone.”  I realized that it was important to Tom, too. “Will you be out of a job?”
“I don’t know yet. His father may find me a place with one of his other businesses, or I may have to start sending out my resume. I should know next week.”
“Nine hundred dollars,” I repeated, thinking Stone was so close to meeting his father’s goal. Then, a horrible thought occurred to me. “The fifteen hundred dollar check he gave me?  That’s what made him come up short, isn’t it?”
Tom started to open his mouth, but closed it again. 
“I feel horrible.”  I sunk against the counter, palming my face. 
“Dara, he and I had a discussion about that. He knew there was a good chance that he would fall just short of his father’s goal. It was a risk he was willing to take. He wanted you to have that money.”
“If I still had it, I’d give it back to him, but I bought a car.”
“Good,” Tom said, patting me awkwardly on the shoulder. “That’s what he wanted you to do.”
“When you see him, will you tell him that I came by?”
“I certainly will,” Tom promised, pushing his shaggy hair away from his eyes.
“Thanks, Tom.”  I smiled at him. “Good luck. I hope Mr. Hamilton finds you another position.”
“I appreciate that. Good luck to you, too.”
I gave him a slight wave as I turned and left the building.
Sitting in my car, I couldn’t help but feel guilty. If Stone hadn’t given me the money, his father wouldn’t be closing the store. I justified it, thinking that Stone shouldn’t have laid me off, but either way, it didn’t matter. What was done was done. We needed to find a solution.
I texted Stone, begging him to talk to his father, to tell him how important the bookstore was to him and how it reminded him of Luke. I had never met Mr. Hamilton, but if there was any decency in him at all, surely if he knew that Stone wanted the store as a tribute to Luke, he could find a way to keep the store open, at least for a little while longer.
Despair closed in on me. It was bad enough that Stone was angry with me and refused to speak to me, but now he would lose the bookstore, too.
I cranked my car engine. I needed to talk to Granny.



Chapter 14

Stone

Despite the fact that my parents were home, the house was quiet, most likely because my parents and I were avoiding each other. Every time we spoke, it turned into a shouting match. I knew I hadn’t been helping matters. I was still pissed that Dara had lied to me. She claimed that she hadn’t known it was her father that had killed Luke, but how could I believe that?  How could she not know?  
That wasn’t the kind of thing one kept a secret.
Just when I thought my life didn’t quite suck, it bit me in the ass to remind me just how screwed up everything was and that there was no escaping.
I stared at the ceiling as I lay in my bed. I had no desire to get up. There was no one to see, nowhere to go. Why show up at the bookstore?  Tom assured me that he had it handled, and it would be closing soon, anyway. Not to mention that Dara wouldn’t be there. The motivation to work had been sucked out of me, leaving nothing but the hollow feeling of worthlessness in its place. I ran my fingers through my hair. How much more screwed up could my life get?  I couldn’t even call Jess now. There was no way I was going to contact her after she had professed her love for me when I didn’t feel the same. I knew everyone thought I was a prick, but I didn’t screw with girls’ feelings, which is why I normally chose to hang out with girls who were as emotionally unattached as I was.
There were other girls I could call, but Dara had changed things.
I rubbed my bare chest. I had tried to block her from my mind, and I had been successful at ignoring most of her texts. I did open one that she had sent me yesterday, and although I hadn’t responded to her, I thought about her words. She wanted me to talk to my dad about the bookstore, and while her arguments made sense, I just didn’t know if I was up for sharing my feelings with my father. We weren’t touchy-feely kind of guys, and I had no intention of starting now.
A knock sounded at my door. I said nothing, hoping that whoever it was would think I was asleep and go away.
“Stone?” my mother’s voice called cautiously.
“Yeah?”
“Can I come in?”
“Yeah.”
My mom cracked the door open and stepped inside. “We have a visitor. Why don’t you get dressed and meet us in the great room?”
“Mom, I really don’t feel….”
“It’s Dara’s grandmother.”
That got my attention. I pushed myself up on my elbow. “What’s she doing here?”
“She wants to talk to us, all of us.”
“What’s there to talk about?” I asked.
“I don’t know, but it seems very important to her that we all listen to what she has to say. I want you to get dressed and join us in the great room.”
I rolled out of bed. “Fine.”  I had to confess that this turn of events had piqued my curiosity.
My mother stepped out of my room and gently closed the door. I pulled on a pair of jeans and a tee shirt, combed my hair, and walked barefoot to the great room, where my father and mother were already discussing the weather with Granny.
Granny was perched on the edge of her chair. In my mind, she was the quintessential grandmother with her soft, gray curls that framed a kind, wrinkled face, her easy smile, and her blue polyester pantsuit.
“Granny, how are you?” I asked, as I entered the room from the hallway.
“I’m doing good. It’s Dara that I’m worried about,” she said, her hands folded primly in her lap. “I know y’all are wondering what I’m doing here, and I just want a few minutes of your time to explain some things to you. I’m not asking you to respond. I just want to say my piece.”
“Okay,” I agreed, taking a seat by my mother on the couch. 
Granny looked at my mom, and she gave Granny an encouraging nod.
“I know that because of the actions of my son, y’all have lost your son. If I could, I would gladly give up my life, if it would mean that your son could be here with you, safe and sound.
“I lost my son a long time ago to alcoholism. Believe me, I tried to get him some help, but nothing worked. He would disappear for months at a time. Dara rarely even saw him. When the incident happened, I didn’t tell Dara. She was only fourteen years old, and well, I just didn’t know how to break the news to her. When it was time for the trial, I sent Dara to stay with my niece in Nashville. She didn’t know what was going on. She just thought she was visiting them for the summer. When she came back, I did tell her that her father had killed someone while driving under the influence and that he had been incarcerated. I never told her about the victim because he was close to her own age, and I didn’t want to upset her. She never asked any questions. I thought it was probably better that way. I wanted to protect her, so I told her not to tell anyone. Since Dara has her mother’s last name, I figured that most people at school wouldn’t make the connection between Dara and her father.
“Dara told me that she had lied to you, Stone, about her father, but when she told you she didn’t know he had killed your brother, she was telling the truth. I didn’t make the connection, either. 
“Dara’s heartbroken. Be mad at my son. Be mad at me. But please, don’t hold it against Dara.”  She held up her hands. “I don’t want you to say anything. Just please think about it.”
My mother nodded her head. “We will, Mrs. Baxter. We just want you to understand how difficult the entire situation is for us.”
“Believe me, honey, I understand.”  Granny handed me an envelope. “Dara wanted me to give this to you.”
I took it from her, staring at Dara’s neat handwriting. Then, my eyes met Granny’s. “Thanks for coming by.”
My father rose, shook her hand, and opened the front door for her.
After she had left, we all sat in the great room, discussing her visit.
“We shouldn’t hold the girl or her grandmother responsible,” my father said.
“I don’t think it’s a matter of anyone holding them responsible,” my mother countered. “It’s just being around them brings it all back.”
“Olivia, Luke’s gone. We all have to accept that and move on,” Dad said.
“Then why, even now, do you blame me for his death?” I asked him, anger bubbling up inside of me.
“Blame you?” he asked. “Is that what you think?”
“Things have been different since his death. Between us, I mean,” I told my father. “It’s been different since I told you that I had dared him to leave the house that night.”
“Was I aggravated that you would encourage anyone to sneak out of the house?  Yes. Just like I’ve been aggravated all the times that you’ve been caught sneaking out of the house. Was the accident your fault?  No, Stone, it wasn’t. Luke made the decision to leave the house that night. You didn’t force him. He should’ve been home, but he wasn’t the one driving under the influence. At over twice the legal limit, I might add. The guy was in Luke’s lane. The blame rests solely on Ford Baxter’s shoulders, and no one else’s.
“All this time, you thought I blamed you?” he continued, a look of shock on his face.
“Why wouldn’t I?  Nothing I do is ever good enough for you. You’re always telling me that I’m screwing up, that Luke would’ve done things differently. I know that you wish that Luke was here, not me.”  I turned and rushed toward my room.
“That’s not true. Come back here, Stone,” my father thundered.
“Let him go,” my mother said softly.
I put on my shoes, grabbed my keys, and stormed out through the basement door. I needed to talk to Dara.
I texted her and asked her if she could meet me at Quail Mountain Park. In less than a minute, she had texted me back, telling me that she was on her way.
Since I lived closer to the park, I arrived first. I parked my motorcycle in the shade and waited for her beneath the weeping willow tree.
When she arrived, I stepped out from under the willow branches. “Hey,” I said when she was close enough to hear me. She looked exhausted and disheveled. 
“Hey, Stone.”  
“How’ve you been?”
Instead of answering me, she sprinted toward me and flung her arms around my neck, nearly knocking me off balance. “I’m sorry, Stone. I’m sorry that I lied to you.”
I didn’t respond. I just held her close, realizing how much I had missed her over the last couple of weeks. She smelled good, and I buried my face in her hair.
I pulled her away from my neck and looked at her. “Dammit, Dara, don’t you understand?  You were the one person that made me want to give a damn.”  I rammed my hands through my hair. “I thought I could trust you.”
“You can,” she whispered, leaning into my chest. “I was just embarrassed. Having to tell people that your father is in jail is….”
“It’s okay, Dara. I get it. I just wished you would’ve trusted me enough to tell me the truth later, after we had gotten to know each other. It was just such a shock.”
“And you think it wasn’t a shock for me?” she asked, her eyes wide. “What?  What is it, Stone?
“Dara, it’s just….”
Her lips quivered, and her eyes pooled with tears. I looked away. She knew. She knew what I was going to say.
“Stone, please…,” her voice trailed off.
I couldn’t speak. What I needed to say to her would be painful. I watched the emotions on her face, knowing that she understood all too well the words that were lining up on the tip of my tongue. I wanted things to be different, but it felt as though the entire universe worked against us.
“You haven’t changed your mind, have you?” she asked, her voice cracking as she spoke softly. “You’re done with me.”
“Don’t say it like that, Dara.”
“How else should I say it?” she screamed.
“Calm down,” I whispered in an effort to quiet her. 
The tears streamed down her face. “I knew that I should’ve stayed away from you.”
“And I warned you to do just that, Dara. Didn’t I tell you that I wasn’t the good guy?”
“Don’t do it, Stone. Don’t push me away. That’s what you always do.”
I exhaled loudly. “It’s all I know to do, Dara. It will never work between us.”
“How can you say that?  Because of my father?  Don’t punish me for what my father did, Stone.”
“I’m not trying to punish you.”
She sobbed uncontrollably. “Well, it feels like I’m being punished. You make me fall in love with you, and then you just walk out of my life like everyone else does.”
“What did you say?” I asked, grasping her upper arms and forcing her to look at me.
“I love you, Stone,” she whispered.
This girl scared the hell out of me, but I would be a liar if I didn’t admit that I liked the sound of that.
I closed the distance between us and kissed her urgently. When we were both breathless, I leaned my forehead against hers. “Dara, I need more time to think things through. I just don’t know if I can do this.”
Silent tears slid down her cheeks, and she nodded.
“Before I go, I have something for you.”  I went to the backpack fastened to my motorcycle and pulled out the small gift I had wrapped for her.
I handed it to her. “It’s not much, but I thought of you when I saw it. Take it as a peace offering. No matter what happens between us, I want us to be friends.”
I placed it in her hands. 
She quickly unwrapped it and smiled through her tears. “A hummingbird keychain.”
“Tom told me that you had gotten a car. I thought you might need a keychain, and the hummingbird made me think of you.”  I laughed before I let the bleakness of the entire situation settle back in my bones. “You don’t know how much I wanted to be your sweet drink of nectar.”
“Stone….”
I held my finger to her lips to silence her. I couldn’t deal with this right now, and I turned and hurried toward my motorcycle. After our conversation, I had a lot to think about, and I needed to ride.



Chapter 15

Stone

It had been so long since I had given a shit about anything that I had difficulty deciding what I should do. I ached to talk to Dara, but with the new revelation regarding her father, I needed some space from her. Damn it. Just when it appeared that I might actually be able to end the crazy ass ride I’d been on for the last three years by braking to a nice, slow stop instead of crashing and burning in a fiery wreck as I toppled over a cliff, life threw another gut-wrenching twist at me. Could I have a relationship with her without thinking about the atrocity that happened to Luke?  It was bad enough that I carried my own burden where he was concerned. Could I take on the burden of looking at her every day, knowing that her father was the one who killed him?
I considered calling Mike but changed my mind. He was my only real male friend. After I left boarding school, communication with my friends had eventually come to a screeching halt. When I started Quail Mountain High, I really had no desire to socialize, except for the girls who were merely pawns to take my mind off of my miserable life. 
I wondered when things had started to change. Dara was certainly a catalyst, but I thought perhaps the change started a few months after my father bought the bookstore. In an odd way, the bookstore made me feel closer to Luke because he would have loved it. He had enjoyed reading for as long as I could remember. Personally, I could never understand it. Sometimes, instead of riding his dirt bike, he would sit outside under a tree and read, looking up occasionally to see what I was doing.
I looked out my bedroom window, visualizing Luke under the old oak, an open book across his lap. I wished that he was here, even if it meant that I wasn’t. Luke wouldn’t be wasting his life the way I had been. And there it was. Maybe that’s what my father had been hinting at all this time. Shit. I owed it to Luke to take advantage of…life. It was a precious commodity, and one never knew when death would come calling.
I exhaled, letting some of my troubles dissipate with my breath. For the first time since Luke had died, I needed to talk to my father.
I spotted him through the large windows at the back of the house. He was sitting on the back patio with a cup of coffee in his hand, his reading glasses perched on his nose, and a newspaper spread across his lap. 
I walked through the kitchen, opened the back door, and stepped into the early morning sunlight as it peered over the mountaintops, casting a golden hue over the treetops.
“Dad.”
He glanced up from the paper. “Yeah, son?”
“I don’t want you to close the bookstore. I need a little more time.”
He looked exasperated. “Stone, we’ve already talked about this. The line has to be drawn somewhere. I can’t throw good money after bad.”
“Dad,” I began, ramming my hands through my hair, “sometimes things are about more than just money.”
He looked at me, as if waiting for me to explain my comment. 
I blew a breath out, preparing myself for an awkward conversation. “The bookstore reminds me of Luke. I feel a connection to him when I’m there, like he would approve of what I’m doing, you know?”
My dad sat quietly for a moment, pondering my words.
“Dad, this is important to me.”  All my emotions hit me at once, and I cursed as I struggled to get them under control. I pinched the bridge of my nose. I hadn’t shed one tear in front of another human being since I was in elementary school, and I wasn’t going to start crying like a lovesick schoolgirl now. “I’ve been engulfed in darkness for so long, knowing that it should’ve been me. I should be the dead one. Not Luke.”
My dad set down his coffee and brushed the paper to the ground, and in one fluid motion, he stood in front of me, grasping my arms. “Stone, don’t say that. If I’ve ever said anything that would make you think that, then I’m sorry. It was never in my thoughts, and it was never my intent. I love you both. I’ve only tried to push you because you haven’t been the same since he died, and it scares the hell out of me. I’ve lost one son. I don’t want to lose another one.”
I was doing pretty well at holding the shit in until I saw the tears in my dad’s eyes. That’s when I lost it. “I miss him so much, Dad.”
My dad pulled me to his chest. “I know, son. We all do.”
I could feel the tears burning as three years of pain, guilt, and anguish rushed to the surface. “He would still be here if it wasn’t for me. It’s my fault that he’s dead, Dad.”
He hugged me hard. “No, son. It’s not your fault. Let it go. Luke wouldn’t want this for you. He wouldn’t want you to be in so much pain.”
I nodded my head as I struggled to regain my composure. I knew that if our roles had been reversed, I wouldn’t have wanted Luke to blame himself. But that didn’t necessarily make it any easier.
He finally let go and looked at me. “I’m sorry, Stone. I’ve failed you. I knew you were hurting, but I didn’t know how to help you. You refused the counseling and support groups. I didn’t know what else to do.”
“The bookstore helps, Dad.”
“I had no idea the bookstore meant so much to you. You’re right. Luke would approve. If you want to make a go of it, then why don’t we give it another six months?  Then, we can step back and take another look at it.”
I couldn’t stop the grin that shot across my face as relief flowed through my body. I felt as if a crushing burden had been lifted from my lungs, as if for once, I had done something right. “Thanks, Dad. I’m going to make Luke proud.”
My dad pursed his lips and nodded his head. “Yeah, you will. You’ve already made me proud, son.”  He sat back down, scooping up his newspaper and retrieving his coffee. “Now, get out of here. You’ve got a bookstore to run, and from everything I’ve heard about Dara Golding, I wouldn’t let her slip through my fingers if I were you.”
I turned to leave, grateful to my father for his unsolicited advice where Dara was concerned. After hearing his comment, I knew that he would have no issues with Dara if I continued dating her, which most likely meant that he and my mother had discussed it. If my father had no issues, it was a pretty safe bet that my mother wouldn’t, either. 
Now, I had to figure out whether I would. 

Dara

The small wedding chapel was decorated beautifully on the day of Granny’s wedding. Tears filled my eyes as Granny and Mr. Milton spoke their wedding vows and promised their undying devotion to each other. They made the sweetest couple, and my heart swelled at the love they shared. I missed my Papa, but Mr. Milton was a good man. He would make Granny happy.
I didn’t notice Stone until after the cake-cutting ceremony at the reception. Looking extremely handsome in a black suit, he sat alone at a small table in the back of the room, and he was watching me.
Slowly, I made my way to him, greeting guests as I meandered along the circuitous path between the tables. Up close, he nearly took my breath away. He stood as I approached, his ice blue eyes studying me with a hint of seriousness. His dark hair was combed neatly off his forehead. His angular jaw, my favorite feature, was cleanly shaven, and I had the overwhelming desire to touch his face, his hair, his lips.
He pulled out the chair beside him. “Do you want to sit down?”
“You came.”  I said, relieved to see him and glad that Granny had successfully delivered the invitation. I realized his question still needed an answer. “I want to talk to you, Stone, but I can’t right now. I need to get back up front in case Granny needs anything. 
“Could we talk after the reception?  Maybe you could come over to my house?” I asked, desperately hoping that he would agree.
“I’ll be there.”
“Great.”  A mixture of relief and fear flooded me. I was glad that he agreed to come over, but what if he was waiting to deliver bad news?  What if he never wanted to see me again?
I refused to dwell on it. Today was Granny’s wedding. “Why don’t you get some cake?”
He straightened his silky, red tie. “I may in a few minutes. I’m not really hungry right now.”
“Okay, well, I’m really glad you came.”
He nodded and sat back down in his chair. I turned and scampered back to the front of the room, not wanting to miss out on a single moment of Granny’s reception.
I thought perhaps today was the happiest I had ever seen Granny in recent years. She looked beautiful in her simple, white dress, adorned with pearls and sequins, but it was her smile that radiated her joy.
When she and Mr. Milton prepared to get in the limo, I lined up with the other guests, birdseed poised in my palm. Granny was ahead of us, though, and she popped open a dainty, white parasol, which she wielded like a shield, deflecting the birdseed. She and Mr. Milton slowly made their way to the limousine that waited to deliver them to the airport. Mr. Milton held the door open for her. 
I ran to her and hugged her. “Have fun, Granny.”
“I will, honey. You take care while I’m gone.”
“I’ll be fine,” I promised.
They climbed in, and I waved as Mr. Milton swept his bride away to a seven-day cruise to the Bahamas for their honeymoon.
Stone was already gone when the reception was over. Dread churned in my veins as I wondered if he had changed his mind. 
But when I pulled into the driveway at home, I parked beside his dad’s sports car. I found him sitting in the porch swing. He had already removed his jacket and tie, and the first few buttons of his crisp, white dress shirt were unbuttoned. His sleeves were rolled up just below his elbows.
I got out of the car, carrying my sparkly high heels by the ankle straps. I set them by the front door and walked to the swing, stopping in front of him.
“Hey, Dara,” he said, his voice low and gruff.
“Hey.”  My voice came out in a squeak, revealing my nervousness.
He opened his arms, motioning for me to sit in his lap. I obeyed, my heart pounding furiously as his masculinity surrounded me. The smell of his cologne made me breathe a little deeper than normal.
His hand rested on my knee, his thumb caressing my skin. “I missed you,” he whispered in my ear, his warm breath tickling my skin. “I took your advice.”
“What advice is that?” I asked, staring at my hands folded in my lap.
“I talked to my father about the bookstore. I told him how much it means to me, and he agreed to give me at least six more months.”
I couldn’t help but feel relieved. I knew how important it was to Stone, and Tom would get to keep his job. “I’m glad.”
“Look, Dara. I’m sorry.”
“Is this where you tell me you can’t see me anymore?”  Apprehension consumed me.
His warm fingers tilted my face, so that our eyes met. “No, baby. This is where I tell you how sorry I am that it has taken me this long to work through this. You know I’m no good at relationships.”
“I thought you were good at everything,” I countered, a small smile on my face.
He took my face in his palms, his thumbs continuing to caress. “I’m in new territory now. Dara, I don’t know how to love someone, but I’d like to learn to love you. I think I already do.”  He kissed me lightly on the lips, his palm moving to my leg and sliding along my thigh, sending shivers of awareness cascading through my body. “I want you to be mine. Will you?”
I pretended to contemplate his question, not wanting to appear too eager.
“Come on, Dara. You’ve already admitted that I’m a sexy beast. How’re you gonna say ‘no’ to this?” he asked, his hands motioning down the length of his body.
I grinned and rolled my eyes. “You’re so conceited.”
“Conceited and a badass,” he whispered, nodding his head slowly as if that was the most magnificent combination on the face of the earth.
“What?” I asked, cupping my hand around my ear, pretending that I couldn’t hear him. “What did you say?  Conceited and a….”
His index finger pressed against my lips, my intended insult silenced.
He slid his finger out of the way, replacing it with his lips. All coherent thoughts slipped from my mind as he gently cradled my face, kissing me as if I were something precious to be treasured. 
“I need to make a correction,” he whispered, breathing heavily.
“You’re not conceited?” I asked.
“Oh, I’m definitely conceited, but I told you that I thought I was already in love with you. The truth is…I am. I am in love with you, Dara Golding.”
“How do you know?” I asked timidly, daring to hope that he could truly love me, that I had affected him the way that he had affected me. 
“I know because I can’t stand the thought of you not being with me.”  His hand encompassed mine, the heat from his palm seeping into my pores, and he gave it a gentle squeeze, emphasizing his words. “You make me want to be a better person, Dara, and I would do anything for you. I know I’m in love with you because I need you.”
A single tear slid down my cheek, and he wiped it away with his thumb. Besides my grandparents, no one had ever needed me. Not my mother. Not my father. Not even Chance. 
When I first met Stone, he scared me. Honestly, he still did in some ways. But as I looked into his eyes, I knew he was telling me the truth. I could see it in his expression. I could hear it in his voice.
He loved me.
“Will you be my girlfriend?” he whispered, his question filled with hope.
As he caressed my face and kissed me tenderly, he made me feel like the most special person in the entire world. It was then that I truly understood what Granny had meant.
“Yes, Stone. I’ll be your girlfriend,” I whispered, barely finishing my sentence before he pulled me back to his lips.
Stone did more than pass the kissing test. He nailed it with absolute perfection.



Stone and Dara’s story continues.
Look for the follow-up book: 
Devious (Dangerous #2)
Chapter 1 Preview:
Stone

“She didn’t come.”
Her voice was nothing more than a whisper brimming with dejection, and I glanced up from my seat on the couch as Dara knelt at my feet.
She laid her cheek against my knee, and I smoothed wisps of soft, blond hair away from her face. I searched for the words that would ease her pain and brighten her spirits, but somehow I knew they couldn’t detract her from the betrayal and disappointment that had seeped into her soul.
Anger boiled within me, and I took a deep breath, attempting to retain my control. Dara was my world, and as much as I wanted to think there was no way in hell I would let anyone hurt her, some things were out of my control.
She covered her face with her palm, and her slender shoulders began trembling. I hated to see her cry, and my hands instinctively reached for her.
This was not what I had planned.
How often does a girl turn eighteen?  I had wanted Dara’s birthday to be special, and I thought I’d done a pretty good job, considering it was the first birthday party I’d ever thrown. But now, I felt like I had failed her.
I urged her up from the floor and pulled her into my lap, tucking her face into my neck and muffling her sobs. I said nothing, just held her, stroked her, soothed her.
When she finally quieted, I scooped her in my arms, stood, and then set her on the couch. “I’ll be right back.”
I kicked a plump, pink balloon out of my path and went to find my mother. In the last eight months since Dara and I had agreed to date exclusively, my mother had grown to love Dara almost as much as I did. Mom agreed to have the party at our house, and she took it a step further by insisting that we have the whole thing catered. I had decorated our living room in pink and white streamers with a boatload of matching balloons, some filled with helium and some drifting along the hardwood floor.
As I had watched Dara walk the last guests, Crimson and Scarlet Cruze, to the front door, I thought she was happy. It was obvious now that she had pasted on a smile and laughed with her two best friends in an effort to hide what she was really feeling.
I rammed my hand in my hair, wishing I knew how to make her world right again.
My mother was in the kitchen, wrapping plastic around leftover food.
I briefly explained the situation.
“I’ll take care of everything here,” my mom assured me. 
I bent down and kissed her on the cheek. “Thanks, Mom.”  I grabbed a pink mint off the plate in her hands and popped it in my mouth. “Have I told you how awesome you are?”
“You might’ve mentioned it a time or two, but moms never get tired of hearing it.”  She finished pressing the plastic on the edge of the plate and shooed me with her hands. “Now go take care of Dara.”
I joined Dara on the couch. “I know what you need,” I said, wrapping my arm around her shoulders and hoping to lighten her mood.
“What?”
“You need a motorcycle ride with one extremely good-looking guy.”
The corners of her mouth tilted upward. “Well, let me know when you find one, and maybe I’ll give it a try.”
I stood, pulling her to her feet. “As luck would have it, I didn’t have to look very far.”
She glanced over her shoulder. “Where is he?  I don’t see him.”
“Be nice, Dara Golding, or I won’t let you rev my engine.”
“Is that supposed to be an enticement?  Because….”
I put my forefinger over her lips to silence them. “It’s your birthday. You win. Since you can’t seem to find a good-looking guy, I guess I’ll have to do. Where do you want to go?”
“I want to go to our spot,” she whispered, the playfulness gone from her voice.
I cupped her cheek, rubbing my thumb across her silky skin, and nodded my head in acquiescence.
I took her hand in mine and led her out the front door and down the meandering sidewalk until we reached my motorcycle, which was parked in the driveway. She and I both tugged on our helmets, and I settled into the seat as I waited for her to mount the bike and press her body against mine as she clung to my torso. As much as I loved riding alone and the freedom that I felt when it was just me and my bike, I equally loved having Dara behind me.
I barreled down the long driveway, causing her to squeeze my ribs as she acclimated herself to the speed.
A short ride later, we arrived at Quail Mountain Park. We had come here on our first outing together, and it had quickly become one of our favorite spots. Before the weather had grown cold, we had spent many evenings sitting beneath the lone willow tree that stood tall and proud in the middle of a grassy field. I knew that’s where she wanted to go.
I parked the bike as close to the tree as possible and waited for her to climb off. We placed the helmets on the mirrors and walked silently, our hands clasped together, to the tree. We ducked below the hanging branches that were greening with new growth, and I sat at the base of the trunk. I held my arms open to her and motioned for her to sit in my lap.
“Are you okay?” I asked as she plopped across my thighs.
She looked down at her hands, studying her freshly painted nails intently, and nodded her head. Lifting her face to mine, she gently kissed my lips. “Thank you for the party.”
“Anything for my girl.”
She laid her head against my shoulder and exhaled softly.
“I called her,” I said.
“I know.”
“She told me that she would come.”
“I know.”
“Maybe she had car trouble,” I suggested. “Why don’t you try to call her?”
“I want to, but I’m afraid of what I’ll find out. That she just didn’t want to come. Or that she forgot. Do you think she forgot?”
She looked at me with vibrant, green eyes, expecting an answer, but I remained quiet. 
Her chin quivered, and I closed my eyes, hating to know that she was in so much pain. I squeezed her fingers, silently letting her know that she still had me. 
“I think that’s what scares me the most,” she whispered, her voice quaking. “To find out that my mother doesn’t even think I’m worth remembering.”
Damn it. I felt like calling her mother and chewing her ass out. How could she treat her only daughter like this?
“You’re definitely worth remembering. Whatever problems your mother has, they’re her problems, not yours. Stop driving yourself crazy. Just call and ask her.”
She pulled her phone out of her pocket and dialed the number. She stood up and walked to the edge of the dangling branches, waiting for her mother to answer. As she turned, her eyes sought mine, a look of horror in them.
My mind worked furiously, trying to decipher her expression.
“Her number’s been disconnected,” she gasped. “She’s changed her number and didn’t even give me her new one. I never got her address, so that I could send her my graduation invitation.”
“There’s still time,” I suggested.
“I had hoped that at least one of my parents would see me graduate,” she continued, “but I guess she’ll miss that, too.”
“Most likely, she’s having money problems. She’ll probably get paid in a few days and have her phone turned back on. Come here.”  I patted the ground between my thighs.
She walked toward me and sat between my legs. I gathered her hair, pushing it over her shoulder, and began massaging her tense flesh. “Just give her some time. She’ll call you.”
“I waited for her for so long, Stone.”
“I know.”
“Maybe it would’ve been better if she never came back.”
I squeezed her shoulders. “No, it wouldn’t. You’d have all kinds of questions screwing with your head. Over the last few months, you’ve come a long way with building a relationship with her. Just give her the benefit of the doubt. And no matter what her reasons are for not showing, don’t let her spoil your day.”
She leaned against my chest, and I wrapped my arms around her waist and rested my chin on the top of her head as I listened to the birds chirp loudly in the branches above us.
“What would I do without you?” she asked, resting her hands on top of mine.
“I’d rather imagine what you could do with me,” I said, running my fingertips along the edge of her jeans.
“You’re shameless,” she scolded, grabbing my hand and brushing her sweet lips across my knuckles.
“Yeah, I kinda am.”  I slid my hands under her shirt and traced tiny circles along her flat abdomen with my fingertips.
She giggled, shot up, and turned to face me, lowering her bottom back to my thighs. I leaned against the tree trunk and watched her, relieved to see a smile back on her face. She placed her palms on my chest and brought her face close to mine. I remained still, my head tilted back against the trunk, and waited to see what she would do.  
She watched me with hooded eyes, all traces of her smile gone. Her shimmering pink lips parted softly as if she were anticipating a kiss. Her palms slid up my chest until they reached my neck, and her fingertips skimmed upward until they were tracing my jawline.
“You’re beautiful,” she whispered, leaning in closer.
I didn’t respond. I just watched her as her fingertips explored my face.
“I’m so in love with you, Stone,” she said as she finally lowered her lips to mine. My hands grabbed her butt and pulled her closer to me while my mouth took control of the kiss. 
“Damn, Dara. You don’t know what you do to me,” I groaned against her mouth while my palms continued to press her against my body.
I kissed her with all the urgency that rushed through my veins, with all the desire that was pent up inside me for this amazing girl who had become my world.
“I love you, too,” I whispered, trailing searing kisses along her lips, continuing along her jaw until I reached the slender column of her neck, where her pulse thundered mercilessly against my intense affections. She tossed her head back, giving me complete access to the tender flesh, and my lips blazed further downward until I reached her collarbone.
Her splayed fingers clung to my face, bringing my lips back to her own. She pulled away, watching me, her thumbs caressing the corners of my mouth.
“Your hands are cold,” I said, capturing them in my own palms to chase away the chill. The sunny, April day was moderately warm, but a cool wind oscillated the hanging branches of the willow. “Do you want to sit in the sun?”
“No. I want to sit here, in our spot, with you.”  She folded her arms between us and leaned against my chest. I wrapped my arms around her back and held her close, pressing my lips against her forehead and smelling her strawberry-scented hair. A year ago, I couldn’t have imagined myself so wrapped up in a girl. It scared the hell out of me. Loving someone meant relinquishing my control, leaving myself vulnerable to the whims of someone else.
I didn’t like vulnerable. I had been exposed enough when my twin brother, Luke, died. It had taken me years to come to terms with his death, and I still struggled with it daily. 
For a long time, it felt like I was being punished for choices that I had made. Some days, it still felt that way. Since I started dating Dara, I tried to contemplate the consequences of my actions before I acted, but I was impulsive. How did one fight his very nature?  
I sucked at it, which was why the thought of something happening to Dara terrified me. I didn’t want karma to retaliate against something I’d done by taking her away.
She exhaled contentedly, her rhythmic breathing revealing the level of comfort she found in my arms. It made me want to protect her from all the disappointments of this world, including her mother.
“You know,” I said quietly against her temple. “I haven’t given you your present yet.”
I had expected her to sit up, but she just snuggled against my chest. “My party was present enough. Being here with you is enough.”
I slid my fingertips into the back pockets of her jeans. “Well, you’re right. Being here with me is a damn good present.”
She thumped her fist half-heartedly against my chest. “Conceited much?”
“With a sweet, little honey like you draped all over me, how can I not be conceited?  I must be doing something right.”
This time, she did sit up, her gorgeous green eyes studying my face intently. “You do a lot of things right, Stone.”
“Remember those words when you’re mad at me,” I suggested, knowing that sooner or later, I’d do something to piss her off. “But I did do this right,” I continued, snaking my right hand behind my back to fetch the slender box that I had tucked inside the waistband of my jeans. I handed it to her. “Sorry that I didn’t have time to wrap it.”
She took the box in her hands, hesitating as she glanced back up at me.
“Open it.”
Her gaze fell back to the box, and she carefully lifted the lid. Her mouth gaped, and her eyes widened. “They’re so pretty!”
A small surge of satisfaction coursed through my veins. I could tell by her reaction that she liked them. “Beautiful diamonds for my beautiful hummingbird.”
“Did you know they were my birthstone?”
She had no idea how long I had been hunting her present. Not only did I know that diamonds were her birthstone, but I had laboriously drudged through every jewelry store in a twenty-mile radius to make sure that I had the perfect present for her. I had finally settled on a pair of princess cut diamond earrings. They were dainty, high-quality diamonds that sparkled brilliantly, much like Dara’s goodness. 
“Yeah, babe, I knew they were your birthstone.”
She immediately removed the earrings that were in her second piercing and replaced them with the diamonds. Pulling her silky, blond hair back with her fingertips, she asked, “How do they look?”
“Sexy.”
Releasing her hair, she smiled. After dropping the old earrings in the box and setting it on the ground beside her, she entwined her icy fingers with the warmth of mine. “Thank you,” she said softly.
I was relieved that Dara seemed momentarily distracted from her mother’s absence, but I knew it would only be temporary. I hated knowing that she thought her mother didn’t care enough about her to come to her party, and I hoped that her mother resurfaced before graduation. Silently, I vowed that I would make her pain go away.
And damn it, that was one promise I was going to keep.




Books 
by
Suzannah Daniels


Young Adult
Ghostly Encounter (Ghostly Series #1)
Dangerous (Dangerous Trilogy #1)
Devious (Dangerous Trilogy #2)
Delirious (Dangerous Trilogy #3)

New Adult
Perfectly Able

Adult
Viking’s Embrace



Excerpt from Ghostly Encounter

Seventeen-year-old Mia Randall longed for someone to take her mind off her heartrending breakup with her first real boyfriend.
Benjamin Alexander Richards did exactly that.
There was only one problem.
He was a ghost.
 
__________________________
 
He continued to walk along the path. She noticed that his Rebel uniform seemed much more tattered than Josh’s. “Have you been reenacting for a long time?”
He stopped then and turned to look at her. A slow, sad smile spread across his handsome face. He studied her with those beautiful eyes. “Far too long.”
She watched as he pursed his lips, and she wondered what it would be like to be kissed by him. “You sound as if you don’t enjoy it. Why do you do it?”
He clenched his jaw and looked away.
“I’m sorry if I said something to upset you.” She went to touch his arm reassuringly and then she stared in frozen horror, her body locked in position as she gaped at him. Her hand had gone right through him as if there was nothing before her but the very air she breathed.
“Don’t be frightened,” he whispered.
She backed away.
“Please don’t go,” he pleaded, begging her with those brilliant, azure eyes. “I beseech you to stay with me, if only for a while.”



About the Author
 
Suzannah Daniels has had an affinity for words for as long as she can remember. She grew up in North Georgia with four brothers, so she learned at an early age to admire snakes and motorcycles. When she wasn’t pestering her brothers, she could usually be found reading or writing.
Currently, she lives in Chattanooga, Tennessee with her husband and teenage daughter. Her son lives nearby. The family pets include a black Lab mix, a Basset Hound, a Shih Tzu, and a sweet, little kitty.
She is the author of Viking’s Embrace, a historical romance, Perfectly Able, a new adult contemporary romance, Ghostly Encounter, Book One of the Ghostly series, a paranormal romance/adventure, and the Dangerous Trilogy, a young adult contemporary romance trilogy.
She loves to hear from her readers. Contact her:
 
Website: www.SuzannahDaniels.com
Email: SuzannahDaniels@epbfi.com
Facebook:https://www.facebook.com/pages/Suzannah-Daniels/366971616695887?ref=hl
Twitter:  https://twitter.com/SuzannahDaniels
Pinterest:  http://pinterest.com/suzannahdaniels/

 

