

Thundering Luv - Book 2 in the ‘Luv’ Series
Book Description: Jewel has always been able to get the guy she wanted. The starting jock on the football team, the team captain on the basketball team, and the lead swimmer on the swim team. Problem is, she didn't find them the least bit exciting. Was she cold or a she-wolf for guys? Colin thought so, and he'd do anything to bring her down a peg or two. When these two collide on the sandy beach during their mixed up summer vacation, sparks fly, making this a summer neither will forget.
By: LM Preston
Thundering Luv
Copyright © 2013 by LM Preston
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means without written permission of the author.
PUBLISHED BY Phenomenal One Press at Smashwords www.phenomenalonepress.com, phenomenalonepress@yahoo.com

Cover Illustrator: Emma Micheals
Interior Design: Novel Ninjutsu
ebook: ISBN: 978-0-9850251-6-8

www.lmpreston.com
Available on Amazon, Barnes & Nobles, Books A Million, IndieUnbound

Young Adult:

The Pack by LM Preston– Teen, blind, vigilante on a mission to save the missing kids on mars. Shamira is considered an outcast by most, but little do they know that she is on a mission. Kids on Mars are disappearing, but Shamira decides to use the criminals most unlikely weapons against them the very kids of which they have captured. In order to succeed, she is forced to trust another, something she is afraid to do. However, Valens, her connection to the underworld of her enemy, proves to be a useful ally. Time is slipping, and so is her control on the power that resides within her. But in order to save her brother's life, she is willing to risk it all.

The Pack – Retribution (book 2) - Revenge doesn't have a name, but has chosen a victim - Shamira. But she's never been the type to lie down and let someone hurt her family or her friends. In order to find the mastermind behind the threat to all she cares about, she must give up the one person who's found his way into her guarded heart, Valens.
Valens refuses to back off easily, and neither will Shamira's friends. They join forces with her in order to deal with a new enemy who seeks to kill everyone in Shamira's life that dared save the missing kids on Mars.

Bandits by LM Preston - Daniel's father has gotten himself killed and left another mess for Daniel to clean up. To save his world from destruction, he must fight off his father's killers while discovering a way to save his world. He wants to go it alone, but his cousin and his best friend's sister, Jade, insist on tagging along. Jade is off limits to him, but she is determined to change his mind. He hasn't decided if loving her is worth the beating he'll get from her brother in order to have her. Retrieving the treasure is his only choice. But in order to get it, Daniel must choose to either walk in his father's footsteps or to re-invent himself into the one to save his world.

Flutter Of Luv by LM Preston - Dawn, the neighborhood tomboy, is happy to be her best friend’s shadow. Acceptance comes from playing football after school with the guys on the block while hiding safely behind her glasses, braces, and boyish ways. But Tony moves in, becomes the star Running Back on her school’s football team, and changes her world and her view of herself forever.



Episode One
Episode Two
Episode Three
Episode Four
Episode Five
Episode Six
Episode Seven
Episode Eight
Episode Nine
Episode Ten
Episode Eleven
About the Author






Jewel sighed, giving her phone the stink eye as it rang for the tenth time in the last hour. She kicked the cellphone off the beach chair and bit her nail. 
The sea. The beautiful sea in front of Jewel couldn’t evoke any depth or feeling within her heart. Maybe what they called her at school was true. Ice Princess, cold-blooded and frozen faker. She fought against tearing up at all the things she knew to be true. She couldn’t feel, couldn’t love, was only a pretty face with nothing in between. The large beach home that shared a wraparound deck and a middle wall with a neighbor had seen better days. It was perfect, a temporary escape from all the drama at home. And she needed an escape, more than anyone knew.
“You should just answer the thing. Stop stringing him along,” her cousin Megs teased, and tapped Jewel’s dark tan leg with her pale foot.
“Easy for you to say. You don’t have a boyfriend who’s scrumptious, head of the football team, and everything a girl should want. But he doesn’t ‘do’ it for you.” Jewel rolled her eyes and huffed, plopping back in her beach chair. She tied her dirty-blonde hair up into a knot. Her curly bang’s pale highlights clashed to her darker hued skin tone which made most people wonder if she’d dyed her hair.
“Nobody ever does it for you.” Megs burst out laughing. “What is he, like boyfriend number five this year? And girl, you’ve been known to make the big guys cry. What do you do with them?” Megs’ platinum blond hair appeared to glow in the sun.
Jewel wrinkled her nose at Megs when Amy, her best-friend, came onto the deck of the beach house. This getaway home was an Aunt of Amy’s. Luckily for them, the lady mentioned she would be scarce this summer, but promised to drop in and check on them from time to time. Amy’s dark skin and light brown eyes were accented by her bright orange bikini and she put her hand on her hip, with a smirk and a shake of her head.
Amy sat on the chair next to Megs and joined in laughing. “She’s right. Didn’t you make the star player on the basketball team cry and actually lose a game because you dumped him only minutes before the start? I mean, to do it by text to me is plain skeezy.”
Jewel slid on her shades. “I didn’t want to do it in person.” She shrugged trying to appear nonchalant, but a shiver trickled through her. “None of those jocks are what they seem when they are winning a game or smiling the first time they met me. I did them a favor. I couldn’t give them what they wanted.” Her friends giggled louder. “Oh, you don’t know how bad that actually makes me feel.” They snickered and she groaned, “Shut up! I’m—” The phone rang again.
She put a finger to her lips, lifted her shades and glared to her friends. With an exhale, she grabbed the phone and answered it. “Hey Matt?” Jewel didn’t need to check the number; she’d known it was him. His ringtone had the school song, his favorite that he sang off-key to her every time he got on a roll bragging about himself.
Matt’s deep voice came through, “Hey babe, why aren’t you answering my calls?”
Jewel pictured Matt, muscular frame, thick shoulders, all the makings of a star quarterback, topped with curly red hair. Crap, he was gorgeous. What was she thinking? Maybe she shouldn’t break up with him. 
“Uh…” Jewel took several deep breaths.
“You’re scaring me. Talk to me, you know I love you like crazy. When you don’t answer my calls I’m thinking you don’t love me anymore.” He sounded almost whiny. “You didn’t even answer the door when I came to your house to say goodbye.”
She hated when they did that. Whined, cried, and made her feel like a she-witch. 
“Well I’ve been busy. You know, with the girls. We got here today. And since you know I’ll be gone all summer maybe we should um, take a break?” Jewel swallowed the lump in her throat, feeling like scum. She should really be a pro at this, but she hated it, especially doing it where she had to hear or see her next victim. And she didn’t want to hurt them; she knew they’d be better off with someone who could really fall in love with them. Not someone like her, someone broken. Some of the guys she’d broken up with would cry, others had tried to physically hurt her. She’d learned her lesson and tried to break up with them from a distance – a great distance. But ending this with Matt now on the phone couldn’t be helped.
“No. I don’t want a vacation from you. I love you. I was thinking about driving up there today. Me and the guys could rent a place nearby. My dad said he’d foot the bill. Since my parents split, he’ll do anything for me. He even brought me a new convertible, your sexy gold hair would feel good slapping against my face while I drive,” he chuckled. “And you’ll be able to ditch your cousin and stay with me—alone.”
Jewel slapped her forehead. Why couldn’t Matt take a hint? “But I—no, I don’t think that’s a good idea. My mom barely let me come with Megs and Amy because she’s so protective. If she knew I was meeting my boyfriend here she’d think you…ah, I were, you know…” Jewel put her hand over her beating heart. Not only that, but being alone with Matt made her feel extremely uncomfortable. The last time they were alone at her house, he popped over unannounced. Matt had almost ripped off her shirt while they kissed in her living room. He’d tried to force her blouse up, but she fought him to put it down. If Megs hadn’t stopped by earlier than planned, Jewel didn’t know what would’ve happened.
“Say it? C’mon tell me you love me back. I kinda feel like— Jewel, I really miss you. And you never tell me you love me back. You never seem to give me part of yourself. I want that. I want you, to be closer to you than anyone else. So say it. Say it and mean it.” Matt cleared his voice, like he was about to continue.
“I can’t. It’s because. W-well, I don’t. Matt, I’m not in love with you the way you want me to be. And I’m sorry, I really am, but we need to break up. I can’t do this to you anymore.” Jewel felt like a lowlife. Again and again, she couldn’t give up hope that she’d find someone, somebody out there that her heart connected too. She’d thought it was Matt, felt a little flutter in her tummy when they first met, but it died the next day, and by then he’d pressured her to be his girlfriend. And after that, he, like all her other ex-boyfriends, turned scary.
Matt was silent a bit longer. A low growl rumbled from him. “I’m not surprised. All the guys said you were a screwed-up a tease. They were right. You’re a cold hearted bitc­—”
Jewel hung up. Then she threw the phone off the deck and into the sand. The relationship ended badly, all of them did. At least she didn’t have to hide from him at school like she did from most of her ex-creepy boyfriends.
“Uhum, I guess he didn’t take that well,” Amy said in her baby doll voice. “Maybe you should’ve text or tweeted the message like you did with the others. Oh, or do a break up song cheer like you did to the guy last year. That was beautiful! I heard about it at my school and watched the YouTube video. Girl, that video went viral at my school.”
Megs piped in, “No, I think the chocolate and marshmallow messaged ‘You are ditched’ she did on the swim team ex was the best, o-oh t-that was,” Megs hiccupped between giggles.
Jewel put her hand to her forehead. “Thanks a lot for your ‘after curse out’ advice. I knew he would take it bad. That’s why I hate doing it in person. It always is the same. First they say they love you, then when you don’t love them back, they get mean or hateful, which makes me wonder if they loved me or were saying it to get in my bikini bottoms.” Jewel didn’t know whether to laugh or to cry. She was relieved that Matt was behind her but she still felt like she was on an island alone within herself. And to be honest, she wouldn’t want to be caught alone with any of her past boyfriends with only a bikini between them. Each and every one of them had been aggressive whenever they made out. She wondered if the deep, late night conversations her ex-boyfriends had done to attempt to show her how sensitive they were was a bunch of snot they read out of some guy magazine.
“I never have that problem. I’m usually the one getting dumped.” Amy snorted. “Oh, and guys are such wimps, they don’t even tell you it’s over. You see them with a new girl at school that they’re kissing up to. Maybe I need to stop being so patient with them. Most of them I should’ve dropped after the first date.”
Megs flipped over onto her stomach. “I’ve had it both ways, and when I break up with a guy, I avoid, go ghost, which is easy when you don’t date guys at your own school.” She picked up a spray bottle of water and squirted Jewel. “Why are you even out here? You don’t need to tan with that complexion. I wish I’d gotten your father’s genes.”
Jewel smirked. “No you don’t. Since he’s got a new wife, his genes are always out of the country.” Her heart sank thinking about her dad, and the half laugh she waved to Meg didn’t even come out right. She sounded like a wounded dog instead of the snarky comeback.
Amy came closer. “When was the last time you visited him?”
Jewel shrugged, blinking back stupid tears she refused to waste on the one guy she did love. “Three years ago, give or take. Who cares? Who’s counting? I don’t like his new wife and she doesn’t like me either. So what? He can have her.” Fighting hard against feeling sorry for herself, she locked her jaw and smiled to show how unaffected she was by her dad’s snub.
Her father’s dark brown eyes, thick hair and smooth chocolate skin were distant memories now; he never even sent Jewel pictures. She was ashamed that she’d searched his name on the internet, printed his pictures out, and put them in frames to make her friends think she had a good close relationship with him. She was such a phony.
Megs frowned, tapping her finger on her chin. “Your step-mom is a model or something, right? And he’s like some big time Vice President at a company in Europe.” Megs got all dreamy eyed. “Paris, I hope I can go there with you to visit him someday.”
Jewel started to grin. Her cousin always helped her get back in a good mood. “Yeah, when Richard, aka, Daddy asks me to visit, I’ll take you. It’ll be fun.” But Jewel knew he never would. His new wife and he didn’t have kids together. Sasha didn’t want crumb-snatchers, and it seemed that now her father was devoted to his new wife, he didn’t want kids—his Jewel—anymore.
“So, when’s your mom getting married?” Amy asked, beaming. “She always has the best weddings. You will invite me, right?”
Jewel closed her eyes behind her shades. “If you want to come. I mean like this is the fourth one, and they don’t last long. I don’t even want to go.” Truth was, she didn’t even know her mom’s latest fiancé very well. She’d stop being nice to her mother’s new boyfriends turned husbands after fiancé number two. What was the point? Her mom would divorce them before the end of the year anyway.
“I mean, how does she do it? Most ladies can’t even find one guy to marry them – my mom is still ‘dating’ my dad and can’t get him to commit. But your mom—” Amy inhaled loudly—“she’s like…hmm, like a husband whisperer or something.” Amy laughed.
Jewel lifted her shades to peek out at Amy. “So, are you saying guys and dogs are the same?” She jumped up and plopped down on Amy’s butt to tickle Amy’s feet. “You calling my mom a dog trainer?” she giggled.
Whack! The volleyball hit Jewel on the forehead with such force she fell backwards. Jewel’s foot hit’s Meg’s drink and red juice splattered all over her white bikini. Amy’s butt went upward to knock Jewel onto the hard deck. Falling back, Jewel’s head hit the wood floor, knocking her shades off.
Jewel tried to catch her breath. Pain and anger became one as she blinked against the glare of the sun. Her eyes met the dark brown ones of a laughing boy standing above her. A gorgeous guy, but who cared, he’d hit her so hard with his stupid ball, she was seeing stars.
“You! You! Stupid, don’t you know how to hit a ball?” Jewel struggled to get up, and pushed the boy’s tanned hand away. His unruly long black hair, dark eyes, and full lips cocked up in a smirk made her angrier.
“I’m trying to help you.” His baritone voice sounded like he was fighting against laughter, and he grasped her hand. His firm muscular shaped arm flexed as he bent to help her.
Jewel slapped it away. “I don’t want your help. You ruined my bathing suit and,” she touched her forehead where a small lump was forming, “put a knot on my head!” She pushed at him and stood up, grabbing the volleyball off the ground. His yummy face taunted her when his eyebrow went up, questioning her motive. Jewel aimed the ball at his head and missed.
He ducked. “What was that for?” His laughing eyes turned stormy.
Waving her hand at him, she stepped forward. “Idiots who hit girls with their…” Jewel slipped back, and tried to get her balance, but the last thing she remembered was him smirking at her as her head hit the floor again.






Colin couldn’t believe he was carrying the infamous Jewel Depree. The self-identified diva didn’t even recognize him. Why wasn’t he surprised? She never noticed him at school, not even when he was standing behind her ex-boyfriend, his cousin, Tank. His cousin was the Lacrosse face-off champ at the school, and Jewel’s 10th grade conquest. Tank got kicked to the curb and dumped after three months of them dating. Truth was, after Colin witnessed the shame and horror of her last few breakups, he considered Tank got off easy.
“Ouch,” Jewel murmured.  She winced in his arms, and still was unconscious. Her gold unruly wavy hair was soft against his arms. Her complexion was several shades deeper than his and from what he knew about her, she didn’t get it from a tan. Jewel’s skin appeared sun kissed all year around. And the scent, he tried not to inhale but the distinct smell of peaches and cream tickled his nose. He closed his eyes against the tightening in his chest, then breathed in the fragrance of her once more.
“Which way to her room?” Colin asked Amy, whose face was flushed with concern. Typically the type of girl he liked to date, with a light voice and gentle nature. Nothing like the Jewel in his arms. But there was no one like Jewel, was there?
“Uh, right here. You think she’ll be okay?” Amy smiled shyly at him.
He didn’t spare Amy a glance as he laid Jewel on the double-sized bed in the Island decorated room. Colin barely had a time to study the place before Jewel started wrestling back and forth on the bed. Her face appeared almost angelic, but Colin knew from experience she was a witch. A stuck-up cheerleader who threw her ‘sugary’ hellos around like she was trying to win some Miss Congeniality prize of the year. Being beautiful, snobby and talented wasn’t enough; the girl was the top of her class in everything. He’d occasionally observed Jewel and her cheerleading entourage in school as she sang the latest top-listed radio songs and got her friends to join in as they prepared for their practice.
His friend Jake rushed in behind him. “I hope she’s okay, because I didn’t mean to hit her with the ball,” Jake commented. “I’m sorry she blamed you, Colin.”
Colin shrugged. “It doesn’t matter. You don’t have to hang around. I’ll stay with her till she wakes up. Since I’m the one she tried to attack,” he laughed. Colin couldn’t help it. Since she’d seemed to calm down and was humming in her sleep. A small dimple appeared on her cheek and she twisted her body so she spooned his hips as he sat on the bed.
“Cool. Thanks for taking the rap for me. It was a stupid plan.” Jake slapped Colin on the back and left.
Colin moved so Jewel was no longer wrapped around him. His hand itched to adjust her neck on the pillow, but he thought better of it and put his hand on his knee. 
Amy walked over to stand next to him. “Maybe you shouldn’t be here when she wakes up. She’s been in a bad mood since she broke up with her boyfriend.”
Colin lifted an eyebrow. “Who?” Then he waved a hand. “Don’t tell me. I don’t care anyway. I want to apologize and get it over with.” That was the Jewel he knew from school. The Ice Princess, or Queen of Hearts they called her, since guys lined up to give her their hearts and she usually ripped them in two before stomping on them. Colin had to watch his cousin destroy everything in their room into pieces after she’d broken up with him by sending him a picture with a sign saying, “I’m sorry but it’s over.” Priceless. Even though, if he was honest with himself, he’d found Jewel to be an enigma. 
Every time he’d passed her in the hallways at school, he got a shock of electricity in his chest. He didn’t know why, because he didn’t see anything about her that made him want her. Up until this year, he’d been in love with Summer, his girlfriend of two years. It didn’t stop him from seeking out the ‘break-up princess’ in the hallways though. Jewel always seemed to have other girls around her, not only her cheerleading friends either. It almost appeared to him that she worked at keeping her friends laughing with all the jokes she made, not to mention the times she’d used those same girls as a backdrop for some of her over-the-top boyfriend ‘dump’ tricks to the jocks in the school. He’d heard she’d even had a blog that she posted her creative break up tactics to share with other girls. Colin didn’t believe that story on her, but after her blow up at him earlier, it just might be true.
“I’m telling you if she wakes up and sees you there, she’s going to flip out,” Amy insisted. “If you want to apologize, we’ll be at the boardwalk later today. Maybe then if she’s not still mad at you, she’ll listen.”
Colin shouldn’t care if Jewel accepted his apology or not. But he did. Even though he wanted to despise her, something in him couldn’t. Maybe because she was beautiful, even with the splotchy birthmark on the side of her neck that she tried to cover up with her hand even in her sleep.
Jewel snuggled closer to him, her arm snaking to rest around his hip. Colin tensed. It tingled. He knew he had to get out of there.
“Cool, catch you later.” Colin hurried out of the room and down the blue paneled hallway to get as far from Jewel Depree as he could.



Colin watched Jake and Chad toss a football on the boardwalk. They always played the same game to get the attention of the ladies. Well, earlier that day it hadn’t worked, and Jake made a joke that he could pop the volleyball over to the girls sharing the beach bungalow with them. Thanks to Jake’s lack of skill, instead of hitting the volleyball on the deck to give Jake an excuse to say hello to the girls next door, the incident got Jewel hurt. The duplex beach house attached to Jewel’s was owned by Jake’s father. Every summer, Jake invited Colin to come with them. It was the best gift his friend could ever give him. It got him away from his distant family and made him more relaxed, which was something he never felt at home.
Leaving his aunt’s house to stay with Jake for the summer also gave him some time with his friends from his old neighborhood. It had only been hard to be away all summer long last year when he was dating Summer. He’d missed his best friend and Summer worked hard to talk her parents into bringing her up for a few weekends. But that was over now, she was gone. Moved out of state. Even though they talked on the phone, they both knew a long distance relationship wouldn’t work.
“Hey, you coming or what?” Jake waved him over to the three girls standing next to the candy shop on the rickety wood boardwalk. His blond hair and blue eyes always worked to lure in girls.
“Yeah. Hurry up, man,” Chad joked, his brown skin and buffed muscles a contrast to his white t-shirt. He flexed his muscles at the girls just to get a few blushes out of them.
Colin grinned at them. His friends were determined to hook him up with a new girl. Maybe it was time he moved on, so he jogged over. “What’s up?”
Jake elbowed him. “This is Sheri, Taylor and Pam, they want to come to the beach house and hang out with us tonight.”
Colin raked a hand through his hair. It never failed. Jake always made it known that they were at the beach house alone. It impressed girls, big-time. If his father knew he’d probably hang out there more often, but Jake made it seem like they were hanging out doing nothing whenever his father dropped in to check up on them.
“Hi, Colin.” Taylor smiled and stepped closer.
Colin eyed her long red hair and green eyes, thinking he got the best pick from the group. “Hey, did you want to go get some ice cream, hang out on the beach up there and talk?” He tilted his head in the direction of his friends. “Away from these guys?”
Taylor’s mouth made a surprised O and Colin frowned wondering what he’d said wrong. The hairs on his neck rose. He could’ve sworn he felt the warmth of someone’s breath tickling his ear.
Jewel smacked her teeth from behind him. “Did he tell you he has a girlfriend?”
Colin spun around to see Jewel standing there, her honey brown hair draped over her dark tan shoulders, a yellow bikini top covering full breasts, and her hands on her curved hips. She pursed her lips at him.
Taylor stuttered. “You…she? Oh!” Her hand shot out like lightning as she slapped Colin in the face then stormed off to catch up with her friends.
“What did you do that for?” Colin yelled and stepped closer to Jewel who was bent over laughing. He couldn’t believe Jewel would seek him out to do this kind of damage. Now he knew she was exactly like his cousin stated, a tease and a manipulative witch.
“That’s payback, for this.” Jewel pointed at the small bump over her eye.
“It’s not what you think!” Colin ran his hand through is hair. He couldn’t keep his eyes from traveling down her chest to land on the bellybutton ring, shaped like a butterfly, above her shorts. What the heck was wrong with him? This was Jewel, reigning breakup Queen of Hearts, and the last girl he wanted to see practically naked and sticking out her pouty lips at him.
“Yeah, I bet, it’s on. You haven’t begun to pay for this.” Jewel pointed at the bump. “I had to cover up the bruise with makeup. You’ve ruined my summer.” She glared at him. “So I’m ruining yours.” With a huff she twisted around and sashayed away.
Instead of him being angry, he couldn’t help the buzzing in his chest, as her swaying hips strutted down the boardwalk.






Jewel stared at her reflection in the mirror and patted on several extra layers of makeup hoping it hid the purple spot on her forehead. Then she put more foundation on the circular spot at the base of her neck. Her dreaded birthmark that she wished would just go away. Although, ever since she was a little girl, the brown mark taunted her by getting bigger. Finally the mark stopped growing when she’d reach twelve. Before her father had left, he used to tell her the birthmark was fairy kissed and it held her magic. For the longest time she believed that—until he’d left. Ever since that day, the birthmark was harder to look at. It reminded her that her father hadn’t loved her or her mother enough to stick around.
Even with thoughts of her dad, her mind couldn’t stop skipping to Colin. How tall Colin was, how his voice sounded, how he made her feel. The short time she’d followed him to catch him at just the right time to exact her punishments made her chest tickle with butterflies, her tummy feel weird and her hands shake. The truth was, it took a lot of self-control to make herself walk away and not peek back over her shoulder when she taunted him in front of that girl. What was wrong with her? Why Colin? The guy who slammed her upside the head with a volleyball and ruined the only bikini she had the money to purchase by saving all her money from her part-time job.
It’d been a few days since her prank on the boardwalk, but she made sure to see Colin every chance she got. Casually, peering at him from under her shades while pretending to be sunbathing. Also, she was guilty of checking out his broad chest from her vantage point in the beach waves, while he was helping his friend Jake fix some of the wood planks on the deck. All of this was because she was trying to figure out another way to prank him.
Her phone rang and her mother’s face appeared on the screen. No way she was answering that one either. Jewel picked up and applied her cherry lip-gloss and waited for the final beep of her phone that signaled her mom had hung up. Talking to her mom lately had always resulted in her biting her tongue, hoping to not tip her mother’s mood swings over the edge. When her mother had a new guy, she’d want to talk about him all the time. Then she would tell Jewel she should be more polite to the guy. It would end in Jewel finally losing her temper, being unable to hold in all her anger at her mother waltzing one guy after another into their home who snatched more and more time she had with her mom away from her. It wasn’t as though she didn’t want her mom to be happy, it was that only Jewel really noticed that her mom wasn’t happy at all – not one bit, since her father left them. But how could she blame her mom for being a fake? Jewel couldn’t deny that she herself had been perpetrating the fraud of being the happy, funny cheerleader who didn’t have issues for the longest time.
So what her mom had a nice house, but what no one else knew but Jewel was, they were about to lose it to the bank. Her mother had been posing around town like she was wealthy, but all those divorces cost her mother everything. And lately, the men her mother fell for were freeloaders, who didn’t have a reliable job and milked her mother of loads of money for their habits. Gambling habits, drug habits, or spending habits. Jewel’s chest ached just thinking about this.
A broken sigh slipped from Jewel’s lips as she started to apply eyeliner.  “Ugh!” Jewel threw the eyeliner on the dresser. What was she doing? She was supposed to be forgetting about this stuff and having a good time.
Megs came in the room and tied her sundress straps behind her neck. “What’s got you in a mood? This isn’t like you. Remember we’re on vacation.”
Jewel smacked her teeth. She loved her cousin, and figured when school started back she would ask her mom if she could move in with Megs. That way she wouldn’t have to change schools, and she’d be out of her mother’s hair, which was what her mother had been hinting at since she got a ring from her new, much younger fiancé.
“Hey, really, you have to lighten up. If you don’t you can’t go with us.” Megs smiled and nudged her with her elbow.
Jewel couldn’t help it, she smiled. “Okay, who wants to stay in the beach house all day? Where are we going?”
“Next door. Jake and I, well…he likes me and we are going down the beach to have a bonfire with his cousin and best friend, Colin.” Meg was playing with her hair. 
Jewel narrowed her eyes at that, because Megs only played with her hair when she was hiding something. “Please tell me you don’t plan on setting me up with anyone.”
Megs bit her lip. “What makes you think that?” She pivoted away and picked up her purse.
“Oh, I don’t know, maybe because you’ve been my best cousin forever and I know what it means when you play with your hair.” She laughed.
“Okay, if you want to sneak it out of me, Jake’s friend from the beach house up the road thought you were cute, and um, he’ll be there. Oh, and Colin—you know the guy you pretended to be his girlfriend, and dumped a bucket of sea water on from your window?” Megs put her purse on her arm and smiled coyly. “He’ll be there too.”
Jewel couldn’t hold back a laugh, the image of a frowning Colin teased her and she recalled that prank being almost as good as the first one she did on him.
“So? I don’t care if Colin is going to be there – or this other guy. Do you remember that I recently broke up with Matt? Why would I want to go jump out and get another boyfriend? I don’t ask for these guys to chase me, they ask me. Then you and Amy pressure me into being their girlfriend saying I’m being mean and that I need to give these guys a chance. But that’s not working. It never has. Maybe…maybe I need to be alone for awhile. It’s like I’m alone when I’m dating these guys anyway.” Jewel plopped on the bed, “On second thought, you go on without me.”
Megs pulled at Jewel’s arm. “No! You will not hide out in the beach house. I didn’t bribe my aunt to let you come so you could sit around and feel sorry for yourself.” She gave up her tugging on Jewel’s arm to sit next to her.
“I’m not feeling sorry for myself.” Jewel threw up a limp smile. “Okay, maybe a little. But you know my mom. I don’t want to be like her. It bugs me how she jumps to the next guy that seems interested. That’s been my mistake. I want something real.”
“Real? Well I get that, but the only way you are going to find something real is to get out there and meet prospects. Especially, when we are on a beach vacation. I mean, when was the last time you’ve been to the beach?” Megs bumped elbows with her.
Jewel smirked and tapped her finger on her chin. “When my father was married to my mom. He liked the beach then.”
“Yeah, I remember Uncle Richard did love the beach, before what’s her name came along.” Megs snorted.
“I guess so, but,” Jewel shrugged, “let’s not go there.”
“Fine. You coming? It’ll be fun and you’ll get to play another prank on Colin.” Megs winked. “I’ve seen your mind working and the ‘I’m gonna take a picture of your glare’ staring in his direction when you don’t think anyone’s watching.”
“I really shouldn’t. I got him slapped last time. I should apologize. That’s so not like me to be that catty.” Jewel’s chest fluttered. Maybe she was, just a little bit catty.  But if she didn’t want him to dislike her like all her ex-boyfriends, maybe she should just leave him alone.



Jewel watched Megs practically skip over to Jake. She’d been avoiding Colin and the others for a few days. After she pulled her water prank on him she felt stupid and silly but didn’t have the guts to confront him and apologize.
Something about him made her come out of herself, want to play and tease. With her boyfriends she played the sweet girl who always acted perfect. Most of the time, they never even wanted to listen to her, they just went on and on about whatever sport they played, or who they didn’t like. Oh, and they told her time and time again how ‘hot’ she was. Then usually, they tried to see if she was ‘ready’ for the big step in the relationship. Unfortunately, quite a few of them got forceful and scared her. That’s usually when she felt the need to dump them. It became almost a burden to make sure that whenever she was walking the halls at school, her friends were around her to make her feel safe. The confrontations she’d had with one guy left a bruise and bump on her head after she’d broken up with him. 
It wasn’t that she didn’t think about having sex with the right guy and all. It was just that she didn’t want to be manipulated into it. But the thing was, everyone, even her cousin, had thought she’d already done it. They assumed that just because she’d had tons of boyfriends, she got them and kept them wanting her because she had sex with them. Funny but they seemed to want her the more she told them no then their previous girlfriends who had no problem saying yes to sex or whatever else her ex-boyfriend wanted from other girls.
Jewel searched around for Colin. “I may as well get the apology out of the way since I’m crashing their party,” she mumbled as her eyes landed on Colin, who was propped back against a rock. Unfortunately, bile bubbled up in her throat watching the blond haired girl leaning in and planting kisses on his smiling face.
She stepped back. Colin’s eyes landed on hers. Jewel blinked, shocked that she was actually tearing up. Over him? Colin? Stupid, she was stupid. “What’s wrong with me?” She turned away and walked as fast as she could towards the rushing water, away from the cozy fire and torches that lit up the sands.
Finally she got to the edge of the water and sat just shy of the waves. “Colin probably thinks I’m crazy and a stalker.”
“Why would I think that?” Colin’s light voice floated above the crashing waves.
Jewel’s eyes widened. Just great, now she did look like a fool. “Oh.” she cleared her throat and brushed nervous hands down her sandy legs, “because of what I did to you the other day. Uh, and the day before that.” He was gorgeous. The kind that didn’t wear it like he knew it. His wavy hair blew against his face and she just wanted to reach out and touch it. Instead, she ran sand through her fingers and turned towards the sea.
He sat next to her. Close enough for Jewel to smell the soft cologne he wore. Part of her felt self-conscious, like she should scoot away. Another part of her wanted to move closer. But she crossed her arms and berated herself for acting so needy.
Colin laughed. “The best one was when I got slapped. Yeah, that was a good one.”
She smiled back at him. “I guess it was.” She giggled. “I’m really sorry though. That’s so not me. I’m not usually so vindictive. At least back home when I’m in school I’m not that way.” Her skin tingled at his acceptance and light response to her rather mean joke.
“Really, I can see that.” He cut his eyes at her, studying her for a moment. “Do I look familiar to you? A little bit?”
Jewel tilted her chin towards him. “Hmm, I don’t know. My school’s real big, there’s halls I haven’t even gone down. But I might not be there much longer anyway.” She picked up and tossed a shell into the waves.
“Why do you think you won’t be there?” Colin moved closer and handed her another shell to throw.
Jewel shrugged. She really shouldn’t be telling him all this, but it was a first time a guy actually listened. Besides, she wouldn’t see him after this summer anyway, so why not? “My mother. “ Jewel bit her bottom lip. “She’s getting married…again. And I can’t take it, the moving, the shouting. I j-just want to leave.”
“But at least you have a mom. You can work it out with her, can’t you?” Colin bent his legs and leaned forward, looking out to the sea.
“I don’t know. It’s hard. I have to do everything nowadays. Mow the lawn, clean the house, then try to do good in school so I can get some kind of scholarship. It’s no way my mom will be able to pay for it. I love her, but the guy she is marrying is a real creep. I don’t feel comfortable in the house with him. And my mother, she doesn’t even act like she wants me there anymore. It’s like,” she wiped hair out of her face, “it’s,” hesitating she realized that dumping too about her sad situation at home would probably confirmed to Colin that she was a basket case.
“Go on, tell me, I’m a good listener.” Colin reached over and tucked her wayward lock of hair behind her ear.
Jewel shivered at his touch, almost tilted her chin towards him before she caught herself. “It’s like she’s afraid her fiancé will be interested in me instead of her. Or somehow that she’s jealous of me or something. Why, I don’t know.” Her eyes watered again. “Hopefully when I grow up and go to college to become a sports journalist or a music producer, my parents won’t be able to hurt me anymore. I just wish her new fiancé would go away and it would be just me and mom. But she’d never do that.”
“Why don’t you just tell her how you feel? I’d wish I’d done that with my parents before they died.” Colin tossed another shell.
“You lost your parents?” Jewel bit her lower lip. “Gosh, I’m so sorry I’m sitting here sounding ungrateful and you don’t have your parents, you can never get them back. I guess if I worked harder at it, I could get mine to notice me.” She laid her hand on his. A zing of electricity went up her arm and she pulled her hand away.
“It’s okay, I’ve adjusted.” He frowned at her. “So, you still don’t remember me?”
Jewel pursed her lips, then squinted her eyes. “Why, are you on the football team? Lacrosse? Tennis?”
“Whoa! Stop,” he shook his head, “never mind.”
Jewel caught the disgusted snort he made. “So, what happened to your hook-up over there?” She tilted her head back at the party that was growing louder behind them.
“She ditched me for a better opportunity.” A lazy grin slid onto Colin’s face. “That ever happen to you?”
“No, I’m usually the ditcher. It’s a curse.” Jewel stood up and wiped the sand from her legs. Hopefully from now on, that won’t happen. She can work on trying to salvage her dream of being able to take care of herself one day. Something her parents hadn’t quite figured out.
“That so? I bet the guys you dumped don’t feel that way. I bet they’d be angry or hurt.” He hopped up beside her.
“Nope, they get over it. Usually takes them less than a month to find someone new. Besides, none of them were hurting for their next conquest. They recover. Trust me, they deserved it.” Jewel laughed and gave Colin a small nudge with her elbow. But he didn’t appear to find what she said funny. Her chest hurt at the taunting thought that she would come off as a callous heart breaker. But she shrugged it off figuring that he was a guy and was like all the other ones she’d met who didn’t really care about her as a person.
“Not always.” He jogged away and left her standing there at the beach.
Frowning, she wondered at the slight irritation she picked up in his voice. Maybe he’d been dumped by someone he loved. And she just messed up one of the best times she’d had with a boy in forever. “Just great.” She slapped her hand to her face, and headed back to the beach house, where she wouldn’t have to witness Colin being kissed by another girl.






Colin was avoiding her. Jewel, was now tormenting his dreams, the kinds of dreams that woke guys up at night. Jewel, the girl who still didn’t even recognize him from her own school. He couldn’t deny it ticked him off. For the last few days, his friend, Jake had tried to drag him to the boardwalk with them, but Colin bailed out early. He told them he was going to see Taylor.
And seeing Taylor had been a disaster. He’d flirted with her, then apologized, and told her Jewel wasn’t his girlfriend. Now Taylor was on her way over and he didn’t think he could stomach seeing her, much less making out with her. “Dumb move, real dumb.” He didn’t know what else to do. He had to find some type of distraction from the intense reaction he was developing around Jewel. 
Colin straightened up the front room that was wrecked with clothes, shoes and pizza boxes. At least he didn’t have to see Jewel in some sexy top, or with her curls teasing that cute heart-shaped mark on her neck. “Stop. Just stop,” he chided himself. Thinking of her that way would get him nothing but trouble. Everyone at school knew messing with Jewel would end painfully and with humiliation most guys couldn’t stomach.
Jake ran in the front door. “You must’ve been reading my mind.”
Colin frowned. “Why? Because I cleaned up this wreck before you or Chad had a chance to do it?” Jake was a slob. But Colin didn’t mind cleaning up after him. It was the least he could do to thank Jake for giving him a slice of heaven every summer. If he was honest, Colin would admit that it even helped him to get over the grief of losing both his parents within a year of each other.
Jake laughed. “Oh yeah! We got company coming in a few.”
Colin froze. “Who? Who’s coming, ’cause I have someone coming over, too. A girl I was hoping to be alone with.”
“Amy and Megs from next door. They are bringing food. Their aunt left for two days so Megs just became my main squeeze for the rest of the week.” Jake threw a pillow at Colin. “You know they’re bringing Jewel with them.” He glared at Colin. “You’re messing things up with me and Chad. You know how girls are if one of their friends are left out the action. Tell your girl to come another time.”
“I can’t. She’s already on the way,” Colin groaned. Not Jewel, not now with Taylor coming over. “Things are about to get screwed up.”
“What’s the deal with you? Jewel’s hot, why don’t you hook up with her? She seems to like you. It’ll make things easier with me and Megs.” Jake picked up the trash bag and tied it.
“Because she’s stuck-up and a man-eater. She was my cousin’s Tank’s ex-girlfriend. You know the one who broke up with him by text with that picture?” Colin flopped back in the chair and covered his face with his hands.
Jake laughed. “Oh yeah, that was funny as dogsh—”
“Shut up!” Colin threw a shoe at Jake who ducked and bellowed harder. “Tank was messed up over that. He moped around for two months. By then she had another boyfriend – somebody on his team.” He’d never forget how red-faced his cousin was when he came home from school that day. The guy actually cried in his pillow. It was sad. 
“Really. Well, Tank told me that all the guys on his team had a bet going. He must’ve bet big and lost. Whoever was the first to sleep with her would win some jackpot they’d been betting on since she started the school. I’d say Jewel’s been unknowingly beating them at their own game for years.” Jake started cracking up with laughter again, so hard he rolled off the couch.
“You can’t be telling the truth. Tank would’ve told me.” Colin stood and yanked Jake by the shirt. “Right? That’s not true.” If Jake was telling the truth, then his cousin wasn’t really a victim. Jewel was.
Jake stopped laughing long enough to catch his breath and brush a stray tear from the crease of his eye. “It is true. You know Tank and you don’t talk like that. You’ve never been close so why do you think he’d tell you anything like about losing money because he didn’t hook up with some girl? We were talking about it the last time all the teams had that end of season party at my house. Besides my teammates know all the backstory on the cheerleaders on your school team since they are our rivals. ”
“Dag, I—” Colin wiped a hand through his dark waves. His heart nearly stopped. Mistaken. He was so wrong about Jewel. Well, sort of. She couldn’t know. Even so, her methods of breaking up were still cruel. 
Chad came through the door with an arm wrapped around Amy’s shoulder and Megs after him. “Hey, ya’ll cleaned up?” His eyebrow quirked up.
Taylor came in behind them. Colin exhaled. He was so not ready to deal with Taylor after he just stomached what Jake told him about his cousin, about Jewel—about everything.
“Hi you.” Taylor smiled at him with her glossy pink lips and coy smile.
Colin only wanted her to leave, but he’d invited her here. “Hi. Uhum. Want to sit on the couch?  We were about to set up a movie or something.”
“Oh, thanks.” Taylor slid past him to sit on the couch. “I’m not hungry. Something to drink would be good.”
Relieved he wouldn’t have to deal with her, Colin rushed to the kitchen just in time to see Jewel making her way up the porch. “Freak!” He raced through the side entrance of the kitchen to meet Jewel at the door.
“Oh, hi! You scared me.” Jewel put her hand over her heart. Her bangle bracelets made a jiggling sound and she placed a hand on his torso to steady herself. The gold halter top was slit in the front, leaving her tight stomach visible. Colin had to swallow his tongue before his eyes met hers.
Colin’s chest muscles twitched and it felt like her hand burned through his t-shirt to his skin. He stepped back. “Uh, can I talk to you a minute?”
Jewel frowned up at him. “I. Um?”
He had to fight the urge to pull her close and kiss her full lips, the birthmark on the curve of her neck she tried to fade. So, he placed his hand on hers, taking a deep breath to refocus his jumbled thoughts.
Megs called from behind him, “Hurry up, Jewel! You’re missing the previews.” Megs peeked around Colin’s arm and grabbed Jewel’s wrist. “It’s your favorite part,” she chortled in a sing-song voice and tugged Jewel away from him and into the front room.
He grunted. Then he went into the kitchen to grab a soda for Taylor. When he cleared the threshold into the room, Jewel sat alone in the only chair, smiling at the previews on the TV. He wanted her, he shouldn’t, but he did. What was wrong with him? He’d accused her of so many things, but he wasn’t any better. He’d done his dirt before he dated his last girlfriend. He’d gone through girls like water. However, judging Jewel was easier than facing the way he really felt about her. He had to set things straight between them or the rest of the summer would suck in so many ways.
“That for me?” Taylor asked and pursed her lips out into a pouty seductive smile.
Colin forced a grin on his face and sat next to her, handing Taylor the soda can. “Yeah. Sorry I took so long.”
“I don’t mind.” Taylor relaxed back against him and wrapped her fingers through his.
Colin fought the urge to snatch his hand away, feeling uncomfortable, he slid back some. “Hey, I uh, gotta get something else from the kitchen.” He unraveled his hands out of Taylor’s.
Hesitantly, she let go. “Okay, I’ll be here keeping your seat warm.” Taylor tugged at the bottom of his shirt. “You want me to ask them to wait to start it?” 
Colin lifted an eyebrow and realized that, Jake and Megs were kissing in the corner. Amy and Chad were out on the back porch. The only one engrossed in the movie was Jewel. At least he thought so, but he caught her slipping her eyes at him. When she saw him looking back at her, Jewel started watching the movie again.
Colin walked into the kitchen, grabbed up some popcorn, then tossed it in the microwave. Someone’s arms snaked around him. He flinched, instinctively knowing it wasn’t who he wanted touching him.
“Hey, I thought you forgot about me.” Taylor’s husky voice tickled his ear.
He twisted around, placing his hands on her upper arm. “Hi, uh, I was just popping everyone something to eat.”
Taylor nodded. “Yeah.” Then she kissed him.
Colin’s hands twisted in her hair as he tried to step back, but hit the kitchen counter. Taylor moved in closer. Her mouth opened on top of his.
“Oh, I…oh! Sorry to interrupt,” Jewel stuttered. “Maybe I should just go.”
Colin pushed Taylor away. “Jewel look I…”
Jewel shook her head. “Just tell Megs I not feeling well, I’m going home.” She hurried past him. The door slammed behind her.
Colin exhaled. “Taylor, let me walk you home.” 
Jewel no longer seemed like the stuck-up snob he’d considered her to be. But now, Jewel probably thought he was a major butt-wipe.






Jewel peeked outside, hoping that Megs and Amy would stay asleep. The sky’s dark morning hue gave the warning of daylight. It was enough light from the moon to allow her to slink away like she had the last few days and avoid the guys next door, and Megs who knew her way too well. 
She slid out the entry door and made sure she didn’t slam it. Tiptoeing down the stairs, she thought she heard someone on the porch at the guy’s house.  So, Jewel raked a glance onto their deck from her stairs, and sighed in relief that she saw no one.
Her ponytail slapped against her back as she headed down the beach path in her tennis shoes. The light jacket she wore hung loosely on her shoulders as she started her jog. It was what she did at home to relax and have an excuse to get out of the house. It worked—most times. Except when her mother’s latest fiancé stayed over, then he’d usually detain her for some reason. She hated it. But she didn’t know what she disliked more, him, or the fact that her mother didn’t seem to see through the sleaziness. Jewel planned to work up the courage to ask Megs’ mom if she could move in with them. Hopefully, she’ll get the chance to ask—no beg, before her mom’s wedding in October. She didn’t doubt her mother would agree. Her aunt may be difficult since she loved her sister and didn’t want to make Jewel’s mom cry. Jewel didn’t know why it mattered to her aunt, anyway, she was basically like a mother to her since her mom was hardly home.
Jewel closed her eyes briefly and inhaled in the salty sea air. The cool spray of water from the waves crashing felt soothing on her now heated skin. She ran faster, thinking of Colin, of how he made her want him. Of how different he was than the boys who fought over her at school, the boys who seemed to line up one after another. At first, when she started there in tenth grade the amount of boys approaching her was uncomfortable. She’d never been that sought after in her other high school. Also, after getting to know the cheerleaders, it seemed that most of the girls had already dated several of the same guys. 
But when she spent time with Colin, it didn’t feel like he was working hard at impressing her.  Talking to him, just felt natural—and she connected to him. It was obvious that the last time they spoke she’d said something that ticked him off. She seemed to always do that to boys, which was why with her former boyfriends she never bothered to tell them anything about herself. Jewel just played the trophy girlfriend. It appeared to make them happy until they tried to do more than kiss her, or tried to persuade her into hooking up. 
The way she felt when she saw Colin kissing that girl, Taylor, was horrible. Jewel bit her jaw just thinking about that moment. The slight pain in her chest at the replay of the incident made her shake her head to rid herself of the icky feeling of misplaced jealousy. And she knew jealousy well because that was what she felt every time she saw another picture of her dad with his new wife—jealous, worthless and unlovable. 
That kiss Colin gave Taylor was steamy. The kind you see in movies. Here, alone while she jogged she could admit it to herself—she’d wanted to be that girl, really wanted it. More than she’d wanted any of her boyfriends, or even to see her father. It was like a hunger to be close to Colin that made every part of her body ache. That’s why she needed to avoid him this summer. If she didn’t, she’d do something stupid, or say something that would turn him off. Besides, Colin obviously wasn’t interested in her. Why would he be? She started off being a petty, shallow, pain-in-his butt and she still didn’t back off.
Jewel slowed down, bent over, and rested her hands on her knees. Breathing hard, she thought she heard pounding feet behind her.
“Hey!” Colin jogged up next to her. “Jewel, wait up.”
Jewel tensed, a tickle ran up her back at the sound of his deep voice. She didn’t know what to say to him after that last embarrassing episode. There was no reason for her to have left the movie party, except that she wasn’t paired up with anyone. Even now, she felt stupid about just bailing on everyone. Megs had later apologized for assuming Colin would be alone. It shouldn’t had mattered that he was with someone.
Colin touched her shoulder, and that electrifying sting remained where his hand lightly touched. Jewel closed her eyes and stood, sliding out of his grasp.
“What’s wrong? Where have you been the last few days?” Colin’s voice sounded gruff and grainy as though he’d just woken up to run out and follow her.
Jewel couldn’t look at him, she was so embarrassed. Instead she stared towards the sea. With a sigh, she sat down. “I didn’t mean to interrupt you and your…uh, friend at the movie party. Megs already told me I shouldn’t have left. For some reason she thought Jake was bringing a friend for me to meet too.” She bent her legs up and crossed her arms around them. 
“Someone for you?” Colin slid down near her. “About Taylor and me in the kitchen, it’s okay. I pretty much was attacked. You saved me.” He nudged her with his elbow.
Jewel couldn’t help but giggle. “Really, it didn’t look like it. I mean you’re like a foot taller than her or something.”
“Trust me, the girl is stronger than she appeared. Taylor had her hand in my hair and I was trapped between her hip and the kitchen counter. Real uncomfortable.” Colin smiled.
Jewel grinned at him. “Oh, and how did you get away from her? Seems to me her tongue was pretty far down your throat.”
“You did it for me. You created a diversion. I pushed her away…then walked her home.” He cleared his throat. “I think she hates me now. She asked if you were my girlfriend still. Even though I explained to her that you were just playing a joke when you came over. For some reason, she felt I wasn’t giving her any attention. Apparently, I was trying to make you jealous so you would take me back. That’s the accusation she gave me when she slapped me for the second time at her front door.”
“No! Oh my gosh! I’m really sorry I played that prank on you.” Jewel patted his arm with her hand before jerking it away.
Colin grasped her hand. “I’m not. It was funny. And I liked having a good laugh.” He studied her with his eyes with his thumb rubbing across her hand.
Tingles tickled her hand where his thumb teased patterns. Jewel didn’t know whether to bend her fingers into his or to pull away, but he released her hand before she could do either. “Well, you did hit me with the volleyball. So you started this.” She grinned.
“Aah. That’s where you’re wrong. Jake hit you.” His eyebrow rose. “Not me.”
Jewel’s jaw dropped. “Oh no!” She wanted to laugh at herself and kick herself at the same time. Poor Colin tolerated all her abuse and it was his friend Jake’s fault. “Why didn’t you tell me sooner?” 
He shrugged. “I don’t know, maybe because it was fun being the center of your attention.”
“So, you forgive me?” Jewel hopped in front of him on her knees, said, “Please,” with a pout. Then she hopped again, making a silly face.
Colin chuckled. A hungry gaze passed over his face just as he pulled her into his lap, ticking her. “I don’t know yet. Torturing may work.” He tickled her more.
She squirmed in his arms. “I give! I give!”
“I accept your apology.” Colin slipped her off his lap, still laughing. 
Jewel stared at his lips. Colin’s were full and strong. She wanted him to kiss her, there in that moment, while they were alone. But she sensed his discomfort when his gaze slid from hers to the sea.
She sat up. “So, what are you doing after the summer?”
“Going back to school, living with my cousin’s family. Then I hope to finish up my Art internship at the museum.” He picked up a rock and threw it in the water.
“Hmm, where do you go to school? You got a girlfriend there?” Jewel picked up a few rocks, tossed them towards the waves and missed.
“I go to the same school you do. Been there for three years.” He glanced at her. “I had a girlfriend for two years. We broke up a few months before school ended when she moved away.”
“Now I’m lost. I didn’t recognize you. I know the school is big, but I guess I walk around just thinking of all of my issues. Do we have any of the same friends?” Jewel thought through her memories at school. She still couldn’t place Colin. However, it might be because she’d spent so much of her time working hard to have her close friends stay with her in case her recent ex-boyfriend tried to confront her.
“Um, yeah, do you know a guy named Tank?” Colin rubbed his hands on his legs as if he was agitated.
“I dated a guy named Tank. But we uh, broke up awhile ago. I avoid him, ever since we broke up he started glaring at me in the hallways.” That wasn’t all he’d done. Tank, had also ripped her shirt off her after he’d smacked her hard across the face when she refused to have sex with him. Tank was the guy who made her come up with a plan to always have a friend with her at school.
“Well, he’s my cousin. I live with him.”
Jewel flopped back into the sand. “Oh, wow. I didn’t know. Why didn’t you tell me?” Now this was bad. Colin and Tank cousins? At least Colin didn’t seem anything like his butt-head cousin. She felt sick to her stomach.
“I figured that you already knew. I thought you ripped my cousin Tank’s heart to shreds just to be mean.” He tossed several more rocks, one after the other, into the water.
Jewel wondered if that’s what everyone thought of her now at school. Her friends teased her about it, but she brushed it off because her problems at home seemed so much worse than what went on at school. “That’s not why I broke up with him. We…he, I probably shouldn’t talk about that relationship. But trust me, your cousin deserved to be dumped, probably more than any of my other boyfriends.” Jewel slid her arm over her eyes. Tank…his cousin? The human octopus that seemed to grow like ten hands whenever he got her alone. What a mess.
“I can respect that.”
“How do you like living with him? Are you close?” Jewel hoped not. She liked Colin, who seemed so different from Tank. Where Tank had light eyes and fair skin, Colin was tan, with dark hair.
“Not really that close. But we give each other space. I’ve always been into art and jujitsu, which never really jelled with him. So we just shared a room. My aunt favors him and just leaves me alone as long as she gets the money she needs from the trust fund left for me after my parents’ deaths.”
“I knew you were different than him.” Jewel stared at him a minute. “I do remember you. I saw you once painting the mural at the school, the one on the main hall with some girl.”
“That was me and Summer, my girl, my ex-girlfriend. We both liked most of the same things. She was an artist too, it’s how we met in class.”
Jewel couldn’t believe it, but she was a little jealous of what he had with his old girlfriend. “You dated her for two whole years? You must’ve loved her.”
Colin smiled, with a faraway look. “Yeah, I did, more than anyone. I needed her to love me. I felt alone at a new school, sharing a room with my cousin. Summer was a free spirit and spontaneous, I needed her probably more than she needed me then.”
Jewel sighed. It felt like cotton was stuck in her throat. “Do you still love her like that?”
He smirked. “I guess so, but she’s not here. I can’t say I’m in love with her like that anymore. I’ll always love her, be friends with her, but…”
“Well, at least you had that. With all the boyfriends I had, I didn’t love any of them,” she tried to act nonchalant about it. But the truth was, she wondered if she ever would love someone like Colin had. The way her parents had ripped her heart in pieces by disappointing her time and time again, the heart she’d give to some guy would be totally twisted. If they didn’t see how much she loved them, nor did they care, who else would?
Colin belted out a laugh. “You can’t be serious? You didn’t fall in love with any of them?”
Jewel frowned, what did Colin think of her, that she fell for anyone just because she had a boyfriend, “No. That was my mistake. I made up my mind I won’t be anyone’s girlfriend unless I’m in love with them first. Otherwise it’s a waste of time.”
“Good luck with that.” Colin stood up. “So are we friends now?” He put out his hand to help her stand.
“Truce?” Jewel smiled when Colin nodded back at her. “Then yes, we’re friends.”
Colin wrapped and arm around her shoulder, and Jewel fought the sensation to snuggle against him. Jewel trembled when she felt his warm breath against her ear, and he whispered, “Race you!”






It was official. Colin felt like crud. He and Jewel were friends, and it didn’t help that every single time she came around him, he wanted to grab her, kiss her, hold her, smell her, breathe her in and make her notice him.
But she didn’t. She always came around him and joked, hardly ever looking him in the eye like she felt uncomfortable around him. He’d pushed, just a bit here and there to see if she was interested and she always politely or jokingly skirted away from his touches. Earlier in the week, he and the guys took the girls out to the boardwalk. He’d won her a teddy bear. Then she’d hugged him before she could stop herself. For an awkward moment he held her there and wanted to kiss her, but didn’t.
He had to get past this, and being at this party thrown by one of Jake’s friends further down the beach would be a good way to keep Jewel in the ‘friend-zone’ where he was safer. Even though she’d been manipulated by the jocks at his school, made an object of some stupid bet to de-virginize her, she wasn’t completely innocent. Each time she broke up with one of the guys who bet on the right to be the one to initiate her, she did it with flair on the cruel side. From twitter post, to notes left on their lockers, to dedicating break up songs used during cheers that she led, and more. If he wasn’t a guy, he’d probably be laughing at her dumping techniques.
He walked to Jake who was joking around with one of the guys at the pool—surrounded by a bunch of girls, as usual.
“What’s up? How long you staying?” Colin asked.
“Till I find someone to walk home with?” Jake laughed.
“What’s up with Megs? I thought you and her were hitting it off.” Colin’s eyes scanned the party to see Jewel was there with Megs. He spotted Jewel flirting with some guy. At least it appeared like she was by the way she was laughing with him. But Megs was sitting beside her, glaring at Jake.
“She’s mad at me because I told her I just wanted to have fun this summer. She wants more and I don’t do ‘relationships’ so she’s been giving me the death glare ever since.” Jake glanced over at Megs, appearing a bit uncomfortable before turning away from her.
Colin chuckled. “Dude, she’s going to hurt you.” Colin slapped Jake on the back as Megs scowled harder to the point where her eyes were almost slits. 
Jake shrugged. “I’ve moved on. She should.”
Colin’s eyebrow lifted, and he noticed Jake’s sized up Megs once more. It didn’t appear to Colin that Jake had actually moved on, but whatever.
Colin started to go in the opposite direction of Jewel, not wanting to get angry watching the guy she was with get closer to her as the music picked up. Taylor was walking in his direction, and he turned hoping to avoid her. He swung around, barely missing, the girl in front of him.
“Hi, you look like you’re running from someone.” The girl smiled at him, then stuck out her hand. “I’m April.”
“Colin.” He shook her hand. Colin eyed the guy getting closer to Jewel and noticed the uncomfortable stance Jewel took as she tried to step away.  Screw it, he was getting Jewel out of here. “Excuse me.” 
Colin stormed over to the boy that was cornering Jewel. “Hey, she’s with me, okay?” 
The guy pushed him. “No, she wasn’t.” 
Jewel stepped between them. “Yeah, I am.” She grasped Colin’s hand. Relief flooded her features when she dragged him away through the crowd of kids dancing and talking. 
Colin’s breath caught when she finally slowed down. They made their way out of the back yard of the house. She tugged him a bit further until they stepped onto the beach. Jewel’s see-through white blouse flapped around her black tank top. She twisted around to smile at him and released his hand.
“Thanks,” Jewel said breathlessly.
“Anytime.” He wanted to grab her hand again, but instead he stuffed his in his jeans pockets. 
“That sleaze wouldn’t get the hint. I told him I was waiting for somebody.” She slid off the thin blouse and tied it around her waist. Her black t-shirt clung tightly to her darkly tanned skin.
Colin snatched his t-shirt off and tossed it over his shoulder. “Want to go in the water?”
She smiled at him and his heart swelled—literally, he felt like it grew. 
“Beat ya!” She pushed his chest and ran into the waves, splashing him as he hit the water.
“Come here!” Colin splashed her back. Her sandy brown hair was blown to and fro by the wind as he chased her. He grabbed her around the waist, holding her while the waves crashed in. His hands actually shook when he pulled her close. He had it bad. Real bad. And if he didn’t get a grip, he’d be her next humiliated dumpee.
Jewel stopped laughing. A wry smile bloomed on her face as she touched his cheek. “What did you think about me when you…before you saw me here this summer?”
Why did girls always ask these questions, the ones they really didn’t want to hear the truth to, but asked guys anyway? Colin didn’t want to answer, didn’t want to tell her what he thought about her.  “I don’t think I should…”
“Please, I want to know what people at school really think about me. Most of all, what you think of me.” Jewel’s eyes pleaded for answers.
“I…uh…” Colin stepped away and tilted his chin towards the sky at the sprinkling of drizzling rain. “I thought you were shallow, easy, and stuck-up.” He swallowed, and searched her eyes, hoping she didn’t think worse of him for misjudging her. Water teased the corners of her eyes; he didn’t know if they were tears or raindrops from the slight drizzle of drops from the gathering clouds above.
Jewel staggered back. “It’s not true! Why? I didn’t do anything wrong. Ask your cousin what he did!”
“I didn’t have to. It’s what everyone thought, but…” Colin reached for her.
Jewel slapped his hand away. “You were stuck-up and judgmental. You never even tried to get to know me. To see for yourself, but you believed what everyone else thought. I-I’m sorry I asked. I didn’t think it was that bad.”
“I’m sorry too.” Colin wanted to tell her everything, but telling her what the guys at school were doing to her didn’t seem like a good idea. Especially now that she was mad at him.
“Tell me, what changed? What do you think about me now? Will you…want to be my friend when we get back?” Her hands nervously rubbed her arms.
“I don’t know what I want.” That wasn’t quite true; he wanted to tell her how he felt. That he wanted more, but he didn’t deserve it after the things he thought about her. After what his cousin tried to do to her. If he told her, he wouldn’t have a chance with her, not even as a friend.
Thunder lit up the sky and Jewel started to run. Colin couldn’t let Jewel go back alone. Colin ran after her, catching up in no time. Another clap of thunder lit the sky, and when he grabbed Jewel’s hand, he yanked Jewel into his arms. 
“I want this.” His lips touched Jewel’s. Colin couldn’t help himself, couldn’t stop. The rain fell harder, but it didn’t cool his heated skin. Jewel’s lips froze, stunned. Colin pressed his lips deeper into hers, and Jewel whimpered then wrapped her arms around his neck. Colin deepened the kiss as if starving, thunder, and rain only fueled his desire to get closer. Colin dipped inside the warmth of her lips and was lost.
Jewel pushed him away, her shaking fingers touching her lips. “I. Uh. No!” And she ran. This time, he didn’t chase her. 
Colin kept his distance, but followed until he made sure she was inside her beach house. Exhaling the breath he’d been holding, he sat on his deck, berating himself for pushing things too far. The pounding rain soothed the fire kissing Jewel had left on every inch of his skin.







Jewel stayed in her room the next day. And the next. Colin didn’t call or even try to talk to her. Jewel supposed she asked for it. He must be starting to think that all the things he heard about her was true. That kiss. It rocked her. She felt it to her toes, in her heart, her stomach. Everywhere. She wanted more. 
Colin just caught her by surprise. Pushing him away and running seemed the best thing to do at the time. It was emotional overload, all because Colin—the one guy that her heart leaned towards, actually believed all those awful things the kids at school gossiped about. Being with her, couldn’t be what Colin wanted. Finding out Colin was one of the haters from school broke her heart. Still…Jewel was amazed at how good he could kiss. Passion as if he was starving for her made Jewel wonder if Colin had ever kissed anyone else like that. What made him want to kiss her, of all people as if he’d been holding in the desire to do so for his entire life? Did he want revenge for the break up with his cousin? Jewel shuddered, just thinking about the last time she was alone with her bully ex-boyfriend. It was the same scary feeling that paralyzed her when alone with her mom’s fiancé. 
Colin’s cousin probably bragged about her in some cruddy way. Jewel wasn’t stupid, she knew her ex-boyfriends probably lied about their relationships and what they did with her. Jewel had heard some of the guys whispering about her, then they whistled lewdly whenever their paths crossed. And what they said, she didn’t want to deal with. But it made her even more specific when she broke up with them, because before, her ex-boyfriends lied and told everyone that they dumped her after they screwed her. The names they’d call her were crude. Names her father had called her mother after they got divorced, and worse.
She’d started to think of Colin as her friend. Maybe, someday, as more.  That was a stupid idea considering their last time together. Jewel covered her eyes with a hand. Her head throbbed with all the thoughts rolling around inside.
Megs was banging at the door. Jewel turned away from the noise and peered out the window. The rushing seas reflected the pounding in her chest. Jewel flinched at the knocking, which got louder. Jewel figured Megs was kicking more than hitting the door now. 
“I’m coming!” Jewel wouldn’t fight it any longer, she’d let Megs in. She unlocked the door to Megs standing there with her hand on her hip, tapping her foot.
Megs stormed in. “Jewel, you can’t stay locked up in here.” She smacked her teeth. “I mean, what’s wrong with you? We were having a good time until you brushed me and Amy off.” Megs sat next to her.
“I’m sorry, but Colin and I, we just…I don’t know.” Jewel bent her legs and wrapped her arms around them, rocking on her bed.
“But you made up. You were friends for awhile. What happened at the party?” Megs put her back to Jewel’s like they used to do when they were little.
Jewel relaxed. She relayed to Megs all that had happened. 
Megs shrugged, her light voice holding back a giggle. “You didn’t tell me you knew him from school. So, what’d he think? That you were hot? That he couldn’t compete with all your jock boyfriends lined up to get your attention,” she teased.
“Oh stop, Megs. Just because my ex-boyfriends played sports doesn’t make them better than Colin. He’s…Colin is so much more than all of them. With him I actually feel a connection.” Jewel’s heart ached just thinking about him.
“A connection? Oh, yeah, that was the reason you didn’t want to date any of those gorgeous, yummy, hot, bodacious jocks lined up at your locker. Thank God me and Amy talked you into giving those poor guys a chance. If we hadn’t, you wouldn’t even know what ‘a connection’ was. So thank you,” Megs nudged her.
Jewel laughed with her. “For what? Pressuring me to date and be a girlfriend to almost all the team captains of every sport in my school? Really Megs.” Jewel rolled her eyes. “I should’ve never listened to you. You talked up each one like they were your personal friend, and I fell for it. I thought it was only fair to give all of them a chance. Because of your great advice, my favorite cousin, I figured if I dated them awhile, I’d know if they were the right guy for me. Well it was a total waste of time.” Jewel blew a wayward hair out of her face.
“Oh, I don’t think so. I’d give a lock of my hair to have kissed some of the gorgeous hunk-a-jocks that you’ve played kiss face with,” Megs made loud, wet kissing sounds.
Jewel groaned. “Trust me, half of them were horrible kissers. All wet and sloppy. Yuck!” 
Megs snorted. “Aha! That’s why you broke up with them?”
“No, I broke up with them because all of them were trying to get a ‘hook-up’. Each time, it was the same thing. They’d tell me how beautiful I was, how smart, and then how they loved me. Usually right after they told me they ‘loved’ me, they would tell me they wanted to ‘take the relationship to the next step’. Creepy. Since now I think about it, most of them had the same routine. Boring, and yuck!” Jewel quivered thinking about how unsettling it felt to be mauled by all those meat-heads Megs called gorgeous. But Jewel knew that gorgeous turned to hideous when the lights when out.
Megs elbowed her. “You mean you never…did the nasty?”
Jewel stilled. “You? Did you?”
“I’m not telling first. You spill.” Megs pushed her back against Jewel’s.
Jewel closed her eyes. “Not yet.” She’d never told anyone. Most of the girls on her cheerleading team had been there and done it. They assumed she had also. And now that the thought of it sat in her mind, she pictured her and Colin’s kiss in the thunderstorm. She wanted that…when the time came, she wanted to experience the magic of Colin’s lips on her. Unfortunately, the thought also made her a bit melancholy to know that when she got back home everything would be the same. She’d play popular girl at school only to come home alone with no real friends to talk to or hang out with. Megs was the only friend she had and if Megs wasn’t friends with Amy, she doubted Amy would ever give her a second glance. Most girls found her either too much competition or considered her snobby or a slut. They didn’t want to hang with her outside of the times it benefited them.
“Earth to Jewel!” Megs turned around and pushed Jewel’s shoulder. “No way? You’re like sixteen going on seventeen already? And gosh, you had some REALLY good choices!”
Jewel’s jaw dropped. “You’re kidding, right? You think just because a guy looks hot I should sleep with him?”
Megs shrugged. “Why not? They were your boyfriends. They said they loved you. What else do you want?”
Jewel’s eyes widened. “Uhum, maybe to love them back? Maybe to think they wouldn’t ditch me right after they got the goods. Maybe to be treated…like it’s my choice.” Megs always made everything seem so simple. But it wasn’t simple for Jewel. Every time one of those guys kissed or touched her, she felt like bugs were crawling on her skin.
“Hmm. Well, I did.” Megs smirked like the cat that ate the canary. “With Kenneth. However, did you know…Jake wanted to but I told him I wanted to be his girlfriend first.”
Jewel grabbed Megs forearm. “You didn’t? After how long? I mean, you did date him a year.”
“Oh, about six months. Then we did it whenever we had the chance. Remember when I asked you to tell my mom I was staying at your house? Well, his parents were out of town.”
“Wow, I feel used.” Jewel poked Megs in the stomach. Boy, she hadn’t realized Megs was so sneaky. Jewel hadn’t suspected a thing.
“So tell me, is Colin mad at you or you at him?” Megs stretched out on the bed and propped her head up on her hand.
“Talking about me behind my back, Megs?” Colin’s deep voice floated into the room.
Jewel inhaled a deep breath, her eyes soaking up Colin’s slim, muscular form in his baggy jeans and gray t-shirt. His wavy black hair was still wet. It accented his slightly slanted dark eyes. She’d assumed he’d just showered. Jewel bit at her bottom lip and observed how Colin appeared a little uncomfortable; like he thought she was going to tell him to leave.
Megs hopped up. “Well, I’ll let you talk. Amy’s aunt is driving us into town, so Jewel and Colin, see you in an hour.” She winked at Jewel before shutting the door.
“Hi.” Jewel gave him a nervous smile. “I— About the other day.”
Colin walked over and sat on the edge of the bed. “I screwed up. I didn’t mean to scare you off by kissing you.” He slid a hand through his hair. “I just want to be with you, on your terms. Okay? If that means friends who don’t kiss, that’s fine with me.”
She crossed her legs on the bed, thinking of how to tell him what she felt.
Colin grasped her hand, then tilted her chin up. “Talk to me. Please. I care about you. About how you feel.” He slid closer. “Jewel?”
Her voice came out hoarse, “What you thought about me before – it hurt my feelings. There is so much more to me that what you see at school.” Jewel stared past him. She was too uncomfortable being this open with someone, especially a guy, since most guys didn’t really listen to her anyway. “I know I asked you to tell me everything. And it was stupid, but I didn’t think it was that bad. I thought you would say something like, you didn’t know me too well. Or you thought I was a nice person who was flighty. Or, uh, I was the silly one on the cheerleading team who always messes up her steps, but her friends cover it up for her. Anything but that…”
Colin’s thumb caressed her lower lip out of her teeth, then he dropped his hand. “I wanted to lie to you about it, but I couldn’t. I warned you, hoping you wouldn’t push. But you had a right to know, so I told you. But, Jewel, get this…” He looped his fingers through hers. “I was wrong. Really wrong. And stupid to let what other people thought about you be what I automatically thought about you.”
She pulled her hand out of his, feeling needy and uncomfortable with his touch. Wanting more of it, but scared to push things further. “Did you think anything nice about me?”
Colin smiled. “Yeah, I wasn’t really ready to tell you that. But I’ve been thinking these last few days…” He took a deep breath. “When I first saw you, I thought you were beautiful. I was dating Summer. But part of me saw you and thought you were supposed to be mine.  Wanting you that way, made me feel guilty, like I was cheating on my girlfriend. It was easier to find reasons not to want you, and when I realized you were dating my cousin, I was a little jealous of him, in a way.”
“Oh, I…” Jewel felt a little tickle in her stomach at his comment and had the courage to look him in the eye.
“Don’t get me wrong, I loved Summer, she was gorgeous, and I needed and wanted her as my girlfriend. You though, I had my eye on you in a way that if I wasn’t with her, I’d want to pursue you.” He cleared his throat. “What did you think about me? What do you want our relationship to be?” 
Jewel watched Colin closely, realizing he was nervous. Probably as nervous as she was, “I thought. Well, when I thought you hit me with the volleyball, I made myself believe you were a good-looking creep who ruined my new bathing suit. I’d saved up all my money to buy it for my first vacation since my father left us.” She sighed, “Also, I figured that you were o-out of my league.”
Colin coughed. “Out of your league? Like, too gorgeous to want to date you? So not true.” He ducked his head, looking really embarrassed.
“But now, I want...” Jewel’s first notion was that she wanted to kiss him. But she couldn’t say it out loud. Instead, she bent slightly and softly touched her lips to his. Colin’s lips softened, but he didn’t take the lead. It was like he was giving her control of the kiss, and time to make sure Jewel wanted it.
Jewel pressed her lips more firmly against his, and nipped at his bottom lip with her teeth, snaking her arms around his neck. And Colin opened up, and devoured her lips as though he was ravenous. This time, with Colin kissing her, she wanted more, so much more.






The rain was falling pretty hard, but Colin didn’t care, he was still thinking about that kiss. The one Jewel laid on him just a week ago. He didn’t want to confuse things between them. Or push her too hard like before when he’d just grabbed her on impulse and kissed her in the thunderstorm. He wasn’t thinking at that time at all. Just feeling—everything he wanted to do, dreamed of doing with her—had built up and he couldn’t stop himself. At the time, Jewel seemed surprised, then kissed him back. There was no stopping it, he couldn’t help it, kissing her more was all he wanted—but when she pushed him away...God. It felt like she’d ripped his heart out. He’d spent the days after just kicking himself for being so impulsive.
Colin had never been that way with anyone before. Every thing, or person, in his life had a place. He made sure he did what he needed to never rock the boat—to make sure he didn’t push too fast, or tick someone off, or risk the small bit of security he had left with his parents gone. Maybe it screwed him up. Okay, yeah, it did. After his father died first from a heart attack and his mother from cancer, it seemed that he was walking in a fog. That fog still threatened to drown him. So he made sure that at home he didn’t tick off his cousin, who hated sharing a room with him. Colin tiptoed around the house making sure he didn’t upset his aunt or cause his uncle—who made it known he didn’t want Colin there—to curse him out.
When it came to Jewel, something in him wanted to make her hungry for him as much as he craved her. He didn’t want to be the next guy she dumped via Twitter or text. Jewel understood him and was starting to care for him. It was the most important thing there was to him. What he felt for her was nothing like what he had with Summer. With Jewel there was thunder, challenge, playfulness and starving hunger. Colin felt like he could never stop staring at her, and when her face lit up with a smile, it seemed her whole body glowed with it. He wanted that. To be one with her. But he was a coward. 
Colin ran his hand through his hair and grabbed his cellphone from the table next to his bed. He was glad Jake and Chad went out to play video games with one of the guys a few houses up. His finger scrolled down the contacts to Jewel’s number and he pressed dial.
In several rings, her light, husky voice answered, “Hello?”
“Hey, it’s Colin.” He propped his head up on a nearby pillow. Even though seconds past since he spoke, it seemed like forever before she responded.
“Sorry about that, I had to close the door and kick Megs out.” Her voice came through just above a whisper, and there was some ruffling around. “I thought you were going out tonight. Did Jake leave you?”
“No, I didn’t feel like going with them. They’re just playing video games and watching movies. I doubt they even come back here tonight.” Colin didn’t want them back either, he just wanted to chill, be alone and talk to Jewel without them joking him about how long he stayed on the phone.
“Oh, so it looks like we won’t be able to go jogging in the morning if the rain doesn’t stop. I’ll beat you next time,” she hummed softly.
“Only if I let you,” Colin chuckled.
“Why would you let me? You don’t play weak just because I’m a girl!” Jewel sounded almost like she was pointing her finger at him in warning. “I wasn’t even working that hard this morning. I was too tired you kept me on the phone until 2 a.m.”
“If you give me another kiss like you did before, I may let you win.” He smiled. They hadn’t kissed since then the time in her room. He didn’t take the initiative because he’d felt too guilty to push things in that direction. Since he hadn’t told Jewel about the cruel joke Tank and his friends were playing on her, he didn’t feel worthy of kissing her.
“Hmm, maybe I was waiting on you to kiss me. It’s your turn, I kissed you last,” her voice came through almost breathless.
“Oh, is that how it’s going to be—we take turns now? I kiss you, then you kiss me, then I you? What happens if I get greedy and want to kiss you than you’re ready for?” And he did, he wanted to kiss his Jewel, hold her, smell her and never let her go.
“Then,” she whispered, “I wouldn’t mind.”
“You wouldn’t,” he couldn’t keep the deepness out of his voice, “because I dream of kissing you every night. Over and over and over again,” he paused mustering up the courage to ask, “But would you let me? Would you let me kiss you until I was full?”
“Yes.”
His chest beat faster, and he waited a moment, then closed his eyes and asked, “Can I come over there? Will you let me in your room?”
“Amy’s aunt is in the front room. But Megs and Amy are in bed next door to my room.”
“Are you in the room alone?” His heart drummed in his chest. “Would you open your window and let me in?” He’d beg if she said no, he was on the verge of losing his mind with wanting to be with her.
“Yes,” she whispered.
“I’m on my way.” He hung up the phone. Colin almost stopped himself. He’d never done anything this desperate to be with a girl before. He knew at this moment he was being selfish. There was no way he was telling Jewel about Tank’s part in the team prank. He wanted to have this time with her. Because when Jewel found out the truth, and that he knew it, Colin may never be able to have her again.
He walked out the house and into the rain, which was only drizzling now compared to earlier. The deck was connected as one single deck on the duplex so he only had to go around the back to be under her window. Luckily, the window was just above the deck floor. 
Colin was thankful her window was open. Jewel leaned out. Colin smiled, and Jewel put her finger to her lips to quiet him. Draping a ladder over the edge for him to climb up, she peeked back in her room as if to make sure all was clear.
Colin climbed in, blood rushing in his ears and palms sweating. He couldn’t believe he’d done this. That he was standing there with Jewel smiling at him. His eyes traveled down her pajama tank top with Betty Boop on it, and matching shorts.
He grinned, said, “Hey,” and pulled her into his arms before she could react. He couldn’t stop himself he started kissing her, devouring her, tasting the sweet bubble gum lip-gloss she wore for him. Without hesitation, Jewel’s arms wrapped around his neck. Colin buried his fingers in Jewel’s wavy hair. Several moments later, Colin gently ended their kiss, “I’ve wanted to do that for days.”
“Me too.” She sat on her bed cross-legged. Jewel glanced at the open window. “Guess you are going to have to climb back out when you leave.”
“Yeah.” Colin lay down on the bed and rested his head in her lap. “But that’s not going to be for awhile. Nobody’s at home at Jake’s place, so I’m in no hurry.”
Jewel started playing with his hair. Feeling her hands on his scalp soothed him. He didn’t want her to stop touching him. Ever. Colin laced his hands through hers.
“I’d like to see some of your art,” Jewel’s fingers trailed down the side of his face, “something you like to do for yourself.”
“I want you to see it. I have some in my room.” He kissed the palm of her hand. “I’d like to draw you.”
Jewel smiled down at him. “I’d like that. I…”
“Go on, tell me,” Colin encouraged.
“I write poetry. I don’t show anyone. I don’t think many people like poetry, but I do. I write it all the time. I wanted to be a song writer, but I like writing poetry more. When I’m home alone, which is a lot, I do it to music and pretend I’m standing up reciting it to some cool group of kids who understand me.”
“I want to hear it. If you’d share it with me.” Colin twisted around, pulling her down beside him. He wanted to soak in the beauty of revealing herself —only him. To feel her skin close, and hope that what Jewel felt was strong enough to allow her to forgive him. “What do you write about?”
“Everything. But mostly about my father.”
He couldn’t stop himself from touching her, so Colin draped his arm around her waist. “Tell me about your father.”
“He’s complicated. So is my relationship with him. Well, to be honest, I don’t have a relationship with him. Sometimes I even feel like my mom sees me, and she’s angry with me because I look like him. Everything but my complexion and hair color is similar to his.” Jewel appeared to be fighting back tears. “Oh, but what about you? I want you to tell me about your parents, what things were like before you moved in with your aunt.”
Colin felt a pierce in his heart, talking about his parents was hard. He’d only ever done it with Summer once. “Don’t try to change the subject. Tell me more.” He gave her a wry smile.
“Well my dad is huge, I mean tall. My mom told me he was so glad they had me, that he named me his Jewel.” She giggled. “I know it sounds silly, but that’s why I love my name.” Jewel sobbed. “At least I did.”
Colin, he wiped away a wayward tear with his thumb. “Hey what’s that for?”
She sniffed. “It’s stupid. But my dad, he doesn’t want anything to do with me anymore. He’s got a new wife who doesn’t like me. Never will like me. So even though I call him at his office to leave messages with his secretary, he’s never called back. I can’t even talk to my mother about him. Every time I mention his name, she starts in on how much she hates him. Then, uh, she starts in on me and how I’ll never amount to anything because I’m just like him.” Jewel sighed. “Sorry.”
“Don’t be sorry, I want you to talk to me. I get that your dad left, but that doesn’t mean he doesn’t love you. Maybe it just means he’s stupid. Most guy are, you know.” He smiled at her, “Besides, your love will probably last longer than hers.”
Jewel’s eyelids dipped bashfully. “You’re right. Tell me about your mom and dad.”
“They were the best. My father was an artist too. He worked mostly with clay and rock. His work was amazing.” Colin snaked and arm around her neck and pulled her close. He could smell her, and he closed his eyes to savor it. “If I can create art like him, it would be like I could still make him proud. Let him know that in my heart, he’s never forgotten.”
“That’s beautiful. What about your mom?” She snuggled closer.
“Beautiful, like you. It’s like when she walked in a room everyone around wanted to be next to her. Even kids, my dad used to tease her and call her a pied piper.” Colin chuckled.
“Really, did she work with kids or something?”
“No she was in pharmaceutical sales and traveled a lot. Since my father could work from anywhere he usually was home with me. He and I would cook dinner for her when she got home from work.” Those memories made his heart swell with joy and ache with longing.
“So you know how to cook?”
Colin laughed. “No, it was always horrible but she ate it anyway and smiled about how good it tasted. Usually, she threw something in the crockpot when she had enough my dad’s culinary creations.”
“Colin, they sound wonderful. It used to be like that with my mom and dad…until he left,” she rubbed her eye, “I don’t know what it is about you, but you seem to make me cry a lot.”
“You’re beautiful even when you cry.” Colin leaned over and kissed her. “And I want,” he cleared his throat, “Jewel, will you be my girlfriend?”
“I…uh, Colin I don’t want to mess this up. I really like you, more than any boy I’ve been with. But I…” Jewel swallowed and turned away. “I’m sorry, Colin, but I can’t.” She shook her head, “I shouldn’t.”
Colin slid up closed to her and put his arm around her waist. “It’s alright. Being with you any way you want is good.”
Jewel intertwined her hand with his, then allowed Colin to wrap his arms around her as she played with his fingers, then kissed his hand before falling asleep. 
Colin kicked himself mentally a hundred times at pushing her too hard, all because he was afraid that when he came clean about everything, Jewel wouldn’t be able to stand seeing him again.






Jewel stared at the waves instead of picking shells out of the sand with Megs like she was supposed to be. It had been the best summer ever with Colin. Just two weeks until it ended. All she kept daydreaming about was the night Colin came to her room. It was magical. He’d made her feel more in that one night than she had since her father left. Colin’s friendship had bought her out of daze. Colin made her finally trust herself to actually feel something for someone else—for him. When her father abandoned the family, she was too afraid to express herself, her problems, thoughts or dreams, to anyone in fear that they would also leave her. Jewel realized that now. Her heart still ached for her dad and her mom’s affection. Not having a brother or a sister to go through this with was even harder. However, having Colin listen to her pour out her heart every night had been amazing. He gave her good advice, encouragement and even flirted.
Jewel tucked a few of the unblemished shells in the pocket of her shorts and rubbed her arms just thinking about how good it felt to have Colin lay next to her, covering her in his warmth. Pushing him away when he asked her to be his girlfriend was the worst possible thing she could’ve done. Jewel wanted to tell him ‘yes’ but in the past she’d agreed too quickly and usually by the next day she itched to break up with them.
Jewel enjoyed being with Colin, whether they were talking or just sitting and watching the waves crash. Nothing mattered when she was with him only that she was near him. She only wanted to be sure he wasn’t going to throw words of love at her, then make a quick push to have sex. The fact that Colin still spent so much time with her, even after she rejected him gave her a bit of hope that she hadn’t hurt his feeling too bad.
Megs tossed a shell, just missing Jewel’s ear. “Stop daydreaming and scoop up shells. We’re not going to be able to make the necklaces before we go home next Friday if we don’t get them now.”
Jewel spun around. “I am picking shells,” she smiled, “but daydreaming in between.”
“Yeah, about Colin,” Amy laughed and tickled Jewel just under her tube top, “and kissing him.” Amy bumped Jewel with her hip.
Jewel elbowed Amy. “You’ve been kissing Chad a lot lately.”
Amy nodded. “Yeah, because he’s a really good kisser, and chocolate…mm…mm I love my chocolate.”
“At least someone is kissing.” Megs pouted. “All I get is a nod hello from Jake. I don’t understand him, first he’s all over me, then I tell him I want more and he goes cold fish on me. I didn’t ask to be his girlfriend when summer was over, I just wanted him to be my summer boyfriend.”
Jewel put her arm around Megs. “I see him looking at you when he doesn’t think you’re paying attention to him. Especially, when you flirt at his friends. So I think maybe he’s playing hard to get.”
Megs smiled. “He is? Well I don’t flirt with them on purpose, I want to entertain myself. I really would like to spend time with Jake though. But now that summer’s over, our paths won’t cross again.”
“No? Why not? He’s friends with Colin and I hope to still be with Colin when we go back to school. And…you are my cousin. Or…a chaperone to keep me out of trouble.” Jewel winked at her.
Megs shook her head. “Nope. I won’t talk to Jake when we get back home and all the competition rolls in. I mean he’s a jock. Those guys don’t even look my way during the school year. I’m not a hottie. I’m more of an intellectual who stays in the library. Besides, I don’t show off this awesome body in the cold winters.”
“You never know.” Amy smiled. “Chad asked me to be his girlfriend. He wants to date exclusively when we get back home.”
Jewel and Megs squealed and jumped up and down before hugging Amy. Jewel refused to feel jealous, because the reason Colin wasn’t her boyfriend was because of her own stupid choices. Now seeing that Amy and Chad were willing to take their relationship further, Jewel knew now that she wanted that with Colin. 
Megs tossed a broken shell into the sea. “At least one of us is leaving with a boyfriend.” She turned towards Jewel. “Maybe you should ask Colin to be your boyfriend.”
Jewel put her hand to her chest. “Me? Ask a boy? Oh, I don’t know Megs.” 
Could she? Should she? Jewel gulped, she was willing to take the risk to keep Colin in her life, especially after she hurt him by turning him down.
“Why not? He really likes you. I’m shocked he hasn’t asked you by now. Most guys usually ask the first day of meeting you. I mean first, Colin’s on your payback list, then you can’t stop thinking about him, and now you and him are together all the time.” She hugged Jewel. “This time, with him, you look so happy.”
“I am. I can’t wait to see him in the morning or to hear his voice at night. Going home is going to suck if we’re not together.” Jewel crossed her arms.
“Well, don’t turn around, but he’s here now,” Megs grinned at her.
Jewel ignored Megs teasing and ran to meet Colin who was jogging towards them. He opened his arms wide and she jumped into them, wrapping her legs around his waist.
Colin kissed her, holding her close to him. “I’ve missed you babe.” His hands sank in her unruly waves.
“Missed you too.” She slid down into the sand and the shells fell out of her pocket.
“What are you girls doing?” Colin helped her pick up some shells. He fingered a few of them before placing them in his palm.
“Collecting shells to make necklaces. It’s supposed to be a souvenir from our trip.” Jewel glanced around and noticed that Megs and Amy had left her to collect more shells further down the beach.
“Let me help. If you give the shells to me, I’ll make you a necklace.” He smiled at her, hugging her again, then kissing her neck.
Jewel giggled. It was always so hard to keep a straight face when he kissed that spot. “Oh, that’ll be great. I’m not that good at making jewelry or anything artsy, but Megs seems to think it’s not that hard.” Jewel handed him the shells she’d collected, which seemed small in his large hands. “I tried to get shells with interesting colors and no cracks.”
“Hmmm, you picked some good ones. We can mix them with some of the rocks.” Colin sat and grasped her hand to pull her on his lap. “But first, I really need to kiss you.”
Jewel’s heart swelled. She tilted her chin up and touched her lips to his.  I’m in love with you. Closing her eyes, she repeated it to herself, trying to work up the courage to tell him.
Colin ended the kiss. “Guess we better get to work, huh?”
“Sure. But Colin…I want to tell you something.” Jewel frowned.
“Don’t tell me you’re angry with me.” Colin used his thumb to smooth out her crinkled eyebrow.
“No. But it’s serious,” she swallowed, “it’s about us.”
“There’s an us?” He smiled, giving her a teasing poke to her stomach, then flattening his palm over her belly-button ring.
“I want there to be,” she whispered. “I think of you all the time. I’m happy with you, more than I’ve been in a long time. I didn’t mean to hurt you when you asked me to be your girlfriend. I wanted to say yes, but,” she shook her head, “all the other boys, they moved too fast. I didn’t want to do that with you. I wanted to be sure, because…because, breaking up with you would hurt me so much.”
“Shhhh.” He put a finger to her lips. “It would hurt me too.”
“That’s why I didn’t say yes to you then. But what I’m trying to say is,” Jewel stuttered, the fear that Colin would reject her like she’d rejected him had her heart racing in her chest, but looking at him and the way he gazed back at her, gave her the courage. “W-Would you like to be my boyfriend?”
Colin blinked several times, his eyes watering a little, then he composed himself. “Are you sure you want to do that? If you want things to stay the way they are, I don’t mind. I’ll take any part of you that you’re willing to give.” He kissed her.
She sighed, deepening the kiss. “I’m ready,” she whispered in between small kisses.
Colin held her face between his hands, his eyes met hers, revealing hunger and desire within. “Then, Jewel Dupree, would you like to be my girlfriend?”
“Yes.” She kissed him. “And yes,” she kissed him deeper, “yes.”
“I lo—” Colin stopped himself.
“Me too,” Jewel answered between kisses, then pulled away, wondering if what he said was what her heart wanted him to say, or if her mind was playing tricks on her. “What’d you say?”
Colin cleared his throat, studying her face a moment, and seemed to make up his mind about something. “I’m in real deep like with you.”
Jewel’s heart ached, because she didn’t just like Colin, she knew without any doubt that she was in love with him. “Kiss me again,” Jewel whispered, closing her eyes to hide her tears.






Colin was playing with the necklaces he made for them. He slouched back on the oversized chair and glanced at the text from Jewel. 
He’d matched the necklaces in their design, even cut the shells, decorating them in such a way that when the necklaces were placed together, the shells were whole. One for his Jewel and one for him. He frowned. He should be happy, but he felt so guilty he couldn’t even finish cleaning up the place for her. They were leaving for home in the morning. He knew then things would change. But the last two weeks—they only made him hunger for more, much more.
His cousin was a spoiled snot. At home, his aunt and uncle barely tolerated his presence, and he was working as hard as possible to be out of their house when he graduated this coming school year. But he wanted Jewel to be a part of it. He knew it sounded lame, but he just wanted what his parents had. They’d been together since high school and he saw the love they had for each other. He wanted that, he wanted someone who would be his center, his friend. For a while he’d thought that was Summer, but he didn’t feel as complete with her as he did with Jewel.
Colin only hoped Jewel felt for him as deeply as he for her, and that she could find it in her heart to forgive him for not being completely honest with her. There was a knock on the door; he took a deep breath and went to open it.
Jewel was smiling up at him. “Hi!” She wrapped her arms around his waist.
Colin leaned down and kissed her, lifting her in his arms and carrying her into the living room, his lips never leaving hers.
Jewel ended the kiss. “Are you packed?” Sounding breathless, she slid out of his hands to sit on the couch.
Colin sat next to her and pulled her onto his lap, gazing at her, with his eyelids slightly closed. Kissing Jewel again, Colin admitted he didn’t want them to talk, because when they did he had to come clean about all the things on his mind. Colin owed her that, but the last few weeks had been the best he could remember in a long time.
Jewel laid her head on his shoulder and kissed him softly on his neck. “I don’t want to go home. I wish this summer would never end.”
“Me too.” And Colin meant it. He didn’t ever want to go back to reality where he had to risk Jewel leaving him.
“Colin?” She trailed her finger down his neck to the V in his shirt. “I love you,” she whispered.
Colin swallowed, he was in shock. She’d uttered the words so lightly he almost didn’t hear her. “I’m in love with you too.”
“Really?” She appeared doubtful. “You mean it? You’re not saying it just because I said it first?”
“I’ve been in love with you since I carried you to your room after Jake hit you with the ball. I never told you because I didn’t want to rush things. And I didn’t want you to hurt me. Uh, and I was afraid to admit it to myself.” Colin grasped the necklace he’d left on the table. “I made these for us.”
She smiled and snuggled deeper in his lap. “Their more beautiful than anything I’ve seen before. How’d you get the colors?” Jewel lifted the bottom of the necklace up. “The shells are beautiful and the beads—are they made from the rocks we found?”
“Yeah, I sanded them down real smooth.” His heart beat rapidly in his chest and felt like it swelled at her praise. “I also added some rocks I got in the morning before you met me to run.”
“This is…I don’t know what to say except that I love them.” Jewel kissed him, her eyes teary.
“Jewel.” Colin exhaled, he had to get this out of the way or things would be worst once they were home. “Remember when I told you a few weeks back that we needed to talk?”
She frowned. “Oh, when I came over to the movie party.” Jewel’s eyes got stormy. “And you were kissing Taylor.”
Colin scratched at the nape of his neck, feeling uncomfortable about the past digression. “Yeah. I wanted to be honest with you about something I found out. Something that was happening at school.” His arms wrapped around her, almost as though he was holding onto her for dear life.
Sighing, Jewel ran her finger down the necklace. “I don’t want to talk about going home, or about school.”
Neither did Colin, so he gazed into her eyes and said, “Jewel Dupree, will you take this necklace, be my girlfriend and promise you’ll never take it off? Trust me to take care of your heart and to love you always?”
Her face lit up with a smile. “I do,” and she took the necklace meant for him, “Colin Davies, will you take this necklace as a token of my love for you and trust that you will take my love and heart, keeping it safe in your hands?” Jewel clasped the necklace around his neck, and leaned in to kiss him.
Colin stopped her, his hands at her waist, as guilt drummed through his blood. “I can’t. Not until I tell you this.” He yanked a hand through his hair. “Tank, and all the jocks at the school have a bet going. They have been doing it for years,” he swallowed, “the bet is to see who’s the first guy to have sex with the newest cheerleader on the team. You’ve been the only one none of them have been able to break. So all the guys on all the teams have been putting big money in the pot to see who will win. And when they lose, everyone on the team gets to haze them.” It was why he found out his cousin Tank was so upset when Jewel broke up with him, since he was going to be beat up or pranked by his team members by losing the bet.
Jewel’s smile drooped, her eyes watered, and tears flowed. Yet she was silent as her bottom lip trembled. She attempted to get off his lap.
Colin held her there while she pushed against him and within moments Jewel started slapping his hands away, but he still held her. “I’m sorry. So sorry, babe.”
Jewel took several staggered breaths. Tears fell unchecked from her eyes. “I’m not your babe. I’m nothing to you.” She sniffed. “So, you’re playing with me too? You knew this and didn’t tell me? First, you act like you can’t stand to look at me, then you act as if I’m some freaky slut who moved through all the guys at school.” Her hand lifted and she smacked him. “You waited till I told you I was in love with you and asked you to be m-my boyfriend.” Tears continued to fall. “Let-go-of me now! I feel so stupid. You won huh, you broke the Ice Queen.”
Colin’s blood drummed rapidly through his veins. He released Jewel, his heart ripping in two, eyes watering. “Jewel, I wanted to tell you, but I wanted to be with you more.” His voice cracked.
Jewel’s shaking hands removed the necklace he’d given her. “Colin, you’re a selfish creep, and I never want to see you again. Tell them all what a good job you did making a fool out of me.” Jewel threw the necklace at him, and this time, she didn’t miss. It hit him directly over his heart. Then she ran out of the beach home.
Colin fell back on the couch, and for the first time in a long time, he pressed his fingers against his eyes, and let the tears fall.






Jewel wasn’t happy to be home. But since she got there two weeks ago, she’d taken some of Colin’s advice. The walk upstairs to her mom’s room was a long one, but she’d told her mom what she thought of her new fiancé, then what she felt about all the men she’d been dating. Her mom listened and cried, then hugged Jewel. It was the best, most freeing thing she’d done since her father left. After that, Jewel called her dad. Jewel figured since she had the courage she may as well get everything out in the open. Thanks to Colin’s advice, she reminded him that although he loved his new wife, that she, his daughter, would never go away. Her father surprised her by apologizing. Then he told her he’d put his wife in her place. Her father promised he would come visit for Christmas.
With all that had happened in the last two weeks, Jewel should be happy, but she wasn’t. Her heart felt empty. Every night she went to bed in tears. She’d fallen in love with Colin, and it wouldn’t go away. No matter how much he’d hurt her, everything inside her ached for something she couldn’t have.
He’d called the morning they left the beach, even showed up at the beach house—she told Megs not to let him in. When she’d seen Colin’s phone calls or texts, she didn’t answer. Matter of fact, she stopped even looking at or answering her phone at all. 
Today was the first day of school. Jewel didn’t want to go now that she realized the sick game that had been played on her. Now she’d be alone, even more so than she was before. Spending time at the beach with Colin gave her hope that after school she wouldn’t have to rush home and stress about her mom ignoring her, the loneliness of having no real friends, or the rejection of having a father that didn’t love her. She had Colin and his love was something she was looking forward to holding onto when she got home. Now that was gone and although her parents came around, the solitude she felt now was unbearable.
When she went to school she’d be the butt of another joke. This time though, Jewel didn’t want to put on the phony face of happiness and confidence she’d been wearing the last few years of high school. Jewel would show herself. This year was the first time that she didn’t even show up to cheerleader practice. That wasn’t her dream anymore. Creating poetry, even music to go with it was something she wanted to pour herself into now. Colin taught her that. To go after what she really wanted without trying to fit in—be what people thought she should be. But none of those dreams really made her excited anymore.
Now she just wanted Colin. She wanted to believe he wasn’t in on the joke. That he really did love her. It hurt so bad that she didn’t even want to get out of bed to get dressed for school. 
Her mom opened the door to her room. “Your ride is here.” Her mom had her platinum curls up in a similar ponytail to Jewel’s.
“Thanks Mom, I’m ready.” Jewel put on her backpack and pulled down her skirt.
“Oh, by the way, tell Megs there will be no wedding, so don’t bother going to the bridal shop this Friday.”
Jewel smiled. “Really?”
Her mom nodded, her blue eyes watering. “I regret putting you through the last few years. You mean more to me than anything.” She hugged Jewel. “Now go, enjoy your senior year without worrying about your old mom.”
“I will try.” She kissed her mom on the cheek.
Jewel watched her mom leave, and pivoted around to get her purse off the bed, just as the bedroom door opened. 
A large, warm hand closed on her shoulder. “Jewel?” Colin’s deep, tortured voice sounded behind her. 
She dropped her backpack and spun around. “Uh…”
“Shh. Hear me out. Please.” Colin dug in his pocket and pulled out the necklace he’d made for her.
Jewel’s fingers itched to touch the one around his neck. But she stood still, fighting not to cry and beg him to never leave her.
“Look, I messed things up with you. I didn’t know anything about the scam the jocks ran on the cheerleaders because my cousin and I don’t even say two words to each other. I found out from Jake after I told him I was upset with you because of how Tank reacted to you breaking up with him.” Colin took a step closer. “But what I wanted to say was that if I was your boyfriend, that if you broke up with me, I was afraid that I’d be in much worse condition than Tank ever was. I didn’t tell you sooner because I didn’t want to lose you…or what we had.”
“Colin, I...” Jewel starved to kiss him, to cry, to let him know she forgave him.
“No, listen. I-love-you,” his voice cracked, “and I…please, Jewel, please say you’ll forgive me and I will spend everyday showing you how much I need you in my life. I won’t leave you. I won’t push you to do anything you’re not ready to do. Just p-please take me back.”
Tears were falling down her face. “Colin, I love you too. Never stopped. Can’t stop. I shouldn’t have doubted that you were nothing like those bums. I was shocked and hurt on so many levels it just bubbled up and I took it out on you. Can you forgive me? Can you still really love me after the way I hurt you?” Jewel hoped so.
Colin kissed her like she was his air, and he was drowning. He lifted her up in his arms and spun her around. “Do you want your necklace back?”
Jewel laughed, filled with so much joy tears fell down her face. “Yes! And I want you Colin…just you.”
PURGATORY REIGN, by LM Preston (Sample)








Closer. Come closer. Peter’s large frame leaned on the door to the gym, the one thing he actually liked about the rundown, makeshift group home. He beat his fist against the wall and listened to the kid scream obscenities while searching for him. 
The bully was just who Peter wanted to see. Peter hungered to kick the bastard’s brick-head the last two days for roughing up a younger kid. He didn’t want the reason for the fight to be too obvious, or else Pastor Finnegan would lecture him about turning the other cheek and all. But Pastor Finnegan could save that forgiveness monologue for someone that needed it—Peter didn’t. He’d given up on turning the other cheek the day his life went to crap. Peter refused to call him by that long last name, and the Pastor usually let it slide—if he was in a decent mood. Even so, the old man was hard to shake once he got a sermon started. Being the only authority figure in Peter’s life for the last eight years, the old lunatic had grown on him.
The burly dark-haired boy bellowed, “Peter! Where’s my money?”
Peter’s jaw clenched. And he taunted Remmy with his middle finger pointed up. Then he flicked his chin with his fingers to egg the kid on further, knowing the bully would charge him. The big, dumb ones always did.
Remmy’s face reddened and with balled fist he barreled toward Peter. Peter whirled and pushed Remmy’s head down to the floor.  Remmy’s soft, bulky frame shook as his arms slid out and he grabbed for Peter’s calf. Breathing easy, a sneer on his face, Peter slid out of Remmy’s reach to kick him on the shoulder. Remmy’s upper body jerked back and he howled; his pale blue eyes filled with fury.
Peter reached down, and snatched Remmy up by his collar with ease, then slammed him against the frame of the door. His elbow was firmly placed under the stocky bully’s chin, putting just enough pressure on his neck to strangle Remmy’s cough. “I’m the head dog here! You pull that move with another kid I’ll kick your teeth in without nothin’ to hold me back. The cash I took from you…consider it payment for me not wiping your sorry face across the floor.” Peter yanked back his fist, preparing to knock punk out cold.
“Peter! You stop that. Boy. I’m warning you.” Pastor Finn’s gruff command froze Peter’s fist in place.
Peter’s eyes narrowed at Remmy’s cocky grin. Exhaling, Peter pulled his fist back further and landed a blinding blow to bully’s nose, knocking him out cold on the floor. Punching the maggot out was worth whatever punishment he’d face.
Pastor Finn’s firm hand grabbed hold of Peter’s black curly mass of hair. “You’ve pushed me too far this time, boy! To the cellar, and clean it, that’s where you’re sleeping tonight.” He whipped Peter around to face him. “Your allowance for the week is cut off. Now git!”
Peter stared at Pastor Finn’s tall, bulky chest. Looking the man in the face could cause him to get even a worse punishment. A serious beat down that only Pastor Finn could deliver. Who’d ever think a retired cop would want to become a pastor? The offbeat man of God could read him like the back of his hand. Today though, Peter wasn’t in the mood for it. 
He had to roll out. Get some air. He’d been in this dump for what seemed like forever, and was never allowed off the grounds. Some strict stupid rule Pastor Finn drilled into them. Peter had been sneaking out for as long as he could remember. And he was doing it again today. Beating the new bully up proved to be a great diversion for some fresh air. 
Peter nodded at the pastor and, with a spin, headed in the direction of the cellar.
“Stay down there until after breakfast. Maybe hunger will make you remember the rules here.”
Peter slowed his stride. “Right, Pastor Finn. I get the point.” With a grin sliding across his smooth chocolate face, he casually walked toward the cellar.
He let out a sigh, thankful no one would follow him into the depths of the rundown parish. Peter figured if the place wasn’t on so much land to hide the raggedy dump, the state would’ve condemn it. He dragged his hands along the jagged cement block walls leading to the basement stairs. The old lunatic used the basement as storage for all kinds of explosives, weapons, and antiques. Peter belted out a chuckle as he remembered teasing Pastor Finn about being an undercover hoarder. 
Navigating his way around the stacked boxes, bins, and racks, Peter stopped just past the six-foot statue of one of the saints. He swore the old dude stole it from some real church for his rundown chapel on the other side of the huge basement—the one in which he forced all the kids he collected, or that were sent to him, to sit for two-hour sermons. 
For all the old man’s craziness, he was like a father to Peter—maybe even worse than a father when it came to being over protective. Pastor Finn was like a savior, parent and jailer all wrapped up into one mean package. Pastor Finn’s warnings didn’t spook him though, so with a shrug, Peter stretched.
Taking a deep breath, Peter knelt on one knee, let out a growl and pulled on the metal ring of the thick wood door in the cement floor. The cellar was Peter’s secret treasure, and a way to steal some freedom. His heart beat furiously in his chest at the anticipation. He pushed the heavy door back. It landed with a slam and bump. Deftly, he swung his legs over and climbed down the ladder.
The cellar was dark, damp, and quiet, just the way he liked it. A torn twin mattress was in the corner, his corner. He’d been the only kid to ever be sent to the cellar. Mainly, because he knew how to piss off Pastor Finn. Truth was, he got a kick out of seeing the man all keyed up. Did it on purpose really, as a test to see how far the preaching man would let it go before he’d pawn him off on someone else. But the old man never did, at least not for the time Peter had been at the orphanage. 
Peter kicked the mattress, and lay down until it was safe to roll out. Counting the minutes silently for a while, Peter hummed to the beat of a rap song he’d heard. The club he hung out at on his escape excursions was an outlet for the one thing that seemed to help him escape from his sucked up life—dancing. 
Minutes elapsed. It was lights out upstairs. Finally, it was time. He jumped off the bed, refreshed, and kicked it out of the way. The small, slightly rotted wooden door it covered was the key to his temporary taste of independence. He sat back and with two hard kicks, the door opened. Peter squeezed his thick, muscled frame through the space and shimmied out onto the flat cement pavement. 
Staring briefly into the clear starry night, he took the jagged, broken steps two at a time. The warm summer breeze teased his loose curls while he cleared the stairs. He ran quietly the quarter mile to the garage. 
“Damn!” he muttered. The light was on above the garage that held Pastor Finn’s babies. He really wanted to take a motorcycle tonight, but there was no way he could get one without being seen.
He consumed a deep breath, and ran the two miles to the first city street that put him in the upper South West side of Washington, DC. As he broke through the wooded area just in front of the city block, he slowed his walk to a casual swagger. He slipped a hand in his jean pocket and grasped the forty dollars he’d lifted from Remmy. And chuckled. Remmy had beaten up and stolen money from at least four kids at the orphanage. Money they earned for doing chores that Pastor Finn doled out. Most of the kids were thankful for the bit of cash they could use for candy when Pastor Finn’s assistant went out to the store.
The city was fairly tame that night. Although there were people walking past him to get to the various nightclubs that littered this part of the city, it wasn’t half as crowded it usually was on a Saturday night.
He’d made it out three times this month—getting in trouble just came easy to him. The teen club that opened earlier that summer was his favorite spot. He liked to dance, but only planned to chill and listen to the music instead of mingling. Getting in through the back was always easy, and his only option since he didn’t have an ID. Although, Pastor Finn had taught him to drive every kind of vehicle he owned, for some reason the old fart wouldn’t let him get a license.
Whatever. It wouldn’t stop him. The club was tucked between several tall office buildings. A small neon light proclaimed the name—JAM HOUSE. Kids mulled around waiting in line. Peter slowed his stride to watch for the security guard that went periodically to the back to make sure the alley stayed clear.
“Petah! Petah…” A soft but insistent call closed in from a distance. Rapid steps tapped behind him.
Peter groaned and shook his head when the tingling on the back of his neck started. Not her…not tonight. He should’ve never given her any money. For some reason, him being a sucker for a hungry, dirty, crazy fourteen-year-old girl gained him an unwanted pest. He’d been avoiding her for over two months. Unfortunately, this night she’d tracked him down. Probably wandered around, haunting the spots she knew he frequented.
He hunched his shoulders and quickened his steps, glancing back angrily at the club he wouldn’t be able slip into now. The nutcase spoiled that for him. Peter stepped briskly, hoping the girl’s short legs wouldn’t allow her to keep up with him. She walked with a slight limp. The handicap was one of the things that kept her from following him in the past. She seemed to have an uncanny ability to find him on his nights out.
Peter glanced back, and was surprised at how well she kept up. Her greasy, long, brown hair swung around her shoulders like a cape. 
“Petah! I see….you! You wait for me, Petah. My fri…end.” Her hand waved at him.
He questioned how she’d survived on the streets for so long. “Kiss off. I don’t have no food for you today. Leave me the hell alone and go home!” 
Peter pivoted, looked across the street before he stepped off into a jog just as several cars were plowing down the street. He hoped the girl wouldn’t cross the street to catch up to him. The cars would deter her. He jetted in front of the first car in the cluster of speeding vehicles rushing to beat the yellow light. Someone honked, and cursed at him while they swerved around him. Peter didn’t look back. He wouldn’t look back at the girl’s pale, sad, and desperate face. Peter had problems, issues of his own. Taking on hers, was just not something he could do.
As his foot touched the curb, he heard a blood-curdling scream.
“PETAH!!!!!!!!” 
A sickening thump made him jerk around. His face crinkled with fury. The car threw the sparse girl’s body upwards into the air, and sped off down the street. She bounced several times on the pavement. Peter ran and knelt beside her. Blood dribbled from her lip. And he felt like garbage, being the cause of her injury.
She smiled at him. “Petah. I…knew you would come.” Her dazed eyes never left his face. “Take me home, Petah.”
He shook his head and searched around. Surprised the street was now deserted. Tendrils of guilt filled his chest. Another one…my damn fault. My fault. He slid his arms under her frail form and picked her up. Her broken body was light in his strong hands. Peter expelled a cough, choking on his shame.
“Where’s your home? Your family?” His eyes watered and he blinked to keep himself in check.
“No family. Dead,” she sang. “All dead. But Petah…my friend.” Her hand lifted and she caressed his cheek.
He searched around briefly and hurried across the street. It didn’t take long to spot a deserted, boarded up house. There were many that littered this side street of the city. 
“Please don’t let there be no meth addicts in here,” Peter mumbled, and kicked at the window on the side away from the alley.
The girl groaned and then released a broken giggle.
Peter shook his head. “Only somebody crazy would laugh right now.”
“Crazy? My name’s Hanna…n-not crazy.” She snuggled her head against his chest.
Peter bent slightly and squeezed them through the broken window, careful not to cut Hanna or himself. He laid her on the dusty wood floor and took a quick glance around to make sure they were alone.
“Why did you do that? Follow me?” Peter demanded. He ran his hand down her twisted arm and dirty blouse to check for injures. His eyes closed when he realized that pieces of bones stuck out at odd angles from her arm. Not to mention, her leg was a tortured mess of bones twisted with meaty red pieces of her bleeding flesh.
“I had to… They told me,” Hanna whispered. “They said to protect…” she coughed out blood, “protect…Petah.”
He coughed back the stale taste of vomit and gulped at the red dribble down her chin. “Girl, you crazy! Your arm is broken, you’re bleeding. Don’t that shit hurt?” Tingles of shivers rose the hairs on his arms, and made him tighten his fist when he realized the girl could die. Right here, and all because of him.
“I don’t feel it. They take it away,” Hanna hummed. “All pain…” She gazed passed him and reached up her hand. “Can I g-go home now? So, beautiful you are…so bright. I go,” she whispered, seemingly to no one.
“No! No! Don’t die. God…you can’t.” Peter grabbed her chin and forced Hanna eyes to meet his. “Look! Hey, I’m sorry. Damn. I shouldn’t have run from you. Why the hell did you keep following me? Why?” His hand shuddered as he ran it down his face.
Her eyes fluttered closed, then slowly opened. “To give you this…my gift.” Hanna wiped at the blood on her face. She grasped Peter’s hand with strength that belied her condition. And with her index finger drew a circle, and a squiggle of lines within it. “It is done.” With a gurgle and a cough, blood spurted from her mouth and she went still.




LM. Preston was born and raised in Washington, DC. An avid reader, she loved to create poetry and short-stories as a young girl. With a thirst for knowledge she attended college at Bowie State University, and worked in the IT field as a Techie and Educator for over sixteen years. She started writing science fiction under the encouragement of her husband who was a Sci-Fi buff and her four kids. Her first published novel, Explorer X - Alpha was the beginning of her obsessive desire to write and create stories of young people who overcome unbelievable odds. She loves to write while on the porch watching her kids play or when she is traveling, which is another passion that encouraged her writing.
 
You can find out what Lm Preston’s up to on her blog: http://lmpreston.blogspot.com
and new releases http://bookpartylmpreston.blogspot.com

