In The Name Of Love

By Danielle Greenhouse

Copyright 1998, 2012 Danielle Greenhouse

Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

Visit Danielle Greenhouse on Twitter & Facebook

https://twitter.com/DanielleGrrrr
https://www.facebook.com/danielle.greenhouse.9


Prologue--August 7, 1978  Valley Stream, New York


Dierdre Roesele Vale was enjoying her vacation.  She awoke at ten and settled down in her spacious kitchen with a bran muffin, a cup of coffee, and The New York Times.  Her daughter Emily was at a friend’s house and her husband Jack was working. She was relieved she didn’t have to eat breakfast with him. She frowned, not wanting to think about their strained relationship.  With a few deep breaths, she put that matter aside in her thoughts.  Nothing could be done about it, so it was useless to worry. 
Her hectic schedule made her cherish moments like these. Though she enjoyed being a literary agent, the dozens of queries and manuscripts, the never-ending phone calls, and the cranky and eccentric editors sometimes got on her nerves.  She glanced at the clock and sighed.  The day was still young.  Taking a bite out of her muffin and a sip of coffee, she opened up the paper to the book review section. She wanted to receive a call from Armatura Press regarding her late father’s book, but she wasn’t too concerned about it.  It would take them a while to look the manuscript over.  After she finished with breakfast she would take a stroll through the nearby park. It wouldn’t be too bad, especially in the wonderful summer weather.  The blinds in her kitchen were pulled up, and like the houseplants on her windowsill, she soaked it all in.  She was shaken out of her thoughts when the telephone rang.
Thinking it was the editor at Armatura calling; she picked up the receiver, while trying to balance her breakfast and the paper in the other hand.  After a few seconds, she realized she didn’t need either of them to carry on a coherent conversation and put them down on the green formica table.
“Hello?” she said. 
“It’s me,” Christian, her brother replied, his voice trembling. “Something’s wrong with Ma.”
“What?”
“I’m calling from the hospital.  She had a stroke.”
Dierdre’s small mouth frowned.  A sensation akin to a rock hitting her square in the abdomen struck her.  She managed to remain calm though. She took another deep breath and sat down.
“You can’t be serious...”
“Believe me, I wish I wasn’t.  She’s in real bad shape.  The doctors are surprised she survived, but they aren’t holding out much hope for her.”
“Ma’s a tough cookie.  I know she’ll make it through,” she said, pulling the phone cord as in emphasis.
“I don’t know, Dee.”
“Well, how bad is she?”
“She’s pretty weak.  She can barely move, and I don’t think she can talk.”
“What did the doctors say?”
“Not much.  There’s a slight chance she could recover sooner or later, but they’re not very sure of it.”
“Okay...tell her I’ll be there as soon as I can.”
After Dierdre hung up the phone, she glanced at her bran muffin in despair.  The day had come.  Her mother, the strongest person in the world, was going to die.  She threw down her newspaper, and suppressing her tears, ran upstairs to get dressed.
She booked a flight for three that would depart from JFK that evening.  By eleven o’ clock, her desire for a walk disappeared.  For the next two hours she watched soap operas and daytime talk shows. She couldn’t get rid of the fear growing inside her. She wanted to turn the television off, but was afraid that she would go crazy if she did.  It was a slight diversion, though not a very good one.  She tried to finish the bran muffin and her coffee, but she gave up when she realized she couldn’t taste them.  The sunlight she welcomed before was now annoying her.  She shut all the shades, and sat in total darkness in the living room. She felt helpless; like that day her father was taken away.  She had no one to turn to.  She couldn’t burden Emily with her problems and she wasn’t going to go to Jack, not after what he did.    
She was so absorbed in thought she didn’t hear Emily open the kitchen door and bound in joyfully, dribbling her basketball.
“Mom, I’m home!”
Dierdre, startled by the noise, turned around quickly.
Her daughter’s usually ever-present grin disappeared.
“What’s the matter?” Her concern was apparent in her light brown eyes. “You look like you were put in the electric chair or something.”
Dierdre tried to smile but she couldn’t.  She ran her fingers through her dark blond hair instead. 
“Honey, it’s your grandmother.  She’s not feeling too good.”
“She has the flu?”
“No, it’s a lot worse than that.  She had a stroke.”
Emily put down her basketball and joined her mother on the sofa.
“Is she going to die?”
“I don’t know, but she’s getting old, so she might.”
Emily fell silent.
“Don’t worry Mom.” She put one suntanned hand over her mother’s.  A lock of her daughter’s light brown hair fell on Dierdre’s also in sympathy.  “Grandma will be all right.”
An hour later, Jack arrived home.  Dierdre could have recognized his heavy footsteps and the jangle of his car keys anywhere.  She was watching TV with Emily.
“Could you tell your father what happened?” Dierdre asked her daughter, feeling stupid and guilty for using Emily as her go-between.
Emily didn’t seem to mind.  “Sure,” she said, and went into the kitchen.  She managed to get the news out to her father, but it wasn’t quite as eloquent as Dierdre had wished.  She put her head in her hands when Emily blurted it out to him.
She heard Jack walk into the living room.  Dierdre didn’t bother to turn around to look at him.  She didn’t want to see the expression on his face.
“Are you afraid of me or something?” he asked.  Dierdre thought he sounded like he was interrogating a suspect.
“No.”
“Well, why didn’t you tell me this yourself?”
Dierdre shrugged her shoulders.  She knew it irritated him, but it was not on purpose. She didn’t feel the need to explain things--yet again.
“Oh, are you still mad at me because of what happened last night?”
Oh my god, Dierdre thought, he finally figured it out.
“Yes,” she replied, thinking the fact she was still angry was only natural.
There was a long pause before he spoke.  “So, what are we going to do?”
“Nothing right now.” Her normally soft voice sounded stern to her ears. “We have to go see my mother.  I’d like to leave for the airport as soon as possible.  We’ll figure this out later.”
She wasn’t looking at him, but she knew he was shaking his head in disgust.  Well, she wasn’t going to give in, at least not yet.  Besides, it was his fault.  She didn’t want to deal with him in any shape or form right now, especially since she was extremely worried about her mother.
Emily was still standing behind her.  She turned around to look at her after Jack went upstairs.
“Go get packed,” she told her.  “I’ll be up in a minute.”    
At two o’ clock, the Vale family took a cab to the airport.  They waited anxiously for twenty minutes before boarding.  Dierdre, though she normally didn’t take a nap on planes, felt so tired she fell asleep five minutes into the flight.  When they arrived in a rain soaked San Francisco, Christian met them at the airport, and drove them in the direction of the hospital. 
“Is anybody hungry?” Christian asked a few minutes later.
“Considering the state of airplane food today, yes I am,” Jack replied.
“I’m starving!” Emily said.
“How about you, Dee?” Christian asked.
She didn’t hear him.  She was watching the wipers as they went back and forth, fearing the condition she was going to find her mother in. 
“Dee?”
“Earth to Mom!” Emily said.
“Huh?” Dierdre finally realized people were talking to her. “Did you say something?”
“Yes,” Christian replied. “Would you like to get something to eat?”
“Oh...sure,” she said, distracted by her thoughts.  She wasn’t hungry, and wanted to see her mother right away, but it was Christian’s way of postponing the inevitable.  She was sure Jack and Emily were going along with it for the same reason.  They would probably be a little miffed if she said no, so she agreed with them to keep some semblance of peace.
“Doughnuts sound good?” Christian asked.
“Yeah, as long as they’re crullers,” Emily said.
“You keep forgetting something,” Jack replied. “I’m a cop.  Doughnuts are my life.”
“Well, I could definitely use some coffee,” Dierdre said, rubbing the spot on her forehead that was starting to ache.
They stopped at the first doughnut shop they saw.  Emily ordered two crullers and gobbled them down with along with two small cartons of chocolate milk.  The adults ordered coffee and since a half dozen plain doughnuts happened to be on special, they had two plain ones each.  Christian did everything to steer the conversation away from that awkward topic--their mother.
“I finished redoing the cabinets in the old house.” Christian’s dark eyes took on that excited look he got whenever he discussed a project he completed. “You should see them. They look great.”
“Well, anything’s better than those metal things,” Jack replied. “How old were they anyway?  I think they were there when I started dating Dierdre.”
“They were there years before you started dating Dierdre.  I’ve wanted to do them over for a long time, but you know how Ma is.  Everything had to be kept the way it was when Dad went away.”
“Did you tell her about the new cabinets?” Dierdre asked.
Her brother frowned, but didn’t seem upset. “No, when she signed the house over to me, she said I could do with it whatever I wanted to, but she didn’t want to know about it.”
“She never got over him, did she?” Jack asked.  Since his own parents died when he was young, he had a soft spot in his heart for Dierdre’s mother.
Christian paused for a few moments. “Nope...and I don’t understand it, because they never got along,” He turned to his sister.  She could see he wanted to change the subject right away. “Have you managed to get that book published, Dee?”
“Not yet.” Dierdre toyed with the armband of her watch.  She was relieved her headache was fading. “Though Armatura Press is looking at it.  They said they would call me back on it soon, if they’re interested in publishing it.”
“What about Whatever-they-call-themselves?”
“WMP Books, you mean?  They didn’t want it, because it isn’t ‘commercial’ enough.  When I told them a little about Dad, they were more interested in hearing about him than the book itself.  They would only consider publishing it if I went on some talk shows and tell everyone all the things that happened to him.”
“You said no, right?”
“Of course I said no.  I would never do anything like that, especially since I know it would hurt Ma.”
“But they were the ones who published him before.  I don’t see why we have to air our dirty laundry just so we can get the book on some shelves.  What the heck is the matter with them?”
“There’s a whole new scene at that company. They’re more interested in contemporary fiction.  That’s why I think it has a chance with Armatura.  They’ve put out a couple of lost works by some famous authors of the past.  I honestly think Dad’s book would be more suited to their tastes.”
“Hey Mom,” Emily said, “do you have some money?  I’d like to get another cruller.”
“I’ve got some,” Jack pulled out his wallet and handed her a dollar, “but that’s your last one, okay?”
“Sure,” Emily took the dollar and ran up to the front counter.
“I’d like to get going,” Dierdre replied. “I’m worried about Ma.”
“All right.” Christian’s face looked a little tense. “We’ll take our stuff on the road with us.”
When they entered the hospital in Auburn, Dierdre thought it looked sterile and cold, the kind of place her mother hated.  They went up to the front desk and Christian announced their presence.
“Hello,” a nurse with kind dark eyes and short, graying red hair said to him. “Aren’t you aware of the rules?”
“What rules?” Christian said, lifting up his large hands in feigned confusion.
“No more than one visitor at a time in critical care.”
“Aw, come on, Nancy. My sister and her family flew all the way from New York to see my mother.  You’re not going to make them wait, are you?”
Nancy looked around.  No other nurses were in the area. She turned back to Christian.
“Since nobody else is here, I’ll make an exception this time,” she whispered. “If somebody catches you, though, please don’t mention my name.”
After Nancy pointed out where the critical care unit was, Christian led them to the hospital room and let Dierdre go inside first.  She did not recognize the frail woman lying in the bed with all kinds of tubes and wires coming out of her.  Her dry cracked lips were partially open, and she was gasping for breath.  
“Look, Ma,” Christian said, “Dierdre, Jack and Emily are here to see you.”
The woman’s head shifted, but Dierdre could see her eyes were unable to focus.
Dierdre walked over to the bedside and took her mother’s hand.  It felt stiff and cold.  
“You’re going to be fine,” she said.
“Yes,” the woman replied in a shaky voice barely above a whisper.
Dierdre smiled, relieved her mother could still talk.  Maybe that was a sign she would recover after all.
“You’ll be out of this bed and feeling better in no time.  When you get out of the hospital we’ll throw you a big party.  Would you like that?”
“No,” the old woman whispered, the right side of her mouth turning up.
Everyone laughed.
“I think she’s had enough parties in her lifetime, Dee,” Jack replied.
“Well, I don’t think one more will hurt her. We promise we won’t make you do anything you don’t want to do except eat cake and open some presents.  By the way, what would you like to get?”
There was a long pause.  Dierdre wasn’t sure her mother heard her, but she spoke.
“Franz,” she said.
Hearing her father’s name made Dierdre’s spine tingle with fright.  She could feel tears welling up in her eyes.
“Don’t say that,” she replied. “I don’t want you to leave us.”  A tear found its way out and rolled down her cheek.  She brushed it away before her husband and child could see it.  She felt a heavy sensation in her chest.  It was something she hadn’t experienced in forty years, but she knew it well.  It was the same feeling she had when she found out her father died.
She tightened her hold on her mother’s hand, and didn’t say anything to her after that.  Everyone else made conversation and tried to brighten up the somber atmosphere.  Dierdre simply looked at her mother’s hand.  Even though she didn’t consider herself young at age forty-nine, the pale lined hand made hers appear large and strong.  She gazed at her mother’s face and tried to remember how she used to be.  The extremely thin woman with a very fine white hair, transparent skin, sunken cheeks, and an acquiescent expression was not the vibrant and stubborn person Dierdre knew all her life.
After a while, Nancy came in and announced that visiting hours were over.  They said their good-byes and prepared to leave when Dierdre’s mother called for her.
“What is it, Ma? Is there anything you need?”
“Yes...I want you to...understand.”
“I’m trying,” Dierdre said, nodding sadly.  Though she loved them both, the relationship between her parents had always been a mystery to her.  She also knew her mother was old, but she didn’t want her to go, at least not yet.
Later that night in her old bedroom, Dierdre woke up from that horrible dream she used to have as a child, about those awful men taking her father away.  It had been a good thirty-five years since she last had it.  She had the same sick sensation in her stomach that accompanied it too.  She looked at Jack, who was still sleeping and then glanced at the digital alarm clock, its red numbers glowing eerily in the darkness.  4:03 AM.  Suddenly, it hit her.  She knew what had happened, and cried as softly as she could, because she didn’t want to wake Jack up at this early hour.
Her mother was gone.


Chapter 1--August 1, 1910  London


That morning, Franz Christian Warholm arrived at Heinrich Meyer’s large and ornate Kensington home.  Franz took out his pocket watch from inside his jacket, flipped open its cover and peered at the time.  Gut, he thought, sighing with relief. He was not late, despite having been lost.  Like his employer and host, Franz was very concerned with punctuality.
Not wasting another minute, he returned his watch to the inner pocket of his jacket, and rang the doorbell. A few moments later, the door opened.  Franz saw a large woman in her forties.  He assumed that she was the head housekeeper, judging from her frilly black uniform with the white apron.  Her thin, white streaked blond hair was pulled up tightly underneath a small white cap.   Franz didn’t have to look at her twice to know that she was eine Deutsche.
“Ahh...” she chirped, “you must be Herr Warholm.”
“Yes, I am.” Franz brushed back a strand of his silky dark hair. “Guten Tag, Frau...”
“Guten Tag.  My name is Ada.  Nothing more.  We are very familiar with each other here.  You can call all the help by their first name.”
“Very well.” Franz shifted his weight with ill ease.  He thought Ada’s outgoing manner and informality were odd, especially in a home like this one. He wasn’t sure how to respond.
“You’ll become used to it,” she said, obviously sensing his discomfort.  “Wie geht es Ihnen?”
“Sehr gut, Ada, Danke.” 
“Did you have a good voyage?”
“Yes, it was very enjoyable.”
“Herr and Frau Meyer will be glad to hear that. Come inside and make yourself at home.”
Ada made a sweeping gesture, and Franz stepped into the grand foyer.  He eyed the marble flooring, with an interesting circular design at the foot of the entrance. The foyer walls were china white, and a large chandelier of glittering crystal hung from an alabaster ceiling.  Franz had never seen anything like this before.
“Thank you, Ada.”
“You’re welcome.  I can take your jacket and your luggage, if you like.” 
Franz removed his jacket, taking the pocket watch out of it, and inserting it into his vest.  He handed the jacket and his two bags to Ada.
“Do you need any assistance with that?” he asked.
“No, no. I’m a strong woman.” 
Franz nodded as she took the jacket into the coatroom near the stairway. In seconds, she returned to the foyer.
“I can show you to your room, Herr Warholm.”
Ada marched up the wide sweeping staircase with the two suitcases, and Franz followed.  He couldn’t help but notice the mahogany railing and the dove gray marble steps.  The wallpaper going up the stairs was bright yellow with an intricate gold pattern.  At the top, Franz glanced at the paintings; one was of Heinrich Meyer and the other was his wife, Victoria.
 “This is a very impressive house, Ada.”
“It certainly is. I have been working here for fifteen years, and I still am not accustomed to it.”
“It must be a privilege to be employed by Herr Meyer.”
“It is, as you should know.”
“Oh, I do.”
“He is a strict man, but he is fair.  If one obeys the rules, they are both happy and generous.  I believe you will enjoy your stay here.”
“I don’t doubt that,” Franz replied. He stepped onto the second floor, and peered down the long hallway.  
“It isn’t far,” Ada said, as they began the journey down the hall. When they reached the guest bedroom, Ada set the bags down then opened the door.   She was entering the room, when Franz touched her arm.
“I have a question, Ada.”  
“Yes?”
“Who is this?”
He pointed to the painting of a young girl beside the bedroom door.  A cascade of loose ebony curls framed her pale heart-shaped face. Aloof violet blue eyes peered out under long dark eyelashes. She also had an upturned nose, and a small pink mouth that frowned slightly.  Lilac flowers and white ostrich feathers adorned the large purple hat she was wearing. Her velvet dress was heavily decorated with lace and tulle, and the off-the-shoulder bodice revealed a hint of cleavage.
“That is Fraulein Angèle, the Meyer’s daughter.”
“Angèle?”
“Her given name is Angelika, but she does not like it.  She insists we all call her Angèle.”
“She’s very beautiful.” 
“Oh yes, she is.  Just like her mother. A little bit wild, though.”
“I suppose it’s her youth.”
“Hopefully it’s her youth.  We all tire so from watching her all the time.”
“How old is she?”
“She’s fifteen.  She’ll be sixteen in December.  Are you interested in her, Herr Warholm?”
Franz laughed nervously.  Even though it was a very inappropriate question, he answered it anyway.
“Me?” he replied.  “Oh, of course not.  My background is probably too common for her liking.”
“I don’t think you should rule yourself out.  You seem like a very intelligent, level-headed young man.  Exactly what Fraulein Angèle needs.  Most important of all, Herr Meyer respects you quite highly.  I don’t believe he has ever said anything bad about you.”
“That is good to know, Ada.”
Though Ada’s idea was enticing, he didn’t think it would be possible.  Though he didn’t consider himself ugly, he didn’t think he was attractive and wealthy enough to be any interest to Angèle.
Without hesitation, the housekeeper lifted up the bags and entered the guest room.  Franz was about to do the same when he heard Ada shriek.
“What are you doing, girl!” She barked in English.
Franz, slightly alarmed, stepped back into the hallway, but he could still see inside the bedroom.  
“Uhhh...” a timid voice of a British female muttered, “I was just resting, Mrs. Ada.”
“You are not allowed to do that!” the indignant housekeeper roared down upon the small girl lying on the bed.  Franz saw her spindly ankles, which ended in clunky white shoes. She must have been a lowly servant of some sort. 
“I’m so sorry,” the girl servant sobbed in an overly dramatic way. “Truly, I am.”
“I do not care!”
“Please don’t have Mr. Meyer punish me.  Pleeeasse...”
“Get out!” Ada bellowed, pointing toward the door. “And don’t ever come in here again!”
The girl jumped up, and crying wildly, ran out of the room and down the stairs.  Franz watched her, feeling unsettled at Ada’s sudden transformation from docile servant to raging dictator.  He was concerned about the girl, who was no more than fourteen at the most, and obviously naive.  Yet, something rang false in her cries.  Her reaction was so overwrought that 
Franz wondered if she wasn’t pretending to be upset.  Whatever she was up to, he hoped that she would behave herself.  
Ada turned toward Franz.  Her face was the color of crimson.
“I’m terribly sorry for that outburst, Herr Warholm.”
“It’s all right.”
“We do not tolerate laziness.  I had no choice but to admonish her.”
“I understand completely.”
“You can come in.”
Franz entered the bedroom.  Its size befitted the rest of the house.  Its walls were sea green.  The bed and the carpeting were emerald.  A picture window exposed the urban landscape.  The sun peeked through dark gray clouds, illuminating the city.  A small writing table was below the window.  Opposite of that, there was a gray marble fireplace.
“Are you satisfied with your room?”
“Oh yes, it’s very nice.”
“Would you like me to unpack for you?”
“That won’t be necessary, Ada.”
“All right, I’ll let you be.  Breakfast will be served at nine o’clock.  Herr Meyer expects you then.”
“Good.  Thank you very much.”
“You’re more than welcome, Herr Warholm.  It’s a pleasure meeting you.”
When Ada left, Franz set his suitcases on the bed and opened the latches, revealing the clothing he had meticulously packed a few days before.  He picked up a starched dress shirt and walked over to the large dresser across the room.  He took special care not to touch it very much and set it inside the top drawer as if it were a newborn.  He put away the second and the third shirt out of his suitcase the same way.  They were set on top of each other with the utmost gentleness.  He turned away from the dresser, about to fetch the fourth shirt, when a high-pitched but soft, female voice interrupted him.
“You’re going to take all blinking day doing that!”
Franz recognized the voice as the servant Ada yelled at only minutes before.
“These shirts are very expensive,” he replied, turning to look at the girl’s face peering at him in the small opening in the door.
“They may be, but that’s no reason to be slower than a tortoise crawling on the beach.  You’ll miss breakfast before you’re done.  Lunch, too.”
Franz gazed at the girl.  
“I’m telling the truth, sir.”
“I don’t mind being slow. It is much better to accomplish your goals slowly and carefully than to be hasty and make mistakes.”
“I ain’t saying you have to make mistakes, sir.  I’m saying that what you’re doing is blooming ridiculous.”
“I do things my own way, and I find it very irritating to have others comment on it, especially if they have no business to do so.”
The servant opened the door and stepped inside.  She was very short, less than five feet tall.  Her uniform was too big for her, making her look like a child’s rag doll.  Several strands of golden blond hair had gotten loose of the small white cap and hung limply on her shoulders.  Her bright blue eyes regarded Franz seriously.
“Oh, but it is my business.  I’ve been working here for three years, cleaning, cooking, washing, doing what no one else wants to do.  You could say I’m an expert of sorts on the subject of keeping a good house.  I don’t want to make you angry, I just want to help you.”
Franz sighed.  “Very well.  But be extremely careful.  If you damage any of my clothing, it will come directly out of your wages.”
“I don’t get a wage, sir.  But I promise that nothing will happen to your clothes.”
He thought that it was odd she would say such a thing, but decided it wouldn’t be appropriate to question it.  
“I suppose I should trust you.”
“Oh, you can, sir.”
“My name is Franz Christian Warholm.  You can address me as Mr. Warholm.”
“Mine’s Caitlin Hadley.  I ain’t got a middle name.  You can call me Cait...with a C.”
“Good.  Now, Cait, can you carefully assist me in putting away my clothes?”
She ran over to his suitcase and lifted up the rest of his shirts, four in all.  Franz’s face paled.
“Don’t worry, sir...I mean, Mr. Warholm.”
It took two minutes to put away all of Franz’s clothes.  He had to admit although Caitlin’s pace was upsettingly rapid, she was efficient and handled the clothing properly.
“Ain’t that much better?  You have time to rest before breakfast.”
“I must say I’m very impressed with your performance, Cait.”
“Well, thank you very much, Mr. Warholm.  It ain’t often I get comments around here.”
“Compliments. Do not say ain’t.  That is not proper grammar.  Say is not.”
“I keep forgetting that.  Good of you to remind me.”
“If you want respect, you must possess good grammar.”
“Oh, I do agree.  You speak very well, Mr. Warholm, but you’ve got yourself a bit of an accent.  Are you from Germany like Mr. Meyer, and Ada?”
He paused, thinking she was slightly intrusive to ask that question, but at the same time he thought it would be impolite to dismiss her so quickly after she did such an excellent job putting away his shirts. He decided to answer her. “Yes, I am.  I come from Hamburg.”
Her eyes brightened with interest. “Hamburg, eh?  Odd name for a city.  What brings you to England?”
Oh nein, he thought, sighing, I’m being interrogated by a child, of all things.  “I was hired by Meyer Metal Works last month.  My father is the supervisor for the MMW factory in Hamburg and he persuaded Herr Meyer to have my training take place in London.”
“He gotcha a good deal.  You must be grateful to have a Dad as nice as all that.”
He should have ended the conversation at that moment.  It had gone too far, but having his father referred to as ‘nice’ struck a deep nerve with him. He couldn’t allow Caitlin, or anyone else for that matter, to think that was possible. 
“Hardly,” he replied in a harsh voice.  “We barely speak to each other.  He wants me to be as far away from him as possible.”
“What a pity!”
“No, not really.  My feelings are mutual.”
“You should try to patch things up with him.  A lot of people in this world that ain’t got--oh, I mean don’t have--mums and dads.”
“Well done, Caitlin.  Well, I’m afraid reconciliation between us is not possible.”
“Why not?”
He wasn’t going to answer that question. “Because it isn’t.  Perhaps you should-”
“What about your mum?  Maybe she can help you.”
He winced as she touched upon another one of his nerves.  Yet again, he had to answer this one too, so that the little chit would know never to mention his mother again. “I’m afraid that’s impossible, because...she is dead.”
“I’m so sorry!”
“You do not have to be.  She passed away many years ago, when I was an infant.”
“Poor baby!”
Franz scowled at her sentiments.  
“You do not have to pity me”
 “Oh, I’m not taking pity on you, Mr. Warholm.  I mean, I understand.  I never knew my mum...or my dad, either.  They died in a fire when I was only two.  I was rescued easily enough, but they couldn’t get to them in time.  I was raised in a convert—a place with nuns and all.”
“The word is convent, not convert.”
“Yeah, that’s it.  Convent.”
As much as he liked her, she was only a servant and the conversation had to come to an end. “Miss Hadley, don’t you have chores to do?  You were yelled at by your superior eighteen minutes ago.  Shouldn’t you follow her orders?”
“Yeah, but I’m not going to.”
Her attitude astounded him. “That is very arrogant of you to say that.  If I was your employer, I would terminate you immediately.”
“I wish I was exterminated, like you said.   I’d like to get the bloody hell out of here, but they won’t let me go.”
“I find that very hard to believe.”
“It’s true!  I’m supposed to be helping with breakfast.  But I ain’t...am not, I mean.  That’s what that bitch Ada deserves after treating me the way she did.  I’ve been up since five 
this morning scrubbing floors, cleaning the loos, all that rot.  She’s a blinking helper too.  She don’t have the right to punish me.  Only Mr. Meyer can do that.”
“And that is what he will do if you do not follow orders.”
“No, he won’t.  I got to piss him off direct-like before he’ll do that.”
“Really?”
 “Yeah.  He says I’m his best helper.”
“That is very interesting, considering that your ability to follow orders is seriously deficient.”
Caitlin looked confused for a moment.  “As in...I don’t follow orders.”
“Yes, that was what I meant.”
“You’re a right smart fellow to suss that one out. Well, like you said, it is, but I’m carrying out a big favor for him.”
It wasn’t proper for her to stay any longer, but her unusual employment situation caught his interest.  He supposed it was only fair he be allowed to question her. “What sort of favor could that be?”
Franz noticed her eyes grew troubled.  Yet again he wasn’t certain it was real emotion or not.  She appeared to be on the verge of crying. He felt guilty, and began searching his pockets for a handkerchief.  Instead of breaking out into sobs, though, she sighed and turned her face away from his.
“It’s so bloody hot in here.  I think I’ll get those windows opened.”
She rushed by him and unlocked the latch that kept the French style window closed.  The delicate curtains billowed as a slight breeze entered the bedroom.
Caitlin lifted her arms as if victorious.  
“Ahh...that’s it.” She sighed with relief. “Much...much better.”
“You strike me as a very odd person.  I have never witnessed someone whose moods change as rapidly as yours.”
She lowered her arms and turned around.
“You mean that?”
“Yes.”  He thought her response, like her awestruck expression, very strange.
“Well...I think of you as the kindest, gentlest, most loving man I have ever had a chance of knowing.  You’re also the handsomest too.”
Franz’s jaw dropped.  It occurred to him that she was probably insane.  No, he thought to himself, she is definitely insane.
Caitlin laughed.  It rang, to his surprise, like a dinner bell, clear and elegant.
“Oh, Mr. Warholm, I think I do love you.  Know what I like the most?”
“What?” Franz pushed back a strand of hair in irritation.  He had a feeling she would never leave.
“Your glasses!” Caitlin replied.
“My glasses?”
“Yes!  They make you look...smart-like.”
Franz rolled his eyes and under his breath, cursed in German.
“What did you say, sir?”
“Nothing.  Nothing at all.”
“Oh, come on, Mr. Warholm, you were saying something.  Were you thanking me for commenting you?”
Franz groaned.
“Yeah, you were, weren’t ya?”
 “I am beginning to lose my patience with you.  I would prefer to rest before I meet the Meyers for breakfast.  I have been awake for several hours, and I am not in the mood to play games.  I suggest that you-”
“Try on your glasses?”
“Try on my glasses?  No, you may not!”
“Oh, but France...”
“My name is Franz, not France.  And how dare you address me like that!  I told you to call me-”
Before Franz realized what happened, Caitlin ran up to him and grabbed his glasses off his face.  Since he was very nearsighted, everything around him became a complete blur.  
“Where did you go!” he yelled, turning his head like a frightened child.  He squinted in order to get his sight more in focus, but it was of no use.
“I’m right over here!”
Franz turned around and discerned a figure dressed in black and white on the opposite side of the room, near the foot of the bed.
He walked over in the general direction of the figure.  In the process, he lost his footing and bumped his head against one of the bedposts.
“Mr. Warholm!” Franz heard the frantic clopping of her shoes as she rushed toward him.
“I’m all right,” he replied, still disoriented. “Caitlin, you absolutely have to leave.  You have caused enough trouble.”
He looked up and was greeted by the partially clear view of his glasses sitting on Caitlin Hadley’s face.
“You are blind as a bat at midnight, sir.  I haven’t ever seen things so blurry and bent up-like.  Giving me a headache.  I think I’ve gotten smarter, though.”
“You are quite mad.”
“Yeah, and a jolly lot of fun, too.”
“It is fortunate that I am a forgiving person.  Otherwise, you would be very sorry.”
“I am sorry, Mr. Warholm.  Here’s your glasses back.”
She took off the glasses and handed them back to Franz.  He placed them back on his face.
“Are you through with your foolishness, Cait?”
“Not yet.”
“What other queer experience are you expecting me to endure?”
“This.”
Caitlin stretched upward on her tiptoes and laid her hands on the sides of his head.  Urging him to lower it, he did so, and she planted a long, wet kiss on his forehead.
“In case you get concussed...” she said, letting go of him.
“I assure you that it is very unlikely.”
He noticed she was gazing at him as if daydreaming.
“You look knackered. I should let you alone to rest.”
 “Good, and please don’t kiss me again.  If Herr Meyer had seen you doing that, both of us would have lost our heads.”
Caitlin looked shocked to hear that, but then a sly smile crept onto her face.
“Are you going to tell him that you let me kiss you?”
“No, of course not.  I don’t want to make him angry, especially at this stage.”
Still smiling, she nodded her head proudly. “Well, it’s been lovely to meet you, Mr. Warholm.  I think we’re going to be awfully good friends.”
She drifted out of the room as suddenly as she had entered it.  Franz stood there staring at the open door for at least fifteen minutes.  What a strange girl...he thought, but…I do like her though.


Chapter 2


Smiling, Caitlin ran downstairs as quietly as possible. She never met a man as handsome as Mr. Warholm.  She liked his soft brown eyes, and the way one piece of his carefully combed back hair kept falling on his forehead.  And the way his glasses were perched on the edge of his nose was adorable.
She turned thirteen on April tenth, but considered herself three years into adulthood, starting when she was ‘adopted’ by the Meyers’ for the purpose of working as an unpaid servant.  She hated it.  It was tedious, backbreaking work with almost no benefits. She slept in the cellar.  She didn’t have a bed, and she knew she never would receive one. But now, she had at least one reason to be happy.
She sprinted into the dining room, and sighed as she saw only the linen on the table.  She couldn’t smell the sausages boiling and bread baking.  She assumed she could sneak into the kitchen unnoticed.  Of course, she wasn’t that lucky.  Once there, she faced the towering fortress of Ada.
“Where have you been?” she shouted, her hard stare on Caitlin.
Caitlin pretended to be frightened.
“Um...Um...Mrs. Ada...uh...I’m sorry, so terribly sorry.  You see, Mr. Warholm needed some help.”
Ada’s face reddened.  “Help!  I told you not to go into that room!  You will be punished!”
“No!  I mean, no.  You see, I went upstairs to get my dusting feather, which I forgot in another room, but then I heard Mr. Warholm calling out for you.  I didn’t think it was right to just ignore him, so I went inside and helped him put his luggage away.  I didn’t mean to not obey you, not at all.  But I didn’t know what else I should have been doing.”
The head maid’s expression turned from anger to disgust.
“You are a liar.  I will ask Herr Warholm about this.”
“I want you to do that,” Caitlin said, brightening up. “He’ll tell you exactly what I have told you.”
“We will see about that,” Ada replied grimly. “Now, get to work.”
As Ada marched out of the kitchen, Caitlin stuck her tongue out at her and laughed.
“You shouldn’t be doing that,” Cook warned, his Irish brogue making his tone sound more playful than foreboding.  He shook his ladle at her. “You got to respect your elders, no matter what.”
Caitlin turned around and walked up to him. “Oh, phooey, I ain’t respecting that bitch, not until the day I die.”
A few of the maids gasped at the vulgar word, but they said nothing, continuing to busy themselves with their work.
Cook’s light blue eyes narrowed. He crouched down to look at her. “Watch your mouth, Cait, or it’ll be washed out with soap for certain.”
“Ahh, who cares?”
Cook shook his strawberry blond head helplessly.  “I should give up on you.  You’ll never be nothing.”
“That’s right,” she said, approaching him, “and I’m bloody proud of it, too.” She put her arm around his thick waist and tucked her head under his proportionately large arm, in order that she could peer into a large pot of water filled with linked sausages.  “Umm...those do look good.  Can I have one?”
“No, you cannot,” Cook replied, his mustache twitching. “There ain’t enough for you.”
“Looks like plenty to me,” she said, attempting to grab one.
Cook slapped her hand lightly. “Get your dirty little fingers out of me pot.  Don’t you know they’ll burn in water as hot as that?”
“Yeah, but I thought I’d try for a sausage.”
“Get to work, like Ada said, or else you’ll be beaten silly.”
“Not any more, I won’t.”
“Yes, you will.  Now be nice like all the other girls.”
“I ain’t the other girls.”
“I know you ain’t, but try to be.  Otherwise, you won’t live to see your next birthday.”
Caitlin considered if she would do as she was told.  She could see out of the corner of her eye the other maids’ hateful glances.  They despised her.  
At first, she tried to be friendly.  She wanted some allies, but soon realized these girls wanted one thing--money.  They were constantly trying to outshine one another, and one of them was so wicked she sabotaged the work of the other girls.  If one girl was fired, there would be more money for the rest of them.  None of the girls were reluctant to tattle on each other. 
Caitlin was a victim to their cruel games, and was beaten as a result of one of them. Six months into her stay at the Meyers’, she slipped into Miss Angèle’s bedroom, and tried her perfume. Bede caught her in the act.  Caitlin begged her not to tell Mr. Meyer, and Bede promised in her haughty manner she wouldn’t and she didn’t--not directly anyway.  Caitlin found out through Bede’s rival, auburn-haired Dana, that Bede ‘accidentally’ told Miss Angèle.  Enraged, Angèle broke every bottle of perfume she owned.  Bede informed Mrs. Meyer that Miss Angèle was hysterical.  Mrs. Meyer went upstairs in order to calm her daughter.  Afterwards, Angèle said Caitlin broke every bottle.  Then, Mrs. Meyer told her husband Caitlin broke their daughter’s things, and she suspected Caitlin stole many of her own personal items that were long missing. 
  That night Caitlin received several lashings with a leather belt on her bare back.  It shocked her, because she never thought Mr. Meyer would do such a thing.  The most frightening part was when she looked back for a moment and saw his expression.  She had been disciplined before, with a ruler, by one of the nuns at the convent.  She remembered the nun’s deep frown, but there wasn’t a frown on Henry Meyer’s face.  He smiled, like one of the mad men in the mental hospital.  The next morning Caitlin was so sore she was unable to do her work.  An hour later Mr. Meyer returned with the same belt.  She begged him not to beat her again, and attempted to explain what happened.  That only enraged him more.  She received more lashings and was locked in the cellar for three days with nothing but a bucket of dirty water to drink.  
While there she wondered if the other maids knew.   If they did, were they happy or upset about it?  She heard Bede snicker as she passed the cellar door once, and that set Caitlin’s insides on fire.  The good thing about her confinement was that she didn’t have to work and her welts were allowed to heal.  Eventually she learned their tricks so well they dared not attempt to betray her.  She knew their secrets and now that she had gained Mr. Meyer’s favor, she could easily have them fired.  She witnessed Bede stealing Mrs. Meyer’s jewelry once, and caught her trying on Miss Angèle’s clothes.  Dana’s beau, Jonas, would slip into her room at night and do the sorts of things Mr. Meyer did to Caitlin.  The only difference was Dana enjoyed it.  One time Caitlin was standing outside the window when Jonas tried to slip away.  Matilda, like Bede, was also a curious person.  Caitlin witnessed her reading Miss Angèle’s diary and rifling through Mr. Meyer’s roll-top desk, mostly to touch and smell his precious cigars.  Knowing all that, they didn’t dare cross her now.   At times, she pitied them, and helped them out, but today she chose to chat with Cook.
It was a mistake.  Ada burst into the kitchen, waving her arms wildly.
“You little beast!” she cried out in Caitlin’s direction. “You are a liar!  Herr Warholm told me you came into his room without permission!”
Caitlin pretended to sob.  “I know, but he needed help!”
Ada grabbed Caitlin’s arm and ripped her away from Cook.
“You are the devil!” she screamed into the girl’s face.
“Mrs. Ada...” Cook said, his voice full of concern as he turned away from the cooker, “you’ve got to calm down.  You’re going to hurt yourself being angry as you are all the time.”
“The only one who will be hurt is you,” Ada growled, shaking her forefinger at Cook. “When you are wandering the streets with no job.”
“Don’t you yell at poor Cook, you bloody wench,” Caitlin spit out. “He ain’t doing no wrong.”
Ada backhanded her.  Caitlin winced and shed real tears when she felt the sting.  The other maids kept on working.  Caitlin could hear Bede snicker behind her. That enraged Caitlin to no end.  In spite of what happened, Caitlin looked up at her superior and spit in her face.
Cook gasped.  The other maids paused and stared at Caitlin with gaping mouths.
Ada stood as if she were a statue.  Her expression grew calmer, and her grasp on Caitlin’s arm lightened.  But without warning, she picked Caitlin off the floor and threw her across the room.  Caitlin landed four feet away, knocking her head on the edge of the kitchen sink. In two long strides Ada was upon her, kicking her in the stomach.  Caitlin put her arms around her abdomen and rolled over on her side to protect herself, but it didn’t help.  Ada only kicked harder.
She could see the maids staring, their eyes glittering with fascination.  Cook looked horrified, and fetched Mr. Meyer. Seconds later, their employer was in kitchen. He pulled Ada away from Caitlin.  They had a heated exchange in German.  Caitlin thought the harsh sounds coming from Mr. Meyer’s throat made his shouts more intimidating than usual.  Ada whimpered her voice high with anxiety, and her eyes looking up fearfully at Mr. Meyer.  Caitlin wondered if he was going to hit her.  She never saw him do that to Ada, but she wouldn’t be surprised if it happened. Then, Ada turned away from him in shame.  Caitlin noticed her eyes watered.  She half-sobbed what seemed like an apology.  Though Mr. Meyer didn’t look less angry, he spoke in a lower voice and pointed at the kitchen door.
The head maid shuffled out of the kitchen. Caitlin guessed she was heading to her bedroom. After Ada was gone, Henry Meyer surveyed his employees, finally resting his steel gray eyes Caitlin, who was still shaking.
 “Get up,” he commanded her coldly in English, then turned to the other servants. “All of you, back to work.  You have ten minutes to prepare breakfast, and if it’s not on the table, none of you will be paid this week.”
Without another word, he strode out of the kitchen.  The maids resumed their chores, paying no attention to Caitlin.  Cook walked over and helped her to her feet.
“Are you all right?” he asked.
“I think so,” she replied, rubbing her sore stomach.  “Do you know what they said?”
“Not quite,” Cook said. “They were talking too fast for me to understand all of it, but I think he called Mrs. Ada an idiot and said something odd, like ‘you killed my son’.”
Caitlin tried to laugh, but only managed to grimace.  “What did Ada say?”
“It was hard for me to figure out, but I know that she said she wouldn’t hurt you again.”
She nodded.  “It’s about time.”
Cook glanced at the clock on the wall.  “Why don’t you make a pot of tea?  The water’s already boiling in the kettle.”
“All right, Cook Sir, and thank you again.”
“I didn’t do nothing,” he replied.  He returned to the cooker. “Now, hurry up.”
Caitlin smiled, and with one hand clutching her stomach, did what she was told.


Chapter 3


Feeling well rested, Franz came downstairs.  After looking around the living room, he entered the large, ornate dining area. While he gazed at the crystal chandelier and mirrors with gilded frames on each wall, he worried about that poor girl Caitlin.  He hoped he didn’t cause any trouble for her.  She was pushy, intrusive, and mischievous, yes, but she was young.  In spite of her arrogant manner, she seemed vulnerable somehow.  
He found Herr and Frau Meyer seated at the table without food.  Frau Meyer was staring at the kitchen door, her pink lips pressed together in frustration, while her husband, sitting next to her, was looking at his pocket watch.
“Those dumkopfs have exactly one minute to get our breakfast out here,” he grumbled.
“Guten Morgen,” Franz said, hoping to lighten his hosts’ sour moods.
It worked.  Herr and Frau Meyer looked up in joyful surprise.  Herr Meyer stood and shook Franz’s hand vigorously.
“Ahh...Herr Warholm, it is a pleasure to see you.  Did you have a good trip?”
“Yes, until I got to London, then I seemed to have gotten lost.  If it wasn’t for the assistance of a kind woman, I would have never found my way here.”
Herr Meyer frowned.  “I terribly regret the trouble you went through.  I’m afraid it’s my fault.  You see, I was going to have the chauffeur go and fetch you, but unfortunately, he was fired last week.  I had thought I would find a suitable replacement before you arrived, but I haven’t.  My deepest apologizes, Herr Warholm.”
“I understand, sir. It was just an unfortunate turn of events.”
Herr Meyer nodded in reply. “Now, on to more important matters, I would like to introduce you to my wife.  Victoria, this is my newest employee, Franz Warholm.”
Frau Meyer stood up.  She was a tall woman.  Franz, who considered himself to be average in height, felt dwarfed by her. Her face had the fine features of a porcelain doll, with large dark blue eyes. She was wearing a high-necked brown velvet dress with buttons starting at the collar and leading all the way to her waist.  She looked quite different from her large-boned, ruddy-skinned husband, who possessed deep-set inquisitive eyes the same shade of gray as his neatly combed back hair.
“I’m so pleased to meet you,” she said in an aristocratic British accent, while shaking his hand.
“As you, Frau Meyer,” Franz said. He planted a light kiss on her hand. “If you don’t mind, I must say you look lovely in that dress.”
She giggled softly.  “Not at all, Herr Warholm.  I enjoy compliments.”
“I’m happy to hear that.”
They sat down and talked, mostly about Franz’s new work assignment and what it would entail.  About ten minutes later, a young lady appeared in the dining room.  She did not have to speak to grab anyone’s attention.  She had on a lilac dress appliquéd with lace.  Her dark hair was pulled back tightly, with a few loose curls framing her forehead and temples.  Despite being fifteen, Angèle Meyer possessed a body and a manner that made her look much older.  Franz was breathless. He was so dazzled by her beauty.
 “My darling Angelika,” Herr Meyer gushed, standing up once again, “as always, you look stunning.”
“Good morning, Daddy.” She sauntered over to the table, all the while eyeing Franz casually. “Who is this handsome fellow?”
“Your manners, Liebling.  This is one of my employees, Franz Warholm.  He has come here from Hamburg.  Herr Warholm, may I introduce you to my precious daughter, Angelika Meyer.”
“Please call me Angèle, Daddy,” she said, sounding irritated.
“Yes, Angèle.”
Franz stood up awkwardly. His legs were suddenly unstable. He tried to speak to her, but all words escaped him.
Angèle smiled knowingly.  “It is ever so lovely to meet you, Mr. Warholm.  Would you mind terribly if I addressed you as Mr. instead of Herr?”
“Uh...no...not at all.” Franz felt rather overwhelmed at Angèle’s intense blue gaze. “It is...lovely to meet you...um..”
“Call me Miss Angèle,” she said, taking Franz’s hand and squeezing it tightly.
Franz felt his body respond to her.  Thoroughly embarrassed, he hoped she couldn’t see what was happening to him.
“Miss Angèle,” he repeated, barely above a whisper.  It took him an eternity to bend down and kiss her hand because he couldn’t stop staring at her.  When he looked up again, he saw her mocking smile.  She knew exactly what she was doing.
“I hope to get to know you much better, Mr. Warholm.” She turned away and took the seat opposite her father.  Franz watched her helplessly.
 “You can sit down now, Herr Warholm,” her father said, shaking Franz out of his trance-like state.
“Oh yes, thank you, sir,” he replied. 
Angèle and her mother laughed.
“You are so charming, Herr Warholm,” Victoria Meyer said. “You’re exactly what my daughter needs--a polite young German boy.”
“Oh, Mother,” Angèle replied, “Mr. Warholm isn’t a boy, he’s a man.”
“That’s true,” Heinrich Meyer commented. “It’s isn’t every day you find someone as mature and responsible as him.  He’s comes from a good family, and has attended some of the finest schools in Germany.  This is the kind of young man that you should be socializing with, not those ruffians you call friends.”
“Please don’t speak of that, Daddy,” Angèle said. “You know how it upsets me.”
“He’s only concerned about your reputation, dear,” Victoria replied. “We don’t want you carousing with people who behave inappropriately.”
“I’m so sick of all that. Why can’t I just have fun?”
“Because ‘fun’ will not get you a good husband,” Heinrich Meyer replied sternly.
“Yes, Daddy,” Angèle said. “Speaking of ruffians, why aren’t the servants out here?  I’m absolutely starving.”
“Blame it on Caitlin,” Heinrich said. “She is not following Ada’s rules as usual, and there was an altercation that has delayed our meal.”
“I don’t mean to pry into your affairs, Herr Meyer, but I was wondering what happened.”
 “You are not prying. Everyone in London knows I magically attract only the most incompetent and misbehaved help.  What happened was Ada lost her temper again, and punished Caitlin, even though I told her many times not to do so.  She was so irate, I had to order her back to her room.  I know it wasn’t her fault.  Caitlin is an unruly servant, but we cannot punish her.”
“Why not?”
“She’s a very frail girl,” Victoria explained. “We took her in for just that reason, and also to teach her to obey rules and learn proper behavior so she’ll at least have a chance to earn a living when she’s older.”
“I don’t want to sound rude,” Franz said, “but if she’s so sick, why is she working as your servant?”
“Good question, Herr Warholm,” Heinrich said. “She is not sick in the body, but sick in her mind. Do you understand what I mean?”
“Oh yes, sir,” Franz replied, nodding gravely.
“We took her into our home to as a favor to Dr. Harold Cannon, the supervisor of the Bellingham Psychiatric Hospital, and a good friend of mine.  He was testing a new program to ease the population problem there.  He asked several families like ours to volunteer by adopting one young, mildly disturbed inmate and give them housing, food and education.  When Caitlin arrived here, we thought it best to put her to work as a servant in order to teach her discipline and responsibility.  I don’t know if you’ve met her yet, but if you have, you may have noticed that she is flighty and unpredictable.”
“Yes, I’ve become acquainted with her, and I’ve noticed those qualities in her, but I must say that despite being mentally ill, she is good worker.  She came into my room and helped me unpack my clothes, and she did an excellent job.  That’s why I hope she didn’t get punished too severely for entering my room unannounced.  I tried to explain the situation to your head maid, but I don’t think she heard me.”
“Ada is like that,” Heinrich replied. “She’s worked for our family for many years, and I’d never let her go, but she has no patience.  She was angry, but I don’t believe she harmed Caitlin.  Not that the waif would be affected.  The girl forgets everything that happens as soon as it is over.”
Finally, a young fair-haired maid appeared in the living room, balancing a basket of hard rolls in one hand and a tray filled with pastries in the other.
“What in God’s name took you so long?” Heinrich yelled at her. “You’ve kept us waiting nearly thirty minutes.”
“I’m sorry, sir,” the girl replied, setting the basket and tray in the middle of the table. “Caitlin is stirring up trouble again.  She was trying to eat the food, and when we told her not to, she became worse.  It took three of us to hold her back and keep her away from it.”
Angèle huffed. “Daddy, you should send that little twit back where she belongs.”
“Watch your language, Angelika,” her father warned. “You know it isn’t proper to speak of people that way, even if they’re not as privileged as you are.”
“I don’t know why you like her so much, being as hateful as she is.  She’s cruel to the other maids, too.  Don’t you think so, Bede?”
“Yes, I do,” the young servant replied. “She’s constantly laughing at us and playing mean tricks.”
“Stop complaining and get the food out here,” Heinrich said, handing a roll to his wife.
 “I’m heeere!” Caitlin yelled. She bounced out the door with a silver tea service set. “And I got your tea!”
“Hush up!” Bede commanded. “We have a guest, so try to act dignified for once.”
“You ain’t my boss,” Caitlin replied, setting the tray on the table.  She poured tea into everyone’s cup.
“You people must be starving,” she said. “It’s such a shame your help is so slow, Mr. Meyer.  If I was just working for you, you would have been already done eating by now.”
“We know how efficient and practical you are, Caitie,” Angèle replied sarcastically.
“Yes, I know,” Caitlin said, not seeming to notice Angèle’s tone of voice. “I’m so good that Mr. Meyer promised me Ada’s job when she dies.”
Both Angèle and Victoria gasped.  “Daddy, you didn’t!” Angèle cried.
Heinrich looked as shocked as his wife and daughter.
“I didn’t promise you anything,” he said to Caitlin. “I only told you that someday you could be a head maid if you keep up the good work.”
“Well...I suppose it’s my mistake.  I guess I wasn’t hearing you right with all your fancy words,” She frowned and her eyes grew wistful. “At least it’s something I could still dream about, even if it ain’t ever coming true.”
“I think Caitlin would make a perfect head maid,” Franz remarked. “She’s thorough, yet fast when working, and I think she would be an excellent choice for a replacement if ever Ada was unable to fulfill her duties.  She also has a charming personality, which I believe is a major asset in her line of work.”
The Meyers looked at Franz as if he had gone insane, though they did not argue with him.   Franz was a little disconcerted by their reactions, even though he was happy that Caitlin was beaming.  
“Oh thank you, Franz...opps, I mean Mr. Warholm,” she replied. “You are such a sweetheart.”
“It is not a problem,” he said, looking up at her smiling face, “I was only speaking the truth, that’s all.”
The other maids burst in with the rest of breakfast.  Dana was carrying a large pot of sausages, Bede, the cheese and Matilda, a small basket of various fruits.  Caitlin assisted them in serving breakfast.  Most of the time, Franz had his eyes on Angèle. Even though she looked disgusted and distraught at the sudden chaos, he still thought she was unbelievably beautiful.  Occasionally, he was compelled to glance at Caitlin.  Suddenly, he noticed a narrow red streak had appeared on the left side of her head.
“Caitlin!” he yelled, as she was about to return to the kitchen.
“What is it?” she said.
Without explaining the reason to his hosts, he stood up and led her into the kitchen.
“What are you doing?” she asked in a frightened voice.
“It’s nothing to worry about,” Franz replied. “You’re just bleeding a little.”
“Bleeding?”
“Sir, can you fetch a towel for me?” he addressed Cook.
“Right away,” he replied, handing him a towel from the stove.
Franz soaked it by pumping cold water from the sink, and washed the blood from Caitlin’s hair.
 “One of you ladies...Bede...can you bring me some bandages?”
“As you wish, sir,” Bede replied.
“I ain’t gonna die, am I?” Caitlin asked.
“No,” Franz said, “the wound doesn’t look serious.  I think it’ll heal up in a week or two.”
“I didn’t know you were a doctor,” Caitlin said.
“I’m not.  I just like to read medical texts.”
“Medical texts?  Sounds boring to me.”
“No, actually it isn’t.  I find them very fascinating.”
“You’re a really odd fellow, Mr. Warholm.”
“And you’re an especially odd young lady, so I suppose that makes us even.”
Bede appeared in the room with a roll of bandages and gave them to Franz.
“Don’t make me look like a mummy. I still gotta work.”
“I promise I won’t,” he said, wrapping it around her head a few times. “Does anyone have a pair of scissors available?”
“Here are my sewing shears, Mr. Warholm,” Bede replied, “I know they’re too small to cut properly, but they were all I could find.”
“They will do,” he said, taking them from her.
He cut off bandage and secured it.  
“Do you feel better, Cait?” Cook asked.
“Yeah, even though I look like an idiot.”
“You look fine,” Cook replied.
 “Thank you,” Caitlin said to Franz. “It’s not every day that someone saves me from bleeding to death.”
“I’m happy to be of assistance.  Now, I have to go and eat breakfast before the Meyers’ start wondering what happened to me.”
“Can I have a hug first?”
“Uh...of course,” Franz replied, feeling ambivalent about such a request.
Since Franz was not used to close contact, especially by a person he barely knew, he stiffened as she put her arms around his waist and lay her head against his abdomen.  That moment, he felt something deep and painful. It was exactly the way he felt when he looked at the only picture he owned of Elena, his mother, and realized that there were many things he would never have.
“I have to leave,” he said, and pushed Caitlin away.
When he entered the dining room, he noticed the Meyers were eating and chatting away as if nothing unusual had happened.
“I’m terribly sorry to have interrupted your meal,” Franz said. “I just thought something had to be done.”
“You didn’t interrupt us,” Heinrich Meyer replied. “We know you were simply being helpful.  Just don’t let it happen again.”
“Don’t worry, Sir,” Franz said. “It won’t.”
“We having such a delightful time until Caitlin came in,” Angèle said. “She always manages to ruin everything.  Now, Mr. Warholm...sit down and tell me about yourself.  I can’t wait to learn more about you.”
Franz sat down and chatted with Angèle.  He couldn’t figure out what was wrong with this household.  Whatever it was, he hoped he wasn’t going to find himself in the middle of it any time soon.  


Chapter 4


The next day, Franz spent most of his time with the Meyers’.  Heinrich purchased a brand new white Austro-Daimler only weeks ago.  He had taken motoring lessons and thought he handled the vehicle well, but he hadn’t taken it out of the carriage house since.
“Why is that?” Franz asked, as they entered the dark, dusty place that smelled like metal and oil.
“Well...” Heinrich replied, “I can’t turn the crank fast enough to start it.”
“It’s nothing to be ashamed of.  It is a difficult thing to do.  I’ve heard of men braking their arms and even having heart attacks because of the tremendous effort involved.”
“My former chauffeur belittled me behind my back about it.  He seemed to have told everyone in this city that I was a weak man.”
“I suppose he knows better now that he isn’t employed by you anymore.”
Heinrich grinned. “You’re smart, Herr Warholm, almost as smart as I.”
“Danke,” Franz replied humbly. “Maybe I can be a help to you in starting your car.”
“You’re also perceptive.  I was going to ask you that.”
Franz walked over to the front of the car, put one of his hands around the crank, and grabbed the choke wire with the other.  
Franz turned the lever as fast and for long as he could.  The vehicle groaned but did nothing more.  Three attempts later, the engine roared and a puff of smoke appeared behind the automobile.  By then, he was covered with sweat, his hands and clothes were dirty and he was breathing heavily.
“You can come in!” Heinrich cried to his wife and daughter waiting outside. “It’s running!”
Victoria and Angèle rushed in.  Both donned extravagantly decorated hats and were carrying ruffled parasols that matched their outfits.
“I hate riding in this thing,” Angèle said. She sat in the back seat next to Franz. “It’s noisy, dirty, and doesn’t run half the time.”
“Get used to it, Liebling,” Heinrich said. He pulled out of the carriage house onto the cobblestone road.  “The automobile is the future.  Ten years from now, there won’t be any horse-drawn carriages.  Everyone will have a motor car.”
“I doubt that,” Angèle replied. “Not if men have to kill themselves just to get them started.”
“Someday it won’t be that way,” Franz said. “Not with technology advancing as fast as it is.  Soon, you’ll be able to push a button or pull a switch and the vehicle could start.”
“I don’t see how that could happen,” Heinrich said. “It takes too much of a force to run a motor that easily.”
“It is improbable, Herr Meyer, but not impossible.  Theodor Kainz, an former classmate of mine, came up with a theory on how it could be accomplished.  It’s terribly complicated, and I don’t think it would be possible to build a piece of equipment that could do such a thing today, but someday it will be a reality.”
“Perhaps you could invent something that could do that sort of function,” Victoria said. “Then ladies would be able to drive.”
 “I would love to,” Franz replied, “but I’m afraid that I am terribly unoriginal when it comes to matters of science and engineering.”
“Don’t embarrass me, Mother,” Angèle retorted. “I cringe at the thought of you driving a hideous tin can such as this.  Now, let’s talk of more interesting things.”  She turned to Franz.  “I was curious, Mr. Warholm, do you have a lady waiting for you in Germany?”
Franz gulped.  “I’m afraid not,” he said, his voice strained. “I live with my father, and except for an aunt, I do not have much contact with females.”
Angèle smiled, moved closer, and placed her hand on Franz’s leg.  His temperature rose.
“I assure you, Franz,” Angèle whispered, “that when you leave England, you’ll know the female species very well.”
He shivered those words and what they meant.  He had never been in a situation like this before.  The proper course of action would be to distance himself.  But part of him enjoyed the game and wanted more.  He never had the opportunity to be in the company of a beautiful woman who desired him.  If he didn’t take advantage of it, it might never happen again. Even if she were using him, it would still be worth the while.
The image of Caitlin hugging him appeared in his head.  He tried to push it down and focus on Angèle, but he couldn’t.  He saw a glimmer of distress in Angèle’s eyes and knew she could sense his attention wandering elsewhere.
“Is something wrong?” she asked.
“No,” Franz replied nervously. “I’m just a little…preoccupied, that’s all.”
“I’ve give you something else to think about,” she said.
Her hand moved up his leg.  He thought she would stop, but she didn’t.  Then she forced her hand between his legs.  He was shocked and intimidated by her assertiveness but a small part of him enjoyed it though he was inches away from her parents and in wide view of the general public.  
Her expression turned from loving to hard, and he yelped when her fingernails dug viciously into his private area.
“From now on,” she hissed, “the only thing you think about is me.  Understand?”
Franz nodded, hoping she would stop hurting him.  The sharp, stinging sensation was unbearable.
“Please, let go of me,” he whispered.
Angèle’s face softened, now looking confused.  She withdrew her hand.
Franz blinked in disbelief.  He didn’t know what else to say to her. He was so devastated.
“Are you causing trouble, Angèle?” her father asked.
She slid back to her original position.
“No, of course not,” she replied in a sweet voice. She gazed haughtily at Franz. “Mr. Warholm and I were just chatting.”
Franz realized just how dangerous women could be.


Chapter 5


Except for social gatherings or celebrations, the servants retired at nine o’clock.  This included Caitlin, who reluctantly returned to the cellar.  She was usually too restless and anxious to sleep much, though she was tired.  It was pointless when Henry Meyer would wake her up for some odd duty.  Usually it was straightforward and took minutes, though at times it was complicated and lasted forever.  Whatever suited him was done.  He owned her and as he whispered to her on occasion, “I could kill you with my bare hands and leave you to rot.  Nobody would care.”
He was right.  No one cared.  Except for Cook, everyone in the household hated her.  She thought about running away, but to what? She would end up begging on the streets.  It was better to have a roof over her head and her mouth fed than live in the world outside.
She awoke from a restless sleep in the middle of the night, expecting Henry to be there.  He wasn’t. He didn’t come as often since they discovered her condition.  It was the only positive benefit of it.  Otherwise, she dreaded it.  She had a clear idea how it came to be, but she didn’t know how long it would last and how it would end.  It had to be very painful.  Henry forbid her to tell anyone about it and wouldn’t answer any of her questions.  
She stared into the darkness.  I suppose it ain’t that bad.  My mum did it and her mum before her and they lived, so I could do it too.
She stood up, brushed the dirt off her grayish blue nightdress and stretched.  She would wake Franz and ask him. That kind of thing would be in those medical texts he read.  
The cellar stairs groaned.  Once upstairs, she tried to be quiet, because the other servants were nearby and most of them, especially Ada, were light sleepers.  She remembered when Ada caught her eating food in the kitchen a few months ago, and the bump she received on her head when she was thrown back down the cellar.  She wasn’t about to let that happen again.
She crept through the darkened rooms unnoticed.  She stopped when she heard someone stir.  When she heard no more, she continued.  A faint light peeked out under Franz’s door, and she assumed he forgot to shut off his lamp.  When she entered his room, she was surprised to see him awake.  He was seated at the writing table, scribbling furiously.  He took no notice as she walked over to him.  
She put her hand on his shoulder and he jumped up.
“Oh, I didn’t mean to startle you, Mr. Warholm.”
“What are you doing awake at this hour? And why are you in my room?”
“Why are you up? You should be getting your rest, not drawing pictures.”
“I’m not drawing. I’m writing.”
“Writing?” She glanced over at a sheet of paper.
“Yes.”
“What you writing about?”
“Well...it’s a little difficult to explain, but I’m writing poetry.”
“Poetry?  What is that?”
“You don’t know what poetry is?” Franz asked. “Surely you’re joking.”
 “No, I’m not.”
He sighed.  “Well, my dictionary defines poetry as a metrical composition, and that it is, but I think it is expression of those things that are important to all of us, but in a way that is pleasing to the ear.”
Caitlin didn’t understand what he talking about, but she nodded anyway.
“Would you like to hear the one I completed?” he asked.
“All right.”
Franz held up the sheet of paper.  “It is called ‘Your Love Is Like The Sun’.”

Your love is like the sun
Because I can’t live without it.   
I need your light to give me
Strength and hope
Like the earth needs the sun
For life.  
I do not come from any seed
Or any womb
I only live because of you.
Yet, if you were not purely unobtainable
And very distant
Blindness would overcome me
And I would melt away
Because you are much too brilliant 
And bright for my eyes to bear.

“That’s it?” Caitlin replied, frowning.
“Yes.  Most poems are only a few lines long.”
“I don’t want to upset you, but I couldn’t understand a blinking thing you were saying.”
“That’s understandable. Most poems are symbolic, and everyone has their own version of what they stand for.  What do you think I meant?”
 “I don’t know.  Sounded like gibberish to me.  What was it supposed to be about?”
“It speaks of unrequited love,” Franz said. “Of someone who seems god-like and is the only reason for your survival.  Yet, they don’t know that you exist.”
“Why bother loving them when they ain’t loving you back?  Seems like a waste of time to me.”
“You’re right, it is.”
“Then why not forget them and find someone else?”
“It’s not that easy,” he said.
“Why not?”
“It just isn’t.  Obviously you’ve never been in love or else you would know what I was talking about.”
“Hey, I’ve been in love!” Caitlin huffed. “He said I was pretty and he would take care of me, but he started hurting me, so I stopped loving him.  Simple as that.”
“I wish I could do that,” Franz said.
“Who is it that you’re love with?”
“Her name is Berta Rosemarie Treder.  She lived in the flat next to my family’s for as long as I can remember. I was always in love in her, but she never knew who I was.  Her father was a shoemaker, and though we were not rich, we lived much better than they did.  I remember her telling her friends that when she grew up she would marry a wealthy man, so all I wanted from then on was to become rich.  I knew the only way I could do that was to go to university and earn a professional degree, so I put more effort into my studies than my classmates did.  My father tried to discourage me in doing so.  He almost forced me to leave the gymnasium when I was fourteen, in order to work at the MMA factory in Hamburg as his apprentice, but when I promised him that I would give him half my savings if I was able to finish school, he changed his mind. On the day I graduated, I decided that I would tell Berta of my love for her.  When I went to her home and asked if she was there, her mother told me that she was at my house.  I thought she was waiting for me. When I returned home, I saw her kiss my father.  She announced that they were engaged.  That was the worst day of my life.  I don’t know how I lived through it.”
“Why didn’t you tell her that you loved her before?” Caitlin asked.
“I don’t know,” Franz replied sadly. “I wanted to, but I was afraid she would reject me.”
“At least you would have known she didn’t like you, and you could have found someone else.”
“It’s too late now.”
“When is your dad and this lass getting married?”
“Today.”
“Oh...you weren’t invited to the wedding?”
“No, my father knows how I feel about Berta, and he wanted to make certain I was as far away as possible on the day of the ceremony, so I wouldn’t ruin the event for him and his bride.”
“Now I know why you two don’t get along.  He sounds like a bloody bastard to me.”
“Yes, he is certainly that.”
“Are you gonna send that poem off to Berta?”
“No, I don’t want to make her unhappy.”
“What are you gonna do with it?” 
 “I don’t know.  I suppose I could send it off to a literary journal, or I could have it published as part of my collection.”
“Collection of what?”
“Poetry.”
“You’re writing a book that’s all poetry?”
“Yes.”
“Who would want to read that?  Those things are so confused-like.  Why don’t you tell people straight away what happened to you?”
“It wouldn’t be considered poetry.”
“You could rhyme it.  It would be pretty and people would understand it.  My favorite rhyming story is ‘The Old Man From Nantucket’. You wanna hear it?”
Franz raised his hand.  “No, thank you.  I think I’ve experienced enough obscenity for one day.”
“Well, suit yourself.  By the way, I got some questions for you.”
“All right, just let me check your head first.”
He partially unwrapped the bandage and peered at the wound.
“It’s doing well,” he declared. “You won’t need stitches, and you should only have to wear the bandage for another week or so.  So, what are your questions about?”
“Um...they’re about...having a baby.”
“You’re rather young to be curious about that subject.”
“I know, but you have to tell me about it.”
“Why?”
“You see...Mrs. Meyer...she’s having one.”
“She is?”
“Yeah, it’s gonna be a boy.”
“There is no way of determining the sex of a child before it is born, Caitlin.”
“Well, that’s what they told me.  I was wondering...how long it takes for it to be born.”
“It is nine months from conception to birth.”
“What’s conception?”
“The point of time when the sperm penetrates the egg.”
“Egg?  People don’t lay eggs!”
“No, they don’t, but the female carries thousands of tiny cells called eggs in her ovaries.  Every month one or two ripen and travel from the ovary to the uterus.”
“Uterus?  What the hell are you talking about?  And what’s a sperm and those aviary things?”
“Ovary.  Conception is the time when the child is first created.”
“Oh, now you’re starting to make some sense.  The baby...it stays in the mum nine months right?  Well, I’ve seen a lot of babies when I was living at the convert and they’re a bit big to be coming out of a person.  How do they get out?”
“Through the birth canal.”
“Where’s that?”
“It’s the passage that leads to the vagina.”
“The what?”
“That area between your legs, Cait.”
She grimaced.  “That ain’t big enough for no baby.”
“It becomes bigger.  A woman’s hips widen and the vagina dilates, or stretches during labor.”
“Oh lord...that must hurt awful-like.  So, how does the mum know her baby’s coming?”
“There’s a series of symptoms.  The first sign is usually a little bit of bleeding.  Then the amniotic sac ruptures, which is a sign that the child will be born in the next twenty-four hours.  After that, contractions begin.  At first they are an hour to thirty minutes apart, but as the birth nears they occur closer together.  It all ends when the child is born.”
“How long does this all take?”
“Usually several hours.”
Caitlin felt horrified.  She couldn’t believe this was going to happen to her.  She doubted she would survive something so gruesome.
“Can...someone...can they die from that?”
“Unfortunately, yes, but if the mother is healthy and there are no complications with the delivery, the chance of death occurring is lowered greatly.”
“Mrs. Meyer doesn’t know what she’s getting herself into,” Caitlin replied. “She’s says she’s a woman of leisure.  She’s not used to no pain like that.”
“She’s knows what to expect,” Franz said. “She gave birth to Miss Angèle.”
“I’m not doing no stupid thing like that.   I’m not letting my baby get born if I get one.  I’ll kill it before it comes.”
“That is a very dangerous thing to do,” Franz replied, “and it is wrong.  How would feel if your mother killed you before you were born?”
“I’d be blooming relieved.  Then I wouldn’t be slaving away for nothing.”
Franz shook his head.  “You’re too naive to understand what you’re saying.”
Caitlin’s eyes filled with tears.  “Oh yeah?” she cried. “You can tell me all you want about right and wrong, but you ain’t living my life.  You’re smart, all right, but you ain’t smart enough to know what I go through every day.”
She sat down on his bed and sobbed.  She was alone, and no one would ever understand or be able to help her.
“That’s true.  I don’t know what it is like to be you,” he said softly, “and I don’t understand why you’re so upset over this matter.  It isn’t any of your concern, unless you are pregnant yourself.”
“No, I ain’t having a baby,” she said.
“What is the matter, then?”
Caitlin stood up unsteadily.  “Nothing,” she said. She walked out of the room.  When she reached the hallway, she ran back to the cellar, not caring about waking up the Meyers or anyone else.  It didn’t matter now that she knew she would have to go through terrible pain and die near the end.  All just to give the Meyers’ what they wanted.
She threw herself down on the cold concrete floor and cried for hours.


Chapter 6--October 1


Over the next nine weeks, Franz became acquainted with his duties.  On his first day Herr Meyer took him on the tour of the enormous plant, which was built fifty years before by Frau Meyer’s great-grandfather.  It tripled in size since Heinrich Meyer obtained it twenty-five years ago, dwarfing the crumbling buildings around it.  Franz was dressed in his finest suit, like Herr Meyer, but he envied the workers who were allowed to wear thin undershirts and work trousers.  The molten steel and large ovens sent the temperatures soaring to a hundred and twenty degrees.  Like his underlings, Franz’s clothes and hair were plastered to him and he was too uncomfortable to pay full attention to his employer.  In contrast, Heinrich Meyer hardly perspired.  The drone of the industrial fans annoyed him more.  Franz was introduced to the men that coped with this environment ten hours every day except on Sundays.  Even the youngest, who was the same age as Franz, seemed older.  Their hard lives showed on their lined faces and tired expressions.  Conditions were actually worse than at the Hamburg plant, where the work was just as strenuous, but the hours were shorter. There were also frequent rest breaks outside.  This was because the workers were friends of his father, who ran the plant with no interference.  Franz could tell the workers here were very unhappy.
On the second day, he found himself in a shabby office with no windows and only a small desk fan to keep the temperature from reaching a hundred degrees.  What he did for eight hours involved tedious paperwork, typing, or running errands for Herr Meyer. He was nothing but an overpaid secretary.  He had no part in the decisions or supervising.  I should have known...he thought throughout the day, I will never be anyone important.
Though his work was not physically challenging, it left him feeling as exhausted as the other workers.  When he arrived at the Meyers home every evening, he would bathe and then fall asleep for the night.  He had no room in his life for the things he enjoyed, like reading good books and writing.   One of his biggest concerns was Caitlin though.  He hadn’t spoken to her since that night she revealed to him Frau Meyer’s condition. She had acted very odd, and he was afraid he aggravated her mental instability by saying things she wasn’t ready to hear.  What worried him more was he had not seen her since that night, and no one mentioned her whereabouts.  He inquired about her when Ada bought dinner to him, and she simply shrugged.  He was afraid Caitlin was sent back to Bellingham.  He wished he had some way of knowing the truth, but he did not want to seem intrusive to Herr Meyer by asking a personal and probably trivial question.  He was also puzzled Herr Meyer had not told anyone about the child he and his wife expected.  Franz supposed they were troubled in that area, and didn’t want to reveal the good news too soon.  Besides, that wasn’t his business to know anyway.
Autumn crept up on London.  It became colder, foggier, and it rained nearly every day.  Franz woke up in the middle of an October night shivering.  When he turned on the light, he discovered the window had flown open.  The wind was howling and the rain was pouring outside in sheets. Enough was coming inside his room to dampen the carpet and the top of the writing table.  He jumped up, put on his glasses, and closed the window, securing the latch tight.  He looked about for something to dry the damp writing table off, and saw two embroidered handkerchiefs lying on the top of his wardrobe.  They were not his, and the Meyers would not be happy when they discovered what he used them for, but two dirty handkerchiefs were not as bad as a piece of furniture warped and stained by water.  
When he finished he realized he had an unusual opportunity.  He could go downstairs to the servants’ quarters and find out if Caitlin was still living at the Meyers or not.  He did not know where she slept, and it was going to be a difficult task that would involve opening doors and peering in rooms when he had no right to do so.  But Franz was very good at being quiet, and he didn’t think he would disturb anyone.
He put a housecoat over his sleeping clothes, and journeyed downstairs into the servants’ quarters. The doors to their rooms were shut, and he heard nothing except whimpering emanating from the cellar door.
He was reluctant to go down there, not knowing what creature was making that sound.  He didn’t like the odor and the oppressive atmosphere all cellars possessed.  He thought the whimpering was a trapped cat, but as he listened to the sound more closely, it began to resemble a human cry.  
He debated for several minutes whether it was a wise decision to go down to the cellar.  Despite his misgivings, his curiosity won out.  The door was slightly ajar and didn’t make a sound as Franz pulled it open.  Carefully, he stepped down.  The sound was originating from the corner behind him, near where the coal stove would be.
The whimpering ceased and Franz tensed up.  He looked into the darkness, but he couldn’t see anything.
The person shifted their weight on the concrete floor.  
“Hello?” Franz called out.
 “Hello,” a subdued voice responded. “What are you doing here?  You should be getting your sleep.”
“Caitlin?”
“Yeah, it’s me.”
“What are you doing here?  Shouldn’t you be in your bedroom?”
“I ain’t got no bedroom,” she said sadly.
“What do you mean by that?”
“I sleep here every night, when I used to sleep, that is.”
“You must be joking.”
“No, I ain’t joking.  They put me here because there ain’t no room for me upstairs.”
“That’s not true. Herr Meyer told me there were two empty bedrooms in the servants’ quarters.”
Caitlin sighed.  “Believe who you want.  I’m just telling you that this is where I have to sleep.”
Franz stepped down the last stair, and felt the cold concrete floor beneath his feet.  He should have worn his slippers.  
“You should go upstairs,” Caitlin said.  Her voice trembled. “You’ll get in trouble if anyone finds you’re here.”
“I will, but first I want to know why I haven’t seen you for two months.  Have you been down here since then?”
Caitlin didn’t reply.
“I’ve been worried about you. I know I was rather insensitive the night I last saw you, and I was afraid that the things I said hurt you in some way.”
 “No, you didn’t hurt me,” Caitlin replied bitterly. “I was already hurt.”
“I’m sorry. Is there anything I can do for you that would help?”
“Yeah,” she sobbed, “just go away.”
“Does that mean you don’t like me?” Franz said. He grew alarmed at Caitlin’s despondent state.
“I hate you,” she replied with a strangled cry. “I hate everybody.”
“Before I go,” Franz uttered carefully, “may I bring you upstairs first for a moment?  I want to examine you, to see if you’re all right.”
“You can’t.”
“Why not? I promise if anyone discovers us, I’ll explain it to them, so you won’t be punished.”
“I can’t go upstairs.  Mr. Meyer told me to stay here no matter what.”
“I don’t understand-”
“There ain’t nothing to understand.  It’s just the way it is.  Now, please go away.”
“Not until you come upstairs with me.”
Caitlin cried harder.  “I can’t!”
“Don’t worry. I assure you that you won’t get into trouble, and it will be as quick as possible.  Come here toward me.”
“I can’t walk,” she whimpered. “I get too dizzy.”
Franz felt his way through the darkness until he felt the heat of the coal stove.  There, he leaned down and his hands groped until he felt Caitlin’s fine hair tickling his palms.  He touched her face, which was cold and moist.  He wiped the tears away with his fingers.  With one quick motion, he put one arm underneath her back and another under her legs and lifted her up.  He knew she was small, but he was shocked it took him no effort to carry her.  She felt like a bundle of sticks rather than a person.
“Have you been eating properly?” he asked her before he entered the dining room.
“No.”
“You should. It feels like you’ve lost a considerable amount of weight.  You’ll starve to death if you don’t start eating more.”
“I can’t.”
In the dining room he cradled her in one arm as he turned on one of the lights.  He blinked as the room brightened, and once he adjusted to it, he looked down upon the girl he carried, and was shocked to see that she was not the Caitlin he remembered.
Her golden hair was thin and lifeless.  Her eyes were bloodshot and swollen from crying, and her skin was sallow.  Her stomach was bloated, overwhelming her body.  That told him she hadn’t eaten in days, and would die if she didn’t get some food.
He ran into the kitchen, and grabbed a pitcher of milk from the icebox.  He poured it into a glass, and held it to her lips.  She drank it slowly.  When she could not drink any more, he searched the cupboards for food that would not require any preparation.  He found a canister full of biscuits and gave one to her.  She took three bites.  
“You have to eat more,” he pleaded with her, holding the biscuit to her mouth.
She shook her head.
“Ain’t no use in saving me. I’m gonna die soon anyhow.”
“You won’t if you try eating again.”
 “You don’t understand. I don’t have no reason to live.  Ain’t gonna amount to nothing ever.  The best thing you can do for me is bring me back to the cellar and forget you met me.  I can’t bring you nothing but trouble.”
“I don’t believe that.”
She sighed and made a pained expression. 
“Do you know why my belly is as big as it is?”
“It’s because of fluid building up in your body.”
She shook her head.  “No, it ain’t that.  Remember when I told you that Mrs. Meyer was having a baby?  Well, I lied.”
“You did?  Why?”
“Because I had to.  You see, I was really talking about me.”
“Are you saying that you’re-”
“Yeah.  I got one purpose in life, and that’s to give Mr. and Mrs. Meyer the son they’ve been wanting.  Other than that I’m as worthless as a piece of meat.  After they get what they want, they’re going throw me back into the gutter that I came from.  I bet you don’t want to save me now, do you, Mr. Warholm?”    


Chapter 7


He hadn’t cried in a long time.  Not since his father told him he had killed his own mother by being born.  He hadn’t cried for Berta, though losing her hurt him greatly.  He was crying tonight, though, because she was right.  Nothing could be done for Caitlin.  She was very weak. He doubted she had much longer to live.  If she didn’t die before her child was born, the delivery would kill her.  He didn’t think the Meyers would bother fetching a midwife when the time came, seeing how they had neglected her so far.
She was as cold as the inside of the icebox, and he held her close to try to warm her up.  As he did that, she told him her story.
“I was born across the river. My father worked in Mr. Meyer’s steel mill, while my mum stayed at home and took care of me.  She was only fifteen when she had me and my dad wasn’t much older, about seventeen.  I don’t remember the fire at all, and I don’t know what started it, but I was told that it was set by my dad because he thought my mum was going to leave him.  I ended up in a convent after that, and most of those nuns, they were nice and all, but the head nun, well...she could be a mean old thing sometimes.  Beat my hands with a stick because I couldn’t learn nothing.  They finally gave up teaching me anything, and put me to work taking care of the babies and doing a whole lot of odd jobs.  One day when I was nine years old, they sent me out to gather up all the eggs the chickens laid that day.  Well, I did that, but when I started walking back I tripped on a rock and all the eggs fell out of the basket I was carrying.  When I got up I saw all those eggs were broken.  I didn’t know what to do so I stayed put until one of the nuns came out looking for me.  They weren’t very happy with me at all because I had ruined everyone’s breakfast.  That head nun gave me a beating I ain’t ever going to forget. The next day these men came for me, and bought me to hospital.  A special hospital for madmen.  I don’t know why they sent me there because I ain’t mad.  They locked me up in this place that had lots of other girls like me, and nothing to do all day.  It ain’t a surprise to me why they were all insane-like, they hadn’t anything else to do.  I tried to talk to some of them, but they either wouldn’t talk back or else they say things that didn’t make no sense.  A lot of them were always trying to hurt themselves and I spent most of my days trying to make them stop.  It was hard staying there so I pretended that I was a helper like the people in the white uniforms.  All the other helpers started liking me. They let me go outside once in a while and never gave me any needles like they did to the other girls.  I was there about a year when the doctor came in and told me I was going to getting out of hospital and staying with a family.  I was excited because I never knew what it was like to have a family before.  I wish I could go back to that hospital.  Least I know I ain’t going to die there.”
She sighed and continued.
“At first, I didn’t mind sleeping in the cellar.  I slept on the floor at hospital.  I didn’t mind helping with the chores either.  I was real friendly to everyone in the beginning, because I wanted them to like me.  I thought Mrs. Meyer was going to be my mum and Miss Angèle my sister.  I imagined we were going to do fun things, go on picnics, try on pretty dresses and fix up our hair, but that ain’t what happened.  Mrs. Meyer told me that I was not their family, only their helper, and I had to do everything the other helpers did.  But Mr. Meyer was treating me good then.  He called me his little darling and I could sit in his lap and hold him, even in front of Mrs. Meyer and Angèle.  He would go to the cellar every night and give me hugs and kisses.  He told me that he loved me more than anyone else in the world, even more than Mrs. Meyer.  I believed him and all, but one day he changed.  He started making me do things I didn’t like, and when I said something, he would hit me.  That’s when I knew he was a liar.  It got worse and worse.  He stopped hugging and kissing and only hurt me.  I stopped my bleeding and got real sick-like in the mornings.  I told him all about it, and he’s was all cheerful.  When I asked about it, he told me I was having a son for him and Mrs. Meyer.  He needed a boy so as to give the company to when he dies.  He didn’t want it to go to no one who didn’t carry his name.  Mrs. Meyer couldn’t make no babies after Angèle so they used me to do the job.”
She started to cry after she finished speaking, and Franz did his best to comfort her.  He could feel her pain and the tears blurred his vision.
“You look like my mother,” he whispered.
She cried harder, until his housecoat was drenched in one spot, and she lay exhausted in his arms.
“Take me back to the cellar,” she gasped.
He carried her back there and laid her carefully next to the coal stove.  He put a biscuit in her hands. 
“Try to eat the rest of this.” He took off his housecoat, and wrapped it around her.
 “Keep as warm as you can,” he advised her. “I usually take supper in my room rather late now, so I think I’ll be able to get some food to you at night.  Hopefully, you’ll gain some weight back in the next couple of months.”
“Don’t do this, Franz.”
“I have to,” he replied before he left her.
He fell asleep knowing a perverted and cruel man employed him.  When he woke up, his pillow was damp and smelled salty.   He felt unnerved by a disturbing dream he had about Herr Meyer killing his mother.  He was afraid to venture downstairs and face the people he knew were demons, but he forced himself to do it.  He dressed in his usual tailored suit, and joined the Meyers at their dining room table.
Unlike most mornings, the servants were courteous and cheerful, and breakfast was served promptly.  Herr and Frau Meyer were smiling.  The only one who looked less than happy was Angèle, who sulked as she toyed with the utensils.  Usually she attached herself to Franz as soon as he entered the room, but today she ignored him.
“Guten Morgen, Herr Warholm,” Heinrich Meyer said. He sounded relaxed and peaceful. “It’s such a lovely day, isn’t it?”
“I didn’t notice, sir,” Franz replied, as he sat down, “but I suppose it is.”
Frau Meyer looked as if she was bursting with excitement.
“May I tell him the good news, Henry?”
“Of course you can.”
“Well...I...I mean, Henry and I...are adding a new member to our family.”
“Oh, that’s wonderful,” Franz replied, attempting to sound happy.
“He...or she...will be here next February.”
 “Congratulations,” Franz said. He forced a grin on his face. “I am very glad to hear this.”
He looked over at Angèle.  Her eyes darkened and her frown deepened as her focus shifted to her mother.
“Oh, we are, too.  We didn’t want to tell anyone until we knew for certain.  We have tried so many times in the past, but every time we suspected, it turned out to be false.”
“Just like this time,” Angèle replied. “Don’t you think you’re getting a little old for this rubbish, Mother?”
“Don’t you dare talk to your mother like that, Angelika!” her father shouted. “She is in a very delicate condition.  I want you to apologize to her right now.”
“I’m not apologizing,” Angèle replied tartly. “You know what I’m saying is the truth.  Every year she pretends that she’s expecting a baby, when everyone knows she’s completely frigid.  I’m getting so sick of this.  Why don’t you face reality?  You’re never going to have a son you want.  You’re just stuck with me.”
Frau Meyer began sobbing, while Heinrich Meyer’s face turned bright crimson.
“Go upstairs,” he growled. “If I see you once more today, I’ll beat the living daylights out of you. Now, get out!”
Angèle stood up, and strode out of the dining room in a huff.  Victoria Meyer put her head in her hands and cried.  Her husband tried to comfort her, but to no avail. 
“I’m terribly sorry for Angèle’s behavior,” he said. “We’ve all had a difficult time with this.  We went to all kinds of doctors for years, but there was nothing they could do.  Now that this has happened, well, I’m afraid our daughter has gotten a little jealous.”
 “That’s understandable,” Franz replied. “I suppose she’s not used to having the limelight shift away from her.”
“Not at all,” Herr Meyer said. “She has always been the center of our attention. She thinks that if we have a son, it will be taken away from her.”
“Why does she always hurt me?” Victoria Meyer cried. “I have tried to be a good mother.  Don’t you think so, Henry?”
“Of course, darling,” he replied, patting her shoulder.
“I know this may sound very trivial, and it is probably a bad time to bring it up,” Franz said, “but I was wondering, whatever happened to the servant named Caitlin?”
Frau Meyer cried even more.  
“Oh, I’m terribly sorry,” Franz said. “I didn’t mean to upset you.”
“Don’t worry,” Herr Meyer replied. “I’m to blame for being so careless.  You see, Caitlin, well, she woke up in the middle of the night a few weeks ago, and for some reason we’ll never know, she went into our cellar.  While she was down there, she must have found a rope and made a noose, for we found her early the next morning, before any of the servants awoke.  She was hanging from one of the pipes.  We didn’t want to disturb anyone, so we decided it was best that I bring her body out into the garden and bury it.  I blame myself for keeping the cellar unlocked.”
“It wasn’t your fault,” Franz said. “It was a terrible accident.” 
Heinrich Meyer sighed. “I wish that was so.”
None of them talked after that.  Victoria Meyer ceased crying, and they ate breakfast joylessly.  When they were done, they arose and walked toward the foyer, where Herr Meyer kissed his wife good-bye, and walked out the door with Franz beside him.  The day was beautiful but Franz did not notice it as his employer drove them to work.  All he could think about was Caitlin.  No matter what he did, she was as good as dead.


Chapter 8--December 3


Winter settled on the city by early December. A thin layer of snow covered everything.  Until then, Franz shared his supper with Caitlin.  It was served to him at eight thirty, usually by Ada.  He ate half of it. At eleven, he went into the cellar and gave Caitlin the other half.  He stayed with her until she was finished.  She ate much more than she did a few months before, but she was nowhere near her normal weight.  That worried him.  Sometimes he brought other things for her.  The day after he discovered her condition, he let her have his bedroom slippers. She had several pairs of his socks, a blanket from his bed, and his winter gloves.  He could tell she was much happier. When he walked down the cellar stairs with a lantern in his hand, he could see her face glow and her eyes brighten.  He was happier too. The only thing he had to look forward to was being with her.  Otherwise, his life was drab, boring and depressing.  Because of his work schedule, he hadn’t written anything in months.  He felt lost without it.  The thought of ending his life became an increasingly appealing solution to the vague but overwhelming pain.  If it weren’t for Caitlin, he would have done it already.
“What’s the special for today?” she asked, as he approached her.
“Salmon with baby peas and a jacket potato.” He put the plate and a glass of milk in front of her. “I heated it up in the oven, because I didn’t think cold fish appealed to you.”
“I don’t care what it is...cold, hot...as long as it’s food.”
“I see your appetite is returning.”
 “Oh, is it!  I was starving all day.  All I could think of was you bringing me something to eat.”
She took a bite of the salmon.
“Umm...” she said, “these meals are getting deliciouser all the time.”
“I have a few things to discuss with you,” Franz stated.
“You go right ahead,” she said as she chewed her food.
“Lately I’ve been trying to think about a way to get you out of here.”
“It ain’t gonna happen, Franz.”
“I think it’s imperative that you leave here…so you can be in a safer place.”
“Mr. Meyer will kill you when he finds out, and he will find out.” 
“I don’t think so. I’ve come to believe he respects me too much to confront me directly.”
“He will if you push him long enough, and it ain’t going to be pretty.  I’m happy enough staying here.  I’ll give them what they want, and be on my merry way.”
“I’m afraid that you’re not.  I didn’t want to tell you this before, but I’m certain that they’re going to kill you after the child is born.”
Caitlin sighed.  Her forlorn expression told him she was anything but surprised.
“I knew it,” she said. “I didn’t think Mr. Meyer would let me go that easy.  Doesn’t want me start causing trouble, like his driver did.  Poor fellow...just said the wrong thing, and now he ain’t ever talking again.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“He’s dead.”
“Herr Meyer killed him?”
 “Yeah, with his bare hands, too.  I saw it all.  He told the fellow’s family that he hadn’t seen him in weeks.  His poor wife and all his little babies still don’t know where he is.”
“You have to be joking.”
“No, I ain’t.  Not the first person he’s killed either.  He got rid of the butler and a few maids the same way.”
“How could he get away with that?  Hasn’t anyone suspected him of doing those things?”
“The police were asking him all sorts of questions after one of the maids died, but they never did anything else.  Suppose they think rich people don’t do those sorts of things.”
“Does anyone else know about this?”
“Oh, yeah, everyone except Mrs. Meyer.  She’s been out every time he killed.  I think Miss Angèle knows, too, but I ain’t sure.”
“How can they pretend nothing is wrong, and not go to the police?”
“Because they don’t want to die, and the police ain’t going do nothing anyhow.”
“I’m going to get you out of here as soon as I possibly can. I won’t let him hurt you.”
“Don’t be stupid.  You ain’t going to get away with it.  Better that we leave things the way they are.  Then, it’ll be me in the garden or the rubbish bin instead of both of us.”
“He’s not going to kill you.” 
“Don’t be no hero, Franz.  It ain’t worth saving me.  I can’t do much.  You been to school and all and you shouldn’t waste the hard work.”
“I’m nothing if you’re not here, Cait.” He grabbed her arm. “You’re the reason why I’m still living.  You’re the only person who doesn’t consider me expendable.  If you die, I will die, too.  There’s a chance that we can be saved, and I’m going to take it.  If we don’t make it, at least we will know that we tried.  It’s better than the alternative.”
She glanced at him wearily.
“All right. You want to save me, you can.  We ain’t ever going to make it, though.”
“We can try.  I’ve worked out the scheme, but I still have to make the final arrangements.  On my lunch hour I eat at a pub near the factory.  I’ve discovered that the owner has rooms upstairs that are for let.  I’ve inquired about them and found that they are clean and very inexpensive.  What I’ll do is reserve a room under an assumed name, then I’ll take you there later that night.  You’ll stay there until my aunt arrives.  By then, I should have the papers that will take you safely back to Germany with her.  She’s trained as a midwife, and I’ll know she’ll do everything she can to help you deliver the child.  Herr Meyer will never find you.”
“It sounds awfully contemplated.”
“Complicated, you mean?”
“Yeah, that’s it.”
“Well, I don’t think it’ll be as difficult as it seems.”
“How are you going to explain this to Mr. Meyer?  I think he’ll be noticing that I’m gone.”
“I won’t have to.  He told me that you had died.  He’s not going to ask me any questions concerning your whereabouts, unless he admits that he lied to me, and he won’t do that, because it will make him look like a fool.”
“You’re a right smart fellow.  I hope your plan works, for your sake, that is.  Don’t want anything bad to happen to you.”
He took her small hand and squeezed it gently.
“I promise nothing bad will happen to me.”
Caitlin took the last bite of the potato.  For the first time, her plate was completely empty.
“You did very well today,” Franz said.
“Why, thank you. Can’t say I didn’t enjoy it.  I was wondering, is it snowing outside?”
“I think it is.  There was an inch on the ground when I left work, and I heard that there might be more tomorrow.”
“Oh, I love snow!  It’s so fluffy white and lovely to look at.  Can you take me outside to see it?”
“Of course,” Franz replied.
He put his arms under her shoulders and lifted her up.  He could tell that she had regained some of her strength back for she was able to stand up without needing as much support from him.  He helped her up the stairs, into the dining room and kitchen, until they reached the back garden.  The night was cloudy, very calm and silent.  Snow blanketed the ground, and the trees were decorated with icicles.  Large, wide snowflakes were fluttering gently into the garden from up above.
“Oh...this is so beautiful!” Caitlin exclaimed, her eyes filled with child-like delight. “I love winter!  It’s the best time in the world, don’t you think?”
Franz nodded.  Winter had the opposite effect on him.  He usually thought about all the life coming to an end, and the bitter and miserable cold.  
Caitlin walked with difficulty, holding her hands on her back in order to keep her balance.  She looked up at the flakes floating down in front of her, and the clouds of her breath rising up into the night.  Franz realized what that strange sensation he had been feeling for the past four months was.   He was in love.
“I can’t wait until Christmas,” she said, breaking his train of thought. “I love putting up the pretty decorations in the house, and on the big tree they get every year.  I like smelling the pine from the tree, and the turkey and such in the oven.  The Meyer’s have more food on Christmas than they do all year, and the presents...they are all wrapped fancy-like, and usually reach halfway up to the ceiling.  They’re mostly for Miss Angèle, but I suppose you’ll be getting some presents too this year.”
“What do you get?” he asked.
“Cook buys oranges and apples and gives them to all the helpers.  He gives me some fancy chocolates in a box, too, because he likes me especially.”
“What would you like me to give you this year?”
“Oh, you don’t have to give me nothing.”
“But I want to.  Is there anything special that you would like?”
Caitlin paused, and turned to him.
“Yeah, there is one thing you could give me.”
“What is it?”
She walked back, and looked up at him solemnly.
“I’d like you to kiss me and tell me that you love me.  You don’t have to mean it.  In case I don’t make it, I’d like to know there was at least one good moment in my life.”
He put his arms around her and lowered his head until his lips touched hers.  They felt as soft as rose petals, and he couldn’t help but hold her closer to him.  He could feel her shiver uncontrollably, and heard a cry rise from her throat.
For a long while, he stroked her hair, and wiped the tears that ran silently down her cheeks.
“I love you,” he whispered, “and I mean it.”
“We better go back inside,” Caitlin said, pulling away from him. “It’s getting late.”


Chapter 9--December 10


Caitlin sat in the cellar, waiting anxiously for Franz.  She never had such an opportunity or such an enormous risk.  She would either be free from the Meyers’ grasp forever or else dead.  Franz was right. It was better to do it and have a small chance of succeeding than not to, but there were many things he did not know.
The day after Franz discovered her in the cellar, Mr. Meyer came to see her, something he hadn’t done in weeks. She did not have time to hide the housecoat or the biscuit she was given.  
When she saw her employer’s cold, hard stare, she knew she would not go unpunished.  He said nothing for a few minutes. Then without warning, he grabbed her by her arm and pulled her up until his face was only inches from hers.  
“Please...Mr. Meyer...let me down. I’m sorry...please-”
“Who was down here?”
“Ohh...I don’t know...”
“Who was it? If you want to save your scalp and all of your limbs, you tell me right now.”
“It...It was Franz. He was wandering around last night and he found me.  I told him to go away, but he wouldn’t.  He gave me this housecoat and that biscuit.  I didn’t ask for them, either.”
He threw her down.
“I should kill you. For now, though, I’ll let you live.  Tell me everything he said to you.”
“Oh well...” Caitlin replied, as she strained to remember. “He asked why I was down here, and I told him there was not enough room upstairs.  He didn’t believe me, though.  He wanted to know why he hadn’t seen me for so long, and I didn’t know what to say so I told him the truth.”
His eyes narrowed and Caitlin was certain he was going to beat her to a bloody pulp for revealing that secret, but he didn’t.
“Go on.”
“He wouldn’t go away unless he saw me in the light, so I let him bring me upstairs.  He said I needed to eat more, and gave me a glass of milk and the biscuit.  He brought me back, and gave me his housecoat. That was it.”
“Really? So he takes pity on a little wench like you.  I suppose he enjoys used goods.”
“He didn’t do nothing like that to me.”
“Oh, he will, though. If he’s smart enough to take advantage of you, that is.  Lord knows it’s the only thing you’re good for.”
He laughed at her.  She looked away from him, and restrained the tears that watered in her eyes.
“Someday...” she whispered.
“Someday what? Don’t you know there is no someday for you?  You’re mentally ill, idiotic, and female.  You don’t have a chance in hell outside my home.”
She said nothing.  There was no use arguing with Mr. Meyer.  He had all the power.
“I suppose if Franz Warholm wants to be your savior, well, I’ll let him be, but I want to know absolutely everything he tells you.  If I were you, I wouldn’t think about making any little escape attempts, because I will find out and when I do, there won’t be any more food, clothes or Herr Warholm.”
“I’m not going to leave.”
“Good,” he replied. He turned and walked away from her.
“Ahh...Mr. Meyer...uhh...I was wondering...what is going to happen to me when the baby comes?  Am I going out on the street?”
He turned back and eyed her disdainfully.
“That’s my business,” he said, and left the cellar.
 She shifted her weight, trying to get comfortable and not think about that particular night, but comfort and other thoughts were nowhere to be found.  Her back ached and her stomach was swollen.  It was very hard for her to manage carrying that extra weight in one spot.  The floor and the chill weren’t helping either.  She wished it was over, that she would wake up suddenly and have the body and life she used to possess.
The cellar door creaked open. Franz appeared.  He was fully dressed, with a pair of crisp trousers, tailored vest, starched white shirt and heavy overcoat.  The only thing he was missing was a tie.  She thought he looked especially handsome.  The lantern illuminated his pale skin, and she could see his soulful brown eyes were sparkling with excitement.  His dark hair was combed neatly back, with the exception of that one stray lock which always wanted to lay on his forehead. He was carrying a light brown wool coat and a pair of lace-up boots in his left hand.
“Are you ready?” he asked.
 “I’ve been for hours.”
“I bought a few things for you.” He lifted up the coat and boots.  “Since we’re going to be walking, I’d thought you’d need them.”
She stood up, and walked over to him.  He assisted her in putting them on.
“I can’t wait to leave,” she said.
The tension was unbearable.  She had never been more scared of her employer than she had at that moment.  Please let him be asleep, she prayed, I don’t want Franz to get hurt.
They left the Meyer’s home via the front door.  Franz carried Caitlin down the street, so she wouldn’t leave telltale tracks in the deepening snow.  It was cold and windy. The snow fell rapidly.  Franz hoped enough would fall to cover his own tracks by morning.  
He put her down when they reached the corner of the street.
“Do you think you’ll be able to walk?” he asked. “It is quite a long way.”
The wind howled fiercely, throwing Caitlin’s hair in all directions.
“I won’t have a problem.”
It took them thirty-five minutes to reach the pub.  By then, they were covered with snow and shivering, both of their faces reddened and their hair tousled by the high winds.  The warm glow inside the pub’s windows beckoned them on.
When they entered, the place was empty.  The bartender stood alone in a red striped shirt, black bow tie, and apron. He smiled warmly and walked over to greet them.
“Weather a bit nasty, ain’t it?” he said.
“Yes, I would say so,” Franz replied, stomping his shoes on the mat.
“I suppose this is the little lady,” the bartender replied. He turned to Caitlin.
“Yeah, that’s me,” she replied modestly.
 “I see you got yourself a bun in the oven,” he said, pointing at her protruding stomach.
“I can’t wait to it be all baked either,” she said. “Walking like a duck all the time is getting to be a lot of trouble.”
The bartender laughed.
“Your wife has quite a personality,” he said to Franz.
“Oh yes,” Franz replied. “She can be interesting indeed.”
“Do you want anything to drink?” the bartender asked them.
“Can you make me a hot chocolate?” Caitlin asked. “The kind with the whipped cream on top of it?”
“Of course,” The bartender replied, then turned to Franz. “Anything for you, sir?”
“No thank you,” Franz replied.
Within a few minutes, Caitlin was sipping hot chocolate out of a very large mug.
“This is the bestest drink I ever had,” she told the bartender. “I ain’t ever tasted something as good as this before.”
“Well, it isn’t very popular in this place, but it is known that I make the best hot chocolate in town.”
“I see you don’t have many customers tonight,” Franz remarked.
“Yeah, all my patrons have decided it best to stay home instead of going out in the storm. I wanted to be open anyhow, in case there’s any people who happen to be passing through town, like you two are.”
The three of them chatted for a few more minutes.  Then, the bartender directed them to a stairwell in the far back of the pub that led to the rooms.  Franz unlocked the second door to the left and they went inside.  
The room was small, plain, but very neat.  To anyone else, it would be spartan, but Caitlin considered it to be luxurious.  The walls were whitewashed white, and a small window framed by lace curtains revealed the snowy street below. A single bed with fluffed up pillows and a yellow down comforter was directly across from it. On the bed lay a black hard sided suitcase.
“Someone left their bag behind,” Caitlin said.
“That is yours.”
“What?”
“I bought you that suitcase today.  I assumed you’re going to need it since you’re going to be doing some traveling.  Inside there is just about everything I think you might need.  Hopefully, I haven’t forgotten to include anything important.”
Caitlin was speechless.  She walked over to the suitcase, and touched it as if it were the most precious object in the world.
“I ain’t ever had new things before,” she said quietly. “I can’t believe you got that for me.”
“It’s not a problem. The coat and boots are yours, too.”
“They are?”
“They’re new, too.”
“Ohh...” she sighed, caressing her coat, “they’re so wonderful.  I promise I’ll take real good care of them, Franz.  You won’t be wasting your money.”
“I know I’m not.” He helped her remove her coat and placed it on the metal hook beside the door.
“I suppose I should leave,” he said. “It’s getting late, and we both need our sleep.”
 “Don’t go yet,” Caitlin cried. “I want to talk to you.”
“All right, but I can’t stay much longer.”
Caitlin opened up the suitcase and her eyes widened as they settled upon the clothes inside.  She never dreamed one day she would own more than one dress, and fancy ones at that, too.  She took them out and spread them out on the bed.  
“They’re beautiful,” she said. “Look at the lacy sleeves and all those buttons.  It looks like something Mrs. Meyer would wear.”
“I’m afraid I don’t have much of eye for fashion.  I tried to buy things that I thought you might like.”
“Like?  I love them.  Oh, thank you so much, Franz.  This means a real lot to me.”
“You’re welcome,” he replied, smiling nervously. “There’s a few more items in the suitcase that you may be interested in, if you want to look.”
Caitlin dug into the luggage once again, and gasped as she pulled out a bottle of perfume.
“This is the same one that Miss Angèle’s got,” she said.
“I remember the story you told me about being punished for trying on her perfume. I thought it was only right to get you a bottle of your own.”
She sprayed some on her wrist, and she smelled the same pleasant scent of lilacs that she remembered from three years before.  
“You ain’t got more for me, do ya? I don’t want to make you penniless.”
“You don’t have to worry about that. Yes, there is more for you.”
She pulled out a bar of soap with the same scent as the perfume and a small canister of talcum powder. She discovered that he also bought her some make-up, a pearl necklace with matching bracelet, silver handled brush and an umbrella.
“This is too much,” she said, overwhelmed by all her presents. ”I ain’t gonna know what to do with all this stuff.”
“You’ll get used to it. This is just the necessities.”
“I don’t think I ever will.  I’ve always had nothing.  I don’t deserve all these things, because I didn’t work for them.”
“You did work for them and you deserve them.”
“I can’t ever repay you, you know.”
“You already did, Cait.  For the first time in my life you’ve made me feel alive.  That’s more than anyone else has ever done.”
She wrapped his arms around him.
“I’m going to miss you.”
“I will miss you too,” Franz replied, stroking her hair. “We will see each other again.  Perhaps not anytime soon, but eventually.”
“Thank you for loving me.”
“I was going to say the same.”
Franz kissed her on the forehead.
“I wish you good luck, Caitlin.”
“I think you’re gonna need it more than me.  I’ll pray every night that you won’t get hurt.”
 “I won’t.  I promise.”
“Good-bye, Franz.”
He kissed her once more, this time on the lips.
“Get a good night’s sleep,” he advised her, “and don’t worry about me.”
“I’ll try not to.”
He left, and once more she was alone.  She tried to be strong, and went about the tasks of preparing for bed.  She felt like a princess having so many clothes to wear, including a nightgown. She thought she was in heaven.  It had been years since she slept in a bed, and never one as comfortable as this.  She settled down into it, and put the blankets over her head.  She felt as warm and safe as a newborn next to its mother.
She was still frightened for Franz, though.  He was returning to the Meyer’s and had to face all their fury when they discovered she was gone.  The wind moaned outside.  Her heart ached for him, and it took a long time to fall asleep, but eventually she did.
She dreamed of a world where there was nothing to run away from, and she and Franz could live in peace.  


Chapter 10--December 17


A week had passed since he saw Caitlin. Although Herr Meyer did not mention her, he had been in a foul mood all week, grumbling to himself, yelling at the servants, and not speaking to Franz.  Mrs. Meyer had taken ill, and hadn’t left her bedroom since the day after the disappearance.  The only one who made him feel at ease was Angèle, whose happiness doubled after Caitlin left.  She was less aggressive, but still as attentive, listening to every word he said, complementing him at every opportunity, and patting him on the arm or shoulder, or nudging his leg with her shoe.  She was oblivious to her parents’ wretched states.  
“I wish you didn’t have to work today,” she purred as she stretched out on the living room sofa, “I wanted to spend some time with you.  I’m so busy preparing for my birthday, I feel like I don’t have my own life.  Can’t you take a day off?”
“I’m afraid not,” he replied.  He looked at Herr Mayer, who was putting his coat on in the foyer, and saw his face darken. “I don’t think your father would approve.”
“Daddy...” she pleaded, “can Franz stay home with me for just this one day?  With Mother upstairs pretending she’s sick, I’m all alone.”
“No,” her father replied through gritted teeth.
“Please...” 
“I said no.”
“It’s better that you not argue with your father, Miss Angèle. I have my duties to fulfill at the company.  It wouldn’t be right if I take the day off without notice.”
Angèle sulked.
“Maybe when I return from work we can plan something for the evening,” he suggested.
“I would take you on a visit to my friends, but this weather’s so miserable. We’ll have to think of something we can do here.  Hmmm...do you enjoy chess, Mr. Warholm?”
“You know the game?”
“Of course. I do like all the strategy that goes into it.  One has to have a certain amount of...how can I say it...deviousness...in order to play.”
“Well, I haven’t played in quite a while.”
“That’s what we’ll do then. After you return from work, we’ll play chess upstairs in the drawing room.  I’ll have the fire lit, so it’ll be cozy and warm, and we can share some tea and biscuits.”
“It sounds lovely. I must say that I’m looking forward to it.”
“So am I,” she said, her face braking out in a smile.
His workday was tedious, uncomfortable, and unpleasant.  Though it was winter, his office hovered around ninety degrees.  He wished for a large window like the one Herr Meyer had.  Any breeze would dissipate some of the heat, but he wasn’t about to make any demands.  He wanted to leave the factory, walk over to the pub to see Caitlin again, but he couldn’t do that.  He didn’t know if anyone was spying upon him, so Franz was careful not to say or do anything out of the ordinary.
When their day was finished, Heinrich Meyer appeared to be in better spirits.  He was more talkative as he drove home.  He even bestowed a few compliments on Franz, saying he was impressed with his work so far, and wanted to give him some duties that befit Franz’s position.  Franz took that as a good sign.  He was ruled out as an accomplice.
Feeling more at ease, Franz went upstairs to the drawing room as soon as he arrived home. Angèle was waiting for him, perched gracefully on a white settee.  The chessboard was set up on a small table, the ebony pieces next to Angèle, and the ivory pieces closer to Franz.  Behind the sofa, a fire crackled and sputtered in the marble fireplace.  Angèle herself was the picture of beauty.  Donned in a red satin evening dress that fit her like a glove, her hair flowed in dark waves all the way down to her waist, her drop diamond earrings sparkled, and her large eyes focused on Franz with an intense blue gaze.
Seeing her took Franz’s breath away.  His posture straightened and he held his hands tightly in front of him.
“Oh...Miss Angèle...you look...so beautiful this evening.”
She smiled slightly. 
“Thank you, Mr. Warholm. I wore this just for you.  I am so happy that you’re impressed by it.”
“I am.”
“This is a very special day.  I forgot to tell you this morning, but I have a gift for you.”
“A gift? Uh...well...I’m very pleased to hear that, but I’m afraid I have nothing to give you.”
“Oh, but you do,” Angèle whispered. Her voice was as smooth as the material of her dress. “Come closer.”
He walked a few steps toward her, until he was in front of the chess table.
“You have to get closer than that.  I want you kneeling right next to me.”
He did so, not having the vaguest idea about what she was going to show him.  
“Lift up my dress.”
“Was?” Franz replied.
“You heard me,” she said. A hard edge appeared in her voice, “Do it now.”
“I can’t. It’s not right...you’re a young lady-”
Before he could finish, Angèle grabbed his hand and placed it underneath her dress, on her calf.  Franz could feel her bare skin, soft and cool.  He was shocked that she wasn’t wearing stockings. 
“Angèle... I don’t want to hurt you.”
“Touch me.”
Franz was paralyzed.  He was torn between his better senses and his worst desires.  What he was doing was wrong, yet he wanted to please Angèle.  She was so beautiful, and she seemed to love him.  
“You know that I...uh...” 
“Shhh...” She put a perfectly manicured finger on his lips, then guiding his hand up her right leg.
He let her do as she wished, enjoying her delicately shaped leg.  He thought she was going to stop, but she didn’t.  Finally she reached an area so foreign to him it took him a few seconds to realize what it was.  When he did, he stiffened and tried to remove his hand but Angèle’s fingernails dug into his wrist.
Angèle stared at him with a fierce delight, and her mouth formed a greedy smile.
“Have you ever made love to a woman?” she asked.
“Uh...no, no.”
“Would you like to?”
“Ohh...” he moaned, feeling the release inside him.  It took him a few moments to recover.  Still trembling, he looked down and the heat rose to his face when he discovered that what he did something shameful.  He glanced up at Angèle, whose expression was one of extreme anger.
She threw his hand back, and jumped up off the settee.
“Boy!” she spat, and marched out of the room, slamming the door behind her.
Franz lay on the parquet floor, sprawled awkwardly.  His body shook and his face melded painfully in devastation and embarrassment.
He had lost the game.


Chapter 11--December 18


Caitlin awoke feeling well rested.  She was enjoying her stay.  She pulled herself up and opened her suitcase. She touched the items inside as if they were rare treasures.  She picked up the mirror and stared at her image.  She had never thought of herself as pretty, but she noticed lately she looked different, though she didn’t know exactly how. It was an improvement though, and that was all that mattered.  She put the mirror down and fingered the brush.  She couldn’t bring herself to use it.  It was too lovely.  She touched the soft material of her dresses.  She hadn’t worn them yet.  She was afraid she might soil them.  She was still in the blue shift she left the Meyer’s house in. Charles and Helen, the couple that ran the pub and let the rooms, probably thought that was strange, but they didn’t question her on it. They were good in that way, they weren’t the suspicious kind at all.  As Charles said often, ‘What’s your business is your business.’
Though she had only known the couple for a few days, they already felt like a family to her.  They were unbelievably warm and friendly.  Caitlin could talk with them as an equal, and they never got angry.  She felt guilt-ridden for having to lie to them.  She wished she could tell them the truth. She thought they would understand, but as Franz told her, she couldn’t take that chance.  If the wrong person overheard...well, it would be end of her.
But in another way, she enjoyed lying.  It allowed her to make a new start.  Now, she could forget her shameful and deprived past and create one more acceptable and to her, more interesting.  At night, Charles and Helen would invite her and the other boarders to their small house behind the pub for tea.  There, Caitlin spun the story of an idealized childhood as part of a middle-class family.  She spoke about the parents she never knew, and dreamed up a beautiful, charming older sister, and a handsome, but mischievous younger brother.  As the days wore on, she added aunts, uncles, cousins, and even a grandmother.  One of the boarders questioned her about her husband, and she made up a romantic tale about how they meant and how he swept her off her feet.  She described the lovely wedding they had, and the fancy things he had bought her, showing them the bottle of perfume as proof.  Everyone listened raptly to her tales.  She loved it when she was complemented on her stories.  All her life she thought she was only apt at menial duties, and that anything else was beyond her grasp.  It filled her with pride to know she could entertain people.
There was one thing she couldn’t convince them of, and that was that she wanted to be a mother.  They were all interested in the child and asked her all sorts of questions about it.  She tried to sound cheerful, but her answers always rang joyless to her ears.  The second night she was there, Caitlin broke down in tears when Helen described how she felt when she saw her daughter for the first time.  Ashamed of her behavior, she apologized, and ran out of the house, returning to her room.  
Besides that, she was having a wonderful time, and wished she could stay there forever.  Though she was eager to meet Franz’s aunt, whom he described as a very nice lady, she wasn’t looking forward to going to Germany.  Caitlin’s horizons were not big, and unlike the other maids at the Meyer’s house, she did not possess dreams of becoming wealthy, famous, or getting to travel to other places.  She thought London was a good enough place as any. As long as she had some food and a roof over her head, she was perfectly content.  She didn’t like the idea of living in a strange country that spoke some odd sounding language. She didn’t have much of a choice though, so she accepted it as the way things were.  
She closed the suitcase, placed it on the side of her bed and was about to get up when she heard a familiar knock on the door.
“Is it all right to come in?” Helen asked in her musical voice.
“Yeah, I’m still in bed.”
Helen opened the door, appearing with a metal tray in her hands.  Caitlin was fully capable of making her own breakfast, but she wasn’t about to complain.  She had to admit it was a very nice change of pace to be served.
“What do you got today?” she asked.
“Well...” Helen replied. She set the tray in front of Caitlin, “there’s my special sausages in syrup, fried potatoes, and two eggs boiled in the shell with a glass of orange juice.”
Caitlin dived into her meal.
“It’s delicious.”
“Oh thank you,” Helen replied.  She pushed back a strand of her graying chestnut hair that had escaped the confines of her braid. “I’m so happy someone appreciates my cooking.  Charles has never been particularly thrilled with it.”
“Tell Charles he’s a nutter.”
Helen laughed.  “I wish he was, but I think he’s right. It’s because you are eating for two is the reason you like my food.  The time I was in your condition I was ravenous the clock around.”
“I ain’t ever been a picky eater, either. To me, if it looks like food, it is food.”
“I’m glad you’re eating well. When I first saw you, I was worried because you looked gaunt, especially around your face.  Now, you’re beginning to fatten up a bit.”
“Ain’t I ever?  I swear if I get any bigger I’m going to pop right open.”
“Don’t worry about that. You’re very small compared to most women at your stage.  You probably won’t get much bigger than this, though it will seem heavier because of the baby dropping.”
“The what?”
“Probably next month, the baby will go lower in your womb in order to get ready to be born.”
“Ohh nooo,” Caitlin moaned. “I don’t want to think about that.”
“It’s nothing to be afraid of.  It will hurt, but it isn’t as bad as it sounds, and at the end of the day, it will be well worth it.”
“I don’t know.  All the things you told me yesterday, they seem so scary-like.  I don’t want to go through that.”
“It’ll be all right. Think about how lovely it will be to hold it in your arms.”
Caitlin frowned.  She couldn’t imagine doing that.  She only wanted to be rid of it.
“I didn’t mean to upset you.”
“It’s all right,” Caitlin said quickly, before taking a sip of her orange juice.
“I don’t want to intrude on your privacy, but it seems...well, how can I say it...a little odd that you’re not happy with having a baby.  I’m not saying that is wrong or bad, but every young lady loves talking about the children they’re expecting, and it’s unusual that you don’t.  May I ask why?”
“It’s because...” Caitlin started, as a wave of incredible sadness hit her.  She couldn’t lie to Helen anymore.  She sobbed instead.
“Oh, I’m terribly sorry. I shouldn’t have said that.”
She took out a handkerchief and wiped Caitlin’s tears.
“No. I’m happy you asked.  There’s a lot of things I have to tell you.  I need somebody who will understand.”
“You can tell me anything you want.”
“I’ve been lying to you, Helen.” 
“You have? About what?”
“Everything. I ain’t got no family, or no husband.  I’m all alone.”
“Then, who is Francis?”
“He’s someone who felt sorry for me and is trying to help me.  I’ve only known him for a few months.  We didn’t grow up together like I told you.”
Helen frowned in bewilderment.  “Is he your child’s father?”
Caitlin shook her head.  “He had nothing to do with this.”
“But the things you told me...it sounded as if you both were very much in love.”
“I suppose we are, but we ain’t going to be seeing each other again, so it’s useless.  I could only bring him down, anyway.  He deserves a real lady of his own, not someone who’s been already used like me.”
“But all those nice things you said he bought you-”
“Are there all in that suitcase, and he only did that because I had nothing.”
“I’d like to know the whole story.”
Caitlin told her the truth, and how she came to be in her predicament.  The more she revealed to Helen, the more Helen’s jaw gaped.
“I can’t believe a man would do such things,” she said after Caitlin finished, “Franz sounds like the only person in that house with a conscience.”
“There’s Cook, too, but he didn’t know about my problem, and he wouldn’t have been able to help me if he did.”
“Well, you don’t have to worry about that bastard Mr. Meyer finding you here.  We’ll make certain that no one who works at the factory knows about your presence.”
Caitlin sighed.  “I’m so glad I’m finally safe.”
“You definitely are and if you don’t mind, there are a few things I would like you to have.”
“Don’t worry about that.  I like getting presents.”
Helen smiled. “That’s good.  I’ll be back in a few moments with them.”
She left the room, and Caitlin finished her meal.  She felt a giant weight had been lifted off her shoulders.
Helen returned a few minutes later carrying a bundle of assorted items.  As soon as Caitlin realized they were baby clothes and blankets, she looked away.
“You’re going to need these things in a few months, and since my child is grown, well, I thought it only proper to give them to you.”
“I’ll put them in my suitcase.”
“And I have something I made especially for you. Since I know you’re catholic, I thought your baby shouldn’t go without a suitable gown to get baptized in.  Could you take a look at it and tell me what you think?”
She laid the dress across Caitlin’s abdomen.  Slowly, Caitlin turned her head and peered at it.  She saw the dress was made of silk and the sleeves and the bottom were trimmed with handmade lace.  The top was decorated with tiny bows and ribbons.
“It’s terribly fancy for a baby.”
“I made a matching cap, too,” Helen said, showing it to Caitlin.
“Lovely,” she said, after giving it only a cursory glance.
“Do you like them?”
“Yes,” Caitlin said, wanting desperately to change the subject.
“That’s good. I can make some more outfits if you like.”
“No, I think that’s enough.”
“Would you like me to make a few dresses for you?  It wouldn’t be any trouble and you could help me, if you like.”
“Well...okay, but don’t make them all fancy-like, then I won’t be able to wear them.”
Helen laughed.  “Don’t worry, they’ll be very simple.”
Caitlin looked up to her.  “Could you teach me how to sew, too?”
“Why, of course. If you come back to the house, I can show you.”
Caitlin became excited thinking of being able to make her own clothes.
“You are the bestest person ever. If I had a mum, I’d want her to be like you.”
“That is such a nice thing to say, Cait,” Helen replied, smiling modestly. “I wouldn’t mind having a daughter like you either.”
“Even with all the trouble I’m in?”
Helen leaned over and looked at her with intent brown eyes.
“It’s not trouble,” she whispered. “It’s a blessing.”


Chapter 12--December 24


Franz never had a Christmas Eve like this.  Except for a few gifts from his aunt, Christmas was like every other day.  His father didn’t bother with decorations, or stockings, and wouldn’t even consider a tree. It was waste of time with just the two of them.  It was better to be productive and go to work.  
But today was very different.  Franz and Herr Meyer had the day off from the factory, though they awoke an hour earlier than usual.  When they walked down the stairs, they were greeted by a nine-foot Douglas Fur covered in beads, stringed popcorn, velvet bows, and ornaments made from blown glass. Equally impressive were the presents, which took up half the floor space in the living room, and were piled about four feet high.  Everyone, including the servants, sat on the various chairs and settees that were arranged around the tree, sipping tea.
“I didn’t know we were celebrating Christmas today,” Franz said, as he reached the last stair.
“This isn’t Christmas, silly,” Angèle, who was already downstairs, replied. “We’re just opening a few of the presents today.”
“This is only a few?”
Everyone laughed.  Franz joined them around the tree, sitting next to Angèle.  Before he went shopping he was told to buy two things for everyone.  It was a difficult task for him, since he didn’t know what anyone wanted, but from their reaction he guessed everyone was pleased with their gift.  He received some very impressive gifts himself.  He couldn’t believe how jubilant the normally discordant household was.  Herr and Frau Meyer were full of joy, the servants were smiling and acting as if they were all friends, and Angèle was demure and sweet. The Christmas spirit brought out the best in all of them.  There was no mention of Caitlin.  Franz hoped it would stay that way, at least until New Year’s.
He was eager to visit her, but he hadn’t had any time to slip away unnoticed.  Herr Meyer, or someone else in the administrative department always accompanied him on his errands.  He was beginning to think Heinrich Meyer was suspicious of him after all.  He wanted to tell Caitlin about the delay in his aunt’s trip back to Germany, that she wouldn’t be leaving London until the second of January, but there was no way he could do that.  What he planned on doing now was either stopping at the pub on his way to fetch his aunt, or if that was not possible, slipping away during Angèle’s birthday party later on that night. The latter would work if the former didn’t.  It would be impossible for Herr Meyer to socialize with all the guests and watch him at the same time.
After the presents were opened, the Meyer family sat down for a very large English breakfast.  Franz was not used to eating so much at that hour of the morning, and felt queasy afterwards.  He excused himself and retired to his bedroom, where he rested for a few hours.  Around noon he awoke and rushed downstairs when he realized his aunt was supposed to arrive at twelve fifteen.  He was given permission the night before by Herr Meyer to use the automobile for that purpose.  Even though Franz checked it thoroughly the day before to make certain it was in running order, today it refused to start.  On the fifth attempt, it made a humming noise. Franz jumped into the car and made his way onto the street.  
Even with the cloth hood up, the car was cold inside, and Franz made haste in order to retrieve his aunt at the train station.  When he was three-quarters of the way there he remembered he was supposed to visit Caitlin.
“Verdammt!” he yelled, as he hit the steering wheel with his gloved left fist.  He could have gone back, but it would have taken too much time, and besides, the street traffic was heavy. He would try to visit Caitlin accompanied by his aunt, even though that was very risky.
About five minutes later, he arrived and spotted Aunt Aurelia at the train station exit right away.  With a heavy wool coat, hat, and leather gloves, she did not appear to be cold, compared to the other lightly dressed passengers shivering uncontrollably.
“Tante!” Franz yelled as he left the car and walked up to her.
She turned in his direction and smiled warmly.
“Mein Fro-Fro!” she cried, extending her arms. “It’s been so long!”
They hugged each other.
“You can’t call me Fro-Fro here. I’m a businessman now.”
“I promise I’ll call you Franz from now on. So, how is your new job?”
“I enjoy it. MMW is a very fine company.”
“Have you found yourself a wife yet?”
“Not yet, Tante.  Let’s talk in the car.”
“Car!  Do you mean you own an automobile?”
“It’s isn’t mine.  I borrowed it from Herr Meyer.”
“Mein Gott!  He must really like you!”
“I suppose he does.  Now, come along before we get frostbitten.”
“But we have to wait for your father.”
“Was?”
“Your father.  He bought tickets at the last minute.  I didn’t think he would come along, but he was eager to see you. Guess who else is here, too?”
“Not Berta-”
“Yes!  Your new stepmother!”
Franz groaned.
“Don’t worry. Your father swore that he would not ruin your holiday.  Now, where is that little girl I was supposed to meet?”
“We won’t be meeting her,” Franz replied miserably. “There has been a change in plans.”


Chapter 13


It was not a good day for Franz.  He pretended he was happy to see his father and Berta, but he was not convincing anyone.  He could tell by the way his father was looking at him.  Berta’s presence irritated Franz more.  His father brought her here to assert his superiority once again.  Berta was dressed in fine clothes and jewelry, all provided for by a man who claimed for years to be on the edge of poverty.  Franz was right all along.  His father was never a poor man. He was a just selfish and greedy miser.
What hurt more was looking at the face he thought he had forgotten, and realizing he hadn’t.  He loved her more than ever.  What was worse was she was looking at him as if she had never met him before.  He should go on and love someone else, as Caitlin had told him.  That would be the practical thing to do.  But this was one area of his life he could never rationalize, and it would always be that way.
The traffic was considerably lighter going back to the Meyers’ house.  No one talked much except Aunt Aurelia, who was full of questions about Franz’s new job and life.  When they arrived, Franz became nervous about introducing his family to the Meyers.  He wanted to make a good impression.
Ada opened the door before he knocked, and greeted them with an exuberant smile.
“Wilkommen!” she said. “I’ll take your coats and your bags.”
Frau Meyer walked in from the living room.
“Oh, it’s been much too long since we’ve had guests,” she chirped in German. “I’m so thrilled to meet all of you.  Franz, could you do the honors of introducing me to your family?”
“Yes, of course,” Franz replied. “This lovely lady here is my aunt, Aurelia Warholm, and over here is my father, Josef Warholm, and this is my...I mean, his wife, Berta.  Everyone, I would like you to meet Victoria Meyer.”
They shook hands, and Frau Meyer invited them into the dining room for a large lunch.  Everyone behaved very well.  His father was more cheerful than usual, talking mostly to Herr Meyer.  His aunt was being herself, but she wasn’t as silly. As promised, she did not refer to her nephew as ‘Fro-Fro’.  Berta was extremely charming and gracious.  Frau Meyer complimented her on her clothing. Everyone’s attention was focused on her, especially Herr Meyer’s, who was peering intently at the neckline of her tight fitting velvet mauve dress.  Angèle was the only one at the table who wasn’t enjoying herself at all.  She was silent, her eyes dark and her lips pressed in a straight line.   The fact that Franz was sitting across from Berta, and Angèle was several chairs away from him wasn’t helping her mood.
“I must say that you have a very beautiful wife,” Herr Meyer said to Franz’s father after several minutes of ogling Berta.
“I would have to agree with you,” Josef replied. He put his arm around his blushing bride.
Angèle’s expression turned from livid to murderous.  Frau Meyer, on the other hand, smiled wistfully. She did not appear to notice her husband’s staring at another woman, nor her daughter’s anger.
“This reminds me when Henry and I had gotten married.  We were so happy together, then.”
“It looks as if you still are,” Aurelia replied.
“Oh yes, we are,” Frau Meyer said. “It’s just that those first years, well...never mind.”
“I have a question to ask you,” Aurelia said. “I don’t want to invade your privacy, but I’m very curious.  Are you expecting?”
Frau Meyer looked a little taken aback but did not seem offended.  In the past two months, she was wearing loose clothing and it appeared to Franz as if she had on some type of padding under her clothes in order to make her abdomen look like it was protruding.  She rarely talked about it though, especially since Caitlin disappeared.
“Yes, I am,” she replied quietly.
“Ohhh....das ist wunderbar!” Aurelia shouted, startling everyone. “When will your bundle of joy be coming?”
“In February,” Frau Meyer replied. Her eyes grew sad. “Hopefully, everything will turn out for the good.  You see, I’ve had trouble in the past.”
“I understand completely,” Aurelia said. “I work as a midwife, and I’ve been witness to many troubling situations, but I’ve also seen twice as many good ones.  Though you’re a little more mature than most mothers, you look very healthy to me, and that is what matters.  You shouldn’t worry so much.”
“Josef and I are planning to have a child, aren’t we, darling?” Berta added, as she glanced back at her husband.
“Yes, yes,” Josef said dismissively.  Franz knew the last thing his father wanted was another child, and was hoping that would break up their marriage.  He could barely tolerate seeing them together.  He would much rather see Berta married to someone he wasn’t familiar with than with Josef.
The conversation turned to other matters.  Franz was relieved lunch had gone so well, but when the servants appeared, his father looked at him disdainfully. That always happened before his father admonished him.
“Franz, when are you going to stop leaching off these people like you did with me for years?” Josef said, very loud and in English, so everyone in the room could understand.
Franz turned his head away, and controlled the urge to reach across the table and strangulate him.  He noticed the servants stopped their work and were staring.
Fortunately, Herr Meyer defended him.
“Franz isn’t leaching off us, Herr Warholm.  We welcomed him into our home, and told him that he could stay as long as he wishes.  Besides, he is anything but lazy.  He’s a very dedicated worker at my company, and is a quiet and courteous guest in my home.  You should be proud of your son.”
“I should be,” Josef replied, “but he was anything but courteous and dedicated when he was in Hamburg.”
“Consider that changed,” Herr Meyer said. “You’re looking at a new Franz Warholm.”
“We’ll see about that.”
“Don’t be so hard on Franz,” Berta said. “He does try to please you as best as he can, and he is very intelligent.”
“Would anyone care for some tea?” Frau Meyer asked, in a nervous voice.
When lunch was over, the perfect opportunity arose.  Angèle and her mother had to go upstairs to make preparations for the birthday party.  Franz’s family wanted to look around London, but there was not enough room in the automobile for all of them.  Franz wasn’t as familiar with the area as Herr Meyer was, so he declined to go.  No one argued with him, since it seemed to be a perfectly logical solution.  Twenty minutes after lunch, Franz started the vehicle, and waved good-bye to his family.  Then, he rushed back into the house, put on his coat, and left before anyone would notice he was gone.  He was anxious as he walked down the street.  He prayed no one he knew would see him.  
When he reached the pub, he took a side alley that led to owner’s home.  Franz knocked on the door, and a few moments later, the owner’s wife answered it.
“Hello,” Franz said nervously, “I’m looking for-”
“Come right in. I’m Helen, Charles’s wife,” she said. “Caitlin’s been waiting for you.”
He entered a home filled with stockings, homemade decorations, and Christmas cards.  A dozen people filled a house not much bigger than the Meyer’s living room.  They walked around wrapped presents until they reached the kitchen area. Several pots and pans lay on the very large cast iron stove that filled up half the kitchen.  The aroma of vegetables boiling and a roasted goose saturated the air, and in the middle of it all was Caitlin.
“There’s someone here to visit you,” Helen announced.
Caitlin turned around and her eyes brightened when she saw Franz.  She put her arms around him.
“I’m so happy you’re here!” she shouted. “It’s seems like forever since I last saw you!”
“I know,” Franz replied.  He stroked her hair.
“You could go upstairs if you like,” the owner’s wife suggested. “It’s a bit quieter and more private.”
“Thank you,” Franz said. “We would appreciate that.”
Once upstairs and in a closet sized room with a sewing machine and a few chairs, Caitlin talked about her experiences with Charles and Helen.
“They’re so wonderful,” she blurted out. “I help out with cleaning up the pub after it closes, and I do the dishes, and I get paid five shillings a week...just for that!  If I do any more, I get extra!  Helen taught me to sew, so now I can make my own dresses.  I have ten of them!  And I’m learning how to knit too!”
“That is fantastic,” Franz replied. “I have to say that happiness really suits you.  I’ve never seen you look as beautiful as you do today.”
Caitlin blushed.  “Oh, you don’t have to say that.”
“But it’s true,” he said, and it was.  Her long golden hair was full and shiny, her blue eyes sparkled, and her complexion glowed.  She wasn’t the helpless waif on the edge of starvation anymore.
“I see you’re wearing one of the dresses I bought for you. It looks very lovely.”
“Thank you,” she replied. “I knew you’d be coming, so I was able to get up enough courage to put it on.  I’m being real, real careful not to soil it or anything.”
He took her hand and kissed it.  “You don’t have to worry.  I could never be angry at you.”
“I wish we could be together.”
“I know, but I have commitments, and I can’t break them.”
“Will you be able to visit me sometime in Germany?” she asked.
“There’s been a change in plans.  You’re not going there.” 
“I’m not?  Why?”
“Well, my aunt didn’t exactly follow my letter.  She invited my father and Berta to come over and of course, they did.  I can’t trust them enough to keep a secret.  So, you’re going to have to stay here until I can think of another scheme.”
“How long will that be?”
“I’m not certain, but it shouldn’t be more than a month or two.”
“I’m so sick of hiding,” Caitlin said. “I want to go outside and do things and not be afraid of anyone seeing me.”
“I’ll find you a safe place to stay soon,” Franz replied. “I promise.”
“I shouldn’t be talking so much about myself. How’s your Christmas so far?”
“It’s been very pleasant.” 
“Dad ain’t giving you no trouble?”
“Well, that is too much to ask for, but he’s been better than usual.”
“What about Berta?”
“She’s been very gracious.  Herr Meyer has taken a liking to her.”
“That ain’t no surprise.  Are you...still in love with her?”
Franz sighed.  “Yes, unfortunately.  It’s not making things any easier either.”
Disappointment showed in Caitlin’s eyes.  “You’ll be over her soon.  She’ll go away again and you’ll find someone else...who loves you back.”
“Oh, I’ve found that person.  It’s you.”
Caitlin smiled.  “You know what I mean.  A good and proper wife...someone smart and important.”
“Yes, I do,” Franz said sadly. “I suppose I should be going.  I don’t want anyone at the Meyer’s to become suspicious.”
“All right, I’ll let you go.  There’s one thing I have to tell you, though.”
“What is that?”
“Charles and Helen...they know the truth.  I told them a few days ago.  I hope you ain’t angry with me for doing that.”
“No, I’m not,” Franz replied. “I think they’ve more than earned our trust.”
Caitlin sighed.  “I’m so glad you ain’t.  I was worried about that.”
“You don’t have to worry anymore,” Franz said. “I’ll take care of everything.”
They stood up and embraced each other.
“Thank you for everything,” Caitlin said. “I hope you have a very Merry Christmas.”


Chapter 14


Angèle’s birthday party was as spectacular as one for any princess.  Pine garlands decorated in red and gold silk ribbons graced the walls of Charling Hall.  Every one of the hundred candles were lit, reflecting brilliantly off the several thirty foot tall mirrors in the ball room.  A magnificent Christmas tree, decorated with red and gold ornaments, stood proudly next to the ivory marble staircase.
Unable to find any trace of his family or Herr Meyer’s, Franz wandered the various rooms and casually eavesdropped on conversations.  Despite the display, not one of Herr Meyer’s colleagues nor Angèle’s friends had anything positive to say.
“What a ridiculous idea to have a birthday party on Christmas Eve.  Isn’t Miss Angèle’s actual birthday on New Year’s Eve?  Why didn’t they have it then?   And what idiot came up with this?” An older man smoking a pipe asked.
“The answer to your first question is yes, the answer to your second question is to inconvenience and annoy as many people as possible and the answer to your third is…probably the highly intelligent Mrs. Meyer,” A younger man commented, and all five of the men in the group burst out laughing.
“I don’t know why that little tart Angèle has to have such an embarrassingly large birthday party,” A young woman with a blue ball gown and auburn hair said in another room. “She’s as common as a rat, and she’s not exactly pure.”
“How many men has she had?” A blonde in a white dress asked. “At least fifty?”
“I would guess there were more,” The auburn returned. She flapped a silk fan. “I heard she even sleeps with her own father because her mother is frigid.”
“How horrible!” A petite brunette replied in shock.
“Don’t they have someone staying with them?” The blonde asked.
“Oh, yes,” The auburn replied smugly. “Angèle told me all about him.  His name is Franz and he came from Germany to work in her father’s plant.  She’s obsessed with him.  She told me that she’s tried everything to get him to go to bed with her, and he refuses.  She even tried to make him go up her dress and he wouldn’t.”
The petite brunette shivered.  “I can’t believe anyone could be so indecent as to do that.”
The blonde smiled slyly, ignoring the brunette. “This Franz must be a handsome fellow.”
“Well, Angèle says he is the most beautiful man she’s ever met.  So I think we’ll notice him if we see him,” The auburn said.
The blonde scanned the room, her eyes going right through Franz as if he didn’t exist.  “Well, he certainly isn’t in here.”
In another room, a group of boys around Angèle’s age were exchanging pound notes.
“Two quid says I’ll be with her tonight,” A dark haired, befreckled boy announced. “She calls me Mr. Reliable because I please her every time.”
“You’re mad, Robertson,” A boy with light brown hair and startling blue eyes replied. “I’ll wager five quid that she’ll pick me.  She said I was the most handsome and well endowed man she ever had.”
“Can we keep this conversation out of the gutter, please?” A dour-looking, red haired boy pleaded.
“No, we can’t,” Robertson said. “This is Angèle’s party.  It’s as close to a gutter as we can get.”
Franz returned to the main ballroom, where a crowd was gathering.  He stood a few yards away from Lady Penelope Halloway, who looked like a gray haired, more excitable version of Victoria.  She chatted with someone who seemed to be an acquaintance of hers.
“I feel so sorry for Angèle,” Lady Penelope said as Franz poured himself a cup of eggnog. “She has the worst set of parents that could ever be given to a child--my sister and that low-life excuse of a husband.  They wonder why Angèle is always sulking and throwing tantrums.  Well, I would be too if I was in the same situation.  If it wasn’t for me, I doubt the poor girl would have had this party at all.”    
“You’re being a little harsh,” A matronly woman in her forties replied.  “Today isn’t like our time, you know.  Children nowadays think everything can come to them on a silver tray.  They have to be taught humility, and I think that’s what they’re trying to instill in Angèle.”
One of Penelope’s delicate hands fluttered up to her neck, and she toyed with her strand of pearls in an irritated manner.  She looked at the other woman as if she were ready to strangle her.
“Angèle doesn’t need to learn humility,” she replied, a rough undertone running through her voice.  “She just needs to get out of that godforsaken house.  That’s hard to do in a place where the servants behave themselves better than the masters.” 
The other lady seemed taken aback and appropriately changed the subject.
“I probably shouldn’t ask this,” she said, “but it’s always bothered me.  Why didn’t your father give the company to Cyril?  I remember that he desperately wanted it.”
“That’s a terribly long story.  But in short, my father never took a liking to my husband.  He was growing senile when Henry was courting Victoria, and the manipulative bastard somehow managed to get into my father’s good graces.  When Father died, Cyril and I discovered that he had made a change to the will only a week before, deciding to hand the company over to Henry instead of splitting it with his partner’s son and Cyril. It was then that Henry started to show his true colors.  After Father was buried, he told Cyril and I that he only married Victoria so he could obtain the company.  Other than that, she meant nothing to him.”
“That’s just awful!” The matronly woman cried. “Obviously, that has changed, though.  Why would Victoria be in a family way now if Henry didn’t have feelings for her?”
“Nothing has changed, and I assure you that my sister is most certainly not with child,” Penelope said with complete conviction. “It’s all in her mind.  Besides, no forty-eight year old woman can have a baby.”
“Forty-eight!” The matron cried. “That’s older than I am!  She told me she’s only thirty-four!”
“Well, I’m eight years older than she is, and since I just turned fifty-six last week, that would make her forty-eight.”
“She does look very young for her age.”
“I would have to agree with you on that,” The older woman said.  “Unfortunately, she hasn’t grown any wiser.”
The two ladies moved on without noticing Franz’s presence and a group of men around the same age as Herr Meyer gathered around the crystal bowl and served themselves eggnog.  Franz sat down near where the beverages were served.  The men took no notice of him.
“This is most poorly planned party I’ve ever been to,” A very heavy man said. “Where are the servants?  Where’s the hors d’oeuvres?  And most importantly, where’s the wine?”
“I should have ate at home,” A thin man with graying hair and a mustache replied. “I didn’t know my entire family and I were going to starve to death.”
“Where’s Henry?  Where’s his wife?” The heavy man asked.
“I suppose we’re on our own here, Andrews,” The other man replied.
“That’s why we haven’t seen Henry yet,” Andrews replied. “Though I must admit it is probably his fault.  He is an absolute miser.  That’s why he lives in a house about the size of my garage, and no one with any decent training wants to work for him.   No doubt that Victoria had to make do with a few shillings.”
“He’s so cheap, he eats his help for dinner rather than give them severance pay when they leave,” A short balding man said as he approached the other two.
“You have a wicked imagination, Carl,” Andrews said.
“It isn’t imagination,” Carl replied. “It’s the truth. I think he’s very capable of such a thing.  I don’t know about both of you, but the man gives me the willies every time I look at him.”
“The willies!” The man with the mustache shouted. “Really, Carl!”
He and Andrews burst out laughing while Carl looked slightly disgruntled.
“Well, I don’t know to accurately describe it, than to use that word, Anthony,” Carl said. “His daughter gives me the same feeling.  She’s one of those-”
“She’s a vamp,” Andrews replied, in a lusty voice. “An absolute vamp.”
“Yes,” Carl said. “A vamp.  She tried to chat me up once, a few years ago.”
Andrews and Anthony began to laugh again.
“She did!” Carl cried. “I couldn’t believe it, because she couldn’t have been more than fourteen years old.”
“If I was twenty years younger and not married...” Anthony mused, but did not continue his thought.
Franz felt someone tap his shoulder.  He turned around and saw Aunt Aurelia, Berta, and Frau Meyer.
“Where have you been, Franz?” Aurelia asked him in German. “We’ve been looking all over for you.”
“I’ve been looking for you,” Franz replied.
“Don’t you think this is a fantastic place?” Berta asked him. “If I had a rich family, I would want my birthday to be somewhere just like this.”
“Victoria...”Anthony said, as he approached them and kissed Frau Meyer on the cheek. “How lovely it is to see you.  Where is your husband?”
“He’s discussing business with an employee at home,” Victoria replied. “He should be here shortly.  It is a pleasant surprise that you could come.  Is the rest of your family able to arrive?”
“Oh yes, Tony and Natalie are both here, along with my wife.”
“Well, Anthony, there’s a few people I would like you to meet.  This is Franz Warholm, an employee of my husband.  Franz, this is Anthony Chisholm, a colleague of ours.”
“I’m very pleased to meet you, Franz,” Anthony said, giving him a firm handshake. “Do you mind terribly if I call you that?”
“No, not at all,” Franz replied. “As long as I can call you Anthony.”
“Of course,” Anthony replied, “and these fine ladies are your mother and your wife, I assume.”
“No, “Frau Meyer corrected. “This is Aurelia, Franz’s aunt, and this is Berta, his step-mother.”
Anthony frowned and his mustache twitched.  “Step-mother.  Very interesting.  Well...I’m pleased to meet you both.” He put his arm around Franz, which Franz found slightly disconcerting. “Now, if you don’t mind, ladies, I’d like to introduce this man to a few of my associates.”
“No, we don’t mind at all,” Frau Meyer replied. “Franz should get acquainted with some other people, anyhow.”
It didn’t take long for Anthony to whisk Franz away from his family and put him in front of his other friends.
“Gentlemen,” Anthony announced, “this is Franz Warholm, Henry’s much acclaimed favorite employee.  Franz, this is Ian Andrews Ellison, and Carl Holden.  Andrews and I own Transatlantic Ship Company.  We only use MMW steel because it’s the purest and of the best quality, especially strength wise.  That’s why Henry is a friend of ours.  Carl is Henry’s solicitor.”
Franz shook hands with the two men.
“I’ve known him for years.  Henry Meyer is a great man to work for, as you probably know,” Carl said.
“Oh yes, he is,” Franz replied.
“Does he give you the willies, too?” Carl whispered suddenly, grabbing Franz’s arm. “You can tell me the truth.  I promise I won’t tell a soul.”
Franz shook his head.  Andrews and Anthony laughed.
“Shut up!” Carl shouted at the two men. “This is serious!  Now, Franz...I think there’s something you should know.  Your employer is a cannibal.”
The other men’s faces turned red as they tried to suppress their laughter.
“You have to believe me, Franz.  It seems like about once a year someone who works for him mysteriously disappears.  Then, I have to defend Henry when the police come to his home.  For about three years now, he’s insisted that I stay for dinner afterward, and they always serve the strangest looking pork roast I’ve ever seen.  I haven’t tasted it, but I know it isn’t pork.  Have you heard anything about that?”
Franz thought the man’s story was the most outrageous thing he ever heard. The other men could barely hold in their laughter.
“No, but I’ve heard from one of the maids who used to work there that she’s seen him murder people,” Franz said.  He shivered. “I didn’t hear about the other part.”
“I love how you humor him,” Andrews said to Franz, obviously believing Franz was making up the story in order to tease Carl. “Keep on going.”
“Where is this maid now?” Carl asked.
“She’s safe,” Franz replied, blocking out the other men. “I heard that Herr Meyer was going to kill her, so I helped her escape before that could happen.”
“That’s a very interesting piece of fiction,” Anthony replied.  He smiled.  “I suppose this maid is a quite an attractive young lady, too.”
Carl ignored the comment. “Be very careful,” Carl warned Franz. “If he finds out, you’ll be dead, I guarantee it.”
“Stop scaring the man, Carl,” Anthony said. “He’s going to think Britain is a society full of psychopaths if you keep up that nonsense.  Now, let’s talk about the new ship we’re going to help build next year.”
Franz found the plans for the new ship very interesting.  It kept his mind off other less than savory thoughts.  It wasn’t long before his father and Herr Meyer joined the conversation.  Franz noticed Carl looked nervous in front of Herr Meyer, as if his client could read his mind.  Franz had never heard of the ‘willies’ before, but he guessed it was close to the German word unheimlich, which refers to something eerie or strange.  He couldn’t see where Herr Meyer gave off less than a friendly air, even though he was fully aware of all the bizarre rumors surrounding him.  It wasn’t long before Carl excused himself and Josef dominated the conversation, boasting about how efficient the Hamburg plant was.  Herr Meyer took no notice of his solicitor’s strange body language or his quick departure.  Franz wondered if Carl wasn’t simply mad.  But what about Caitlin’s claims that Herr Meyer was a killer?  And what about the talk of his employer molesting his own daughter? How much was actually true?  A part of him wanted to find out for certain, but the other part could do without the added burden of discovering things he had no right to know.
Suddenly, all was perfectly quiet in the room.   First an ornate golden shoe appeared on the staircase, with a peak at a pair of white silk stockings.  Then everyone gasped in awe as a proud stunning beauty in golden tulle and chiffon appeared.  She walked as if she emerged out of a fantastic dream, gliding gracefully down the stairs onto the ballroom floor.  She smiled beguilingly at her audience and unfolded a silk fan.
Franz looked over at the Meyer’s.  Her mother had tears in her eyes, and her father was beaming.  Both Aurelia and Berta were staring in complete amazement, and his own father was awestruck.
Herr Meyer walked over to his daughter in a dream-like state, and the small band that had assembled in the opposite corner of the room moments before, played a waltz.
It was hard to believe such horrible things of the two people in that idyllic scene.  Perhaps people were being too harsh in judging them.  Maybe what was said about them at the party wasn’t true at all.  Then, Berta approached Franz.
“Would you care to dance?” she whispered in German.
Franz looked anxiously around for his father, but he had disappeared again.  He didn’t want to dance with Berta, because he didn’t want to stir up his feelings for her again, but he had no choice.
“Yes,” he replied and took her hand.
Being next to her was both painful and wonderful.  She stared at him tenderly with her light blue eyes.
“I miss you,” she said.
He tried to answer her, but he couldn’t.
“Your father told me that you’re in love with me.  Is that true?”
“I don’t know,” Franz replied.
“Are you in love with Angèle then?  I wouldn’t blame you if you said yes.  She is an extremely beautiful girl.”
“I don’t think so...though I can’t really say.”
“You don’t have to be so nervous around me, Franz,” Berta said. “Remember, we’re family now.”
“Please don’t talk,” he replied, feeling very ill at ease, and wishing it was over so he wouldn’t be tempted to kiss her.
Other people joined them.  He was just starting to relax when he spotted a man kneeling in front of a large wooden box that was on a tripod. It was a camera that took moving pictures and it was aimed directly at him.
“Oh, nein...” he said.
“What’s wrong?” Berta asked.
“We’re being filmed,” he announced.
“We’re going to be seen in a Kino?”
“I believe so.”
Berta turned around and waved excitedly at the camera.
“We’re famous!” she shouted in German, and danced faster.
A few moments later, Angèle and her father danced directly in front of them, blocking their view.
“We were famous,” Franz replied.
Berta laughed.  “There you go,” she said. “There is the Franz that I know.”
“Tell me something,” Franz inquired. “Why did you marry my father?”
“Well...it was rather sudden.  Basically...he offered to take care of me and give me all the things I never had, and I accepted.”
“Do you...love him?”
She paused.  “Nein.  I’m fond of him, but I don’t love him.”
“Do you love me, then?”
That question brought tears to her eyes.  She looked up at him mournfully.
“I should have,” she said.
The music ended, and Berta turned away from him.  Franz barely had time to watch her leave the room when Angèle grabbed his arm.
“You’re going to be the first one to dance with me,” she announced.  She forced him to dance fast. About a dozen young men surrounded them in a neat semi-circle, all of them eyeing Franz with envy.
Angèle chatted away about her party, and how wonderful she felt, while she whisked Franz around the entire length of the room.  He felt ridiculous, since he was supposed to be leading her, but no one seemed to notice.  Fifteen minutes later, Angèle’s other potential suitors grimaced. The young ladies stared at Franz in adoration, something he had never experienced before.  
“You should let some other fellows dance with you,” Franz said. “You don’t want to upset them.”
“Oh...I don’t care about them,” Angèle replied. “The only one I want tonight is you.”
“You’ve forgiven me for that incident in the drawing room?” he asked.
“Of course I have, you silly fool.  I know now you just had a bit of the nerves.”
“That’s good,” Franz replied. “I do want to please you.”
“And you do,” Angèle whispered.
At the end of that song, Robertson approached them.
“Don’t you want to spend time with Mr. Reliable?” he brooded.
“Oh, I suppose so,” Angelé replied, sounding harassed.  She looked back at Franz regretfully.  “I’m sorry for the interruption.”
“Don’t worry about it,” Franz replied.
As soon as Angèle began to dance with the very annoyed Robertson, a bevy of young ladies ran up to Franz, all begging him to dance with them next.
After what had seemed like innumerable dances, everyone lined up for a piece of an elaborately decorated, three tiered chocolate cake. It wasn’t until all the guests had departed and cleanup of the hall had begun that his father appeared again. He had a most despairing look, and three deep scratches on his cheek.
Berta and Franz were sitting in the corner of the ballroom together when they saw him.
“Oh my lord,” Berta cried, standing up and running over to her husband. “What happened to you?”
“It’s nothing to worry about,” he mumbled. “I slipped on some icy steps outside.”
She put his arms around him.  Josef did the same, all the while staring coldly at his son.
“Thank you for your sympathy, Franz,” he said sarcastically. “It’s good to know that your only child actually cares.”
Franz rolled his eyes and ignored him.  He was too tired for arguing.
Aurelia entered the room.
“Come along now,” she said. “The Meyers are waiting for us.  That means you too, Fro-Fro.” 
Berta giggled at the pet name, while Franz cracked a smile.  Feeling very weary, he joined his family, and left Charling Hall. 


Chapter 15


“Come on, Caitie,” Helen said.  She tried to put a glass of water up to Caitlin’s lips. “You have to calm down.”
“Noooo...” she cried.  She shook so much the bed she was lying on quivered.  Her face was bright red and wet with tears.
“It’s over now,” Helen replied. “That bad man won’t ever come back again.”
“He’s going to kill me!”
“No, he won’t,” Charles said. He stood in the doorway of Caitlin’s room, “‘cause I’ll shoot him right dead.”
“He’ll come back and he’ll bring Mr. Meyer with him.  You don’t know Mr. Meyer.  He’ll kill all of you without blinking an eye.”
“Please don’t worry about us,” Helen begged. “You’ve got more than enough troubles without that.  We promise if he does come around again, we’ll protect you as best we can.  We won’t let anyone hurt you.”
Caitlin opened her mouth, but no words came out.  She was too tired after that horrible ordeal. More tears rolled down her face.  
She accepted the glass of water Helen offered again, being too exhausted to fight back any longer.  It helped her settle down a little bit.
“You’re in a delicate condition,” Helen said, stroking Caitlin’s hair. “You need to get your rest.  Charles’ll be here all night to keep watch over things, so don’t worry.”
“But Mr. Meyer-” Caitlin whispered.  Suddenly she felt groggy.
“That bastard ain’t gonna hurt you,” Charles said. “I’ll do everything I can to keep him away from here.”
It occurred to Caitlin that Helen had put some sort of medicine in the water.  It had tasted a little off, and she was having trouble staying awake.  Bloody strong stuff, she thought. 
She closed her eyes, and the sounds around her became distant.
“What a thing to happen,” she heard Charles say, “and on Christmas Eve of all days.”
“I know,” Helen sighed.
She heard some feet padding about, and the bedroom door close.  A few minutes later, she was asleep.
A hazy dreamscape appeared in her mind.  There were vague images of people singing, and tying up red stockings on the banister leading upstairs. There was Franz.  She reexperienced the joy she felt when she saw him again, and how difficult it was to see him leave. There was the dinner, with almost as much food at that table as there was every year at the Meyer’s.  The only thing different this year was she was able to sit at the table and eat with everyone else. She did not have to wait until later to eat the scraps in the kitchen. Caitlin was usually alone for the holidays, feeling more like a stray dog than a human being.  Not this time, she thought, digging into the potatoes, beans, turnips, stuffing, and the roasted goose. She ate enough to satisfy four people. She was praised for her cooking, something she never experienced while at the Meyer’s.  It wasn’t just flattery either.  Her turnips and bread stuffing were almost as good as Cook’s, and the mince pie she made was better.  I must be getting smart-like, she thought when the meal was finished, I can sew, knit, and cook like nothing. Franz would be so proud of me now.
She helped Helen clear the plates after dinner was over.  She was going to wash them too, like she always did at the Meyer’s. Helen insisted she should get some rest though, so she left their home, and returned to her own room above the pub.
She rested her weight on the bed.  In recent days, she had grown, and felt as wide as a house.  She was unable to sleep in her accustomed fetal position. Now she had to sleep on her back, her limbs spread out on the bed.  As uncomfortable as she felt, she fell asleep right away.  She awoke when she sensed a heavy weight on top of her, and the sound of excited breathing.
She opened her eyes, and saw a man’s face inches from her own.  She was paralyzed.
She remembered him clearly.  He didn’t look like a cruel person.  She could tell from his reddened eyes and the smell of his breath he was drunk.  His hair was mostly gray, with a few dark streaks near his crown.  He was pale, with deep lines on his forehead, above his nose, and on the sides of his mouth.  His eyes were deep-set and nearly black, with small fine lines underneath them.  For some odd reason she was reminded of Franz.
“Who are you?” she said, her voice breathless and weak.
“That doesn’t matter,” he replied in a heavy accent. “What’s important now is that I found you.  Franz is not very good at hiding his women.”
Caitlin realized Mr. Meyer sent him and moaned.
“I like you,” he said, smiling. “You look like my first wife.  She was very beautiful, you know.”
“What are you going to do with me?” she cried, as she tried to wriggle free.
He pinned her down by laying one hand on her shoulder.  He was much stronger than he looked.  Caitlin could not move, and the force of his hand was hurting her.
“I promise to be gentle,” he whispered. He undid his trousers with his free hand.
When Caitlin saw this, she panicked, screamed.
“Shut up!” he yelled at her, “or I will slap you!”
She screamed louder and thrashed about, almost tipping the man over.  He boxed her ear with his free hand.  The side of her head ached and the room spun around her.  She felt his hand between her legs, trying to remove her panties.  Determined not to let that happen, she instinctively cupped her left hand, and dug her fingernails into his cheek.  He yelped, and attempted to hit her face, but she fought him.  She pulled on his hair, kicked about, and screamed as close to his ears as possible.  He kept his hold on her firm, though, and he managed to tear her panties and remove them.
She still screamed for help, even though she felt it was useless. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw the tableside lamp.  She grabbed it and brought the solid metal base down very hard on the man’s head.  He groaned and brought the hand holding her down upon his head in order to protect it.  She hit him even harder. He backed away, giving her the opportunity to escape.  She stood up and tried to leave with the lamp in hand, but he caught her by the wrist.  She dropped the lamp, which crashed upon the floor.  He twisted her arm, making her cry out.  She fell to the floor and he jumped on top of her.  She still struggled, even though she was tiring out.  Then she heard a clicking sound.
She looked up and saw Charles.  His face was full of rage.  He had a pistol pointed at the other man’s temple.
“Get up, now,” Charles said, through gritted teeth.  The other man did as if he didn’t know what he was wrong.
“I should kill you straight away,” Charles continued, “but I’ll let the police take care of you instead.”
“Nein, Nein,” the man whimpered. “Don’t send me to jail...my wife...I don’t want her to find out...or my son.”
“Franz?” Caitlin whispered. “He’s your son?”
“Ja,” the man replied. “I’m doing this for him.  Herr Meyer says if I do not, Franz will be hurt, and I don’t want that to happen.”
Caitlin winced.  She did not want Franz to be harmed under any circumstances, even if it meant endangering her own life.
“Let him go, Charles,” she choked out.
She woke up and felt fresh tears flowing down her face.  The room was shrouded in darkness. The only thing disturbing the silence was Charles’ snoring.
She realized not only was she putting Franz in danger, but also Charles and Helen.  None of them deserved Mr. Meyer’s wrath.  It was best to find another place to go.  Mr. Meyer knew where she was, and would come for her soon.  
She got out of bed, walked past Charles, and exited the room.  She unlocked the front door to the pub, and stepped out into the cold footpath with her bare feet.  She thanked God for giving her the chance to know what being loved felt like, and walked away.


Chapter 16


Franz was unable to sleep, even though he felt exhausted. He worked on his poetry instead.  It was a rare moment where he wouldn’t be disturbed, and he took advantage of it.  He sat at his desk with paper and pen in hand.  At first the words were awkward and wouldn’t flow, but the more he wrote the easier it became.  Soon he was fully engrossed in his work. He became lost in a world of beautiful words and images.  That night he believed he produced his best work ever.  When dawn brightened up his bedroom, he had completed twenty poems.  Most were about Caitlin.  He missed her terribly, and describing her seemed to bring her back to him.  He also wrote about his frustration with life.  Though he was apt in every subject, literature and languages were his favorites at school.  As a young boy, he fancied himself as a poet and novelist, maybe even a playwright.  If only he hadn’t been the son of Josef Warholm.  How he could have been born to a man like him?  Their personalities were so different.  Perhaps he inherited his talents and disposition from his mother, though he wasn’t certain.  Elena was a forbidden word in the Warholm family.  Mentioning it threw his father into a rage, and made his aunt flustered.  ‘She was a very lovely girl,’ was the only thing anyone said about her.  He wrote about his anger about having everything he loved taken away from him, first his mother, then his dreams, and now Caitlin.  He wrote about running away and changing his name, though he didn’t think he had the courage to attempt such a thing. He wrote about taking his own life, and imagined what a relief it would be to not have to suffer again.
After he finished the last poem, he put the papers into the top drawer and returned to bed.  He tossed and turned for an hour, until he decided to solve his sleeping problem the old fashioned way.  He would fix himself a large, strong drink.  He rose from his bed, and was about to go downstairs when he heard noises coming from the drawing room.  It sounded as if two people were talking. He walked toward the room to investigate.
He was outside the door when he recognized his father’s voice speaking in an odd, plaintive tone.
“I tried to get her for you,” Josef said, addressing the other person as the formal Sie, something he never did, even with strangers, “but...she was hitting and scratching me something terrible.  Then, this big man came and put a gun to my head.  He was going to call the police, but the girl told him to let me go.  You must understand...there was nothing I could do.”
The person he was talking to didn’t respond right away.  Franz could hear his father’s heavy breathing.
“You’re pathetic,” the other voice spat out.  It was Herr Meyer.
“Bitte-” Josef cried.
“Shut up,” Herr Meyer growled. “I don’t want to hear any more excuses.  I ask you once to do something for me, after years of tolerating your nonsense. I give you a raise and an extended holiday every year, none of which you deserve, and not only do you utterly fail, but make a complete fool of yourself in the process.”
“I’m sorry, Herr Meyer, really I am.”
“Not as sorry as you’re going to be.  You lost my son to me forever, and I’ll never forgive you for that.”
“Are you going to fire me?”
“No, it’s going to be much worse.  I’m going to demote you.  You’re going to be working at your original job at your original wage.  Your son will be your replacement.”
Josef sighed.
“I wouldn’t be too relieved if I were you. You see, your son and I respect each other greatly.  Franz would be more than willing to do what I want, which is to make your life hell from now on.  Since you treat him like rubbish, I’m certain he’ll have no misgivings about it.”
“Franz wouldn’t do that. He’s a good boy.”
Franz was shocked.  That was the first positive comment his father had ever uttered about him.
“Don’t count on it,” Herr Meyer replied. “Why should he be kind to you?  You’re an idiot.”
“I know, but Franz...he is very loyal to his family, and he has a good heart.  That’s why he helped that girl escape.  He won’t let you hurt me.”
“Think what you like,” his employer replied, “but you’re going to be punished in one way or another.”
Franz opened the door.  It startled his father.  Herr Meyer didn’t flinch, and looked at Franz as if he expected him to be there.
“Is there anything wrong?” he asked, pretending to be unaware of what was happening.  “I…uh…heard your voices down the hall.”
“No, not at all,” Herr Meyer answered. “Your father and I were just discussing an important business matter.”
 “At five o’clock in the morning?” Franz replied.
“Yes,” Herr Meyer replied, as if it were a perfectly natural thing to do.
“May I ask what it is concerning?” 
“Of course,” his employer said. “It is about you.”
“Me?”
“Yes.  I was telling your father about how well you were faring at the plant.  He was amazed you were adapting so easily.  I also told him that I thought you should be given more challenging work. He agreed and suggested something that astonished me.”
“What is that?”
“Well, we were going to wait until later to tell you.  It was going to be a Christmas gift of sorts.”
“It’s Christmas now.”
“All right, if you insist.  Your father wants to give his position to you.”
“You mean, running the Hamburg plant?”
“Yes.”
“I...don’t know what to say.  I’m not certain if I’m prepared for that responsibility. Besides, next year I have to enroll in the army.”
“Of course you are prepared, Franz.  You’re a brilliant young man.  You can do anything you set your mind to.  And about your military duty, I wouldn’t worry about that.  Before I decided to go into business, I was in the army myself.  I know many well-placed people there. I’m certain they’ll believe my physician when he tells them that your eyesight is so bad that it would be impossible for you to fulfill your service.”
Franz sighed.  This man has an answer for everything, he thought.  As much as he hated having to serve in the army, being put into this situation was worse.
“Do you really want to do this, Father?” Franz asked. “You’ve worked so long to get at that position.  I feel guilty about taking it away from you.”
“Don’t worry about that,” His father replied feebly. “I want you to have it.”
“Thank you,” Franz said.  Herr Meyer was punishing him, too. Taking his father’s job away would create more animosity between them, and that was the last thing he wanted.
“I have another gift for you, also,” Herr Meyer said, smirking. “Not only will you have a new job, but a new bride.”
“What do you mean?”
“Well, before I kissed Angelika goodnight, she told me that she had wanted a beau, and it was you.”
“I’m flattered, but-”
“She also told me that she wanted to marry you.  I promised I would do everything in my power to make that possible.  Now, I think the sooner we can arrange a wedding the better.  What do you think, Franz?”
“I suppose it’s all right,” he replied.
“You don’t sound very enthusiastic,” Herr Meyer said sternly. “Is there something wrong with my daughter that I should know about?”
“No, not at all.”
“Don’t you think she’s beautiful?”
“Oh, of course.”
“Then what is the problem?”
“To be honest Herr Meyer...I don’t think I’m ready to be married right now.”
“But you are,” Herr Meyer replied, “and marrying Angelika would be an excellent arrangement for you.  You would get everything any man could want, money, respect, and a beautiful wife.  Do you want to break my poor child’s heart?”
“Oh no.”
“Then you have your answer.  Now, what do you think?”
Franz sighed.  “I suppose it would be the most intelligent thing to do.  I know I wouldn’t get a girl as lovely as her if I didn’t work for you.”
Herr Meyer smiled.  “Very good,” he said. He patted Franz on the shoulder. “Unlike some people, you never fail me.” He gave Josef a pointed look, and Franz’s father seemed to wilt away.
“Now,” Herr Meyer continued, “both of you should get some sleep.  We’re going to have a busy day.”
“I was going to go downstairs to make myself a drink.  Would you like to join me, Father?”
“Yes, I would,” Josef replied, shaking like an old man. “I need one.”
“How about you, Herr Meyer?” Franz asked, out of politeness.  He actually wanted to talk to his father alone.
“I’d rather not right now,” he replied.
Franz sighed, pretending to be disappointed, but in reality he was relieved.  
“Well...danke, Herr Meyer,” Franz said. He left the room with his father.
“Danke,” Herr Meyer replied, grinning.
Franz and his father made their way to the living room.  Franz opened the liquor cabinet.
“What would you like?” Franz asked his father.
“Vodka,” Josef replied, as he lowered himself onto the settee in defeat.
Franz poured his father a generous glass and handed it to him.  He poured some scotch for himself.
“Now, tell me,” Franz said, standing directly in front of Josef, “what in the hell is going on?”


Chapter 17


Caitlin wasn’t certain she remembered, but here it was.  And thank god.  She was numb with the cold, exhausted, and hungry.  She was shaking and unbelievably dizzy.  But she was determined to find the Lady of Our Sanctuary before she succumbed to the forces of nature.  After walking down windy and deserted streets and through dark alleyways, where she carefully stepped over rubbish and the bodies of sleeping people, the crumbling buildings turned into mostly ill-kept homes, and the cobbled stone roads turned into frozen dirt.  Then she saw those intimidating iron gates, the front garden covered with a thin layer of wet snow, and the gothic-style building that was a small companion to the church next to it.  She walked toward it, pain dogging her at every step.  When she approached the gate, she saw the heavy padlock.
“Bloody hell,” she whispered.  There would be no way she could get in, unless she climbed the gate.  Though she was no condition to do such a thing, she wasn’t about to turn around and go back either.  She had to give it a try.
She grabbed two bars of the gate and lifted herself up.  She wasn’t as light and agile as she used to be. The going was difficult, but she managed to get to the top of the gate. When she climbed over the other side, she lost her footing.  The top of the gate was too wet for her to get a firm hold of it, and it slipped out of her hands.  She landed on her back with a loud thud.
 “Oww...” she moaned, as a sharp sting coursed its way through her.  She sat there for a few moments until the pain subsided, and then rose, wincing.  She ascended the stone steps and approached the heavy wood doors.  Knowing everyone in there would awaken soon; she pounded the brass knocker molded into the shape of the Virgin Mary.  There was no response.  She tried three more times, but nothing.
Frustrated and exhausted, Caitlin slumped down on the front step, and fell asleep.  Sometime later, she felt a gentle nudge on her shoulder, and opened her eyes.
“Caitlin...” A pearl-colored face with brown eyes said, “What happened to you?”
It was Sister Margaret Marie.  
“I got myself in a bit of trouble, Meg,” she replied. She surprised herself at how weak she sounded.
The nun nodded sympathetically.  
“Come in,” she said, helping Caitlin stand up. “We have a free bed for you.”


Chapter 18


Josef was tight-lipped.  Franz was unable to get any information out of him.  He was on Herr Meyer’s side, backing up his lies.  He denied knowing who Caitlin was, never mind going on a manhunt for her.  He also denied Herr Meyer was forcing him to step down.  Josef accused his son of being ungrateful, and stomped upstairs in a rage.  Franz drank until he was on the verge of passing out, and then clumsily made his way to his room.  It doesn’t matter, he thought as he sat down on the bed, my life is ruined anyway.
He was in a deep state of sleep when he was awakened.
“Franz,” his aunt said, “I have to talk to you.”
“Was?”
“It’s very important. I have to know what is going on around here.” 
“You’re not the only one.”
She sniffed the air.  “Have you been drinking, Franz?”
“Yes.”
“You shouldn’t do that.”
“I know,” he sighed.
“Now... your father has been acting very strange lately.  Of course, he won’t tell me why.  Do you know anything about it?”
“Yes,” Franz sat up in his bed. “Did you tell him where Caitlin was?”
“Yes. I explained everything to him.  I thought it wouldn’t hurt for him to know.”
“He told Herr Meyer.”
“Herr Meyer wasn’t supposed to know?”
“No, I was helping her escape from him.  That’s why she was staying at Charlie’s Pub.”
“Was he hurting her?”
“Yes, he molested her and got her pregnant. I believe he was planning to kill her after she gave birth.”
Aurelia gasped.  “Are you certain about this, Franz?”
“Yes, very much so.”
“He doesn’t seem like the type to do that sort of thing.”
“That’s why he’s gotten away with it for so long.  Caitlin told me other things about him, as did his solicitor at Angèle’s party.”
“My God...I started all this trouble.”
“It’s not your fault, Tante.  You didn’t know about all this mess.  Perhaps I should have told you about it in the letter.”
“But still...”
“And you didn’t know Father was going to tell Herr Meyer.”
“I feel terribly guilty about this.”
“Don’t worry about it. At least Caitlin managed to escape.”
“So, that was probably where he was when he disappeared.”
“Yes, most likely.”
“And the cuts and bruises on his face...”
“Cait was fighting back.”
“Why would Josef do such a thing?”
“Money. We all know how much he loves to have viel geld in his hands.”
Aurelia shook her head.  “I can’t believe this.  You can’t be working for Herr Meyer.  And Josef is going to hear about this from me on the return trip.”
“I have no choice but to work for Herr Meyer.  And lecturing Father isn’t going to help matters a bit.  He’ll only deny it and get angry with you.  It’s better to keep quiet on this whole matter.”
“Um…Does Herr Meyer know that you helped Caitlin escape?”
“Yes, but he hasn’t accused me of it.  Actually, he told me Caitlin was dead.  He’s playing the complete innocent, but he’s already started punishing me for what I did.”
“How?”
“A few hours ago, Herr Meyer had my father demoted, and I’m taking his place.  He knows that will put a very deep rift between us, and also, he’s forcing me to marry Angèle.”
“You can’t let him do that to you.  You should leave this place.”
“I don’t think that’s possible.  He would find me wherever I went.”
“Don’t say that, Franz.  You’re very smart.  You could get out of here.”
“I don’t know.”
“I could help you.”
“I don’t want to pull you into this, Tante.  I can live with this.  I don’t want to hurt Angèle by abandoning her.”
“She doesn’t seem to be the type to stay hurt for very long.   You shouldn’t marry someone you don’t love anyway.”
“Maybe it will work out for the best, though.”
“No, it won’t,” she replied sternly. “You know that as well as I do.”
Franz sighed.
“I just don’t want to fight anymore. All I want to know is that Caitlin’s safe, that’s all I care about right now.”
“I could find out for you. I promise not to tell a soul, either.”
“Thank you, Tante.”
They heard footsteps down the hall.
“I should get back to my room,” she whispered, and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek. “Just think about what I told you.”
“I will,” Franz replied tiredly.


Chapter 19--February 1, 1911


It had been a quiet two months.  Not many people were happy to see her, but she didn’t care.  They could whisper and speculate all they liked.  She did her chores, went to mass every day, and prayed before she retired to bed.  What she wasn’t looking forward to was giving birth, which would happen at any time.  Meg tried to console her, but what did she know?  In another way though, Caitlin couldn’t wait until it was over.  Her body would to return to normal, she wouldn’t feel like she was carrying a twenty-pound sack of potatoes all the time.  Also, she would be free.  Mother Superior told her she had to leave within two days of the birth, and they would give her ten pounds before she was off on her way.  Five pounds! she thought excitedly, I’ll be bloody rich!  For a month, she pondered about what she would do with the money.  She thought of moving south, renting a fancy flat near the ocean, and buying a lot of lovely furnishings.  Thinking of being free to start a new life, and not having to worry, put a smile on Caitlin’s face every time.
This morning, she was daydreaming of pretty clothes and plenty of food, when she felt the familiar urge to go to the bathroom. Reluctantly, Caitlin rolled out of bed and walked down the hall to the lavatory.  After she went, she noticed her panties had a few small red stains.  She remembered what Franz told her months before.  She would be giving birth soon.  She thought of telling one of the nuns, but she didn’t want to upset them.  Besides, she was fine, not in a slightest bit of pain.
She returned to her room and dressed for breakfast.  When she heard the wake-up knock on the door, she rushed downstairs to the dining room. She was the first person to take a seat.  She filled up on porridge, while the other girls stared at her.  She ignored them for the most part. She gathered her bowl and spoon and retreated to the kitchen, where she spent the next hour washing dishes.  Then, she had to go outside and spread sand on the front steps. While she was doing that, a gush of water flowed down her legs onto the stone steps.
“Oh no...” she moaned.  She was not certain what happened, but she knew it wasn’t good.  She wanted to go inside, but feared that if she got the floor wet, Mother Superior would punish her with the ‘big stick’, a large wood pointer that really hurt one’s backsides, so she tried to continue with her work.
Meg peered through the door.
“Is everything all right?” she asked.
“Uhh...I think I wet my pants,” Caitlin replied, feeling completely humiliated.
“Oh dear, you’ll have to come in straight away.”
“But won’t I mess up the floor?”
“Don’t worry. You’ve got more important things to think about.”
Caitlin went inside, and Meg helped her upstairs to the ‘sick room’, where any girl with an infectious disease stayed, so she wouldn’t give her ailment to others.  It was sparse, and smelled like antiseptic. It contained four beds and light blue paint on the walls.  
As soon as they entered, the nun known as Nurse Hortensia appeared out of her office.  She treated people in the sick room, and took care of the convent’s health needs.  It was rumored that she was nearly a hundred years old, and she looked it.  She was fragile as a small twig, and gnarled as a very old tree.  Beneath her heavy black headpiece, her face was wrinkled, with noticeably heavy folds over her eyes, and at the corners of her mouth.
“What’s the problem?” she said in the gruff voice that belied her appearance.
“Well...” Meg replied, “I believe Caitlin’s water broke.”
The old woman nodded sagely.  “Go upstairs and get her a new change of clothes.”
Meg did as she was told, leaving Caitlin with the nurse.
“You are going to stand right there,” she ordered. She pointed a crooked finger at Caitlin. “I just cleaned this goddamned floor, and it ain’t gonna do it again.  Your bath will be ready in a few minutes.  Hell knows you’re gonna need it.”
Nurse Hortensia was the only nun in the world who cursed, as far as Caitlin knew.  Any other nun would have been reprimanded, but Nurse Hortensia had been there forever, so everyone ignored it.  Besides, she did the work no one else wanted to do.
Caitlin took off her clothes, and put on a robe the nurse gave her.  A few minutes later she took her bath, and cleaned every part of her body thoroughly.  Meg had returned with her clean clothes.  She helped her out of the metal tub, and dried her off with a towel. Nurse Hortensia watched them from across the room.  Caitlin put on her new clothes, and Meg led her to the bed closest to the long, narrow window.
“Try to get some rest,” Meg whispered, squeezing Caitlin’s hand.
“Can you stay with me?” she asked the young nun. “I’m scared.”
Meg looked up at Nurse Hortensia.
“I suppose it’s all right,” the nurse replied. “Just don’t interfere with my work.”
Six hours passed and nothing happened.  Caitlin rested for a while, and then chatted with Meg.  Caitlin was growing restless and irritated.  She was bored to tears from lying passively in the sick room for so long.  
“Can I go now?” she asked Nurse Hortensia for the tenth time.
“No, you may not,” the nurse replied. “I told you that fifteen minutes ago.”
“Nothing ain’t happening, though.” 
“I don’t care.”
“Maybe we could play a game...or I could read a book to you,” Meg suggested.
“No, I don’t want that.  I have to be doing something.  Standing up, walking around-like.  My bum’s getting sore.”
Meg smiled slightly.  “Well...I suppose it wouldn’t hurt to stand up and walk a little bit.  Is that all right with you, Hortensia?”
“Yes, just make it fast.  I don’t want her collapsing on the floor when she goes into labor.”
Meg helped Caitlin stand up.  Once on her feet, she stretched out her arms.
“That’s better.  You know, those beds ain’t very comfy, Nurse.”
“I don’t run a hotel,” the nun replied.
“Do you feel well?” Meg asked.
“Oh yeah,” Caitlin replied.
“No pains or anything?”
“No, I’m fine.  Uh, Nurse, can you open up that window a bit?  It’s bloody stuffy.”
The nurse sighed in exasperation, but undid the latch and pushed the window open.  A gentle but cold breeze entered, blowing a few strands of Caitlin’s hair onto her cheek.
“Ahh...that’s real lovely,” she said.
“It is such a beautiful day outside,” Meg replied. “I don’t think I’ve seen a sky that blue and the sun that bright in months.  Don’t you think so, Caitlin?”
“Oh yeah,” she replied. She turned around and looked out at the courtyard. “It’s real cold too, the way I like it.”
“I’m freezing my arse off,” Nurse Hortensia complained, her arms tightly crossed, “though I doubt anyone cares.”
“I can’t wait until spring,” Meg said, not responding to the other nun’s comment.
“Me, neither,” Caitlin said. “I’ll be out of here, and on my own.”
“Where are you going to go?” Meg asked.
“South.”
Nurse Hortensia snorted with disgust.
“You’re not going anywhere,” the old nun replied. “You’ll end up back in London, committing all kinds of sins against the Lord.  You’re too stupid to do anything else.”
“Hortensia!” Meg shouted. “How dare you say that about Caitlin!”
“It’s true,” the nurse replied. “You’re only thirty years old, Meg.  You’ve haven’t seen the things that I have.  I’ve seen dozens of girls like her, and they all end up the same way. Prostitutes.  We take them in, teach them the ways of God, but it’s no use.  It’s in their blood to be whores.  Obviously, this one wasted no time getting into her new job.”
Caitlin could feel the heat rising to her face.  She clenched her hands to her sides, and tried to suppress the urge to attack the old woman.
“I ain’t no whore,” Caitlin said, turning around. “Not now or ever.”
The nun smirked.
“Why don’t you lie down and take a nap?” Meg said. “I’ll make you a cup of tea.”
“No!” Caitlin shouted. “I ain’t taking no more rubbish from this ugly old hag, or anybody else.  I’m getting out of this place!”
“Don’t do that,” Meg cried. “You’ll be all alone, and who will take care of your baby?”
“I can take care of myself, and my baby,” Caitlin replied. “Good-bye!”
She marched out of the sick room, slamming the door behind her.  She took two more steps, before a sharp pain struck the side of her abdomen, bringing her to her knees.
“Not now,” she whispered, rubbing the pained area. She tried awkwardly to stand up.
She felt Meg’s arm underneath her shoulders, and stood up with her help.
“You have to come back inside,” she said calmly.
“No...” Caitlin whispered.
“Don’t listen to Hortensia. She’s old and doesn’t realize what she’s saying.”
“I ain’t what she said I was.”
“I know you aren’t.  Now, let’s go back to the sick room.  You have a great task ahead of you, and I won’t let you go through it alone.”
If she wasn’t in such pain, Caitlin would have left the convent anyway, but instead she followed Meg back into the sick room.
It was eleven o’ clock at night, and although the nuns usually retired to bed three hours before, that night many of them gathered around the bed Caitlin was lying on, watching with a mixture of excitement and horror.  Caitlin didn’t notice them, being engulfed in misery.  She was thrashing, sweat flowing through every pore.  She wished someone in the room had a gun, so they would shoot her in the head before the pain became worse.
“Don’t worry, Cait,” Meg said as she tried to hold her down without hurting her. “It’s nearly over.”
“Will you stop moving!” Nurse Hortensia shouted from the foot of the bed. “I can’t get a hold of the head.”
Three of the other nuns helped Meg in stilling Caitlin.  One held down her left arm while the other two grasped both of her legs at the ankle.
“I’ve got it!” the nurse yelled.
“Oh god oh god oh god...” Caitlin cried.
“Here it is!” the nurse said.
Caitlin heard the nuns cry out, and then there was silence.  She opened her eyes and saw them staring down at something between her legs.  Nurse Hortensia reached, and lifted up a tiny figure by its legs and slapped it hard.  It let out a soft cry, which to Caitlin’s ears sounded like a cat’s mewing.
“It’s over.  Now, go to bed,” the nurse said to the other nuns.
Meg gave Caitlin a tight hug, and kissed her on the forehead.
“God bless you,” she said, “and your child.”
“Yeah,” Caitlin replied weakly. “We’re gonna need it.” 


Chapter 20--February 2


Caitlin woke up that morning and saw Meg’s smiling face.
“I brought you your breakfast,” she declared, holding a tray.
“Thank you,” Caitlin replied weakly.  She tried to sit up, but she was too tired and sore.
“Here, I’ll help you,” Meg said.  She put the tray on the bed behind her, placed her arm underneath Caitlin’s and pulled her up.
“Since you didn’t eat hardly at all yesterday, we made you an extra big breakfast,” the nun continued, placing the tray on Caitlin’s lap.
“I am starving all right,” Caitlin said. Her voice was hoarse from hours of screaming the night before. “And if this food didn’t look so blooming good, I’d be too tired to eat it.”
“I know how much you love a good breakfast.”
“Oh yeah,” Caitlin said, as she took the first bite of her eggs.
“There’s something else you’re going to love, too,” Meg said, trying to suppress a smile.
“What is it?”
“Let me show you.  It’s upstairs.”
“Is it a gift?”
“You’ll see,” Meg replied. She walked out of the room.
Caitlin wondered what it was as she took a bite of toast.  Maybe it was an inexpensive piece of jewelry, or some fresh flowers from the garden.  She didn’t consider it to be anything else, until Meg walked in five minutes later holding something wrapped in a white blanket.  Caitlin knew what it was, but didn’t want to believe it.
“That ain’t a baby...” she said.
Meg nodded, and sat down on the bed beside Caitlin’s.
“It’s yours,” she replied gently.
Caitlin stopped eating.  She felt sick to her stomach at hearing those words.
“No, I don’t want anything to do with this.”
“But he wants to see you.”
“He?”
“Yes.  A beautiful, healthy boy, all six pounds, twelve ounces of him.”
Caitlin was horrified.  Mr. Meyer got what he wanted.
“Don’t do this to me, Meg. I don’t want it.  I ain’t getting lovey-dovey with something that has a monster for a father.”
Meg frowned, and her eyes looked disillusioned.
“I don’t want to make you do something you don’t want to do.  I just wanted you to see your son, and discuss a important matter with you.”
“Like what?”
“Well, the baby needs a name.”
Caitlin looked away, focusing her attention on the window.
“What does that have to do with me?” she said.
“You’re his mother,” Meg replied.  Caitlin could hear her rise from the bed and walk over to her, and felt the soft material of the blanket against her arm, “Won’t you hold him, just this once?”
Caitlin put the tray on the floor and did what Meg told her to very begrudgingly, only to get the whole ordeal done with.  She felt the warm, tiny body move inside the blanket.
“Isn’t that a handsome little face?” Meg said, leaning over the child.
“Yeah,” Caitlin replied abruptly. She still stared at the window.
“Oh Cait...” the nun lamented. “You’re not looking at him.”
“So? I ain’t gonna see him again after tomorrow, so why the bother?”
“But he’s wonderful!  Look at those delicate hands and fingers.  I think he’s going to be an artist.”
“Whatever.”
“Look at him,” Meg ordered.  It was the first time Caitlin heard her voice raised in anger.  She didn’t want to lose the only friend she had at the convent, so she reluctantly glanced at her child.
She saw a light pink face with fine features.  He looked more like a doll than the reddish, wrinkled skinned babies she had taken care of before.  She was relieved he looked nothing like Mr. Meyer.  When he opened his eyes, and she saw that they were as blue as an ocean, her feelings began to change.
“He is a good-looking baby,” she admitted sheepishly.
“See? I knew you would like him.  Now, what do you think would be a proper name?”
“I don’t know. I never thought of that.”
“I was thinking he should be named after a saint.  How about Francis?”
Caitlin remembered that was the name Franz used when he met Charles.  She liked it immediately.
“Yeah, that sounds good.”
“Do you think he should have a middle name?”
“I suppose so. How about...Charles.”
Meg brightened.  “Oh, that does sound lovely.  Francis Charles Hadley.  I like it very much.  So, do you want me to take him and let you finish breakfast?”
“No. I’d like to hold him some more.”
Meg smiled.  “I thought so,” she replied.  


Chapter 21--February 3


Caitlin stayed an extra day at the convent because she was too sore to move.  Meg brought her breakfast again, and afterwards fetched the baby.  Caitlin spent most of the day holding him.  She also unwrapped the blanket and inspected him.  She fed and changed him for the first time.  Maybe this baby thing ain’t too bad after all, she thought as Francis opened his eyes.  They seemed more focused today, and it appeared he was studying her face.  Then, Meg entered the room.
“I hope I didn’t bother you,” she said.
“No, not at all.”
“I just wanted to tell you that you have some visitors.”
“Visitors?” Caitlin said, filled with dread.  She hoped it wasn’t the Meyers.
“Yes, Charles and Helen Hanson.”
Caitlin sighed with relief.
“Do you want to see them?”
“Oh yeah. Let them come up.” 
Meg nodded and left.  A few minutes later the door opened and revealed two familiar faces.  They ran over and hugged her.
“We were so worried about you, Cait,” Helen said. She was on the verge of crying. “Why did you leave?”
“I had to,” she replied. “I knew Mr. Meyer would come back for me, and I was afraid he’d hurt both of you, too.”
“I wouldn’t have let him hurt you,” Charles said.
“You don’t know Mr. Meyer,” Caitlin warned. “He’s doesn’t have a problem getting rid of anyone who gets in his way.  I’m surprised he didn’t come for me here.”
“I don’t think you have to worry about him anymore,” Charles said. “One of the coppers popped in for a pint of bitter about two days later, and I told him what happened to you.  I described the man who attacked you, and they found him easy enough three days later.  Name’s Josef Warholm, and he was staying at the Meyer’s house.  I guess they took him in, and shook him up a bit.  They told him to leave the country.  They tried to question Mr. Meyer, but his solicitor was there and they couldn’t get nothing out of him.”
“Does he know where I am?”
“I don’t think so,” Helen replied. “He never came to us directly, nor have any of his people bothered us since you left.  We did get one lady that asked about you.  She said she was Franz’s aunt, and she looked harmless enough, so we told her what happened on the night you left.  She told us that Franz suspected that, and he was looking for you.  She said that as soon as they found where you were, she would let us know.  Yesterday, she told us that she was fairly certain from the public records Franz checked that you might be here.”
“Well, you found me,” Caitlin said, “and as you can see, I had my baby.”
“I know,” Helen said, looking down with delight at the child. “What is it?  A boy or a girl?”
“A boy,” Caitlin replied.
“Did you name him yet?”
“Yeah, Francis Charles Hadley.”
“Oh, that’s a wonderful name,” Helen said. “Do you mind if I hold him?”
“No, not at all,” Caitlin replied.
She put the baby in Helen’s arms.
“It’s been so long...” Helen reminisced. “Don’t you wish we had a little one again, Charlie?”
“I suppose so,” Charles replied.
“You could,” Caitlin blurted out.
Helen and Charles looked taken aback by her comment.
“You’re not keeping him?” Helen asked.
“I can’t,” Caitlin replied, “but I don’t want him to grow up in no orphanage either.  I need some people I can trust to raise him up proper-like.  I was wondering if you two would...uh, you know-”
“Adopt him?” Helen said.
“Yeah, that’s the word.  Would you like to do that?”
Helen looked at Charles.  “Do you think that would be a good idea?”
He looked uncertain, but he finally nodded.
“Yes, I think so,” he replied.
“You could come and live with us,” Helen suggested. “You see, we’re selling the pub, and planning to move to Southhampton, so we can be with our daughter.  Mr. Meyer would never find you there.”
Caitlin shook her head.  “It’s better if I go away.” she said. “I don’t want Francis to grow up all confused-like.  He should have one mum and one dad and that’s it.”
Helen nodded sadly.
“I suppose we should let someone know what our intentions are,” Charles said.
They fetched Mother Superior, who came into the sick room to question Charles and Helen.
Caitlin thought she was the ultimate human authority figure, only one rung down from God.  She was in her early sixties, with strong, stern features, and penetrating dark eyes.  Being almost six feet tall, she was a very imposing figure in her black habit.  It was obvious she never let anyone push her around, not that such a thing was ever attempted.
“Are you Catholic?” the nun asked Charles and Helen, not bothering with explanations or social niceties.
“Yes,” Charles replied.
“Good,” the nun said. “Now, we expect you to pay a fee, to cover some of the legal costs.  Does fifty pounds sound reasonable?”
“I suppose so,” Charles replied, though he seemed shocked at hearing such a high number.
Mother Superior explained more aspects about the adoption, most of which Caitlin couldn’t understand. Then, the solicitor arrived.  Caitlin almost passed out when she saw it was Carl Holden.  She forgot he did legal work for the convent for free.  She was certain he would tell Mr. Meyer everything.
He didn’t seem to recognize her as he pulled a pile of papers out of his attaché case.
“The birth mother has to read and sign these first,” he explained, laying all the papers in Caitlin’s lap.
Caitlin was disconcerted as she picked up the first sheet of paper. She saw the tiny strings of letters; none had any meaning to her.  She peered intently at them and turned her head once in a while, like she had seen some of the nuns do when they were reading the morning paper or the bible.
“Where do I sign?” she asked after a few minutes.
Carl gave her a pen.  “On the line with the X on it.” he said, pointing it out to her.
This was another challenge.  Caitlin didn’t know how to spell her own name.  All she knew was it started with a C.
She drew a C next to the X, and then made a series of bumps and loops, imitating what she saw when others wrote.
The solicitor took the paper and frowned at the signature.  He gave it to Charles to read and sign.
Caitlin was relieved when it was over.  She felt taxed by the fact that she wasn’t able to know what the papers said, or how to sign her name properly.  She suspected everyone knew about her problem, and she was ashamed of being what she considered very stupid.
“Congratulations,” Carl Holden said to Charles and Helen. They shook hands.
“Thank you,” Helen replied.
After the solicitor left, Mother Superior gathered up the papers, and handed them to Charles.
“This is the birth and adoption certificates.  You’re free to take the child whenever you wish.”
Helen looked at Caitlin with a guilty expression.  “Would you like to have him one more day?” she asked.
“No,” she replied. “I’m leaving tomorrow.”
“Would you like to hold him again?”
“All right.”
Helen put him back into her arms.  She looked at his face one last time and kissed him on the forehead.
“Here you go,” she said, returning him to Helen.
“We’ll take good care of him,” Charles said solemnly.
“I know you will,” Caitlin replied, holding back tears. “Good-bye.”
“Good-bye, Cait,” Helen said, tears forming in her eyes too. “Just remember we love you.”
Caitlin was too upset to speak.  They kissed her and left with Francis.  She looked around at the things she had.  They brought her everything she left behind two months before, including the suitcase full of clothes Franz bought for her.  She thought of the ten pounds she would be leaving with tomorrow.
“Oh God, I’m alone again,” she said, and burst into tears. 


Chapter 22--February 4


The next morning, Caitlin put on a heavy woolen coat the convent gave her, along with ten pounds tucked in a secret pocket in the coat’s lining.  She grabbed her suitcase.
“Are you going to be all right?” Meg asked, concern showing in her eyes.
“Yeah,” Caitlin replied halfheartedly.
Meg put an arm around her.  “You had to make a difficult decision yesterday, and you may be regretting it.”
“No, it’s just that...I don’t know.”
“It was hard to do, but it was also the best thing you could have done.  It’ll take some time to get over it, but someday you will.”
“I suppose so.”
“Do you have any place you’re planning to stay?”
“Not really. I’m not even certain where I’m going yet.  I was going to go south, but now...I don’t know.”
“You can stay with my parents, if you like,” Meg offered.
“Well...”
“Oh, they won’t mind at all.  They’re used to people, among other things, showing up at their doorstep.  Believe me, you’ll see what I mean.  Just tell them that I sent you.  They’ll believe you.”
She took out a pencil and an old envelope and scribbled down an address. She gave it to Caitlin.  
“Show this to the driver when he comes.  He’ll know where to go.”
Caitlin looked at it, and wished she knew what the letters and numbers meant.
“Sixty-three Ambley Court, Manchester,” Meg said.
“Thank you.”
They walked downstairs quietly, stopping at the main entrance.
“I want to you to have one more thing,” Meg said. She took the rosary off her neck.
“Oh, no! I can’t take that from you!”  Caitlin knew it was Meg’s most prized possession.
“I want you to keep it,” Meg said firmly, putting it over Caitlin’s neck. “I can get another one.”
“Well...thank you.” Caitlin tried to hold back tears. “I’m...going to... miss you.  You’re one of the few...friends that I’ve ever had.”
Meg gave her a hug.  “You’ll have more friends, I know that.  Now, we should be going.  Your driver is probably waiting for you outside.”
Meg opened the door. It wasn’t the driver.  It was Mr. Meyer, with Mrs. Meyer beside him and their solicitor in the back seat.
“Close the door!” Caitlin yelled.
Meg was about to, but Mr. Meyer bounded up the pathway and forced it open.
“Where do you think you’re going?” he shouted. “Trying to make the big getaway?”
“That’s none of your business!” Caitlin shouted back. She was scared and angry.  “I can go where ever I want.  I ain’t your property no more!”
 “I don’t give a damn about you.  You can rot in the gutter as far as I care.  Where is my child?”
“I ain’t telling you!” Caitlin screamed.
He grabbed her arm hard, and shook her.
“Where is he!”
“Go to hell!” she hissed. “You ain’t ever knowing!”
“Stop it!” Meg yelled, but Mr. Meyer ignored her.
The solicitor approached, with Mrs. Meyer following him.
“What are you doing, Henry?” he said. “This is a convent.  You can’t be threatening people here.”
“I want to know where my child is,” Mr. Meyer said. He sounded like a crazed animal.
“Where’s my baby?” Mrs. Meyer moaned. “I’ve been waiting for so long.”
“I told you both what happened,” Mr. Holden said, like a parent explaining a difficult subject to his children. “When I came to pick up the child, it had died.”  He gave a knowing nod to Meg and Caitlin.
Mrs. Meyer began crying hysterically.
“Then why didn’t you retrieve the body?” Mr. Meyer asked.
“What’s the sense of that?  It’s dead!”
“You’re an idiot, Carl, and you’re fired!”
“Well, that’s lovely, Henry.  Fire me at the time you need me most, when you’re making a fool of yourself in front of a nun, of all things.  Are you going to turn me into pork roast and serve me to the next person you hire?”
Mr. Meyer turned around and punched Carl Holden in the face.  The solicitor landed on his back on the bottom of the stairwell and groaned.
“I want to know who runs this godforsaken place,” he grumbled, as he marched in direction of the dining room.
“What is all this racket about?” Mother Superior yelled from a distance. “And who exactly are you, sir?”
“I’m Heinrich Meyer, and I want my child back!”
She approached him, putting on her glasses and an irritated expression.
“Hush!  This is not a factory!  Now, who exactly is your child?”
“The child this piece of rubbish gave birth to,” Mr. Meyer said. He pointed to Caitlin. “I want him back now!”
Mother crossed her arms, which meant she was extremely angry.  Caitlin knew it was one step away from ‘the big stick’.  She almost smiled, imagining Mr. Meyer with his trousers pulled down, awaiting Mother Superior’s punishment in her office.
“The person who has relations with a thirteen year old is the piece of rubbish,” she replied, “but we won’t explore the subject any further, since you know that already.  Now, what do you want to know about Caitlin’s child?”
“Where the hell is it!” he screamed.
Mother frowned.
“The solicitor said it was dead,” Meg shouted out. “Isn’t that right, Caitlin?”
Caitlin nodded emphatically.
Mother Superior looked as if she didn’t know quite what to say, then she smiled knowingly.  There had been a sick infant they had taken in at the beginning of the year that had died a few days ago and had been buried the day before Francis Charles was born. 
“That’s right,” she said to Mr. Meyer. “It died soon after it was born.”
That took the fight out of him.  He appeared to grow smaller in size.
“Can we see the body?” he said meekly.
“Yes,” Mother Superior said. “It’s buried in the churchyard.  I’m afraid we don’t have a marker for it, though.”
“I don’t care,” he replied. “I want to see it.  Victoria?”
“What?” Mrs. Meyer said drunkenly from outside.
“Come on in.”
She stumbled in like a person on the edge of dying, and from what Caitlin saw, she didn’t look much better than that either. Greasy strands hung wildly out of her loose bun.  Her skin was whiter than the ceilings in her home.  She wasn’t wearing any make-up, which Caitlin thought was an extraordinary occurrence.  She had also lost her figure. Her once well fitting clothes hung off her as if she were an old lady.  In every way she appeared decades older.  Caitlin couldn’t help but feel sorry for her.
Out of the corner of her eye, Caitlin saw the taxi drive up the road.
“It’s here,” she whispered.
Meg nodded, and took her arm.
“We should get you out of here as quickly as possible, lest there be any more trouble.”
“What about you?” Caitlin asked, as they made their way outside.  “What if Mr. Meyer finds out that you all are lying to him?”
 “He won’t.  Don’t worry about me, or any of us here.  We’ve dealt with characters much worse than this Heinrich Meyer fellow.  God always takes care of us.”
“Ladies...” Carl Holden called, holding the side of his face. He followed them to the gate. “Do mind telling me where you’re going?”
“She’s going to Manchester,” Meg replied. “Why do you ask?”
“Because I need to leave London fast,” he said. “Is it all right if I join you on your trip?”
“Not at all,” Caitlin replied. “You helped me, after all.”
“I’ll pay your fare,” he offered.
“Oh, you don’t have to do that-”
The driver, parked behind the Meyer’s automobile, tooted his horn. His ruddy face bore a look of impatience.
“You better both go,” Meg said, and they hurried along.
They entered the back seat of the vehicle. Caitlin gave Meg a quick embrace and kiss on the cheek.  Carl Holden shook hands with her, and they were off.
“Where are you two going?” the driver asked in a gravelly voice.
Caitlin handed the solicitor the piece of paper with the address on it.
“Sixty-three Ambley Court, in Manchester,” he said.
“Manchester!” the driver shouted. “That’s an awfully long ways!”
“Can you go there?” Carl Holden asked, as if he was questioning a witness.
“Course, course,” the driver replied, “but it’s going to cost you.”
“That’s fine,” he said. “The farther we get away from Henry Meyer the better.  Isn’t that right, Caitlin?”
 “Yes, it is, Mr. Holden.”
“Just call me Carl.”
“Yes, Carl.”
He smiled down at her.  “I think we’re going to be very good friends.”
“I hope so.  I don’t need no more enemies, that’s for bloody certain.”
They began a long conversation that took them all the way to Manchester, and a beginning of a new life. 


Chapter 23--February 14


Franz put the cufflinks on his shirt and adjusted his bow tie.  It was Angèle’s wedding day.  He sighed as he put his jacket on and buttoned it.  He felt like he was being given a prison sentence.  He admonished himself as he examined his reflection.  Why was he so miserable?  He didn’t want to be married, yes, but still he was in a rare and enviable place.  At twenty-one years old, he was about to take over his father’s position. He would have five hundred people under his charge.  He would also have a beautiful and wealthy girl as his wife.  Instead of cherishing his good fortune, he was pining over a thirteen-year-old orphan. He thought it was ridiculous, but he couldn’t help it.  Her absence had left an enormous void, and it grew larger by the day.  He wished he never met her.
He looked back at his bed, knowing what was under there could make him feel better, but he fought the temptation. He wanted to be sober on his wedding day.  In the past few weeks, he had taken up a habit long possessed by his father.  He drank vodka every night until he passed out, and he took two shots in the morning, enough to cure the raging headaches he woke up with. It put him in a dulled, but functional state of mind.  It worked well, helping him cope with his workday.  Now he understood why his father relied on it so heavily.
There was a knock at the door.
“Who is it?” he asked.
“It’s Dana, sir.  May I come in?”
He brightened up, surprised he would hear from her today.  “Of course.”
It must have been important, because she took special care to see if anyone was around before closing the door.
“Mr. Warholm...I don’t want to bother you, but it’s something terribly urgent.”
“Don’t worry about that. Come over here, and we’ll talk.”
He offered his desk chair to her and closed his window shade as an extra precaution.
Dana looked pensive, and her large brown eyes welled with tears.
“What is it?” Franz whispered.
“Mr. Warholm,” Dana whimpered. “I’m so worried about Mrs. Meyer.  I-I, um, I think she’s dead.”
Franz wasn’t surprised.  The last time he saw her was ten days ago. She had arrived home from a trip ‘visiting friends’ looking like she been through a war.  She was in poor condition when she left, barely aware of her surroundings. When she returned, her husband had to carry her upstairs.  The next day Franz spotted a small announcement in the evening paper stating the Meyers had a stillborn son.  Herr Meyer never mentioned it to anyone, and no word was spoken of the child again.  Since Angèle or her father shadowed his every waking moment, he relied on his aunt to gain information on what happened and she didn’t fail him.  Herr and Frau Meyer found Caitlin at the convent and tried to force her to give up the child, but it had died and was buried the day before.  Caitlin left the convent soon after, supposedly for Manchester, and Herr and Frau Meyer saw the place where the child had been buried. The reason why Frau Meyer was in such a terrible state after she came home and was a virtual recluse since then was understandable.
“Would you like me to check on her?” he asked.
Dana nodded.  “I don’t want to get you into any trouble, but...we’re all so worried about her.  None of us maids are allowed to go in that room anymore.  Mr. Meyer says he brings food to her, but we think he’s lying.  He sleeps in one of the guest bedrooms now, and one time...I saw him eating the food he told me was for Mrs. Meyer in there.  Just promise me one thing.  Please don’t tell anyone I told you about it.”
“I won’t,” Franz replied. “If I get caught, I’ll say I was concerned about her.  Your name will not be mentioned.”
Dana breathed deeply.  “Thank you, Mr. Warholm.  You’re a very good person.”
“I try to be.” He was walking out of the room when Dana grabbed his arm.
“Oh, I almost forgot,” she said, and put a heavy square of cloth in his hand. “I think you’re going to need this.  You see, there’s a strange odor coming from the room-”
“I understand,” he replied. He took his bedroom key from the lowboy and put it his pocket. “I’ll tell you how she is when I return.”
Franz walked carefully down the hallway, being extra quiet when he passed Angèle’s room.  He could hear her chatting with her friends and her aunt, Lady Penelope Halloway. When he reached the Meyer’s bedroom, he detected a slightly noxious smell, but didn’t know exactly what it was. Looking about, he put the key inside the lock and turned it open.  Before he entered the bedroom, he was overwhelmed by the most disgusting odor he ever encountered.  He covered his mouth and nose with the cloth to keep from gagging.  Against all his instincts, he stepped into the room, his sight blurred by tearing eyes. He saw Frau Meyer, still dressed in the clothes she was wearing ten days ago. She was lying on the bed.  Her body was perfectly straight, like a soldier standing to attention, but her head was crooked at an awkward angle. No one had to tell Franz she was dead.  Fighting the urge to flee, he stepped closer to the bed.  Her skin was grayish-purple and her stomach was swollen.  She must have been there for quite a while, possibly a few days.  When he looked at her face, he saw an expression of pure terror. He unbuttoned the collar of her dress, and he saw rope marks circling her neck.  Not being able to stand the fumes and the sight of decay any longer, he turned away and left.
When he reached his own bedroom, Dana still sat in his desk chair.
“She’s all right, isn’t she?” the maid asked.
Franz pulled the bottle of vodka from under his bed and produced a shot glass from his desk.  He handed both to Dana.
“You’re going to need this. Frau Meyer is very, very dead.  I believe she was murdered.” 


Chapter 24--February 15, Paris


Everything was perfect.  Angèle was the most beautiful bride imaginable, wearing a gown of handmade lace decorated with pearls.  With a six-foot train, it befitted any princess.  The reception took place at Lady Penelope’s extravagant home, and was a highbrow affair with sparkling champagne and the low drone of dignified conversation.  Everyone beamed except Franz.  He tried to be happy, but while he recited the wedding vows, all he could think about was Victoria.  She was killed in her own home. Her body was decaying, while the rest of her family celebrated her daughter’s wedding.  Franz kept his eyes trained on Herr Meyer whenever he could, looking for some trace of guilt or grief, but there was none.  During the ceremony, he held Bede’s hand as if she were his own wife.  At the reception he danced with innumerable ladies, most of them Angèle’s friends.  He danced three times with Berta, holding her close enough to force her to push him away gently for propriety’s sake.  Hatred and resentment boiled up within Franz. His employer’s callous disregard of people was disgusting.  He should have informed the police, but he was too afraid.  Franz had discovered the truth about himself.  He was a coward.
The next morning, when they left for a three-week honeymoon in Paris, was no better.  He constantly wondered if Victoria Meyer’s body was still in the bedroom.  He didn’t know if his new wife was told about the death, so he asked Angèle how her mother was faring on their first night alone together.
“Did you visit your mother before you went to the church?” he asked, as she emerged from the bathroom dressed in a cream colored nightgown.
She looked at him strangely then brushed back a curl.  “No, of course not. Daddy told me she had pneumonia and wouldn’t allow anyone near her.  She probably didn’t give a damn anyhow.”
“But she’s your mother...”
Angèle fell into the bed beside him and gave him an intense stare.
“You don’t know her.  She’s always been in her own world.  She only likes people for what they can give her.  As soon as everyone started paying attention to me, and she was out of the limelight...well, that’s when she pushed me out of her life, and began obsessing about having another child.”
“I don’t think she was that bad-”
“She plays Mrs. Considerate in front of you because you’re a man, and she wants to make a good impression.”
“Maybe but…I think you should be concerned about her.  I haven’t seen her for days, and…one of the maids told me something before the wedding that I think you should know about.”
“What?”
“Well, she told me that she thought your mother was dead.”
Angèle rolled her eyes.  “You can’t believe anything the maids tell you.  They always make up little stories and fantasies.  They tell them to people just to get my family into trouble.  I’m tired of talking about my mother and the stupid maids.  Let’s talk about us.”
“All right,” Franz said, knowing he wasn’t going to get any more information out of Angèle without making her angry.  At least he was certain she had no idea her mother had died.  “What part of us would you like to talk about?”
“The consummation part,” Angèle purred. She slid close to him and grabbed his hand.  “It isn’t a sin anymore now that we’re married.”
She looked stunning as she lay next to him, but he felt guilty about touching her.  Still, another part of him needed some sort of relief. He closed his eyes and allowed Angèle to lead him.  An hour later, she lay naked by his side, asleep.  He watched her, feeling purged and satisfied.  He was pleased with her performance, as well as his own.  Then a stray thought entered his mind.
Why didn’t you tell her? 


Chapter 25--February 28, Hamburg


After a long and exhausting trip, Franz and Angèle arrived at their home outside Hamburg.  It was after midnight and Franz was barely awake when the taxicab stopped.  He was unable to sleep on the train and it was catching up with him.  He looked at Angèle. She was like a porcelain doll, her head slightly tilted as she snoozed.
He dreaded waking her up.  She nearly slapped him when he roused her on the train.  He gently nudged her arm.  
“Whhhat?” she mumbled.
“We’re home.” 
She opened her eyes and looked at him with a half-dazed expression.  He could tell she was drunk.  She imbibed too much brandy on the train.
“Fine.”  She closed her eyes again.
Franz opened the door and slipped out of the taxicab.
“Come on.” He offered his hand to assist her.
She snored in response.
“Angèle,” he tried to hide his irritation, “you have to get out.”
“Carry me,” she said, her voice barely coherent.
He cursed under his breath as lifted her.  He asked the driver to carry some of their luggage inside.  Fortunately, the front door was unlocked, and the light was on.   He entered the house and placed Angèle on a deep red settee.  He went outside to retrieve the rest of their luggage.  When everything was inside, he paid the fare, with a large tip for the assistance.  He was about to take Angèle upstairs to bed, when he heard a soft pattering.  The light revealed it was a small man in his eighties. He wore stripped flannel pajamas and a pointed cap.  He looked up at Franz through his thick wire framed glasses.
“Guten Tag,” the old man said, “or should I say ‘Gute Nacht’?”
Franz chuckled.  “It’s hard to tell right now.”
“You are Herr Warholm?”
“I certainly hope so.”
The old man gave a throaty laugh, and peered down at Angèle as if he were studying a jewel beneath a glass panel.
“And this is Frau Warholm?”
“It is.”
“She looks like her mother.” the old man looked up at Franz as if he forgot something important. “Oh, dear...you’re probably wondering who I am.”
“Are you our butler?”
“Yes, I am.  My name is Oskar Kehler.  It is a honor to meet you.”
“Thank you.” Franz shook Oskar’s frail hand.
“I can help you with your bags.”
“Yes, I would appreciate that.”  Franz turned to Angèle and lifted her off the settee. “If you could show me where the master bedroom is...”
“Certainly,” the butler lifted two of the lighter suitcases and ascended the stairs. “Follow me.”
Franz stepped on the plush red carpet, and looked at the hallway of his new home.  He admired the cherry wood paneling, sea green wallpaper, and the rose-gold light fixtures.  In some ways, the interior of the house seemed more luxurious than the Meyers’ home.  He had to admit it was definitely more inviting.
He entered the bedroom and laid Angèle on the four-poster canopy bed.  With Oskar’s help, he brought the bags upstairs.  It didn’t occur to him how exhausted he was until he sat down on the edge of the bed. His eyes felt like they were weighed down by lead, and his whole body ached.  The temptation to lie down was irresistible.  He fell asleep in a matter of minutes.
He woke up when the first rays of sunlight streamed into the room.  It took him a few minutes to realize where he was and to figure out what he should do next.  He glanced into the full-length mirror across from the bed. He was a complete mess.  His clothes were wrinkled and his hair was in disarray.  The dark circles under his reddened eyes told him he had too much to drink the night before.  He wanted to sort himself out before one of the servants came upstairs.  He opened up one of the suitcases and carefully pulled out a dress shirt and a pair of trousers.  When he finished dressing, he saw the suitcases were strewn all over the floor, and went about setting them upright and lining them up against the bed.  He was almost finished when he heard footsteps coming down the hallway.  He panicked, and tipped the suitcases over.  He started putting them in their original position when he heard a knock at the door.
“Uh...eine Moment, bitte.”  He struggled to put the suitcases in order as fast as possible.  After he was done, he opened the door to see a young maid.  She was wringing a dishtowel in her hands.
“I was sent up to ask you what you would like for your breakfast,” she explained.
 “I’m not certain yet.  I should be downstairs shortly.  Have some bread and butter ready, along with a pot of coffee.”
“And what would your wife prefer?”
Franz glanced back at Angèle.  She was still asleep.
“I don’t think she is going to be eating breakfast this morning.”
The maid nodded, and was about to turn away when Franz stopped her.
“Excuse me, but I was wondering what your name is.”
“Oh, I’m sorry.  That was terribly rude of me not to introduce myself.  My name is Katja...Katja Späthling.”
“I’m pleased to meet you, Katja.”  He shook her hand.
“The same is true here, Herr Warholm.”
“You can call me Franz,” he said. He instantly regretted it. “If you like, that is.”
She gave him a puzzled look, but then smiled knowingly.
“It is lovely to meet you, Franz.  I’ll tell the cook to prepare your breakfast.”
When she left, Franz sat down on the bed and sighed.  Why did I do that? He asked himself.  The young maid probably thought he had taken a liking for her, and that wasn’t the impression he wanted to convey.  He was simply being courteous.  It’s because she looks like Caitlin, he thought.  Though she was a few years older and much taller, she had the same coloring, and facial features.  Even her name was similar, which brought back the longing he tried to suppress.
“Why do these things have to happen to me?” he moaned.
He descended the stairs twenty minutes later, and was greeted by Oskar, who looked very odd in his butler attire.
“Ahh...Herr Warholm, you are alive,” he said, smiling wryly. “We were worried about you.”
“There is nothing to worry about.”  Franz rubbed his forehead in order to lessen the throbbing.
“I will show you where the dining room is.  Then I will introduce you to our staff.”
Oskar led him through the living room filled with cherry wood furniture, a red marble fireplace, and crystal vases filled with freshly cut flowers through an arched entrance to a dining room that looked similar to the Meyers’.  Oskar pulled a chair out for him and Franz sat down.  Katja strolled out of the kitchen carrying a tray with a coffee pot, a small dish filled with butter, and three small sliced baguettes.  
She smiled suggestively as she placed the contents in front of him, and filled his cup with coffee.
“Is there anything else you need, Franz?” she asked.
“No, not right away.”
She nodded.  “If you want me later on, all you have to do is-”
“Ring the bell?” Franz pointed to the hand painted china bell placed next to the vase full of lilies.
“Yes,” she whispered, “ring the bell.”
She sauntered back to the kitchen.  Franz sighed as he watched her.  It was going to be hard staying faithful with Katja around, but he was determined to do so.  He had compromised too many of his principles.  He wouldn’t allow Katja to get too close.  His headache faded as he ate the warm baguettes, and sipped the very strong coffee.  He looked forward to touring around his beautiful new home.  He hoped Angèle woke up in time to see the house along with him.  Perhaps she would love it as much as he did.  At least that would be something they could share, even if they had nothing else they could talk about.  He was almost finished with his breakfast when Oskar entered the dining room.
“I’m sorry to disturb you, Herr Warholm,” he said, “but you just received a telegram. It was stamped as urgent, so I thought it would be best to have you see it as soon as possible.”
“I don’t mind at all,” Franz replied. “Actually I am nearly done with breakfast.  Let me look at it.”
Oskar approached Franz and handed him the telegram.  Franz opened it up.  It was from Herr Meyer.
I am sorry to have to tell you this, it read, but your mother has died stop.  The funeral is next week stop. Please come as soon as possible stop.  Love Father stop.
Franz put the letter down.  Tears blurred his vision.
“Is there anything I can do for you?” Oskar asked. “Get you a handkerchief perhaps?”
“Nein, nein,” Franz sobbed.
“May I ask what happened?”
“Of course,” Franz gulped back a sob. “Frau Meyer…is dead.”
“Oh, I’m so sorry, Herr Warholm.  If there is anything I can do to help-”
“No, there is nothing.  I have to wake up Angèle and tell her what happened.”
“I can make arrangements for your trip to London, if you wish.”
Franz nodded, and stood up.  “Yes, I would like that,” he choked out.  He left the dining room feeling terrible but at the same time he was relieved to be able to tell his wife what he already knew for weeks now.


Chapter 26--March 8, London


Victoria Meyer’s funeral was a lavish production.  A walnut casket with hand carved roses on the side and ivory handles was placed in the middle of the living room.  Most of the furniture had to be moved and put into storage to make room for the masses of white roses and other flowers from friends and family.  Franz felt like an actor in a melodramatic play as he greeted and comforted guests.  Ironically, the ones who disliked Victoria, especially the people Franz overheard at the party, were the most histrionic about her death.  Franz supposed they were trying to banish their guilt.  By the third day Franz was drained.  He lay next to Angèle in her former bedroom, drinking gin he stole out of Herr Meyer’s liquor cabinet in the darkness of the early morning.  It was the only thing he looked forward to at the time.  He wanted to get this awful event over with and return to Hamburg.
He was about to take another sip of gin, when he heard a knock at the door.  Caught off guard, he nearly dropped the bottle.  A few drops spilled on the duvet.  Regaining his composure, he put the cap back on the bottle and shoved it under the bed.
“Mr. Warholm?” Dana called out. “Are you awake?”
“Yes,” he replied. “I’ll be out in a few moments.”
He got up and put a housecoat on, then opened the door.  He saw Dana, dressed in a brown nightgown.  There was a desperate look in her eyes.
“I have to talk to you,” she said gravely. “It’s about Mrs. Meyer...and Bede.”
“Do you want to talk here, or do you want to go somewhere else?”
“I’d rather talk somewhere else.  I know Angèle is a heavy sleeper, but Mr. Meyer isn’t...and he has very good hearing.”
“Where do you think would be the safest place?”
“The living room,” Dana replied. “We have to go there anyway, because there is something that I’d like you to do.”
Franz didn’t ask what it was, but he did follow her downstairs.
“All the servants are talking,” Dana whispered when they reached the living room. “Even Ada thinks something is seriously wrong, and she has always sided with Mr. Meyer.  When I told her that Mrs. Meyer was killed, she wasn’t surprised.  She thinks Bede may have something to do with it.”
“Bede?  Do you think she killed Frau Meyer?”
“Well, I don’t know about that, but the rest of us think it was her idea.  She has always been a gold digger of sorts.  She was attracted to Mr. Meyer because of his money.  I remember on several occasions when she first started working here she tried to chat him up, but he ignored her.  After a while, she gave up and started seeing this bloke whose dad owned a sweets shop.  When Caitlin came into the picture and Mr. Meyer started fancying her, well that all changed.  She carried a torch for Mr. Meyer again, and she made Caitlin’s life completely miserable.  She seemed to be getting worse every day.  Well, when Caitlin was gone, she suddenly turned on Mrs. Meyer.  I remember hearing her saying things to Matilda like ‘I’m going to kill that wench Victoria’ while they were getting ready in the morning.  Ada says she suspected that Bede was poisoning Mrs. Meyer’s food and drink, so she had to taste everything before it was served.  Then all of a sudden Bede started acting very pleasant, and she seemed extremely happy, but in a rather strange way that I can’t explain.  That was just before Mrs. Meyer went in her bedroom and never came out.”
“So do you think she is involved with Mr. Meyer?”
“Oh yes,” Dana agreed vigorously, “though I believe they are trying very hard to hide it.  I’ve never seen Mr. Meyer display any sort of affection towards her, but one morning I knocked on her door in order to borrow her hairbrush, and she didn’t answer.  It was unlocked, and when I peeked inside I noticed she wasn’t there.  I checked in that night and she still wasn’t there.  It didn’t take a lot of sussing to know where she sleeping and who she was sleeping with.”
Franz nodded.  “I believe you,” he replied. “So, what is it that you want me to do?”
“Well,” Dana said, “it isn’t very pleasant, and if you don’t want to do it, just say so...but can you open up the casket?”
Franz looked at her, shocked.
“What for?” he asked. “You don’t think Frau Meyer is in there?”
“No,” Dana replied. “I don’t think she is.”
The last thing Franz wanted to do was open a casket that contained his mother-in-law’s remains, but his curiosity and Dana’s desperation led him to do it.  He walked over, and with his eyes closed, lifted the heavy lid.  When he opened his eyes, he saw only the white satin lining and the empty space between it.
“You’re right,” Franz said to Dana, who turned away from the casket. “There is nothing in there.”
She sighed.  “I knew it.”
Franz closed the lid.  “Where do you think she is, then?”
“I’m not sure,” she replied. “Maybe she was buried in the yard, or...”
“Or what?”
Dana turned to face Franz.  Tears were streaming down her cheeks.
“Poor Mrs. Meyer.” she sobbed. “No one deserves to be treated that way, especially not her.”
Franz nodded in understanding.  He didn’t have to be told where she was, or what was going to happen to her. 


Chapter 27--March 9


Franz felt miserable the day of the funeral.  He woke up with a pounding headache, and queasy stomach.  He attributed it to having only two hours of sleep.  Angèle seemed to feel exactly the opposite.  She had reacted with complete hysteria the day he told her of her mother’s death, so much so he had to call a doctor, who prescribed a painkilling sedative.  She slept that entire day.  When they arrived in London she was in a dazed state.  She couldn’t talk and Franz had to do everything for her.  But as the week wore on, she recovered.  Having her aunt dote on her helped.  As Franz watched her style her hair and apply make-up at her dressing table, he was amazed at how vibrant, and even excited, she appeared.  It was as if she was going to attend a dance, rather than her mother’s funeral.  
“How do I look?” she said, turning around.
“Beautiful, as always,” Franz replied, which was the truth.
She smiled and the light in her eyes didn’t match the sober black dress with a high collar.  She put on a wide brimmed hat with a black veil.
“Why aren’t you getting prepared, Franz?” she said, obviously annoyed. “We only have about an hour before we have to leave.”
“I’m trying,” he replied weakly. “I’m just so tired.”
She frowned in the mirror.  “You’re always so tired, and I’m getting sick of it.  Why can’t you go to sleep at a decent hour like everyone else does?  That would help.”
“I wish I could.”
“Oh, stop with the self-pity and get dressed!” Angèle snapped. “This is a very important day, and I don’t want you to ruin it by all your moping.”
“Yes, dear,” Franz replied, getting up from the bed, and putting on the clothes he laid out the night before.  He wasn’t interested in arguing with her today, especially since she won every quarrel by threatening to tell her father about it.
Franz thought his malaise would subside when the church service started, but it worsened.  His head was pounding, and he was perspiring heavily despite it being chilly.  No one seemed to notice how he was feeling.  Herr Meyer was as alive as a block of ice, focusing intently on the coffin, while Angèle looked about the church trying to find her friends.  She occasionally wiped non-existent tears away with a handkerchief.  By the time they buried his mother-in-law at the family plot in the churchyard, Franz was praying he didn’t get sick until it was over.  His head was aching so much he had to hold it in hands, and couldn’t watch as the casket was being lowered.
Angèle prodded him with her elbow.
“What are you doing?” she whispered sharply.
“I--my head,” he said. “It hurts.”
“Well...at least try to act normally until we get home.  Everyone is staring at us, and it getting awfully uncomfortable for me.”
“I’m...trying.”
He lifted his head up, which felt like it had a load of bricks lying on top of it.  Everyone threw a bit of dirt into the grave.  Franz did so when the last person not in the immediate family was gone, and waited for his wife and father-in-law to do the same thing before walking away.  He was glad it was over.  At least now, Angèle couldn’t accuse him of humiliating her if he vomited.  He forgot until they arrived back at the Meyer home a large dinner party was planned.
“Angèle...” he said weakly, before they left the car, “I can’t attend the party...I’m much too sick.  Do you mind terribly if I go to our room and retire for the night?  I don’t want to embarrass you in front of your friends.”
She gave him a pointed look, but it softened.
“I suppose so,” she said, “even though everyone is going to be very disappointed.”
“Thank you,” he replied.
Herr Meyer, who was the first one to arrive at the house, was greeted by a pleasant, but appropriately somber-looking Ada.  She let him in, as well as Franz and Angèle, and kept sentry by the doorway, waiting for the other guests to arrive.
“Ada,” Herr Meyer asked tiredly, “what are we having for dinner tonight?”  
Ada’s face changed to a rather strange expression, half fearful, half disgusted.
“You’ve forgotten, Herr Meyer?  You told me yourself what it was before you left for the funeral.”
“I don’t like your tone of voice, Ada,” Herr Meyer said.
Franz saw sudden panic in her eyes.
“Es tut mir leid.  It’s been a very hard day.  Well, uh, we’re having…pork roast.” Franz’s stomach turned.  Alarmed, he covered his mouth and ran up the stairs.  He thought he would be able to reach the bathroom in time but he didn’t.


Chapter 28--December 18, Hamburg


Franz settled into a comfortable but routine existence.  He wasn’t happy, but he accepted that.  He didn’t need to be anymore, as long as Angèle was satisfied, and things remained exactly the way they were at the moment.
He went through hell the night of the dinner party.  Angèle gave him a two-hour berating, and then forced him out of her bedroom.  She refused to talk to him for three months.  Finally, Franz couldn’t take it anymore, and bought her a sapphire necklace simply to get her to speak to him again.  After that, she was pleasant enough, but very aloof.  Franz suspected she was tiring of him.  He left her to her own devices, not demanding she fulfill her marital duties, and pursued his own interests.
There were only three things he was proud of, and they were his home, his garden, and his writing.  Though his house was not a mansion, he loved it as though it were a castle.  It was Herr Meyer’s former home before he moved to London.  He rented it to a couple with exquisite taste before Franz and Angèle moved in.  His favorite room was the library, where he loved to sit at his mahogany desk.  He liked to write, read a good book, or stare out the window behind it admiring the countryside while sitting there.  He spent most of his spare hours in that room, though when the weather was pleasant he would be in the garden.  Although they had a gardener to maintain the large beds of flowers, Franz reserved a small piece of land on the outskirts of his property for a vegetable patch, which he tended himself.  It was a joy to watch the plants grow.  He actually felt sad when it came time to harvest them.
Now winter had arrived, and everything in the garden had perished. It was as if a part of him died along with it.  He had his writing, though, and that was coming along like a dream.  In October, he sent out his collection of poems to a German publisher, and they were accepted.  Franz received a copy of his first published work, titled ‘Heaven’s Eyes’.  He was happier that day than he had been in a while, but it was diminished by the fact he had no one to share his accomplishment with.  He had written under the pseudonym of Willem F. Rösele, because many of the things he wrote about were too personal for him to use his real name.  He put the book on the shelf along with the works of other poets.  Soon after, he started writing what would be his first and favorite novel, ‘Cateline’.  It was the only way Franz could keep Caitlin close to him.  It was her life story, with a few minor changes.  It was set a hundred years earlier in the French countryside, and unlike reality, it would have a happy ending.  Cateline would see the brave François again, and nothing would ever come between them.
He thought maybe he and Angèle would find something to share by now, and they could become friends even though she didn’t want him as a lover.  But to Franz’s surprise, she wasn’t interested in the house or garden.  She redecorated a vacant room, and turned it into her own personal parlor, where no one was allowed to enter without her permission.  Franz had only been inside it a few times and was amazed to see it resembled the sitting room in the Meyer’s house.  He didn’t know what she did in there, but there were some ladies magazines, a chess set, and needlework supplies.  She also had a small writing table, with perfumed stationary and a fancy fountain pen on it.  Once she had a journal or diary of some sort on the table, but he never saw it again.  Sometimes he wondered whom she penned those letters to, and exactly what she wrote about in her diary.  The friends she made when she joined the ranks of Hamburg’s upper crust probably knew more about her personal life than he did.  
Most of them were women, but she did have one male friend.  He was about the same age as her, and was one of the heirs to a shipping magnate.  He was a blond, with pale skin and large blue eyes, what many people referred to as the ‘ideal’ German.  Franz didn’t know his name, but he realized this boy took a fancy to Angèle.  She had no qualms about reciprocating, either.  She flirted openly with him at parties, and even in her own home.  She often spent time with her friends in the garden, sharing tea under a gazebo.  Angèle talked to all her female friends in French, only using German when she was talking to the servants.  When she had tea with the young man though, she talked to him in Italian, a language Franz did not know.  She would take all her friends to her parlor, where she would spent about an hour with the female ones, but the young man would usually stay with her for about three, sometimes four hours at a time.  No one had to tell Franz his wife was being unfaithful, but he didn’t care.  As long as she was happy, he didn’t mind at all.
He was in the process of penning ‘Cateline’ when he heard someone open the door and shuffle into the room.  He assumed it was Angéle, because she had a habit of not knocking, and didn’t bother to look up.
“Anything you want, dear?” he asked, assuming it was something minor.
“Yes,” A strange female voice said.
Franz immediately looked up and saw it was Katja.  She was smiling suggestively at him.
“Uh, what is it?” Franz asked, putting the paper on which ‘Cateline’ was written aside.  He hoped she would not pay too much attention to it.
She looked at Franz, much too directly for his taste.  What was she going to confront him with?
“I want to spend some time with you,” she said. “You seem to be so lonely up here by yourself.”
“I assure you that I’m not,” Franz replied crisply, tearing his eyes away from Katja’s gaze. “Actually, I’m working.”
“You’re always working,” Katja said. “You work all day at the plant, then you come home and work some more.  I don’t understand it.”
“There’s nothing to understand,” Franz said, as he felt the first touches of anger. “I like to work.”
“You should rest a little,” Katja replied, undoing the first three buttons of her uniform.  Franz thought she had gone insane.  She caressed the milky white skin of her neck.  Then he realized what she was doing.
“Are you warm?” he asked. “Because I could open the window here.”
“No, no,” Katja said. “It’s just the collar of this dress is so very tight.”
“I can get you a new uniform, if you like.”
“Oh, I would like that,” she said, and sauntered over to the left side of the desk.  She leaned her shapely body over him, and undid the rest of the buttons on her blouse as if it were the most normal thing in the world.  She wasn’t wearing a brassiere.  There was only white flesh and the beginnings of very large breasts.
She untied her black apron, and let it fall below her waist, revealing much more.  She unbuttoned the sleeves of her blouse and slipped out of it.  She was completely topless.
“How do you like it?” she asked softly.
“Oh,” he replied, not being able to think of what else to say.  He sat in his chair, feeling himself tremble and sweat.  He was on the verge of losing all sense of propriety and decorum.  
“Would you like to see more?” Katja asked.
He was unable to answer.
She took her entire uniform off, and threw it on the floor.  She looked like the inspiration for The Birth of Venus.  She sat back on his desk, and spread her legs open, exposing everything to him.  Franz couldn’t bear it any longer.  He jumped on top of her, and pulled her head back by yanking on her hair.  She yelped in pain, but he paid no attention to her, only doing what he wanted.  She tried to restrain him, but he grabbed her arms and held them back.  She ceased fighting against him.  After he was finished, he collapsed against her in a wet, crumpled heap.  They lay there, not caring who came in and saw them.  Actually, Franz was hoping Angéle would come in and discover him like this.  That bitch…she deserves it, he thought.


Chapter 29--January 12, 1912


Franz and Angèle had just returned home from church when Oskar approached them.  
“There is a telegram for you,” he said, handing the envelope to Franz.
“Who is it from?” Angèle asked.
“Myles Nelson,” Franz read aloud.
“Cook?” Angèle replied. “What does he want?”
“He says that your father is sick.”
“That’s ridiculous.  My father is the healthiest person alive. Give me that thing.”
Franz handed it to her without argument, and sat down on one of the settees in the living room.
“Make arrangements for our trip back to London,” Angèle ordered Oskar.
“As you wish, Frau Warholm,” Oskar said.
“And you,” Angèle replied as she approached Franz. “Stop sitting around like some kind of bum.  You know how much that embarrasses me.”
“There’s no one else here,” Franz said. “Besides, this is my home, isn’t it?”
Angèle sneered at him.  She took off her gloves, and put them in her purse.  Franz ignored her, until she slapped him with the back of her hand.  He was stunned for a moment.  He put his hand on his cheek, where he felt a stinging sensation.  He saw a few drops of blood on his fingers.  Her wedding ring had cut his face.
“What did you do that for?” he asked her.
“Because you’re an imbecile,” she replied.
“Oh, really?  Does that mean you’re going to divorce me?”
“It’ll be a cold day in hell before I do that,” she snarled.  She turned away from him and stomped upstairs.
Franz lay there, still bleeding.  A few minutes later, Katja entered the room.  “Franz...” she said. “What is wrong?”
“Oh, nothing,” he replied. “Angèle and I were just quarreling.”
“Again?  It seems like not a day goes by lately without you two arguing.”
“I know,” Franz sighed.
She sat down beside him, and examined his face.
“Is that a cut on your cheek?”
“Yes.”
“Let me look at it,” she said.“It doesn’t appear to be very deep, but it is bleeding heavily.  I think if it’s cleaned up, it’ll be fine.”
She returned to the kitchen, and brought out a moistened cloth.  She wiped up the blood.
“Hold it there for a few minutes,” she said. “The bleeding should stop.”
“Yes, nurse,” Franz replied wryly, holding the cloth to his face.
She laughed.  “I can’t see why Angèle treats you so badly.”
Franz tried to smile but he couldn’t.  He wondered if Katja was being nice to him out of sincerity or because she thought he had money.  “I suppose she’s bored with me,” he replied.
“She takes everything for granted, doesn’t she?”
He nodded.  He couldn’t tell what her motives were, and in all honesty, he really didn’t think it mattered.  He was definitely using her to get back at Angèle.  If she had less than pure motives herself, he supposed it served him right.
“If you were my husband,” Katja said. “I would never get tired of you.”
He didn’t know what to say, but he found himself being pulled toward her.  Suddenly, their lips were touching.  He reached out for her and caressed her body.  She moaned and moved so close she was nearly on top of him.  He threw the wet cloth on the floor.  He lifted the bottom of her dress and rubbed the soft skin just above her stockings.
Then he heard someone clear their throat.  He looked up, and saw it was Oskar.  He withdrew from Katja and his posture stiffened.  She did the same, quickly straightening out her dress.
“I’m sorry to disturb you, Herr Warholm,” Oskar said, a hint of a smile on his face.
“No, it’s all right,” Franz replied, feeling the heat rise to his face.  Oskar had probably stood there for at least a minute, and had witnessed everything.
“I wanted to inform you that you’ll be leaving for London this Friday at nine o’clock in the morning.”
“Thank you, Oskar,” Franz said, quickly standing up. “I suppose I should be going up to my study.”
“And I have to go back to the kitchen,” Katja replied, as if she were reading the words from a book. “There are dishes that have to be cleaned.”
Franz prayed Oskar wouldn’t tell Angèle about the incident. 


Chapter 30--January 20, London


When Franz and Angèle returned to London, they saw how sick Heinrich Meyer really was.  They were greeted with a dour-faced and silent Ada.  She took their coats and their luggage.  Franz heard a slight shuffling and a tap of a cane.  
“Herr Meyer,” Ada scolded from the coat room, “I told you not to move around.  The doctor says that you need to save your energy.”
“Doctor...is stupid,” Herr Meyer replied, after he appeared in the foyer.
“Daddy!” Angèle cried. “What happened to you?”
“Don’t know, Liebling,” he said.
“Oh no,” she sobbed, and ran over to hold him.
“What kind of illness does the doctor think he has?” Franz asked Ada impassively.
“He isn’t very certain,” Ada said. “He believes it is some kind of brain disease.  A neurologist is going to look at Herr Meyer next week and is going to do some tests on him.  Hopefully they can find out what it is and if there’s anything that can be done about it.”
“Brain is just fine!” Herr Meyer shouted.  “No more tests!”
“I know,” Ada sighed.
“Hello,” Bede said cheerfully as she appeared in the foyer. “It’s so good to see you both again.  We missed you this Christmas.”
“Where is your uniform?” Angèle shouted.  Bede was wearing a dark lavender dress instead.
 “Please don’t get upset, Miss Angèle,” Ada said in a frightened voice, “but-”
“I’ll explain, Ada,” Bede said. “You see, Henry and I have had feelings for each other for quite a while, and since Victoria died, he’s been terribly lonely.  He also needs someone to look after him.”
“Did you get married?” Angèle replied, in a murderous voice.
Bede smiled and held up her hand.  It had a gold wedding band on it.  “Yes, on Christmas Eve.  We would have invited you, but it was a rather impromptu ceremony.”
“That’s my mother’s ring,” Angèle snarled.
In order to avoid witnessing a very horrible row, Franz grabbed Angèle’s arm, and forced her up the stairs.
“That’s my mother’s ring!” Angèle shouted indignantly. “You’re going to give it back to me or else!”
“Shut up!” Franz whispered harshly.
After Franz and Angèle engaged in a three hour long fight, they were called downstairs for a quiet but tense dinner.  Franz saw how much Herr Meyer’s health had deteriorated.  It was nearly impossible for him to feed himself, because his arms and hands were strangely stiff, and at times he trembled uncontrollably.  Bede had to assist him.  Angèle was silent but that didn’t stop her from boring into her father’s new wife with angry eyes.
“Give me my mother’s ring.” Angèle said coolly after dinner was finished. Bede looked at her as if she didn’t know what she talking about.
“No,” she replied.
“Don’t ever say no to me,” Angèle growled. “Now give me back the goddamned ring.”
“Angèle...” Franz said, “this isn’t the right time for this.”
“Don’t worry, Franz,” Bede replied, sounding hurt and angry. “If she wants the ring that badly, she can have it.”
She slowly removed the ring from her finger, and in one swift move, threw it into Angèle’s face.  It hit her left eye.  
“Oww...” Angèle cried, covering it.
“You didn’t have to do that, Bede,” Franz reprimanded.
“You’re right,” Bede replied, “but she more than deserved it.”
“That’s it!” Angèle screamed, and stood up. “I’m not going to take any more of this rubbish!”
“What are you going to do to me?” Bede said, mocking her.
With one swift movement, Angèle picked up the gravy boat, and threw all of its contents on Bede.  She screamed in agony.
“What happened?” Ada shouted as she ran out of the kitchen. ”Mein Gott...Bede!”
“She...ruined my brand new dress!” Bede sobbed.
“Upstairs!” Herr Meyer shouted to Angèle, almost as an afterthought.
“What the hell is going on here?” Cook said, as poked his head out the door.
“Get some towels,” Ada ordered. “We have a little mess.”
“Angèle is going upstairs, so she can think about what she did,” Franz said, grabbing his wife’s arm again.
“No!” she cried, trying to wrestle out of his grip.
“Yes, we are,” Franz replied firmly, dragging her out of the dining room.
For the second time that day, Franz and Angèle argued.  Their fights usually became physical, with Angèle hitting or scratching her husband.  Franz had never raised a hand to her, though.  The thought had never even tempted him, but this time his patience had disappeared.  When she lobbed a porcelain figurine at him, he grabbed her and threw her on the bed.  He struck her repeatedly on the side of her head, not stopping until he saw blood coming out of her ear. 
An hour later, he sat in a chair drinking vodka straight from the bottle, while Angèle lay on the bed crying.
“Bastard...” she sobbed.
He couldn’t disagree with her.  That was exactly what he thought of himself.
“I’m sorry,” he whispered.
“Not as sorry as you’re going to be,” she replied.
“Why don’t we get divorced?” he said. “It is really the only solution we have.  I could live in Hamburg and you could live here.  I’ll give you half of what I make, your own flat, and whatever else you want.”
“And be a disgraced woman?” she spat out. “I don’t think so!”
“But you’ll definitely be happier,” he suggested. “Then you could be free to marry that little blond boy that you’ve been sleeping with.”
“His name is Hans,” Angèle said, “and I wouldn’t want to give you the satisfaction of being free to sleep with that slut of a maid whenever you want.”
Franz couldn’t help but laugh.  “Well, I’ll let you think about it.  I’m going to bed.”
“You’re not sleeping here!” Angèle shouted.
“Why would I do that?” Franz said, standing up. “I’m going back to my own room.  Good night, Angèle.”
“Go to hell, Franz.”
Franz laughed again then staggered out of the bedroom.
Sometime later, Franz felt someone shaking him awake.
“Angèle?” he said groggily.
“No, it’s Dana.  You have to come down to the kitchen.  Cook and I have something very important to discuss with you.”
“Cook?”
“Yes, it’s very urgent.  You have to wake up.”
Franz opened his eyes.  It was dark in his bedroom.
“What time is it?” he asked.
“Almost five o’ clock.” Dana replied. “We have to talk to you.”
“All right,” he said, forcing himself out of bed.  He followed Dana downstairs to the darkened kitchen.  Cook was waiting there, looking pale and a little sickly.  Dana looked up at him, but he said nothing.
“Does anyone want to explain what is going on here?” Franz said irritably.
Cook cleared his throat.  “Well, I’ve been discussing a few things with Dana, about how to solve some of our problems.”
“And?” Franz said.
“Umm...you know about Mr. Meyer, don’t you, Franz?  That he’s killed people?”
“Yes, I do know, as does everyone else in London, it seems.  Are those other rumors true?”
“Other rumors?” Cook’s eyebrows rose.  “You mean…”
“Yes, that’s what I mean. You were supposedly in on it indirectly, preparing the food and all.  You know what I’m talking about.”
Cook cleared his throat again.  “Uh…well…at times he would come back with some kind of meat already prepared…sometimes ground up.  He always said it was pork and I believed him.  Maybe I shouldn’t have, but I didn’t know what else to do and wasn’t about to go questioning him.  I don’t think he did that to Mrs. Meyer, though God knows where she is right now.  I don’t know what he did to any of those bodies afterwards, nor do I want to find out, but he had his hand in taking quite a few lives.  So, do you know about Bede?”
“That’s she married to Herr Meyer?  Of course I know!”
“There’s more than that,” Dana interjected. “Last week, she had him change his will.  I’ve heard she’s getting everything after he dies, the company, this house and your house in Hamburg, and all the money.  She told Matilda that she plans to fire everyone except her after that happens, and she’s going to throw you and Angèle out on the street, too.”
“Really?” Franz said. “So, what do you want me to do about this?”
Cook’s posture stiffened and he looked down on the floor. “Well...if you don’t mind, we would like you to help us take justice into our own hands.”
“What do you mean by that?” Franz asked, and as soon as he posed the question, he realized what they were asking of him.
“It’s the only way,” Dana said.
“I can’t kill anyone,” Franz replied, suddenly frightened.
“It won’t be just you,” Dana soothed. “We’re going to help you, and we have a scheme already sorted out.  We promise you won’t get into trouble.”
“What about Angèle?” Franz said. “She’s a very intelligent person.  It won’t take her long at all to realize what happened when she wakes up and finds her father is dead.”
“You’re right,” Cook replied. “So we’re going to have to get rid of her too.”
“Was!” Franz shouted. “I can’t believe what you’re saying!”
Dana grabbed his arm.  “We have to, Franz.  This is for everyone’s sake, including yours.”
“What-How are we going to explain this to everyone else?”
“Simple,” Cook replied. “After we do our jobs, we’ll start a fire in the hallway.  Before it spreads very much, we’ll wake up everyone else in the house and escape.  By the time the firemen get here, it’ll be too late.  No one will ever know what happened.”
“How did you plan to...you know…”
“Very quickly and painlessly,” Cook replied. “We’ll suffocate them with pillows while they’re sleeping.  They won’t feel a thing.”
“I still don’t believe this,” Franz said. “I don’t know.”
“Franz!” Dana whispered sharply. “You have to!  Don’t you care for any of us at all?  We’ll all be homeless if you don’t go along with this!”
“All right!” Franz said, feeling under pressure. “When do you want to do this?” 
“As soon as possible,” Cook replied. “Are you ready now?”
“Now?”
“Yes, who do want to get rid of?  Dana is taking Bede.  I can take either Mr. Meyer or Angèle.”
“Umm...” Franz said. “I don’t know...I guess I’ll chose Angèle.”
“Good,” Cook said. “I’ll go get the pillows.”
When Cook left the kitchen, Franz put his head in his hands.
“I can’t do this!” he shouted.  He could feel his eyes filling with tears.
“Poor Franz,” Dana replied. “I know that this must very hard for you, but it’s for the best.  Someday things will be all right.”
“No, they won’t!” Franz said.
He heard Dana sob. “Think of all those people who died, and we had to look the other way,” she said. “Now, we’re doing something about it.”
Cook returned with three pillows, and handed the other two to Dana and Franz.
“Let’s pray to God we get this right,” Cook said.


Chapter 31


It didn’t take long to steal the life from Angèle.  She didn’t wake up when he entered the bedroom.  He was so anxious that his stomach felt like it was going to come out of his throat.  Just this once, he wanted her to wake up and ask what in the hell did he think he was doing, but she didn’t.  He thought about waking her up himself, but instead sat on her chest, then he put the pillow over her face and pressed down hard.  She didn’t struggle.  He heard some gasping from under the  pillow and after a few minutes, she stopped breathing.  After he was certain she was dead, he took her into his arms and kissed her cheek softly.  He stroked her hair, something he could never do when she was alive.  Finally, he returned her to her original position on the bed, put the blankets up to her neck, and tucked her in.  
Franz then met Cook and Dana in the hall.
“Are they dead?” Franz asked.
They nodded. Though Cook looked like a man about to be executed, Dana seemed like she were a newly freed slave.  She almost had a smile on her face.
“Do you want me to get the petrol from the garage?” Franz asked.
“Yes,” Cook said, “I want to get this over with as quickly as we can.”
He went outside and opened the garage.  It was dark, and since he had no idea where Herr Meyer would put such a thing, he had to grope.  Finally, he stumbled upon a large tin container, with a strong petroleum scent.  He picked it up.  It was almost full.  Herr Meyer hadn’t driven his car for quite a while.  Despite being careful not to spill it, a small amount splashed onto the footpath leading back to the house.  He didn’t think it was enough for anyone to notice, though.  After a trying ordeal up the stairs, where he spilled even more, he arrived at the spot where Cook and Dana were waiting.
“Where do you want me to put it?” Franz asked.
“Down this bit of hallway, really close to the bedroom doors,” Cook ordered.
Franz poured a wide line of petroleum in front of the two bedroom doors until the can was empty.  Cook took out a box of matches and lit one.  Ceremoniously, he dropped the match on the petroleum soaked portion of the rug, then a few seconds later a curtain of flame snaked up one wall.  
“Let’s go,” Cook said.
They woke up Ada and Matilda, and by the time they gathered some of their possessions, the whole downstairs had filled with black smoke.  Putting their hands over their faces, and stumbling into furniture, they exited the front door thirty seconds before the entire ceiling collapsed.
“Mein Gott!” Ada screamed in German. “Herr Meyer and Fraulein Angèle are still in there!”
“Where’s Bede?” Matilda cried.
“We have to save them!” Ada shouted, and was about to run back in when Franz stopped her.
“Nein,” Franz told her. “That wouldn’t be a wise thing to do.”
“What do you mean nein?” Ada yelled at him. “Your wife is in there.  Do you want her to die?”
“It’s too late,” Franz said. “By the time I woke up, the fire had spread through the entire hallway.  There was no way I could get to her.  I barely escaped myself.”
“Do you think they’re dead already?” Ada asked.
“Yes,” Franz said sadly. “They would have succumbed to all the smoke by now.”
“Nein...” Ada cried, and fell in Franz’s arms.
When the firemen came, the house was completely engulfed in flames.  The neighborhood had gathered to watch the inferno.  The firemen fought for hours but in the end, all that was left of Meyer’s house was a charred frame, and the remnants of once luxurious furniture.  The only thing the firemen managed to save was the home next to the Meyer’s.
“It’s over,” Cook said in one long breath.
“Does everyone have a place that they can stay?” Franz asked.
Everyone nodded except Ada.
“All my family is in Germany,” she said.
“I’ll get you a hotel room,” Franz replied. “You can stay there as long as you like.”
“What are you going to do after this?” Matilda asked him.
“I don’t know,” Franz said. “I suppose I have to contact Lady Halloway and tell her what happened.”
“They’re gone!” Ada cried again.
“I know,” Franz said, overwhelmed by what he did.


Chapter 32--January 27


On an overcast day that felt every bit like January, Franz watched as Angèle and Heinrich Meyer were buried next to the plot where Victoria supposedly laid.  So little remained of their bodies that they were placed in the same coffin.  Bede’s remains were returned to her family in a wooden box.  Lady Halloway planned every aspect of the ceremony with Franz’s permission.  Everything proceeded perfectly.  All were eager to comfort Franz, and he noticed the people who once called Angèle a vamp, now referred to her as a ‘sweet, sweet girl’ and though Herr Meyer was a miser before, he was now ‘an extremely generous man’.  
“It’s time to leave now,” Aurelia said gently, after it was over.
“I...I want to stay here,” Franz choked out.
She nodded in understanding.  “Your father is complaining about being hungry, so what we’ll do is go to Frau Halloway’s house for dinner, then we’ll return for you.  Is that all right?”
“Ja,” Franz replied.
She kissed his cheek.  “Things will get better, Fro-Fro.”
He pondered the damage he did. He heard the carriage wheels crunch on the gravel behind him, getting farther away until it disappeared.  He never thought he could be a murderer, but here he was.  It would only be matter of time before everyone found out.  Every newspaper in London reported the fire, and the less reputable ones were speculating the fire was arson.  Franz wished his mess of a life was over.  He didn’t want to think about his fate when everyone began to suspect he did it.
He heard some voices from far away.  One was female, the other male, but he paid little attention to them.  Someone was walking in the grass, getting steadily closer to him.  The person stopped behind him, and put their hand on his shoulder.
“Franz?” 
He turned around, and saw someone he thought had long disappeared. There she was, though, looking more mature in a long black dress, and a matching black hat with a veil pulled over her face.
“I’m so sorry,” Caitlin said. “When Carl and I heard the news, we had to come.”
“Uhh-” 
“You can come back with us, and stay at our hotel,” she replied.
“We’ll pay for your room,” Carl offered.
“Nein...I mean no...I have other plans.”
“Are you certain?”  Carl asked.
“Yes, yes.”
“Would you like to be alone?”  Caitlin said.
“Yes.”
“All right, but we want to be see you sometime.  When will you have time?”
“I--I don’t know.”
“How about tomorrow, for breakfast?”
“Yes, I suppose I could do that.”
“Eight o’clock, at our hotel?”
“Yes, that will be good.”
“All right,” Caitlin said sadly. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
She hugged him.  Carl shook his hand.
“It’s good to see you again,” Carl said.
They turned around and walked toward an automobile.  Franz watched them until they left.  He never thought he would need a drink so badly.


Chapter 33--January 28


After spending the night wandering the streets of London, he showed up at the entrance of the hotel where Caitlin and Carl were staying.  The doorman refused to let him in, instead offering to summon Caitlin and Carl to the entrance.
“I’ll wait here,” Franz said in a slurred voice, “since I’m not good enough to go inside.”
The doorman glared at him and sent for Caitlin and Carl.  Franz noticed Caitlin was still wearing black, but her face wasn’t veiled like yesterday.  When she spotted Franz, she gasped quietly.
“What--What have you been doing?” she said, running up to him.
“What do you think!” he yelled. “I’ve been waiting for you!”
“Shhh...we’re in public.  For god sakes, you look like you’ve been rolling in the mud or something.  What did you do last night?”
 “I bought myself something to drink.  I couldn’t sleep so I just walked around and...things like that.”
“Lovely of you to show up this morning without changing,” Carl said, sounding agitated.
“Oh...so what!” Franz shouted.
“Calm down,” Caitlin ordered. “How about going upstairs and taking a bath? We’ll get your clothes laundered and order room service for you.”
“That’s fine,” he replied. “I just want to tell you that this hotel has a Scheißkopf for a doorman.”
“What’s that?” Caitlin asked.
“I don’t think you want to know,” Carl interjected. “Let’s go upstairs before we have an incident here.”
Franz didn’t feel quite as angry after he entered Carl’s and Caitlin’s room.  Caitlin drew the bath for him.  He would have fallen asleep in the bathtub if the voices of Carl and Caitlin talking about him didn’t arouse his interest.
“I’m so worried about Franz,” Caitlin said. “He’s not acting right at all.”
“Well, he’s just been through a terrible tragedy.  It’s probably normal for him to feel this way.  I’m certain he’ll recover in time.”
“Carl,” Caitlin replied, “I know this is going to sound just awful, but do you feel uh…relieved…about what happened?”
“I don’t know...well…yes, I am sort of relieved.  That sick man, along with his house, is gone, and no one is going to be threatened by him again.”
“Yeah, that’s how I feel.  It isn’t a good thing that happened at all, but it seems like almost a miracle that house burned down.”
“Yes, I believe so myself.   I think God chose the right people to take away from this earth.  It seems like the ultimate revenge to me.”
“I don’t want to talk about this anymore, Carl.”
“Me neither.  Let’s make a promise.  Not a single word about the Meyers’ and their house of horrors, ever.”
“I promise,” Caitlin replied. “Now, onto better things, like Franz.  You think he’s still alive in that bathroom?”
“I’m certain he is,” Carl said, and raised his voice. “Franz, are you still living in there?”
“Yes,” Franz replied.
“Are you enjoying it?”  Caitlin asked.
“Yes, I believe this is the biggest bathtub ever known to man.”
“Breakfast should be here in a few minutes, if you want to come out.”
“No, I’ll stay in here forever, and get all wrinkled up like a Backpflaume.”
“What’s that?” Caitlin asked.
“I don’t know!  Do I have to explain everything?”
“Don’t yell at me.  I was just asking.”
Franz heard a muffled sound of a door knock, then of a cart being wheeled in.
“Breakfast is here,” Carl announced. “I believe there’s a bathrobe hanging about in there.  Please put it on before you come out.”
The smell of sausage and eggs motivated Franz to leave the bathtub.  He joined Caitlin and Carl at a large oak table.  A sizeable window next to the table allowed the sunlight to fill in the room, and gave them an excellent view of Kensington Park.
Franz didn’t know how hungry he was until he started eating.  He devoured about twice as much as usual.  The coffee helped clear his head, and he felt less intoxicated.  
“I really haven’t done that much except help run the company,” Franz said, when Carl asked him what he did since last year.
“Didn’t you get married to Angèle?” Caitlin asked.  She seemed upset about it.
“Yes, I did,” Franz replied glumly. “It would have been a year next month.”
“I’m so sorry,” Caitlin replied.
“How is the business anyway?” Carl asked nervously.
Franz was relieved he changed the subject.  “Very well, I suppose,” he replied. “Last year, I moved back to Hamburg, and started running the plant there.”
“Which plant do you like better?”
“I don’t know.  They’re both about the same...hot and uncomfortable.”
“You don’t seem like you enjoy your work very much.”
“It’s work,” Franz said, beginning to feel irritated again.
“Why did you pursue the career you did, then?”
“Because I was forced to, is that a good enough answer for you?”
“Franz...it’s just a question,” Caitlin said.
“I’ve noticed you’ve gotten a little bitter about things since I last met you,” Carl remarked. “Was it married life that did it to you?”
“No,” Franz replied. “I’ve always been bitter.  I’m just better at hiding it when I’m not drinking.”
“Well, being married doesn’t help.  That’s why I’ll never do it.  Everyone I know ends up completely miserable.  It’s equivalent of having a leash around your neck.  I prefer to be free and unfettered myself.”
“I would like to get married,” Caitlin said so shyly it was out of character for her.
“Oh, you’re too young to be thinking of those sorts of things,” Carl admonished. “Besides, do you want to end up doing housework for the rest of your life?”
“No!  I’m not cleaning up after anyone except myself ever.”
“Well, you’ll be cleaning up after a husband and children if you do get married.  They won’t ever appreciate it either.”
“I’ll marry a rich man, so I can get myself maids and such to pick up after my mess.”
Carl burst out laughing.
“You are such a silly girl,” he said. “Isn’t she, Franz?”
“She can be,” Franz replied. “I was just wondering, what are you both doing?”
“I moved my practice to Manchester,” Carl replied, “and I’m basically doing the same sort of things that I’ve always done.  Caitlin here, she’s going to school.”
Franz was curious.  “Really?”
“Yeah...I mean yes,” Caitlin said. “I don’t have classes with the other students.  I have my own teacher.  It’s not bad, though.  Only thing I don’t like is the uniform.  It’s really ugly and picky-like.”
“What have you learned so far?” Franz asked.
“A lot of stuff...I can add and take away.  Now, I’m learning to multiply.  That’s a bit harder.  I got to read these stories out loud every day, and write down the words in them.  I have to practice speaking slow and proper-like, and I’ve got to learn all these rules about what’s the right thing to say, and what’s wrong to say.”
“I’ve noticed that your speech has improved since I last saw you.”
“The teacher says I’ve gotten better, but I still have to work on a few things.  She says that I have a working class accent and she wants to change it.”
“You’ll improve it soon enough,” Carl said. “At least it’s easier than learning to speak a whole new language.”
“Oh yeah...the teacher is making me speak French, too.  That’s the only thing I don’t like learning.  It has all these odd words that don’t sound like you say them.  Then she yells at me when I don’t say them right.  Well, it’s not my fault...those French people...they have a stupid way of saying things.  I told her about you, and how you’re German and I want to learn to speak to you.  I thought it would get me out of learning French, but no, now I got...I mean have to learn French, and German, too!  German is a lot worse than French!  It has all these little dots above the letters, and a fancy ‘b’ which isn’t a ‘b’ at all, and the words...they’re so bloody long!  I can’t say them right either.”
“You’ll improve,” Franz replied.  “You just have to be patient.”
“Tell him about your job,” Carl added.
“You work too?” Franz said.
“Yes, after school, I go to a tailor’s shop, where I’m a seamstress for a few hours every day.”
“Tell him about what happened last month,” Carl said.
“Oh, that.  Well, this odd-looking fellow came in and said he needed someone to make the costumes for a play he’s putting on.  The tailor was really busy, and didn’t have time to do the work himself, so he gave the job to me.  Well, the fellow liked the costumes so much, he hired me to do all costumes for his plays all the time.  He pays me a real lot, too.”
Suddenly, a knock sounded at the door.
“I’ll get that,” Carl said.
When he opened it, Franz could see it was a bellboy.
“Sorry to disturb you, but there’s a Miss Warholm waiting outside.” The bellboy said. “She was wondering if you knew where her nephew is.”
“I’ll go down and meet her,” Carl said, and then turned to Caitlin and Franz. “I’ll be back shortly.”
“All right, Carl,” Caitlin said.  She addressed Franz after Carl left. “I thought you were staying with your aunt.”
“I am,” Franz said, finishing the rest of his coffee. “Actually, we’re both guests at Lady Penelope’s house.”
“Well...why doesn’t she know where you are, then?”
“I didn’t return to the house last night.”
“You what? Franz!”
“I’m not a child, you know,” Franz said, feeling his irritation rise again.  “I’m almost twenty-two, so I don’t have to tell a single soul about where I’m going and how long I’m going to be...that includes my aunt.”
“Don’t get so angry.  I’m not lecturing you.  It’s just not a proper thing to do, especially after a funeral.”
“And you wrote the book on propriety, I suppose?”
“Well...of course not.  You know that I’ve done and said some really ugly things, but I’m learning to be a lady now.”
“Oh really?” Franz said. “Well, I’m just curious, my lady, you said you wanted to get married so...what is it that you’re looking for in a husband?”
“Ummm...I just want him to be a kind man.  I don’t want him to hit me or beat me.  That’s all.”
“Are you certain?  Don’t you want him to be rich...or good-looking?”
“I was just joshing about what I said before.  I don’t care if he’s rich or what he looks like at all.”
“I have to tell you something,” Franz said, barely above a whisper.
“What?” Caitlin asked, edging closer to him.
Franz looked down at his empty plate.  He almost made a huge mistake.
“Never mind,” he replied. “It was a silly thought.”
“No...please tell me.”
The door opened.
“Fro-Fro!” Aurelia yelled as she approached their table. “Where have you been?”
Franz sighed.  
She hit him on the shoulder.  “Don’t start that with me.  Why did you wander off from the cemetery when you knew we were coming back for you?”
“I don’t know,” Franz replied miserably.
“There must have been a reason.”
“No, I only...”
“Only what?”
“I wanted to get a drink.”
Aurelia sighed in disgust.  “After his wife’s funeral, he goes and gets himself drunk.  That’s exactly what your father did, and I ended up raising you for the first six years of your life.  I thought you would turn out better, but I guess not.”
Caitlin stared at them with an expression of utter confusion.  “Do you know where Carl is?” she asked.
“He had to go on...how do you say that word?”
“Errands,” Franz replied.
“Yes, errands,” she continued. “He said that he would be back in one hour.”
“Would you like some breakfast?” Caitlin asked.
“No, I have already eaten.”
“Some tea, then?”
“Yes...tea would be good,” Aurelia replied.
Caitlin poured her a fresh cup, and handed it to her.
“Would you like cream and sugar with that?”
“Just sugar...my, you are a perfect little servant.  Your father has taught you well.”
Caitlin giggled.  “You mean Carl?”
“Yes.”
“He’s not my father, just a friend.”
Aurelia looked confused.  “Why are you staying in one room?”
“Well...” Caitlin said, slightly embarrassed, “The hotel thinks we’re father and daughter, because we didn’t want to raise any eyebrows, but the real reason we’re in the same room is that I didn’t want to be by myself.”
“Tante,” Franz interrupted, “this is Caitlin.  The one I told you about.  Remember?”
Aurelia gasped.  “Really?  You didn’t tell me that she was so wunderschön, though!  Why didn’t you marry her instead?”
“You know why, Tante,” Franz whispered in German.
“Oh yes, I forgot about that.  I’m glad that she’s safe now.  Whatever happened to her baby?  Does she still have it?”
“I don’t think so.  I believe it died.”
“Nein!”
“It’s unfortunate, but at least she didn’t die too.”
“You have to marry her, Franz.”
“Was!  Don’t you think it’s a little too soon for that?”
“Not now, Fro-Fro.  I mean later, but you could start courting her now.”
Franz shook his head.  “No, I won’t do that.  Besides, she’s not even fifteen yet.”
“Your grandmother was married at fifteen, and there was no problem.  She’s more than old enough to start looking for a husband.”
“Tante, that was almost sixty years ago.”
Aurelia crossed her arms.  “So what?  Things aren’t all that different.  You told me you really loved Caitlin.  Have you changed your mind now?”
“Of course not-”
“Then why don’t you marry her then?”
“Um...” Caitlin said, “if you don’t mind, I was just wondering what you both we’re saying.”
“I am sorry,” Aurelia replied. “I am more used to talking in German.  I forget that you don’t understand.  We were talking about you, weren’t we, Franz?”
“Yes,” Franz replied. “She didn’t know who you were at first until I told her.  She’s very happy to finally meet you.”
“I am,” she confirmed. “I am so happy that you are safe, and no one is hurting you.”
“Thank you,” Caitlin replied. “I am too.  It sort of odd now, but I hardly think about it anymore.  It seems like a long, long time ago, even though it isn’t.  I was glad to get out of that house, but I was real sad, too, because I missed Franz.”
Aurelia tapped Franz on the leg and nodded sagely.  He shook his head.
“Now you get to see him again,” Aurelia replied.
“Yes, I never thought I would either.” Caitlin said. “Not for years and years, if ever.  It’s sort of nice, because I was starting to forget what he looked like.  I didn’t have a picture of him or nothing.”
Aurelia’s eyes suddenly widened.  “That is what we can do!”
“What?” Caitlin asked.
“We can have our pictures taken!  It’s been a long time since I did that.”
“That’s a good idea,” Caitlin said. “Wouldn’t you like to have your picture taken, Franz?”
“Yes, but there’s one problem,” he replied. “I don’t have any clothes.”
“I was going to ask you that,” Aurelia said. “Where are they?”
“When he showed up this morning, they were a bit soiled, so I took them down to get them laundered,” Caitlin said.
“Then I will come back tomorrow with new clothes for you, and we can all have our picture taken.”
Franz put his head in his hands.  A wave of nausea suddenly overcame him.  “I think I’m going to throw up,” he said in German.
“Don’t do it here,” Aunt Aurelia replied. “Go to the bathroom.”
“Danke,” Franz said sarcastically. “That is the best advice I’ve ever heard.”
“Are you going to be all right?”  Caitlin asked. “You’re starting to look a bit pale.”
“Yes, I think so,” Franz replied.
“I have to go now,” Aurelia said. “You take care of him, Caitlin.”
“I will,” Caitlin replied.  Franz noticed out of the corner of his eye that she had a very wide smile.
After Aurelia said good-bye and left, Caitlin moved closer to Franz.
“Now, what was it that you were going to tell me before your aunt came?”
“It was nothing.  Just some silly thing that’s not important at all.”
She put an arm around his shoulders.  “If it’s so silly, I suppose it wouldn’t hurt if you told me, then.”
“No, I can’t tell you.”
“Why not?”
“Because...I just can’t.”
“You’re afraid, aren’t you?”
“I’m not afraid of anything.”
She moved closer to him.  “I think I know what you were going to ask me, and I just want you to know that is what I want, too.  It’s a really bad time right now to think about doing anything about it, but someday it won’t be.  Whenever that time comes, I promise I’ll be waiting for you.”
“Uh...” Franz groaned, feeling his stomach turn yet again.
She stroked his back.
“Oh my lord, you’re shaking like a leaf.  You really are feeling bad, aren’t you?”
“Yes,” Franz gasped. “I think I ate too much.”
“I suppose the drinking didn’t help either.”
“Probably not.”
“I was wondering, how much did you drink last night?”
“Oh...I don’t know.  I remember buying a bottle of rum, but I am really not certain how much I drank of it.”
“I think you got a little problem with that, Franz.”
“No, I don’t...Gott!”
“What’s wrong?”
He ran into the bathroom.  A few minutes later, he emerged, feeling light-headed and weak.
“Are you all right?” Caitlin asked, running up to him.
“Yes,” he said, wiping the sweat off his forehead.
“Lay down,” she said, directing him to the twin-sized bed.
He sat down slowly, holding his stomach.
“Are you still sick?” she asked.
“No, I don’t think so.  I’m just a bit sore.”
“Oh you poor thing,” she said as she stroked his hair. “This has been a hard week for you, hasn’t it?”
“It has been a hard life for me, but lately it has gotten much worse.”
“I’ll make it better,” she said, and without warning bent over and kissed him firmly on the mouth.  He didn’t push her away, even though he should have.  Instead, he reached out and touched her velvet dress.  She gained weight since he last saw her, and she was shapely now.  Her lips were softer and warmer than he ever imagined, and it was hard for him not to want all of her.  A few minutes later, she pulled away.
“I’m sorry,” she said, as she put a wisp of hair from her French knot back into place. “I shouldn’t have done that.”
“No, it wasn’t right at all,” Franz admitted, “but I enjoyed it.”
Caitlin laughed softly.  “That’s how I feel too.”


Chapter 34


Aurelia stopped by the next morning with a fresh change of clothes for Franz.  They had awoken only a half hour before and were ordering breakfast.  Franz invited his aunt to share breakfast with them and she obliged.  As they ate, Aurelia was so deep in conversation with Caitlin she barely listened when Franz told her he would have to skip having his portrait taken because he had to get a few things concerning the will sorted out.  That was a big relief to him, because he hated getting his picture taken and he thought his aunt would be annoyed with him.  Now, he had to think about what he was going to do with Caitlin.  Getting her portrait taken probably wouldn’t take quite as long as all the legal details concerning the will.  Fortunately, it seemed as if Carl read his mind because he brought up the same subject immediately after Franz thought about it.
“I have some important business to discuss with Franz concerning Henry Meyer’s will,” Carl said. “I don’t know what you want to do, Caitlin.  We could pick you up at the portrait studio after you’re done, but I think you’re going be terribly bored if you stay with us.”
“She can come with me,” Aurelia offered.  “After we get our picture taken, we can go shopping.”
“Yeah,” Caitlin said, nodding eagerly. “I’ll do that.”
Franz found it hard to part with Caitlin again.  After they said good-bye at the hotel, he watched the taxi drive away with her and his aunt inside it.   Caitlin stuck her head out the window, and waved to him joyfully.  She blew him a kiss before the taxi turned a corner and disappeared.  Carl had to tap him on the shoulder to get his attention.
When they returned to the hotel room, Franz was still thinking of Caitlin. It was hard to concentrate on the very important but dull business of Herr Meyer’s will.
“Is everything in order?” Franz asked, as Carl laid out various papers.
Carl chuckled slightly.  “Uh, not really.  I paid a visit to Henry Meyer’s new solicitor, and he told me about the changes he made in his will just a few months before he passed away.  Are you aware of that?”
Franz considered how he should answer this.  He hated lying, but in this situation he felt it was the necessary thing to do.  “No,” he replied, “I don’t remember him telling me of any changes he made to it.”
“Well...as you probably know, he was courting Miss Bede Gordon, and had married her just before he died.  The day before they became engaged, he had decided to leave all his assets, including the company, to her.  Of course, Miss Gordon also passed away in the fire, leaving no will herself.  According to English law, the assets she would have obtained at Henry Meyer’s death would be given to her next of kin that being her parents.  Now, either we can leave matters as is, or we can contest the will in court.  It’s completely up to you.”
“I pick the latter,” Franz said. “I don’t believe that will was valid, because Herr Meyer was very sick in the last months of his life.  The last time I saw him, it was very obvious that he had dementia.  I think he was unduly influenced by Bede.”
Carl smiled wryly.  “Good choice.  I think this will be a rather easy battle.  Even Mr. Eberhardt, Henry’s new lawyer, agrees with me.  Also, I talked to a few of Henry’s doctors and they all said they would be more than willing to testify on our behalf that Henry was not capable of making his own decisions at the end of his life.”
“I think before we do that,” Franz suggested, “we should offer the Gordon’s a flat settlement.  By doing that, they probably won’t protest the will as strongly as they would have if we had just taken them to court.”
“Very good, Franz,” Carl said, taking a pen out of his attaché. “I ought to write that one down.  Perhaps we could pay a visit to them today.”
“You have their address?”
“Yes, I do.”
“Maybe we should do that first, so we’ll have an idea on where we stand.”
A half hour later, they were on the other side of London.  Bede’s parents lived in a crumbling brick building that seemed to be standing by the will of God.  The water-damaged wallpaper inside the dark entranceway was peeling off, and the plank wood flooring was warped in places.  There was also the slight odor of rubbish along with a strange fish smell.  Wearing a brand new three-piece suit, Franz felt very out of place.
Carl knocked on the door with the number thirty-three painted on it, and moments later a short, tired-looking woman with light blond hair answered.  It occurred to Franz that he had helped kill this woman’s child, and a huge weight of guilt came down upon him again.  He shook it off by thinking of Matilda and Ada, two innocent people whose interests he had to protect.
“Hello,” Carl said. “Are you Mrs. Gordon?”
“Yes, I am,” she replied, looking intimidated by the two well-dressed men.
“It’s lovely to meet you,” Carl said, extending his hand.  Very reluctantly, the woman shook it. “I’m Carl Holden, and this is my client, Franz Warholm.  Franz is Henry Meyer’s son-in-law.  We’re here to discuss the terms of Henry Meyer’s will, and would like to work out a deal with you.”
Mrs. Gordon’s eyes grew fearful.  “I didn’t do nothing wrong, did I?” she said.
“No, you didn’t,” Carl replied. “There is just a financial matter that we have to sort out, and we need your family’s input.”
She nodded.  “Very well.  You can come in if you like.”
They entered the very small, but surprisingly well decorated flat.  Mrs. Gordon led them to the large sofa, and served them tea.
Carl explained the terms of the new will.  Mrs. Gordon looked devastated when Carl told her she would be inheriting over a million pounds in assets, including a very profitable company.  
“Are you certain that’s...real?” she said. “I mean, it don’t seem possible.”
“It is,” Carl replied. “Obviously your daughter never told you that she was in line to inherit all of this.”
“N-no,” Mrs. Gordon replied. “She just said that she was marrying Mr. Meyer because he was lonely and sick.  She didn’t say she was getting all that money for it.”
“Here’s the problem,” Franz said. “When my father-in-law drew up that will, he was suffering from a brain disease that seriously impaired his reasoning ability.  You see, he had other servants besides Bede, and family too.  I think it is only fair that they receive money also.”
She nodded.  “Yeah, I suppose it is only fair.”
“But,” Carl said, “since Bede was Henry Meyer’s wife, we think that your family should get a larger amount than was stated in the previous will.  Would you accept fifty thousand pounds?”
Mrs. Gordon’s eyes bulged at this statement.
“Um...gladly,” she said. “I think that is more than enough for us.”
Carl bore a very restrained grin. “Very well, then,” he said. “All you need to do is sign a few papers.  The money will be placed in an escrow account at Barclays Bank as soon as we get this matter cleared up in court.”
“You mean...I can go to the bank and take this money out whenever I want?”
“I will notify you when it will be available, and, yes, when that happens, that is precisely what you can do.”
Mrs. Gordon signed all the papers, and shook hands with Carl and Franz.  It was probably more money than several generations of Gordons earned in their lifetimes, and now she was receiving it in one lump sum.
“I must say that I’m terribly sorry for your loss,” Franz said sincerely to her before he and Carl left. “I know exactly what you had to go through, and though I know no amount of money will be able to bring back your daughter, but I hope it will help, even if it’s just a little bit.”
Tears appeared in Mrs. Gordon’s eyes.  “Thank you,” she replied. “You’re very kind.”
“You should have been a lawyer,” Carl said, when they entered Carl’s car.
Franz laughed.  “I don’t think that would have been possible.  My father would have murdered me before I graduated from law school.”
“He doesn’t like lawyers?”
“No, not at all.”
Carl sniffed. “If you don’t mind me saying this, he sounds like an extremely annoying little bastard.”
“I’m glad someone agrees with me,” Franz replied. “May I ask you something, Carl?”
“Of course.”
“Did that discussion with Mrs. Gordon seem much too easy?”
“Yes,” Carl replied, “but I knew it would be.  She’s poor, and she didn’t seem terribly educated.  I think the fact that you appeared amicable and persuasive helped.”
“I don’t know,” Franz said. “I have a feeling something is going to go wrong.”
“Don’t worry,” Carl replied. “Everyone is on your side.  I would be surprised if we have any problems at all getting this matter settled.  Actually, we have already conquered the biggest hurtle.  It should be all downhill from now on.”


Chapter 35


Franz was about to bid farewell to Carl at the entrance to the hotel when a man in a tweed jacket approached them.
“Good day,” he said. “Do you know where I can find a Mr. Franz Warholm?”
“That’s me,” Franz replied.
The man extended his hand and Franz shook it.  “I’m glad to finally meet you, Mr. Warholm.  You’ve been very difficult to locate these past few days.”
“I’ve been extremely busy,” Franz explained.
“I’ve noticed that,” The man said, and then took out a wallet-sized badge out from underneath his jacket. “My name is Maurice Danby.  I’m with Scotland Yard.  We would like to question you about the fire at 234 Thorleigh Street.”
A very sick feeling entered Franz’s stomach.  “May I ask why?”
“Yes…the firemen thought the fire was unusually hot and was more difficult to extinguish than they expected.  They were suspicious that there could be a probability of arson, so they brought in dogs that could sniff out petrol, among other chemicals.  Well, they discovered a large amount of petrol in the area where the upstairs hallway and stairwell would have been, including the charred remains of a metal container.  There was some on the outside, also.  Right now, we’re attempting to question everyone that was in the house and vicinity that night.”
Franz felt sweat under his arms and down his back.  He tried to keep his calm, though.
“Very well,” Franz replied. “I’ll try to help you in any way I can.”
“Do you want me to come?” Carl asked, concern on his face.
“It’s not necessary,” Franz said. 
The officer escorted him into his vehicle and drove him to the Scotland Yard.  He led him down a long hallway into a stark white room with a metal table and two chairs across from each other.  An uncovered light bulb swung on a cord in the middle of it all.  The room reminded Franz of a prison cell.
The officer directed Franz to a seat.
“Do you want any coffee or tea?” Mr. Danby asked casually.
“No, thank you,” Franz replied.
“Well, let’s get down to business, then,” The officer said.  He slid into his seat opposite Franz.  He grabbed the notepad and pen on the table and wrote.  He looked up at Franz again.  “First, I want to ask about the fire.  When do you remember first becoming aware of it?”
“I was sleeping,” Franz said. “I’m not certain what time it was, but I remember waking up during the night, and smelling this very strong odor of smoke.”
“What did you do next?”
“I got up and I approached the door.  I felt the knob to see if it was hot.  It wasn’t, so I opened the door.  It was then that a thick cloud of black smoke entered my room.  I couldn’t see anything beyond that, so I kept close to the wall, and I tried to yell to wake everyone upstairs.”
“Did anyone wake up?”
“I don’t know, Mr. Danby.  I didn’t hear anyone.”
“If I may interrupt you, I noticed that you didn’t bother to wake up your wife before you went out into the hallway.  Why not?”
“That’s because my wife wasn’t in the same room as I was.”
The officer’s reddish eyebrows raised in interest.  “Oh, I see.  If you don’t mind, may I ask why you were not in the same room as your wife?  Do you normally sleep in separate bedrooms?”
“No, “ Franz replied. “We had quarreled that particular night.”
“What was the quarrel about?”
“I prefer not to answer that question.”
While the officer’s face remained impassive, his ruddy complexion grew redder.
“Well,” he said very slowly, “I prefer that you do.  So, Mr. Warholm, what were you and your wife arguing about?”
“We were arguing about...I wanted a divorce and she didn’t.”
The officer frowned deeply.  He looked down and scribbled a few more notes.
“Interesting.  Exactly why did you want to divorce her?  I’ve seen pictures of her and I must say she was an extremely attractive woman.”
“She was,” Franz agreed. “The reason is that we weren’t getting along at all, and she was cheating on me in my own home.”
“What a pity,” The officer said, a touch of condescension in his voice. “Did you confront her with this fact?”
“Mr. Danby,” Franz said, becoming increasingly frustrated. “What does my relationship with my wife have to do with the fire?”
“I’m the officer,” Mr. Danby said sternly. “I ask the questions, you answer them.  Now, I’ll say it again, did you confront your wife with the fact that she was cheating on you?”
“Yes.”
“What did she say in response?”
“She admitted it.”
“Did she give permission to the divorce?”
“No.”
“Why not?  She was obviously in love with someone else.”
“Yes, but she told me she would never divorce me because that would ruin her reputation in society.”
The officer nodded.  “Probably true enough.  Now, going back a little bit, how long had you been married?”
“Eleven months.  Almost a year.”
“Then you were newlyweds?”
“Yes, you could say that.”
“It’s odd that your relationship fell apart so quickly.  How long had you been courting her?”
“Not...not long.  Only about two months.”
The officer shook his head.  “Well, let’s get on to another subject.  How was your relationship with your father-in-law?”
“It was good, I suppose.”
“How long did you know each other?”
“I knew of him for a long while, but I didn’t meet him until I came to work at the MMW plant in London.  That was in August of 1910.”
“What were your first impressions of him?”
“Oh...I don’t know...he was a good, strong man.  He had a lot of power.”
“I’m glad that you touched upon that subject of power.  Did he have power over you?”
“What do you mean?”
“Did he control your life, that’s what I’m asking.”
“N-no...I don’t think so.”
“Did he ever threaten you?”
“No.”
“Do you think he had power over others?”
“What others?”
“His employees, for example.  The people that lived in his house, his family, et cetera...”
“Of course,” Franz replied. “He was their employer.  I don’t know about his family, though.  Are you asking me if he abused his power?”
“Yes, precisely.”
“I don’t think so.”
“Well...I’m not sure I should tell you this, but several of his employees were interviewed.  The ones at the MMW plant that spoke kindly of him called him overbearing, the ones that didn’t called him words that I dare not repeat.  Does that surprise you?”
“Umm...yes, a little.”
“Also, I interviewed some of his servants, notably a Mrs. Ada Schuhmacher, and a Miss Matilda James.  Both admitted that they had been afraid of him at times.  Are you surprised by that, too?”
“Uh...yes, he seemed to be fond of his servants, at least to me.”
“Did you ever know a Mr. Clement Roland?”
“No, I’m afraid not.”
“Does his name sound familiar?”
“No, it doesn’t.”
The officer cleared his throat.  “Well, Mr. Clement Roland was your father-in-law’s chauffeur.  He drove their carriage and cared for their horses for ten years, and when they bought an automobile, he maintained and drove that.  He was last seen on the twelfth of July, 1910, a month before you said you arrived.  He entered the Meyer residence that morning, and apparently never came out again.  When we interviewed Mr. Meyer a week later, he insisted that Mr. Roland had went home at his usual hour, though no one had witnessed him doing this.  Were you aware of these facts?”
“No, I’m afraid not,” Franz replied.
“Also, were you aware that several other people that were employed by Mr. Meyer have mysteriously disappeared throughout the years?”
“I don’t know...I think I recall hearing rumors though.”
“Really?  By whom?”
“I don’t really know their names, but they were Herr Meyer’s friends and colleagues.”
“What exactly were the rumors about?”
“They said...that they thought he had killed some people, and...”
“And what?”
Franz swallowed hard.  He shouldn’t have said anything more.
The officers green eyes darkened.  “And what?”
“It’s nothing,” Franz replied. “I didn’t hear anything else.”
Mr. Danby leaned back in his chair.
“I’ve just noticed something,” the officer said. “When you refer to your father-in-law, you call him ‘Herr Meyer’.  Now, I don’t know German, but I assume ‘Herr’ is their word for ‘Mister’, is it not?”
“Yes,” Franz replied.
“So, you call your father-in-law Mr. Meyer instead of referring to him on a first name basis, like all his other relatives do.”
Franz shrugged his shoulders.  “Yes, but I don’t see where there is a problem.”
“Did you ever call him Henry?”
“No.”
The officer nodded, and stared at the wall opposite where they were sitting.  His thick fingers were toying with the pen.  Franz suspected he was playing some kind of trick on him.
“Mr. Warholm,” the officer said, in a surprisingly friendly tone, “if you heard the rumors, you probably know that we’ve been investigating Henry Meyer for a number of years, yes?”
“I’ve heard that.”
“Of course, we weren’t able to get very far in our investigation, because we were unable to find hard evidence that Henry Meyer had committed any crime.  Another thing that didn’t help was that he also had a very skilled, well-connected lawyer on his side--Mr. Carl Holden, actually.  It didn’t escape my notice that you were with him before I brought you in for questioning.  Is he your lawyer now?”
Franz was quickly losing patience.  “I don’t know.  He’s helping me with Herr Meyer’s will.”
“Oh yes, the will.  What are the terms of that will, by the way?”
“What do you mean?  How it is now?”
“Yes.”
“It had been changed a few months ago.  He left Bede Gordon everything.”
“You had been cut out?”
“No, I wasn’t even in the will to begin with.”
“What were the terms of the will before it was changed?”
“I’m not certain, but it is my understanding that it was going to be distributed evenly among his servants and family.  Also, whoever was managing the Hamburg plant at the time would then take over Herr Meyer’s job, but wouldn’t receive any extra money or ownership of the company.  I believe the company would be owned by Frau Meyer then Angèle would own it when she passed away.”
Mr. Danby smiled wryly.  “So, who would own it when Angèle passed away?”
“I don’t know,” Franz replied, “but I assume it would be me.”
“So, you, Mr. Franz Warholm, get in good favor with Henry Meyer, marry his daughter, even though you can’t stand her, and a year later, they just happen to perish in a fire, and you stand to inherit millions.  Don’t you think that’s kind of strange?”
Franz could feel the heat rising to his face.  His hands were clenched in fists so tight that he could feel his nails digging into his skin.  “What are you suggesting, Mr. Danby?  Do you think I did it?”
“Well...” the officer replied, making it sound like it was obvious, “you’ve got a lot of reasons.  Your father-in-law was a megalomaniac and a suspected murderer, your wife was unfaithful, and a lowly servant was about to take everything away from you.  Yes, Mr. Warholm, you are one of our main suspects, because you’re the one who would benefit the most from these deaths.  I just want to warn you now that we are going to be watching your movements very carefully, so don’t pull a runner on us like two of our other suspects have.”
Franz knew if he didn’t leave soon, he would lose all self-control and appear even more suspicious.  “I didn’t do it,” Franz declared, standing up. “You don’t know anything about me, and you have no right to assume that I would kill anyone.  I have a lot of things to do today, sir, so I’d very much like to leave now.”
“Suit yourself,” the officer said. “Your little friends will tell me everything once we catch up with them.  Well, I’ve had enough of you for today anyhow, so you’re free to leave.”
Franz glared at the officer and stomped out of the room.  He was in trouble, but he refused to let anyone beat him down.  Even if he had to protect Herr Meyer in the process, he was determined not to betray Cook and Dana, nor go to prison himself.


Chapter 36


Franz returned to the hotel where he had left Carl.  He was in the lobby reading a newspaper.  When he looked up and saw Franz, his expression grew concerned. 
“How was it?”  Carl asked.
“Not good,” Franz replied as he approached Carl. “The police are suspicious of me.  They think I started the fire.”
Carl sighed and shook his head.
“I knew I should have been there with you,” he said.
“I don’t think it would have helped,” Franz replied. “It would have made me look more suspicious, if anything.  Do you know that the officer mentioned your name?”
“He did?”
“Yes, he was wondering why I was with you.”
“What did you tell him?”
“I told him that you were helping me with the will.”
Carl stood up.  “Let’s go to a pub and have a drink.”
They both ordered a fifth of scotch, and Franz told Carl everything that happened while he was at Scotland Yard.
“It’s too bad that Myles and Dana ran off like that.  When the police catch up with them, they’re going to pay,” Carl said. “It also puts added pressure on you.  You did very well today, Franz, but I must advise you not to lose your temper like you said you nearly did.  That’s what they want you to do, because they assume in the heat of moment you’ll confess.  Also, don’t let them talk you into making a confession, no matter what they promise or threaten you with.  Believe me, they’ll try everything to get you to cave in.  Even if they convince Myles and Dana to make statements against you, keep declaring your innocence.  There’s no chance to muck up here.”
“I understand,” Franz replied.
“And also, the next time the police call you in for questioning, which I’m certain they will, I want to be there.”
“Fair enough,” Franz said. “I suppose that makes you my attorney now.”
“Yes, I suppose it does,” Carl replied. “Would you like to shake hands to that?”
“All right,” Franz said.
They reached across the table and shook hands.
“I think you’re a very good solicitor, Mr. Holden,” Franz replied.
“Thank you,” Carl said. 


Chapter 37--February 20


At the probate court, the will was cleared up in less than thirty minutes.  Carl presented the facts, along with medical reports to back up his claims that Heinrich Meyer was not mentally capable of making such changes. The judge agreed and nullified it.  He also gave everything Franz and Carl asked for.  The surviving servants were given their share, Lady Halloway received Victoria Meyer’s portion, and Franz obtained Angèle’s money, including, based on an agreement between Franz and Lady Halloway, complete ownership of MMW.
“What are you gonna do with that whole big company?”  Caitlin asked him as they left the courtroom.
“I’m not certain yet,” Franz said.  Actually, he didn’t want the company at all.  It was a huge responsibility, but Penelope Halloway didn’t want it either, so what was he to do?
“You’ll have to move here, I suppose,” Caitlin replied, her eyes lighting up. “Then we can visit you.”
“Would you like to go to dinner?” Carl suggested.
“Yeah!” Caitlin replied.
“All right,” Franz said.
“Are you okay?” Caitlin asked him.
“Yes,” Franz replied.
“You don’t look very well.”
“He probably needs a good meal.  I don’t know about the both of you, but I’m starving,” Carl said.
They went to an elegant restaurant across from the courthouse.  Carl and Franz ordered fish, while Caitlin had a steak big enough to feed all of them.  They talked about Franz’s future plans.
“What are you going to do first?” Caitlin asked.
“I have no idea,” Franz replied. “There’s so many things that need to be done, I can’t keep them straight in my head right now.”
“You have to sort out where you’re going to live,” Carl said. “At least most of the time.”
“I don’t know where I’m going to live.”
“Do you want to stay in Hamburg?”
“Yes, I suppose,” Franz replied.  He could see the disappointment in Caitlin’s face.
“Well, then, stay in Hamburg,” Carl said. “There really is no law stating that you have to live here, but you have to get someone to run the London plant.”
Franz could feel the beginnings of a very painful headache.  He had to tell someone how he really felt.
“Carl...I don’t want the company.”
“What?” Carl replied.
“I don’t want the company.  I don’t think I am capable of running it.  When I was at the Hamburg plant, I felt as if I had no idea what I was doing.  Besides, I’ve always hated working for MMW.  It’s something my father forced me to do, and I don’t want to work there anymore.”
Carl put down his fork.  “What do you want instead?”
“I want...I want to write.”
“Well, I’m absolutely gobsmacked.  Why didn’t you tell anyone this before?”
“I don’t know,” Franz said painfully.
“I can understand not wanting to work for the company, but it’s a gold mine!  Why would you want to get rid of it?”
“I know about all the money, and what a good company it is,” Franz said. “I just don’t want it.”
“You can do whatever you want, Franz,” Caitlin said. “You don’t have to keep the company if you don’t want to.”
“What are you going to do with it, then?” Carl asked.
“I know what he can do!” Caitlin piped up. “He can give it to his family!”
“I never thought of that,” Franz said. 
“Caitlin is always full of good ideas,” Carl replied, looking at her proudly.
 “See, you got one problem all sorted out already,” Caitlin said.
“Yes, now I only have several others to see to,” Franz said, trying to smile in spite of the growing headache, which now felt like an earthquake inside his head.
Later on, he returned to his newly booked hotel room, which was on the floor above where Caitlin and Carl were staying.  It took him hours to get to sleep, and when he did, he relived the nightmare of that fire over and over.
He woke up, feeling on fire himself.  Instead, his pillow was drenched in sweat.  He felt his forehead and it was extremely hot.  The influenza virus was spreading rapidly and he knew it had finally caught up with him.  He tried to fall back to sleep but couldn’t.  After staring at the ceiling for over an hour, he decided the only thing that would help his condition was vodka.
Another hour had passed, and the bottle he bought that day was half empty.  He felt he was sufficiently drunk and ready to go to sleep.  Then, someone knocked quietly on the door.
“What is it!” he shouted, feeling very irritated. “Don’t you know it’s four o’ clock in the morning!”
“I know,” Caitlin replied. “I didn’t mean to wake you.  I just needed to talk to you alone.  Can I come in?”
“All right,” Franz said groggily, putting on his glasses, and forcing himself from bed.  He staggered about, feeling dizzy, but managed to get to the door.
Caitlin stared at him with utter shock.
“Franz...you look awful!”
“Thank you,” Franz replied sarcastically.
“No, you really do!  Your face is all pasty white, and your eyes...they’re redder than red!  You better lie down.”
“That’s what I was doing before you knocked.”
“I didn’t know you were so sick.  Do you have the flu?”
“Yes, I think I do.”
“Well, lie down on your bed.  It probably isn’t the right time to tell you what I’m planning to do, but I don’t think I’ll get another chance.”
Franz walked over to his bed and collapsed.  Caitlin touched his forehead.
“Oh my lord!” she shouted. “You’re burning up!”
“So what?” Franz replied.
“I’ll get you a wet cloth,” she said, ignoring his remark.
She came back and patted the cloth on his head.
“Now, doesn’t that feel better?”
He couldn’t help but admit the truth.  “Yes, it does.  So, what were you going to tell me?”
She paused.  “Well...Carl told me that we’re leaving tomorrow, but...I don’t want to go with him.”
“Why not?” Franz asked.
“I want to be with you,” she blurted.
“You can’t be with me,” Franz replied.
“I know...but that’s how I feel.” She turned her head away.  “I suppose you don’t have the same feelings as I do.”
“You don’t know that,” he said.
She wiped her eyes with the back of her hand.  “I don’t think you do,” she said, “otherwise you would’ve said something by now.”
The drink combined with his sickness made Franz frustrated.
“What do you want me to say?” he said.
“I wanted you to say...oh, forget it.  It doesn’t matter anymore.”
Franz cursed under his breath.  “How am I supposed to know what to say when you won’t tell me?”
“You would know what to say if you felt the same way I did.”
Franz finally understood.  “I know what you want.  You want me to tell you that I am in love in you.  Is that it?”
She bit down on her lip.
“That’s it,” Franz said.
Finally, she nodded.
“I don’t know if this will make you feel any better, but...I’m totally, completely in love with you.  When we were apart, there wasn’t a day that passed that I didn’t think about you.  Does that make you feel better?”
“Yeah, I suppose it does.  Do you still feel that way?”
“Of course, yes.”
“Then why don’t you want to be with me?”
“Caitlin...I want to, but I can’t.”
“I don’t understand.”
“I have a lot of problems now.  I have so many things to sort out. I don’t know where to start.  Besides, the police believe I was involved in the fire.  I wouldn’t be surprised if they arrested me any day now.”
“You don’t have to have those problems,” she said.
“What are you talking about?” Franz asked.
“We could run off together,” Caitlin said, looking like she was on the verge of smiling. “You could leave all your problems behind.”
“What?  I can’t do that.”
“Why?”
“Well...there’s the company, and if I run off now, the police will be convinced that I’m guilty.  What about you?  You’re going to school, you have a job, and...what about Carl?”
“I just want to be with you.  I think Carl would understand that.”
Franz shook his head.  “I can’t do that.”
Caitlin’s eyes grew sad.  “Don’t you want to be happy, Franz?”
“Yes, but that’s not going to happen as long as I live.”
“It could,” Caitlin replied, “if we ran away together.  You wouldn’t have your father telling you what to do.  You could be a writer like you want, and we would be together.”
Franz sighed.  “Caitlin, the police would find me and throw me in prison.”
“I know a place where they would never find us.”
“Where exactly is that?”
“America.”
“That’s very far away!”
“Yes,” Caitlin replied. “It is, and looked in an atlas in school and it looked far bigger than England, maybe even bigger than Europe.  No one would ever find us there.”
“The police could track us down by the ship records, among other things.”
“Not if those records don’t have our real names on it.”
“What?  You didn’t-”
Caitlin smiled.  “I’ve been planning this for a while, Franz.”
Franz was shocked.  “You just assumed that I was going along with you?”
“Well...I thought you might like to.  I really want us to be together.”
“What if I don’t go with you?”
“Then this is good-bye.  I won’t ever be seeing you again.  I don’t want that, but if you don’t come with me, I don’t have a choice.”
“I can’t believe you’re doing this to me.”
“I’m not doing nothing to you.”
“You’re making me choose-”
“You don’t have to go with me.  You can stay here and be miserable.”
“No!  I’ll go with you.  I’ll have to devil to pay if something goes wrong, but I suppose it doesn’t matter.”
Caitlin gave him a hug.  “Nothing’ll go wrong,” she said. “I have everything we need in my coat, including money.  I’ll help you get dressed, then we can leave.  From this day on, we won’t have any problems anymore.”


Chapter 38


The next day, Franz took as much money as he could from Angèle’s savings account that had his name added to it just after they were married.  Then, very late that night, they left, luggage and all.  Franz thought slipping away to America was mad, but if he could get away with it, it was worth trying.  Since there were no taxis or trains at that time of night, they had to walk.  Franz didn’t want to wait in a train station either, for fear a police officer would spot him.  Soon it was daylight and they weren’t even outside London.  Franz noticed his flu symptoms were worsening.  His nose was blocked up and his throat felt like sandpaper.  He was also slightly nauseous.  He hoped he could keep that at bay.
Franz noticed Caitlin’s expression brightened when a large brick building fenced in by a wrought iron gate appeared.  
“Oh, that’s the convent!” Caitlin shouted.
Franz was too ill to share her enthusiasm.  “What convent?”
“That building over there.  Lady of Our Sanctuary.  Maybe we should pop in for a visit.”
“I don’t think that would be a wise idea.”
“Why not?”
“Because,” Franz replied, his voice raspy, “I’m a fugitive from the law, and you’re helping me escape.  I don’t think the sisters would approve.”
“Probably not,” Caitlin said, a slight smile on her face, “but it would be a jolly bit of fun, though.  Fugitives from the law, hiding out in a convent.”
“I don’t think so,” Franz said.
“Ohh…” Caitlin replied, “I wish I could see Meg for one last time, though.  I want to tell her how I’m doing.”
“We’ll write her a letter when we get to America.  I mean...you’ll write her a letter.”
“Yeah!  I’ll write her a letter.  You know, I’ve never told anyone this, but I couldn’t write at all when you met me.  Didn’t even know how to spell my name.  Can you believe that?  When I had to sign my name, I’d put a big C with a bunch of little squiggles.  Now, since I’ve been to school, I can spell my first and last name.  C-A-I-T-L-I-N-H-A-D-L-E-Y...see?  I can spell it really nice and neat on paper, too.”
“That’s impressive,” Franz said sincerely. “You’re a fast learner.”
“I can spell other words, too,” Caitlin replied proudly. “I’ve been gettin’ quite smart lately, if I say so myself.”
An hour later, they were tired and Caitlin was hungry, so they stopped at a restaurant for breakfast.  Franz didn’t want to risk being seen too much.  They took care to walk mostly on roads where few automobiles traveled, and certainly not when the ground was wet as it was. 
The waitress didn’t take much notice of them, though her eyebrows raised when Caitlin ordered the ‘King-Sized Special’.  Franz had no appetite, so he ordered a coffee.
“Aren’t you gonna eat anything?” Caitlin asked.
“No,” Franz said weakly.
“You’re not gettin’ sicker, are you?”
“Yes, I’m afraid so.”
“Maybe we should stop by a chemist and get you some medicine?”
“No, anything they would give me would put me to sleep.  I think a large, stiff drink would help, though.”
“Isn’t too early for that?” Caitlin said. “Besides, I think you drink a little too much.  Carl mentioned it to me and I have to agree with him.”
“It’s the German way,” Franz replied. “It’s also a wonderful problem solver.”
Caitlin gave him a doubtful look, but didn’t have time to respond since her breakfast arrived.  Franz thought ‘king-sized’ was definitely the word for it.  Sausages, ham, eggs, fried tomatoes, baked beans and toast completely filled a plate that would normally hold a goose.  Caitlin’s eyes grew as wide as the plate itself, and she started eating as soon as it was set down.
“You’ve definitely acquired quite an appetite since I last saw you,” Franz remarked.
“Oh yeah,” Caitlin said, shoveling a small pile of beans into her mouth. “I ain’t ever gonna starve again.  I don’t care if I weigh twenty-two stone either.  I’m gonna eat and eat some more.  Better fat than starving.  You better take a liking to heavy ladies, Franz, ‘cause you’re gonna have one.”
Franz laughed.  “I don’t think you’ll ever get that heavy.”
“Want some toast?” Caitlin asked. “I know you’re not hungry, but you do need something for the road.”
“I suppose I could handle that,” Franz said.
A half hour later, Franz paid their bill and they were off.  They had directions to the nearest train station, which the waitress said would take them non-stop all the way to Southhampton.  Unfortunately, they must have taken a wrong turn because they were unable to find it.  Two hours later they had no idea where they were.  Franz was getting more nauseous and dizzy.  His feet hurt him the most, though.  He felt as if he had several large pebbles inside his shoes.  Every step became more painful.  They were on a dirt road surrounded by cottages with large front gardens when Franz stopped.
“I can’t go on anymore,” Franz whispered. “I have to lay down somewhere or else I’m going to pass out.”
“You can’t lay here,” Caitlin said. “It’s all mud.”
“I personally don’t give a damn,” he replied, as set his luggage in the wet grass in one of the unfenced gardens and laid down.
“What am I supposed to do?” Caitlin asked.
“I don’t know,” Franz rasped. “I’m so tired.”
“Do you want to me to ask someone who lives here where the train stain is?” Caitlin said, looking about.
“No,” Franz replied.
Within a minute, Franz was asleep.  It was possible Caitlin could have left him stranded there, but at the moment he didn’t care.  Some unknown time later, he felt Caitlin shaking him.
“Franz, Charlie and Helen are here.”
“Who?” Franz said, barely conscious.  He could hear the sound of a motor running, but he didn’t know what it was or where it coming from.
“Charlie and Helen.  They got themselves one of those automobiles.  They’re gonna give us a ride to Southhampton.  Come on.”
Franz tried to open his eyes, but they were glued shut.  He wiped them with his hands and reluctantly they opened.  He could see there was a brand new automobile in front of him.  There was a little bit of mud splattered on the bottom of it, but everything else was in perfect condition.  He wondered how Charlie and Helen could afford something like that, but was too tired to ponder on it much.  With what felt like a tremendous amount of strength, he lifted himself up and managed to walk the few steps to get inside the automobile.


Chapter 39


“I can’t believe my luck!” Caitlin said, as she entered the vehicle with her luggage. “We were blinking stranded.  It’s a miracle that both of you came.”
“What are you doing here in the first place?” Charlie asked from his position as driver.
“Well...it’s a very long story, but basically we were our way to Southampton.”
“You weren’t walking there, were you?” Charlie replied.
“No, but we couldn’t find the bloody train station either.”
“Well, we happened to be going to the train station ourselves,” Helen said. “Actually, it’s not far at all from here. We were just getting things sorted out with the business and the house in London one last time.”
“Well, thank you for coming this way.  Franz decided a few minutes ago that he ain’t movin’ another inch.  I think he’s getting quite ill.” Caitlin said, looking at him.  He was slumped against his luggage.  His condition was worsening.  He had a deathly pale, waxy appearance.  She touched him to make sure he wasn’t dead and he moved his head slightly.  She sighed in relief.  “I couldn’t leave him being sick and all, but we had to go bloody somewhere.”  
“I don’t think it was very wise to take Franz out on a day like this,” Helen replied. “The poor fellow, even his glasses look ill.”
Caitlin giggled.  “Yeah, he’s one sick puppy, but we couldn’t wait anymore.  It was one of those now or never sort of things.”
“So,” Charlie said, as the vehicle moved laboriously down the road, “Why do you want to go to Southampton?”
“We want to go to America, actually.  We’re going to Southampton so we can catch a ship.”
“Do you think they’ll allow someone as sick as Franz on the ship?  I would really doubt that they let people with something that could be catchy into America,” Helen said.
“I don’t know,” Caitlin replied.
“It’s probably better to be safe than sorry.  Why don’t you stay at our house for a few days?”
Looking at him again, Caitlin couldn’t say no.  Franz wasn’t ready for a long trip across the ocean.
“Yeah, that would be a good idea, wouldn’t it?” Caitlin said.
Hours later they entered Southhampton.  By this time, Caitlin was starving.  She hoped Helen would fix her something to eat.  She wondered if Franz was hungry.  Since he ate nothing all day, she assumed he would be.
She nudged him gently.  “You better wake up now.  We’re almost there.”
“Wo?” he said without opening his eyes.
“We’re in Southampton, very close to Helen and Charlie’s house.  You have to wake up.”
His eyes fluttered, but other than that he didn’t respond.
“Are doing all right back there, Franz?” Charlie asked.
“Uh...yes, I suppose so,” he replied weakly, trying to straighten out his posture.
“We’re going to be stayin’ at Helen and Charlie’s for a little while until you get better.  Would you mind that?” Caitlin said.
“No, not at all,” Franz replied. He opened his very red and watery eyes. “I really can’t go on feeling the way I do anyhow.”
A few minutes later, they arrived at a modest looking cottage.  When the motor idled to a stop, a young lady who looked almost exactly like Helen appeared at the door.  She lowered her head and seemed to be talking to someone that the closed part of the door was hiding.  She opened it and a dark haired little boy not more than a year old walked clumsily toward the automobile.  
“Mamadada!” he cried.
“Francis!” Charlie responded as he exited the vehicle and picked the boy up. “How’s my little fellow?”
“Mama!” Francis replied, pointing in Helen’s direction.
Helen turned around in Caitlin’s direction smiling.
“Isn’t he wonderful?” she said.
Caitlin couldn’t answer her right away, she felt devastated.  For some ridiculous reason, she never thought she would see him again.  She put him in somewhere in the back of her mind after she left the convent.  Knowing he was out there somewhere and he had no idea who she was, was too painful to think about.  Now she was faced with reality and there was nowhere to escape from it.
“Is anything wrong?” Helen asked.
“Oh...no, nothing at all,” Caitlin replied. “Just tired, I suppose.”
Helen nodded.  “Well, we have beds for both of you.”
“Is it all right if I have something to eat first?” she asked sheepishly. “I’m starving.”
Helen smiled again.  “Of course.”
Caitlin darted her head in the direction of the little boy, who was now in the younger woman’s arms.
“So that’s Francis?” she said nervously.
“Yes,” Helen replied. “What do you think?”
Caitlin didn’t quite know what to say, but she spoke anyway.
“I think he’s wonderful,” she said, her voice breaking.
Helen nodded in reply.  “Let’s go inside,” she said.


Chapter 40


Once they entered the house, Helen introduced Caitlin and Franz to Aubina, Helen and Charlie’s daughter.  She was sharing the home with them, and helping them raise Francis.  Franz was too sick for social niceties.  He asked where the nearest free bed was, and Helen led him to it.
“He’s really in a bad way, ain’t he?” Aubina said, as Francis walked in circles around her.
“Yeah,” Caitlin replied. “He’s got himself the flu, I think.”
“I’ve heard that’s been going around,” she said.  Aubina pulled back a strand of brown hair that escaped from her bun. “But he looks worse than anybody else I’ve seen.”
“He’s got a lot of problems,” Caitlin said, sitting down on a simple wooden chair. “There was a fire at his father-in-law’s house not long ago, and three people died in it, including his wife.”
Aubina gasped.  “Oh, how awful!”
Caitlin nodded solemnly.  “Yeah, it’s not good.”
A moment of silence followed.  
“Um, would you like some tea?” Aubina asked.
“Yes,” Caitlin replied, “and if you don’t mind, could I have some biscuits or crackers with that, too?  I’m starving.”
“Of course,” Aubina replied. “I’ll see what we have in the pantry.”
Caitlin didn’t want to be left alone with Francis, but she was.  She tried to ignore him, focusing on the profusion of potted flowers sitting on a pane of the kitchen’s one large window.  It didn’t work at all.  Francis’s attention was directed at her as soon as Aubina left the room.  He approached her with his chubby arms up in the air.
“Pa,” he said. “Up up.”
“I’m not picking you up,” Caitlin replied.
“Up!” he demanded.
“All right,” she said in frustration. “Don’t throw a tantrum.”
She lifted him up and placed him on her lap.  For the first few moments he toyed with the buttons on her dress, but then his attention was riveted on her face.  Aubina returned from the pantry.
“I see he’s been taking a liking to you,” she said.
“Yeah, he wanted me to pick him up.”
“He loves it when people hold him,” Aubina said, as she set a plate of biscuits on the table, and started the water for tea. “He’s always been a real good baby.  As long as he’s fed and hugged, he never cries.”
Caitlin noticed he had intense blue eyes, something she hadn’t seen when he was born.  He also had long black eyelashes.  He seemed to be studying her as intently as she was studying him.
“He’s got pretty eyes,” Caitlin said to Aubina. “I wonder where he got them from, since-”
“Since what?” Aubina asked, as she set the cups on the table.
“Oh, never mind,” Caitlin replied.  She didn’t know if Helen and Charlie told Aubina she was Francis’s mother.
“Since none of us have blue eyes.  Is that what you were going to say?”
Caitlin breathed a sign of relief.  “Yeah.”
Aubina smiled.  “Well, I don’t know if my mother told you this, but Francis was adopted from this Catholic orphanage.  It was sort of odd for my parents to do such a thing, because they never said anything about it before, and Dad always said that one child is enough, so I was very surprised when they first came here with him.  I suppose it was on the spur of the moment.  I imagine that Francis had a set of awfully good looking parents, because he is a very beautiful little boy.”
Caitlin never considered Mr. Meyer to be terribly attractive, but the more she looked at Francis, the more she realized his looks reminded her of Angèle, only he had a rosy sort of complexion, while Angèle was very pale.  It was scary for Caitlin to think this child was Angèle’s half-brother.  
“Look what we have here!” Helen exclaimed to Francis as she entered the kitchen. “I see Francis likes Caitlin.”
“Yee!” he shouted, exposing his small teeth.
“Do you want some tea, Mum?” Aubina asked.
“All right,” Helen replied.  She turned to Caitlin. “Would you like something else besides the biscuits?”
“Oh, I forgot about those,” Caitlin replied, grabbing one. “Yeah, I’m hungry.  Don’t make nothing that’s a lot of trouble, though.”
Charlie returned to the kitchen and they settled down for tea.  Caitlin ate a sandwich and a large bowl of soup.  Francis was playing on the floor with a set of wood blocks. 
“So, how have you been since we last saw you?” Charlie asked.
“I’ve been doing really good,” Caitlin replied. “I went back to school, and even got myself a job.  I moved to Manchester, and was living in a boarding house.  Carl, the man you met the last time I saw you, moved up there too, and he’s the one that paid for my school and all that.”
“How did you and Franz meet again?” Helen asked.
“Well, I’d never thought I’d go back to London, but I did when I heard that Mr. Meyer and Angèle died in that fire.  Carl and I weren’t invited but we went to the funeral anyway, just out of respect and all that.  We saw Franz there.”
“When did you decide to go to America?” Aubina asked.
“Actually, just a few days ago,” Caitlin replied. “It’s hard to explain why I decided to go there.  I suppose it would be nice to have a fresh start.”
“What are you going to do once you get there?” Aubina inquired, obviously intrigued.
“I don’t know.  I haven’t really gave it much thought.  I guess I’ll get myself a job as a seamstress, just like in Manchester.  I know what Franz wants to do, though.  He wants to be a writer.”
“Oh really?” Helen replied. “What sorts of things does he write about?”
“Poetry and that sort of thing.  He read me a poem.  It was pretty and all, but I couldn’t understand it.  How is he doing?”
“He fell asleep the moment he hit the bed,“ Helen replied. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen anyone that tired in my life.”
“I hope he gets better soon,” Caitlin said, worrying the police would find them if they stayed too long. “I want to go America as soon as we can.”
“I’m certain he’ll be better in a couple of days,” Helen replied. “He’s young, so he’ll recover quickly.”
Caitlin couldn’t believe that.  She had a feeling her anxiety, and Franz’s ill health, would be prolonged.  As she looked at Francis, she knew the longer they stayed, the harder it would be to leave him again. 


Chapter 41--March 24


It had been almost a month and Franz was still too sick to leave.  He could barely open his eyes and refused to eat.  He stopped communicating; only moaning once in a while.  Caitlin was worried.  What if the police caught up with them?  Would they all go to prison?  She didn’t tell Helen and Charlie she was helping Franz escape from the law.  She was afraid they would turn against her.  She thought they were suspicious, though, because she refused to go into town and didn’t want to let a doctor see Franz.  Now, she had another problem.  Was Franz going to die?  And what if he did?  What would she do then?  What Franz had was much worse than influenza.  Caitlin didn’t know if she could live with herself if he died.  Every day she would break down and sob.  That morning, while raking up dead leaves in the back garden, she felt tears welling up her eyes again.
“Charlie?” she called out. Her voice was already shaking.
“What is it?” he asked, while loosening up the soil in the vegetable patch in order to get it ready for planting.
“Uh...” She had no idea what she was going to say.  She cried instead.
“Oh boy,” Charlie said, putting his shovel down and walking up to her. “We have to put a stop to this.  Come on inside, and Helen’ll fix you some tea.”
When they entered the house, Caitlin could tell from Helen’s expression she knew what was going on, and automatically started pouring water from the sink for tea.
“This has to end,” she said.
“I know,” Caitlin cried.
“Things will get better,” Helen said, putting the kettle on the cooker. “I know you really wanted to go to America and Franz’s illness upset your plans.”
“I’m so worried about him,” Caitlin said.  She sat down at the table. “I don’t know what to do.”
“We would know what was wrong with him if you’d let us send for a doctor,” Helen said.
“I know,” Caitlin replied. “I want him to see a doctor, really I do.  It’s just that-”
“What?”
Caitlin got herself in a place where she couldn’t easily back out.  After pausing for a few moments, she decided to tell them part of the truth.
“Well...you see, Franz got into a bit of trouble, and he’s doesn’t want anyone finding him here.  That’s why we’re going to America.  It was my idea, to help him out.  I didn’t want to tell you because I thought you would be mad at me and all, and I don’t want that because you’re really good friends and such.”
Once she finished, they didn’t say anything to her, but they look concerned.  Caitlin thought they were angry.
“I can go into town and get a doctor,” Charlie said. “I know he won’t ask any questions.”
There was no other decision to make.  Caitlin couldn’t stand the torture any longer.
An hour later, a chubby man with short white hair and a beard appeared at the door.  He had on a long black coat, carried a small leather bag, and had a slight smile on his face.
“Hello, Mrs. Hanson,” the man said, taking off his hat and his jacket. “Lovely day, isn’t it?”
“Yes,” Helen replied. “I can take those if you wish.”
“Thank you,” The doctor said.  He glanced at Caitlin briefly, but didn’t say anything to her. “So, where is our patient at?”
Charlie, who entered the house right after the doctor, led him to the room Franz was in.  The doctor was there for a while.  During that time, everyone tried to finish their chores.  Caitlin was very distracted, though.  She wondered what the doctor was going to say about Franz’s condition.
When the doctor emerged, everyone stopped what they were doing.  The doctor’s smile had faded.  Caitlin’s heart dropped.
“What does Franz have?” Helen asked, trying to sound optimistic.
“Pneumonia,” The doctor said curtly. “A very acute case of pneumonia.”
“Is there anything you can do?” Charlie asked.
The doctor paused and shook his head.  “Not really, I’m afraid.”
“Is he going to die?” Caitlin inquired, even though she didn’t want to know the true answer.
“Well...” the doctor began in a nervous voice, “from my experience, that is probably what is going to happen.”
Caitlin felt like a knife was plunged into her body as the doctor left, but she didn’t react.  She didn’t want to believe it.  She sat in a chair, staring at the wall, her mind blank.  A few minutes later, the full weight of what was going to happen hit her, and she screamed out in hysteria.
The evening was unusually quiet.  As they all ate, not one word was spoken.  Caitlin could barely taste the food.  She had calmed down, but she was still in pain.  She couldn’t remember feeling so bad.  It was as if she had been beaten, only it was on the inside.  The only experience she thought came close to being this painful was the time Mr. Meyer lashed her with his belt.  In some ways, though, this experience was even more painful.
She looked across the table at Francis.  He seemed as happy as he always was, gladly eating the food Aubina gave him on a spoon.  At times, he looked at the other people quizzically, as if he was wondering what was wrong.  Caitlin wished she had no worries, like him.
Everyone retired to bed very early.  Hard as she tried, Caitlin couldn’t stop agonizing over Franz.  She didn’t want to deal with the pain of being without him.  Finally she decided what she would do.  Once Franz died, she would run off somewhere where she couldn’t be found and kill herself.  That answer seemed to calm her, though in many ways, it was very unsatisfying.  Looking back on her life, she realized everything was pointless.  The only constructive thing she had done was give birth to Francis.  All the running about seemed to be much ado about nothing.  Well, she thought to herself, I started out a stupid lass from the slums and that’s how I’m going to die.  Thought I could be something better than that, but I suppose that ain’t gonna happen now.
Then a thought occurred to her that made her sit up in her bed.  If these were going to be Franz’s last hours, shouldn’t she be spending those hours with him?  It didn’t matter if she caught pneumonia from him now, since she planned to die anyway.  Besides, she wanted to be with him desperately.
She made her way quietly to Franz’s room.  She opened the door slowly so it wouldn’t creak quite so much.  The room was silent, with the exception of Franz’s raspy, irregular breathing.  She walked over to his bed and sat down.  She wanted to say something, but didn’t know exactly what that would be.  She decided she needed to be closer to him.  Even though she knew it would look very inappropriate at best if someone else happened to walk into the room, she lifted the covers and slipped inside.
He felt cold and small next to her.  She touched his side and could feel some of his ribs poking out.  She moved closer to warm him up, and felt his hipbones against her stomach.
“You’re really sick, aren’t you?” she said sadly. “I wish you would get better.”
Not knowing what else to say, she laid her head on the pillow, and closed her eyes.  A few minutes later, she was on the verge of falling asleep when she thought she heard Franz say something.
“Franz?” 
“Yes?” he said, his voice very hoarse.
“You can talk,” Caitlin replied. “You haven’t said nothing for two weeks now.”
“I haven’t been too aware recently,” he said, sounding as if just speaking was exhausting. “In and out.  So dizzy.  I think I’m getting better now.”
“Really?” Caitlin said, hardly believing it. “But the doctor said you were going to die.”
“The doctor doesn’t know what he’s talking about,” Franz replied. “We’re going to America, no matter what anyone says.  I don’t want to talk very much more.  I’m getting so tired.  But I need to ask you something... why are you lying in bed with me?”
“Because I love you,” Caitlin replied joyfully.
“That’s good, but you have to go back to your own bed.  This doesn’t look right at all.”
“I’ll do that, but you have to promise me one thing.  Don’t do this again, not until you’re a lot older anyway.”
“Are we going be together that long?” Franz asked.
“Of course!” Caitlin replied.  She then realized what he said. “Oh, you’re going to leave me once you get to America, aren’t you?”
“No,” Franz said. “I don’t intend on leaving you.  Do you intend on leaving me?”
“Never!” Caitlin said.
“Well...now I know what I have to do.”
“What is that?”
“I can’t tell you, not until we get on the ship.”
“Why?”
“I just can’t.”
“Why not?  Don’t do this to me, Franz!”
“Go back to your room.  You’ll find out what it is soon.”
“I won’t be able to sleep now.”
“Of course you will.”
“Okay, I’ll go,” Caitlin said, getting up. “Don’t want to tire you out or anything like that.  I can’t wait for my surprise, though!”
Caitlin was amazed how relieved she felt as she left Franz’s room.  She never would have believed a few minutes ago she would feel better again.  Maybe things will be all right after all, she thought. 


Chapter 42--April 26


It took over a month, but Franz recovered.  Once he was able to walk around, he went to town and made arrangements to go to America and made a very special purchase at a jewelry shop.  He wasn’t quite healthy yet, but he hoped to be completely recovered by the time they boarded the ship.  He bought two second-class cabin tickets for twenty-five pounds each and though that almost guaranteed they wouldn’t be screened on Ellis Island, he didn’t want to take any chances.  He feared the worst-case scenario--the ship’s doctor would order him to go there, he would be deemed too ill for entry, and they would be deported.  If that happened, he would certainly be in jail and Caitlin would probably have a worse fate than he did.  He had to look as healthy as possible.
On April 26, Franz had a slight cough, but that was all.  The Hanson’s doctor visited the day before and seemed shocked by how well Franz was doing.  He gave Franz a clean bill of health.  Now, nothing stood in their way of their trip.
When Franz carried the luggage outside, he noticed the weather was beautiful.  All sun, no clouds, and just the faintest of breezes.
While they were in the automobile, everyone chatted excitedly.  Franz noticed Caitlin was especially happy.  As he studied her, he saw things he never noticed before.  She was so beautiful, especially in the cream colored dress Helen made for her birthday two weeks ago.  He wished he had picked her up in her maid’s uniform two years ago and whisked her away.  It would have saved both of them a lot of trouble and heartache.  At the time though, he was too concerned about what everyone else wanted.  Her young age and the beguiling Angèle didn’t help either.  Still, if he had the knowledge he possessed now, things would have been different.
As he held the small box hidden in his coat pocket, he knew he was doing what was right.  This time it would be his choice.  It was an expensive purchase at the jewelry shop, but well worth it.  He couldn’t wait to see the expression on her face when he gave it to her.  She had probably never seen anything so extravagant in her life.  Well, she had better get used to it, he thought, smiling.  Only the best will do from now on.
When they arrived at the port, he saw that the large ship docked there dwarfed everything else.
“I haven’t ever seen anything as big as all that,” Caitlin said. “Probably bigger than some buildings.”
“Look at all the people here,” Helen replied. “I suppose you don’t have to worry about being lonely.”
“Well, it looks like everyone is boarding,” Franz said. “Perhaps we should be doing that ourselves.”
Charlie helped Franz unload the luggage in the back of the automobile, and there was one awkward moment of silence.
“It was so lovely to spend some time with both of you,” Helen said. “I hope you have a safe trip.”
“Good luck in America,” Charlie said.
“Send us a postcard,” Aubina chimed in.
They hugged and said their final good-byes.  
“Bye,” Francis said, waving his little arm.
Franz noticed Caitlin suddenly looked a little sad.  He didn’t have to be told why.  An instant later, Caitlin forced a smile and shook the child’s hand.  Then she and Franz joined the crowd of people waiting their turn to walk up the gangway to the ship.
Once on the ship, everything on land looked insignificant.  They searched the crowd for Helen and Charlie as the ship moved away from the dock. They waved frantically like everyone else.  When they couldn’t see the port any longer, Franz turned to Caitlin.
“This was best idea you’ve ever had, Caitlin.”
She smiled, and put her head against his chest.
“Yeah, if I say so myself,” she replied. “Now, where’s my surprise?  I’ve been waiting for it all bloody month.”
“You’ll get it...tonight,” Franz said.
“Oh no! I have to wait even longer!”
“It’s just not the right time now.  I want us to be alone when I give it you.”
“All right,” Caitlin said. “I won’t complain anymore.”
Franz stepped back and held her hands.  Soon she would be all his.


Chapter 43


When night fell, most people retired to their cabins, though a few couples and an odd fellow with a small telescope stayed on the deck a while longer.
“It’s so wonderful out here,” Caitlin remarked. “I never thought there were so many stars.  When I have looked out my window at the convent or when I was staying at the boarding house in Manchester, it was always all cloudy-like, and I couldn’t see nothing.”
“Those are only a few of the stars that are in the universe,” Franz said. “Actually, there are billions upon billions of them, more than anyone could count, but most of them are too far away for us to see.”
“Really?” Caitlin replied. “How do you know that?”
“Well, I was told.  I don’t really know for certain,” Franz replied, “but many great men have been studying the stars for hundreds of years.  They did all sorts of calculations and that’s how they figured that out.”
Caitlin looked about.  “Did you know that we’re completely alone now?”
“We are?” Franz said, looking around himself.  
“Do I get my surprise?” Caitlin asked.
“Yes, you’ll have your present,” Franz replied, clearing his throat. “There’s also something I would like to ask you.”
He took out a small white box with a pink ribbon wrapped around it and handed it to her discreetly.
“Ohh...” Caitlin said. “It’s so lovely...I don’t think I could open it.”
“What’s inside is even more beautiful though,” Franz replied.
She pulled the ribbon off, and opened the lid of the box.  At first her expression was blank, but then she shook uncontrollably.
“Would you like me to put on you?” Franz asked.
She nodded.
He took the box while she removed her gloves and put them in her purse.  He removed the ring out of the box and slid it onto her finger.  The large round sapphire sparkled in the darkness.
“Do you like it?” Franz asked.
“Yes,” Caitlin replied, the tears dripping down her face.
“I chose a sapphire because I thought it matched the color of your eyes.”
“It’s very blue,” Caitlin choked out. “I don’t think even Mrs. Meyer had a ring with as big stone as this one has.”
“Well, I thought you deserved the best,” Franz asked. “Now, what I wanted to ask you is...would you like to be my wife?”
Caitlin threw herself into his arms and cried uncontrollably.
“I thought you would never ask! You don’t know how long I’ve waited for you say that...the answer is yes!”


Chapter 44--May 1


Franz never thought it was possible to be so happy.  They spent most of their time dancing, socializing, or looking into each other’s eyes.  The ocean was relatively calm and neither of them became seasick.  No one questioned them about what happened before they arrived on the ship.  It didn’t matter anyhow.  Franz never thought the day would come where he would turn down a drink, but he did, several times, in fact.  He didn’t want anything to get in the way of how he was feeling.  Many times he thought of his mother, but he didn’t feel sad any longer.  She would very happy and proud of him if she could see him.  Sometimes he wondered if she had anything to do with bringing them together.  Maybe she was able to pull a few strings where she was.  Franz knew it was a silly thought.  Though he was raised in the shadow of a large Lutheran church and his entire family attended it unfailingly every Sunday, he never believed in such things as God or an afterlife.  He needed proof and there was none.  Now he thought maybe such things did indeed exist.  There still was no definite proof, but when he looked at Caitlin he couldn’t help but believe she was a gift sent from heaven especially for him.
On May 1, they were having afternoon tea on the deck when an ordinary young man approached them.
“Hello,” he said, nervously adjusting his bow tie.
“Hello,” Caitlin replied.
“My name is Leo Townsend.  Are you Francis and Catherine?”
They nodded at the assumed names they were using while on the ship.
“Oh good,” Leo replied, wiping his forehead with a handkerchief. “I would have been so embarrassed if you were the wrong people.  Well, the reason I approached you is that I recently became a minister.  I do Sunday service on this ship.  I’ve never done a wedding ceremony but...I heard that both of you have recently become engaged.  Um...would you like to get married on the ship?”
Franz looked at Caitlin.  “Would you want to do that?” he asked her.
“Why not?” Caitlin replied, then turned to Leo. “That’s a yes.”
“That’s wonderful,” Leo said. “When would you like the wedding to take place?”
“I don’t know,” Franz replied. “When do you think would be a good time, Cait?”
“Tonight,” she piped up. “So, we can be under all those lovely stars.”
“You want to be married outside?” Leo inquired.
“Yes, in the place where we were engaged,” Caitlin said excitedly.
“Could you do that?” Franz asked Leo.
“Of course,” Leo replied. “Is nine o’clock a good time?”
Caitlin and Franz agreed.
“Very well,” Leo said, looking excited and relieved. “I’ll see you both tonight, then.”
That night Franz put on the best suit he had brought with him.  Caitlin had dressed beforehand and left without Franz seeing her.  He couldn’t believe he was getting married again.  This time, though, it was his choice.
He left his cabin and walked up the stairs to the upper deck.  He saw Leo Townsend in his full minister’s uniform, and standing behind him was Caitlin, dressed in the same outfit she wore when he gave her the ring, except now there were two veils attached to her hat, a longer one attached to the back and a shorter one in the front that was draped in front of her face.  She was holding a bouquet of white roses.
“Ohh...you look handsome,” Caitlin said, as Franz joined her by her side.
“And you look very beautiful,” Franz replied.
“Thank you, Mr. Warholm,” Caitlin whispered, smiling. “Take a little peek down on the other deck.”
Franz saw the lower deck was crowded with people, all of whom were holding white candles.  Franz couldn’t believe how surreal it seemed.
“Shall I start now?” Leo whispered.
Caitlin and Franz nodded.
In a voice much louder than normal, Leo recited the wedding verse.  Caitlin and Franz repeated the vows.
“You may kiss the bride,” Leo said proudly to Franz after the ceremony was over.
Franz lifted Caitlin’s veil and did just that.  The crowd burst out into restrained, but very cheerful clapping.
After they enjoyed a complimentary evening dinner, they retired to their cabins, and their separate beds.
That wasn’t exactly what Franz wanted, but he was waiting for Caitlin to mention something about it.  She didn’t, though, and now that she was in her bed, he would have to tell her.  It was something he wasn’t very comfortable with, knowing what Herr Meyer had done to her.
“Caitlin?” he called out in the darkness.
“Yeah?” she replied.
“Since this is our wedding night, would you like to...consummate our vows?”
“What does that mean?” she asked.
“It means to...uhh...to make love.”
She didn’t reply to his question.  He heard her turn over in her bed.
“I suppose that’s a no, then,” he said, a little disappointed.
“It’s scary, and it hurts,” she cried. “I don’t want another baby either.”
“Uhh...if you don’t want that, that is not a problem, but would you like to...share the same bed together, without doing anything?”
“Well...I suppose I could do that,” Caitlin said. “I don’t want anything else though.”
“Would you like me to come over to your bed?” Franz asked.
“No,” Caitlin replied. “I’ll come over to yours.”
He heard her get up and walk over.  He lifted the covers for her, and helped her slip inside.  He put his arms around her and found her body fit nicely against his.
“Would you mind if I kiss you a little bit?” he asked.
“Oh, I guess not,” she replied.
He kissed her on the first forehead, both of her cheeks, the tip of her nose, and then her lips.  He held her closer and stroked her hair.
“Oh, I love you,” he murmured.
She giggled.  “You are so silly.”
“I know,” he replied.
“Almost sillier than I am, which is hardly possible to beat if you ask me.”
“I think you drank too much wine,” Franz said.
“Yeah, I did.  It tasted really bad at first, but after about six or seven glasses, it starts tasting bloody good, which seems a bit odd now that I’m thinking about it.”
“You’re talking too much,” Franz replied. “Go to sleep.”


Chapter 45--May 10,  New York


It was a beautiful May morning.  Franz and Caitlin were enjoying afternoon tea in the dining room when the odd fellow with the telescope burst in.
“Land!” he screamed. “I can see land!”
Everyone left the dining room so they could get a glimpse of New York. 
“It is all right if I leave you here for a moment?” Caitlin asked Franz. “I want to see the land too.”
“I’ll join you,” Franz said. 
They walked out on the deck.  At least fifty people were crowded near the ship’s bow.
“I don’t see nothing,” Caitlin said, bobbing her head in order to catch sight of what was in front of her.
“I think you have to look through the telescope,” Franz said. “It’s too far away to see with just the eyes.”
After elbowing their way through the crowd, they reached the man with the telescope.  He handed it to a chubby young woman with dark hair and a black dress and instructed her on where to point it.
“You should now be able to see the Statute of Liberty, Mademoiselle,” the man said.
“Oh yes!” the woman shouted. “I can see it!  It’s that rather pointy green thing, am I right?”
“Oui,” the man said.
The woman, along the rest of the crowd, cried with joy.
“And if you turn to the left un petit peu, you will see the beautiful state of New Jersey.”
“New Jersey!” the woman bellowed. “I can see New Jersey!”
The crowd shouted again.
Franz thought this was ridiculous and rolled his eyes.
“New Jersey is a lovely state,” the woman said. “Maybe I’ll move there instead.”
After looking a few more moments, she put down the telescope and ignoring the grasping hands, gave it to Caitlin.
“I put it in my eye like this?” Caitlin asked the man lifting the telescope to her face.
“Yes,” the man replied. “Now, what to do you see?”
“I see all these little buildings...all these little dots moving in the water, and this green pointy thing.”
“The Statue of Liberty!” the crowd shouted.
“Do you see New Jersey?” the man asked.
“Yeah, that land right across the water.  Looks rather boring to me.”
“Long live New Jersey!” Some men in the crowd yelled.
“We probably should be getting back to our tea,” Franz said to her.
“Yeah, I’ve seen enough of America,” Caitlin replied.  She handed the telescope to the first outstretched hand she saw. 
A few hours later, several inspectors and physicians boarded the ship and the first and second-class passengers had to line up in alphabetical order in the main dining room.  Franz and Caitlin were waiting patiently in line to be examined, along with about a hundred other people.  They were behind the odd man.  Franz didn’t want to make conversation with him, because he was wearing a suit ten years out of date and a black goatee that made him look strangely like Satan.  But the fellow was talkative; Franz felt he had no choice but to oblige.   Caitlin didn’t seem to mind him.
“So, what do you do?” The man asked, exaggerating his already exaggerated French accent.
Franz couldn’t help but wince.  He truly couldn’t stand the man.
“What do you mean, for work?” Franz elaborated.
“Oui,” The man replied.
Franz could barely restrain his desire to strangle the man.  “Well, I’m a businessman.”
The man smiled faintly, as if Franz’s irritation amused him.  “What kind of business are you in?”
“He’s a writer!” Caitlin burst out, so loud everyone in front in them turned around.
Franz closed his eyes and tried to take in a deep breath.  He could feel his patience was coming to an end, even though the last thing he wanted was an argument.  Obviously, that wasn’t working out.
“Yes, I’m a writer.”
“And a very good one, too,” Caitlin commented in a much lower voice. “He’s read me some of his poetry.”
“Ahh...how interesting,” the man replied. “I am a businessman.  I work for a publishing company.  Maybe I could help you publish your book?”
“I’m sorry, but I already have a publisher here,” Franz lied.  He wasn’t about to have anything to do with the man.  The man was possibly a thief, if not worse.
“Mais oui...I should have known,” the man replied dejectedly. “Well...perhaps I lure you away someday to my company, no?”
“Perhaps,” Franz said, not very convincingly.
Caitlin looked confused.  “I didn’t know that you knew people here.” 
“I don’t-”
“Well, you must for people here to be publishing your writing,” she said.
“Cait-”
“Do they know our-”
“Enough!” Franz yelled, and immediately regretted it when Caitlin backed away from him.
“Pity...” the man said, “only married a few days and already there are troubles.”
Franz felt the heat rise to his face.  It took every bit of restraint he could find not to slap the man.  Not only was he strange, but he was also the patronizing sort, too.
“Our marriage is just fine,” Franz replied. “I’m just not pleased with waiting in line after such a long journey.”
“Oui,” the man said, glancing in front of him. “It could be hours before we are on the mainland.”
“Well, at least we can talk to you, Mr....um...what’s your name?” Caitlin asked.
“LeSueur Wample,” the man said proudly. “Jean-Luc LeSueur Wample.  I’m very pleased to meet you, Madame-”
“Cait, and this is Francis,” she replied. “We’re really pleased to meet you, too.”
“I can see that,” Jean-Luc replied, looking at Franz pointedly.
Jean-Luc and Caitlin chatted, with Franz keeping quiet by choice.  The more they talked, the more Franz could tell Jean-Luc wasn’t really French, though he was awfully good at keeping the voice up.  Some of his words were pronounced with a decidedly English accent.  Jean-Luc was the next person up when Franz decided to test his theory.
“I see it’s going to be your turn soon,” Franz said, speaking in French. “So, are you actually French or are you just playing a trick on us?”
Jean-Luc seemed rather stunned by Franz’s statement.  “Uh...oui,” he replied uncertainly.
“You didn’t answer my question,” Franz said quietly. “Didn’t you understand it?  It was in French, you know.”
“I know,” he replied, his amused expression quickly turning into a scowl, “and I must say you speak very good French for a Kraut.  That’s what you are, aren’t you?”
“I prefer to call myself German.”
“Ahh, well,” Jean-Luc replied, his British voice, as well as his nostrils, flaring, “is that why there is an English name on your papers?  Francis Winston?”
“It doesn’t matter,” Franz replied coolly. “Just like it doesn’t matter that your name is Jean-Luc and you can’t speak a single complete sentence in French.”
He grunted and turned away for the last time.  Franz felt proud to have outsmarted the louse.  The immigration officials seemed too lost in their work to have paid attention.  It was a good thing, too.  They didn’t need any more trouble.
Caitlin nudged him roughly with her hand.
“What?” Franz said.
“That wasn’t very polite, what you just did,” Caitlin replied, looking and sounding very angry.
“So?  He was a trickster.  All this time he was pretending to be French, when he really wasn’t French at all.”
“Maybe he is really French.”
“Caitlin,” Franz said, on the verge of laughing, “he is not French.”
“How do you know?  What if you couldn’t speak German anymore?  Would that mean you wouldn’t be German?”
“Yes,” Franz replied.
“No, it wouldn’t,” Caitlin said. “You’d still be German.”
“No, I wouldn’t!”
“Shh...don’t embarrass us.”
“Embarrass us!  I’m not the one who is doing the embarrassing.  It’s that Jean-Luc LeFreak Wacko fellow who is embarrassing!”
A few people behind them laughed.  Jean-Luc himself paid no attention at all.
“What is wrong with you?” Caitlin said. “You’ve never acted this way before.  It doesn’t matter a wit if the bloke can speak French or not.  You shamed him!”
“Me?  Shamed him!  Look at him!”
“I don’t care what you think of him.  I want you to apologize right now!”
“What!”
“You heard me!”
“No!  Absolutely not!”
“Well, if you don’t, I’m going out on the deck and I’m going to be jumping into that ocean and swimming myself straight back to England.  It don’t matter if I know how to swim or not, I’ll get there somehow.  I surely ain’t staying with you, not since you bloody well lost your mind.”
“Cait-”
“If you don’t say you’re sorry to Jean-Luc in about five seconds, I’m taking off my shoes and stockings, and I’m going out there and jumping overboard.”
This statement caused a few raised eyebrows by the people behind them.  He wanted to leave the ship as quickly as possible, so he’d never have to look at these people’s faces again.
“All right!” he replied harshly. “I’ll apologize to the bastard.  Just stop your ridiculous threats.”
Caitlin seemed satisfied by this.  “Jean-Luc?” she called out.
“Yes?” the man replied, pretending he was oblivious to what had happened.
“My husband has something to say to you.”
“I’m sorry,” Franz grumbled, not looking at him at all.
“Well,” Jean-Luc, resuming his fake French accent, something which Franz thought the man didn’t have the gall to do, “I accept.”
“Now shake hands,” Caitlin said.
Franz groaned and shook hands with Jean-Luc as quickly as possible.
“Perhaps we can be friends someday, or even just of good use to each other, no?”
“No,” Franz replied firmly.
Jean-Luc smiled at that response, turned around and handed his papers to the immigration officials.  To Franz’s disbelief, Jean-Luc’s French documents took the minimal amount of time to process.  His examination by the Ellis Island doctor was also very cursory, taking about a minute at the very most.  Then Jean-Luc made his way to the ferry that would take him to the mainland, and it was Franz’s and Caitlin’s turn.
The uniformed immigration official viewed their papers.  Franz assumed they would be accepted also, but the official frowned in bewilderment, and excused himself, taking Franz and Caitlin’s papers with them.
Everyone in line groaned in frustration.  Franz realized he should have looked over the fake papers.  What did Caitlin know about those sorts of things?  But he was so caught up in the rush of trying to escape the clutches of Scotland Yard it never occurred to him. Stupid...Stupid...Stupid, he thought.  When the minutes the official was gone grew longer, Franz became very worried.  That one lock of hair fell on his forehead once again and he pushed it back with a shaky hand.
“We’re going to be arrested,” he said to Caitlin.
“No, we’re not, silly,” she replied, taking his hand. “We’re going to be just fine.”
“Where did you get those papers from?” he whispered in her ear.
“Lady Halloway, of course.”
“Who?”
“Lady Halloway.  I told her everything.”
“You told her what?”
“Stop worrying.  She knows that the fire was just an accident, and she didn’t want you to be punished for it.  Actually, she was the one who suggested that we come here.”
“I just can’t believe it.”
Caitlin patted his hand gently.  “You got to trust me.  Everything will be just fine.”
Franz was one hundred percent certain he was going to be spending the rest of his life in prison when the official returned with a deep frown on his face.
“I’m terribly sorry for the delay,” the man said, handing their papers back. “There were just a few questions I needed to ask my superior.  You’re both free to go now.”
Franz could hardly believe they were able to walk the last hundred yards to the ferry.  He thought they would never make it.
“Oh, this is so exciting,” Caitlin said, jumping up and down like a little girl. “I can’t believe we’re here...in a completely different land.  You know, I heard about New York, but I never believe it really existed...until now, that is.”
“We’re going to have such a different life,” Franz replied. “No one will ever tell us what to do again.”
When they reached Battery Park, they didn’t know where to go first.  Finally they decided to have dinner at the first restaurant they could find.  On the way there, Franz purchased a newspaper, and scanned through it while waiting for their meals to arrive.
“Find me a job, too,” Caitlin said as Franz browsed through the paper.
“You don’t need to work,” Franz replied.
“Well, what am I going to do all day while you’re working?  I’m going to be bored silly.”
“All right, then,” Franz said. “If I see anything that calls for seamstresses, I’ll tell you.  First, we have to find ourselves a place to live.”
After they finished dinner, Franz was armed with a dozen different addresses for apartments.  The first one they visited was a large brownstone in the lower east side of Manhattan.  A large lady was sweeping the front steps when they arrived.  When Franz inquired about the empty apartment, she offered to show them the inside.
“Oh, it’s lovely,” Caitlin said, when they saw the whole of the interior. “It’s even bigger than it looks on the outside, too.  Can we stay here, Franz?”
“But we haven’t even looked at the other places yet.  What if they’re better than this one?”
“I doubt they can get much better.  Besides, I like this one too much.”
“Very well, then,” he replied, feeling very tired and not in the mood to look at another apartment. “We’ll live here.”
Once they deposited their luggage at a hotel, Franz walked about the city inquiring about various jobs he circled in the newspaper.  He had three interviews the following week that went smoothly, but they all needed time to consider hiring him.  One of the places was right next to a tailoring shop, so Caitlin visited there while Franz was at his interview.  When he finished his third interview, he spotted Caitlin waiting happily for him outside.
“I got it!” Caitlin cried. “And it was so easy, too!  How did your interview come along?”
“Very well,” Franz replied, “but not as well as yours did obviously.  They told me to return in another month.  So, when to you start work?”
“Tomorrow,” Caitlin said, “at seven o’ clock.”
“So, I’m the one who is going to be bored silly,” Franz said, smiling wryly. “How much are you paid?”
“Five dollars a week.  Do you think that’s a lot?”
“I think it’s a fairly generous amount for a seamstress.  You did well for yourself, Cait.  What would you like to do next?”
“Look for furniture for our new home,” she replied.
“All right, let’s do that.”
“We’ve been having a jolly lot of luck lately, ain’t we?” Caitlin remarked as they walked down the street in search of a furniture shop.
“Yes...we definitely have,” Franz replied.


Chapter 46--May 25


It had been a busy week.  In the evenings, they shopped for furniture and household items.  During the day, Franz would arrange the furniture and search for a job.  Though they were plentiful, there was much competition.  It wasn’t unusual for him to meet someone else who was inquiring about the same position.  Since his place at MMW was handed to him, he had no experience on how to act properly, and felt uncomfortable approaching strangers and asking them for work.  He was certain this uneasiness was showing, and that was why he was having a difficult time.  He also wondered if his accent, however slight, was another reason.  Some people would look at and treat him differently as soon as he spoke.  Two weeks into his search, he was very frustrated and discouraged.
One unusually hot afternoon, he was walking along feeling especially dejected.  Wanting to make the best impression, he wore his new wool suit.  That was a very bad idea.  He slipped into the entrance of a large building to seek relief from the sun pounding on his back.  He could feel the moisture underneath his arms and on his chest.  He didn’t think he’d get more soaked unless he went swimming.  He took off his hat and wiped his hair away from his brow.  His glasses nearly slipped off again, and he pushed them back up in an irritated gesture.   He considered returning home and giving up for the day when he lifted his head.  He saw the words painted in neat letters on the door next to him.  Miniver, Washington and Company, Publishers.  His hopes were instantly revived.
“Publishing.  Why didn’t I think of it before?” he said to himself in German. “This would be perfect for me.”
He went inside, so excited he had forgotten to straighten himself out.  The receptionist nearly broke out in laughter, which Franz thought was odd, until he realized his glasses were crooked and a piece of hair was sticking up.
“Uh, hello Madame,” he said, making the necessary repairs. “I was wondering if there were positions available here.”
“I think there is,” she replied, “but you’ll need an appointment.  What time would be best for you?”
“Any time,” Franz said.
“Very well,” she said, pulling out the appointment book. “The next time Mr. LeSueur Wample has available is tomorrow at nine o’clock.  Is that convenient for you?”
Franz was thrown off guard by the name.  “Did you say Mr. LeSueur Wample?”
The receptionist gave Franz a quizzical look.  “Yes.  Do you know him?”
He was beginning to regret this.  “Uh, no.”
She smiled slightly, as if she knew he wasn’t telling the truth.  “All right.  Tomorrow at nine o’clock it is.  And your name?”
“Um...Franz,” he said, getting up. “Thank you very much.”
“Thank you,” the receptionist replied, standing up and shaking hands with him, “and good luck.”
Franz turned around and made the fastest exit in his life.  He had no plans to keep the appointment, and wanted to leave the building as soon as possible.  He had opened the door and nearly dashed out when he saw no other than Jean-Luc LeSueur Wample standing in front of him.  Instead of the outdated outfit he had on the boat, he was wearing a white broadcloth shirt with two buttons undone and beige trousers.  It wasn’t exactly appropriate attire for work, but no one would blame him because of the unbearable heat.
“Scheisse!” Franz yelled.
Jean-Luc simply shook his head.
“C’est mal.  Tres tres mal.” 
“I can’t believe you’re still pretending that you are French,” Franz said.
“Are you following me?” Jean-Luc asked.
“No.  I’m trying to avoid you.”
“Well, you’re not doing a very good job of it, are you?” Jean-Luc replied. “Now, if you would excuse me...”
“Mr. Wample!” the receptionist said, approaching them. “So, you do know Mr. Franz!”
Jean-Luc turned around and gave Franz an amused look.
“Mr. Franz?” he said, smiling.
“Yes,” the receptionist piped up, much to Franz’s chagrin. “He has a meeting with you tomorrow at nine o’clock.  He’s looking for a job.”
“He is?  Well, he can come in my office right now.  I have a job waiting for him!”
“I have other obligations,” Franz said. “I must go now.  I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Your salary will be fifteen hundred dollars a year if you come into my office right now.”
“Fifteen hundred a year?”
“Oui.”
“And what if I come tomorrow?”
“Well, it may not be so much.”
“That’s ridiculous!”
“That’s life.”
“What sort of job is it anyway?”
“A very good one.”
“I assumed that.  What will I do?”
“Come to my office and you will find out.”
He would be foolish if he refused that offer.  “All right,” he conceded.
Jean-Luc’s office was as strange as he was.  It was covered with colorful maps, some in overbearing metal frames; others simply tacked to the wall with darts sticking out of them.  A collection of globes lay about the room, large ones in metal stands in all four corners, medium and small ones crowding the windowsill behind his desk, and there were a few hanging from the ceiling.  There was also the smell of cigar smoke and reams of paper covering his desk, overflowing onto to the floor, and on one of the two chairs in front of him.
“Assez.  Wherever,” he said, walking to his desk and swinging one arm out in an extravagant gesture.
“You are insane,” Franz declared, sitting down on the one chair not cluttered by paper.
“Care for a cigar?” Jean-Luc asked, ignoring his remark.
“Certainly,” Franz said, though he had never smoked anything in his life.
Jean-Luc pulled a humidor out of his desk and handed a cigar and a gold plated lighter to Franz.  He smiled wryly as Franz fumbled with them.  He laughed when Franz inhaled and starting choking.
“It must be so hard for a twelve year old to play grown up,” Jean-Luc said, as he adeptly fondled his own cigar. “Give me the lighter.”
Franz nearly threw it at him.  “For your information,” he said tightly, “I’m twenty-two years old.  I am a grown up.”
“Ahh, oui,” Jean-Luc signed as he lit his own cigar and took his first puff, “a ripe old age.  You’re nearly as old as my youngest child.  And how old is your little wife?  Seven?”
“Fifteen.”
“Mon Dieu, so early to be married.  So, are you educated?”
“Yes, I graduated from the University of Hamburg two years ago.”
“What did you study?”
“Business...and literature.”
“Good combination.  Now, what else should I ask you?  Employment.  What other positions have you held before you came here?”
“I first worked as an assistant in a factory in London.”
“Then?”
“Then I was promoted.”
“To what?”
“To a supervisor.”
Jean-Luc took another puff on his cigar and exhaled a perfect ring.  “Quite a leap.  What had you promoted so quickly?”
“Oh, I don’t know,” Franz shrugged. “I suppose I was doing a good job.”
“What was your relationship with your employer?”
“It was good.”
“Did he like you?”
“I suppose so.”
“Then why are you here asking me for a job?”
Franz sighed.  “It’s very complicated to explain, but basically I left.”
“For what reason?”
“A very personal reason.”
“You won’t get this job until you tell me.”
“Oh...you could say I was under a tremendous amount of stress.  There were a lot of problems in my life at the time and the position entailed heavy responsibility.  Plus, I didn’t enjoy what I was doing at all.  So, I simply left.”
“Now, why did you take this job in the first place, if it wasn’t something that you desired to do?”
“Because...I have an ass for a father.  He also worked for the company and wanted me to work there, too.”
“Ahh...he loves his pappan.  How endearing.”
“Do I have this job, Monsieur?”
Jean-Luc paused for another puff on his cigar, which irritated Franz highly.  He wished he would say either yes or no.
“Congratulations Francis, or Franz or whatever your name is.  You are our newest employee.”
“Actually, it’s Franz, and thank you,” Franz replied. “Should we shake hands?”
“If you wish,” Jean-Luc said, extending his arm, and shaking hands with Franz. “You can put your cigar in the ash tray right over there.”
“I’m sorry, but it was rather awful,” Franz replied, placing it in a tray that was actually half of a small globe.
“I’m so glad that you didn’t enjoy it,” Jean-Luc said. “Now I can have it all to myself.  Unless you’re carrying bubonic plague, that is.”
“No, unfortunately I’m not.”
“Tres bon.  Now please get out.”
Franz was about to leave when he realized he didn’t ask two crucial questions.
“Um...pardon me, but I was wondering what exactly my job was, and also, when do I start?”
“Good questions, dear Franz, and I’m so happy you thought of them before you left my office, so you don’t have to come back again.  The answers are...un...your job is assistant fiction editor!  You get to read manuscripts all day, and if you like them, give them to Mr. Miniver, who will decide if they will published, and if you don’t, just send a nice little note off to Monsieur or Madame Writer saying ‘Merci but no merci’.  I think you’re going to enjoy it much more than your last job, since I remember your wife saying that you were a writer yourself.  Et deux...you start tomorrow, at...guess what...nine o’clock!”
“You may be French,” Franz said, “but you’re definitely English.  Good day, Mr. LeSueur Wample.  I never thought I would ever like anything about you, but unfortunately, now I do.”
“You’re a miserable little bastard, but your mastery of the French language is impeccable.  That’s the only reason why I like you, Franz.  Now please go, and good day.”


Chapter 47--June 27


Franz never thought it possible to tire of reading, but now he knew it was.  He was extremely busy, sometimes working past six o’clock at night.  They both were so busy they hadn’t seen the attractions the great city they lived in offered.  Franz had no spare time to write, so the desk he set up in the small room off the kitchen remained unused.  One night, unable to sleep, he decided he would start writing another novel.  After an hour of staring at a blank piece of paper, he gave up.  He thought of the novel he had started a few months before, now lying in a desk drawer in Germany.  There was no way he could return and get it, but he didn’t want to rewrite it either.  He thought of his aunt.  He hoped she wasn’t overwhelmed with worry, but he had a feeling she was, considering he vanished and she hadn’t heard from him for several months.  The proper thing to do was to write to her, so she would know he was alive.  It also was a good way to get his manuscript to New York.  It was risky, but if he strongly emphasized that she must not tell anyone of his whereabouts, she would do that.  She always had his best interests in mind.
He picked up the pen, and after a few moments of consideration, he wrote a three page long letter.  After he decided he was satisfied with what he wrote, he addressed an envelope, neatly folded the letter, and put it inside.  He looked at the envelope, remembering that night.  What would his aunt think?  She would be horrified, but he knew she would forgive him and she would keep it a secret.  He thought about what he had done.  It was a truly horrible crime, and no amount of reasons, however valid, would justify it.  He didn’t think of himself as a murderer, but he was.  He thought once he was in America, he could separate himself from it, but he couldn’t.  Not even a whole ocean could change the reality of what he did.
His vision blurred and he could feel a few warm tears slide out.  He wanted to drink badly but didn’t want to ruin what he had made here.  Still, the guilt was overwhelming.  If he didn’t have Caitlin, he would have killed himself.  He thought he more than deserved it.  
He wanted so badly to rid himself of the pain.  He put his hands over his face and leaned on the desk.
“Oh God,” he cried, hating the weak sound of his voice, “why didn’t you stop me from doing that?”


Chapter 48--May 1, 1913


Franz gazed at the lit candles.  Their twin flames danced.  He came home early from work so he and Caitlin could celebrate their first anniversary.  He expected she would return around six o’clock, but when Franz checked his pocket watch, he found it was nearly seven.  What was keeping her tonight?  Didn’t she know what day it was?  Maybe something happened to her on the way home?  She fell or there was an accident?  Nein, he told himself, it’s nothing like that.  Her employer is just overburdening her with work, as usual.
Franz thought of the past year; it was quiet and harmonious.  He was still working at Washington Miniver, and enjoying it.  When his aunt sent him his manuscript, he wrote the rest of it.  It was hard the first few weeks, because his job gave him no free time.  He took a very big risk by asking his employer to cut back his hours so he could have time to complete his novel.  He was certain his request would be denied, and he might be reprimanded, but no such thing occurred.  His employer responded with a smile, and ‘Of course’.  Franz was still convinced he would be fired, but he never was.  In January, he finished the novel, and at Jean-Luc’s urging, he submitted it.  Franz felt it was a little presumptuous to submit it to a publisher he worked for, and didn’t believe his manuscript would be accepted.  At the end of the day, though, the fiction editor walked up to his small desk and shook his hand.  He was full of praise for his story, extravagantly extolling its virtues.  In January of 1913, the first copies of his novel were published.  Franz kept the first book that rolled off the presses, and sent the second copy off to his aunt.  She sent him a letter of thanks and updated him on the situation in Germany.  She said his father missed him very much.  ‘Every time he hears your name, he breaks out into tears.’ his aunt wrote back, ‘He’s convinced that you killed yourself.  Things have been very hard for him lately.  He and Berta got into an argument recently, because she wants to have children, but your father thinks he’s too old for another child.  Well, she left him the next day, which completely broke his heart.  I want very desperately to tell him that you are all right to make him feel better, but I know that is not what you want, so I don’t.’  Franz caved in, and wrote his father a letter, to which his father didn’t respond.  He didn’t trust him to keep his secret safe, but he also didn’t want to cause him unnecessary pain.  Aurelia spoke for him, ‘Your father was so happy to hear from you.  He also wants to congratulate you on your marriage and your new job.  He is very proud that you are doing so well.’  It didn’t sound like his father, but Franz accepted it as the truth.  Surprisingly, Josef had more business acumen than Franz realized.  MMW’s business was skyrocketing, according to his aunt.  ‘Your father wants me to tell you that MMW has so much work that they can’t keep up.  They had to open up a factory in Birmingham, England, and they are looking at opening another one up so they can serve Eastern Europe and Russia better.  He now lives in your home in Hamburg, but he is thinking of moving to London, because he is afraid to run into Berta.  A lawyer served him divorce papers yesterday.  It completely crushed him.  I’ve also seen her, walking around with another man.  How could she do such a thing?  Well, maybe he’ll meet someone worthwhile when he goes on vacation in Cornwall this summer, so he’ll forget about that awful girl.  Oh yes, before I forget to tell you, your father now also has a new auto.  He can drive it very well, too.’
Franz was glad his father decided to spend his precious money, and Berta came to her senses.  He was also relieved the police in England had no idea where he was.  ‘Suspect in Arson Murder Disappears’, a newspaper clipping his aunt sent him read.  They were also looking for Caitlin.  They found out about her, and though the police didn’t consider her a suspect, they wanted to question her because of her close link to the Meyer’s, and they suspected, to Franz.  The article said the last time Franz was seen was when he was questioned at the police station, which was a complete relief to him.  
He wasn’t going to tell Caitlin about any of this.  It would be useless to have her worried.  He had no idea if Dana and Cook were in jail, but he suspected they were.  He felt very happy he wasn’t in their position right now.
He heard the door to their apartment open.  He looked up and saw Caitlin, carrying a pile of materials.
“Hello, darling,” he said, as he walked into the living room and greeting her. “Would you like me to help you?”
“Yeah,” Caitlin replied, “these things get so bloody heavy after a while.”
“Do you want me to put them in the sewing room?” he said, taking them out of her hands.
“Yes, just put them on my chair.  I’ll sort them out later.”
He did that and came back into the living room.  He saw Caitlin sprawled out on one of their chairs, looking completely exhausted.
“Did you have a busy day?” he asked her.
“You could say that!” Caitlin replied. “I was sewing like a maniac.  Mrs. Herz decides to sew up all these costumes for a Broadway play.  I think it’s got a cast of thousands because I haven’t seen so much fabric in my life.  I don’t why she did it, because we’ve all got enough work as it is.  But the thing is next week, and working eight hours a day is not going to do, so I decided to take some of this home.  So how was your day?”
“It went very well.”
“Get any writing done?”
“Oh yes, two chapters today.”
“I wish I didn’t have any deadlines.  I’ve been working so much I don’t even have time to think.”
“Well, it’s your time to relax now.  Do you know what day it is?”
Caitlin rubbed her eyes.  “Thursday, right?”
Franz frowned.  “Yes, it is, but what day is it?”
Caitlin sighed.  “I haven’t a clue.  I know it’s April, but I don’t know exactly what day it is.  I suppose it’s the thirtieth.  Am I right?”
Franz shook his head.  “It’s not April anymore.”
It finally occurred to her.  “Ohhh...I can’t believe it!  I wanted to remember this day too.  I’m really sorry that I forgot about it, Franz.  I really mean that.”
“Don’t worry,” he replied. “It’s completely understandable.  I have something special prepared for you in the kitchen.”
“I’d like to see it,” Caitlin said, “but I’m very tired.”
“I can carry you, if you like,” Franz offered.
Caitlin smiled.  “Being Mr. Romantic, huh?  Well, come on, Romeo, take me to thy kitchen.”
They laughed, and Franz put his arms underneath her body and carried her into the other room.
“Oh Franz!” she shouted when she saw the fancy table setting. “That is so lovely!”
“You are really going to enjoy dinner, too,” he said, setting her on a chair.
“What is it?”
“The biggest piece of steak you could ever imagine,” he said, “with jacket potatoes, and asparagus.”
“Ummm...it all sounds good.  I’m starving too, so it’ll be especially delicious.”
“I also bought you some flowers,” he replied, taking two-dozen red roses in a vase out of the pantry, and putting them on the table.
“Oh, they’re beautiful!” she said, standing up slightly and sniffing one. “You really went out of your way for this.”
“Of course,” Franz replied. “It’s a very special day.  Not only is it the one year anniversary of the happiest day of my life, it’s the one year anniversary of the day I was able to share it with you.”
Caitlin sighed.  “I can’t take much more, Franz.”
“Ah, but there is more,” he said, pulling a bottle of champagne out of the icebox. “What’s a romantic dinner without a bit of the bubbly stuff?”
“Only rich people drink that,” Caitlin replied.
“But you’re forgetting,” Franz said. “We are rich, because we have each other.”
“You better stop this,” Caitlin warned, rubbing both of her eyes. “I’m tearing up already.”
“All right,” Franz said, serving their dinner. “I will stop for now, but after dinner, I have an extra special surprise for you.”
“What is it?” Caitlin asked.
“You’ll have to wait,” Franz said. “That’s why I call it a surprise.”
“Ohhh...come on.”
“No,” Franz replied gently. “I won’t tell you until you finish your dinner.”
“Well, this is going to be the fastest dinner in the west,” Caitlin said. “I just can’t wait.”
Actually, Caitlin took her time eating dinner, and they had a lively, stimulating conversation.  It was incredible how far she came since they moved to New York.  Franz managed expose her to a little bit of culture.  On the weekends, they attended museums, plays, concerts and art galleries.  Franz also tried to improve her reading skills.  He bought her books that would be very challenging for her to read, and had her complete them as if they were school assignments.  It took a while for her to get through most books, but she was interested in them and did her best to understand them.  She also read Franz’s first novel and it didn’t take her long to realize the story and characters were based on what happened to them.  She loved the novel and actually was the one who came up with the idea for the second book.  They had attended a circus one weekend, and they were particularly intrigued by one of the sideshows, called ‘The World’s Oddest People’.  Most of them had bizarre talents, but others in the show were there because of their physical attributes and deformities.  There was this one person, called ‘Jungle Boy’, who appeared and acted more like an animal.  Despite his appearance, Caitlin sympathized with him because of the rough way he was being treated by his ‘owner’.  After they returned home, she suggested to Franz that he write a story based on that person, so that others would realize that ‘odd’ people were still human.  Franz thought that was a wonderful idea for a novel, and with Caitlin’s help, set about creating an outline.  They also read ‘The Phantom of the Opera’.  Franz was surprised how quickly Caitlin grasped the concept of the book.  She hardly asked any questions regarding it, and unlike previous books she had read, she was willing and able to discuss it with Franz.  I’ve turned her into an intellectual, Franz thought, as the topic of their dinner conversation turned toward the book.
“You know what I’m thinking of doing?” Caitlin said, changing the subject.
“What is that?”
Caitlin smiled shyly.  “Well...I’d like to be a nurse.”
“A nurse?” Franz said. “Why is that?  Don’t you like being a seamstress?”
“I love being a seamstress,” Caitlin replied. “It’s just that I want to help people more.”
“You have to go to school in order to be a nurse.”
“You do?” Caitlin said. “I suppose I don’t have a problem in doing that.”
“You also have to have a secondary school education.”
“Ugh…” Caitlin growled. “Bloody hell!  Why do you have to go to school to do anything important?  I know I could be a nurse right now.  What difference would a few more years of school make?”
“We could solve that problem if you like,” Franz suggested. “We could enroll you into a girls’ school.  I don’t think you would have a problem learning and you could have a chance to be with other young ladies your age.”
“Oh Franz...I don’t want to go to school.  I don’t like listening to some teacher chat on and on about some boring thing or another.  I want to work and earn money.”
“Then continue being a seamstress.”
“But I want to be a nurse!”
“But you have to go to school to be a nurse.”
“Can’t I just lie about it?  I don’t want to go to some dull school!”
“I think it would be best if you finish secondary school first.”
“I suppose I’ll just go on being a seamstress then, and dream of being a nurse while I’m working.”
“I’ve got an idea!” Franz said suddenly. “You could volunteer!”
“Be a nurse’s helper, you mean?”
“Yes, but you would only do it once or twice a week and you wouldn’t get paid.  I think it would be a good way of learning what being a nurse entails, and you could decide if it worth the trouble of getting an education.”
“Yeah, that sounds like a good idea to me.  How would I do that?”
“We’ll have to ask some hospitals around here if they need volunteers.  That way you can still make money as seamstress, but you’ll also be helping people more as you said.”
“You’re a brilliant man, Franz Warholm.”
“And you’re a very smart lady, Caitlin Hadley.”
“I’m not really smart at all.  I just have a lot of good sense, so it makes me seem smart.”
“Oh no, you are smart, and you have a lot of good sense, too.  I must say that’s a rare combination.”
“Oh...well...I suppose I’m getting smarter.  I actually know some real poems besides the one about the man from Nantucket.”
When they were finished, Franz led an excited Caitlin into their bedroom.  Lying on their metal frame bed was an extravagantly wrapped box.  
Caitlin picked up the box and shook it.
“Open it up,” Franz replied. “I think you’ll really like it.  It’s very pretty.”
Caitlin did so eagerly.  Franz thought she would be happy with her gift, but her expression seemed more confused.
“What is this?” she said, holding up the garment like it was contaminated.
“It’s lingerie,” Franz replied. “Don’t you like it?”
Caitlin threw it on the bed and examined it.  “What are those straps on the bottom?”
“They’re to hold your stockings in place.”
Caitlin looked up at Franz, hurt in her eyes.  “I’ve seen this sort of thing before.  This is what whores wear.”
“Caitlin-”
“What!” she snapped.
“One of the things that makes a marriage complete is intercourse.  I assumed that after a year you would have some desire for me like I have for you.”
Caitlin stood up, and with a rigid stance, walked over to Franz.  He was about to explain his position further when she slapped him across the face with the back of her hand.  He reeled back.
“Pervert!” she spat out. “I should have known...you only did all those things to use me!”
“No,” Franz replied, putting his hand on the spot where she hit him, “that’s not it at all.”
“Shut up!” she screamed. “I told you and told you.  I don’t want a man inside me.  It’s scary and it hurts.  And I don’t want a baby either!  Why do you keep making me do those things?”
“Caitlin-”
“Don’t say no again!” she replied, tears appearing in her eyes. “That’s exactly what you want!  You don’t care what I think.  You keep bothering me to have it, even though you know how I feel.”
“Please let me explain,” Franz said.
“You explained it all before,” Caitlin replied. “You’re a man and you got your needs.  Well, I got my needs too, and they’re not what a man needs, but you don’t care.”
“You have to try,” Franz said. “Just this once.  I promise I won’t hurt you.”
“No,” Caitlin said, drained of energy. “I’m not trying anything.  If you need it so badly, then go to a whore.  That’s what they do for a living.”
“You know I would never do that.”
“Then find yourself another wife,” she said, marching out of the bedroom. “I’m leaving.” 


Chapter 49


Caitlin roamed New York with tears running down her cheeks.  At one point, she stepped into an alleyway, and sobbed uncontrollably.  She couldn’t believe he would do such a thing, especially when he knew everything she had been through.  She boarded a ship with him, hoping for a new life, one year ago.  It amounted to nothing.  She remembered something Ada said to Matilda years ago, when the young girl found a beau:  ‘Be careful, and remember that all men think with their loins.  Don’t let them get too close or they’ll use you.’  Caitlin didn’t consider Ada a fountain for words of wisdom, but in this instance she was right.  Caitlin thought Franz was different, but it wasn’t true.  He was just more skillful at getting what he wanted.  She was used yet again.
After fifteen minutes, she stopped sobbing.  She didn’t know how she was going to do it, but she had to get beyond this.  She didn’t want her trip across the ocean to be in vain.  She lost Franz, but she had her ambitions, and she was much smarter than a few years ago.  She had the ability to survive on her own.  But what was she going to do?
She sat down in the alleyway and thought.  First, she had to find a place to stay temporarily.  Perhaps Mrs. Herz would let her sleep at her flat.  Then, what?  Well, she would have to find someplace to live by herself.  After she was settled, she would try to apply to a nursing school.  Never mind that secondary school rubbish, she thought.  All I’ll do is fib a bit on the application.  Who is going to notice?  In few years, she would be a nurse, and she wouldn’t need Franz anymore.  The thought of meeting a handsome doctor and marrying again made her smile.  She would have her own home, and wouldn’t want for anything.  He wouldn’t demand anything except her company, because he would understand the sort of problems she had.  She would have a wonderful life, with nowhere to go except up.
She stood up, and brushed her dress off.
“I’m not going to be used anymore,” she said, and walked in the direction of Mrs. Herz’s shop.
She pressed the doorbell several times, until she heard someone climbing down the stairs.  Mrs. Herz opened the door.
“Caitlin!” she said, the surprise showing in her dark brown eyes. “What are you doing outside at this hour?”
“My husband and I,” Caitlin said slowly, “we got into a fight.  I don’t want to stay with him anymore.”
Mrs. Herz nodded.
“Oh, I see,” she replied, “and you need somewhere else to stay?”
“Yes.”
“Come right in, then,” she said, gesturing grandly. “We don’t have very much, but we do have an extra bed.”
“Oh, thank you,” Caitlin replied. “I’m so happy you don’t mind.”


Chapter 50--November 24, 1918


It had been two weeks since the war ended, and they were coming home.  Though the nurses hadn’t done any fighting, they looked like they did.  Caitlin felt they had a harder time than most of the soldiers.  All they had to do was fight and die, she thought, but we’re the ones that had to fix them up.  It must have been hard on the surviving soldiers, though.  She was now familiar with the term ‘shell shock’, even though no one ever told her what it meant. She remembered the half-crazed look in their eyes, their screams, and their convulsions.  She couldn’t remember any one individual though.  There were so many of them that they were all the same.
They approached New York, but none of the passengers cried with joy.  They just looked out at the city, some with sighs, others with tears in their eyes.  Caitlin had seen it before, six years ago.  That day seemed far away now.  She remembered the perfectly clear skies.  Today it was overcast, and looked as if it were going to rain.  She was also with Franz and now she was alone.
She hadn’t thought of him in a long time, years in fact.  When she was in France every waking moment she only cared for wounded soldiers.  She couldn’t think about anything else.  It was going to be hard to be by herself.  She knew she would be thinking about Franz, and where he could be.
In a way, she regretted leaving him, but in another, she didn’t.  The day after she left him, she expected him to be at the tailoring shop, begging her to return, but he never came.  Mr. Herz stopped over their apartment to retrieve the fabric.  When he brought it back to the shop, he described Franz as ‘half naked and half drunk’ when Caitlin asked about him.  She thought about going back, afraid he would drink himself to death, but decided against it.  As the days passed, she decided that being apart was for the best.  Six weeks later, she moved out of the Herz’s apartment, and into a women’s dormitory.  Not long after that, she applied for nursing school.  She added two years on to her age, and stated she had finished a full twelve years of schooling.  They didn’t check into her background and she was accepted right away. Though she found nursing school very challenging, she was certain this is what she wanted to do.  She managed to pass all her courses, and was a year into her education when the war broke out.  At that time, there was a severe shortage of medical personnel overseas, so the school started a program where nursing students could travel overseas to assist the Red Cross in exchange for course credit.  Most of the students thought it was an insane idea.  ‘Who would want to be in the middle of a war?’ they said, but Caitlin found it exciting.  She would see real battles!  If she knew how long she would be there, she would not have volunteered, but everyone thought the war would last a year, not four.  Looking at the Statue of Liberty approaching, she supposed it was an awfully good experience, with an emphasis on awful.  She would be able to handle any emergency, because she had seen and dealt with the worst.  There was no possible way any hospital wouldn’t hire her.  She knew everything a nurse had to know, even though she hadn’t received her license yet.  She didn’t think that would be a problem.  Most tests, including the paper kind, didn’t intimidate her anymore.
When she reached the mainland, she hugged her fellow volunteers good-bye.  She then picked up her bag, and walked back to the women’s dorm instead of taking a taxi.  She was halfway there, when she passed the Washington Miniver building.  She paused, wondering if she should go inside and ask about Franz.  She was curious to know how he was doing.  It was twelve o’ clock, so Caitlin thought she might ask him if he wanted to go out to lunch.  She certainly was hungry.
I suppose it wouldn’t hurt any, she thought, and opened the door.  She was greeted with an attractive receptionist with auburn hair and stylish clothes.
“May I help you?” the receptionist asked.
“Uh, yes,” Caitlin replied. “I’m looking for Franz.”
The receptionist looked puzzled.  “Franz?  There’s no Franz that works here.”
“Oh, he’s the assistant fiction editor.”
“I don’t think so,” the receptionist replied tartly, “not at this company at least.  Ronald Manton is the assistant fiction editor here.  Would you like to see him instead?”
“No, no,” Caitlin said, feeling confused.  Why would Franz leave Washington Miniver? Did he receive a promotion or did some other company lure him away? “Can I speak to Mr. LeSueur Wample?  He still works here, doesn’t he?”
“Yes, he works here.  Do you know him?”
“Yes, but it’s been quite a while since I’ve seen him.”
The receptionist looked at the appointment book.  “He’s free at the moment.  Would you like to speak to him?”
“Yes, very much.  Tell him it’s Caitlin.  He’ll know who I am.”
The receptionist walked to her employer’s door, opened it a crack, and announced Caitlin was outside.  
“You can go in,” the receptionist said.
Caitlin entered Jean-Luc’s office, and was taken aback by the large number of globes filling the room.
“They won’t bite you,” Jean-Luc said. “Would you like to sit down?”
Caitlin sat in the only chair not piled a foot high with papers.
“Caitlin...” Jean-Luc replied, looking at her intently. “Just who the hell are you, ma cherie?  I know who you are, yet I don’t know who you are.  Do you know what I mean?”
Caitlin giggled.  “Yes, I certainly do.  Well, you met me quite a few years ago.  We were on a ship coming back from England.”
“Darling, I’ve been on many, many ships.  You have to be more specific.”
“My husband, Franz, works here, or at least he used to.”
“Oh....” Jean-Luc said, his eyes opening wide. “Franz...yes...and you are his little underage wife.  Yes, now I remember you.  You looked through my telescope while we were on the ship.  I suppose Franz has cleaned his act up, and wants his job back now.  Is that it?”
“No,” Caitlin replied. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Franz doesn’t inform you of much, does he?”
“Well, there is a reason for that.” Caitlin said. “You see, I left him...five years ago.  I was wondering where he was.”
“Your guess is as good as mine,” Jean-Luc said. “I have no idea where he is either.”
“What happened?” Caitlin asked. “What would make him leave here?”
“He didn’t leave,” Jean-Luc said, leaning back in his chair. “I fired his sorry little buttocks.  It was about five years ago that he started arriving late, and not only arriving late, but intoxicated as well.  We all warned him of what the consequences were, and he did seem to improve after that for about eight months.  Soon after we published his second book, though, he started the tardy and drunk routine again.  A day didn’t go by where I didn’t scream at him, but he really didn’t seem to care.  Soon he didn’t bother coming in at all, so I had no choice but to fire him.”
“Did you ever see him again?”
“No,” Jean-Luc replied. “Neither did I hear from him again.”
Caitlin nodded, growing concerned.  She never thought his drinking problem would get that bad.
“Thank you very much, Mr. LeSueur Wample.” Caitlin said. “I hope you have a lovely day.”
They stood up and shook hands.
“Au revoir, Caitlin,” he replied, “and good day.”
After leaving her belongings in her old room, Caitlin walked anxiously through the neighborhood where she used to live with Franz.  She hoped he still lived in the flat they once shared, though she was beginning to have her doubts.
When she saw the right building, she walked up the steps and tapped on the door.  Instead of Franz, a middle-aged woman with an olive complexion, dark hair, and large brown eyes opened the door.
“Excuse me,” Caitlin said. “I’m sorry to disturb you, but I was wondering if Franz was here.”
“No Franz,” the lady replied in a heavily accented voice. “Only Antonio.”
“Did you know where Franz went?”
The lady shook her head.
“No Franz,” she replied. “I know no Franz.”
“Very well, then,” Caitlin said, getting upset. “Thank you anyhow.”
Caitlin visited the tailoring shop where she used to work.  Mrs. Herz was still there, and greeted her warmly.  She offered to make her lunch.  Since Caitlin’s stomach was growling fiercely, she readily agreed.  She didn’t think she would find Franz in time for lunch anyway.
Mrs. Herz locked up her shop and they went upstairs.  Over homemade pasties, vegetable soup and tea, they discussed what happened in their lives in the past four years.  Caitlin told her about the war.
“That sounds horrible!” Mrs. Herz replied. “I read all about it in the papers, but I’ve never thought things were that bad.  I’m so happy it’s over. Now we can all go on with our lives, and we don’t have to put up with all the rationing.”
“I was wondering,” Caitlin asked, “have you seen Franz at all recently?”
Mrs. Herz frowned, but did not say anything right away.
“No,” she finally replied offhandedly.
“Are you certain?”
“Yes,” Mrs. Herz replied. “I haven’t seen him in quite a long time.”
“Where did he go?” Caitlin cried. “It’s like he’s disappeared off the earth.”
“I’m sure he’s on the earth somewhere,” Mrs. Herz reassured her. “I promise if I ever do see him about, I will tell him that you’re looking for him.”
“Thank you,” Caitlin replied. “I just hope he’s still wants to see me.”
After saying good-bye to Mrs. Herz, Caitlin walked back to the dormitory.  She stayed a few minutes, then set out to find Franz.  For hours, she stopped everyone on the street and questioned them.  No one knew who he was, or had seen him.  It was nearly five o’ clock when she returned to the dormitory.  Night was falling, and she was hungry for dinner.  She ate a bland meal with some of the other ladies in the dining room, and didn’t speak at all.  Something kept telling her Franz was dead, but she didn’t want to believe it.
She retired early to bed, and it took only minutes before she was asleep.  She had a dream she was wandering New York City frantically, following his desperate call for help.  Everywhere she looked, though, she couldn’t find him.  When she finally did discover him, he was lying face down in a sewage drain, a bottle of liquor in one of his hands.  She dragged him to the sidewalk, and tried to awaken him, but he had turned a grayish-purple color.  She knew he was already dead.
She cried out so loud she woke herself up.  When she looked around the room, she saw it was very dark.  She turned on the light next to her bed.  The clock on the opposite wall read half past five.  Being nearly morning, she arose and dressed, hoping a little fresh air with help calm her and make her forget that horrible dream.
She walked downstairs and down the hallway to the back entrance into the courtyard.  It reminded her of the Meyer’s courtyard, except this one was a little bigger than theirs.  She thought of that winter day she shared with Franz in that courtyard almost eight years ago.  That was such a lovely night, she thought.  Though it was the worst time in her life, she would give anything to go back, just to know Franz was all right.
She heard a faint moaning sound.  She turned her head to get a sense of which direction it was coming from.  Since it seemed to be emanating from the pathway that connected the courtyard to the street, she walked towards the pathway, being careful not to get too close to whatever, or whoever, was making the noise.
“Ohhh...” a raspy voice murmured, “hilfe.”
“Franz?” Caitlin called, thinking the voice might have belonged to him. “Is that you?”
“Sick,” the voice replied. “Soooo sick.”
“Franz?”
The man didn’t say anything after that.  Caitlin peeked over the corner, and a crumpled figure was lying over one of the building’s grates.  It was still dark enough that Caitlin couldn’t discern his features.
She sneaked closer to him.  She heard his faint breathing.  She was relieved he had fallen asleep.  When she was about three feet away from him, she could see he was a vagrant, though a young and sickly one.  He was wearing a grimy white dress shirt that had half of its buttons missing.  His stomach was exposed.  He clutched it with one stick-like arm.  His trousers were in tatters and he had no shoes or socks.  Caitlin tentatively put a hand around his wrist.  The skin was ice cold.
She wondered what she ought to do with the fellow.  The dormitory didn’t allow any men inside, and any woman caught in the company of a man would be evicted.  Yet, this man was cold and alone.  He would die if she didn’t help him.
“Ahh, to hell with the house rules,” she said, and shook the man awake.
“Uhh...” he groaned, his watery bloodshot eyes fluttering.
“Sir,” Caitlin said, “would you like to go inside and eat some breakfast?”
“Breakfast?” the man said, his speech severely slurred.
“Yes, and then you can bathe.  I’m sorry to tell you this, but you smell terrible, like liquor and urine.  I think you would feel much better if that stench was removed.”
The man, clutching his stomach, sat himself up with his other arm.  His hair, which had grew past his shoulders, clung to his face in greasy strings.  Long fine strands of facial hair were under his chin and on his upper lip, resembling an immature beard.
“Owww...” the man cried out. “I don’t think I can walk.”
“Here,” Caitlin said, putting her arms around him, “I’ll help you up.”
She lifted him to standing position with a minimum of effort.  She couldn’t believe how light he was, and how fragile he felt.
They were able to look each other in the face for the first time.  Caitlin thought her eyes were deceiving her.  He recognized her too, because when he peered closer, his eyes opened wide, in horrified shock.
“It’s you,” she said.
“Ohhh...” he cried out, “I didn’t want you to see me like this.  I didn’t think we would meet again.”
“Let’s go inside,” Caitlin replied. “We can suss things out later.”


Chapter 51


She snuck him into the dormitory then started a bath for him.  While he was in her bathtub, she helped scrub his body clean.  Four years ago, she wouldn’t have been able to look at him unclothed, but after seeing hundreds, if not thousands, of men undressed, it didn’t bother her any longer.  She thought he might make some sort of advance toward her, but he didn’t.  When it was over, she helped him out.
“Sink,” he gasped, while sitting on the edge of the bathtub.
“What?” Caitlin said.
“Bring me over to the sink,” he said.  He began retching.
She carried him over to the sink just in time. 
“Are you all right?” Caitlin asked after he stopped.
“Yes,” he said, coughing, “for now, that is.”
“I’ll clean this up,” she replied, turning on the faucet.
“Sorry,” Franz said weakly.
“Don’t worry,” Caitlin replied, feeling like a nurse again. “Actually, it’s good that you got that out of your system.  Do you feel better now?”
“Yes,” Franz answered, “at least my stomach does.”
Caitlin helped him into bed, and covered him up with a blanket.
“What will the other women think if they found me here?” he said, smiling slightly.
“Well, I’ll make certain they won’t find out,” Caitlin replied. “Breakfast is served at seven.  I’ll try to bring some back to you.  Then I’ll go downtown and buy you some clothes.  I wouldn’t want to you to run around naked for the rest of your life, you know.”
Franz laughed.
“Then I have to sign up for my exam.”
“What exam?” Franz asked.
“My nursing exam, of course.”
“You went to nursing school?”
“Yes, and I also served as a volunteer during the war.”
“Oh my lord.  My Caitlin has certainly accomplished a lot.”
“Yes, I suppose she has.  Where have you been?  I’ve been looking for you, you know.”
“You have?”
“Yes, and I was worried about you.  I thought you might be dead.”
“Unfortunately, I’m not,” Franz said. “Where have I been?  Nowhere, really.  What have I done?  Nothing.  Absolutely nothing.”
They paused for a few moments.
“I should have never bought you that gift,” Franz sighed. “Things would be so much different now if I hadn’t.”
“It wasn’t the gift,” Caitlin said. “It was...well, you know.  If I had to do it all over again, I don’t think I would have left you.”
“You wouldn’t?”
Caitlin shook her head.  “But I thought you would come for me.  You never did, so I thought that you didn’t want me.”
“No, I wanted you, but I didn’t believe you wanted me.  I knew where you were, but I didn’t come for you because I thought you would reject me.”
“I would never reject you.  I thought you rejected me, actually, because I wouldn’t, you know, perform.”
“I don’t care if you perform or not.  That’s not why I married you.”
“I know, but it started to appear that way.”
“I’m sorry for that.”
Franz took hold of her hand.
“Would you like to start over?  We’ll pretend that incident never happened.  I promise I’ll never ask you again.”
“Well...you don’t have to do that.”
“What?”
“I mean...I’m twenty-one now.  What happened with Mr. Meyer is a long time ago, and I’ve seen worse things since then.  I’ve also started to get curious about it.  I’ve wondered what it’s like when you’re not forced into it.  It must be fairly enjoyable, otherwise people wouldn’t be getting married or having babies.”
“So, you want to do it?”
“Yes, I’d like to try.  Would you like to do it now?”
Franz looked shocked.  “Now?  You’re joking!”
“I have a few hours until breakfast.  You don’t want to do it?”
“No!  I never said that.”
“But you want to wait until later?”
“No!  I mean, no.  I can do it now.  I have no problem with now.”
“Very well, then,” Caitlin said.  She took off her shoes and slipped inside the blanket next to Franz.
“I suppose this means we’re starting over,” Franz said.
Caitlin kissed him on the nose.  “Yes, I suppose it does,” she replied.


Chapter 52--June 11, 1919


It had been over six months since they reunited and things couldn’t have been better.  The war was over, and everything was back to normal.  Caitlin received her nursing license, and was hired by The New York Infirmary in Lower Manhattan.  They stayed at a hotel near Union Square because they hadn’t found an apartment yet.  Franz considered going back to Jean-Luc and asking him for another job at Washington Miniver, but he thought it would be better to concentrate on writing another book.
There was a short knock at the door, while he was perusing the newspapers one morning.  He got up and looked through the peephole, and saw a nervous looking fellow wearing a drab outfit with a bright red bow tie.  He looked harmless enough, so Franz decided to allow him in.  First, though, he had to get dressed.
“Could you wait a minute or two?” he said through the door.
“Oh...of course,” the man said, his uneven voice matching his nervous demeanor. “I’ll be right here.”
Franz threw on a shirt, buttoned it up, and put on a pair of trousers.  He didn’t look well dressed, but it was good enough.  He didn’t care what the fellow thought of him. He opened the door.  The man was six inches shorter than he was, and actually, didn’t look much like a man.  Franz guessed he was in his early twenties at the oldest.
“Can I help you?” he said.
The man stepped back, almost as if he was frightened, and cleared his throat before he spoke.  “Yes...um, are you Willem Roesele?”
He must have read one of his books.  Everyone else called him Franz.  “Yes, I am,” he replied. “What do you want?”
“Well, I read your book, ‘The Forgotten Child’, and I must say it really inspired me.  And well...I’m in senior year as a drama student at New York University, and for my final project I have to write a screenplay.  I wanted to adapt the novel into a screenplay, but I didn’t want to do it without your express permission.”
“You have it.”
“Have what?” the man said, wiping his forehead nervously.
“My permission.”
The man sighed.  “Thank god...I thought you were going to yell at me.  I didn’t think you’d appreciate a student fooling with your work.”
“I don’t mind.  Actually, I’m happy to know that someone is still reading my books.  Did you read ‘Caterine’ yet?”
“Yes, I finished that last month.  That was your first novel, am I right?”
“Yes.”
“Do you have any more...books? I looked in the library and I found only two.”
“That is because I wrote only two.  I also have a book of poetry, but it’s all in German.”
“Is there an English translation?”
“Unfortunately, there isn’t.  Do you want to come in?” Franz asked.
“No...No, I just wanted to your permission, and um...” 
He opened the knapsack he was carrying and searched it.
“Here it is,” he said, pulling out a black leather bound book that Franz recognized as his. “Could you sign this?”
“Of course,” Franz said, taking the book from him. “But first, I need to ask you a few questions.”
“Oh dear,” the man said, tugging on his bow tie. “I’m really sorry that I disturbed you.”
“Don’t worry about it,” Franz replied, a little irritated with the young man’s timidity. “I’m not going to bite your arm off.  I just want to know how you found me.”
The man laughed.  “I’m glad you’re going to spare my arm.  How I found you...well it’s a little complicated.”
“Explain.”
“All right...you see, my father is the desk clerk here.  He read your books too, and he recognized your name, and told me you were staying here.  That’s how I found you.  I hope you don’t mind too much.”
“No,” Franz said, looking at the book. “Excuse me for a moment.  I have to find a pen.”
Luckily, a pen was provided as part of the hotel stationary, and Franz found it at the writing table right away.
Franz signed his name on the inside cover of the book and handed it over to the young man.
“Thank you,” the young man said gratefully.
“You’re welcome,” Franz replied. “I was wondering...what is your name?”
“Oh...that,” the young man replied, placing the book back into the knapsack, “My name is Harold Silva.  I should have told you that before.”
“It’s not a problem,” Franz said. “I wish you luck on your screenplay.”
“Thank you,” Harold said gratefully. “I’ll try to return the favor someday...if I can.”
Thirty seconds after Franz closed the door he heard a voice in the hall, a very familiar British voice, talking to Harold.
“Was it him?” the man demanded.
“Ohh...yes...it was,” Harold said.
“Franz Roesele, right?”
“Who?”
“Franz!” the man shouted.
“I thought his first name was Willem,” Harold replied, sounding like he was on the verge of crying.
“Forget it,” the man said in disgust. “Just go on your way.”
By then, Franz had bolted the door, but that wouldn’t be enough.  He moved the writing table up it.  Not knowing if he would be coming back to the hotel anytime soon, he grabbed his wallet.  Then he forced the window open as the police officer pounded on the door, and slipped out onto the fire escape.  Not looking down, he jumped the ten feet or so between him and the ground below.  He landed on his hands and knees.  Not bothering to brush the dirt off his hands and trousers, he ran down the street.
There weren’t very many people around, and Franz spotted a man carrying a newspaper in one hand and large suitcase in the other, entering a vehicle.
“Excuse me, sir,” Franz said, trying to suppress his panic. “I need a ride.  Where are you going?”
“Probably nowhere you’re interested in,” the man replied. “I’m heading toward Allentown, Pennsylvania.” 
“That’s exactly where I’m going!” Franz said. “Can I come along with you?”
The man looked at him strangely, but nodded.
“I suppose it’s all right,” he replied. “Come on in.”
Franz entered the automobile.  They were halfway down the street when he looked back and saw the detective on the fire escape, looking about in bewilderment.  He sighed, grateful he escaped once again.  He didn’t know where he was going, but he would straighten things out once he got there.  


Chapter 53


It seemed like any ordinary day until that man arrived.
Caitlin was concerned when she saw him.  He was sitting upon a gurney, his face and clothes covered with dust.  He looked scuffed up, and he was wheezing.
“Oh dear, what happened to you?” she asked, as she entered the examining room.
“Nothing,” the man replied. “I just took a bad fall.”
She looked down at his left leg, which was badly swollen.  She also noticed his left foot was twisted at an awkward angle.
“I think you may have broken your leg, too.”
“No, I haven’t,” the man said. “I walked all the way here from...ow...East Fourteenth Street.”
Caitlin felt his leg.  Not only did the man wince, but she also could feel the fracture.
“I’m going to have to summon a doctor.”
“No, you don’t.  I can walk fine...see,” The man said.  He jumped off the gurney and tumbled onto the floor.
Caitlin shook her head.  Typical, she thought, and then helped him onto the gurney again.
“You have a broken leg, so I have to admit you into hospital,” she told him.
“Aw, bloody hell, lady!” he cursed. “I have work to do!”
“Your work can wait!” she admonished him. “Now, I have to summon a doctor.  Do not move from this gurney, understand?”
“Yeah, I suppose so,” he said, his disgust obvious. “Just make it quick.”
Caitlin ran out of the room.  Fortunately, one of the interns was making his rounds down the hall.
“Can you help me, Dr.-”
“Chiden,” the young man replied.
“Dr. Chiden, I have a fellow in room two who very clearly has a broken leg.  Could you help me take him to the x-ray room?”
“Of course,” Dr. Chiden said.   She noticed he eyed her admirably.
Caitlin couldn’t believe how much the fellow protested as they took him to the x-ray room.  She assumed he would shut up when the doctor showed him the picture of his left leg, but he kept insisting he could walk.  Caitlin wondered what made him so determined to leave the hospital.  He kept on complaining he had to go, even after the doctor had set his leg and wrapped it.  Finally the doctor firmly stated he was not leaving for at least twenty-four hours.  Caitlin could tell the man wasn’t happy to hear that, but he quieted down.
“So, what is your name?” Caitlin asked him, as she cleaned off the wounds on his face with antiseptic.
“Danby,” the man replied.
“Danby?  That’s all?” she said.
“No, that’s not all.  My full name is Maurice Danby.”
“I can tell that you’re British.”
“Like you are?” Maurice replied sharply.
“Yes,” Caitlin said, nodding. “I’ve been here quite a while though.  What exactly are you after?”
“A murderer,” he stated.
“Oh, you’re a policeman.”
“A detective, really.”
Caitlin nodded.  “So, there’s a murderer roaming the streets of New York?”
“Yes.”
“Does anyone else know this?”
“No, and it’s going to stay that way.”
“Why?  Aren’t the New York police helping you out?  I heard they’re the best in the world.”
“No, they are not.”
“Why not?”
Maurice stared at her as if she were an idiot.
“This is my case.  I will make this arrest...alone.”
“Very well, then.  I hope you catch the bastard soon.  Perhaps I can help you.  People are constantly coming in and out of this hospital.  If you tell me about this person, I can tell you if I’ve seen him or not.”
“His name is Franz Christian Warholm, but he could also be known as Francis Winston, Willem or Franz Roesele.  He was last seen in England about seven years ago.  Do those names sound familiar?”
“Oh...I really don’t know,” Caitlin replied.  She felt as if a stone had dropped into her stomach. “Well...not really, but I will check the hospital records for any of them.  What does he look like?”
“He’s a twenty-nine year old German national,” Maurice replied, sounding as if he were reciting a speech, “but he speaks English extremely well, so it may not be obvious.  He is also fluent in French.  He’s approximately five feet seven inches tall, weighs about ten stone, and has brown hair and eyes.”
“I really haven’t seen anyone by that description,” Caitlin said.  She tried to sound perfectly calm.  She was succeeding with her voice, but she wasn’t sure about her body language.  She kept eye contact with the detective, so he wouldn’t think she was lying. “But I will keep a careful watch on anyone who looks like that.”
Maurice grabbed the notepad and pencil that were on this bedside table, wrote down a telephone number and handed it to Caitlin.  “If you see anyone by that description, get to a telephone as soon as possible, and have the operator connect you with the number on that card.  We also believe he has a companion with him.  I don’t know if she was an accomplice, a hostage, or a complete innocent, but I need to ask her a few questions.  Her name is Caitlin Hadley, but she might be going under an assumed name also.  She’s about twenty years of age, and about your size.  She has blond hair and blue eyes.”
“Basically, my twin,” Caitlin said, laughing nervously.
“Yes, but I’ve been told she’s completely illiterate, speaks with a very thick Cockney accent and has serious mental problems, all of which you obviously don’t have.”
Caitlin nodded emphatically.  A thin layer of perspiration covered her body, and it took all her strength to stop shaking.
“May I ask...who was murdered?” she said.
“Probably no one you know,” Maurice replied. “Actually it was three people--a man by the name of Heinrich Meyer, his wife, and his daughter.  They were all smothered in their sleep, and the house was set afire to cover it up.  A particularly brutal crime, really.  I’ve caught two of the assailants, but Warholm is still free.  I almost caught him today, in a hotel room, but he escaped again.  I tried to run after him, but as you know, when I jumped off the fire escape I was injured and couldn’t go on.  God knows where he is now.”
“I’m certain you’ll catch him eventually,” Caitlin said. “There’s only so many places he can hide.”
“That’s true,” Maurice replied, “and when his hiding places run out, I’ll be there to arrest his sorry arse.”
She wiped her forehead.  “It’s so hot in here.  Don’t you think so?”
Caitlin was barely able to concentrate as she left Mr. Danby in the examining room to go about her other duties.  She was extremely worried.  Would Mr. Danby talk to other people at the hospital?  She prayed not.
At least Caitlin knew Franz had escaped the clutches of Maurice Danby, but where could he be now?  Would she ever see him again?  She doubted it.
She was also worried Mr. Danby recognized her, but didn’t arrest her because of his condition.  She was certain he saw through her charade of innocence.  What was she to do?  She cried as she put away medical supplies.  She managed to stop after a few seconds, and decided the only thing she could do was return to the hotel.  But what if the police are there?  Well, she could stay with the Herz’s for a short while, but she would have to risk going to the hotel eventually.
She finished with her task, and then approached the head nurse.  The nurse gave her permission to go home, but she was less than thrilled about it.  Caitlin promised she would make up the hours, and left for the coatroom.
She had her purse in hand when a thought struck her.  She nearly smiled, because the idea seemed to answer all her problems.  There was a possibility it could go wrong, but she had to take the chance.  It was the only thing she could do to save Franz.
She dressed into her street clothes, and with her purse in hand, walked back to talk to Maurice Danby again.  By that time, he was assigned to a room on the third floor.
When she entered the room, she discovered him reading a magazine, his leg slightly raised.
“Mr. Danby?” she said timidly.
“Yes?” he said, not looking up at her.
“I have some information on the man you’re looking for,” she said.
His entire expression changed.  He put the magazine down and gazed at her with intense interest.
“He was at this hospital?”
“Yes,” Caitlin replied. “I looked up his name in the medical files.  It was Franz Warholm.  He was admitted last November, suffering from exposure.”
“Really?  Do you have any idea where he had gone?”
“Well, now I remember him.  He looked basically the same as you described, but he wasn’t ten stone.  He was extremely thin, eight stone at the most.  He was a charming fellow, but it was clear that he had run on hard times.  He lost all his money, so he told me, and he decided to return to England.  He told me he had family there.”
“I will follow up on that lead when I return home.  Thank you very much, Nurse.  I hope you have a pleasant afternoon.”
“I will,” Caitlin replied, knowing her afternoon was going to be anything but that.  


Chapter 54--December 14, 1919


It had been six months since Caitlin heard from Franz.  She didn’t think she’d see him again either.  I suppose it’s for the best, she thought.   He probably doesn’t want me to be in trouble.
Still, she hoped he would return to New York, now that it was safe.  Maurice Danby had departed to England months ago.  She convinced the manager of the hotel to let her stay for another month, making amends by paying for the damage to the door and writing table.  After that, she returned to the women’s dormitory.
Caitlin had no idea what she should do.  Should she start looking for Franz, or should she settle down in New York and forget about seeing him again?  What about her future?  Should she start looking for another partner?  What about their marriage?  Was it over?  She wished there was some way she could get in contact with him.
She liked working at the hospital but she was homesick.  She wanted to return to England, but knew she never could.  Instead, she decided to get back in touch with Carl Holden and the Hansons.
She wrote to them, and told them everything that had gone on in her life since she last saw them.  She told them about Franz’s situation, and that she had no idea where he was.  Carl answered her first.  His relief bubbled from his writing.  He was still practicing law in Manchester.  He wasn’t very happy with Franz, though.


Dearest Caitlin:  

I’m so happy to hear from you!  I never thought it would happen.  And Franz…well…it’s good to hear that he’s alive but I’m a little miffed at him.  That man has caused me a bit of trouble. The police questioned me only a day after both of you left, for about forty-eight hours.  They didn’t believe me at all when I told them I had no idea where he ran off to.  I also told them everything I knew about the situation at the time, even though I didn’t particularly want to.  They finally had no choice but to let me go, since I did nothing wrong.  From time to time the case appears in the newspapers, and I’ve been questioned a few more times whenever some new evidence appears.  I’ve defended your innocence in this whole mess, but they still want to question you.  I don’t know why, because you don’t know that much about this situation.  Oh yes, one other interesting tidbit:  I’ve told the police about all the people Henry Meyer killed, and requested that they do a thorough search of the ground where the house stood.  I still can’t believe what they found.  Six bodies!  They identified two of them so far.  They were his chauffeur and one of his chambermaids who was last seen about fifteen years ago. There’s a third that they believe is Victoria Meyer.  Pieces of her clothing were found next to her, and when they exhumed her supposed gravesite in order to confirm the body’s identity, they discovered her coffin was empty!  The other three bodies they have no idea who they could be, but they believe they are possibly other members of Henry Meyer’s family.  Right now, Dana Todd and Myles Nelson are both in prison, but they’ve been spared from death because of all this ghastly information on Henry Meyer.  They still don’t have it particularly easy though.  Both of them will be prison for the rest of their lives.
Again, it is so wonderful to hear from you.  I can’t believe how well you have done for yourself.  Then again, I do believe it.  You are a very intelligent girl.  I do hope you write soon.  

Yours very truly, Carl.

A letter from Helen came the next day.  She was thrilled to hear from her, and happy she had become a nurse.  She was full of news about Francis, whom Caitlin hadn’t thought of in a while.  It made her feel guilty, but then again, he never entered her thoughts without provoking much sadness, so she avoided thinking about him altogether.  Helen told her he was in his third year of school and was doing well.  He liked riding horses, so Charlie bought him a pony for his birthday.  He was also fond of reading, and liked to be read stories at bedtime.  Caitlin was happy, but hearing this made her heart ache.  Helen inserted a picture that had been taken of him a month ago, but Caitlin was afraid to take it out.  Finally, her curiosity overcame her, and she removed the picture and looked at it.  A full and handsomely shaped face, with bright, mischievous eyes stared back at her.  He had long legs, and dark wavy hair combed to the side.  It was hard to believe that was her son, because she always pictured him as a baby.  She thought as the years passed, it would not hurt as much to see and think of him, but that was not true.  She still missed him more than ever, and the hurt had not diminished with time.  It had only grown stronger.  She wanted to keep the picture next to her bed, but she didn’t want to look at it.  Instead, she placed it back in the envelope, along with the letter, and put both on the stand next to her bed.
The next day she went to work, and everything seemed normal until another nurse approached her.  She had an odd, almost happy look on her face.
“Someone wants to talk to you,” the nurse said.
“Who?” Caitlin asked.
“It’s a surprise,” the nurse replied.
Caitlin thought it was Maurice Danby, who was going to arrest her on the spot.  She didn’t want to go out to meet him, but it would appear strange if she didn’t, so she decided to go to the waiting room.
She gasped when she saw who was waiting there.
“Franz!” she said.
Franz stood up, a bouquet of flowers in his hand. 
“Cait-” he replied, as he walked over to her.
Caitlin laughed.  “I can’t believe it’s you!  I thought it was...you know.”
Franz put his arms around her, and kissed her on the cheek.
“Yes, I know,” he replied. “Here, these are for you.”
“Where in the devil have you been?” she asked, sniffing the flowers.
“California,” Franz said, almost whispering.
“California?  Isn’t that an awfully long way off?”
“Nearly three thousand miles, I believe,” Franz said. “Would you like to go there?”
“Go there now?”
“Of course.  I think you’re really going to like it, Caitlin.  It’s very beautiful.”
Caitlin pondered the possibility. 
“All right,” she replied. “I just have to get my coat.  I can’t tell you how glad I am to see you.  I wasn’t looking forward to finding another husband.”
“Now you don’t have to,” Franz said, humoring her. “From now on, I promise we’ll never be apart again.”


Chapter 55--February 10, 1920  Auburn


Caitlin looked out the window onto the town below.  As much as she loved New York, this was better.  The scene looked like a painting.  Maybe that is what I should take up next, she thought, painting.  She looked at the empty flower box.  And gardening, she added.  There were so many things to do, if only she weren’t so ill.
Luckily, she was feeling better.  Whatever she caught was wearing off, or maybe it was because the doctor was coming over, so of course she would recover today.
She heard the key turn in the door.  She saw Franz enter, along with a tall fair-haired man in a long tweed coat.  
“Hello,” Caitlin said.
“Cait, this is Dr. MacNeal,” Franz said.
Caitlin shook hands with the doctor, who was twice her size.
“How are you feeling today?” he asked.
“Better,” Caitlin replied.
“That’s good,” he said.
He asked her a battery of questions, and took the stethoscope out of his bag.  He placed it on various parts of her back and chest, and asked her to cough.  Then he took her temperature.
He frowned when he took it out of her mouth and looked at it.
“Do you think I’m sick?” Caitlin asked, feeling anxious by the look on his face.
“Well,” the doctor replied, “possibly, but I’m not sure what you have.  I know it’s definitely not the flu.  Your temperature is normal, there’s no congestion in your chest, and you say that the only thing that bothering you is nausea?”
“Yes, especially in the mornings, and I’ve been sick quite a few times in the past few weeks.”
“Hmmm...when was your last...time of the month?”
“Oh...I don’t know,” Caitlin tried to recall when it was. “I don’t remember having it last month...or the month before.”
She looked up at Franz and when she saw his expression change to one of astonishment, she knew what was wrong.
The doctor smiled ironically.  “I think you’ll be just fine in about...oh, six or seven months.”
“I can’t believe it,” Caitlin said. “I never thought it would happen again.”
Caitlin didn’t know how Franz felt.  He seemed more shocked than anything else.  So was she.  She didn’t want a family, and felt guilty about that.  It was unfair to Franz.  She shouldn’t deny him the chance to have children.  She wanted to talk to him and see what he thought, but something held her back.
That night, they were both sleepless in their bed, when Caitlin, frustrated with the whole situation, spoke up.
“Franz?” she said out loud to the darkness.
“Yes?” he replied.  She heard him turn around to face her.
“I was wondering...how do you feel...about all this?”
“I really don’t know yet.  I suppose it’s a good thing.  We’ve been married for nearly eight years.  I’m thirty years old, you’re almost twenty-three.  It’s about time that we started a family, but...”
“What?”
“Well, to tell you honestly, I was never particularly interested in having children, and...the trouble I’m in, I don’t think it would be wise to bring a child into that.  Do you know what I mean?”
“Yes.  So, you don’t want children?”
“I don’t know.”
Caitlin sighed.  “I wish you did.  It would make my decision much easier.”
“What decision?”
“I don’t want it, Franz.”
She saw him sit up straight in his bed.
“You don’t mean that,” he replied.
“Yes, I do.  I know it’s illegal, but it doesn’t mean it can’t be done.  Perhaps even Dr. MacNeal could do it, if we give him enough money.”
“You know how I feel about that.”
“Yes, I do.  The question is, do you want a family or not, Franz?”
“I have no idea.  Isn’t there something else we could do, besides that?”
“According to me, no.  It’s just too bloody painful to give up a child.  I don’t want to have to do that again.”
“Very well.  I believe right now, it would be better for us to think about this.  I don’t want to make such an important decision too quickly.”
“How long will it take before you’ve made up your mind?”
“Oh...I think we should mull it over for about a week.”
“All right,” Caitlin said.  That was too long.  She wanted the situation to clear up at that moment.  It would take all her patience to wait for the answer she wanted.


Chapter 56--February 17


Caitlin kept quiet on the whole matter, not talking about it for the entire week.  When Franz went to bed, he was relieved.  It was not a subject he wanted to deal with.  He wanted to delay discussing it as long as possible.  He didn’t think he would make a good father and he wasn’t fond of children.  The adult world was far more interesting.  That was true even when he was a child.  He’d been having the same terrible dream every night since the doctor told them.  He was trying to wake Caitlin up, but she was limp and unresponsive.  In the background, he could hear a baby squalling.  He would wake up afterward with a sick feeling in the pit of his stomach.  He pondered the meaning of it during the day.  He assumed it meant that he didn’t want to become like his father, or end up in the same situation as he did.  It would probably be worse for Franz because he was in foreign country, and there was no Tante around.
On the sixth day, Caitlin still didn’t ask him what his decision was.  She seemed to have forgotten about it.  Franz went to bed very early that night and slept soundly, without the disturbance of that horrible dream.  Then, he felt a finger poking his back.
“Franz?” Caitlin whispered.
“Yes?” he replied.
“It’s a week today.”
“Really?” he said, feeling annoyed at being awakened.
“Yes,” she replied, ignoring his tone of voice. “What do you think I should do?”
“I think you should keep it,” he said to her, though he didn’t sound certain even to his own ears.
“Why?”
“Because it is very dangerous to get an abortion,” he said, reciting what he read in his medical text years ago.
“It’s not as dangerous when it’s performed by a trained doctor,” she said, sounding like the nurse she used to be.
“No, it isn’t, but it’s still dangerous.  There’s a risk of hemorrhage.”
“Yes, but that can be prevented.”
“So, you don’t agree with me?”
“I don’t know.”
Franz was growing frustrated.  All he wanted to do was sleep.
“We’ll discuss this in the morning,” he replied and closed his eyes.
“Franz.”
“What?”
“There is just one more question I need to ask you.”
“What is it?”
“Um...do you think I would be a good mother?”
“Yes, I think you would.”
“How do you know?”
“I don’t really.  It’s just something I feel.”
“Well, I think you would be a good father.  Do you want to know why I think that?”
“I suppose so.”
“Because you truly care about people, and you have your own mind about things.  You don’t let anyone tell you what you should do.  You do what you think is right.”
“I don’t feel that way,” Franz said. “I think I’m the exact opposite of that, actually.”
He felt her lean on him and put her hand on his back.
“You know that’s not true.  I wouldn’t be here if it was.”
“I don’t want to talk anymore,” Franz replied, his voice cracking. “I need to go to sleep.”


Chapter 57--February 18


She gave herself another day to reconsider.  The next morning, though, her time and options were running out.  She wanted to get the inevitable done with.
At seven thirty, she called Dr. MacNeal at his home.
“Hello?” he said.
“Doctor?” 
“Yes, who is this?”
“This is Caitlin,” she stammered.
“Oh, hello, Caitlin,” the doctor replied cheerfully. “How are you this morning?”
“I suppose I’m all right,” she said, gripping the telephone tighter, “I hope I didn’t wake you up.”
“Of course not,” the doctor answered in a reassuring voice. “I’ve been up since six o’ clock.  Now, how can I help you?”
“Dr. MacNeal,” she said, the words coming out painfully, “do you...perform abortions?”
There was a pause on the line, then a long sigh.
“Are you sure you want to do this?” he said.
“Yes.”
“Well...I can, if that’s what you want.  Can you be here in about an hour?”
“Yes, I can.  Thank you, Doctor.”
Twenty minutes later, she arrived at the doctor’s home.  He opened the door as soon as she ascended the first step.
“Come in,” he said with a grave expression.
She said nothing as he helped her take her coat off and hung it on the rack next to the door.  She handed him her maroon hat.
“I just want to tell you that I’m very grateful for being able to do this on such a short notice, and that you didn’t lecture me about this.  I was certain you would.”
“It’s not my place to tell you what to do with your life.  I try not to let my own feelings get in the way of my practice, if you know what I mean.”
Caitlin nodded.
The doctor frowned deeply, as if he were attending a funeral.
“Let’s go into my office,” he said.
Caitlin left the doctor’s house an hour later, trying to suppress her tears.  That became impossible and before long, she felt them cascading down her cheeks.  The doctor’s house was on a busy residential street, and people were outside.  Caitlin made a few detours to less populated streets to avoid them.  
When she arrived home, she hoped Franz was still asleep, so she would have time to recover.  She didn’t want him to see her like this.  After she took off her coat, hat, and shoes, she decided to make a pot of tea.  That would help warm her body and settle her emotions.
When she walked into the kitchen, she was startled to see Franz.  He was sitting at their table, his hands folded on the unvarnished wood.  He was looking down with blank eyes.
“Franz,” she said.
He jumped up, as if he were asleep and woke up suddenly.
“Ah, you’re home,” he said absentmindedly, pushing his glasses back to the bridge of his nose.
“What were you doing?” she asked.
He looked around nervously, as if trying to find something.  “Uh...well, nothing, really.”
“I went to the doctor,” she replied awkwardly.  She felt like she was talking to a stranger instead of her own husband.
“Oh...that’s nice...that’s really nice.”
“I’m sorry I didn’t tell you, Franz.  I thought it would be easier for the both of us.”
Franz looked at her.
“So, you did it, didn’t you?”
Without warning, Caitlin burst into tears.
“No...” she cried, “I didn’t.”
“What?”
“I didn’t do it.  I changed my mind.”
Franz stood up and approached Caitlin.  He put his arms around her.
“Thank god,” he said, as she continued sobbing. “I was praying that you wouldn’t.”


Chapter 58--June 29


Caitlin grew steadily around the waistline.  By June, it was obvious she was expecting.  Every time she went into town, people commented on it.  Perfect strangers would pat her on the stomach.  It was very strange, but she enjoyed the attention.  Franz became amorous, also.  Almost every day when he returned home, he had a bouquet of flowers.  She didn’t understand that either.  They had more than enough flowers in their garden, but she didn’t complain.
She made a few friends since she moved.  One of the people she was closest to was Mary Ebner.  It wasn’t because they had a lot in common.  It was because Mary couldn’t stop talking, and when there was no one she knew to talk to, she would seek out people she didn’t know.  Some people in town couldn’t stand her and went to enormous lengths to avoid an encounter with her, but Caitlin didn’t mind her company.  She could be a bit of a nag, though.
“You know, you shouldn’t be working in the garden like that, especially in your condition.”
Caitlin stopped pulling out the weeds growing in between the daffodils.  She looked up to see Mary leaning on the side of the house, a disapproving look on her face.
“Oh hello,” Caitlin said, and ignoring her friend’s warnings, returned to pulling out weeds. “How are you doing today?”
“Just fine,” Mary replied in her rapid-fire voice, “except for my son.  He’s has this terrible case of hay fever, so he has to stay inside all day, because the pollen is really high.  It’s such a waste of a beautiful day, you know, but what can you do?  He really wanted to play baseball with his friends, and he won’t stop complaining about it.  I had to leave the house because he was driving me insane.  That boy talks far too much.”
“I wonder where he got that from,” Caitlin said pointedly.
“I don’t know.  His father hardly ever says a word and me...well, I like to talk, but I don’t talk a lot.”
Caitlin grinned slightly, and hurried to pull up the last of the weeds.  She didn’t want to be too rude, though Mary didn’t take notice of rudeness.  She would easily talk to people who had previously slammed their doors in her face.
Caitlin stood up carefully, pulled off her garden gloves, and invited Mary inside for tea.  As soon as they were in the house, Mary started up with her diatribe about her family, and the local gossip.  Caitlin put a kettle on the stove, and then set out a plate of cookies she had purchased from the bakery the day before.  She grabbed a cookie and was about to sit down, when she heard the mail being dropped into the slot next to their front door.
Mary paused for a moment.  “What was that?” she asked.
“Oh, that was the mail,” Caitlin said nonchalantly, more concerned with fulfilling her craving for sugar cookies.
Caitlin could tell her friend’s curiosity was piqued.
“Would you mind if I got it for you?” she asked.
“No, not at all,” Caitlin replied.
Mary dashed to the front door and retrieved the letters.  She returned to the kitchen a few seconds later.
“It doesn’t look like anything too interesting,” she said, rifling through it. “Bill...census form...oh, this looks like a card...from Germany of all places!  Can I open it?”
“Of course,” Caitlin said.
Mary tore open the envelope and pulled out the card.
“Oh, isn’t that nice,” she said, opening the card up, “Dear Franz and Caitlin, I am so happy about your baby.  I can’t wait to be a Tante again.  What in the devil is a Tante?”
“Aunt,” Caitlin replied, between bites of cookie.
“Oh, all right.  That seems to make sense,” she said, and continued reading. “Your father is very excited about becoming a grandfather.  He said that when his health improves, he will come out to visit you.”
“No thank you,” Caitlin said.
“Why not?” Mary inquired. “Don’t you like him?”
“No,” Caitlin replied, “and neither does Franz.”
“Maybe he’ll soften up once he’s a grandfather.  I know that’s what my father did.”
“I doubt it.”
Mary returned to her reading, “I would like to visit you too when your baby comes.  Hugs and kisses to you.  Love, Aurelia.  That’s an awfully pretty name!  Maybe you should name your baby that if it’s a girl.”
Caitlin nodded with approval.  “That’s a good idea.  We were also thinking about naming it Elena, after Franz’s mother.”
“I like that one too.  What was your mother’s name?”
“I think it was Dierdre.”
“That’s another good one too,” Mary said, handing the card to Caitlin. “Do you have any idea for a boy’s name?”
“Not really,” Caitlin replied. “I was thinking of giving it the same name as Franz.”
Mary grimaced.  “That’s a little too exotic for here.  Maybe should give him a more American name, like James.”
“There’s too many people named James around here.”
“Oh well,” Mary said, turning her attention to the last piece of mail, “I’m sure you’ll have a girl.  Oh, it looks like you received another card.  This one is from England!”
Caitlin looked up sharply.  “Who is it from?” she asked.
“It doesn’t say, but the handwriting tells me it’s from a child...or someone who can’t write very well.  Let’s see who it is.”
The teakettle whistled.  Caitlin put down Aurelia’s card and was about to stand up when Mary stopped her.
“I can get that for you,” she said, and gave the half opened envelope to Caitlin.
Caitlin opened it while Mary poured the hot water into their cups.  Caitlin felt horrified, though she tried to stay calm.  How on earth did Francis find out about her?  The Hansons promised not to tell him the truth, but in his large, innocent handwriting he stated that she was his “mummie” and asked when his new brother or sister was coming.
“What is that about?” Mary asked, trying to peek at the letter.  Caitlin turned it a few degrees so she couldn’t see what was written.
“Oh...it just about...different things.”
“Like what?  You don’t look too happy about it.”
“It’s just asking about the baby.”
“Who wrote it?”
“One of my relatives.”
“Who?” Mary insisted. “It is a child?”
“Uh...yes.”  
“It can’t be that bad then.  I could understand if it was from a former beau, but a child...who cares?  Let me see it.”
Caitlin sighed.
“What is the matter?  You can be so darn secretive at times, Caitlin.  If I’m really your friend, you’d let me see that letter.”
“Very well,” Caitlin murmured. “Just promise me that you won’t tell anyone about this.”
“I promise,” she said quickly, and unceremoniously plucked the letter out of Caitlin’s hands.
“Dear Madame,” Mary read, imitating a child’s voice. “My name is Francis and I am nine years old.  I live in England.  I was told on my birthday that you were my mummie...what?”
Caitlin put her head in her hands.
“Well...dear me,” Mary said, sounding extremely interested, and continued reading. “I found a letter from you in my mummie and daddie’s bedroom, and wanted to write to you.  I am going to starting my fourth year of school soon.  I want to become a doctor when I grow up.  I have a dog and his name is Sam.  I have to ask you some questions.  Why did you leave me?  All my friends’ mummies stayed with them.  Who is my real daddie?  Is it the man who lives with you now?  I heard that you were going to have a new baby soon.  Do you know when it will be born?  I’m saving all the money I get from selling newspapers so I can go and see you.  I can’t wait to give you a big kiss on the cheek.  I hope you write soon, for I will be looking in our post box every day for your letter.  Love, Francis.  Isn’t that nice?  It’s too bad you’ll have to write back and tell him that you’re not his mother.  You’re not at all old enough.  Poor little thing must be confused.”
“Yes,” Caitlin replied, “I’m not his mother.”
“What’s wrong with you?” Mary said, as she folded up the letter and set it on the table. “You’re as white as a sheet.”
“I’m not feeling well.”
“You probably ate too many cookies.”
“Probably,” Caitlin said, glancing at the empty plate. “I’m awfully tired.  I think I might go upstairs and lie down.”
“Maybe you can lie down on the sofa,” Mary said anxiously. “That way I can still talk to you.”
Caitlin wished Mary would go home, but she was in no mood for arguing.  She was grateful Mary came to the wrong conclusion about the letter, and was willing to let her stay longer as a reward.
“All right,” Caitlin said, as she stood up.
Mary helped her out of the kitchen.  They had entered the living room when Caitlin felt liquid gush out onto the carpet.
“Oh my lord!” Mary cried. “You’re going to have your baby!”
“It can’t be,” Caitlin said. “I’m not due until August.”
“I think this one is a early bird,” Mary said, rushing Caitlin over to the sofa. “I’ll call the doctor.”
Caitlin settled into the sofa and put a pillow behind her back while Mary screamed bloody murder at Dr. MacNeal over the telephone.
“I’m not feeling any pain yet,” Caitlin replied after Mary hung up the telephone. “I’m just a little sick to my stomach.”
“It doesn’t matter,” Mary said with exaggerated urgency. “I’m calling your husband.”
“Please don’t yell at him,” Caitlin begged. “I don’t want him to get too alarmed.”
Within minutes, Franz and Dr. MacNeal were there.  Franz held her hand and Mary hovered in the background while the doctor examined Caitlin.  After he was done, he told her the best thing to do was go to the Sisters’ Hospital in Sacramento right away because it was much too risky to deliver at home. The look of concern on his face worried Caitlin.  Then she remembered something she learned in nursing school.  Most babies born before the eighth month died soon after birth and the few survivors usually ended up disabled. Sickness rose up from her stomach, but she gulped to keep it at bay.  She glanced at Franz and he looked as doomed as she felt.  She knew he was thinking about his medical text.  
Franz grabbed a map and was about to take her to the hospital, but Mary insisted she and her husband, who had family in the area, would drive Caitlin there.  As much as she needed to be alone with Franz, she admitted it would be a better idea if the Ebners drove her there because at that point, she couldn’t afford to get lost.  Mary called her husband and told him about the whole situation in as dramatic a tone as possible.  Soon after, he and his son pulled up the gravel driveway in their brand new Dodge Brothers Touring Car.  Franz kissed her lightly on the forehead and said he would follow them to the hospital.  Caitlin went outside and entered the back seat of the Ebner’s car, alongside Mary.  She tried to sleep during the trip, but the combination of the bumpy ride and Mary and her son’s endless chattering kept her awake.  After about an hour though, she managed to drift off anyway.  Sometime later, she felt a sharp pain in her abdomen.  She gasped, which sent Mary into panic mode.
“Step on it, Earl! She’s going into labor!” Mary shouted.
“The hospital’s only a few minutes away,” Earl said, the first words he uttered during the entire trip. “Jesus, Mary the girl’s got enough problems.  Don’t scare her to death too.”
When they arrived at the hospital ten minutes later, the nurse at the admitting desk rushed Caitlin into the delivery room and ordered everyone else to stay behind.  Mary’s son wanted to go with her because of a desire to see ‘lots of blood and guts’, but his parents held him back, much to Caitlin’s relief.  The birth took an entire day.  On the evening of June 30, the doctor placed a reddened little figure on her stomach.  Completely exhausted and under the influence of morphine, it took all her effort just to look at her baby.  It was much smaller than most newborns, only about fourteen inches long.  She moved its legs to see if it was a boy or a girl.
“Oh good, it’s a boy,” she said, and quickly passed out. 


Chapter 59


Franz tried to sleep on the cot the hospital provided in a small room next to the maternity ward, but it was impossible.  The entire night he listened to the sounds outside.  He grew concerned whenever there was a long silence, but he was relieved when a doctor spoke or when he thought he heard Caitlin moan.  He felt he should be with her, though there nothing he could do to help.  Going in to check on her was inappropriate.  He never gave the custom a second thought before, but now he felt there was something wrong about it.
And those goddamned people, he thought, why don’t they just go home?  He desperately wanted to be alone, and resented the Ebners’ intrusion.  He hinted subtly that he would prefer they leave, but they ignored him.  Worst of all was they would not shut up, and they talked extremely loud.  He could hear Mrs. Ebner in the maternity ward’s waiting room gabbing various sorts of nonsense to her perpetually silent husband, taking no consideration for anyone’s need for peace and quiet.
After a sleepless night, Franz went downstairs to the cafeteria to get a cup of coffee. Mrs. Ebner and her son were there, trying to out talk each other while eating bacon and eggs.
“You can go home after breakfast, you know.” Franz said as he entered the cafeteria.  His voice was dripping with sarcasm.
Mr. Ebner’s expression changed from apathy to slight surprise, but Mrs. Ebner turned around and smiled brightly at Franz.
“It’s so lovely to see you this morning, Franz.  They have a breakfast buffet here, with all the fixings.  Go help yourself.”
“This place has the best bacon and eggs in the state,” her son blurted out. “The omelets are even better.  I thought hospital food was supposed to be lousy, but I guess I was wrong.   By the way, there’s been something I’ve been meaning to ask you.  Can I move in with you folks?  Like in the attic or something?  It would be really nice to have my own place and -”
“Robert!”  Mrs. Ebner shouted. “Don’t talk so fast.  Franz doesn’t know English as well as we do.”
“I’m afraid I won’t be able to eat breakfast,” Franz replied. “Not with my wife in the condition’s she’s in.”
“Good!” Robert shouted. “More food for me.  So, what do you think about the apartment idea?  I’ll pay rent if you want, but first I have to get a job.  Maybe Mr. Kingston needs another-”
“Robert!  Stop talking!”
“Mom!  I’m not talking a lot!  If there’s a chatterbox in this family, it’s you.”
“Don’t talk back to me, young man!”
Franz poured himself a cup of coffee and quickly left the cafeteria, wanting to avoid listening to the ensuing argument.  He returned to the waiting room upstairs.  The doctor was waiting for him just outside the maternity ward.  Franz noticed he looked tired and pained, as if he had been in labor himself.  
“How is my wife doing?” Franz asked him.
“Just fine, Mr. Roesele.” the doctor replied. “She took the pain very well.  She’s resting right now.  I just want to tell you that she had the baby a few minutes ago.  Congratulations, you have a new baby boy.”
“Thank you,” Franz said.  He smiled and shook the doctor’s hand.  He thought he would be happier about it, but he was too worried about what was going to happen.  He decided to ask the inevitable question, even though he didn’t really want to know the answer.
“The baby...it was supposed to be born in August...”
The doctor nodded.
“What is the prognosis?  Is it going to live?”
“That really isn’t a question I can easily answer,” The doctor replied. “Since the child was born here, where it can be put into an incubator and get the proper care, I think it has a fair chance of surviving, maybe about forty percent.  That is, as long as it stays healthy, but sometimes there are unexpected complications that come up suddenly, and no matter what we do, things can take a turn for the worse.  Let’s just say that it’s all in God’s hands.”
“I understand, Doctor,” Franz said. “Do you think it would be all right if I visit Caitlin for a few moments?”
The doctor chuckled.  “She is your wife.  I think it would be perfectly acceptable.  I need a bit of rest myself, if you don’t mind.”
“Oh no, not at all.”
“If your wife has any problems, don’t hesitate to let the nurses on duty know.”
“I won’t.”
Franz entered the room Caitlin was put in after the delivery.  She appeared to be sleeping.  Her hair clung to her cheeks and forehead, and the normally healthy glow of her skin was gone.  She was almost the same color as the white sheets on the bed.  Franz was hit with an eerie feeling.  This sort of thing happened before...with his mother.  She was so pale, Aunt Aurelia once said to him. Still, we didn’t think she was going to die.  Franz rushed over to the side of the bed, and touched her forehead.  She felt cold and clammy.  He put his arms around her and kissed her.  She didn’t move though, and Franz realized she looked and felt unnatural, as if she were dead.
So this is how I’m going be punished for my crime, he thought. I’m going to have the best part of my life taken away from me.  Well, I suppose I deserve it, don’t I?


Chapter 60


Mrs. Ebner had just brought up tuna salad sandwiches from the cafeteria when the doctor entered the waiting room.  Franz stood up.  He hadn’t talked to Caitlin yet nor was he allowed to see his baby.  He was very anxious to do both.
“Hello Doctor,” Mary Ebner chirped. “How is everything with Caitlin?”
“Good,” he replied, still sounding exhausted. “She’s doing as well as can be expected.”
“So she’s all right?” Franz asked.
“Yes, she is.”
“And…the baby?”
“He seems to be still doing well…for the moment.”
The Ebners cheered, but Franz stayed silent.
“For the moment?” Franz said, the tension of the last two days getting to him, “What the hell does that mean?”
“Well, like I told you this morning, the child is very small,” the doctor replied, sounding slightly guilty. “I didn’t mean to alarm you.  I just want you to be prepared in case-”
“You don’t have to tell me again,” Franz said. “Is my wife awake now?”
“Yes,” the doctor replied.
Franz brushed past him, and ran to her room.  When he opened the door, he saw that Caitlin’s eyes were closed.  Next to their bed was one of the nursery bassinets.  He looked inside it but all he saw were a bundle of blankets.  When he put his hand on them though, he could feel movement.  He lifted one of the blankets, undeniably curious about his child.
“Mein Gott,” he said, lifting him out very carefully out of the bassinet, and pushing away some of the blankets, “he is so little.”
He wanted to see more, so he removed the blankets and inspected his fingers and toes.  He couldn’t believe something that small could be so perfect.  He touched the tiny bit of dark hair on his son.  It was soft.  He never considered himself the type of person that was good with children, but he was enamored with this one.  He didn’t want to let him go.
He saw Caitlin groan and stir in the corner of his eye.  
“I just finished feeding him,” she said groggily.  “I was supposed to call the nurse straight away, because he isn’t supposed out of the incubator for very long, but I fell asleep again.”
“Do you want to hold him for a bit longer?  If the nurse comes in, we’ll just tell her he’s still hungry.”
“Well…all right.”
He gently placed him on Caitlin’s stomach.  She tentatively reached out to the baby and pulled him closer.
“Oh...he’s so lovely,” she said, putting her arms around him.  She sounded more nervous than joyful.
“Touch him.  See how soft he is.”
“Umm…you’re not supposed to touch them unnecessarily.”
“If you’re allowed to feed him, I don’t see why you can’t touch him one time.”
“Uh…I suppose you’re right.  As long as it’s just once.”
She lifted her index finger and stroked his cheek.
“Oh my...he is soft,” she said. “He is a beautiful little baby, isn’t he?”
Franz nodded.  “It’s so hard to believe he is ours.”
Without warning, tears sprang to Caitlin’s eyes.  Franz was alarmed.
“What’s wrong?” he asked. “You’re supposed to be happy.”
“I can’t,” she sobbed, “not if our baby is going to die.”
“That’s not going to happen.”
“Yes, it is!  The doctor told me he wouldn’t live because he was born too early, and I know he’s right because when I worked at hospital all the small babies would always die.  I remember seeing them being taken to the morgue and-”
Franz put his hand on her shoulder.  “Listen to me.  That’s not going to happen to us.”
She looked at her child despairingly.  Franz knew she didn’t believe him.
He had to make her believe.


Chapter 61


It was nightfall the next day when the Ebners finally went home, but not before Mary gave an entire encyclopedia’s worth of childcare advice.  Caitlin spent most of the time sleeping, though at one point she nursed the baby.  They knew what they wanted to name him, but waited until they were alone.
In the morning their child had a name, Franz Christian Roesele II.  Franz wrote to his Aunt telling her about the new baby.  The doctor stopped by to examine him and Caitlin.
“The child is doing surprisingly well,” The doctor told Franz before he left. “He has a strong heartbeat and a good pair of lungs.  It’s your wife I’m worried about.”
“What’s wrong?” Franz asked feeling concerned.  He thought Caitlin’s symptoms were improving and he felt guilty for being negligent.
“Well, she lost a lot of blood, so naturally she feels very tired, but I also noticed that her blood pressure is very low and she is very cold to the touch.  I’ll stop by tomorrow to see how she’s doing.  If she hasn’t improved by then, I’ll have to recommend an extended hospital stay.”
Franz nodded solemnly, and said good-bye to the doctor.  All night he kept a constant vigil on his wife.  It was early morning when he finally fell asleep.  He had a horrible dream that the police stormed their house and arrested him.  He yelled out and that woke him up.
Caitlin was nursing.  She looked alarmed.  The baby wasn’t affected at all.  He just continued suckling.
“Did you have a bad dream?” she asked.
“Yes, I suppose I did,” he replied, wiping the sweat off his brow. “I thought it was really happening, though.”
“What was it about?” she asked.
“I...well...I was arrested.”
She frowned.  “You shouldn’t worry about that.  I don’t think after all these years anyone will find us.”
“I didn’t think I worried about it.  Actually, last night, I was worried about you.  The doctor told me that you weren’t doing very well.”  He noticed she looked pale and tired.
“Oh, pooh,” she replied. “I’m doing fine.  That doctor is overreacting.”
“Well, you’re still awfully pale,” he said. “Let me feel your forehead.”
He sat up and touched it.  It did feel a little too cold for his liking.
“The doctor said if you weren’t better by today that you would have to stay longer.”
Caitlin rolled her eyes.  “Well, I have to say that I’m doing much better today.  Don’t be so worried about me, Franz.”
“All right,” Franz said wearily.  He felt like he hadn’t slept at all, and he was so tired he was beyond worrying.
He slumped back down in the chair and fell asleep.  This time there were no nightmares.  When he awoke, it was nearly twelve o’ clock, and neither Caitlin nor the baby were in the room.  He jumped up and dashed down the hall.  No one was there.  Almost crazed, he ran toward the nursery.  Caitlin was there, peeking in the window at their baby.
“What are you doing!” he yelled out unintentionally. “You’re not supposed to be standing up!”
 “I had to.  I was going to go nutters if I had to lie in bed one more minute.  Really, Franz, you have to stop worrying.  Everything is going fine.  The doctor just told me that the baby is doing very well, I feel all right, and you’re not going to get arrested.  I think maybe you should start writing another book.  It might keep your mind off all these things.”
“I suppose you’re right,” he said. “It’s been so many years though.  I’m completely out of ideas.”
“I have one,” Caitlin suggested. “Would you like to hear it?”


Chapter 62--December 12, 1924


Franz started writing his new novel the next day on a notepad and a fountain pen he bought at a drug store near the hospital.  He was fascinated by Caitlin’s idea, and he added his own details in the outline.  It was about a nurse serving overseas during the Great War who discovers she has amazing powers of healing.  The only problem is healing the soldiers put a tremendous strain on her.  Yet she felt it was her duty to go on, even if it meant sacrificing her own life.  It took more than four years to complete.  He sent out a final draft to Washington and Miniver, with a special note for Jean-Luc.
Six weeks later, he received a letter from him:

My dear friend,

 It’s been so long since I’ve heard from you I thought you were mortre, if you know what I mean.  I read your manuscript, and I thought it was fantastique, so I put it on the new fiction editor’s desk.  Let’s say it was accepted, no questions asked.  I don’t know where you get your ideas, Franz, but they are nothing short of brilliant.  Anyhow, I’m very happy that you sorted your life out.  Everything is the same here as it’s always been, except that now we have a switchboard and a rather nasty woman operating it.  I’d like, no actually, love, to fire her, but the problem is that there is a shortage of qualified people who can figure out those newfangled things.
Well, mon ami, I have to return to work.  I’ll send you a copy of your latest book as soon as it’s published.

Au revoir,

Jean-Luc

He heard Christian, now four years old, talking in his sleep in the room next door.  Though Franz loved his child, Christian was turning into a very different person than he expected.  Franz had hoped Christian would share his love of reading, but the child couldn’t sit still long enough for Franz to tell him even a short story.    He also tried to teach him to read and write, but Christian had no affinity for either of those things.  He was very rambunctious.  He loved to run, make noise, and get into anything off limits, which drove Franz crazy.  He spent more time yelling at his son than playing with him.  He hit him a few times, something Franz did not want to do, but he couldn’t stand his son disobeying him.  Christian had been pulling away from him and spending more time with his mother, who tolerated his behavior.  Franz didn’t say anything, but this deeply hurt him.  He considered Christian his protégé, and he wanted his son to learn from him.
The only thing he and Christian shared amiably was ‘block time’.  Franz bought Christian a set of wooden blocks for his first birthday, and he took to them immediately.  It was the single toy he would play with for more than two minutes at a time.  The following Christmas, Franz bought him another set of square blocks with bright colored letters painted on them.  Franz would set aside twenty minutes during the afternoon and spell out English and German words with the blocks.  He would say them and have Christian repeat them.  His son didn’t seem to mind this activity, as long as he had the chance to create his own nonsense words and have Franz repeat them.  Franz was impressed by how well his son pronounced the words, and how fast he was learning.  Now, his son could ask simple questions in German and occasionally be able to answer them.  Caitlin was also impressed and suggested Franz could help others learn German too.  He didn’t think that was a bad idea.  The money he had inherited from the Meyers would run out soon, and he didn’t have any ideas for a new novel.
He inquired about a position teaching a foreign language at the local high school.  The superintendent seemed pleased with him but was hesitant about hiring someone without a degree in education.  Franz told him he could get one, and the day after started searching for suitable universities in the area.  The school he was most impressed with was Stanford University, but it was far enough away from Auburn that they would have to move.  He did not want to leave his perfect little home.  He conferred with Caitlin and she admitted she did not want to move out of the house either, but she also didn’t want Franz to miss the opportunity to receive a teaching degree.  She suggested he live and work near Stanford for a time, while she and Christian stayed in Auburn.  Franz didn’t like the idea of it, but he wanted to teach, so he decided he could tolerate it for a while.  Two months after applying, he received a letter of acceptance from the university.  He would be moving in September.  If he took eighteen credits each semester, including during the summer, he could finish the five-year program in three and a half years.  He was excited but sad, because he would miss being with his family.
He was about to pen a letter back to Jean-Luc when Caitlin entered his study.
“Franz,” she said, “Christian wants to see you.  He woke and he says he can’t go to sleep unless you tell him the special German word.”
“I’ll be right there,” he said.
When he entered his son’s room, he saw a small head poking up from underneath the blue and white patchwork quilt Caitlin made for him.
“What’s the special Ger-r-r-r-man word, Daddy?” he said, showing off his lopsided smile.
“I’ll tell you,” Franz replied, kneeling down on the side of the bed. “If you sit up, I’ll whisper it to you.”
Christian’s large brown eyes gleamed as he shot up in bed.  Franz whispered the special German word in his ear.  This night he used the world Stolz.
“What does that mean?” Christian asked.
“It means pride,” Franz said.
“What is pride?” 
“The dictionary says that it’s delight or satisfaction felt for oneself or someone else.  This is what I feel for you.”
“Why?”
Franz didn’t know how to answer this question.
“Well...I suppose it’s because you’re such a bright little boy.”
“But you called me a dummkopf yesterday because I don’t like to read.”
“I know and I didn’t mean that.  I wish you would at least listen when I read to you, and I get angry when you don’t.”
“But I don’t like reading...or hearing stories.  They’re yucky boring!”
“I’m starting to realize that.  Maybe someday you will change your mind. Until then, I have to accept it, and take a look at all the good things about you.”
Christian’s face lit up again.  He loved talking about himself.  “What are those?” he asked.
“You speak very well for a four and a half year old.  Most children your age don’t know as many words as you do, and they certainly don’t know two languages.”
Christian giggled.  “What else is good about me, Daddy?”
“Well, you’re very healthy now.  I’m always thankful for that because you were born quite early.  Since you hadn’t grown properly yet, we were afraid you were going to die.  You’re also very happy most of the time, and I’m grateful for that too.”
“And?”
“I just love you...because you’re my son, I suppose.  You see, my father never loved me.  Maybe he had a good reason not to...but it hurt me very badly.  I don’t want anything like that to happen to you, though sometimes I’m afraid it’s going to.”
“It won’t,” Christian said, as certain as a child his age could be.
“I know,” Franz said.  He kissed him on the forehead, and stroked his shiny brown hair.  He was baby soft.  Franz wished he would stay the age he was now so he could enjoy his child forever.
“Goodnight, Daddy,” he said, sliding back down into his blankets.
“Goodnight, Christian,” Franz replied, kissing him one more time then leaving the room.
Franz was startled when he saw Caitlin standing outside the bedroom.  She smiled and clapped her hands softly.
“Well done, Franz,” she said.


Chapter 63--April 13, 1928


Franz was one month short of graduating.  He returned to his drab three-room apartment so he could retype his thesis.  He spent the weekend in Auburn celebrating Caitlin’s thirty-first birthday.  He brought her a diamond bracelet and a cloche, one those fancy hats she wanted.  She didn’t take either of them off all weekend.  It was hard leaving them, especially his son.  Christian was in school, and Franz wished he were able to see him come home every day.  Christian was smart, but he had a hard time concentrating, so his grades were mediocre.  Caitlin didn’t seem to mind.  She was thrilled he was passing, but Franz was concerned.  He wanted his son to go to an elite high school and college, but that would never happen unless his grades were perfect.  He didn’t think it was too late and vowed it would be fixed when he graduated.
Caitlin mentioned she would like to have another child.  Franz thought it was a good idea.  Christian seemed lonely, and probably would love a sibling.  Besides, it was the right time to have another one.  That was another project he had to start on after graduation.
He had typed half a page when someone knocked on his door.  He thought it was odd, since no one visited him here, but he assumed it was one of those annoying traveling salesmen from the Fuller Brush Company.  He tried to ignore it, but when the knocking became more insistent, he stood up and answered the door.  It was a familiar-looking blonde.  Franz gasped when he realized who it was. 
“Hallo, Franz,” she said, giving him a knowing smile. “Do you remember me?”
“Yes, I believe I do,” he replied, trying to hide his nervousness. “You are Katja, am I right?”
“Ja,” she said, “I used to be your chambermaid...among other things.”
“Yes, I remember. That was a long time ago.”
“Sixteen years, to be exact.  I have kept you in my heart all that time.  Are you going to invite me inside?  I’ve traveled a long way and I’m very tired.”
“Of course.  Welcome,” he said, opening the door wider. “Would you like some coffee or tea?”
“Yes, I’ll have tea,” she replied, looking about the modest apartment. “I love to be waited on.”
“How would you like that?” Franz asked, going into the kitchenette.
“A little bit of cream, one lump of sugar,” she replied.
As he filled the pot with water and put it on the stove, he wondered how on earth she found out where he was.  Though they had a good relationship, he never completely trusted her and this visit didn’t feel right.  She wouldn’t have traveled from Germany unless she wanted something.  
When he came out of the kitchen with her tea, he noticed she had taken off her long coat and was seated leisurely on his sofa bed.  She wore one of the most daring dresses he had ever seen.  It was light pink and held up by two spaghetti straps.  The material dipped low enough to show her cleavage and the bottom barely reached the middle of her thighs.   Her legs were crossed loosely and Franz could see was she not wearing any stockings.
He couldn’t stop his hand from shaking as he handed her the tea.
“What’s wrong with you?” she asked. “Are you nervous?”
“Oh no,” Franz replied quickly.
“Do you like my dress?” she said, smoothing down the velvet material.
“Oh yes, it’s very...different.”
“I’m glad that you like it.  Why don’t you sit down next to me?  I want to talk.”
He sat down on the sofa bed, placing himself as far away as possible.
“You can come closer than that,” she said.
He slid over about an inch, and avoided looking at her.
“Do I still look the same...after all these years?” she asked.
“Yes,” he replied, and she did.  Except for a few fine lines underneath her eyes, she hadn’t aged.
“Do you like my new haircut?” she said.  She fluffed her chin length hair.
“It flatters you,” he said, with as little emotion as possible.
“You’ve probably wondered why I have come here, haven’t you?”
“You could say that,” Franz replied, focusing on his typewriter from across the room.
Her hand caressed his shoulder.  He felt his skin crawl.  He deeply regretted answering the door.
“Well...your aunt...she has a very big mouth.  She told me last year you were living in San Francisco.  I know that you go by the name you write with, Roesele.  When I came here, I simply looked for your name in the telephone book.  It was very easy, because there’s only one Roesele in the book, and that is you.”
“What do you want from me, Katja?” he said, irritated by her mocking tone.
She dug her nails into his shoulder.  “I want you, Franz,” she said.
“You can’t have me,” he shot back. “I’m already taken.”
“Oh, really?” she said, with an undertone of viciousness. “Well, that didn’t stop you before, did it?”
“No, but things were different then.  I was forced to marry Angèle.  Now I am married because I want to be.”
“What about me?” she yelled.
“What about you?”
She grabbed his face and yanked it in her direction.
“Listen!” she spat out. “You will learn to love me again.  Do you understand?”
“And what if I don’t?” Franz said, trying not to show any fear.
Katja smiled.  “Well, it would only be your loss.  If I wanted, I could ring up the police here, and they would send you back to England to, uh, fulfill your obligations.  So, I would say in your case, it would be better if you were nice to me and give me what I ask for.”
“What do you want?” Franz asked.
“Hmm…” Katja asked, looking like she was on the verge of laughing. “Well, I want to be able to make love to you whenever I feel like it...and maybe a little money, like fifty dollars a week-”
“Fifty a week!  I can’t afford that!”
“I suppose you’re going to prison, then.”
“No, wait!  How about twenty-five every week?”
“Fifty or prison.”
“All right, then.”
“And I want you to give me this apartment.”
“What?”
“Don’t be an idiot and act surprised, Franz.  You are so bad at that.”
“That is fine, as long as you leave right now.  I have to finish my thesis.”
“Not so soon,” she said, “You have to make love to me first.”
“Now?” he asked, feeling helpless and overwhelmed.
Katja’s eyes took on a crazed look.
“Yes!” she yelled. 
After an unpleasant act of intercourse, Katja put her dress and coat back on.
“Someday you’ll pay for this, you rotten bitch,” Franz hissed at her.
She turned on him.
“Nein!” she said, pointing an accusing finger at him. “You are the one who’s going to pay!”
She walked out of the apartment, slamming the door behind her.
There was no possible way he could have finished retyping his thesis that night, so he dressed and headed outside.
He needed something to ease his pain.


Chapter 64--May 15, 1929


Franz worked at Placer High School as a German teacher since September.  He seemed to be doing well there, but Caitlin was worried.  Every day for over a year he came home irritable and preoccupied.  She questioned him, but he said nothing was wrong.  If she pushed him further, he became angry and would go out for hours on end, returning home drunk.  He would slip into bed smelling like he bathed in alcohol.  It was taking a toll on him.  There were lines on his face that hadn’t been there before, and circles under his eyes.  He lost an alarming amount of weight.  One rare day when they were at the bank, she goaded him into getting on the scale that was there.  She was shocked to see he weighed a hundred and ten pounds, the same as she did.  His hair was falling out in large clumps, which he tried to conceal from her.  She knew it had to be very serious.
It was hard, because except for being worried about Franz, she was the happiest she had ever been.  She lived in a wonderful house, and had a healthy and intelligent son.  During the day while Christian was at school she would work for Dr. MacNeal.  She liked the doctor, whom she now addressed by his first name, Jim, and thought he was a joy to work with.  The work was very routine and boring, though, and she dreamed of working in a big hospital again.  She knew it wouldn’t happen anytime soon, not until Christian was grown, so she decided to bide her time at Dr. MacNeal’s practice.  
She thought she was at the peak of her beauty.  She always considered herself rather plain, but lately she had been getting compliments.  When she looked at herself in the mirror, she could see what they were saying was true.  She had gained some weight and she finally had a figure.  She looked much better with her permanently waved, bobbed hair.  She took to wearing make-up, though not as much as those Hollywood glamour girls.  She only put on a touch of lipstick and a little bit of blush.  That was all she needed anyway.  Sometimes it was hard to believe she was the same girl who slaved away for the Meyers.  Everything, even her speech, had changed.  Franz didn’t seem to notice, though.
She wondered if he had another woman.  Sometimes he would get telephone calls in the middle of the night, and without explanation, he would leave.  When he returned home, his clothes were disheveled, and she thought she could smell a hint of a woman’s perfume underneath the alcohol.  After these incidents, he was usually at his most irritable. He would barely look at her and recoiled from her touch.  Somehow he managed to arrive at school on time every day.  She wanted to have another child, but if Franz kept on behaving the way he did, the chances of that happening would be minimal.
She sighed as she washed the dishes.  Franz was upstairs with Christian, ‘helping’ him do his homework.  Actually, it was more like forcing.  Caitlin didn’t understand why Franz was so obsessed with Christian getting perfect grades.  And why did her son have to go to an Ivy League school?  It didn’t matter to her.  He could do anything he wanted as far as she was concerned, as long as he was happy.  Franz, though, had his entire future planned out, which seemed very presumptuous to Caitlin.  She wished she could get Franz to change his mind, but every time she mentioned it, he flew into a rage.  The last time they discussed it he nearly destroyed their kitchen table.  It hurt to see the stressed look on her son’s face every time he came home from school, but there was nothing she could do.  She simply told him to do the best he could, and that his father didn’t mean to yell at him.
She was watching a bumblebee settle on one of her flowers, when she heard a crashing noise upstairs.  She dropped what she was doing.
She opened the door to Christian’s room, and she gasped.  Franz had the back of his son’s shirt with one hand and was striking him in the face with the other.  Christian’s desk was overturned, and his books and papers were scattered all over the floor.
Caitlin could feel the heat rise to her face, and without thinking, lunged toward Franz and pulled him away.
“Get out!” she screamed.
“This is my house!” he yelled back, his face contorted with anger. “I can do whatever I want in it!”
She slapped his face.  She must have hit hard, because a red mark appeared on his cheek.
“Go get yourself a drink,” she hissed, “and sleep with your whore, or whatever else you’re doing behind my back.  Just don’t come back here again.”
Without any reaction, Franz stood up and left.  Caitlin went to her son, and looked him over.  There didn’t seem to be anything broken, and he wasn’t bleeding, though she suspected that tomorrow his face and arms might have dark bruises on them.  She would take him to see Dr. MacNeal anyway.
“How are you feeling?” she asked him calmly, while she held him in her arms.
“I’m s-s-s-s-ore,” he said, crying so hard it he could barely speak. “Mama...”
“Shh...” she replied, holding him closer against her. “You don’t have to apologize.  None of this is your fault.”
She had never seen him in such pain, not even when he fell and hit his head on the sidewalk when he was five years old and suffered a horrible gash.  This time most of the pain was not physical, though.  Caitlin was worried most about that, because she knew the inner wounds were the hardest to heal.


Chapter 65--May 16


Caitlin decided Christian shouldn’t go to school.  He wouldn’t be able to concentrate with what happened the day before.  Not only did she have to call Dr. MacNeal to tell him she wasn’t coming into work, but she also had to schedule an appointment with him for Christian.  She spent several minutes, telephone in hand, thinking of what she would tell the doctor.  She finally thought the best explanation would be that he tripped on one of his toys and fell face first on the hard wood floor.  She called him and explained what happened exactly as she rehearsed it in her mind.
“I have a very busy day,” Dr. MacNeal replied, “but if it’s an emergency, I could have one of my patients reschedule their appointment.”
“No, you don’t have to do that,” Caitlin said. “It’s not that bad.”
“Well, I could stop over later on tonight, about eight thirty or nine o’ clock.  I hope that isn’t too late for you.”
“No, that’s just fine.  Thank you very much, Jim.”
Caitlin spent most of the day entertaining her son.  They played cards, checkers, and drew pictures.  She had forgotten how much fun being a child could be, and Christian seemed happier than he had been in weeks.  In the afternoon she listened to her favorite radio shows and did some sewing while Christian took a nap.  For lunch, she let him choose what he wanted to eat.  He decided on the unusual combination of waffles with bananas and ice cream.  Later on, Caitlin planted more flowers in the garden while Christian played in his sand box.  For the first time, Caitlin was glad Franz wasn’t around.  She felt bad for feeling that way, but she couldn’t help it.  She considered leaving him permanently.  That sort of thing was frowned upon, but in her case, people would be more understanding.  She was a good wife; she fulfilled all her marital duties, and gave him a son.  He repaid her by being drunk, belligerent and hitting their child.  It is definitely time to move on, she thought, because he is never going to change.
She was looking forward to Dr. MacNeal’s visit.  He had been her physician for nine years and her employer for about four years, but she knew little about him.  His round face, large blue eyes and pale freckles on his nose gave him a reassuring, trustworthy look she liked.  He was handsome in an almost child-like way.  She also liked his shiny blond hair and soft-spoken manner.
Stop it! She told herself, gouging a deep hole in the dirt. You’re a married woman.  You’re not supposed to be thinking about other men that way, especially your own doctor for god sakes!
She wondered how Franz would feel if he knew what she was thinking at that moment.  He would probably be devastated.  She remembered the condition she found him in the last time she left him.  No doubt he’d return to that condition, if not worse.  Perhaps he would end up dead.  The thought put shivers down her spine, and she tried to put it out of her mind, focusing on the snapdragon she planted.  She had every right to hate him, but she couldn’t.  She also had every right not to give a damn about him, but she did.  No matter what happened, she would never stop loving Franz Warholm.  That thought left her feeling depressed.
“Mom, what’s wrong?”
Caitlin was jerked away from her thoughts.  “What did you say?” she asked.
“You look upset,” he said.
She tried to smile.  “No, I’m not upset,” she said, reassuring him. “I’m just a bit tired.”
“Does that mean I can make dinner?” he replied, his brown eyes twinkling mischievously.
“No, I don’t think so,” Caitlin said. “I think having waffles with bananas and ice cream once a day is quite enough.  Now it’s my turn to decide what we’re going to eat.  How is your bruise, by the way?”
“It’s sore when only when I touch it,” he said. “If I don’t, I can’t feel it.”
“Very good,” she said, examining the bluish bruise below his left eye. “It doesn’t look that bad either.  I think it will be cleared up in about three days, if not sooner.”
“Mom, can I ask you a question?”
“Of course,” Caitlin said, as she stood up and took off her gardening gloves, “but let’s go inside and wash up first.”
After they washed up, Caitlin became distracted with preparing dinner and didn’t bother to ask him what his question was.  They were halfway finished with eating when she did remember.
“What were you going to ask me?” she said.
“Oh,” Christian replied, looking very hesitant, “I was wondering...when is Dad coming back home?”
“I honestly don’t know,” Caitlin said.
“He won’t go away forever, will he?”
“No, I don’t believe so.  So, you want him to come home?”
“Yes, I just don’t want him to be mean to me.  I tried to concentrate on the math problem I was doing yesterday, but it was really hard.  I told him I didn’t know what the answer was, and that’s when he got mad and started hitting me.  I don’t want him to hit me ever again.”
“He won’t, Christian.  Not if I have anything to do with it.”
“Mom, why do I have to go an Ivy League school?”
“You don’t.”
“But Dad says I have to.”
“Well, you don’t.  When you’re grown up, I want you to do whatever makes you happy, not what your father says is right.”
“What’s an Ivy League school anyway?”
Caitlin didn’t know what it was herself.  She assumed it was one of those fancy colleges in the east where the men wore blazers with letters sewn on them.
“It’s a school for rich people,” she finally replied.
“But we’re not rich,” Christian said.
“I know.”
“Why does Dad want me to go to a school for rich people then?”
“He wants you to get a good job,” she said, not knowing any other answer.
“What if I want a bad job?” he asked.
Caitlin couldn’t help but laugh.
“You are such a silly little boy,” she said. “Finish up your dinner before it gets cold.”
Three hours later, they were listening to the radio when someone knocked on the door. “Mom, it’s the doctor,” Christian said.
Caitlin was so into the music she was startled by her son’s voice.  Hearing the word doctor filled her with dread.  Determined not to show her emotions, she cleared her throat, stood up, and tried to walk to the door as naturally as possible.  She could feel her inner panic stiffening up her body, though.
Dr. MacNeal beamed when he saw her.  What made things worse was he was dressed more casually than usual.  His tie was gone, the two top buttons of his shirt were undone, and the cuffs were rolled up, exposing lightly tanned forearms.  Caitlin could have sworn her heart skipped a beat.
“Hello, Caitlin,” the doctor said brightly, “isn’t it a beautiful evening?”
“Oh, yes it is,” Caitlin replied, forcing a smile. “Come in.”
“I intend to,” the doctor said. “So, where is Christian?”
“Right here, Doc,” Christian said, bouncing up to the doctor.
“I heard you took a pretty nasty fall yesterday,” the doctor said to him.
“Oh, it wasn’t that bad.  My mom always makes a big deal when something happens to me.”
“Well, why don’t we sit down on the sofa, and I’ll give you a checkup.”
Dr. MacNeal gave Christian a routine examination, which lasted a few minutes.  
“It seems you were right this time,” the doctor told him. “This is definitely a molehill.  You’re perfectly fine.”
“See, I told you, Mom,” Christian said.
“I know,” Caitlin replied. “I just wanted to be certain.”
“He doesn’t have any other bruises or contusions,” Dr. MacNeal said. “The bruise he does have is very minor and will heal in a few days.  I’ll stop by tomorrow and look at it again, just to see how it’s healing.”
Caitlin nodded.  Her stomach was tied up in knots as she looked into his eyes.  He was such a handsome fellow.  It was a good idea to get him out the door as quickly as possible.
“It’s so good of you to come by,” she said, standing up.  She hoped Dr. MacNeal would stand up too, and to her relief he did.
“It’s just my job,” he replied, as Caitlin led him to the door. “If you ever need me for anything, and I mean anything, don’t hesitate to call me, day or night.”
Caitlin gulped, thinking his statement came out more forceful than what was appropriate.  She hoped Christian wouldn’t pick up on it.
“Well...thank you very much, Jim,” she said, a little too quickly for her liking. “Have a good night.”
“You, too, Caitlin.  Goodnight, Christian.”
Caitlin breathed a sigh of relief as she shut the door.
“What’s the matter, Mom?  Why were you acting so weird around the doctor?” Christian said.
“Oh...it’s nothing,” she told him. “I’m just tired, that’s all.”
“You’ve been tired all day.”
“I know.”
“Why don’t you go to bed?”
“I’m going to, but not before you go to bed.”
“Oh, Mom...”
“Speaking of which, you have school tomorrow.  You probably should be going to bed right now.”
“It’s too early.”
“You’ll thank me when morning comes.  Now, up you go.”
Christian sighed in an exaggerated way, and stomped upstairs.  Caitlin turned the radio and all the lights off and went upstairs herself.
After putting her son to bed, she lay awake in her own bed for hours thinking about what she should do, and what was best for her son.  She couldn’t come to any satisfying conclusion.  She reached over Franz’s side of the bed for the pocket watch on his nightstand.  She opened it and noticed it had stopped ticking.  Its hands paused at about five minutes before twelve o’ clock.  She tried to remember the Franz who owned this watch when it was new, back in 1910.  She closed her eyes, the importance of the decision she was making overwhelming her.  She was going to leave the person that had saved her life.
She put the pocket watch back in its place, and went downstairs to the living room.  She picked up the receiver of her telephone.
“Operator,” she said, “could you connect me with Dr. MacNeal’s office?”


Chapter 66--May 17


Franz wandered through the night in a drunken haze.  His thoughts were muddled except one.  He had to get rid of that woman.  He had no idea how, but he had to.  She was ruining his life.
He rested in a space between two tenement apartments.  Since it was very late, no one was about, and Franz had the peace and quiet he needed to think.
If only he could do so.  He forced himself to concentrate, but it was useless.  The only thing he wanted was another gulp of the homemade liquor he grasped in his hand.  He had thought prohibition would keep him from drinking, but it made him want to drink more.  Many other people came to the same consensus.  Almost every adult at the town’s only drug store ordered the ‘moonlight special’ at the soda fountain, like he did.
He put the bottle to his mouth and groaned as he felt the last trickle of the bitter liquid go down his throat.  He needed more to get through the night, and the next day.
He slept for three hours in the alleyway, and then made his way to the high school.  The doors opened at six o’ clock, and this would give him time to wash up in the teacher’s lavatory so he would look presentable.  It would also give him time to think.
He slipped inside the school.  Once in the lavatory, he ran some ice-cold water and splashed it on his face.  This awakened him substantially.  He dried off with a paper towel and set about carefully concealing the bald patches on his head.  He straightened out his clothes.  He pulled out the tucked in part of his shirt a bit so that it would appear he was heavier. Looking in the mirror, he thought about what a sorry sight he still was.  He left the lavatory and headed for the teacher’s lounge.
There, he made a pot of coffee, and drank three cups in ten minutes.  He felt more alert, though his hands were shaking and he was developing a headache.  Other teachers filed in, carrying their books and papers and chatting aimlessly about the day ahead.  They completely ignored him as they gathered around the percolator and poured coffee for themselves.  Not that he cared, especially today.  He preferred to suffer alone in the corner of the room, on the lounge’s only sofa.
As he sat rubbing the worsening ache in his forehead, the last teacher to enter the room threw a worried glance in his direction.  It was Gillian Cabot, who taught history.  Franz didn’t know her very well, but she appeared to be a nice lady.  She talked to her colleagues, and occasionally glimpsed back at Franz, but didn’t say anything.  When the morning bell rang, she turned around and looked as if she was going to say something to him, but she simply followed the other teachers as they hurried out the door.  Franz stood up and left the sofa a few moments later.
His classroom was empty when he entered it.  He reviewed his notes to see what material he was going to go over for the day.  Then, the first student entered the room.
“Mr. Roesele?” a female voice said timidly.
“Yes?” he said.  It was Lila Mortensen, one of his best students.  He tried to smile.
Her features softened as she approached him.  “Umm...there’s something I thought you’d like to know.  I hope you don’t get mad, but everyone in class is wondering if you’re all right.”
“Of course I’m all right,” he said gently. “What would make you think that I’m not?”
She shrugged her thin shoulders.  “I guess it’s because you look...well...sickly.”
“I’m fine, really,” he replied. “I did have an infection that I had difficulty in fighting off, but now I’m fully recovered.  I want you to tell all your classmates that.  No more worrying about Mr. Roesele.  Understand?”
She nodded; looking more concerned than ever and took her seat.  The other students shuffled in at that moment, almost like it was deliberately timed.
He waited until all the students were in their seats, and he took attendance, drawing it out as long as possible.  He went over the answers to the homework he assigned everyone the night before, hearing a lot of groans as he revealed the answers.  He tried to make sure that also took as long as possible by waiting for someone to volunteer the answers.  Almost each time, Lila ended up answering the questions, and of course, she was always right.
When that was over, Franz revealed a surprise to his students.  
“Since it’s been a long week for all of us, I’ve decided not to give any homework assignment today.  I would like all of you to study quietly for the reminder of the class and have a good weekend.”
His students looked at him with shocked expressions.  He had never done this before.  Usually he gave double the homework on Friday because the students had two days off, and they needed something to do.  He had overheard the students call him ‘Herr Slavedriver’ and he was almost proud of it.  Today, though, he needed as much free time as possible to think, and the only way to do that was by not giving his students any assignments.
The silence gave way to clapping.  First by the blond, freckled faced boy named Ben who sat in the back of the class, then by the rest of the students.  All except Lila, who seemed almost upset.
When the clapping died down, Lila thrust out her hand.
“What is it, Lila?” Franz asked her.
“Mr. Roesele,” she said, “weren’t we supposed to have a test today?  That’s what I have written in my notes.”
The rest of the class groaned and sunk back in their chairs.
“Oh,” Franz replied, realizing he completely forgot about the test. “Well...you’re right.  We were supposed to have a test today, but I was too busy last night to make one up.  So I’ve decided to postpone the test until next Friday.”
A cheer rose up from the class again.
“Mr. Roesele,” the curly haired girl named Alethea said, “I just want to say that you’re a really nifty fellow.”
“I know,” he replied, and then added nonchalantly. “Now, I want you all to be quiet or else I’ll change my mind and give you homework.”
It didn’t take any more than that to have the class comply.  The rest of the classes did the same, and by the end of the day Franz had the solution to his problem.  He found it by reading an article in a newspaper he picked up in between classes in the teacher’s lounge.  In the instant he read the headline, he knew his life was saved.  By the end of the day, his headache and the drunken feeling left him.  He didn’t know why he hadn’t thought about it before, because it made perfect sense.  It would shut Katja up permanently, and make her life the living hell his had been for the past year.  Best of all, no one would ever know.


Chapter 67


Franz walked into Sherwin’s drugstore with a smile on his face and the newspaper still in his hand.  He approached the pharmacist’s counter.
“How can I help you?” The pharmacist, a man with thick gray hair and an equally thick mustache asked.
“I have a pest problem,” Franz replied.  “Actually, it’s a rat.  I’ve tried everything to get rid of it, but no luck so far.  Do you have any suggestions?”
“Well, we have some lead arsenate in aisle three.  Just mix it with some water and put it in a place children and pets can’t get to it.  Be very careful where you store it too.  Two days ago a young lady in San Francisco thought it was sugar and mistakenly put it in her tea.”
“So, I’ve read,” Franz replied, holding up the newspaper. “Don’t worry, I only want to use very little, and I’ll store it in my tool shed.  Thank you very much.”
“You’re welcome,” the pharmacist said, and then turned his attention to the elderly woman that had approached the counter.
Franz went to aisle three and found what he was looking for.  Arsenate of Lead, the red label on the bottle said.  After he purchased it with the money he kept in his classroom drawer, he went to the soda fountain and bought a bottle of moonlight special.  Then he walked back to the road leading to his house.  When he was certain neither Caitlin nor Christian was outside, he sneaked into the backyard and pulled a shovel out of the tool shed.  He had a feeling his family wasn’t home at all, because all the shades were pulled down and the lights inside seemed to be off.  It was possible they were both taking a nap though, so he still tried to be as quiet as possible.  He placed the shovel in the trunk of his car.  He started it up and pulled out of the gravel driveway.
After he parked the car in front of the apartment building in San Francisco, he looked up at the imposing building, and suddenly felt afraid and a bit guilty.  He tried to push those feelings away.  He had to do this.
He walked into the lobby and took the elevator up to the fourth floor.  He knocked on her door.  Since she didn’t answer right away, he thought she wasn’t home, but before he turned to leave, she opened it.
“Yes?” she said, in a very groggy voice.  She was dressed in a pink silk bathrobe, and her blond hair was disheveled.  From the mixed scent of whiskey combined with the strong odor of a man’s cologne, Franz could tell she had been drinking and another man had been with her.  Neither surprised him.
“I have come to pay you a visit,” he said in German.  He tried to sound cheerful, but the sound of his voice fell flat.  He suspected Katja was too drunk to care, though.
Her reddened eyes fell on the blue tinted glass bottle.  “What is that?”
“It’s special,” he said.
“Let me have it,” she replied and tried to grasp for the bottle.
“Nein, nein, nein,” he said, taking it out of her reach. “You have to wait.  I have some good news.”
“All right,” she sighed. “Come in.”
The apartment was an absolute disaster.  Dirty glasses and ashtrays filled with cigarette butts cluttered every table.  Her clothes were thrown carelessly on the floor and on the sofa.  There were also dark stains on the maroon carpet, and a vague smell of food gone bad in the air.
“You need a housekeeper,” he said.
“Whatever,” she replied, plopping herself on the sofa. “Give me some of that drink, and tell me the good news.”
“I will, but first, I have to find some clean glasses, if that’s possible here.”
“In the kitchen,” she directed.
He found it in worse condition than the living room.  He waited a few moments to make certain Katja wouldn’t follow him.  Then he took the bottle of arsenate out of the pocket of his trousers.  He filled a dirty kettle with water and put it on the stove.  After a few minutes, he poured hot water into a coffee mug and put in two tablespoons of arsenate in it.  He then added some of the moonlight special.  He found a similar clean mug in one of the nearly empty cabinets and poured himself an untainted drink.
Katja’s eyes lit up when she saw him return.
“Let’s have a toast,” she said, taking her mug. “May we always be happy and healthy.” 
Franz smiled at that ironic statement.
“Proust!” she said.
“Proust,” Franz replied.  They clicked their glasses together.
He couldn’t believe his good fortune when Katja drank his concoction in one gulp.
“You like it?” he asked.
“Yes,” she replied, “that is a good drink.  Where did you get it?”
“Sherwin’s drugstore in Auburn.”
“Is it real, or just a front?”
“It’s real,” Franz replied, sitting down next to her. “Everybody knows about it, too.  The police mostly overlook it.  Unlike some places, they’re not interested in arresting old men who are simply serving their customers.”
“I like that town.  So, what is your good news?”
“Well, I think you’ll be pleased to know that I have just left my wife.”
Katja gasped.  “It’s about time!”
“I realize that I love you instead.”
She put a hand on his shoulder.  “You’re not mad at me for...”
“I was, but now I know that you didn’t do it to hurt me.”
“I only did it because I wanted you back.”
He kissed her on the lips and she responded.  She lay down on the sofa and brought him on top of her.  As he groped her, he could tell she was becoming drowsy.  He stood up as soon as she was completely asleep.  Then he gathered the empty mugs and brought them to the kitchen.
An hour later, the apartment was cleaner than it had been in months.  Franz had just left the kitchen, when he discovered Katja’s eyes were open but very glassy looking.  She was lying in the same position he had left her in.  She was clutching her stomach and moaning painfully.  What he had set out to do was accomplished.
He looked over at her pathetic figure.  He wanted to kill her, but he restrained himself.
Still, he had to bring this part of his life to a proper ending.  He placed his mug filled with moonlight special on the coffee table, then leaned in close to her.
“Your blackmailing days are over,” he said in English. “Good-bye, you stupid bitch.”


Chapter 68


The ride back to Auburn was unbelievably pleasant.  For the first time in years, he was relaxed.  A thought was still nagging at him, though.  He wasn’t sure how Caitlin would react when he returned home.  She was extremely angry when he left, and there was a chance she would feel the same way when he walked through the door.  He might find himself being booted out again.  Well, I’ll buy her some flowers, he thought. That will soften her up enough.
Seeing his home in the moonlight was akin to seeing a vision of heaven.  He walked up the numerous steps, with a dozen pink roses in his hand.  He rang the doorbell several times, but no one answered.  He turned the knob, and to his surprise, it opened easily.  He entered the foyer.  Everything in the living room was as he had left it.
“Caitlin?” he called out.
He heard a rustling upstairs, and some feet scuffling about.  He swore there was more than one person speaking in a rushed tone.  He assumed Christian had stayed up late; something Caitlin might let him do.  She was probably returning him to bed before Franz climbed the stairs.
He made his way up.  The scuffling ceased and everything was quiet.  Franz peeked in Christian’s door but his son was sleeping peacefully.
“Caitlin?” he called out again.
“I’m right here,” she said, running out of their bedroom.  The expression on her face wasn’t angry or saddened.  Actually, she looked like a Sunday school student who committed a mortal sin.  Her stance was soldier stiff and she was fidgeting with her hands.
“I brought you some flowers,” he said gently, handing them to her, “to...well...apologize.”
She looked like he had told her that the end of the world was near.  She took the flowers.
“Let’s go downstairs,” she said quietly. “I’ll find a vase for them.”
“Are you still angry with me?” he asked.
“No, not anymore.”
“Are you sad?”
“Well...I still don’t like it, if that’s what you mean.  Let’s talk about it downstairs.  I’ll make you some dinner.”
They didn’t talk much at their kitchen table, but Franz thought dinner was delicious.  Caitlin still seemed nervous and uncomfortable though.
“What is wrong?” Franz asked. “It doesn’t seem like you want me here.”
“No, I do want you here.  Christian needs his father.”
“Are you hiding something you don’t want me to know about?”
Caitlin’s eyebrows shot up.
“That’s it, isn’t it?” Franz said.
“No, it is not!” Caitlin replied harshly.
“Christian’s awake, isn’t he?”
Caitlin sighed with relief.  Franz thought that was very strange.
“No, he isn’t.”
“Are you certain of that?”
“Take a look in his bedroom.  You’ll see that he’s very asleep.”
“Who else is upstairs, then?”
“Noone.”
“I heard some extra noise up there when I came home, and another person talking.”
“You couldn’t have.  It was only me up there.  I had gotten up when I heard you come in, but I wasn’t talking.  You must have been hearing things.”
Not wanting to start an argument again, Franz conceded. “I suppose you’re right.”
They ate in silence.  Then Franz heard some scuffling that seemed to be coming from outside.
“What is that?”
“Franz, it’s probably a raccoon trying to get to our rubbish again.  Just ignore it and eat up.”
“That sounds like an extremely big raccoon.”
“Franz!”
“All right, no more questions.”
“Thank you,” she said, taking a giant gulp of tea.
Franz tried to ignore the distant sound of a car starting and driving off.  It didn’t take much for him to figure out what happened.  He didn’t blame her.  He had been a bad husband in recent months.  Still, it upset him that she would do that.  It meant things would never return to the way they used to be.  He decided not to confront her with it, though.
When dinner was done, they returned upstairs.  While Caitlin was in the lavatory, Franz undressed in the bedroom.  He noticed both sides of the bed were unmade, and when he sat down on his side, the sheets were warm.  The dreadful proof came when he spotted something on the windowsill that reflected the light.  He walked over to it and picked it up.  It was a man’s ring.  Studying it closer, he saw it was a class ring and this fellow apparently went to Harvard.  Hearing Caitlin walking back, he hastily put it in his nightstand drawer.
She didn’t seem as nervous as she had been before, but she still had that guilty look in her eyes.
“Is anything wrong?” she asked him.
“I could ask you the same thing.  My answer is no.  What is yours?”
She smiled uneasily.  “Mine is no, too.”
“Good, then let’s go to bed, then.  I want to forget about everything that happened.”
Caitlin sighed.  “So do I.” 


Chapter 69--October 10, 1936  London


Charles Hanson lay in bed in his small rented room in Kensington, sick with the flu.  It was his second bout this year.  At this rate, he would never get his second year of foundation training finished.  He didn’t know working with dead people would make him so ill.  His choice of specialty disappointed his parents.  Yes, they reveled in the thought of him becoming a doctor, but a real doctor, who worked with people, not with corpses.  They tried their best to hide their feelings, but it always shone through when they were talking to him on the telephone.  He made an effort not to reveal much about the goings-on in the coroner’s office, mostly out of good taste.  Sometimes, though, his enthusiasm for his work was too overpowering, and he had to tell them what he found when he looked into a ‘patient’s’ chest cavity, or what he discovered when he ran tests on a body’s eyeball fluid.  They always tried to change the subject as quickly as possible.  Well, at least he had his sister Aubina.  She always listened to his tales.  He didn’t know if she was interested, or just trying not to hurt his feelings.
Though he missed all the activities he would be doing that day in the coroner’s office, he was happy to devote time to his pet project, which was personally investigating the Meyer murders.  The evening before he was at the library poring over newspaper articles about the killings.  He took notes, and wrote down the names of every person mentioned.  He planned to locate some of the people involved, or at least their relatives.  He looked over the autopsy reports of all the victims in the Meyer case, including the people that had disappeared years before.  He had taken them from the records room without permission.  He could get in trouble for it, but he doubted anyone would notice they were missing.
“Where to start?  Where to start?” he asked himself, wiping his reddened nose with a tissue.  The constant dripping was annoying.  He scanned the list again, and decided to answer the questions about Caitlin Hadley first.
Caitlin.  She was such an elusive figure.  He had no idea what she looked like, though he hoped she was beautiful, or at least pleasant-looking.  He was nine years old when he first saw her name.  He was rummaging through his parents’ bedroom, and he found some interesting papers.  Though they were hard to understand, he did know his name was on them, as was his parents’ and one Caitlin Hadley.  He knew his father would punish him for it, but unable to deny his curiosity, he confronted his parents and asked them about the papers he had found.
They gave him what was referred to as ‘The Big Talk’.  They explained they weren’t his actual parents.  That didn’t surprise him.  Though he loved them very much, he was very different from anyone else in the family.  They all had brown hair and ruddy skin.  He was fair with very dark hair.  They told him Caitlin Hadley was his mother.  She gave him to them because she was too young to take care of him.  They didn’t give him any details beyond that.  He told them he wanted to know where she was, so he could write to her.  Both of them refused.  Finally, after a few days of crying and begging, his mother gave in and told him where she lived.  He wrote her a letter, but she never responded.  Charles wondered if she ever received that letter, and if she did, what did she do with it?  Ever the optimist, he assumed she put it away in some jewelry box or some other private place for safekeeping.  
Whatever the circumstances were, she wasn’t ready for him at that time.  That wouldn’t be the case now.
He didn’t know anything else about her, until he stumbled upon her name in the library yesterday.  The Meyers had adopted her, and she reportedly committed suicide about two years before the murders.  Investigators had doubted she was dead, though, because no death certificate had been filed, and a few people allegedly spotted her at the funeral for Heinrich and Angelika.  Carl Holden, the former solicitor for the Meyers, reportedly accompanied her.  She was last seen in the company of Franz Warholm, whom police believe was the mastermind behind the killings.  No one knew where they could be but one of the last articles Charles scanned on the subject said Franz was tracked down in New York, though he escaped capture.  Nothing was mentioned about Caitlin.
It made the case all the more fascinating.  He couldn’t believe the two things he wanted to learn about were indelibly intertwined.  It made his passion that much greater.
After a coughing fit, he took a sip of water and returned to the list.
“I should call...Matilda...Matilda James,” he said.  He looked up the last name in the telephone book.  There were about a dozen people with the last name James, the first one being Edgar.  Charles picked up the receiver of his phone.  He gave the operator the number, and soon he heard a shrill ringing, and then silence as the call was answered.
“Hello?” A gruff male voice said.
“Hello, sir.  Is Matilda there?”
“No, Mattie hasn’t lived with us for years.  Who are you?”
“My name is Charles.  I’m an old friend of hers.  Could I ask where she lives now?”
“Elephant and Castle.  Do you want her telephone number?”
“Yes, I would appreciate that.”
Charles wrote the number down and called it next.  He smiled when he heard a woman’s voice.
“Are you Matilda?” he asked.
“Yes, I am.  Who are you?” she asked, trying to talk over children’s voices in the background
“My name is Charles.  I’m looking for information on Caitlin Hadley.  Did you know her at all?”
“Yes, I did,” she replied. “Excuse me for a moment.”  He heard a loud shush on the other end, and the children’s voices lowered.  “Yes, I worked with her.  A long time ago.”
“Worked with her?  I read that she was adopted by the Meyers.”
“She was, but...she still had to work.”
“As a maid?”
“That’s right.”
Charles paused and took another sip of water to calm his aching throat.
“What...what did she look like?”
“Oh...well...she was a good looking girl, I suppose.  Blond hair, blue eyes, rather short.  It’s been a very long time, so that’s about all I can tell you.”
“It’s enough.  What was she like...personality-wise?”
“She was a bit wild.  Bouncing all over the place, never following the rules.  I remember she would curse a lot, just to get people’s ire up.  She got slapped about quite a bit by Mrs. Ada, though.  One time Caitlin spit in her face, and Mrs. Ada kicked her about something terrible.”
Charles’ eyebrows shot up.  “Really?”
“Yes, Mrs. Ada didn’t like Caitlin at all.  I think it was because Mr. Meyer let her get away with things that nobody else could.  She could do a messy job and he didn’t mind.”
“So, Mr. Meyer took a liking to her?”
“Well, in the beginning, at least.  He seemed to pay less attention to her as time went on though.”
“Did Franz Warholm like her too?”
Matilda took a sharp intake of breath when Charles mentioned that name.
“Well...I don’t particularly remember him paying any mind to her.  Oh...except one time.  The incident where Mrs. Ada kicked her about...Caitlin struck her head on the edge of the kitchen sink and she started bleeding.  None of us noticed it because we were too busy working, and too afraid to get into trouble with Mr. Meyer.  Well, Mr. Warholm saw it, because I remember him ordering us about to get bandages and scissors and such.  Then he wrapped the bandage around Caitlin’s head to stop the bleeding.  Other than that, there really was nothing that I can recall.  Mostly he had eyes for Miss Angèle.”
“Who was she?”
“Mr. Meyer’s daughter.”
“You mean Angelika?”
“Yes, but none of us ever called her that, except her Dad sometimes.”
“When was the last time you saw Caitlin?”
“Probably around October or November of 1910.  We were told that she had killed herself in the cellar.”
“There was no funeral or burial?”
“No.”
“In the paper, I read that the police believe she was still alive after the murders took place.  Do you think you’ve seen her after that time?”
“No, I haven’t.”
“Not even at the funeral?”
“I didn’t go to the funeral.  It was just too hard for me.”
“What do you remember about the night of the murders?”
“Not very much, I’m afraid.  I was sleeping, and I remember Cook waking me up and then leading us all outside.  I was very upset when I realized that some people were missing, especially Mr. Meyer.  He had been so sick at the time.”
“What was his sickness?”
“I’m not certain.  All I remember is that he had a very hard time walking, he could barely talk, and he couldn’t remember a thing to save his life.  He might have been going senile, I don’t know.”
“Who was taking care of him?”
“Bede...one of the other maids.”
“I read that she was killed in the fire also.  Did she just get trapped in the fire, or was she an intended victim?”
“She was a victim, I’m certain of that.  Dana had always hated her, and she hated her even more when Bede married Mr. Meyer.”
“I didn’t know about that.  Why do you think she married him?”
“I know it wasn’t for love.  Mr. Meyer was a little too ill for romance.  I believe it was mostly for money.”
Charles hastily scribbled some notes with his ballpoint pen.  Bede, he wrote, marry H. Meyer.  Money? Will?  Dana...envy?
“So I’m supposing that Dana was extremely envious when this happened?”
“Oh, yes...very.  She fumed for weeks and weeks on end about it.”
“How about Mr. Warholm and Mr. Nelson?  Do you think that they were involved?”
“No, really I don’t.  Mr. Warholm, he and Mr. Meyer had always gotten along.  The same for Cook and Mr. Meyer too.  I don’t really understand that part at all.”
“Do you think that they would kill if they were written out of Mr. Meyer’s will, in favor of Bede?”
“That’s what Dana said in court.  Still, I don’t think either of them were capable of doing something like that.”
Charles circled the word envy on his notepad, and also the word will.  Warholm & ‘Cook’ Nelson—involvement unknown, he added.
“Well, I really don’t have other questions for you, Matilda.  Wait, maybe one more...is Mrs. Schuhmacher alive by any chance?”
“No, I’m afraid not.  She never really recovered from the fire.  She died about five years after it happened.”
“Well, I think that’s all for now.  Thank you so very much for cooperating with me.”
“It’s no problem at all.  Could I ask you why you’re so curious about all this?  Are you a detective?”
“No, it’s just that...I’m very interested in the case, and…well...I believe Caitlin Hadley is my mother.”
“Really?  Are you certain?  She was only about thirteen when she died.  I don’t think she was old enough to have a child.  Unless she is still alive, like the police said.  I really doubt that, though.  She was an orphan from a mental hospital of all places.  Where would she have gone?”
“I don’t know but I hope to find out soon.  Good-bye, Matilda.”
As soon as he hung up the telephone, he heard a knock at the door.
“I’ve got some chicken broth here for you,” Mrs. Fowkes, the woman that owned the boarding house, said.
“Come in,” Charles replied.
She entered with her ever-present gap-toothed smile on her face.  She set down the tray in front of Charles’ lap.
“How is my lad coming along?” she said.
“About the same,” he replied. “My throat feels a little better than it did this morning.”
“You shouldn’t have gone out in that rain last night, Charlie.  I told you that you would catch your death.”
“I’m not dead yet,” Charles replied. 
“Well, if you keep that up, you’ll be in the morgue yourself.”
“I am in the morgue myself…every single day”
Mrs. Foukes tisked him playfully.  “You know what I mean and how will find the girl of your dreams if you’re in a state like that?”
“Well, I doubt I’ll ever find her.  She may not even exist.”
“I’m sure she does exist.  If Mr. Fowkes can get a great beauty like me, I’m sure you can do the same.
Charles chuckled.  Mrs. Fowkes was anything but a great beauty, with most of her teeth  being brown and several large moles on her face, but she was infinitely better looking than Mr. Fowkes and was probably the only woman able to tolerate him.
“Maybe but…it seems like every girl I meet rejects me.”
“You poor thing,” she said, patting his head. “Well, I do think you’ll have better luck very soon.  I’m feeling there might be another war, and when that happens, there won’t be as many men for you to compete with.”
“That’s true,” Charles replied. “Perhaps some lonely widow will be desperate enough to want me.”
“Don’t be so hard on yourself. This sort of thing takes time,” she replied. “You have to have patience.”
“I’m trying.”
“First, you have to get better.  Now, eat up.”
“I will.  Goodnight, Mrs. Fowkes.”
“Goodnight, Charlie.”
After Mrs. Fowkes closed the door, Charles finished his soup.  He put the tray next to his notes, shut off the light, and settled in to bed.  His asthma immediately flared up.  He wheezed uncontrollably.  It felt like a vice grip had clamped onto his lungs, and was slowly tightening.
“Goddamn it,” he managed to curse as he groped in the dark for his inhaler.  Where in the hell was it?
He took a few deep breaths.  The attack was coming to an end.  Charles gathered his blankets and pillows and decided to sleep downstairs.  The air was stale and dust filled here.  He knew he would be able to sleep better, without the gasping and the nightmares of drowning or being strangled that accompanied it. 


Chapter 70--September 10, 1937


Charles was free.  He had passed the MRCP with brilliant, flying colors.  After years of hard work, he was officially Dr. Francis Charles Hanson.  He was hoping to finish his specialist training at the Coroner’s office, but the competition for those few spots was unbelievable.  He didn’t know if he would obtain a position, or even if he would keep his current one as a senior foundation officer.  A few of his colleagues mentioned that perhaps he could join the military and finish his training there.  That seemed very exciting, but he doubted the military would accept him into their ranks, even if he would never actually see battle.  The last thing they needed was someone who strained for breath and sometimes came close to passing out every few days, especially when faced with a stressful situation.  He tried to think of other options, but there was really no other specialty he wanted to pursue.
He felt helpless, and filled with dread about this and the things happening in the world in general.  He wasn’t the only one either.  A dark cloud was hovering over England.  Charles could read it in other people’s faces.  They were in danger, but from whom, they didn’t know yet.  Perhaps it was the Nazis, or the Fascists.  Or it could be both.
To escape the growing fear of imminent joblessness and possible war, Charles frequented pubs often.  He also buried himself into his work and his research on the Meyer killings.  He knew everyone involved in the case, especially Franz, like a book.  He had found Franz’s aunt and interviewed her.  She was a kind, plump woman, who was at least eighty.  
She had lived in a London suburb for several years in order to take care of Franz’s father.  She spoke very highly of Franz, and shown him letters he had sent.  Since they were written in German, she translated them for him.  Those letters gave Charles the most insight into the crime.  He knew why Caitlin ran off with him.  It also made matters more complicated.  Franz’s aunt didn’t reveal their current whereabouts, but she confirmed Franz and Caitlin were still alive and together.  Charles had a wealth of information he didn’t know what to do with.  Should he tell the police?  Should he try to find them himself?  Or should he just leave them alone?
He was discussing this matter with his friend Ian whom he always sat next to at The Old Iron Cross.  Though Ian worked as a detective, Charles felt he could trust him not to tell Scotland Yard.
“What do you think I should do?” Charles asked him, waving away the smoke-filled air irritating his lungs.
“Tell the police,” Ian said matter-of-factly.  He took sip of his ale and continued.  “The man’s a killer.  He ought to be in jail for it.”
“Now, wait a minute,” Charles said. “Do you have any idea what Heinrich Meyer was like?”
“Of course, I do,” Ian said, waving away a fly hovering near his reddish-blond hair. “He was bloody nuts.  Cooked up his help and served them for dinner.  That’s what my dad says.”
“Well, if you had to live with a man like that, in fear of your life, wouldn’t you kill him too?”
“Charlie...you know as well as I do that Warholm was living in Germany when Meyer was killed.  He didn’t have to associate with him at all.”
“Yes, he did.  He worked for his company, and he was married to his daughter.”
“True, but...the man was supposedly demented when he was killed.  Besides, you know the saying, two wrongs don’t make a right.  Maybe all three of those people who died in that fire were pure evil.  Still, a crime was committed and Warholm needs to pay for that crime, just like his partners Nelson and Todd did.”
“I know what you mean, but I don’t want to be the one to put him in jail.  From what I’ve learned about him, he seems like a decent fellow, and besides, his aunt told me that my real mother is married to him.  If that is true, it’s possible that he could be my father.”
“Nobody that did something like that is a decent fellow, Charlie.”
“But what if he was driven to it?”
“I doubt he was.”
“His aunt said that Nelson and Todd forced him to do it.  He was afraid for his own life if he refused.”
“Excuses.”
“What about my mother?”
“What about your mother?”
“She’s been married to him for quite a while now.  They even have other children together.  I couldn’t live with myself if I tore them apart.”
“Sometimes it has to be done, though.  For justice’s sake.”
“I have to think about this, Ian.”
“Well, go ahead and think.  I ain’t stopping you at all.  What I told you is the right thing, though.”
Charles nodded and finished his beer.  “I’ve got to be off now.  I have another busy day in the mortuary tomorrow.”
“I’ll bring you some more dead bodies,” Ian said, a wry smile appearing on his face. “Good-bye, Charlie.”
As Charles made his way back to his rented room, he could have sworn someone was watching him.  He turned around several times, but saw nothing.  He didn’t feel at ease, though, until was inside the boarding house.
Not knowing what to do, he decided to sleep on it.  In the early morning hours, he woke up, and as he watched the sunlight stream through his window blinds, he realized what had to be done.
“Ian was right,” he said. “I have to tell police, even if it hurts.  It’s the only thing to do.  But perhaps...”
He could feel his eyes getting moist.  Then the wheezing began.


Chapter 71--March 12, 1938


Charles had several small asthma attacks before he boarded the RMS Queen Mary in Southhampton on his way to New York.  His inhaler put a stop to them quickly though.  He took some sleeping pills once he settled into his cabin.  He was exhausted, having not slept at all the night before.  He felt drowsy and light headed as sat down on the bed.  About a half hour later, he was asleep.
He dreamed the police shook him awake, and then took him out on the deck where they shoved him into a small metal box.  It couldn’t have been more than three feet tall and two feet wide, because his back was leaning against the top, and his head was in-between his knees and his chest.  It was dark, and he felt that familiar sensation of not being able to breathe.  He could hear people outside shouting “Traitor!” and could feel their fists pounding on the box.  There were sudden jerks and starts, as if people were pushing it around.  He wanted to cry out, but he was unable to speak.  Unconsciousness crept upon him as the oxygen in the box ran out.  Then the sensation of falling…
He woke up with a start.  He looked around and saw he was safe in his cabin.  He was a bit hungry and it was around noon, so he decided to head toward the dining room for lunch.  He went into the bathroom to make certain he looked presentable then went toward the dining room with a book in hand.  He felt awkward when he entered the dining room because almost everyone was with at least one other person and they were all chatting excitedly to their companions.  The only person who was sitting alone was a very intimidating man of about forty who stood out more among the other passengers than he did.  The other passengers were dressed casually and appeared relaxed, with the women in cardigans or light jackets with mid-length skirts and the men in light colored trousers and dress shirts, but this fellow sat up stiffly and wore a gray wool suit that looked like it had been starched to death.  Charles did not want to sit anywhere near him, but unfortunately the only free table in the dining room was right next to his.  Luckily, no one, including this man, noticed he was in the room at all.  So, why did he feel like everyone’s eyes were focused on him?
“Just nerves, Charlie,” he whispered.  He looked around again.  No one had heard him or see his lips move.  This is ridiculous, he thought.  Why am I being so bloody paranoid when there’s nothing here to worry about?
He tried breathing deeply to remove the ache in his chest.  It helped a little bit.  He stopped a passing waitress and requested ice water.  She nodded and less than a minute later, he was drinking a surprisingly tasty glass of it.  He imbibed it until it was gone then chewed on the ice cubes.  The man looked up from his newspaper, and stared at Charles with dark, emotionless eyes, as if he were looking at a target though the scope of a gun.  Charles pretended not to notice, nonchalantly looking around the dining room.  He could feel the man’s eyes probing him, sizing him up like some prize game.  Finally, Charles opened the book he took with him and pretended he was reading it.  As he rose to go to the restroom, he stole a quick glance at the man to see if he was still watching him.  He wasn’t.  Charles was relieved to see he went back to his newspaper.  The man didn’t look at him again.  Charles read about a quarter of the book before lunch was served.  The steak and kidney pie was well worth the wait, though and he devoured it.  The man across from him refused a meal, only ordering a gin and tonic.  He wrote feverishly in some sort of logbook after his drink was served.  Charles assessed the man after he finished his drink and left the dining room.  Charles considered himself, being six foot three, to be very tall, but this fellow seemed much taller.  He was also heavier than him by at least seven stone.  He suspected Ian might have informed Scotland Yard that Charles had information on the Meyer killings.  For a whole week after he told him some of the things he discovered that was all he wanted to talk about.  Charles supposed Ian was goaded into obtaining more answers, so he stopped going to The Old Iron Cross and instead drank at The Ale & Rum.  He didn’t like it as much as the other pub, but at least there he didn’t feel like a criminal being interrogated constantly.  Seeing this strange man confirmed Ian broke his promise.  They did a fine job in getting someone inconspicuous to follow me, he thought.  I could spot this fellow from fifty miles away.
For the next five days, the man never tried to chat him up, but wherever Charles was, this man was there too.  Charles was so annoyed with his constant presence that most of the fourth day and the fifth day were spent in his cabin.  When he went outside the cabin for a moment on the night of the fourth day, the man just happened to be in the hallway for no apparent reason.  Charles stared at him, and the man stared back, being equally wordless.  He then adjusted his tie, frowned deeply and passed Charles in the hallway.  Charles returned to his cabin, locked it and turned off all the lights.  He was going to stay in bed until it was time to leave.
The day the ship docked in New York, Charles left his cabin with some trepidation.  After he packed his belongings, he looked up and down the hallway, scanning for that man, before going up to the deck opposite the usual side he traveled.  He sighed when once on deck he didn’t see any sign of him in the crowd of people waiting to disembark.  He assumed the man already left the ship and perhaps he was being overly suspicious after all.  That is, until he stepped on the ship’s gangway.  The man stepped on the gangway at the same time and they almost knocked each other over.
He stood to face to face with the man, not wanting to be in front.
“You can go,” he said, gesturing with his hand.
“No,” the man replied in a deep resonant voice. “You go first.”
Not wanting to argue with someone who could easily lay him to waste, he stepped out first.  He felt the man’s eyes on him again.  What the hell was he going to do now?  He was traveling to California to meet his mother, not to make an arrest.  They obviously didn’t know where she was, because they wouldn’t be following him.  Well, they weren’t going to get an answer out of him.  He would spend a few days in New York, and if the man was still following him, he would go back to London.  He was dreaded wasting the trip though, and hoped the man would give up sooner rather than later.
He could feel the man following him as he walked down the dock.  Once on the street, he hailed a taxi, and to his exasperation, the man also ducked inside.  Of course, he was going to the exact same place Charlie was.   He couldn’t help but sulk in disgust.  He felt like giving the idiot driver a good whack in the head for not speeding off like he should have.  The man beside him ignored him once again.
Charles was surprised the man didn’t go into the same hotel he did, and then ‘accidentally’ have a room on the same floor.  Instead, he walked across the street to an office building, carrying his two suitcases.
Reveling in being alone, Charles checked into his room, where he fell asleep again to make up for his last restless night on the ship.  He woke up in the late afternoon, and took a stroll around New York.  After an hour of walking, he stopped into a restaurant to have dinner and a few drinks.
After finishing a large three-course meal, including desert, he noticed a young woman looking at him from the bar.  He assumed she was accompanying the man sitting next to her, but judging by the way she glanced at him, he decided she wasn’t.  He felt uncomfortable, but welcomed her flirtatious glimpses.  He didn’t know how to react to them, so he smiled at her.  He was certain he looked like the most foolish person on earth, but she didn’t seem to mind.  She toyed with the little umbrella in her cocktail.  Eventually, she was staring at him, sipping her drink gracefully.  When she winked, he guessed it was his signal to walk up and introduce himself.  He thought his knees would buckle under when he stood, but thankfully they didn’t.  It seemed like a lifetime just to approach her and sit at the empty stool.  He tried to be casual about it, but he was certain his self-consciousness did show through.
“Uh...hello,” he said to her.
“Hello,” she replied in a silky voice.  To Charles, she sounded like a movie star.
He looked into her intense greenish-blue eyes.  “I...I noticed that you were taking an interest in me.  That’s why I walked over here and sat next to you.”
“I was,” she said, stirring her drink with the folded down umbrella. “I’m guessing you’re interested in me, too?”
“Oh, yes,” Charles said, thinking he sounded desperate. “You’re...well...you seem like a lovely girl.  I want to get to know you.  What’s...your name?”
“Delilah.  What’s yours?”
“Charles...Dr. Charles Hanson.”
She giggled slightly.  “Oh wow...this must be my lucky night.”
“Well, this is definitely mine.  It’s not very often that women are attracted to me.”
“That’s so hard to believe,” Delilah replied, twirling a short dark lock of her very stylized hair. “I noticed you as soon as you walked into the restaurant.  You’re absolutely...adorable.”
Charles shrugged sheepishly.  “I’m glad you think so.”
She pulled a cigarette case out of her purse, and opened it.  “Want one?” she asked.
“Thank you, but no.”
She looked confused and hurt.
“I’m asthmatic,” he explained.
She seemed satisfied with that answer as she put the cigarette in her mouth and lit it up.
“So you’re English?” she asked, after she exhaled the smoke.
“Yes, I am,” Charles replied, trying his best to maintain his dignity by not coughing. “I’ve come here on holiday.”
“Really?” she replied. “Well, I grew up on these streets, maybe I can show you around.”
“That would be wonderful.”
“Want to take a walk around Central Park...and get to know each other?”
“I would love that.”
They left the restaurant and Delilah led the way to Central Park.  When they reached it, Charles saw that dusk was approaching.
“It’s cold out here,” Delilah said. “I should have taken my coat with me.”
“You can have mine,” he replied, taking off his gray overcoat and wrapping it around her shoulders.
“That’s so nice of you,” she said. “You British fellas, you’re all real gentlemen.”
“Well, I try to be.”
“You’re looking for a good woman, Dr. Charles?”
“Yes, I would love to get married someday.  How about you?”
“I’ve been there.  It wasn’t too pleasant, but I sort of expected that.  I only married Jim so I could get out the house.  Next time I’m going to marry for love.”
“I’m so sorry about that.”
“Oh, it’s nothing to be sorry about.  It worked out well for me.  Before, I was practically a domestic slave and I couldn’t squeeze a cent out of my husband.  Now, I’m free to do what I want.  The only problem is that it’s a black mark on my record.  A lot of people think divorce is a mortal sin, and they won’t even look at me after I tell them I’ve been married.  The last man I dated spit in my face and walked off after I told him about Jim.  It really broke my heart, because we had been going out for six months, and I liked him.  That’s why I wanted to tell you straight out.  I hope you don’t mind.”
“No,” Charles replied, “not in the least.”
Delilah smiled.  Charlie thought his heart would stop beating.
“So, what kind of doctor are you?” she asked.
He grinned nervously.  “My specialty is forensic pathology.  Examining the deceased, performing autopsies, that sort of thing.”
“Oh, wow,” she said, her eyes lighting up. “You must be darn smart to able to do that.”
“A strong stomach is required, too.”
“I like my men smart and strong.  Guess you fit the bill.  How old are you?”
“Twenty-seven.”
“I just turned thirty last week,” Delilah replied. “I hope you don’t mind that I’m older.”
“Not at all.”
“Now, I thought that would be the clincher that would turn you off.  There’s not many men that like their gals being older than them.”
“Well, I thought you would turn around and run away as soon as I told you I do autopsies.  Most people seem to be repelled by someone who touches the dead.  They think I’m infected with some sort of a disease that will instantly kill them.”
“Hey, it’s sounds like a great job to me.  I mean, somebody has to do it.”
“Yes, they do.  Do you have a career?”
Delilah looked down and scuffed at the ground with her wine-colored high heels.  “I wouldn’t call it a career.  I really hate doing it, but since I only went to school until I was ten, there isn’t anything else I know how to do.  I tried being a chambermaid at a hotel, then a housekeeper, but I got fired for both.  This...well...at least I can’t mess it up.  All you have to do is get in a car...”
Charles noticed that tears filled her eyes.
“Delilah, are you crying?” he asked.
“Yeah,” she sobbed, “I’m making an ass of myself as usual.”
“Oh no, you’re not,” Charles whispered.  He put his arm around her.  “Let’s go sit down and we can talk about it.”
He led her to a nearby park bench.  He held her as she buried her head inside his chest and bawled her eyes out.
“There,” he said, taking off her knitted cap and stroking her hair, “things aren’t that bad.”
“Yes, they are,” she cried. “You can’t even begin to imagine the things I have to do.  It’s so degrading.  I don’t even feel human half the time.  The only thing that fellas want from me is to get some cuzzy and leave.  It’s so awful!”
“Well, you don’t have to do that anymore.  I’ll take care of you from now on.”
Delilah stood straight up.
“What?  Did I hear what you just said right?”
“Yes, you did.  I’m madly in love in you, Delilah.  Your past doesn’t matter to me.  If you want, I’ll take you back to London, where you can do whatever your heart desires.  You could even become my wife.”
“Oh my lord, Charles.  Do you realize what you’re saying?  You’ve known me for a whole hour.  Besides, I’m a charity girl...do you know how many men I’ve been with?”
“I don’t care,” Charlie replied, taking her face in his heads. “You’re just so devastatingly beautiful.  I have to have you.”
She gave him a shy smile.  “You’re definitely one in a million.”
“Well, you’re one in a billion.”
“I must look like a mess,” she said. “My mascara is probably all over the place.”
“It’s not that bad,” he replied, then reached into the pocket of his trousers for a handkerchief. “Here, I’ll clean you up.”
He wiped the tears, and the smeared mascara, from her cheeks.
“Now, that’s better,” he said. “Do you mind if I steal a kiss?”
“No, go ahead.”
He kissed her gently on her right cheek, lingering for several seconds.  He didn’t want it to end.
“I thought you meant the lips,” Delilah said.  She dived onto him, stroking his chest and smothering him with kisses.
He felt a shiver flow down his spine, and his body responded in a way it never had before.  He tightened his hold on her and pulled her closer.  He could feel her breasts and the shape of her hips beneath the velvet burgundy dress.  This made him unbelievably excited.  He wanted her like he wanted no one before--naked, in bed with him.
He was attempting to undo the buttons on the back of her dress, when she pushed him away.
“We better stop.  Someone might see us,” she said.
He was astounded by his actions.  “Oh, Delilah...I’m so sorry.  I swear I’ve never behaved like that ever.  It’s just that-”
“Don’t worry about it.  I understand.  I feel the same way for you, too.”
“You do?”
She nodded.  “I’m the one who started it.  It’s only natural that you responded.”
“This night is so fantastic,” Charles said, feeling nothing but bliss. “Look at that sky...and that moon.  Now, I’ve got you.  The woman I’ve been searching for all my life.”
“Oh, Charles...I feel the same way too.  Just an hour ago, I had nothing, but now all my dreams are coming true. Why don’t we go somewhere and celebrate?”
“We could order champagne from my hotel room...and perhaps we could continue what we started.”
She took his hand and squeezed it.  “Show me the way, Prince Charming.”


Chapter 72--March 13


Charles woke up the next morning to find Delilah, naked and sleeping, by his side.  He was surprised and overjoyed she hadn’t left him.  He was expecting that, even as they were making love.  
“Well, Charlie, I guess this little holiday in New York wasn’t a waste of time after all,” he said to himself.  He smiled as he imagined how his parents would react when he introduced them to Delilah.
‘Oh, Francis’, his mother would say, as he would involuntarily wince at his first name, ‘I’m so proud that you finally found yourself a wife, and what a lovely bride she is, too!’
‘Well, son, do we have any grandbabies on the way?’ his father would say, patting him vigorously on the back.
‘Oh my lord, my little brother is getting married!’  Aubina would cry.
He had to smile more when he realized from this day forward he would never be lonely.  He wouldn’t have to go through the endless cycle of introducing himself to a woman and then being rejected after the first date.  His colleagues at the mortuary would be impressed.  He would be the first one to be married.
As he watched her sleeping, he realized he loved her more than yesterday.  Even in his wildest dreams, he never thought he would marry someone so beautiful.  He couldn’t wait to parade her about London.  He could imagine the envious and shocked expressions on people’s faces--especially those people who ridiculed and rejected him.
He started stroking her thick black hair, and covering her face with soft kisses when she woke up.
“What are you doing?” she asked, groggily.
“Loving you, as always,” he replied, nuzzling her neck.
“I’m not used to all this affection.  Usually I only wake up with twenty dollars by my side.”
“Not anymore.  Now, your payment will only come in kisses.”
“Well, aren’t you a sweetheart.  Give me my payment, baby.”
He gave her a long, passionate kiss. 
“You’re good,” she said. “Ever been employed at a kissing booth?”
“No, not ever.  Speaking of which, there’s something I want you to know.”
“You got VD, right?”
“What?” Charles said, chuckling. “No, far from it.  Actually, it’s the opposite.  See, you’re...uhh, you’re...the only woman I’ve ever had.”
She looked shocked.
“You’re a virgin?”
Charles nodded.
“Wow...you could qualify for the priesthood.”
“Yes, I probably could.”
“But you’ve done some heavy petting?”
“No, I’ve never petted any woman in my entire life.  The longest relationship I’ve had lasted an entire week, and unlike you, she wasn’t a terribly cuddly creature.”
“Well, don’t worry, hon,” she said. “I didn’t notice that you were inexperienced.  I just thought you had squirrel fever.”
Charles laughed.  “Well, that too.  You do get me quite aroused.  Perhaps we can do it again.”
She sat up, and gathered her clothes.
“Not right now,” she replied. “I have a busy day ahead of me.”
“Really?  What do you have to do?”
“First, I have to meet some friends of mine,” She said, slipping on her lacy underwear. “We got some plans to discuss.”
“Can I come with you...or is this a private matter?”
“Oh, no.  This ain’t private at all.  Actually, I want to take you along.  They are going to be so surprised that I found myself a husband...who’s also a doctor.”
“I’ll tell them you caught me hook, line, and sinker.”
She smiled knowingly.  “I sure did, baby.”
Charles was excited to be meeting some of Delilah’s friends.  He put on the finest suit he had with him.  Delilah put on the burgundy dress she had on the night before.  It still looked stunning on her.
He was expecting to go to a restaurant, or a friend’s flat, but she walked across the street, in the direction of the office building that man had entered the day before.  He stopped at the edge of the sidewalk.  For the first time, he felt suspicious about her.  Of all the places in the world, why would she meet her friends in there?  Prostitutes don’t usually befriend secretaries or executives.  What if that man was still there?  Or worse still, what if one of her friends was that man?
Delilah hadn’t noticed he stopped following her until she was across the street.
“Hey!” she shouted. “What’s wrong?  You got cold feet or something?”
“No!” he shouted back. “It’s just that...”
“Just what?”
Should I tell her about that man? he asked himself.
“Come on, Charlie,” she moaned. “Get your tootsie over here before the cars start coming!”
“All right,” Charles replied.   It was unlikely she would know him.  He didn’t appear to be the type to associate with ladies of the night.  He quickly looked both ways, than jogged across the street.
“I thought you were going to run away there for a minute,” she said, taking his hand in hers.
“I would never do that to you,” he replied as they strolled into the office building.
As soon as they entered, Charles sensed something was wrong, though there was nothing ominous.  Delilah seemed calm, and the lobby was deserted.
When they entered the elevator, she pushed the button for the top floor.
“It’s a restaurant,” she explained, before he had time to panic.
“Oh,” he replied, feeling relief.  He fear rose again, though, as he realized that the man might be there, perhaps having breakfast.
“Are you afraid of heights?” she asked. “You’re sweating like crazy.”
He wiped his forehead.  It was very moist.  “Yes,” he admitted, “I’ve always been very afraid of heights...and being in dark places...I’m also afraid of being buried alive…or being trapped in a cellar…the list goes on and on.”
She patted his arm sympathetically.  “My poor bunny…I hate the same things too.  I used to be afraid of heights when I was younger, but now I’m not so bad.  I ain’t going up in one of those airplanes, though.”
“I don’t blame you.  I would never go on one either.”
The bell rung, and the doors opened.  When he saw what was waiting for him, he knew it was a trap.  There was no restaurant, only a dim empty space with a metal table.  Around it, there were four people sitting.  At the head of the table was the big man.
He looked helplessly at Delilah, trying to find the right words to say.  The only thing that came out of his throat was a pathetic yelp.
She smiled.  “Come meet my friends, Charlie.”
His attention focused on the elevator buttons.  He leapt forward and almost reached the button for the first floor, but something cold and metallic was shoved against his neck.
“You touch that thing,” Delilah said in an eerily calm voice.  He heard the safety click off.  “and you’re gonna be deader than the people you chop up.”
“Delilah,” he replied, “I thought you loved me.”
“You thought wrong.  Now move it!”
He walked into the room, resigned to the fact he had been deceived.
All three men stood up and cocked their pistols.  The man sitting on the far left came forward.  He had long, slicked back blond hair, narrow gray eyes, and a smattering of light freckles.  His schoolboy face looked at odds with his gangster-style pinstripe suit, and bright red tie.
“Hello, Doll,” he said, putting his gun on the other side of Charlie’s neck.
“Hello, Jimmy,” Delilah said, returning her gun to her purse.  Then, only inches from Charles’s face, she kissed Jimmy on the lips.
“Well done, Delilah,” The man said.
“Thank you very much,” she replied, sauntering over and putting her arms around him. “See, didn’t I tell you that a woman’s charm works wonders?”
“Oh God,” Charles cried.  He was deathly afraid of the man, and his chest constricted because of it.
“Jared Goodale to you,” The big man replied, looking amused.  He pulled out a badge. “I think we’re going to get to know each other very well.  This young lady you’ve been courting is Delilah Ladd, aspiring actress.”
Jimmy shoved the gun deeper into Charles’ neck, and also flipped open his badge.  “James F. Preston.  Chief Detective, Major Crimes Unit, NYPD, fiancé to you-know-who.”
Charles could barely tell what anyone was saying.  His head was spinning, and though he was fighting against his next attack with all his strength, it was a losing battle.  He tried to focus on the familiar looking elderly man on the right side of Jared Goodale.
“Maurice Danby, retired detective of Scotland Yard.  I was the first person on the scene of the Meyer arson, after the firemen, that is.  You know, Charles, I’m so glad to finally meet you.  I know you’ll have the answers I’ve been searching for.”
Charles gasped when he saw Ian beside his father.  His lungs we’re at the brink of collapse.
“Charlie...” Ian said, his voice breaking, “I’m so sorry.”
“I trusted you...” Charles wheezed out. “You betrayed me.”
“You said you were going to tell the police.  I believed you, but then you took off.  I had no choice but to do this.  Calm yourself down...your asthma is not going to make things easier.  I know you’re frightened...I would be too if I were in the same situation.  But I promise you, we’re going to make this as quick and easy as possible...as long as you cooperate.”
“What if I...don’t want to cooperate?  What if I don’t answer your questions at all?”
“Then I’ll kill ya!” Jimmy screamed in his ear.
“Preston!” Jared bellowed. 
“Yeah, yeah, yeah...” Jimmy replied.
“Charles,” Jared said to him, his god-like voice taking on a fatherly tone, “you seem like a very upright, responsible young man.  I know you want to do what’s right, especially for your mother.  Let me tell you straight away, she is an imminent danger.  Any man who could kill members of his own family, including his first wife, will not hesitate to do it again.  You don’t want to mother to die, do you?”
“Oh no...” Charles whispered.  Spots appeared in front of his eyes.  It was a matter of moments before he was unconscious.
“Then you have to tell us where Franz Warholm is.”
Ian put his gun into his holster, and grabbed a paper bag lying on the table.
“Do you have your inhaler with you?” he asked, his eyes filled with concern.
Charles shook his head.
“Put the gun away, Preston,” Ian ordered. “Charlie’s not going to do anything rash.” He turned back to Charles. “Just sit down in the chair right there.  Now, take the paper bag, and breathe good and slow.  There you go, old chap.”
After a few minutes, Charles’s chest lightened.  He put the paper bag down.
“I won’t let anyone hurt you,” Ian reassured him. “We only have guns with us because we want you to know that we mean business.  Don’t mind James and his macho rubbish.  He’s just being his stereotypical New York self.”
Preston’s eyes narrowed, but he neither moved nor spoke.
“Well, I suppose we can carry on now.  Do you want the honors, Dad?”
“I’d be delighted.  Charles, is it true that your mother is Caitlin Hadley?”
“Yes,” he replied.
“Can you prove it?”
“My mum and dad have the adoption papers.”
“Very good.  Now, is it true that Caitlin Hadley is currently married to Franz Warholm?”
“Yes, at least that’s what I was told.”
“By whom?”
“Mr. Warholm’s aunt.”
“Hmmm...that’s odd, she never told me that.”
“Don’t have her arrested, Mr. Danby.”
“We have no interest in arresting her, we’re only concerned with getting Warholm.  Now, where do you think they are hiding?  Are they still in the United States?”
“Yes.”
“Where?”
“Uhhh...”
“Let’s cut to the chase, fellas,” Jimmy said, irritably. “Where the hell are they, Charlie Boy?  I want the exact address or-”
“Shut up!” Jared yelled. “Don’t threaten the lad!  All right, Charles, this is your last question.  Where are they?”
“They live in...A--Auburn...California.”
“Where in Auburn, California?” Jimmy asked.
“Willow Lane, I believe.”
“What number?”
“Just Willow Lane...that’s all.”
Jimmy and Jared tucked their guns away.
“Let’s get out of here, Del,” Jimmy said. “I need some breakfast.”
Ian patted Charles on the back.
“See, I told you it wasn’t that hard.”
“I hate you, Ian,” Charles growled. “What you did to me was unforgivable.  I never want to see you again.”
“I’m sorry you feel that way, old chap, because I still like you.  Don’t worry, though, you’ll get your wish.  My job here is over.  I’m going back home to England, and you’ll never hear from me again.  From now on, Jared’s going to take care of you.”
“Someday, you’re going to thank us,” Maurice said. “Before I go, I just want to say that you’ve made an old man’s dream come true.”
“Don’t hurt my mother,” Charles cried.
“We won’t,” Jared replied, wrapping one arm under Charles’s shoulders and lifting him up effortlessly. “She’s completely innocent.  The only use we’ll have for her is as a witness...once the trial gets started.”
Everyone left the room together.  Charles was in the clutches of Jared, who grasped his upper arm like he was an invalid.  They left the office building and Charles was escorted back to the entrance of the hotel.
“Delilah!” he cried out, as the love of his life strolled away with another man, “You still love me, don’t you?”
She suddenly turned around, and with a sly grin, walked back to Charles.
She kissed him softly on the cheek.
“Bye-bye, Chucky,” she said out loud. “It’s been nice to know ya.” 
She walked off and rejoined Jimmy.  They burst out loud in laughter as they disappeared down the street.


Chapter 73--March 18


Charles felt like a dog being dragged on a leash as he traveled to San Francisco.  Jared was by his side every minute.  The only time he was left alone was when he had to go to the bathroom, but if he took too long, Jared would be rapping on the door telling him to hurry up.  Charles spent most of his time wondering how he could have gotten himself into this mess.  Why did he tell Ian about his mother?  He was a police officer; of course he was going tell someone in the Scotland Yard establishment.  Why did he fall into Delilah’s trap?  He should have known a woman that beautiful would never be attracted to someone like him.  He had trouble getting unattractive women to like him.  Even though he knew she used him, he couldn’t help but think about her.  He was wondering what she was doing, and if she had thought about him since he last saw her.
Charles toyed with the idea of an escape, but it was discarded.  They were on a train moving eighty miles an hour.  He was too smart to climb out a window and jump.  The likely result would be death.  And where would he go?  Jared confiscated his money.  He was in a foreign country.  And what if Jared caught up with him?   He didn’t want to think about that.
When they arrived in the train station in San Francisco, two men in crisp black suits, gelled back hair, and equally crisp fedoras met them.  They pulled out their identification badges and showed them to Charles and Jared.  They followed the men to the parking lot, where they entered a blue Ford Model A sedan.  Jared escorted Charles into the back seat.
It was a pleasant day.  There was not a cloud in a sky, and it was warm.  Even the glum looking men in the front seat were commenting on it.  Charles wasn’t enjoying it though.  The closer they moved toward Auburn, the sicker he became.  That was unusual for him.  The last time he had a bout of nausea, he was a child.  It was because ate something that had spoiled.  This time, though, he supposed it was nerves.  He had never been this anxious in his life.
He groaned when he saw the ‘Welcome to Auburn’ sign.
“Could you stop the car please?” Charles asked the man who was driving.
He scowled, but he did slow down and pulled over the side of the road.  Charles got out and with his back to the car, lost most of his breakfast discreetly in a ditch.  He returned to the car.
“Do you feel better?”  Jared asked.
“No,” Charles replied. “I don’t think I’ll ever feel better again.”
The man in the front passenger seat harrumphed.  Jared frowned and looked at him as if he were child who misbehaved.  Nothing else was said.
They arrived in downtown Auburn.  It looked like a perfectly tranquil place to Charles.  He watched the small shops pass by on Main Street, with people strolling along.  Some were walking their dogs, others carrying shopping bags or holding children by the hand.  Charles envied them.
They stopped in front of a vacant house.  It was painted gray, with white shutters and trim.  It didn’t take Charles long to notice a small gravel road next to this house, with a homemade sign saying ‘Willow Lane’.  He was yards away from the person he had been searching for his whole life and would have no choice but to betray.
The two men in front got out, Jared and Charles followed.  Charles glanced at the rusted black mailbox with the word ‘Ebner’ painted in crude white letters.  He wondered where those people went, and if they talked to Caitlin at all.
The bulkier of the two men, who was the driver of the car, jangled a set of keys absently until he arrived at the front door.  He picked out one key, and opened the door. 
When Charlie entered the house, he noticed it was dark and musty.   They bypassed the empty living room and entered the kitchen, which was lit by a bare bulb.  In one corner was a well-worn table, with some strange equipment Charles didn’t recognize.  There was a man sitting there.  He was tall, with blond hair graying at the temples.  
“Let us get acquainted with each other here,” Jared said, sounding like a nervous host at a party. “Charles, I’d like to you meet Dr. James MacNeal.  Jim, this is Dr. Charles Hanson.  He’s going to help us capture Franz Warholm.”
“I’m very pleased to meet you, Doctor,” Jim said, sounding as if Charlie were the answer to his prayers.
Charles said nothing in return.
“These two gentlemen are Agents Burke Duggan and Edward Margolis.  They work for the F.B.I. and they’re going to assist us with the equipment in this case.”
Dr. MacNeal shook hands with them.
“So,” he said, “when do we get started?”
“First,” Agent Duggan said, “I’d like to eat lunch.  Is there any food in this house?”
“No,” Dr. MacNeal replied, “but I had my housekeeper Rose go shopping to get something to eat.  She should be here in about twenty minutes.  I must also say she’s an excellent cook.”
“Good,” Agent Margolis said. “Now we have to go over the first thing we’d like to do, and that is to install a wiretap in the house.  But we need the whole family, including Warholm, out of there for a few hours.  Can you think of any way you can arrange that, Doctor?”
“I’m not sure,” Dr. MacNeal said. “Franz is very sick.  It would be extremely difficult to get him to leave the house.  I could have him admitted to a hospital, but that might take a while.”
“It wouldn’t work,” Jared replied. “We want Franz to stay as close to us as possible.”
“I have another idea,” Jim said. “I’ll give Franz a large dose of morphine. He gets one injection daily and occasionally I have to give him extra doses of it.  He wouldn’t question it at all.  That would keep him unconscious for several hours. “
“What about the wife...and the kids?” Agent Duggan asked.
“I think they would be fairly easy to get out of the house.  I could invite Caitlin out to dinner.  Her daughter could stay at a friend’s house.”
“What about the son?” Agent Margolis asked.
“Now, he would be a little hard to keep track of,” the doctor replied. “He’s seventeen, and though he technically doesn’t live there anymore, he’s always in and out of that house.  He doesn’t have a predictable schedule either.”
“The last thing we need is that kid to walk in on us while we’re putting in the wiretap,” Agent Duggan said, “then the whole operation would be blown.”
“What we need to do is get the entire family to go to one place for a set amount of time,” Jared said.  He turned to Charles. “Do you have any ideas on how to do that?”
“Not really,” Charles replied glumly.
“Oh, come on now,” Jared said with a hint of menace in this voice. “I know you’re a very smart man.  You must have at least one suggestion.”
“Well,” Charles muttered very reluctantly, “since I’m going to be their next door neighbor for a while, I suppose I could introduce myself and invite them over for dinner.”
“Excellent idea!” Jared shouted.
“There’s only one problem...” Charles said.
“What?”
“I can’t cook to save my life.”
“There’s no problem there,” Dr. MacNeal said. “Rosie will come over and make the dinner for you.”
“You’re a genius, Dr. Hanson,” Jared replied, patting Charles a little too roughly on the back.
“You have a house call there in two hours,” Doctor MacNeal replied. “You can ask them then.”
“Excuse me?” Charles asked. “What did you just say?”
“You have to go there in about two hours,” Dr. MacNeal said. “It’s not as hard as it sounds.  Just ask him how he’s feeling and if he requests any extra morphine, give him some.”
“What sort of ailment does he have, Doctor?” Charles asked. “It sounds like he has a terminal illness.”
“He does,” the doctor replied, picking up a thick folder and handing it to Charles. “Advanced cirrhosis of the liver.  He had a biopsy taken last year and I was told the tissue was so badly scarred that the surgeon thought he’d been drinking since birth.  Here’s his medical history.  You can review it while we eat lunch.”
“Speaking of which,” Duggan said, “when is it coming?”
“Soon, you crybaby!” Margolis replied. “Why don’t you cut the whining and wait patiently like everyone else does?”
“Gentlemen,” Jared said evenly, “we have important business to discuss.  Now let’s set up a game plan, and tell us how to use the equipment.”

When Charles approached the house on Willow Lane a few hours later, his stomach felt like a hundred butterflies were moving inside it.  He stepped up carefully on the porch and with an unsteady hand, rang the doorbell.  A few moments later, a woman answered the door.
She looked disappointed to see him.  “Can I help you?” she asked.
Charles was speechless for a moment.  For the first time, he was face to face with his mother.
“Uh...” he said, chastising himself for sounding stupid, “are you Mrs. Roesele?”
“Yes,” she replied. “Who are you?”
“I’m Dr. Smith,” Charles stated as calmly as possible. “I’m here to check on Mr. Roesele.”
“Where’s Dr. MacNeal?” she asked.
“Well…um...Dr. MacNeal has been a little busy recently, so I’ve been taking care of some of his patients.”
“Oh, I see,” she replied, looking a little hurt. “Come in.”
Charles stepped into the simple but well decorated foyer.  Pictures of children at various ages graced the walls of the hallway.  One was a boy with dark hair, the other a girl with blond hair like her mother.  It was hard for Charles to believe, but these strangers were his brother and his sister.
“Franz is upstairs,” she said, barely looking at him before turning away. “Follow me.”
He stepped into the living room where he saw the young blond girl in the pictures sitting on the sofa, playing with her dolls.  A radio was humming softly in the background.  
Charles didn’t get a chance to introduce himself, but he smiled politely, and she returned the gesture as her eyes followed him up the stairs.  
Once upstairs, he heard an uneven clacking sound, like someone was using a typewriter.
“He’s writing again,” Caitlin stated, sounding annoyed.  She opened the first bedroom door on the right.
“Franz,” she called inside, “the doctor is here is to see you.”
“Let him in,” A tired voice replied.
“Go ahead, Dr. Smith,” she said impersonally.
Charles entered the bedroom.  It was dark, with the shades drawn closed.  The only light came from the bulb of a single desk lamp near an antiquated typewriter.
The man sitting at the desk turned around.  He couldn’t have weighed more than ninety pounds.  His eyes were bleary and yellowed behind his thick spectacles.  He had unnatural bald patches on his head, which made him look like a victim of a bad haircut.  His skin was a translucent yellow, and Charles could see the small red veins on his nose and cheeks.
“Hello, Doctor,” Franz said.
“Hello, Mr. Roesele,” Charles replied, walking over to the desk and shaking his hand.  It was moist and the grasp was weak. “I’m your new physician, Dr. Charles Smith.  Dr. MacNeal has been very busy lately, so I took some of his patients.”
“Good,” he replied, “I’m happy that I finally have a new doctor.  I couldn’t stand looking at Dr. MacNeal, not with what he’s done behind my back.”
Charles didn’t bother to ask what that was, though he was curious.  It was better to mind his business, though.
“I suppose you want me to sit on the bed so you can examine me.  Am I right?” Franz said.
Charles nodded.
Franz lifted himself wearily off the chair and sat down on the bed.  Charles took his blood pressure and temperature.  He listened to his breathing with the stethoscope.
“Why do you even bother?” Franz moaned.
“Well, we have to keep track of your progress,” Charles replied.  He was warming up into this small town doctor role.  “I want you to live as long and as well as you can.  It seems you’ve improved somewhat since your last visit.  According to this file...” he flipped it open and looked at the notes, “your blood pressure has dropped significantly, and your breathing has stabilized, whereas on your last visit it was ‘strained and slightly erratic.’”
Franz sighed.  “It doesn’t matter.  I’m going to die soon anyway.”
“If we make sure you’re properly nourished though and you take care to avoid illness and infection, you have a good chance of living five to ten more years.  That’s not what I would call ‘soon’.  Now, I know those aren’t very good odds, but there is some reason to hope.”
“I was told the same thing last year,” Franz said. “I’m sure I’ve had this disease for at least five years, maybe more, so I probably have a year to live...if that much.”
“You can’t have that attitude,” Charles said. “That is the one thing that will kill you faster than anything else.  You have to have hope for the future.”
Franz closed his eyes, as if he were blocking out Charlie’s words.
“Let me ask you a few questions,” Charles said, wanting to ease the tension. “Are you taking the vitamins that were prescribed to you every day?”
“Yes,” Franz said, sounding annoyed, “every goddamn day Caitlin comes in here and shoves the pills down my throat.”
“Very good,” Charles replied. “Have you’ve been experiencing nausea and vomiting at all?”
“Well, I always have nausea,” Franz said, “but I haven’t been vomiting.”
“Good, have you been eating properly?”
“I had an egg for breakfast.  That was about all I could eat for today.”
Charles nodded.  “You have to try to eat more often, even if you don’t have an appetite.  It’s important that you keep your strength up.”
“I know.”
“Would you like an injection right now for the pain?” Charles asked.  
“Absolutely not,” Franz replied. “I have a book to write and it can’t be done while I have that chemical flowing through my veins.  I can barely think while I’m on it, never mind write.”
“I understand,” Charles said. “but if you’re ever in need of it again-”
“Don’t worry,” Franz replied, raising his hand. “I won’t be.”
“So you’re a writer?” Charles asked. “How many books have you written?”
“The one I’m working on now will be my tenth. “
“What is it about?”
Franz paused before answering.  “It’s about a man whose life is a dismal, dismal failure.  He’s disappointed everyone, including his family.  He has all sorts of problems, including the legal kind.  Then one day he sees this vision.  A man in a dark suit comes up and presents him with a tempting offer.  He can go back in time and correct all the mistakes he has made, but he has to do one thing...”
“What is that?”
“He has to kill his wife.”
“That sounds awfully intriguing.  I’d like to read it once it’s finished.”
“Would you like to see the first three chapters?” Franz asked.  The frown that appeared imbedded onto his face suddenly lightened. “You can take them home if you like.”
“Very well,” Charles replied, surprised at Franz’s openness. “I’ll return the manuscript first thing tomorrow, I promise.”
“There’s no need to hurry,” Franz said. “If you don’t mind, could I ask you a question?”
“Of course,” Charles replied.
Franz’s eyes grew fearful. “Dr. MacNeal…is he talking to the police or any men who look like detectives?”
Charles tried his best to restrain his emotions.  “Um…I don’t think so.  May I ask why?”
“Well…there’s something from my past that’s been weighing on me for years.  I don’t know if Dr. MacNeal is aware of it, but I’ve been having nightmares of him smiling at me while I’m being arrested.”
“I don’t think Dr. MacNeal would be terribly happy to see any of his patients in jail.  I believe you’re just having those dreams because you’re under a tremendous amount of stress from being ill.  I doubt that’s going to happen.”
“You’re wrong there,” Franz said. “He wants very much to get me out of the way.  I want you to ask him a question the next time you see him.  Does he know anyone named Katja?”
“All right,” Charles replied, feeling very confused.
“If he knows about her, I think he will tell you.  And that means he knows about the other things too and is talking to the police.  If he does know her, come and tell me as soon as you can.”
“Very well,” Charles said, extreme discomfort rising within him.  This game was getting a little too dangerous for his liking. “I will do that.  I have another patient to see, but I’ll return next week to check up on you.  If you have any problems or questions, don’t hesitate to give me a call.”
“I won’t,” Franz replied.  He reached over to the desk and handed Charles a stack of typewritten paper.
“Thank you,” Charles said. “I think I’ll enjoy reading this tonight.  Take care of yourself, Mr. Roesele.”
“You can call me Franz,” he said, smiling slightly, “Good-bye, Dr. Smith.”
As he went downstairs, Charles remembered he had to invite Caitlin and her children over to dinner.  He could feel his chest squeeze.  She didn’t seem particularly thrilled to see him, so it was going to be awkward at best.  And what if she said no?  He didn’t want to know what Jared and the other agents would do to him if he came back with that answer.
Caitlin was sitting on the sofa next to her daughter doing some sort of needlework.  She turned around when Charles came down the stairs.
“How is he doing, Dr. Smith?” she asked him.
“Actually, he’s doing much better since the last time Dr. MacNeal visited him.  You might want to cheer him up a bit, though.  He seems awfully depressed.”
Caitlin’s eyes lowered to the floor.  “Yeah, I know.  We’ve been trying, but…” She simply shrugged her shoulders, not knowing what else to say.
“Um…” Charles started, having no idea how to get around the awkward situation, “as you could probably guess, I’m new in town, actually new in the country and uh…well, I’d let to meet some of my neighbors.”
“Where do you live?” Caitlin asked.
“Actually, I just moved into the gray house down the street.”
Caitlin looked up at him in surprise.  “Oh, well that’s awfully close!  Actually, that’s wonderful!”
“Yes, and uh…I was curious if tomorrow night you and your family would like to have dinner at my house.”
The little girl’s eyes widened.  Caitlin looked less than thrilled and Charles was sure she was going to turn down the invitation.
“Well, I…”
“We’d love to go!” the little girl chimed in.
Caitlin chuckled.  “All right.  I suppose it’ll save me from having to cook again.  What time would you want us to be there?”
“Uh…is six o’ clock good for you?”
“That’s perfect.”
Charles was relieved to get this over with.  “Very well, six o’clock it is.  I’m pleased to meet you and your daughter.”
“We’re very pleased to meet you too.  I must say it will be very convenient having a doctor live down the street from us.”
“Well, anytime you have a problem, feel free to give me a ring.  That is…when I get a telephone in my house.”
“Thank you very much, Doctor.  I hope you have a lovely rest of the day.”
When Charles left the house, he realized what he just did.
The trap was set.


Chapter 74--March 19


That night the Jared questioned Charles extensively on the conversation Charles had with Franz.  He seemed very pleased with the outcome, though the other two men were less than thrilled with it.
“That is wonderful,” Jared said. “I can’t believe how much information you got out of him, Charles.”
Duggan frowned.  “I would have preferred a confession.”
“But this is good,” Jared countered.  “Actually, I wasn’t expecting him to reveal even that much.”
“I know you British fellas like do things nice and slow, but my partner and I would like this to be finished as soon as possible.”
“It will be,” Jared replied. “I suspect Franz will confess outright very soon.  I would like to find out who this person named Katja is.  I think she could give us some very valuable information.  Do you know who she is, Jim?”
The doctor shook his head, but a glimmer of recognition came over him.
“I think I may know,” he said. “This is just a guess, but about ten years ago, Caitlin told me that she thought that her husband was cheating on her.  That might be the woman’s name.”
“We’ll have to have more information,” Jared said. “Charles, the next time you visit Franz, I want you to ask as many questions as you can about this Katja.”
“Try and get a confession out of him, too,” Margolis interjected. “So we can pack up this operation and go home.”
“Good luck with the dinner tomorrow night,” Jared said, smiling at Charles.
Charles went to bed in this strange house feeling exhausted and decades older.  He spent the night staring out of a single darkened window, thinking of an escape from this nightmare.  He could come up with none that were practical.  The more he thought about his situation, the more conflicted he became.  He was drowning in guilt.  Near dawn, he fell into an unpleasant and restless sleep.
He awakened the next morning at eleven o’ clock.  He spent part of the afternoon reading the three chapters Franz gave him.  He was taken in by the story.  He realized if Franz was arrested, he would never have the chance to finish this novel.
Three hours later, the voices of Jared and the other men echoed up the stairs.  They chatted with Rose for a while.  About an hour after that, Dr. MacNeal knocked on the front door.  Charles heard it squeaking open and Dr. MacNeal coming in.
“I visited Franz and gave him some morphine,” The doctor said. “He was completely asleep when I left, and he should be like that for several hours.”
“Good,” Margolis said, “I’ll go and move the car.”
Charles figured there would be a manhunt if he didn’t come downstairs soon.  He combed his hair and tucked in his shirt before making his appearance.
“Oh, hello there, Charles,” Jared said, greeting him in the kitchen.
“Hello,” Charles replied, keeping his head down and avoiding eye contact.  He took a seat at the kitchen table as if he were a child being forced to eat.
“I’m going to explain everything to you,” Jared said. “I’ll be hiding in the broom closet with a wire recorder and a microphone, listening in to every word that’s said.  I want you to act perfectly natural, but I’d like you to ask many, many questions.  Pull as much information as you can out of her.  Remember, the sooner we can get proof that Franz was involved in the Meyer killings, the sooner we can all go home.  Do you have any questions?”
“No,” Charles replied glumly, “I don’t.”
At five thirty, Duggan and Margolis left, along with Dr. MacNeal and Rose.  Jared was ensconced in the broom closet.  It was a tight fit, considering his size, but he managed to get in there.  Charles stood at the kitchen table, waiting for his role to begin.
Twenty minutes later, he heard the awaited knock at the door.  He stood up, walked into the living room, and answered it.  Caitlin was there, looking attractive in a mauve ermine-lined coat, and matching short brimmed hat, but to Charles’ shock, there was no one else. 
“Where’s-?” he muttered in a semi-panic, imagining Duggan and Margolis returning to the house and beating the daylights out of him.
“Oh, I should explain, shouldn’t I?” she said. “Christian, well, I didn’t think he would come.  He doesn’t particularly like being seen in my company anymore.   He’s afraid I’m going to embarrass him.  He went to the movies with his girlfriend.  It’s a double feature, so there’s no chance he’ll be coming home and waking up Franz.  And Dierdre...well, she really wanted to come to dinner, but it’s one of her friends’ birthdays today, and I told her it wouldn’t be proper to not to go after she said she would, so she went.  I’m really sorry for the inconvenience.  I should have told you ahead of time.”
“It’s not a problem,” Charles replied. “Come in.”
She stepped in and Charles took her coat.  She had on a pink dress with a draped neckline.
“How do you like the Ebner house?” she asked.
“It’s lovely,” Charles replied, “though it’s a little big for just one person.”
“Maybe you should find some roommates.”
“I’ve been thinking about that.”
Caitlin sniffed the air.  “That smells delicious.  What is it?”
“Marinated salmon steaks and baby peas.”
“Umm...” she said, “I can taste it already.”
He led her into the kitchen, where the table was completely set up with a linen tablecloth, napkins, matching china, and two stick candles.
“Well, you really went all out, didn’t you?”
“It isn’t very often that I have company,” Charles said. “I have to make the most of it.”
Caitlin sat down, and Charles served her the salmon and peas.
“It’s been years since I had a fancy dinner,” Caitlin replied.  She picked up her knife and fork and took a bite of salmon. “With Franz so sick and all, we really haven’t had the opportunity to eat out together.”  Her serene face turned sad.
Charles tried to cheer her up.  “It’s been just as long for me.  I’ve noticed that when one lives alone, the quality of the cuisine deteriorates very quickly.  Usually my supper is cold soup straight from a can.”
That did the trick.  Caitlin giggled.  “That is what my son would be eating if he didn’t live near his mum.  He has his own flat in town, but he still comes home for dinner almost every night...and he always brings his laundry.”
“He hasn’t quite cut off the apron strings yet, huh?”
Charles served himself and sat down.
“No, and I don’t think he ever will, unless he gets himself a wife that’s exactly like me.  I don’t think that will happen though.”
“Oh, I’m certain there are still plenty of women out there just like you.”
“I don’t know.  Hopefully, there’s at least one.  So, have you met any suitable young women?”
Charles ate some peas before answering.
“Yes, but...they don’t seem to find me suitable.”
“You must be joking!  A perfectly handsome man like you...and a doctor too.  What isn’t there to like?”
Charles shrugged.  “I don’t know.  They just don’t seem to like me.  Maybe there’s something wrong with my personality...or the way I dress.”
“I don’t know you very well, Dr. Smith, but you seem like a friendly enough fellow to me.  You’re also dressed perfectly fine.  I think those lasses are the ones who have a problem.”
Charles took a large gulp of wine before he spoke.
“Well, I don’t think I’ll be looking for love anytime soon,” Charles said. “The last relationship I had didn’t end very well.”
“Oh, come on, you have to start looking around again.  Shutting yourself off from the world like some hermit isn’t going to help matters any.”
“I know, but she was so beautiful, in the way movie stars are.  I had every intention of marrying her.  I gave her everything, including my...well-”
Caitlin took a small sip of the wine.  “She was your first time, you mean?” Caitlin said unabashedly.
Charles could feel himself turning red with shame.  “Yes, at twenty-seven.  Isn’t that pathetic?”
“No,” Caitlin replied, “I think that’s wonderful.  It means that you take that sort of matter seriously.  It’s out of love, not just for pleasure.  It’s very rare for men to think like that.  I swear most of the lot have their brains inside their pants, considering the way they act half of the time.  Especially one of them...he really took advantage of me.  Thank the lord for Franz.  He took me out of that situation.  Still, the damage had been done.”
“I’m terribly sorry.”
“It’s all right.  I don’t think very much about it now.  It happened ages ago...in 1910 actually.  I suppose that’s dates me, doesn’t it?”
“Well, it depends how old you were then.”
“Thirteen, which means I’m forty now.”
“You certainly don’t look forty.  You appear to be about twenty-five.”
“Thank you very much.  Actually, there is one good thing that came out of that incident.”
Charlie’s stomach squeezed tight when she said that.  He was on the verge of another asthma attack, but he suppressed it.
“Really?” he sputtered out. 
“Yes, it was a very beautiful baby.  At the time, though, I was too young to take care of him.  I gave him to some very good friends of mine to raise.  He sent me a letter when he was nine years old.  I should have answered it, but I didn’t.  He reminded me too much of the past.  I’ve been thinking about writing him back lately.  Do you think I should, or would he be too angry at me to answer?”
He wanted to tell her the truth, but he was unable.  He was too fearful.
“I don’t think he would ever be angry at you,” he said, berating himself because his voice sounded high-pitched, on the verge of the crying. “Actually, well-”
“What is it?”
“It reminds me of my situation.  You see, I’ve never known my real parents.  All I know about my mother is her name, and my father, I don’t know who he is at all. And..um...the rest is really too painful to think about.”
“You poor thing,” Caitlin said. “We don’t have to talk about it anymore if you don’t want.”
“That would be good,” Charles replied, feeling like a sap. “I just want to ask you one question.  I know where my mother is, but I’ve haven’t talked to her yet.  Do you think I should, um, tell her?”
“Of course,” Caitlin replied. “I think she would want to know that you’re doing so well for yourself.  You know, if Francis--that’s what I named my baby--were to show up on my doorstep tomorrow, I would gladly welcome him in.  It would probably be a bit of a shock to Franz and the children, though.”
“They don’t know about him?”
“The children--not at all.  Franz, well, I was in the family way when we first met, but we were separated when I had Francis.  I told him the baby was dead, which is what I told the baby’s father and his wife.  They were going to raise him, but there was no way I was going to let that happen.  You probably don’t know their names, but in their day, they were prominent people.”
“I think you made the right decision.” Charles said.
“I did too.  Though he would have had quite an inheritance, I don’t think he would have been very happy.”
“It must have been hard for you.  I can’t see how you could not hate the child, especially if he looked like his father.”
“I don’t think I’ve ever hated him.  I just didn’t want to get too attached to him.  But when I got to hold him after he was born, I found it impossible not to love him.  I actually was able to see him a year later, and I was relieved that he didn’t look very much like Henry…that was the name of his father.  He mostly resembled Henry’s daughter, Angèle.  Granted, she was a rotten person if there ever was one, but she did have one good trait.”
“What was that?”
“She was a beautiful rotten person.”
Charles couldn’t help but laugh.
“Hopefully, Francis doesn’t have her personality,” Caitlin continued.
“I don’t think he does,” Charles replied. “Not with a mother like you.”
“Well, thank you, Dr. Smith.  You’re just bursting with complements, aren’t you?”
“I try to be polite.”
“You do a very good job of it, if I have to say so myself.  Did you know that Franz likes you very much?”
“Really?”
“Oh yes, this is what he said today:  I would love to have a son like Dr. Smith.  Thank god Christian wasn’t around.  He would have completely blown his top.”
“They don’t get along?”
“No, not really.  They’re very different people, I suppose.  Franz, he is very smart, as you probably know.  He’s all into books, and languages...and going to fancy schools.  It’s not that Christian isn’t smart, but he isn’t the school-going type.  He likes building things and being with people.  He graduated high school last year, and now he works as a carpenter’s apprentice.  He is very good at what he does, and he makes a decent wage.  He built me a lovely curio cabinet for Christmas.  Franz is completely disappointed in him, though.  They barely talk to each other anymore.”
“That is really too bad, especially with Franz as sick as he is.”
Caitlin sighed.  “That’s a problem too.  Christian, he’s such a healthy young lad and he doesn’t have a care in the world either.  I almost think Franz is jealous of him.  My husband has never been very happy and even when he was younger he was sick quite often because of his drinking.  I can see resentment burning in his eyes sometimes.  I love them both, so it’s extremely hard to deal with them not getting along.”
“I wish I could help you, Caitlin, but psychology has never been my strong suit.”
“Neither is it mine.  Never really understood it all that well, either.”
“How is his relationship with Dierdre?”
“Oh, it’s perfect.  She’s the apple of his eye.  She really has the best of both worlds.  She’s very friendly and charming, but she is also just as smart as her father.  The school had her take some sort of test, and they said she was gifted.  They wanted to move her ahead another year, but she didn’t want to leave her friends.  I told the principal to keep her in the third grade, which was totally against Franz’s wishes.  Oh, did he blow up at me!  It’s been over six months now, and I don’t think he’s forgiven me yet.  He said I ruined her chances at going to a Seven Sisters school.  I don’t understand it at all.  She wants to be a writer like her father, well...you don’t bloody have to go to Vassar or those other places.  All you have to do is know how to write!”
“Though going to Vassar does help in that instance,” Charles added. “But what’s most important is that Dierdre is happy, with or without the Seven Sisters.”
“That’s what I think, too,” Caitlin replied. “I wish I could get Franz to see my side of things.  He’s turning into the person he said he would never be--his father.”
“I’m very worried about Franz,” Charles said. “He’s improving physically, but in some ways, he’s very close to dead.  To tell you the truth, the only reason he’s still alive today is because he has to finish that book.  I wouldn’t be surprised if he collapses and dies the minute that book is done.”
Caitlin clasped her hands together in a prayer-like gesture and sighed.
“I wish I could help him,” she said. “I worry about him every single moment.  I just can’t reach him anymore.  I try, but he pushes me away.  You know, I really doubt he even loves me.  That’s how bad it’s gotten.”
“I think he still loves you, but he has a tremendous amount of guilt about the past.  It’s literally killing him.  Perhaps it was his medication talking, but he told me yesterday about a woman named Katja.  He said that he was afraid that people knew about her.  Do you have any information on that?”
Caitlin seemed puzzled.
“I don’t know who Katja is.  It’s a German name, so it was probably someone Franz knew.  Maybe it was...oh no…” 
Tears appeared in her eyes.  “A while back, I thought Franz was having an affair.  He was gone all the time and acting strangely.  Now, that I look back on it, maybe he wasn’t.  I almost think he was being blackmailed, because that is when his health started to go downhill.  If he was cheating on me, I think he would have taken care of himself more.  I remember he came back after we had a terrible fight and he apologized to me.  He seemed so relieved and he was home all the time after that.  We never talked about it, but perhaps...this Katja woman was threatening him and he had to shut her up.   Oh, Lord-”
“Why did he have to shut her up?” Charles said.  He could feel perspiration on his forehead.
“Franz...well...uh…he killed Angèle, Henry’s daughter...maybe he did the same thing to the Katja lady too.”
A loud thunk came from the broom closet.  Jared was probably waving his fists in elation.
“What was that?” Caitlin said, turning her head in the direction of the closet.
“Oh...nothing,” Charles replied, trying not to sound nervous. “It’s just the house settling.”
“All right,” Caitlin said.  She appeared very disoriented. “I probably shouldn’t have said that, but now you know why Franz feels so guilty.”
Charles nodded.
“I’ve never told anyone else about all this.  I suppose it’s because you seem like a person I can trust.  Please don’t let anyone else know.  Franz is too sick to go to jail.”
“I won’t,” he said, never feeling so horrible in his life.
“I probably should get going now,” she said, looking disturbed.  She put her knife and fork on her plate and stood up. “I don’t want to stay away too long from Franz.  Thank you for dinner, Dr. Smith.”
“You’re welcome,” he said.  He led her to the door, and helped her put on her coat.
“Is it all right if I give you a peck on the cheek?” she asked, smiling slightly.
“Yes,” Charles replied.
He bent over, and for the first time in his life, received a kiss from his mother.
“Now that I think of it, Franz was right.  I wish you were my son too.”
For the second time that day, Charles almost dissolved in tears.
“Wouldn’t Christian be envious?” he said, trying to hide his feelings.
“No, I don’t think he would.  You seem like a wonderful young man.”
Not anymore, Charles thought.  One tear escaped his left eye.
“Good-bye,” he said. “Take care of yourself, Caitlin.”
As soon as he closed the door, he heard Jared emerge from the broom closet.
“Yes! Yes!” he cried. “We got him!”
Charles frowned as Jared entered the living room with the glass of wine he poured for himself.  He swallowed the drink in one gulp, and patted Charles on the back.
“You’re our hero, Charlie,” Jared said.
“I’m glad you think so,” Charles replied, “because I certainly don’t feel like one.”


Chapter 75--March 20


It was the worst night of Charles’ life.  He tried to fall asleep, but his chest kept tightening and he would wheeze.  After he used his inhaler for the fourth time, he went into the bathroom.
He knew the truth, and it was ugly.  He wished he could take everything back, so he wouldn’t have to know.  This night he realized why women hated him.
He turned on the light and stared into the mirror.  He wasn’t the sort of person who looked at himself often, but now he wanted to see.
“How am I supposed to be good?” he said out loud to his mirror self. “I’m descended from a murderer...a cannibal.  It’s no wonder I enjoy performing autopsies.  Look where I came from!  I’m a freak...I’m evil...”
He shook uncontrollably.  He could feel he was going completely mad.
“Look what I did to my own mother,” he said. “No one would do that, no one.”
He dropped to his knees, and put his hands together to pray. 
After he finished, he realized he had time to take back the damage.  It would ruin his life and possibly get him killed, but he had to do it.  He stood up and looked at the mirror again.
“I’m going to tell them,” he said. “I won’t let anyone hurt them, I won’t.”


Chapter 76


Charles ran into the bedroom and grabbed his inhaler.  Then he opened the window.  The brisk spring air swept into his room.  Though he was barefoot and dressed in thin pajamas, he put his head out the window, placed his left foot on the windowsill, then his right.  Without looking down, he jumped out the window.
He fell face down on the hard earth.  The force of the blow knocked the wind out of him.  It took him a minute to get his bearings.  Groaning, he lifted himself up by his left arm, and scanned the yard for his inhaler.  He had let go of it and it had rolled into the large bushes near the house.  Wincing in pain, he stood up and made his way toward it.  He had it his hand when someone grabbed his arm.
He peered into the bushes, and with horror, he saw Jared’s eyes.
A second later, he was knocked over.  He could feel something warm oozing from his nose.  He knew it was blood.
“I’m terribly sorry about that, Charlie,” Jared reprimanded in a surprisingly mild tone, “but it had to be done.”
Jared grabbed him by the right arm, and pulled him upright.  Charles groaned in pain.
He took the inhaler from Charles’ hand and slipped it into his front coat pocket. “I don’t think will be needing this anymore.”


Chapter 77


  When she returned home, Caitlin felt that something was wrong, that perhaps someone had broken into her house.  She looked in every room, but nothing had been stolen.  Everything was in place.  The only thing different was Christian was home.  He had picked Dierdre up from her friends’ house, and put her to bed.
“Do you think something is wrong with the house?” she asked him.
He looked around, and glanced at her as if she was going crazy.
“No, Ma,” he said matter-of-factly. “The only thing wrong is that we need a new couch.  The springs are poking out of this one.”
“Oh, maybe I’m just being silly,” she said, but she knew she wasn’t.  Someone definitely had been inside the house. 
“Yes, you certainly are,” Christian replied, imitating her English accent.  He smiled mischievously, showing off his perfect teeth.
“Don’t get smart with me, young man,” she replied, patting him playfully on the shoulder.  She kissed him on the forehead.
“Aw, Ma, I ain’t a little kid anymore.”
“I know, but I can’t help myself.   By the way, it’s isn’t, not ain’t.  Your father would have a heart attack if he heard you talking like that.”
“My father is upstairs, doped up on morphine.  He’ll never know.”
“He’s still out?”
“Oh, yeah,” Christian replied. “Very out.”
Caitlin sighed.
“I know you’re going to put up a fuss, but could you stay the night?  Something’s wrong here.  I think if you’re around it’ll go away.”
“Geez, Ma, are you sure you’re still playing with a full deck of cards?”
“Yes, and I can still shuffle them, too.”
“All right, I’ll stay until all the bad vibes go away.  Are you happy now?”
“Yes, very.  I really appreciate this, Christian.  I’m going to check on your father then I’m going to go to bed.  I expect you to do the same.”
Christian frowned and rolled his eyes.
“I mean it, Christian.”
“Yes, Mother,” he replied. “After you look over the old man, throw me down a pillow and blanket, will ya?  Don’t know what those bad vibes will do.”
“Very funny,” Caitlin said then walked up the stairs.
She looked in on Franz.  His face had an eerie yellow glow in the moonlight.  He was lying so still, Caitlin wondered if he was dead.  She walked over and laid her head on his chest.  At first there was nothing, but then she heard the familiar soft rhythm of his heart beating.  His chest was rising and falling so slightly it was barely noticeable.  Still, it was rising and falling.
“Oh, good,” she said then she turned to face him.  Though his body was rail thin, his face was unnaturally bloated.  It was from all the drugs he was taking.  The gallons of liquor he drank in his lifetime didn’t help either.  She wished she could have changed that, but it was too late.
She kissed him on the lips.  They felt cold and clammy, nothing like they used to feel.  Frowning, she stood up and left the room.
She checked on her daughter next.  She was sound asleep, with her blond locks poking out of the pink and white quilt Caitlin made for her.  She walked over and kissed her on the top of the head.  She was about to go to bed herself when she remembered she had to get a pillow and blankets for Christian.  She took them out of the hallway linen closet and brought them downstairs.
“I thought you forgot about me,” Christian said, as she handed the pillow and blanket to him.
“I could never do that,” she replied. “It just took me a little longer because I thought your father was dead.”
“What else is new?”
“Luckily, he’s still breathing, though barely.”
“He hates me, Ma.”
“That’s not true,” Caitlin said, putting the blanket up to his chin like she used to do when he a little boy. “He loves his children, at least he tries.”
“Well, he’s not trying hard enough,” Christian replied bitterly. “Lately, every time I go in that room, he looks at me like I’m a piece of dirt.”
“He’s been through a lot.  Please try to forgive him.”
“Yeah, well...it’s tough.”
“I know.”
“I don’t want to talk about it anymore,” Christian said, a slightly pained expression on his face. “‘Night, Ma.”
“Goodnight, dear,” she said, and kissed him on the cheek. “Don’t let the bad vibes bite.”
Christian wrinkled his nose and smiled.
When Caitlin woke up, her clock read five minutes after five.  The bad feeling had returned, and it was worse.  She had an imminent sense of doom.  Though she was constantly in fear for Franz’s life, this time her anxiety had heightened threefold.  She was certain he was dead.
She leapt up and ran into his bedroom.   Instead of seeing what she had feared, Franz was sitting up in bed, holding his daughter while she slept.
He looked up at her.  His normally dull gaze had been transformed.  He looked like he was completely at peace.
“Dierdre had a nightmare,” he explained in a hushed voice. “She came in here, and I rocked her to sleep.”
“Oh,” Caitlin said, feeling both foolish and relieved, “you know I’ve had sort of a nightmare myself.  Since I’ve come home, I’ve sensed there’s something wrong in the house.”
“Such as?”
“I don’t know.  I feel like strange people have been in here.”
“Men?”
“Yes.”
He smiled knowingly.  “That was what her nightmare was about too.”
“I suppose it’s a mother-daughter thing.  So, how are you feeling?”
“Much better,” Franz replied, “though I imagine I don’t look like I do.”
“You look fantastic,” Caitlin said.  She sat down on the edge of the bed. “Especially since I was afraid you were dead.”
“Well, you don’t have to worry about that.  I finished my book.”
“You did?  When?”
“An hour ago.”
“Oh, Franz.  That’s wonderful.  Can I read it now?”
“Of course.  Though you have to start on chapter four.  I gave Dr. Smith the first three chapters.”
“You trust him a lot, don’t you?”
“Yes,” Franz replied, “this sounds silly, because I barely know him, but…I trust him with my life.”
“I’m sorry,” Caitlin blurted out suddenly.
“For what?”
“For Dr. MacNeal.  That was a horrible thing for me to do.  I’m so glad it only lasted for one night.”
“It’s okay,” Franz replied. “Compared to me, you’re a saint.  I’m sorry, too.  For everything.”
“You don’t have to be sorry.  It was more than worth it.”
Caitlin heard the front door slam open.
“What the hell!” Christian shouted.
“Oh no!” Caitlin cried, waking her daughter up.  Franz’s face was frozen in a look of disbelief, as was Dierdre’s.
Caitlin ran downstairs.  There were three police officers, all of who were familiar to her, and three strange men in dark suits.  All were pointing their guns at Christian.
“What’s going on, Ma?” he said meekly, his eyes glazed in terror.
Caitlin felt rage boil inside her.
“My son has done nothing wrong!” she shouted. “Put your goddamned guns down, and get the bloody hell out of my house!”
A large man in a gray Chesterfield coat and black homburg lowered his gun and approached her.  He had a look of concern on his benign face.
“I’m terribly sorry to do this to you, Madam,” he said, putting his bear paw sized hands up. “We don’t intend on hurting your son.  Just cooperate with us and I promise that no harm will come to you.”
“Get out of my house!”
“Please, Mrs. Warholm, don’t make me restrain you.”
“That’s not our last name!” Christian said. “What’s going on?”
“Shut your trap, kid,” One of the men in black said.
Caitlin remembered Mr. Meyer, and what he did to her.  Nobody was going to control her, not ever again.  In a blink of an eye, she grabbed a porcelain vase behind her and threw it at the large man.
It hit him in the face but did not knock him down.  In one quick move, he grabbed her wrists with one hand and twisted them upwards, forcing her to fall on the floor.  Even though intense pain shot up her spine and arms, she was still struggling to get free of him.
He put his knee on her abdomen and drew his gun on her with his free hand.  She looked him defiantly in the eyes.  His lip was bleeding heavily, and though his eyes were intense, his expression looked overwhelmed.
“Please don’t make me kill you,” he said somberly, pointing the gun directly between her eyes.
“Get your hands off of me,” she hissed. 
“Ma...” Christian whimpered.
“It’s all right,” she said in the strong, confident tone of voice she used with him as a child.  The man withdrew the gun and returned it to his coat pocket.  She could feel her will to fight fade away.  They were going to get what they wanted, and the more she resisted, the more likely Christian and Dierdre would have no parents instead of just one.
He helped Caitlin up.  She was so dizzy she had to lean on him for support.
“Whatever you do, please don’t hurt Franz.  He’s awfully sick.”
“We won’t,” Jared replied.  He looked over at the other police officers. “Fellows, it’s time to go upstairs and get our man.”
“Why are you doing this?” Christian said, looking in Jared’s direction.  His usually cheerful face was contorted and reddened. “What kind of beef could you possibly have with my father, huh?  He didn’t do nothing.  He wouldn’t hurt a fly for chrissakes.”
“A long time ago, he did something very wrong,” Caitlin explained in a shaky voice. “I’ll tell you about it later.”
“I’m only doing my job,” Jared exclaimed soberly.
“The hell you are!” Christian shouted.  Two police officers grabbed him by the shoulders and pulled him back onto the sofa.
“It’s no use, Christian,” Caitlin said.  She felt weak and helpless.  Her heart dropped as she heard her daughter crying.
“Don’t you hurt Dee!” Christian said.
“We’re not going to do that,” Jared replied.
It was silent as Franz was escorted down the stairs and into the living room.  His face was devoid of emotion.  
“Dad...” Christian cried, “I’m sorry.”
“You didn’t do anything wrong,” Franz replied, looking at his son for the last time.
He was almost out the door when he resisted.  The police officers tried to force him out, but strangely enough they were unable to push him.
“Wait,” Franz said. “I need to say something to my wife.”
They stopped.
He paused for what seemed like an eternity to Caitlin.  Finally, he spoke.
“We’re going to be together again, I promise.”
Caitlin nodded sadly, and watched her husband as he disappeared.
Dierdre, who had been quivering at the foot of the stairs, suddenly screamed.
“Don’t take my Daddy away!”
She bolted toward him, but Christian grabbed her in time.
“Dee! We gotta let him go, okay?”
“Nooooo!”
“Yes!”
She pounded her fists into her brother’s chest.
“I suppose it’s time to go home,” Jared said to the two men in black.  Caitlin thought he looked like he was on the verge of crying himself.
The men turned around, and left as quickly as they came.


Chapter 78--December 17, London


Franz lay on a narrow cot inside a prison infirmary.  He was usually unaware of anything going on around him.  Sometimes he heard a faint echo of voices, most of the time he heard nothing.  He was in what his son called ‘painkiller paradise’.  Nothing could touch him.
Suddenly, a familiar voice pierced the darkness.  “Franz, can you hear me?”
He tried to open his eyes, but he couldn’t.  He tried to open his mouth in order to make sounds.  He succeeded.
“Y-Yes.”
“Good.  Do you remember me?  I’m Carl Holden.”
Franz’s eyes flew open and an unbearably bright light filtered in.  Franz saw an unrecognizable man.  He was bent over, his gnarled, liver-spotted hands clutching a black, silver tipped cane.  He had no hair, no teeth, and he shook uncontrollably.  Franz wouldn’t have known who he was, except for those eyes.  They were definitely Carl Holden’s eyes.
He tried to make another sound again.  “Y-Yes.”
The elderly man’s eyes watered.
“I failed you,” he said miserably.
Some unknown source of strength gave Franz the power to speak again.
“You didn’t fail me,” he whispered. “I failed myself.”
There was haze after that, darkness, then more voices.  One of them was his Tante.
“Those heartless bastards,” she said in German. “Don’t they understand?  You had no choice.”
“It’s...all right,” Franz managed to say.
“Nein...” 
“It is.”
Then he heard a very tired male voice speak to him.
“I...have something to say to you.”
He opened his eyes, and gazed at a thin, shrunken figure in a wheelchair.  It was his once all-powerful father.
He cleared his throat and said something Franz had never heard from him.  He said it out loud and in English, so everyone could understand.
“I love you.”
Franz closed his eyes.
I must be in heaven, he thought.
A moment later, Franz was dead. 


Epilogue--August 10, 1978  Auburn, CA


Dierdre’s fifteen-year commitment to abstain from drinking was forgotten the night before her mother’s funeral.  The silence between her and Jack was unbearable.  She could see it was affecting Emily too.  The poor girl had been crying constantly since her grandmother died.  Dierdre tried to comfort her, but she failed.  Jack, whose career dictated he put on a tough demeanor, was useless at his attempts too.  Things worsened when they said good night to Emily a few hours before.
“Are you going to be sleeping on the couch tonight?” Emily asked Dierdre in a hostile tone of voice.
“How did you know that?” Dierdre asked, feeling a little shocked.
“I went downstairs last night for a glass of water, “ Emily said.  “My friend Gaby said that’s what her mother did just before she divorced Gaby’s father.  You’re not going to do the same thing, are you Mom?”
Jack looked at her with the same expression Dierdre imagined he gave to suspects he was questioning.  He wanted an answer too.
Instead, Dierdre turned around and walked out the door.
The exterior and the interior of Grandma’s Main Street Bar looked exactly the same as it did in 1963.  Her life was going to hell that year too.  She experienced her third miscarriage, and was fired from her job at Random House in a course of a week.  Just like this time, she also found out Jack was having an affair.  That was before they adopted Emily though, and she didn’t have to struggle with the decision of leaving him like she did now.
“Can I buy you a drink, Hon?” A gruff voice said.
“No,” she replied.
“Oh come on...” he persisted, “I’m only trying to be nice.  Besides, you look like you’ve been around the block a few times.  This might be your last chance.”
Normally, Dierdre would have smacked him, but at that moment she was too drunk to care.
“I prefer to be by myself,” she replied calmly.
“What are you, a lezzie or something?” the guy said in an irritated voice.
“Yes,” Dierdre lied in order to get him off her back.  “Now buzz off.”
The guy hissed like an angry rattlesnake, then walked away.  Out of the corner of her eye, Dierdre saw him go into the men’s room.
“Want another drink?” the bartender asked.
“Sure,” Dierdre replied, sliding her glass over.  One thing she liked about Grandma’s was they didn’t care.  She had about four Wild Turkeys in 1963 before she left, and now she speculated she was on her fifth shot of Jack Daniel’s.
The bartender poured her drink, with a wide smile on his face.  He probably thought he was going to get a big tip.  Well, he was going to get what all men deserved, and that was shit.  The thought made Dierdre smile.
“Let me know if you want anything else,” he said, looking happier than ever.
“I...uh...will,” Dierdre replied, noticing her speech was slurred.  She realized she was truly drunk when she lifted the glass to her mouth.  She missed it entirely, spilling some liquid on her shoulder.  It took a few tries, but she finally got the stupid glass in the right place.
She could feel another person sit beside her.  She thought he was going to hit on her like the last person, but he didn’t.
“Can I get you something sir?” The bartender asked him.
“No thank you,” Jack’s voice replied.
“I wanna another J.D.,” Dierdre said, exaggerating her slurred voice on purpose.
“No, don’t give her one,” Jack replied.  “She’s had enough.”
“Is this your husband or something?” The bartender asked, looking confused.
“Nah, he ain’t no one,” Dierdre said, slurring her voice more.  “He’s just some...ah...asshole that I sort of don’t want to know...you know?”
The bartender nodded.  Jack grabbed her by the wrist
“Jesus!” she cried, feeling pain shoot up her arm, “Let go of me!”
“What the hell are you doing here?” he asked, leaning over so she had no choice but to look at him.
“What the hell do you think I’m doing here?  I’m having my little therapy session with Mr. Jack Daniels.”
“I’m extremely pissed off with you right now, Dee.  I can’t believe what you did to me...walking off like that...in front of our daughter too.  Now she thinks she’s going to end up like the rest of her friends.  Is that what you want?”
“The question is, Jack, what do you want?  Do you want me and Emily or do you want Nina Lopez?”
Jack’s eyes rolled up in exasperation.  “You know what my answer is going to be.  I could care less about Nina, and I’m sure that a young rookie cop like her could care less about me.”
“Then why did you stop by her house last week, and spend three hours there?  It was bad enough that you did that, but it also happened to be our anniversary.  And it wasn’t just any anniversary either-”
“I know, it was the big one.  Two-oh.  What can I say, Dee? That was a rough day.  It didn’t help that I was so backed up with paperwork that I didn’t leave the station until about two hours after my shift ended.  Then, I stopped by Nina’s because she left her leather jacket at the station.  I wouldn’t have done that if her house wasn’t on the way home.  She had her TV on to a football game.  I decided to watch some of it, and I got so into it that I didn’t realize how long I had been there until the thing was over.  I’m telling you, that’s what really happened.  I didn’t sleep with her, I swear.”
“That’s what you said the last time.  I believed you, and then I got that letter.  Why should I believe you now?”
“Well, this time I’m not as stupid.  I’ll even put my hand on the Bible if you want.”
Dierdre paused.  She didn’t know what to think.
Jack loosened the grip on her hand.  “I remember when I flew here to get you that last time.  I knocked on the door, and your mother answered it.  I’ll never forget that look on her face when I asked her if you were there.  It was like she was being tortured.  Now that she’s gone, she should have her chance to rest in peace.  Do you want her to go through that again?”
Dierdre’s hands shook.
“Get me out of here,” she whispered.  “I’m going to cry.”
They walked to the park where Sherwin’s drugstore used to be.  There, Dierdre cried almost as much as when her father was taken away.  Jack had one arm around her shoulder the whole time.  He tried to hug her, but she refused him.  She wanted him close, but not too close.
“Well...” Jack said quietly after her sobbing subsided, “do you want to get divorced?  If you don’t want me, I have no problem leaving.  It’s not what I want for Emily, but I think it’ll be a hell of a lot better for her than living like this.”
Dierdre gulped.  “No, not right now.”
“A trial separation, then?”
“No.”
“You want us to stay together.”
“Yes, for now.”
“So you believe me?”
“Yes...I guess so.”
Jack smiled slightly.  “Well, I guess that’s good news, then.  Emily will be glad to hear that.”  He stood up and held out his hand.  “How about I do this...to make up for all the pain and suffering I caused you, I’ll call the Rainbow Room and make a reservation as soon as we get home.  You like that?”
“That sounds good,” Dierdre said tentatively, taking his hand.
“Okay then.  We’ve got a deal.  Let’s go back before people start worrying about us.”
That was the first night in a long time Dierdre was actually glad to sleep in the same bed as her husband.  It was the first in a week that she didn’t have any nightmares.  Then she was abruptly awakened.
“Hey Dee,” she heard her brother’s voice say, “someone from New York is on the line.”
“Huh?” she said, her eyes shut.
“I think it’s a girl from the agency.  She’s says it’s very important.”
She opened her eyes slightly.  She saw her brother, fully dressed in a suit and tie. Cursing him silently for being such an early bird, she reached over to the telephone on the nightstand, and picked up the receiver. Putting it to her ear, she closed her eyes again.
“Hello?” she said groggily.
“Dierdre?” A high-pitched energetic voice said.  It was none other than Keely Hemingway, her newest employee.  Usually, she liked her except at this hour in the morning.  Dierdre hoped she wouldn’t make another joke at being Uncle Ernie’s favorite niece, because she’d have to reach through the phone line and strangle her if she did this time.
“Yeah, what?” Dierdre said.
“I’m really sorry to disturb you, but Armatura Press just called.”
“Oh, they rejected the story?”
“No, actually they didn’t say that.  I asked Lewie straight out, and he said that it had nothing to do with that.  He just told me to get in touch with you, so you could call him right away.”
Dierdre sighed.  Lewie, or Lewis Chizinsky as he was better known, was one of the editors at Armatura Press, and probably the most receding person on the face of the earth.  Dierdre had no idea how he managed to get so high up in the dog-eat-dog world of the publishing industry.
“I can’t believe this.  I gave the guy this number just before I went out here.  Why can’t he call me himself?”
“I asked him that and he told me that he suffers from a social phobia.  I guess one of the symptoms is that he’s afraid to call people on the phone.  He also says he doesn’t want you to bite his head off.”
“I’m not going bite his head off,” Dierdre replied.  “Everybody knows I’m much too nice for that.”
Keely laughed.
“Thanks for calling me,” Dierdre said. “I’ve been itching for weeks wanting to find out what they want to do with the book.”
“Well, good luck, Dierdre.  I hope Lewie liked it.”
“Yes, I hope so too. Bye.”
“Is that about Dad’s book?” Christian asked.
“Yes, the editor called Keely.  He wants to call me back.”
“I thought you gave him the number here.”
“I did, but he has a social phobia.”
“Well, he better get over it fast.”
“My thoughts exactly,” Dierdre said, dialing Armatura’s phone number.  She called them so much lately she knew the number by heart.
“Armatura Press.” The operator answered. “How may I help you?”
“I’d like extension 458, please.”
“Hold on,” The operator replied.
Dierdre heard a click, and then a ring.
“Hello,” a barely audible male voice said.
“Hello, Lewis?  This is Dierdre Vale, of The Vale Agency.  I just got a call from one of my employees saying you wanted to discuss something important with me.”
“Oh yes,” he said, his voice slightly louder, “I’ve been waiting for you to get back to me.  I should have called you directly, but I have this problem...”
“Don’t worry about it,” Dierdre said.  “So this matter...it’s about the book, right?”
“Yes, it is.”
There was a pause.  She expected him to say more but he didn’t.
“You’re rejecting it?”
“Well...I liked the manuscript very much, but...”
“But what?”
“I didn’t think Rae would like it.  I submitted it for her approval anyway, though, and...uh...well...”
“She rejected it?”
“Oh no, she said she loved it.  So much so that she’s wants it to be the main selection on our fall list.  As soon as you return to New York, she’d like to meet with you so we can work out a contract.  Do you know when you’re coming back?”
“No, not really.  Let me think here...why don’t I call you tomorrow?  We’ll probably have our flight booked by then, and then I can tell for certain.”
“That’s sounds fine.  Well...uh...I guess I should get going now.  Congratulations, Dierdre.”
“Thank you, Lewis,” Dierdre replied. “I’ll talk to you tomorrow.”
“What did he think of Dad’s book?” Christian asked.
“He loved it,” Dierdre said, smiling for the first time since she didn’t know how long.  “They’re going to publish it.”
Christian gave his sister a big hug.
“That’s fantastic,” he said.  “Now you have something to look forward to when you get home.”
“I wish they would have made up their minds a few days earlier, then I could’ve told Ma.”
“I’m sure she knows,” Christian replied.  “Dad probably gave her the good news.”

The day Caitlin Hadley was buried was the most beautiful day Dierdre had ever seen.  The minister droned as Dierdre watched her mother’s casket being lowered into the ground.
“Aw...Ma...” she heard her brother say.   She was sure he was crying, but she was hardly aware of what was going on around her.  That last night at the bar was starting to get to her.  For some odd reason, ever since Lewis told her that her father’s book was going to be published, all she could think about was her lost brother, Francis Charles.
Where did he go?
Dierdre remembered what she considered the worst day in recorded history--the day they took away her father.  She was sure if she could find Dr. Smith, everything would be okay, but her mother wouldn’t let her go out.
Finally, she slipped out the back door while her mother wasn’t looking.  In just her nightgown and bare feet, she trampled down to the road to Dr. Smith’s house.
She saw the front door was wide open, so she went in.
She looked in all the rooms, but couldn’t find him.  Then she went upstairs.
In his bedroom, she found nothing but the first three chapters of her father’s manuscript.  There were small drops of blood on them, and on the title page there was a name scrawled above the title.
Francis.
It didn’t take very long for Dierdre to figure out what happened.  She found the letter he wrote as a child while she was snooping through her mother’s belongings only a week before.  Dr. Smith was her brother.
A year later, she told Christian about it, and since he was convinced their mother would have a nervous breakdown if she overheard them talking, they never discussed it again.  As Dierdre grew up, she had to admit, with much guilt, she hardly thought of Charles.  It was only in the last six months he occasionally came to her mind.  Was he still living?  Should she look for him?  Was he looking for them?  Jack encouraged her to find him, but with her busy life, she never got around to doing it.
Dammit, she thought, I should have.
“I’m going to take Emily back to the house,” Jack whispered in Dierdre’s ear, after the funeral was over.
“Okay,” she replied.
After Jack and Emily walked to their rental car and drove off, Dierdre could hear someone approaching.  She looked back and saw a very tall man with graying hair.  He wore a finely tailored three suit with a matching hat.  He smiled at her.  She turned away, and then berated herself for being so rude.
Christian looked out of the corner of his eye at the man.
“Who is that?” he whispered to her.
She shrugged.  “I have no idea.”
Then they heard the man speak.  “Beautiful day, isn’t it?  I think our mother would have loved it.”
Dierdre was shocked, and she could see Christian was too.  They turned around.
“Ohmigod, it’s you!” Dierdre shouted.
They stood there, staring at him.  Finally, Dierdre snapped awake, and walked up to him.  Christian followed suit.  Dierdre gave him a hug, then Christian, looking uncomfortable with the situation, shook his hand.
“H-How did you know about my...I mean our mother’s funeral?” Dierdre asked.
“Well, I was in hospital the day before she died,” Charlie replied.
“You’re kidding!” Christian said. “So were we!  Why didn’t you call me?  I live right here in Auburn.”
Charlie shrugged, which made him look like the young man he was when Dierdre had last seen him.
“Well...I didn’t want to bother you and…I thought you would still be angry because of what I did.”
“You wouldn’t be bothering us.  We’re family!  And we’re not angry with you, either.  We know that whole situation was beyond your control.” Christian said.
“I know...I’m terribly sorry for what happened.  I wish things could have been different.”
“So, you had been talking to Ma.  How long has that been going on?” Dierdre asked.
“I was the one who wrote the letter saying that your father had died.”
Dierdre sighed.  “So, you weren’t lost after all.”
“No, Mother and I had a wonderful relationship, even though it was long distance.”
“Why didn’t she tell us about it, then?” Dierdre asked.
Charlie shook his head.  “I really don’t know.”
“Well, I guess it’s doesn’t matter anymore, does it?” she said.
“No, I suppose it doesn’t.”
There was an awkward pause for about a minute then Christian spoke.
“So, what’s happened to you in the last, I don’t know, forty years?” he asked.
Charlie smiled.  “Many, many things, I can tell you. To put it succinctly, I was rather depressed for a while after left Auburn, but then I met Lillian.  She was literally the answer to my prayers.  I married her in 1943 and we’ve lived happily ever after since.  We have four children, and seven grandchildren.”
“That’s great!  We’ll have to go back to Chris’s house and catch up.” Dierdre said.
“That would be wonderful,” Charlie replied, “but I’d like to say good-bye to Mother first.”
“Of course,” Dierdre replied. “That’s what we want to do too.”
They walked back to their mother’s grave.  Together.

