Princess of Azarmon
Published by Angelaine Espinosa at Smashwords
Copyright 2013 Angelaine Espinosa
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to Smashwords.com to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and events are the product of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to actual people, places and events is purely coincidental.
Author’s Note
In this novel, a king refers to a man who owns and manages a kingdom or several towns and kingdoms. The king’s wife is called a queen, and their sons and daughters are princes and princesses respectively. A lord or lady on the other hand, is a person who owns or manages a town, or a person connected by marriage to royalty. A town is a small population of people and businesses. A town must possess a certain amount of gold and number of people to become a kingdom. Even though it is the king’s duty to name the heir of his kingdom, only an immediate female relation can crown the heir. A relation by marriage can crown said heir in the absence of an immediate female relation. Kingdoms and towns are inherited through male heirs, and are assigned a protector via marriage in the absence of said heir.
Table of Contents
Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Epilogue
. o 0 P R O L O G U E 0 o .
When the entire world was young, only two beings roamed free on it. Fate and its sibling Nothingness ruled the world, each one taking half of it and doing with it what they wanted. The world was so wide and bare that rarely did Fate and Nothingness have a chance to cross paths with each other. Fate grew lonely, and so used its powers to create a companion. From the earth which it stepped on, it fashioned Man.
Man was such a delight to Fate, such a kind and beautiful creation that eventually it forgot about its sibling. Fate rarely ventured out of its domain, but when it did it usually took Man as an escort. This caused Nothingness to be jealous, thus it too created its companion. The companion Nothingness ventured to create was a weapon of prime beauty and wit that no other creation since had surpassed it. Nothingness meant to destroy Man with this invention it named Woman.
Nothingness made Woman in such a way that, for every entity that Man possessed, for every object that he produced, Woman could create tenfold. This made her very powerful. What Nothingness did not consider was that Man possessed the ability to love.
Upon meeting Woman, Man immediately fell in love. And this love Woman returned tenfold. She loved Man so much that she disowned her creator. She confessed to Fate of the evil task that Nothingness had given her.
Fate, upon hearing the intent of its sibling, banished Nothingness to the ends of the world, where it was to stay forevermore. Fate then gifted Man and Woman with the world, and built a kingdom where they could live happily and in prosperity.
Man, to thank Woman for her honesty and devotion to him, vowed upon his honor to protect her and their kingdom. This vow was passed on to their male descendants, who became kings of their own kingdoms.
Over time, the kingdoms multiplied in number and spread. Some of the kings became greedy and miserly that they refused to care for their people. This caused the destruction of their kingdoms. This became the pattern of the world. Some kingdoms rose, and then fell. Some survived, growing bigger because of conquering other nearby kingdoms. Some shrank in size until they disappeared.
Through all these trials, only one kingdom remained standing for a remarkably long span of time. In order to keep this kingdom afloat, their first king constructed a council made up of seven men with different abilities. It has included Magi, Healers, Warriors, Shifters and even Enchanters. This council was so successful and famed that the kingdom’s name was later changed to the first initials of the council’s original members.
This kingdom was named Azarmon.
.o000o.
King Malcolm wrung his hands together as he awaited the birth of his children. The candelabrum on the wooden table at the corner of the room held the only source of light in that early morning. The clock struck three times, letting him know that it was exactly three in the morning. He had not slept a wink in sixteen hours, but he did not feel as if he could close his eyes, knowing that his beautiful wife was giving birth to more than one child. The fact was as clear as day, once he noticed that her belly was too big for just one child. The midwife had confirmed the fact.
“Daddy?”
Malcolm looked over his shoulder. He was so caught up in worrying over his wife that he had not noticed his daughter open the door into the study.
With hair the color of spun gold and eyes as blue as the depths of the sea, she looked nothing like him. Adele had inherited the beauty of her mother, as well as her grace, judging by the way she sleepily dragged herself into the room. Malcolm opened his arms wide. And when Adele clung to him, he lifted her in his arms and clutched her tightly. She was tall for a six-year-old. Judging by her young features, Malcolm could see that his eldest would become the beauty of the kingdom when she was of age. He could almost imagine the number of gentleman that would line up for her hand. The queue would probably span from the castle gates to the edge of the kingdom.
“What are you doing up so late, love?” he whispered into the child’s yellow curls. “Can’t sleep?”
“Aye, Daddy. Mama’s ladies are noisy. I heard Mama screaming. Is she all right?”
“Mama will be all right. It’s just the babies making her uncomfortable. But as soon as they get out of her belly, the pain will stop.”
“Is it supposed to hurt that way? Did Mama hurt when I came out?”
King Malcolm gave Adele a light kiss on her cheek. Any other man might have been mortified upon hearing a six-year-old talk about childbirth like it was an ordinary topic over teatime. But Malcolm was not any other man. He did not want his children, especially female children, to become ignorant little puppets. His open-minded approach towards topics even as morbid as this had served his kingdom well. Where other kingdoms crumbled over time, his flourished. And soon, he would hand it over to the hands of one of his children.
“Yes, I believe it does almost always hurt. And I seem to recall that Mama hurt too when you came into the world. But not to worry, love. It is the natural way of things.”
Just then, the door opened again. In came the stout midwife that he had appointed for just this occasion. Her brow was sweaty, and her apron was bloody and messy. She cast a wary glance towards the princess. Malcolm knew that she was uncomfortable with announcing anything of adult nature in front of children. But when he gave her a short nod, she understood that he did not want to keep anything from his daughter. She bowed in front of the king and when she stood again, unleashed a relieved smile.
“Your Highness, it is my great pleasure to announce that the queen has given birth to twin girls.”
. o 0 C H A P T E R 1 0 o .
“Are you so sure about this?” Queen Olivia asked as she watched the older of her twin girls mount her horse. Behind her, Adele held a parasol over both their heads in one hand and the folds of her skirt in the other. And just behind Adele stood Malcolm, his ever-assessing eyes trained on the road that stretched from the palace gates and into the village.
“Awe Mother, you worry too much,” Alice said as she adjusted the reins of her mount, Czarina, in her hold. “We’ll only be missing for two weeks at most. The new kingdom is just over the next hill. I’m sure nothing bad will happen.”
“But this kingdom is still so new. I doubt the villagers there will want to trust anyone from Azarmon, even its princesses.”
“Three soldiers have already been beaten last week,” Adele added. “I don’t want my sisters returning here and looking like swollen carcasses.”
“Those soldiers were stupid. Everybody knows you don’t take a dagger out of its sheath unless you’re threatened. They virtually announced open warfare the minute they stepped on Castollan soil and drew their weapons.” Alice countered, tucking an errant red curl behind one ear.
Of the twin sisters, Alice always had the more open mouth. Her frankness matched the flaming halo of her titian curls. Like Adele, she had blue eyes. But where Adele’s eyes were deep blue like sapphires, hers were pale and frosty.
“I don’t want to end up mourning the death of my two beloved sisters.”
“Nonsense! The only reason you don’t want us dead is because you don’t want to wear black on your wedding day.” Alice huffed, referring to Adele’s wedding to Prince Colin de Auria. Adele blushed furiously at her words.
“Enough,” King Malcolm finally interjected. “Sweetheart, if the girls want to go, then they will go.” He directed this statement to his wife, who out of nervousness was petting their other daughter’s horse, a black Arab named Bernina. At his statement, Olivia stilled and looked into his eyes.
Due to the difficulty of giving birth to the twins, Olivia was never able to conceive another child again. Malcolm could understand the fear and apprehension that she harbored. But he loved his daughters too much to prevent them from doing anything that made him happy. And helping him with the new wayward kingdom he had just conquered was his twin daughters’ new pet project. “The girls are going to be twenty soon. They’re old enough to decide for themselves. Besides, Anya rarely goes out of the library and my study these days. A short excursion over the hill won’t hurt anyone.” Plus, he had already arranged for soldiers to watch them from a distance. They would never know they were secretly guarded.
As if summoned by the mere mention of her name, Anya du Azarmon came out of the castle’s side door in her maroon riding habit. A matching maroon bow was tied over one ear. Of his three daughters, it was Anya who, despite her plainness, made a lasting impression. Adele had a graceful walk while Alice walked in a sensual manner. But Anya walked with a quiet dignity and humbleness that befit a queen. And because she wasn’t as pretty as her sisters with her plain black hair and plain black eyes, she doubled her efforts to dress herself. The simplicity of her outfits suited her very well.
Even at this moment, the only jewelry she wore was a gold necklace with a garnet pendant, which she clutched in one hand whilst moving towards them.
“Is everything ready?” she asked once she stopped in front of her family.
“I can’t believe you would want to visit some primitive kingdom over staying to attend your sister’s engagement party,” Olivia said, drawing her eldest daughter closer. “You know how long it took us to prepare the announcement.”
“Oh mother,” Anya replied in her soothing tones, something which Alice could never manage. “You worry too much. Besides, I think Colin will be grateful we’re not anywhere near Adele. He swears we drive him crazy with our antics. And it will be a relief to me to have several days to myself without the intrusion of suitors who wish only to have a place in the Azarmonian council. And let’s not forget that the engagement is not nearly as important as the real wedding ceremony.”
Olivia sighed in defeat. “Oh why did I have to give birth to such smart daughters?”
“Let’s not forget that their wisdom comes from me,” Malcolm smirked, causing Olivia to raise a brow and his three daughters to roll their eyes and groan, as well as the waiting servants to mask their giggles and guffaws under coughing fits. “Oh fine,” he amended. “And Olivia too.”
“Don’t worry, Adele,” Anya said once she mounted Bernina. “We’ll be back in time for your wedding. Hopefully that blasted Lord Maximilian won’t be there.”
She muttered the last sentence under her breath.
Alice frowned. “Is he still bothering you?”
“The blasted man won’t leave me alone. Just because I saved him from drowning in the river and kissed his scraped knee, he thinks I’m in love with him.”
“Don’t worry sis. Once we reach Castolla, you won’t have to deal with man problems for the next few days.”
.o000o.
“What did you say?” Pierre de Castolla put down his tankard so fast that the foam of his drink spilled over. He glared at his younger brother of two years. He did not take his eyes off of him, even as he snatched the opened envelope from his hand.
Pierre took out the folded piece of paper from the envelope and held it to the candle burning beside him. He could make out his father’s handwriting clearly. But what reason did the man have to write to them? He barely noticed his two bastard sons while they were growing up under his nose. He did not even blink as they announced that they wanted to leave and see the world. They knew their father did not love them, and so they decided to get away at the very first opportunity. So what reason did he have to send them a letter, and at this late date?
 He laid the letter on top of the table, making sure that it did not touch the spill close by.
Pierre,
If you have received this letter, then I would most probably be dead.
Upon receiving this letter, know that Castolla now belongs to you.
You know that my queen, rest her soul, never produced me an heir. This is the reason why I leave the kingdom to you and your half-brother. Though you are not of full royal blood, I’ve given you the opportunity to be schooled by excellent tutors. And I believe you will be sufficient rulers. Your mothers were both loyal workers in my house and I believe you both will be equally loyal to your kingdom.
Your king,
Kildare de Castolla
So that’s how he thought. He had addressed his son as Pierre, no Dearest Pierre or Dearest son. He wished his queen’s soul to rest, not the souls of his sons’ mothers. He believed them to be sufficient rulers, as if they were a last resort and nothing else. He addressed himself as their king, not their father. And worst of all, he could not even pen Stephen’s name in the letter.
“The letter came to the manor this morning,” Stephen, his half-brother, took the seat next to him and motioned for a barmaid to give him a drink.
Pierre cursed his luck. Just as he had decided to purchase a wide piece of land on the outskirts of Maya and build a kingdom of his own, the place of his past was being forcibly shoved at him. And despite the fact that he loathed stepping on Castollan soil again, he had to save it from neglect. He knew the Castollan people were counting on him to rescue them from poverty. “We’ll return to the manor and leave tonight. We’ll able to reach Castolla in three days.”
“Brother, I met a merchant from that direction just this morning. He brings news that Castolla has been overtaken.”
“What?! When was this?” Pierre demanded. This was the second shock of the day, and frankly, he did not know if he could take any more.
“Just a week ago, he said. By the king of Azarmon.” Stephen’s jaw clenched as his grip tightened around the drink he held. “He took the kingdom just two days after Kildare died. That old man has a lot of guts overtaking a kingdom with no king. He moves quickly, but he has no respect. I say we take back the kingdom by force.”
“Not so fast, Stephen. Maybe he doesn’t even know Kildare has heirs. I think we should go into Castolla by ourselves and discuss the conflict like adults.”
Stephen downed his drink and returned the cup to the barmaid, who offered him a lascivious once-over before turning back to the counter. He was about to stand up and follow the girl, but Pierre took hold of his arm and pulled him back down.
“And where do you think you’re going?”
“Awe, c’mon Pierre. I just wanted to thank the lovely lady for giving me a delectable drink.”
“Have you forgotten that we have a kingdom to deal with? Not to mention a powerful king to face?”
“Why don’t we just charge and conquer like he did? I’m sure we’ll win.”
Pierre sighed and straightened in his seat. “I’m sure that with your skills as a master swordsman you can take on any soldier. But the problem here is that our enemy is not a soldier, but a king. Who has a vast influence and ties to several kingdoms. We need to proceed carefully.”
 “Fine. But don’t blame me if you come face-to-face with a hard-headed opponent. I won’t be responsible. Now let go of my arm and leave me with the lady. I’ll meet you at the manor tonight. Then we can leave.”
Pierre watched as Stephen sauntered to the counter and openly placed a hand on the small of the woman’s back, before leading her to the side door of the tavern. Pierre knew he was going to wait at the manor for a very long time.
. o 0 C H A P T E R 2 0 o .
Anya wrote down the final amount of money in the leather-bound ledger in front of her. It was a grueling task to count and recount the wealth of Castolla, but it had to be done. Calculating the palace accounts and expenses and deciding which purchases to cut back was more Adele’s forte, as defense was Alice’s. She was not as skilled in both fields, but she wasn’t completely useless. She was the one who saw reason, the one who found a way to solve any problem, the one father placed before visitors to the castle because she had the countenance of a meek lamb. She was the one who thought before she did anything rash. And her calmness had saved their kingdom more than once.
This was the third day of their stay in the kingdom and yet again her character played a great part in winning over the Castollans.
When they arrived at the castle, the servants were apprehensive and a little unbelieving. Of course, who would believe that two ladies would be able to run an entire kingdom? The butler himself was taken aback. But his gentlemanly duties gave him no leeway. He reluctantly welcomed them to the castle, which Anya realized was in disrepair.
She had taken action and requested the servants to put the place to rights. She even joined them in scrubbing and sweeping and laundering the curtains. By the end of day one, she was able to make friends with most of the household help. Alice had taken the time to acquaint herself with the cook and help prepare meals for the working servants. She was in the kitchen so long that by the time dinner was served, she and the cook, an older lady of forty years old, were fast friends.
By the next morning, news of their arrival had spread into the village and curious children were sneaking into the back garden to catch a glimpse of them. It was fortunate that they did so when she and her sister were taking their morning walk.
At first, the children were scared. They thought that they would be punished when they were discovered. But the fear turned into laughter when Anya and Alice decided to play with them in the garden. The game of tag was such a success that Alice invited the little mites to come to the gardens any time they wanted to.
It was during their impromptu picnic that they met their first village worker. A farmer named Channing came to the castle to collect his son, one of the children in the garden. Anya and Alice introduced themselves and asked him about the condition of the fields. What a surprise they found when Channing told them there may not be enough harvest the next season, and that some of the families might need to go hungry. Anya quickly remedied the situation by telling the farmer that she would check into the accounts and see for how long the stored food would hold out. Alice offered to send word to Azarmon and request for several food reserves as there were plenty to go about.
Channing thanked them profusely and collected his son and the other children. Then he must have told the other villagers of his encounter with the sisters. By late afternoon, Anya and Alice had received several villagers and listened to their complaints. Some villager’s problems, such as broken wheelbarrows and old roofs, were quickly remedied. Anya sent several male servants to help the people. Other issues, such as the lack of work horses and a proper health facility, Anya promised to look into as soon as possible.
It was this very reason that she was now sitting in the castle study and rubbing her temples. The kingdom wealth was enough for only either a clinic or horses, not both. She supposed she could buy the horses first to improve the farming, but it would mean neglecting the health of the people. Finally, she decided to build the clinic first and stock up on herbal remedies. The rainy months were drawing closer and it would be difficult to travel to the next kingdom in emergencies. She supposed her ample knowledge of nature’s remedies would have to do for now. She would have to loan Azarmonian horses to speed up the planting and return them once they got the profits from the trading caravan she planned to send in the sunny months.
Just as she started to pen the letter asking her father if she could borrow several horses, Alice burst into the room still in her black riding pants and boots.
“Anya! I just came back from Azarmon, and father approved our request to get food. Twenty wagons full of them!” Alice’s eyes sparkled, matching the light blue of her shirtwaist. “You have to come see.”
“Oh my goodness! That’s fantastic!” Anya jumped up and raced to the window. Sure enough, twenty large wagons were lining the courtyard. The servants were happily marching back and forth, some stocking the pantry while others wrapped the food into parcels which they placed in wheelbarrows to distribute to the villagers.
“There’s more news, Anya. Father told me that after the engagement party he will personally come here to fetch us in time for the wedding. He’ll be able to see the kingdom then.”
“Then we’ll have to prepare,” Anya concluded as she settled behind the writing desk. “However, there is another matter which we have to solve, sister. And I hope you’re not fed up with riding yet.”
“Ha-ha. Very funny. You know I can ride for a week straight – without stopping.”
“Then would you like to make a second trip to Azarmon? We need horses for the planting during the rainy months. The ploughs that the farmers use here are heavy. I don’t want any accidents on the field, especially when we don’t have a facility to cater to that event yet.”
Alice did a mock bow and adjusted the fit of her pants. “Write on, sis. I’ll be waiting in the stables with Czarina.”
“And I want to send word to father. Tell him ‘thank you’ for his help.”
“No problem. By the way, Adele told me to tell you that your gown for the wedding festival is finished. She’s seen the gown and swears all the men will be drooling over you once you wear it.”
Great. Anya cursed inwardly, hoping that the gown would mysteriously vanish. Men were not high on the list of her priorities right now. Especially not Maximilian. But she didn’t want to disappoint Adele, so she gave a small smile to Alice and told her to thank Adele as well for the news.
.o000o.
 “Master Pierre?”
“Good to see you too, Wendell,” Pierre slapped the butler on the back before marching up the stairs to the royal bedroom. It was eight o’ clock at night and he was tired from his three day ride back to Castolla. “Please have the other servants take my trunk up.”
“Master Pierre-”
“I’m beat, Wendell. Would you please arrange a bath for me in my room?” he rounded a corner before proceeding on another set of steps. “Oh, and Stephen will not be here until tomorrow morning, but I want his room already prepared.”
“But Master Pierre-”
Pierre opened the door to the royal bedroom and was surprised to find that a bath had already been drawn. The steam from the warm water called out to him and he immediately discarded his riding jacket on the floor. He did not know how the servants found out he was returning to the kingdom, but he was grateful that they had seen to his comfort the minute he got there. “Oh good. Now all I need is a dinner to be sent up here and I’ll sleep like a contented log.”
“That bath is for-”
“Can you arrange for some roast and several sweet rolls? And a glass of brandy? Two if you can manage.”
“Yes sir, but-”
“Thank you Wendell. That will be all.”
Pierre watched as Wendell walked away, mumbling incoherent sentences under his breath. Pierre chuckled before closing the door behind him. It had always been a childish delight to annoy Wendell whenever he wanted to. The man was as dear to him as a favorite uncle, one who didn’t mind even if he was a regular recipient of his and Stephen’s pranks. He grabbed his jacket on the way to his dressing room, at the same time undoing his buttons with his other hand.
The room had not changed much since he went away. The furniture was still in shades of brown and tan velvet, the bed and its canopy were still covered in white silk, with overstuffed white and tan pillows covering the headboard. The walls were still pale blue and the tables and shelves varnished in walnut tones. There was, however, the scent of something citrus in the room.
He closed his eyes and breathed in the scent as he turned the knob to his dressing room. Somehow, the scent was stronger here. It was a pleasant fragrance that reminded him of sweet apples ripe for the picking. It would be the perfect scent on a bouquet, or a woman.
A sharp squeal of surprise stopped his musings.
“WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?!”
Pierre opened his eyes and gaped.
There standing in the middle of his dressing room was a girl, wearing nothing but a chemise so sheer that moonlight would pass through it.
“I repeat, who the hell are you?” she asked, her voice a rising crescendo of surprise and mortification. The woman had raven black hair and eyes as dark as ink. Her hands, which had crossed over her chest a while ago, were now perched on curvaceous hips. Hips which more than made up for her tiny bosom. She was so tiny, possibly five-one, and so delectable wearing next to nothing that Pierre found it difficult to comprehend what she was saying.
“Are you deaf?” she said as a flush of anger colored her cheeks and neck, “Who. Are. You?” she spat each word with so much venom that Pierre took a step back before regaining his composure and barging in on her.
“You’re asking me? Who the hell are you? Why are you in my room?”
He stood a few inches in front of her, the distance enough to make him notice that the fruity scent came from her. Enough to make him feel the warmth coming from her body. Enough to make him realize that an unmentionable part of his anatomy had been stirred to life.
The woman seemed unaffected by the weird connection between them. She even took in a breath in preparation for a verbal spat, which made her chest expand and Pierre painfully aware that the vixen was half-naked. “I am Anya du Azarmon, daughter of His Highness, King Malcolm de Azarmon. And I am the new ruler of Castolla, under the power of my father.”
“Ha! You? The ruler of Castolla?”
“And why not?”
She raised her left brow in such a way that Pierre almost wanted to kiss it to make it come down. It would be easy if he grabbed her by the shoulders and kept her still. After all, he was nearly a foot taller than her. He would bet that her shoulders were as soft as her temper was high.
He mentally shook his head to escape his wild imagination and copied her exact posture. “You can’t be the ruler of Castolla. I am the ruler of Castolla, the next king. I am Pierre de Castolla, son of Kildare.”
.o000o.
Anya expected to have a night of rest and relaxation. She expected a hot bath, a good dip to clear the dizzying swirl of numbers in her head. She expected to throw herself on top of the softest pillows she had ever slept on. She did not expect a package of complete alpha male to barge into her dressing room while she stripped down for her bath. She certainly did not expect the male to be a son of Kildare.
“Excuse me?” she stared up into his eyes. Sparkly viridian-green eyes, she thought. “And how, pray tell, can you be Kildare’s son? I happen to know that he does not have any children.”
“Well, none with pure royal blood,” Oh heavens! His voice was as smooth as velvet, she thought.
Anya squared her shoulders and stiffened her spine. If the blackguard didn’t remove himself soon, she would have to hurt him. She wasn’t so defenseless. She knew where to kick a man to hurt him most. “You are not a king and never will be. For all I know, you are a lying, perverted man with a talent for timing your entrance into a woman’s bath!”
“Stop right there, sweeting,” He grabbed Anya by the arm just as she was about to get out of the room and retrieve a robe from the hook by the door. “I happen to have a letter from my father, telling me that Castolla now belongs to me and partly my half-brother. And if you don’t believe it, you can ask Wendell yourself. He’s known me for twenty years. And he’s a good friend of my mother.”
Anya could smell the scent of the outdoors on his shirt, as well as his own body’s scent. A mix of virility, haughtiness and allure, she – oh fine! Anya had to admit it to herself. The man was an alluring piece of work.
The shirt he wore did nothing to hide his toned muscles. His hair was a particular sable that fell in tousled waves. Two locks separated from the rest and hung precariously close to each eye. His jaw was angled and strong, his lips a shell pink. The Adam’s apple on his throat was tempting to taste. Oh dear! This was not what Anya wanted to think about an enemy.
“Fine,” she said, “I believe you.” She would do anything, even agree, just to have him remove his hand from her upper arm. The heat coming from that point of contact was… disconcerting.
But when he did remove his hand, Anya felt a jolt of disappointment and loss. “Does that mean you’ll leave? As soon as possible?”
Anya crossed her arms in front of her. “No. it means the exact opposite. I’m staying.”
A muscle in his jaw ticked. His hands clenched into fists. His eyes narrowed. “Why?”
Anya laughed. “Pardon? Have you looked at this place? It can barely support itself. Have you counted the number of houses that need to be rebuilt? The number of children who don’t know a fig about their numbers and ABC’s? Have you seen a doctor or a mason with their office here? Kildare was a weak king. How can I be sure that the next generation will be an improvement?”
“I was schooled by the most knowledgeable professors in all the kingdoms. Kildare arranged my education himself.”
“A pity he did not acquire of the same course of action,” Anya replied scathingly. “Nevertheless I will stay. My father did conquer this kingdom after all.”
“Then he shall have to re-conquer it, because I’m not going anywhere as well. I’m staying.”
Anya gasped. “You can’t do that! I’m in charge of Castolla until my father can incorporate the kingdom as an external post of Azarmon. I’m the sole ruler and caretaker of the kingdom.”
Pierre grinned, an action which caused a small amount of fear to creep into Anya’s heart. He moved closer to her, forcing her to step against the still closed door of the dressing room. He stretched his arms out and placed his palms against the door, on either side of her face. She was trapped in a cage made of Pierre de Castolla and the door. “Oh I can, sweeting. I can stay here and rule over Castolla, take over what you’re doing.”
“Bu-but, what about me?”
“Easy. You’ll be my hostage until your father decides to turn over the kingdom to me.”
Oh no! This is not happening, Anya thought as she looked left and right, trying to find a way to escape. Pierre ran his eyes over her body, as if trying to determine which part of her would make for a good hostage. “Y-you can’t. The people already know me. They’ll come barging into the castle when they know you’re keeping me against my will.”
“Then you can always consent to be kept here by will.”
“I won’t!” Anya screamed. She aimed for the section between his legs and tried to kick.
But Pierre had anticipated her move. He did not survive the taverns in one piece by letting the barmaids take advantage of his manly attribute. He stepped to the side and avoided the whole kick. Anya had put her whole weight on that leg and began to topple once it hit nothing but free air. She fell on her stomach, only to be picked up by the waist and hauled over one broad shoulder.
“Barbarian! Let go of me!”
“Keep quiet up there!” Pierre retaliated, giving her a good shake, which caused her to pound his back with her delicate knuckles.
“I demand that you put me on my feet!”
Pierre spanked her backside.
“You cad!”
“Thank you for the compliment, Your Highness,” He dropped Anya on the bed.
Before Anya could go anywhere, she found herself flat on her back, the wrist of her right hand chained to the bedpost, Pierre’s smug face peering down at her from the side of the bed. “Until you agree to stay and work under my supervision, this will have to do. Now, I believe I was going to bathe.”
. o 0 C H A P T E R 3 0 o .
Pierre looked over his shoulder, at the four-post bed where his hostage lay asleep above his bedcovers. The flickering light from the fireplace in front of him danced over her still form. Even as manhandled as she was, this Anya du Azarmon was a pretty little thing. Her chest rose and fell as she slept soundly.
The bath water was cooling, so Pierre stood up and grabbed a folded towel from a stool that had been placed next to the tub. The tub itself would have to be removed the next morning, for a rush of servants would surely wake the girl. Besides, it would not fare well for him if the servants saw their houseguest shackled to the bed.
He approached the side of the bed in silence and stared down at her face. It was flushed with sleep. He could see that her brows were drawn together, so he gently smoothed the pads of his fingers over her forehead to make the furrows disappear. Her face visibly relaxed, and she unconsciously turned her head towards his hand.
While bathing, Anya had closed her eyes for modesty’s sake and pretended to fall asleep. This amused and annoyed him at the same time, for no woman had been able to resist ogling him. He had tried to ask Anya questions about herself and Azarmon, but she refused to answer each one. So when she had fallen asleep, he sent for the castle books where the accounts were recorded. When he was still a child and living in the castle, he had seen how Kildare ruled his people. He had been wise and careful, sometimes even to the point that he was labeled a miser. But Pierre could see, based on his father’s last records, that Kildare did an about-face in the last years of his life.
Somehow, Queen Leticia had taken to her sickbed. The book stated that a large amount of money was spent on entirely worthless things that Kildare acquired for his wife to ease her last days in life. By the ‘last days’, Kildare meant two years.
Twelve new dresses for my beloved Leticia, since she claims the fever makes it hot for her to go outside – fourteen thousand Castols.
Thirty crates of herbal tea for my beloved Leticia, since her swollen throat cannot take anything else without aching – twenty-four thousand Castols.
Six silk-embroidered paisley pillows for my beloved Leticia, for her aching head that needs the comfort of something soft and comfortable – six thousand Castols.
Twenty-two thousand Castols in payment for my Leticia’s lady’s maid, due to her loyalty to her mistress in her time of need.
Kildare must have been out of his mind! He had spent sixty-six thousand Castols on his wife in just a span of one month! That amount of money could have fed more than five hundred mouths. His Leticia, a woman Pierre remembered to be a spoilt trollop who valued her figure too much to be ruined by childbirth, did not deserve any of the expensive things her husband gave her. Why couldn’t the man have loved either his or Stephen’s mother instead?
Pierre moved to the cabinet and pulled out a shirt and hose which he donned before proceeding to a nearby bureau. The next book of accounts was the one which Anya had started just a few days ago. He turned the knob of the lantern beside him and opened the book to its most current page. Her handwriting was neat and more specific compared to his father’s. He could see that someone had taken the time to teach her how to handle a kingdom’s affairs. One particularly long entry caught his eye.
Two issues have garnered my attention concerning the villagers. First and foremost is the lack of a health facility. Second is the lack of work horses this farming season. Both improvements require an amount of money that Castolla is sorely lacking.
In order to solve both problems as soon as possible, I will be spending some of Castolla’s remaining funds in the building of an apothecary in the village, an amount totaling to twenty-thousand Castols, roughly ten-thousand Azars.
I will also borrow eighteen strong horses from my father’s stables so that the farmers will not find it difficult to prepare the soil for planting.
I have left the assembly of a merchant caravan to my sister, Alice du Azarmon, as an additional source of income for the kingdom.
Twenty-two thousand Castols coming from the caravan will be set aside for buying new horses for the farmers in time for the sunny season planting.
By the kindness of my father, King Malcolm of Azarmon, Castolla now has twenty more wagon-fulls of food reserves, amounting to eight-thousand Castols.
Long live Castolla!
Pierre was impressed. He could use someone like her. Stephen was good only for hands-on work and military tactics. But he needed someone with enough sense to keep kingdom activities within its limits. He needed someone close to the people. Somehow he needed to convince Anya to stay with him and work under him.
But the woman was a princess. She couldn’t just ‘work’ for him. Her statues required that she be free of master and overlord. In fact, the only overlord allowed to rule her would have to be a husband – Pierre shut the book quickly.
That was his solution!
He quickly replaced the book as the idea formed in his mind. He needed a helpmeet. She needed a job. Castolla needed heirs. Definitely needed heirs. It was time he got himself a wife.
.o000o.
Anya rolled to her side and snuggled closer to the warmer pillow on her left. She draped an arm over its hard frame and bent her leg forward to straddle it. It was strange. She swore that the pillow was squirming. Had one of the dogs in the kennel found its way into the castle? She swore she could smell her apple-scented bath oil on the pillow. But had she not slept without taking a bath? Hadn’t she been cuffed to her own bed?
Wait. Her wrist was unshackled, and a little sore.
So the blackguard had finally seen reason and allowed her to sleep in comfort. If so, had he left? Where was he? Why was her pillow intimately caressing her waist with one large hand?! And who the hell was kissing her?!!!
“Oh my stars!” Anya opened her eyes and sat up so fast that she lost her balance and fell to the floor.
A bout of masculine laughter boomed. And because of that, Anya on her wobbling knees grabbed the edge of the bed and attempted to stand in dignity.
But her mussed hair and her chemise askew must have been an appalling sight, for Pierre de Castolla’s roared laughter increased. “And good morning to you too, sweeting,” He said after most of his guffaws have subsided, leaving him teary-eyed and smirking.
“Why were you on this bed with me?!” she demanded, trying to find some sort of material to cover herself in the light of day. In the end she grabbed a pillow that had fallen off the bed and used it to cover her front.
“You seemed to need the extra warmth, sweeting.”
“Don’t call me that.”
“I can call you whatever I want. It’s my castle you’re in.”
Anya threw the pillow at him, but immediately realized her mistake, for she had nothing else she could use to cover herself. Unless she picked up and wore his discarded shirt. This was not an option, since Azarmonian culture could see the act as completely scandalous. It would be like announcing to the whole world that she had appointed him as a lover. Especially if the mark transferred to him.
“Oh. My. Bloody…”
Anya paled. She raised her hand and felt behind her neck, hoping and praying that the slightly raised skin under her brand was still there.
“Hey! What’s the matter?”
Pierre scrambled from his bed and laid his hands on her upper arms. Anya had turned pale. She trembled. Her unfocused eyes faced forward. She bit down on her lower lip. This was not how he had planned to start the morning. He had planned to leave her to her bath, break his fast with her and escort her to the garden to discuss about the kingdom. “Please. Tell me. What’s the matter?”
As if she had been catapulted from a crossbow, Anya shoved at his chest to little effect. He simply stepped away from her range and held up his hands in defense. “I’m ruined, damn you! That’s what the matter is! This can’t be possible! How can you – you of all people – get it?!”
“Nobody saw us! We’re practically in this room together. Alone. So for goodness’ sake, snap out of it.”
“You don’t understand! I am not referring to the fact that we slept on this bed together.” Anya’s lips quivered as she lifted her black hair over one shoulder and turned to present the back of her neck. There, just below her hairline, was a tattoo of what looked like a sole wing.
“So?”
“Look at your hand, you idiot.”
Pierre looked at the palm of his left hand. Sure enough, there was an identical wing tattoo on his palm, the right wing to pair the one on Anya’s neck. “What the hell? What is this thing?”
“It’s a brand that a magus on my father’s council placed on each of his daughters. It’s especially designed to transfer to the destined champions of our assigned kingdoms. I promised father I would never be careless and prevent the mark from transferring prematurely. And now I – now I – oh no…”
Damnation! Pierre caught her from behind as she sank to the floor. He steadied her and held her close. Comforting a wailing princess had most certainly not been on his schedule today. Good heavens! “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I’ll fix it, I promise.”
Anya wanted to step out of his arms, to break free. But what would that solve? She had lost her brand. If she wore her hair up, like she usually did, everybody would see. Everybody would know. Her father would be disappointed in her carelessness and mother would have a heart attack. Adele would be affected and Colin might even be judged for having a careless sister-in-law. And worst of all, Maximilian would know. The man had an obsessive streak where she was concerned. He’d make sure she died rather than go to somebody else.
Instead, she stayed in her captor’s arms and allowed him to soothe her with his soft murmurs. She wept freely, for once letting someone else try to solve her problems. “Calm down, Your Highness. I have no idea of what is going on, and none of this crying will help any.”
She placed her hands over his linked ones. What other choice did she have?
.o000o.
Stephen strapped his leather satchel to the saddle of his horse. It was still early in the morning, but he wanted to be sure that he delivered all the important information to his brother as soon as possible.
On their journey to Castolla, he and his half-brother split up, Pierre to continue on to Castolla and take charge of the castle and Stephen to detour to Auria and gain knowledge about King Malcolm. He learned from several innkeepers that King Malcolm’s daughter, Adele du Azarmon, was to be married to Auria’s own Prince Colin. In fact, the engagement celebration was to be held on that very day in Azarmon.
Alexei, his noble chestnut Trakehner steed, snorted in impatience.
“All right, boy. We’re going, we’re going.”
Several hours into their journey, they reached the border of the Castollan lands. They emerged from the tree line and onto a dirt path that stretched into the valley where Castolla was located. Part of the path cut through a channel with rock walls on both sides. As Stephen eased his mount into the narrow pathway, a sudden whip of air swooped close to his cheek. The sound of an arrow embedding itself onto the rock wall close to his side garnered his attention. Someone had indeed tried to kill him!
“Show yourself you coward!” Stephen removed his sword from the sheath attached to his hip, then focused on the area above the rock wall where the arrow had most likely come from. He turned his horse in that direction and scanned the surface.
He did not, however, expect his enemy to jump from it and land straight onto him.
Alexei reared from the surprise impact of an added weight, causing his master and the attacker to fall to the dirt path. Stephen felt like the world was spinning. He barely realized that he was rolling and rolling on the dirt path, with his attacker still latched onto him. It was several seconds later when he realized that he was sprawled on his back in the middle of the road, his killer pinning him down with-
With her body?
“Who are you and why are you going this way?” the woman asked as she pressed the sharp edge of her dagger into his throat. Her red and gold curls swayed in the breeze, tickling the sides of his face. Her cold eyes, however murderous their gaze now, were the most intriguing color Stephen had ever seen.
He cleared his throat more from surprise than fear. Nobody had ever snuck up to him without his notice. No woman had ever successfully shot an arrow that close to him. And no woman had definitely been able to pin him helpless before, something which he could still remedy. Stephen rolled to his side, catching her unawares, and switched their positions. “Now that I have the advantage, I think I’m the one who’s supposed to ask – Ah!”
Blasted son of a harlot! The girl had kneed him where it was most important!
“What the blazes did you do that for?!” Stephen ranted as he doubled over and tried to at least sit up. “Do you have any idea that you just attacked a Castollan Lord right in his-”
“You? Ha! A Castollan Lord? Very funny, mister. I suggest you shut your mouth until we reach my sister’s castle.”
Oh god. The woman was mad! How on earth would he be able to face two of them? “My name is not Mister. It’s Sir Stephen de Castolla, son of the late king Kildare. And if I’m not mistaken, the castle you’re referring to is the one my brother’s about to own as the new king of Castolla.” Stephen spoke of his background while he approached the woman with his hands up. He did NOT want another attack, especially one that would end his ability to procreate.
“I don’t trust you,” the woman said.
“Of course you wouldn’t… What are you doing with my horse?”
The woman had taken Alexei’s reins and seated herself on the saddle. “Borrowing it.”
“And what am I supposed to use?” Stephen positioned himself in front of the animal so it wouldn’t go anywhere. Alexei knew better than to trample his own master. “I can’t just walk into the kingdom without my horse. My brother paid for this horse. He’ll kill me if I lose him.”
“Look, Stephen or whoever you are. I don’t care where you came from or why you’re here. But if you want to stay alive, you better hop on behind me. I have better things to do than play nanny to your pathetic backside.”
“That’s not very nice,” Stephen tried to yank the reins off her hands, but she slapped his hand away. “I am brother to the future king of Castolla and I demand that you return my horse.”
“Aren’t you even listening to me? If you don’t get out of this channel this instant, you’re dead!”
“Give me back my horse!”
“Listen to me, arse-head!”
“My horse!”
“Listen!”
And Stephen did hear something. It sounded like running feet. Very fast running feet. And it was coming from above the rock wall.
Black silhouettes stood against the blinding rays of the sun. They appeared one by one on top of the wall, their huge forms and heavy weights causing several loose rocks to roll downward. Stephen gulped. With his friends, he could take on any enemy. But he had no comrades nearby. He had only himself, plus a lady to protect. He grabbed for his sword, which was lying close to his feet, and gripped it tightly. “Who are they?” he asked his female companion.
The woman readied her own sword in her hand. She did not take her eyes away from the shadows. “Pelans.”
.o000o.
This was not how Alice expected her Castollan homecoming to happen. Somehow she ended up without a horse of her own, a lost Lord for a helpmate and her sword as the only available weapon to resort to. She pointed the tip of her sword to the biggest of the men atop the wall. 
“Who are you and why did you come here?!”
“We seek a Princess of Azarmon.”
“It is I,” she said, tossing a lock of her hair behind her shoulder before raising her chin. They could have just said so in the first place. Instead they had to watch her from a distance. They ran when she ran, they lingered when she stopped. She might not have left Czarina to find her own way home once she realized somebody was silently following her.
“Not you. Your sister.”
“What do you want with my sister?” This was definitely not good. She could understand if they wanted money or a ride to the nearest inn. What did these big Neanderthals want with Anya?
“Lord Maximilian sent us.”
Oh great. “What does he want?”
“None of your business.”
“Then I’ll make it my business!”
No sooner had Alice said the words than the Pelans jumped down to circle her and Stephen. There were five all in all, each wearing black leather vests over tattered shirts that needed a miracle more than mending and washing. They weren’t part of the Pelan army, so they must have been hired for some dirty job.
“I’ll take care of this.”
Alice heard the lost Lord scrape the tip of his sword on the dirt before lunging at the closest enemy. The long blade slid effortlessly between the man’s ribs before he could blink. The man’s speed was impressive. Not to be outdone, Alice levered herself and twirled on her toes, leaning to one side as she did so. Her momentum caused an increase in the force with which her sword slapped the closest enemy’s chest, spraying her with a warm splash of blood. The man fell to the road, eyes still open. “Haven’t you forgotten the saying ‘ladies first’?”
“I’m not exactly a gentleman now, am I?”  Stephen answered jokingly without breaking his movements. He pulled out the sword from the man’s chest and somersaulted, landing close to the second opponent and chopping his arm off. A quick slash to said man’s chest also had him dead. “And from the way you fight, you’re not exactly a lady.”
“Why thank you for the compliment,” Alice muttered as she chased the fourth Pelan down the road. She caught up with the man and stabbed him in the back. Blood spread over the back of his vest.
Like a synchronized dance, both Stephen and Alice turned about to face each other, trapping their last enemy between them. Stephen had his sword at the ready, the tip dripping blood on the dirt at his feet. But Alice did not want to end things so quickly. She had to know just what the Lord of Pela was planning. “What does Maximilian want to do with Anya?”
“Please madam,” The man, his frame trembling, dropped to hands and knees. “We were sent to find the princess and take her to Pela. When we saw you riding towards Castolla, we thought to follow you in hopes that you may lead us to the woman. We don’t know anything beyond this. I swear!”
Alice raised the tip of her sword a mere inch before the man’s nose. “For attacking a member of the Azarmonian royal household I could kill you.”
“Mercy madam!”
Alice looked at Stephen, who was clearly confused and looking from her to the Pelan and back again. “You, Stephen whoever you are, tie this man to the horse if you may. He may be of use to me when we get to Castolla.”
“You’re ordering me about?” Stephen asked.
Alice rolled her eyes in exasperation. “Fine then. If you won’t help me, then go. Though if you truly were a lord and a gentleman you would not abandon a helpless woman-princess in the middle of the road, horseless and with a possibly dangerous hostage.”
“Helpless? Hardy-har-har. And princess? Forgive me for saying so, but you talk like a nagging milkmaid. From what I can see you’re more dangerous than that sorry excuse for a man.” But even as he said so, he led his horse to Alice and took out a length of rope from his satchel. Alice grinned.
Stephen tied the man’s wrists tight, and then looped the other end around Alexei’s neck. He then took Alice by surprise when he grabbed her by the waist and settled her side-saddle on the horse.
“What do you think you are doing?!” Alice demanded as Stephen hopped up behind her, then restrained her from getting down by anchoring her to his chest with one arm.
“I am taking you to Castolla, Your Highness.”
.o000o.
Pierre paced the length of the breakfast table as the servants set the dishes that cook had prepared. He knew that Wendell stood just outside the door to the room, waiting for the Princess Anya to descend from the royal chambers.
He had no idea of what got into his head. One minute, he was looking down on the girl, and the next he had the sudden urge to taste those pouty lips. It was just one kiss, he justified to himself. It was just one taste, to see if they were compatible enough as a couple. He should have known better. One taste was all it took and he was a goner. He had not even noticed that his hand began roaming to more other interesting places than the pillow at his other side.
The black imprint of a wing stood out against the pale skin of his palm. Pierre stared at it as he came to a stop at the end of the table. In a span of just a few hours, he had found a perfect queen. Smart, feisty, somewhat pleasant to the eyes. He tried to tell himself that these were the reasons why Anya would make a good helpmeet with his reign over Castolla. Not the spark of energy that passed between them when their lips met in a drowsy kiss.
“Master, may I announce the presence of Princess Anya du Azarmon.”
Anya slipped through the doorway, the hem of her lacy silver-colored dress barely sweeping the floor. She had tied her black hair into a braided bun at the nape of her neck. A lone golden chain decorated her neck, just above those delectable collar bones that Pierre had been tempted to sample as well.
“Good morning, Your Highness.”
Anya eyed him wearily before taking a seat. Pierre, upon realizing that she had no intent to answer his greeting, proceeded to seat himself on a chair beside her. Throughout the meal they did not touch or talk, except when Pierre requested she pass some of the dishes that were on her side of the table.
Finally, when both their plates were clear of food, Anya made to get up. But Pierre stopped her before she could go anywhere. “I’ve arranged for a carriage to take us to Azarmon this afternoon,” he began. “I wanted to ask for your hand in marriage in person instead of just by letter.”
Anya glared at him and pulled her hand from his. “I don’t love you,” she said.
Pierre just sat back and eyed her from head to toe. “But you don’t really have a choice, right? Plus, you did say that you intended to help Castolla recover from poverty. I say the position of queen wields more authority.”
“So this is it? Some sort of contract?”
“You can’t honestly expect for something more to come out of it,” Pierre said, although he did think that something more than just status would come from the bargain. “And I’ve barely known you for one day.”
Anya turned her head away and faced the open window behind her. “I suppose you’re right. Why would I even think someone like you would…?”
There was a definite sorrowful set to her shoulders. A wistful note in her voice that caught his attention. “What do you mean?”
“Nothing.”
“That’s not nothing. You’re hiding something from me, sweeting.”
“I told you not to call me that,” the sharp edge in her voice was back again.
Pierre ignored the tell-tale annoyance in her sentence and moved to her side, taking her hand in his. She was unyielding, but Pierre held fast, finally succeeding in prying her fingers open and intertwining them with his. “Once your father sees the black wing on my palm and gives us his blessing, I can arrange for a simple wedding ceremony in the castle temple as soon as we return. Wendell says that the village priest can still make the journey here despite his advanced age.”
“Why?”
“Well, we can’t exactly pay for a three-day festival.”
“No,” Anya faced him, confusion evident in her onyx eyes. “That’s not what I meant. Why did you kiss me? This morning, in the bedchamber?”
She deserved a good answer to a perfectly innocent question. But what could he say? That he found her fascinating? That she looked like an untried delicacy when she slept peacefully on his bed? That her intelligence and common sense were so evident in her writing his admiration for her could not be expressed by words alone? So many reasons, and all true. Finally Pierre gathered his courage and pulled her closer, so that if they both breathed deeply enough, they would touch.
“I kissed you,” he said, looking down at her upturned face, “because I wanted you.”
And after he said the words, he found his lips on her again.
.o000o.
Anya knew what she was doing was foolish. Standing close to him, letting him kiss her, was something she never thought she would ever do. But she was doing just that now. This was crazy! Want was different from love. Want was a thousand steps below love. But it was as irresistible as a favorite wine. By the stars, she did want him! With a fire that swept through her very being. She was acting worse than a wanton.
“No,” she breathed as she tried to move away from his grasp. “I can’t let you do this to me.” his hands kept a good hold on her forearms, pinning her securely in place in front of him.
“Why not?” Pierre moved closer, brushing his lips over hers once again. “We have more than what others have. We find each other irresistible. It’s more than what others find in marriage. Don’t deny it. I see it in your eyes, as you see it in mine.”
Anya looked up at his eyes, their half-closed lids barely masking the desire they contained. Then they closed once more as Pierre took the light kisses deeper. Anya’s knees grew weak and she instinctively grasped the lapels of his jacket to keep herself upright, allowing Pierre to slide his hands to the back of her waist. “I’m afraid,” she whispered between kisses, “I don’t know if I can… love you…”
“Then… don’t force it,” After one deep kiss, Pierre released her lips and looked into her eyes. “Can you not be content?”
Anya’s body was pressed to his, and for some reason she felt it not the least uncomfortable or inappropriate. The hard planes of his chest and stomach cushioned her softness. The muscles in his arms embraced and warmed her. She could feel the strength of his legs even with her skirt between them. She felt oddly protected. She was more than content. She felt more alive than she had ever been before.
“Anya, can you not be content?”
“I-”
“You’ll have to be,” The new female voice that interrupted them forced Anya to leap away from Pierre. But his protective instincts must have kicked up, for he had her behind him in no time. Anya peeked from behind him and, when she saw who stood at the door, placed a hand on his shoulder to stop him from doing anything rash.
“You know that girl?” Pierre asked.
“My sister,” Anya eased out from behind him. But no sooner had she moved than Pierre had her hand in his. She dismissed scolding him for now and led him to the doorway. “This is Alice du Azarmon, my twin sister. Alice, this is Pierre de Castolla, heir apparent to the Castollan throne.”
“I see father’s conquest is indeed useless now,” Alice moved into the room and looked them both over. “Apparently I’ve been gone for only one night and already a few interesting things have happened. So it is true?”
“That’s what I’ve been trying to tell you,” a brown-haired, green-eyed gent stepped into the dining room as well, leading a roped man behind him.
“Sister, who is he?”
“That’s my brother Stephen,” Pierre muttered, facing his sibling and raising one brow in question as to who his companion was. His brother wore a shirt a shade lighter than his own forest green. It was dusty, as were the black pants and boots that were so much similar to his. He could also see the splotches of blood on his shirt and pants.
“We were attacked by Pelans,” Stephen announced in explanation. “And before you could say anything, I wasn’t the only one involved. Miss Independent here took out several of the enemy as well. Now there’s only this one and he keeps telling us that the Princess of Azarmon’s presence is required in Pela.”
“Pela?” Anya gasped, earning Pierre’s curiosity and concern. “That’s Lord Maximilian’s kingdom. What does he want?”
“You know he’s always wanted you. For the last ten years he’s always wanted you.” Alice muttered.
“No doubt for my dowry and the position on the Azarmonian council. But he won’t touch anything that’s mine. Would you please lock the man up in the dungeon?”
Stephen huffed in agitation and crossed his arms in front of him, almost causing their captive to trip over himself. “Pierre, are you really going to allow these ninnies to boss us around? This is our kingdom after all.”
“Do as she says, Stephen.”
“What?”
“I said ‘do as she says.’ She’s to be my wife, after all.”
“And like I said before,” Alice interjected, casting her gaze to her twin. “You’ll have to be content Anya. Maximilian will do anything to get you as his bride. He already attacked the guards that father sent to watch after us.”
“Wait, there were guards following us here?”
“Were being the operative word, as they’re all dead now,” Alice moved passed her sister and faced Pierre. She set a determined look on her face and poked a finger to his chest. Even if she was wearing her dirtiest set of shirt and trousers, she had to make her stand clear to the two brothers. “You sir may be a future king, but I will not stand for anything if I find out you hurt my sister. Considering I found you both in a very interesting position before I came here, can I assume that I’ll be hearing wedding bells in the near future?”
Pierre grinned, tightening his grip on Anya’s hand. Lord Maximilian. The man’s name didn’t ring a bell, but Pierre could see from the way Anya stiffened at the mention of that name, he was not exactly welcome. This was another leverage he could use to tide Anya over. “We were supposed to leave for Azarmon this afternoon, but your warning came just in time. I think it’s safer that the wedding take place before we leave.”
“I agree,” Alice turned to Anya. “Only if my sister allows it.”
. o 0 C H A P T E R 4 0 o .
“So are you really going to go through with this?” Alice asked as she settled herself in an upholstered settee opposite to the one her sister occupied. She fingered the edge of a cushion encased in velvet, its golden color similar to the one of her gown. She had changed into a new gown after helping Stephen and several of the castle servants shove their prisoner in one of the basement cellars.
The twins were sitting atop a balcony on the west side of the Castollan castle. The raised balcony’s railings were crawling with vines, reaching the small roof that shaded it from the sun. The two settees faced each other, separated by a crystal table that held an expensive tea set Wendell had provided the both of them.
“What else could I do?” Anya said as she set down her teacup on her lap. “When we were born, mother wasn’t going to be able to bear a male heir for the Azarmonian throne. Father has no male children to inherit his kingdom, no male keepers for his other external kingdoms. That’s why Magus Napoleon branded us, so that we may be able to find men with the ability to take care of the kingdoms until such time our sons can take over them.”
“Maybe Sir Pierre tricked you into giving up your wing. Haven’t you ever thought about that?”
Anya pursed her lips. “He couldn’t have possibly known about our brands. Not even mother knows their real purpose.”
Alice looked over the railing and spotted Pierre and Stephen in the courtyard below. They were down to their shirts and pants, the metallic clash of their swords permeating the air as they sparred with each other. “Are you sure, sis? How much do we really know about these brothers? For all we know, they came back just because they want to sack the kingdom.”
“That can’t be. Magus Napoleon said that the wing would transfer only to those deserving of the kingdom.”
“So you think this Pierre de Castolla is capable of handling Azarmon?”
“Hush!” Anya rushed to her sister’s side, spilling her tea to the floor in the process. But she didn’t bother with cleaning it up. She instead took her sister’s hand and pulled her away from the railing, as if anybody standing beneath them would hear.
“Oh my goodness, I didn’t realize I just said that!” Alice stated.
“Nobody must ever know that Azarmon is bound to my name,” Anya said.
Alice nodded. She knew the many measures that King Malcolm took to secure Azarmon. The strategic tactics taught down the generations have saved the kingdom from both natural and man-made threats. It was the kingdom of Kantilla that had been left to Adele’s name. And it was this kingdom that Prince Colin would be protecting with his title. The town of Maya was bound to Alice. Alice’s future husband would ensure the safety of that external post.
It was Anya who carried most of the burden. Aside from the fact that Azarmon was bound to her name, their father also planned to give her Castolla. And her future husband was entitled to a seat in the Azarmonian Council. Nobody in the whole kingdom except King Malcolm, Magus Napoleon and the three sisters knew about these arrangements.
“Does Pierre even know that he will be in charge of both Azarmon and Castolla once you two are married?”
Anya frowned. “Over my dead body he will. If he does marry me, I won’t agree to just his terms. Either we divide the kingdoms, with Azarmon obviously in my care, or we share the power.”
Alice considered this. “You know that Adele gave her brand to Colin not because of its ability to detect a powerful leader, but because she loved him. Are you sure you’ll be able to live the rest of your life under a contract?”
“Under a…” Anya’s hand paused midway to summoning a servant to clean up the mess of she made of the tea. “Oh shoot! Alice, I just realized something. On our tenth birthday, father and Magus Napoleon wrote the contract containing our names and the kingdoms and wealth entailed to each of us. It hasn’t been changed since.”
“So?”
“That was the birthday when we decided to ditch the party and go wandering in the forest. That was the day we rescued Lord Maximilian. We took him to the castle to be taken care of. He never left the castle for a month because of his broken leg. He may have seen the contract at some point of his stay. Do you think that’s why he’s after me now? Do you think he knows Azarmon is under my name?”
Alice crossed her arms. “I don’t know sis. That’s an unlikely theorem, but I’m not about to throw it out the window. But still, how would he have known anything about the contract?”
“I don’t know Alice,” Anya rubbed her temple as she crossed the room to the door. Too many questions were still unanswered, too many mysteries unsolved. What was Maximilian’s motive behind his pursuit? And why had he waited to act now? “But as Fate has decreed that Pierre de Castolla carry my brand, then so be it. I will not go against it.”
“Anya,” Alice moved to her sister’s side. “I worry for you. Fate has a way of crippling people. What if this doesn’t turn out right?”
“Then I guess,” Anya answered, “I’ll just have to deal with it.” And with that Anya left the room to find her bridegroom.
.o000o.
Anya made her way across the courtyard, her silvery gown snagging on several long clumps of grass. But this did not stop her from looking at the two half-brothers that continued to attack each other with the skills of a master swordsman.
Both men’s shirts were soaked with sweat and clinging to their toned torsos. It was clear to anyone watching that their brisk footwork took years in the making, as did the bulk of their leg muscles. Their arms tensed and strained every time they struck or blocked. The two set a rhythm that Anya guessed only they could tackle. She wouldn’t be surprised if they were better sword masters than her sister.
She didn’t know that she was gaping at them until, both men paused mid-strike. “Why did you stop?” she heard Stephen ask, whose back was to her and his sword raised to block Pierre’s.
Pierre lowered his sword and leaned to the side to look over Stephen’s shoulder. And Anya felt her face heat up the moment he winked at her. “Oh, I see!” Stephen continued, now looking in her direction.
Anya shook her head and brushed a stray lock of hair away from her cheek, hoping that some of the blush would cool down immediately. Then, having not noticed that she had stopped walking, Anya resumed her fast pace until she stood in front of them. “I need to talk to you,” she said.
“To the grass?” Pierre asked with amusement in his voice.
How could Anya be able to make eye contact with him? Especially when he was enticingly covered with a sheen of sweat? Especially if, the moment their gazes clashed, a wave of heat would cause her body to shiver and eyes to widen with desire. But if that was what it took to stop him from fooling around then she would look at him. After all, come sunset they would be facing the altar.
“Pierre, I need to talk to you. It’s of the utmost importance.”
“Hmm, wonder what that would be,” Stephen murmured as he sheathed his sword and reached for a towel hanging from a nearby post.
Anya ignored the man’s jabbing and pulled Pierre by the hand.
“Hey! I haven’t even cleaned myself.”
“There’s a barrel of fresh, clean water in the stables you can make use of.”
“Holy heavens, woman! Can’t this wait ‘til morning? If it’s the wedding night you’re worried about-”
Anya halted abruptly and faced him so quickly that she ripped a part of her skirt on a bush close by. But she didn’t even care about the rip. Hands on hips, she glared at Pierre unmercifully. 
“Now what in heaven’s name gave you that idea? Here I thought you agreed that my life was at stake and you intended to help me.”
“I do intend to help you.”
“Oh really? Well you should be enthusiastic that I’m giving you a heads-up by providing information on my past. And I do believe it would make the difference between the survival of both our kingdoms and utter destruction.”
“Very well, lead on then.”
Pierre and Anya entered the stables, her eyes darting everywhere except at him, his eyes never leaving her. Ultimately Pierre found the barrel, where he immediately dunked his head. He shook the water off his hair afterwards, not caring if they splashed the woman standing beside him.
“Would you cut that out?!”
“You told me I could use the water in here.”
“I didn’t tell you to get me wet in the process,” Anya marched to a stack of hay and propped herself up on a low bale. She crossed one knee over the other and laid her hands palm down on either side of her. “Now, regarding the information.”
“Yes?”
“I suppose you know the custom of the land. In the event that a kingdom has no male heir, the kingdom itself and the other belongings that the king owns are divided between the daughters according to how he sees fit. The properties are bound to his daughters’ names until such time that they produce the male heir, the eldest of them being the one to relinquish the home kingdom and all higher properties.”
“Of course I do. Though I’m not exactly a pureblood I was educated.”
“Well, I have to inform you that, if we proceed with our plan to marry, you will not only be king to Castolla, but also champion to Azarmon.”
“Pardon?!” Pierre stepped closer to her, his index finger plugged to one ear as if clearing it of any obstruction. “Did I hear correctly? I’m champion to Azarmon? Azarmon!”
“Yes. Champion, protector, defender, whatever you want to call yourself. Bottom line is, you will protect Azarmon. Because Azarmon is bound to my name.”
.o000o.
“How could that be?” Pierre asked, sitting beside her, his eyes never leaving the black pearls that were her eyes. They seemed masked, shrouded in darkness, as if Anya did not want them to reveal anything until the time she chose to let them do so. “Stephen told me you had an older sister. Should she not be the one to hold Azarmon in her name?”
Anya drew small circles in the area between them, feeling the texture of the hay as she traced her pattern with her eyes. “My father’s council is made up of many different men, all strong and loyal to his name. One of them is Magus Napoleon, famous for his ability to see into the future, as well as his magical capabilities. Magus Napoleon is a godfather to us three. He provided us with the brands and he became our tutor while we were growing up. He taught Alice how to fight and he taught me how to heal. He also wrote the contract binding the names of the different kingdoms to us. He consulted with my father and only they know the true reason behind the arrangement.”
Pierre looked up at the rafters that held the barn together. “And somehow you were more fitting to hold Azarmon.”
“No Pierre,” Anya replied firmly. “The reason why Azarmon was bound to my name was because somehow Magus Napoleon knew that I would give the kingdom to you. It was to your protection that Magus Napoleon expected the kingdom to go to. At first, I thought I had been careless by being so close to you, but now I realize only love can transfer the mark. And since I don’t love you, the only reason left is that Azarmon was truly meant for you.”
“So what is this?” Pierre exclaimed. “The hand of Fate? By the stars, Anya. No man could have guessed I would be the one standing beside you at the altar tonight. And – and why would I be chosen to protect Azarmon? From your vast knowledge you would be as fitting.”
“So you agree?” She said quickly.
“To what?”
“That I alone will be enough to rule over Azarmon. I mean, I am not judging you incapable, just that I have been helping my father hold Azarmon for so long that it has become close to my heart. Once we marry, I can give you back Castolla. You will be king and you can rule however you want to. It will be like a payment for restoring my reputation. I thank you, and I’ll let you go.”
Pierre’s eyes widened in surprise. He stared at her, his pride somewhat hurt by the words she had uttered. True, he did not want her to expect anything from their marriage. He’d tasted love and women too many times in his twenty-five years. He knew they could dissolve and leave one or both parties hurting. He remembered the last woman he had promised to cherish. In the end, she had walked away on the arm of another man. And he had just watched, because he had never loved her enough to keep her. Falling for someone was one thing, but keeping her was another.
However, hearing this one girl say the words he had told so many women was hurtful. How many times had he thanked a woman and told her to go? Now he realized how much it hurt to have your affections thrown back at you without being considered.
Pierre did not know what affection he harbored for Anya du Azarmon, but something in the resolved way she talked to him about marriage, specifically their marriage, squeezed his heart. Could it be possible that he had become fond of her overnight? “I appreciate the offer, but I think it best if we work together. We may have gotten off on the wrong foot, but come on. I don’t think I’m so horrible that you would want to avoid me for the rest of your life.”
Anya let out a little laugh. “Somehow I don’t believe in the things you’re saying, Pierre. I mean, you could avoid me anytime you wanted to. I won’t blame you for doing so if you did.”
Pierre drew his brows together. “What makes you say that?”
Anya shrugged, drawing her hand back to her lap. “I know I’m not beautiful. I know very few take a second glance at me. All my life only Lord Maximilian has shown interest in me, and it’s not even true love. I don’t have stars in my eyes. I know my lot in life Pierre, and if it means I have to give up all my conceptions of a happily-ever-after for my kingdom then I will.”
“That’s not true,” Pierre said as he glanced her way. The shafts of light that sparkled through the stable windows cast a soft orange glow around her, emphasizing the sheen of her hair, the glitter hidden in her eyes and the silver layers of her gown. The play of light at her feet and at the walls behind her back provided a beautiful backdrop. How could she say she was not beautiful? “You’re blind then. I see a nymph of the highest beauty when I look into your eyes.”
Anya blushed and clutched her hands tighter, not daring to look at him. “That’s not funny. You should have seen the number of suitors Adele had at her debut. And you’ve already seen how beautiful Alice is. Sometimes… sometimes I wonder if my plainness was the reason Father put Azarmon in my care. You know, so that those nasty suitors wouldn’t grab hold of it.”
“Of course it’s not funny,” Pierre answered sincerely. He took one of her hands in his own and tilted her chin towards him, looking deep into her eyes, which held unshed tears. “It’s not funny because it’s true. I wouldn’t have kissed you otherwise.”
He had her, just like that. Her lashes lowered and her lips parted at the slightest brush of his fingertip. He knew he wanted to kiss her again. In fact, he wanted to kiss her now! He bent his head and moved closer, until he could feel her very breath on his lips, until he had both of her hands threaded through his. He pulled her as close as they could get and-
“Anya? Sir Pierre? Are you in here?” Alice called from the doorway. “Stephen and I are going to call for the village priest. You two better be ready in four hours.”
.o000o.
Two men met where a sole lamp post stood between crossroads. Both wore extensively long cloaks. To an ordinary observer, it would have been seen as a simple meeting between two travelers. It was a very common occurrence in Azarmon, for at most times travelers usually banded or paired together for a drink and a good rest once they reached civilization.
But the meeting was not about deciding where to drink or which inn to stay in for the night. It was not even a back and forth banters of the differences between their journeys.
No. this meeting between the two men was of a very different nature.
“Have you got the girl?” One man asked the other in his gruff voice.
“No,” the other replied with a voice deeper than the first man’s. If one had listened in to their conversation, one could clearly discern which was the younger and which the older. “The men you hired for me followed the wrong girl. Not to mention lost their lives in the process. From the way I see things, you’re a complete failure despite your abilities.”
“Now, now young man. If I were a complete failure, you wouldn’t still be alive today. I may have made a wrong decision by hiring common soldiers instead of the elite, but I guarantee you it would have been worse if they found out the real motives behind our attempted abduction.”
“It wouldn’t have been attempted if you listened to me in the first place!” the younger man hissed between clenched teeth. “You promised me the girl if I gave you the kingdom. We had a deal. We should’ve used my father’s soldiers.”
The older man grabbed his conspirator by his neck and raised him from the ground with a strength that should not have been possible for a man his age. “I made the deal. You simply took it. And if we had used you father’s soldiers, we would have been found out already.”
The younger man gulped, attempting to get enough air into his throat and lungs. Some of the light from the lamp post behind him landed on the hood of the man’s cloak. The older man was so covered up that the only thing he could see despite the added luminosity were his cold blue eyes. He immediately realized his mistake. What the man said was true; he had only shook hands after he heard the proposal. “Fine! Fine!” he choked.
Upon hearing the agreement, sputtered though they were, the old man released his hold and stepped back into the shadows. “Do not forget that you don’t have the kingdom yet. You need the girl to gain the kingdom. Then you give the kingdom to me and me alone.”
Rubbing his throat with his long, tapered fingers, the younger man stood up from his indignant fall. He too slunk into the shadows, afraid that a view of even the slightest fraction of his face would put him at a disadvantage. He was too concerned with worrying over his being unattended by bodyguards that he did not notice the amused chuckle his companion directed at him. He did not dare to challenge the man again. Instead, he folded his hands behind his back and looked downwards. “The princess has not arrived in Azarmon yet. I intend to gain hold of her by then.”
The older man gave a spiteful laugh. “Tsk, tsk, tsk. My dear fellow, you intend to give her the chance to walk away? By the heavens, you are a relation to the king of Pela! You have every right to court the princess and marry her. Then you could rule over your father’s kingdom.”
“But I have told you that I don’t want the throne. You can have both kingdoms, but I’ll have your princess in return. Besides, though the king calls me stepson, I guarantee that he has no tender affections for me. I’m only heir material. He didn’t even really love my mother.”
The older man smirked, though the younger could not see it beneath the shadow cast by his hood. “I must say your old man is not lucky in the field of matrimony, my boy.”
“It appears so am I.”
“You are not to worry.” The old man patted the younger one’s broad shoulder before stepping back and going to his horse, which was tied to a nearby tree. He felt through his various items before fishing out a small object that glinted in the moonlight.
“Eh, what is that?” the younger man asked without daring to come closer. He would very much like to keep his head on his body.
He was barely ready to catch the object that the elder threw at him. But he did so, and only afterwards found that what he had caught was a small vial containing a dark violet liquid. “Is this it?” he asked uncertainly, “Is this the love potion?”
“Yes. That, my boy, is a dreadfully potent infatuation-inducing potion. A mixture of brownberry and pinkpetal for sweeping out memory. I figure you can use it to do away with the princess’ bitter feelings. In the meantime, I’ll be returning to my manor and wiling away the time until Princess Adele’s wedding.”
“Why would you do that?”
“Because one, our plan of kidnapping the girl backfired. A second attempt will only alert the royal household. Two, no one must know that we are working together. The whole royal family is wary of you, but if they become wary of me there is little chance that you will get your woman. Three, I am most certain your girl will come to the wedding. She is the bride’s sister after all.”
“And how do you plan to get her alone from the castle? Many people will be watching. The area will be heavily guarded.” The young man asked, slipping the small vial into the inner pocket of his cloak.
“There will be too many people to watch over. The guards will keep a tight rein on the girl. They won’t allow her to be with anyone unless they are part of the royal household. She’ll trust me because she knows me, and nobody will bat an eyelid if I get her away. And by the time I have her, it will be too late.” The older man untied his horse and leapt on its back. “And I hope by that time, you’ll be ready to take on your role.”
The younger man patted the horse’s nose before walking past, away from the lamp post and back to the inn.
“Don’t worry. I’ll see to it.” he said with tightness in his voice.
“Make sure you do,” the old man warned after him as he kicked his horse’s side. “Or you’ll pay dearly. I control this game, lad. Remember that.”
The old man rode back to his manor, not looking back. It was as if the conversation had never been at all.
.o000o.
The ceremony had been lovely, Anya thought.
Earlier, at the start of sunset, Anya walked her way down the aisle of the Castollan temple. She had changed her silver gown into a velvet buttery-cream sleeveless dress with pearls and gold-embroidered flowers at the square neckline. The skirt paled and flared as it progressed downwards, hiding her glass-slippered feet from view.
Pierre had been dressed in a gold jacket that fit to his body like a second skin. Its lapels were embroidered with black vines, as were the cuffs with shiny gold links. His legs were encased in what must have been the most expensive black breeches and knee-high black boots, going nicely with his dark hair. The gold buttons running on the outer sides of the boots glinted as the sun’s last rays fell on him from a round window above the temple altar.
Anya thought that he was the picture of the perfect groom. Mayhap she could imagine, at least once in her life, that her wedding was real. Her wedding was not a coincidence, not Fate’s decision. Mayhap she could pretend that the man standing there, waiting for her with a hint of a smile on his face, was a real anxious-excited groom waiting for his lady love.
She put a brave, indifferent front, narrating the legend of the first Man and Woman when the priest told her to do so. She blocked out Pierre’s voice as he repeated the original vow of honor that the first Man had said to Woman. And, despite her hand being cold, she did not flinch when the priest pricked her finger and let a drop of her blood fall on the temple fountain to join with Pierre’s.
“Now these two have been joined by time, words and blood,” the priest had said. “If there is anyone who wishes to stop this marriage, then speak your grounds.” And since only Alice, Stephen and Wendell were in attendance as witnesses, nobody had really been there to object. The priest let them proceed with the final part of the ceremony. He put their hands together and Pierre kissed her; on the eyes, on the forehead, on the lips; the representation of union by body.

 That part of the ceremony was always Anya’s favorite to watch. She had seen friends and relatives marry. She had seen how lovingly a man held his love’s hands, how solemn and chaste his kisses were. That was the way Pierre had done it. And even though it was all an act, she was at least thankful that she had felt, even for just a fraction of time, adored.
Yes, the ceremony had been lovely, but tonight it was all coming to an end.
Anya shook her head to concentrate on the present. She hugged herself, pulling her cream and beige stole tighter. She was about to knock on the royal bedroom’s door, but Pierre opened it from the other side before she could do anything.
By the heavens! The man was still handsome as ever, even with the way his clothes were messed up. His jacket hung over one shoulder, and one front side of his crisp, white shirt was sticking out. The top buttons of his shirt were unconnected, thus putting his wide chest directly in front of Anya’s view. He had rolled his breeches to the knees and pulled his boots off, showing off the sculpted calves he had behind his legs.
“Um,” Anya started, almost forgetting what she was about to say. Darn this blasted attraction, she cursed to herself.
“Coming to bed?” Pierre said in a soft, sensual voice.
Anya gulped and tried to meet his eyes despite the fact that her cheeks could be as red as strawberries. “Um, well, yes – I mean no!”
Pierre raised a brow and folded his hands in front of his chest, causing his shirt to stretch, exposing more of his chest and arm muscles.
“I – it’s not what you think. Yes, I am ready to come to bed. But not with you. Never with you.”
“Oh? And I suppose you’ll be sleeping on the floor?”
“Yes. Fine.” she said after several breathless seconds, resolved to do anything to make it so.
Pierre huffed in anger. “For goodness sake, Anya. We’re both old enough to go about this. If you’re not ready for anything between us, then I understand. But it doesn’t mean we can’t sleep on that bed, side by side, without touching each other. We’ve already done so before and nothing happened.”
“But it’s different now!” Anya protested.
“How is it different?”
“I – know you and you – well, I – I think it’s not enough that we know each other.  I don’t love you Pierre.” she finished lamely.
“Oh for crying out loud! We are not going to do anything! What would make you think that not being in love has anything to do about –” he tugged on his jacket and marched out the room, past Anya. “Forget it. I’m sleeping in the library. Good night Anya du Azarmon et de Castolla. I don’t love you too.”
The moment Pierre turned the corner towards the main steps, Anya released the breath that she did not know she had been holding. She congratulated herself for avoiding the dreaded wedding night. But why oh why did the man’s last statement make her feel that her heart had been torn in two?
I don’t love you too.
. o 0 C H A P T E R 5 0 o .
“We build on the west side of the village,” Anya said as she spread out a map of Castolla over Pierre’s mahogany-colored study table. It was two days after the wedding, and they had not said more than ‘good morning’ and ‘hello’ since the disastrous wedding night.
“No.”
Pierre’s instant refusal pulled Anya out of her thoughts. “But the west side is closer to more homes than the east!” she argued, pointing to the section of bare land she wanted the medical center to be built upon.
“I said no.”
“For your information, I was the one who started this project. I assumed that I would be spearheading it.”
“Stephen and I used to play in that area of the village every sunny season. And only during the sunny season, because the place floods like the devil when the rains come. That’s why the houses there are raised on posts. I say-” he pointed to another bare area a relatively longer distance from the village central plaza, “we build here. It’s higher ground, not to mention closer to the caravan road. It’ll be easier to restock medical supplies if the caravan can reach it.”
Anya glared at him, then at his forefinger obnoxiously pointing to the spot on the map. “How are the people, in the case of an immediate emergency, going to get to the center if it’s so far away from the village?”
“Parakeets,” Pierre said with a sense of confidence. “Enchanted parakeets.”
Anya knew about how other kingdoms, due to difficult transportation, used parakeets to relay important information. Enchanted parakeets, or those that have been spellbound and trained by enchanters, not only knew how to repeat human words but also understood what was being told to them. They could also identify one person from another.
But Anya knew that one enchanted parakeet cost nearly one thousand and seven hundred Azars, or something like three thousand and four hundred Castols. This was the very reason that her father did not demand every Azarmonian household have one, knowing not all Azarmonian families could afford the animal. And besides, Azarmon was located on flat land, and almost all farmers had a pair of workhorses. Travelling was never difficult. If Azarmonians couldn’t afford the living convenience, then how could the Castollans? “And how, pray tell, will we be able to buy the villagers enchanted parakeets?”
“We need only one,” Pierre answered. “The watchtower in the middle of the plaza is accessible to every house in the village. In case of an emergency, a parakeet stationed at the tower can be sent to the center to fetch a healer. Surely we can afford even just one bird?”
Anya looked out the window, weighing the pros and cons of Pierre’s suggestion. She had to admit, the plan was as flawless as it could be. “Fine. I’m leaving you to take charge of getting us a parakeet. But I will oversee the building.”
“You are a stubborn over-calculating dictator, my sweeting.”
“And you,” Anya said while darting an annoyed glance at his smug smile, “are an arrogant counselor with impeccable timing, your highness.”
“Perhaps that’s why we were Fated. We share the same impeccable characters, excluding your lovely eyes.”
“Perhaps you’ve got a big head,” Anya said as she collected the map, rolled it and tucked it under one arm. She heard his deep chuckle as she exited the study, and she knew that a small smile graced her face after having been tense for a long while.
“Anya! Thank goodness I found you,” Alice called just as Anya was about to open the library door across the study’s.
She looked to her left, to find Alice dressed in a pale blue gown similar to hers. Her twin was panting as if slowing down from a long run. “What is it?” Anya asked, walking towards her sister as she was taking deep breaths.
“Father’s horses just arrived. And Prince Colin and his soldiers delivered them.”
“Prince Colin is here?” Anya asked, almost dropping the map to the floor. “Alice, you must keep him from the castle. Only until I could tell Colin that the next Castollan king is here. And remember, he doesn’t know about the wedding, so I have to talk to him about this too.”
“Talk to me about what?” Prince Colin appeared at the corner of the hallway, his honey-blond hair and emerald eyes coinciding with his amber and emerald jacket.
.o000o.
Colin looked form one twin to the other, easily recognizing which one of them was who. The different shades of hair and eyes were a dead giveaway. Alice looked stunning in the pale blue gown, the sapphire stones sewed onto the hem and cropped sleeves making her beauty sparkle. Anya too looked amazing. Surprisingly, the paleness of the dress and the diamonds embedded in intricate patterns on her bodice contrasted wonderfully with her glossy hair. It was such a pity no suitor wanted her hand. If they only knew that she was the real maiden bound to Azarmon, they would not look anywhere else. Then again, it was a poor reason for marriage. Colin was nine-and-twenty, and he had no intention of letting love pass by.
“What’s happening to both of you?” he approached the gaping sisters. “This is the first time I’ve visited without getting so much as a hug. I’ve never seen you two so still. And speechless.”
“Oh Colin,” Alice recovered first. “Of course we’re speechless. We weren’t expecting you to deliver the horses.” With this she rushed to Colin’s arms and hugged him.
“Well, I’m expecting both of you to come back with me so that you can catch the wedding ceremony and festival. Your father, unfortunately, is stuck in an important kingdom affair,” He patted Alice’s shoulder and took her hand, placing it on his elbow as he made his way to the other sister. “The engagement festival was a success, but it wasn’t the same without you two. Adele also wishes both of you to come as soon as possible. What do you say, Anya? Can you neglect a few duties to leave early?”
“I don’t know, Colin.” Anya stated uneasily. Colin had been a family friend for as long as she could remember, and it was always very difficult for her to deny anything he asked for. “I have a building I need to plan, not to mention the farmers I need to schedule with the horses. There’s also the upcoming caravan, and the rains-”
“Oh come on, sugar plum,” Colin cuddled her, his usual way of greeting. “Please, please, please!”
“Well-”
“Get away from my wife!”
Anya gasped as the tip of a sword cut through the space between her and Colin, the latter looking so shocked that he opened and closed his mouth like a fish. She turned to her left and met Pierre’s burning eyes. The man was outraged! “Anya, who is this?”
“You know her?” Colin addressed the question to the newcomer. And then – “Wait. Anya, who is he?”
“I asked first!” The other answered. “Anya, who is he? Is he your lover?”
“You have no right to insult me and Princess Anya that way, young man.”
“And you have no right and reason to hold MY WIFE the way you just did now!”
“Wife? You’re married? The two of you?! I don’t even know you!”
“And I don’t know you! So how dare you enter my castle without my permission?!”
“Your castle?!”
“STOP!!!” Alice, feeling that she had been left out for too long, held out her hands to keep both men away from each other and interrupted the argument. “Stop it, both of you. Colin, meet Sir Pierre de Castolla, future king to this land. Pierre, this is Prince Colin de Auria, bridegroom to our sister Princess Adele. Now put down that sword before you hurt anyone!”
Pierre lowered his sword, causing Colin to breathe in relief and wonder. “You two are married? Since when?”
“Two days ago,” Pierre said as he sheathed his sword and pulled Anya into his arms, claiming and protecting her at the same time. Colin saw the barely contained jealousy in his eyes and the matching embarrassment in his future sister-in-law’s. He guessed that if this was not a love match, it would be pretty soon. “Your Highness,” Pierre continued, “Princess Anya is now Anya du Azarmon et de Castolla. Future queen of this land, and my wife.”
“Then congratulations is in order,” Colin said, not taking his eyes off of the man. “And I have to warn you, de Castolla. Take care of her. There’s only one Anya in this world, and she’s a jewel.”
Pierre laid his head over hers and did not let go of his hold. He closed his eyes as if to imprint in his mind the sensations of holding the princess. “Don’t I know it.”
“As proven. Impeccable timing…” Anya murmured as she buried her face in his jacket to hide the hot blush of her cheeks.
Colin looked to Alice, whose only response to the ebbing jealousy in Pierre and silent ire in Anya was a nonchalant shrug and raised brow. He may not have known how this unusual and hasty marriage between, from what he guessed, two complete strangers to each other came about, but he was sure it came about for a reason.
He realized that Alice was not one bit disappointed with the match, nor totally elated. If the marriage had come about as a tactic to seize Castolla from Azarmon’s hold, then Alice would have assembled the Azarmonian soldiers by now. This was a strange marriage indeed. But before he could ask its nature, an even younger man in a tan shirt and dark brown breeches entered the hall.
“Hey! What did I miss?”
“Colin,” Pierre said, “may I present to you my half-brother, Sir Stephen du Castolla.”
.o000o.
The air was filled with tension as Princesses Anya and Alice, Sirs Pierre and Stephen and Prince Colin seated themselves at the dining table. The kitchen servants, upon knowing that their masters were to receive the very first visitor to the castle, outdid themselves by preparing many various dishes. There was rabbit and chicken soup, lamb chops dripped with sauce, crisp vegetables smothered with cream and all kinds of sweetmeats. Dessert consisted of custard and caramel cake, as well as peach and apple pie and butter tarts with cherries on top.
If it had not been for Pierre and Colin’s chance encounter that morning, Anya would have had more enthusiasm in commenting on the excellent food choices that cook listed on the menu. As it was, she had energy only for a murmur of her appreciation. The rest of her energy was coiled like a spring inside her, waiting to be used for an attempt at stopping the next confrontation between her husband and friend.
Her husband. It was strange that she finally thought of someone as hers. For a brief moment earlier that morning, she swore that he had been not only jealous, but worried her heart was already captured. By Prince Colin, no less! If only Pierre knew how when they were little, she and her twin were the ones who secretly caused the prince and Adele’s ‘chance encounters’ during Azarmonian Festivals. Up to this day, Adele called them the ‘royal matchmakers.’
“You two were so clever to set Colin and I up,” she once commented, “that I don’t quite understand why you never set yourselves up. In my opinion, husbands would be able to temper your penchant for mischief.”
Anya giggled abruptly, forgetting that she was having dinner with two amused warriors and two men glaring at each other from across different sides of the table. Alice raised her brow in curiosity, as did Stephen. The two men momentarily interrupted their glaring competition to look at her too.
“Anya?” Colin asked from beside Alice, who was sitting across from her.
“It was nothing Colin,” she said feeling a little embarrassed. “I just remembered a few childhood memories.”
“Ah, yes!” Alice interrupted, pointing her fork at her sister. It seemed she still had not developed impeccable table manners despite being in the royal court all their lives. “I distinctly remember the pranks we used to pull on poor Colin.”
“Exactly what pranks?” Stephen asked, shoving another piece of meat into his mouth by fork.
Colin glared at Alice, daring her to tell any of his humiliating secrets.
“What?!” Alice pleaded, “If it wasn’t for my efforts at making a fool out of you, then you would not have received Adele’s sympathy and she would not have thought you cute and fallen in love with you.”
“And she would not have decided to marry you,” Pierre took a drink from his wine goblet and wiped at his mouth with a cloth napkin. He tossed the napkin down on the table, signaling that he was through with dinner. “What day is the wedding, by the way?”
“Three days from now,” Colin focused on Anya. “If you can get your things ready tonight, we can reach Azarmon at around this time. Presuming we can leave early in the morning, unless you prefer sleeping in?”
“Now why would I sleep in?” Anya asked, the puzzlement in her voice and face evident.
Colin stared at her first, then erupted into such a loud round of laughter that Alice and Stephen, who was seated to Alice’s left, looked at each other in bewilderment. “You’re telling me,” the prince said, “that you rose at cock-crow after the wedding night? Anya, you are something! Or maybe there was something wrong with lover-boy?”
Anya heard a low growl beside her. She turned and saw, to her horror, Pierre’s face turning into a thunderstorm. She had to take matters into her hands before anything got out of control. Clearing her voice, she dropped her utensils on her plate and sat straighter in her chair. “Colin, that’s enough. We’re not at father’s castle, therefore it’s rude and downright disgusting to talk of such things over the dinner table, especially when there’s still an unmarried lady present.
“You of all people should know better than to meddle into my affairs, especially my relationship with my husband. Plus, Pierre does not deserve to be insulted at his own table. If I were you, I’d apologize to him before either Stephen or Alice beheads you.”
Colin’s eyes widened. “Of – of course. Pierre, I am so sorry. I was only trying to make a joke. I didn’t mean to meddle with anything! It’s just that I’m so used to discussing random topics with Anya that I sometimes forget myself.”
Anya discreetly let out her breath under cover of her napkin when she realized that Pierre begun to cool down. “No offense taken, right Pierre?” she said, answering Colin and beseeching Pierre to agree at the same time.
“Of course. None taken,” Pierre said.
Anya was about to resume finishing off her tart when she felt a hand slip atop her knee. She glanced at Pierre and met his eyes, which were focused on her and her alone. She did not know why, but she impulsively reached under the table to rest it atop his hand. He quickly turned it palm up, and interlocked their fingers. The pad of his thumb caressed the back of hers, and she felt tingles shoot from the tender, intimate gesture.
Pierre smiled at her. He mouthed a thank you for stopping what could have been a messy brawl. Anya smiled back and let herself imagine that she was actually having a normal dinner with her loving husband and close friends. In truth, she and her indifferent husband were deceiving the close friend. They weren’t actually in love. They certainly hadn’t married for love. They didn’t even share the same bedroom.
Anya gasped. “Pierre, I forgot to mention something to you earlier today.”
Pierre raised a brow. But Anya ignored him and pulled him out of the dining room before their guest and siblings could say anything. “What have you forgotten? Is it about the health facility?”
Anya stopped when they reached the stairs that led to the upper floor of the castle. “Pierre, you have to get your things from the guest bedroom.”
“Why?”
“Why? WHY?! We have to sleep together tonight!”
.o000o.
Anya rolled to her back, feeling rather sore after hastily and silently helping Pierre transfer his things into the royal bedroom. Sure there were three other bedrooms that they could stick Colin in, but Anya was not about to reveal the nature of their wedding. She needed to make Colin think that she and Pierre was a couple. Even if it meant helping the servants lug Pierre’s trunks to speed things up.
Anya looked to her side and noticed that Pierre was wide awake too, staring at the canopy with his hands behind his head. And as if sensing that she was staring at him, Pierre turned his head in her direction and smiled. “Now this isn’t so bad, is it?” he asked, “Like I said before. We can lie in this bed and not touch each other, like complete adults.”
“I could have slept on the floor,” Anya muttered as she rolled away from him. But Pierre caught her arm and pulled her to her back again.
“Or I could have chained you to the bed like I did on the first night we met,” he chuckled when she scowled at him and made herself as comfortable as she could without any parts of their body touching. “You haven’t told me much about yourself. And mind telling me about Lord Maximilian? I reckon from Alice and Pierre that you saved him from drowning in a river. I assume he was a past love?”
Anya almost laughed at the evident displeasure on his face. Instead she snorted and pulled the coverlet tighter around her. Even in the dark of night, with the embers from the fireplace barely illuminating the room, she felt uncomfortable lying next to Pierre. Even if she had her thickest camisole and leggings under her chemise, she felt more than naked. And the fact that Pierre was bare-chested above his black hose was not helping her get sleepy. “There’s no chance in time that he was ever a past love. Nor will he be a present or future one.”
“Care to explain why you’re so opposed to him?” Pierre had moved closer. She could sense just by the body heat that was hitting her left side. Anya ignored the sudden temperature change and swallowed before explaining.
“I met Lord Maximilian during my tenth birthday. Even then, Alice and I hated dressing up in frilly outfits, so we decided to skip the dancing and head out for adventure. At that time, father and Magus Napoleon were busy writing up our debut contract, so nobody noticed that we sneaked out of the castle.
Lord Maximilian, who was to be one of our guests, also strayed out of the castle and into the forest. Unluckily, he didn’t know that a rogue wolf lived in the part of the forest where he chose to explore. He was chased into the river, and almost drowned when he went over a small waterfall. Thankfully, Alice and I were able to swim over and rescue him before he got more than a broken leg.
“He stayed at the castle for nearly a month because of his injury, and was rude to everyone he met. Even Alice and I couldn’t take his foul disposition. But a week after he left to return to his stepfather’s kingdom, he came back and hung out with us. At first we would not hear of it, but father and Magus Napoleon insisted we let him in our circle of friends. Ever since then, he’s been a thorn in my side. He’ll be much more so now that somebody actually married me before he could.”
Pierre remained silent all through her story. And when he continued to remain so, she glanced over at him and raised one brow. “What?”
“He’s a strange one. First he doesn’t like you and then he suddenly turns the other way and is infatuated with you. If I were in your place, I would have slapped him in the face.”
Anya shivered. She had, on multiple times, did even more than just slap him in the face. But the man hadn’t cared. In fact, he had seemed to enjoy the painful attention after attempts to kiss her. “I don’t want to talk about him anymore, especially when he’s obviously planning something bigger to have me this time. He makes me too nervous.”
“Alright. What else should we talk about?” Pierre lifted himself onto one elbow and studied her. If the curtains had been drawn, Anya would have had a better view of his chest.
Anya blushed and looked away, even though it was too dark for him to see any change in color on her cheeks. “Can we talk about you?”
She did not expect him to agree to the topic immediately, being a bastard son and all. She had heard rumors that Kildare fathered a boy on his housemaid, but she had not believed. Funny that now she was married to the person she thought did not exist. His voice was low and soft, droning and rolling like a tender lullaby. He explained about his past, his half-brother, even the scarce encounters with his father.
Anya yawned and instinctively rolled to the warmer part of the bed. Pierre’s voice faded as she allowed sleep to take her – and Pierre to wrap her securely in his arms.
. o 0 C H A P T E R 6 0 o .
You have to protect Azarmon. It is your destiny.
How can I?
The only way you can protect Azarmon is if you protect her. Is if you love her.
Protect who? Love who?
Only your heart can tell you who. But you must, else Azarmon and Castolla will be lost to you. Else she will be lost to you. Beware king, for many deceptions will come your way.
Pierre briskly opened his eyes, almost blinding himself to the sun’s rays seeping through the balcony beside the bed. He squinted and tried to lift his right arm above his eyes to block the light. But he found that he could not move it. Anya, who was still fast asleep and pressed head to foot by his side, was using it as a pillow.
Her beautifully messy hair blanketed his upper arm, and her parted lips breathed in and out near his collar bone. One of her arms was slung over his waist, and both her legs were sandwiching his thigh. Every breath she took caused her chest and stomach to make contact with his side. And her chemise had ridden up to reveal her legs, soft and delicate just like the rest of her. Pierre groaned. Waking up to her form almost crawling all over him was too provoking.
“Anya? Anya?” he whispered close to her ear so that she would not be startled. But she would not wake, and so he had to raise himself on the pillows and gently shake her by the shoulder. “Anya, sweeting, we have to get up.”
Anya murmured something about ‘not going to hunt no squirrels in the morning,’ and pressed closer, burying her head in that warm space between Pierre’s jaw and shoulder. Pierre lifted her head and called her again, this time running his hand over the length of her arm. Anya yawned. Her eyelids lifted slowly.
“Good morning, sweeting. Did you sleep well?” Pierre asked, his hand still moving over the same somewhat safe territory.
“Yes,” she said in a hoarse morning voice. Then more sharply exclaimed an “Oh!” when she realized where her hands and legs have strayed. “I’m sorry,” she apologized as she wiggled away from him. “I didn’t know I was moving a lot.”
She blushed and sat up, then started pulling down her chemise to cover her limbs. Pierre turned to his side and watched her as she fussed over herself. It was so amusing, the way she rambled and flushed in embarrassment.
“I sometimes tend to move a lot in my sleep, especially when I think too much before I do. But I just can’t seem to not think about anything before I go to sleep. And usually when I think, I…” The only way to protect Azarmon is if you protect her.
“Did I kick you? I don’t know if I kick in my dreams too, but Alice usually does. And it hurts sometimes. I’m so sorry if I did. I assure you I didn’t know…” Is if you love her.
“My mother has been to the healers to ask if they can do anything about my moving in my sleep, but they told her it was normal. Or so mother told me. Father says so too, so I think that it’s normal…” Only your heart can tell you who.
“Come here,” Pierre said as he himself sat up and stayed where she had lain. The dream had never been clearer. He needed to take her now. It was his destiny, his duty. It was the way things were supposed to be. Anya had already accepted her role. She had slept beside him, had she not? And he was eager to accept his too.
“W-what?” Anya stuttered, letting go of her chemise and gawking at him.
“I said ‘come here’,” Pierre replied.
“I don’t unders-”
Pierre pulled her into his arms so fast that Anya let out a little yelp before being smothered with a kiss so smoldering she had no time to react with anger.
Pierre tasted her lips, those delicate rose petals that had tempted him since the day he met her. His sudden outburst of passion mellowed when Anya tried to pull away. He replaced the blazing trail of his mouth with the mellow press of lips against lips. And then the woman realized that the sudden fire of his desire diffused into the gentle glow of fondness.
Her lips parted for him, her hands pulled at his shoulders to draw him closer, even though she was already crushed to his front and caged in his arms. But still he obliged, pressing against her until they outbalanced and tumbled, he on top of her, she between warm body and downy pillows.
“Oh Anya,” Pierre breathed, not once stopping his tender attack, “You’re so beautiful, so very beautiful. Anya, sweeting… my sweeting… mine.”
“Pierre… please, no,” she said even as she tangled her fingers through the dark hair at the nape of his neck.
“Why not? Oh Anya. My sweet, sweet Anya. I adore you. Will you not let me show you how much?” Pierre struggled to keep his needs in check. He decided that it would be better for the both of them if he proceeded carefully instead of rushing and getting it done with.
“Let me love you as the sun rises,” he whispered in her ear, causing her to gasp.
Somehow he managed to claim her mouth again without rousing her anger. But as he decided to finally allow his tongue to rove where his lips had caressed, something salty landed on its tip. He stopped, raising himself to look at her. To look on those dark, dark eyes where tears fell from one by one. “Anya? You’re crying?”
“I-” Anya sniffedl, “I know what you’re doing. It’s okay. I know you don’t love me, so you don’t have to pretend. I’m so sorry that I denied you. That was cruel of me. But it’s okay. Really. Let’s just get this over with.”
Pierre stared, and then frowned bitterly. He lifted himself from above her and cursed as he crawled to the end of the bed. He picked up the shirt he had worn the night before and shrugged into it, all the while cursing. All the while angry. And all the while not knowing what had set him off. Perhaps it was the way he had handled things, not allowing her to make the first move. Or Perhaps he was angry at her, for talking about being intimate like it was just another one of the errands she had to finish for the day.
“Did – did I say something wrong?”
He glanced over his shoulder, at his wife who was now sitting in the middle of the bed. For all her speech and martyrdom, she now looked like a dejected child. Her teary face was far from the drowsy beauty that had awakened at his touch. Pierre’s heart shattered just looking at her. How he wished that she loved him. But he himself did not even know if he loved her. “No, you didn’t. It was just the shock of the morning. I’ll go down for breakfast and then pack for Azarmon. You can sleep in for as long as you want. Your choice.”
.o000o.
The carriage rambled through the thick forest separating Whiteweed Plateau from the rest of the world. It was here Anya roused from a fitful nap that had not lessened the ache in her confused heart. Before her, Alice was still fast asleep. Her twin’s head was cradled on one of Stephen’s folded jackets, while the rest of her was curled on top of the leather seat.
Despite the seemingly angelic pose of her twin, Anya knew that Alice would sit up alert at the slightest sign of danger. For now, she rested. Anya cautiously poked her head out of the carriage and glanced up at the sky. The span of sky and clouds were tinged orange, hinting that it was already close to sunset. Three more hours and they would be above Whiteweed Plateau, where Azarmon stood proud.
It was, in her opinion, a beautiful kingdom. Unlike Castolla, whose buildings were made of sturdy wood and sometimes stone pillars coated thinly with gold-leaf, Azarmon was a proud assembly of establishments and houses, all with white brick walls and white columns. White sapphire decorated every silver-coated surface, and roofs gleamed with shiny red slates. Dark brown or black wood framed every fretted window. The season's flowers spilled over every flower bed. Lush trees dotted the farming fields at intervals. All these were enclosed and protected by a wall seven meters thick and manned by the royal soldiers and warriors.
And beyond the main gate of the wall was the road down the plateau, the road that they wanted to arrive at before nightfall. The road that intersected the wide fields of Whiteweed, the rarest of the herbal plants that grew anywhere else but surprisingly sprouted in abundance on the plateau.
It was necessary for members of the council and the royal household to have some sort of magical degree. Magus Napoleon, for instance, developed a sense of clairvoyance which he used to aid her father. Alice had been trained as a Warrior, her intuition the key to the lightning speed at which she moved during battles. Enchanters used persuasion, as well as several other tricks, to control other beings and bend them to their whims. Healers, such as her, used their photographic memories for memorizing herbal recipes that could help others. And Anya was skilled at recounting available remedies for common illnesses.
Whiteweed was, as she had been taught during her schooling years, a remedy for skin abrasions and wounds. Other plants, such as Redroot and Pinkpetal, were familiar to her too. She used her knowledge to aid the soldiers during war between Azarmon and other kingdoms. The latest war, the one with Castolla, resulted in very little mortalities, mostly by accident. For this she was grateful.
But above all the things that she had done, the healings that she had performed and the prayers she offered for those who were not so lucky, her role as an Azarmonian princess came first. She knew that someday she would have to be married off; she would bear the next heir to Azarmon, and to another kingdom. Suddenly, her simple role seemed like such a daunting task. She much preferred roving over the battlefields and hefting scarred soldiers to safety over having to sit idly on a throne.
Anya sighed. She closed the curtain of the carriage window after settling back in her seat. She could hear the pounding of horses’ hooves even though she was fully enclosed by the carriage. Somewhere behind them, Pierre, Stephen and Prince Colin were mounted and riding with the royal soldiers sent to escort them back to the kingdom.
Since the disastrous incident that morning, Anya had not received a word from Pierre. The man now freely conversed with her twin and was able to make several comments addressed to the Prince. But why in the name of the stars had he not talked to her? Or even merely greeted her at the breakfast table?
“Sis? What are you thinking of?”
Anya was startled. She looked at her twin, who was already sitting up and awaiting her answer. “Nothing,” she replied, “just letting my mind wander off. What about you? I haven’t asked about what you’ve been doing lately. I heard from Wendell that you’ve been spending a lot of time with Sir Stephen.”
Alice huffed. “Only because the man seems to be getting into difficult situations. I watch him so he doesn’t pull any mischief. I don’t trust him that much. And I can’t believe he eats with his bare unwashed hands after sparring with the Castollan soldiers.”
“Oh please, Alice. It’s not like we didn’t used to do that when nobody was watching.”
“But he ate like a pig! None of the manners and finesse of the royal court. And he acts like one too, strutting here and there like he owns the place.”
“Technically, he does own the place. His half-brother is the future king. And don’t forget that despite being raised in the Castollan castle for an amount of years, his mother was just a servant. He’s not expected to turn into a complete dandy. And you should be thankful he lent you that ‘pillow’ you’re sleeping on. Otherwise your coiffure would have turned into a bird’s nest.”
Alice unfolded the jacket, ticked off a few invisible particles and refolded it carelessly. “Still I don’t like him that much. I mean, I could never imagine him fit into the Azarmonian court, playing the nice aristocratic gentleman from Castolla.”
Anya giggled, and then quickly used her gloved hand to stifle it. “Oh Alice. You never change. You’re still masking your infatuation with anger. Someday you’ll be surprised by how people can be so different from what you perceive them to be.”
“Like how you were surprised that the arrogant bastard king of Castolla could be quite a kisser?” Alice replied slyly.
Anya did not reply, but in her mind she knew the answer. Yes, it was an unexpected, astonishing surprise.
.o000o.
King Malcolm watched from the staircase descending into the courtyard as the gate was opened for the return of his daughters. Behind him, Olivia chewed on her thumb while waiting with him. “Come now, my love. You don’t look attractive biting off your nail like that,” he said as he turned around to pull her hand away from her teeth. She looked so attractive in her dark red gown with gold embroidery at the sleeves and waist even for her advanced age.
He pulled her closer to him using his right hand holding hers, at the same time spreading his red cloak over her shoulders with the other hand. He enveloped her in his arms under the shared cloak and looked into her eyes. Olivia looked at him with the smile that he fell in love with many years ago. He hand-picked her from the women of the court despite her refusal, and the first few months of their stay in Azarmon castle had been hair-raising. There were petty arguments and misunderstandings, not to mention vases crashing against the walls and dishes shattering like rainfall. But soon they came to an understanding and eventually found the love and passion that they so craved.
He didn’t know his wife would have a strong throwing arm. He chuckled at the memory, causing Olivia to frown slightly and raise her thumb to her lips again. Malcolm always considered that a cute gesture, but did not like the anxiety hidden behind it. He again retrieved his wife’s hand and enclosed it in his. “I was just thinking about the silly things we used to throw at each other, figuratively and literally speaking. What about you, Livy? Your daughters are coming back to Azarmon. You should be happy.”
“But Mali, the lookout soldiers said that there are more men on horseback accompanying them here. Shouldn’t we be suspicious?”
“Nonsense, Livy-Love,” he reassured her with an arm slung over her shoulder. “Prince Colin is with them, as are my most trusted soldiers. They’ll be fine. Look. Here comes their carriage now.”
The carriage went below the raised portcullis, followed by thirteen men, two of which rode beautiful Trakehners. One of them rode a chestnut Trak, keeping to the end of the procession. The other, regal-looking in a suit of dark green, was atop a black Trak and riding on Colin’s side. Malcolm shrugged off his uncertainty at meeting the two gentlemen and proceeded down the steps with Olivia right behind him. He reached the paved drive as the carriage stopped abruptly.
Colin stopped as well, closer to him than the carriage. His riding companion halted several feet behind him. “Your Highness?”
Malcolm smiled at the young man, his soon-to-be son-in-law. Adele was lucky to marry for love. And Colin was an even luckier man to have his Adele. “I see by that tilt of your mouth that you’ve delivered my daughters safely. I trust there were no complications along the way?”
“Hardly, Sir. They’re both in one piece, and grumpy from having been forced to ride the carriage instead of their horses. They seem to value the scenery more than their safety.”
“Oh dear. You better hide while you still can. Especially from Alice,” Olivia quipped. “She has a mean throwing arm.” She shot a taunting look at her husband.
Colin grimaced, causing his horse to jump a bit. He shook his head to clear his thoughts and gestured to the two strangers to come forward. “By the way, I have very fresh news to say to you. This is-”
Before he could introduce the two men with him, the loud bang of the wooden door above the courtyard steps and the high squeal of a delighted Azarmonian princess rang out. Adele rushed from the castle interior and down the steps, not minding how the drive’s dust would stick to the hem of her pale caramel gown. “Cole! You’re back!”
Colin grinned, jumped from his horse and eagerly sprinted to his fiancée, catching her in his arms and swinging her around in a circle. The two lovebirds shamelessly kissed right in front of everyone, causing the servants to smile their approval.
“Oh Mali,” Olivia sighed, “children these days. Not a decent bone in them.”
But before Malcolm could reply to his wife’s observation, the dark-haired man on the black horse approached him with a respectful, somehow cautious gaze. Malcolm smiled and raised his hand in salute. “Greetings, young man. You’re a friend of Colin?”
The man forced a smile upon his face and returned the salute. “Yes, a recent friend.”
The king frowned. “Recent?”
“Yes. I’m more acquainted with your daughter.”
“Who?” Olivia interrupted curiously. “Adele?”
“No. I meant my wife Anya.”
.o000o.
“Pardon?” Malcolm asked at the same time that the other man he still did not know descended his own horse and opened the door to the carriage. From his viewpoint he could see his two daughters descending, noting the dark green gown Anya wore. The swirling embroidery of gold and silver flowers running the whole length of the gown’s front, right from the turtleneck collar to the frothy skirt, exactly matched the pattern on the dark-haired man’s jacket sleeves. “Are you implying that my youngest daughter is married to you?”
“I was not implying, Your Highness,” The man said in a neutral voice. “My name is Sir Pierre de Castolla, the future king of said kingdom once I can be crowned by my wife. Over there is my brother Sir Stephen.”
Malcolm barely heard his explanation, as his gaze was riveted to his youngest daughter, who seemed hesitant to approach them. So instead of rushing to her and hugging her, he proceeded to question the man before him. “Anya never mentioned that she was holding certain affections for anyone.”
Pierre descended his horse and moved closer to the royal couple, holding up his palm for their inspection. “You could say that Fate was the one with the affections for me.”
The half of the wing brand on his palm astounded King Malcolm. And Olivia gasped in surprise beside him. She did not know the whole story behind the tattoo, but she had been assured by both Malcolm and Napoleon that the man who wore it would be deserving of Anya. Malcolm pursed his lips and rubbed his bearded jaw. Even though he was close to fifty and his hair was graying, his athletic physique remained intact. This factor of his appearance intimidated most people, but he could see that Pierre was not unsettled one bit. “Alright. You’ve convinced me, young man.” He took a quick look at Anya. “Have you been treating her well?”
Pierre gulped. “I’ve never had a wife before, but I think I’m doing it right.”
It was an honest answer, and Malcolm was mildly amused at his insecurity. He wanted to smile, but let out a small cough instead and held out his hand for a shake. “Yes, she’s a bit difficult. She doesn’t have her twin’s temper, but sometimes her practicality can be quite overwhelming.”
Pierre grasped his hand and nodded, though a bit of a frown crossed his face. “I try my best to cope.”
“And I say you’re coping extremely well,” The queen held out her hand too. “I can see she hasn’t ordered Alice to burn you at the stake yet. I’m Olivia by the way, Queen of Azarmon. And that over there, hugging the life from poor Prince Colin, is my eldest daughter Adele du Azarmon.”
Malcolm sighed with relief discreetly. Olivia’s acceptance of Pierre as their son-in-law was the signal for Anya to come closer.
She made her way to Pierre’s side and smiled tentatively at him when he took her hand. Malcolm raised a brow at his wife, but all she did was shrug and caress her daughter’s cheek. “Greetings, my Anya. You chose a delightful man in this one.”
His daughter blushed. “There wasn’t a lot of choosing involved, mother. But he is somehow delightful.”
Malcolm took his daughter’s hand in his and looked her in the eye. “It’s wonderful to finally have you back, my daughter. We’ll leave you and your husband alone for now so that you can settle in. But I plan to have a word with you two after dinner. Magus Napoleon has missed you.”
Anya smiled genuinely this time. “No need to talk in riddles, father,” She looked to her husband. “Pierre already knows.”
. o 0 C H A P T E R 7 0 o .
Alice pulled her red hair into a tight ponytail at her back. She walked out of the castle’s great hall and stepped into the courtyard, where one of the stable boys was preparing her horse for an evening ride. She momentarily closed her eyes and breathed in the scent of the night air. She knew that Magus Napoleon, Father, Pierre and her sister were holding a meeting at this very moment, the reason why she chose to stay out of their way. Her mother had retired to the royal chambers, and Adele was somewhere about the castle with Colin. Since she did not want to aid her mother in embroidery, a task that daunted her, or become a third wheel to the two royal lovebirds, she decided that an evening ride through the kingdom was in order.
Pulling her hair tighter into the ponytail she wore, Alice descended the steps. She wore a dark brown jacket with brass buttons over a grey shirt and black pantaloons that did nothing to hide the flare of her hips. The castle servants and most of the Azarmonians were used to her dressing up like a man. As long as she wasn’t alone with one, her reputation was quite intact.
But she was not alone, for from the shadows of the royal stables emerged the bane of her most recent days. Stephen tugged the strings of his black cloak as he approached her, a hint of distaste in his eyes. He eventually stopped fiddling with the cloak strings at his neck, but did not stop looking at Alice when he was quite near her. “Your stable services are below my standards.”
“Oh?” Alice said as she shoved past him and headed for Czarina, who had been saddled and left in a corner of the coral. She grabbed the horse’s reigns and hoisted herself up. “I seem to remember having posted Alexei in one of the biggest stalls.”
“It’s not the stall I’m complaining about. It’s the missing groom.” Stephen followed Alice to the mare and waited for her to adjust to the saddle. “I had to prepare Alexei’s feed myself.”
Alice rubbed Czarina’s neck and smirked at Stephen. “Too bad then.”
“Where are you going?”
“I’m going out to ride for a bit. Just around the village. Why?”
“There’s no moon tonight, so it’s gonna be dark. It’ll only take a while to saddle Alexei. I’m coming with you.”
Alice frowned and tightened her hold on the reigns. “For your information, Mister, I’m nineteen years old. I can take care of myself. You’ve seen the way I use my sword.”
Stephen frowned in return and shoved aside a part of his cloak so he could unsheathe his sword. He raised it for Alice’s closer inspection. “Yes, you can handle yourself with a sword, but can you tackle a man without the protection of a blade?”
“Of course I can,” Alice snorted, although she knew she was putting the cart before the horse. She had never had a chance encounter with an enemy without having anything sharp within reach. “And I’m just going around the village. The people know me. None of them will want to harm me.”
“But you can’t be too sure. You said so yourself that Lord Maximilian, though half-heartedly despised in these areas, is free to come and go as he pleases. What if he does something to harm you?”
Alice bent and shoved at his shoulder. “Oh please! The man is a twit. Why he can’t even – ah!”
Alice found herself flat on her bottom, her mouth open as she looked at Stephen. Czarina was already galloping to the other side of the coral. His sword was at her throat. He wore a satisfied smile as he looked down at her. “But what if he could?”
Alice’s ire rose like a violent wave on a stormy sea. She lashed out with her hand, deflecting the sword with the metal bracelet she had on her wrist. “Then I do this!” she kicked out with both feet, causing Stephen to back up a few steps. Her momentum brought her back on her two feet. She bent at the knees, ready for the slightest hint of tackling from her bigger opponent.
“I’m surprised that you fight like you do. You’re so little.” Stephen had advanced and held the sword at bay, the tip pointed directly at her stomach.
The gleam in his eyes further annoyed Alice. She lunged at him, her hands drawn into fists. She hoped to duck under the blade and hit him in the stomach, but he was already away from her reach. It wasn’t her fault his legs were so long. He chuckled as she almost toppled to the ground. “You’re fast. Your balance is impeccable, I’ll give you that. But do you really call that a fight?”
Her next move, a low kick that she wanted to connect to the back of his knee, was supposed to work if he did not move away. But he did, causing her to stop mid-move and shift her weight on both legs. She crouched low and aimed to kick high, to connect her ankle to his wrist so the sword would go flying somewhere. But Stephen was too fast. He grabbed her ankle and twisted, so she ended up on her back in the middle of the coral.
“Your problem,” Stephen said as he circled her, his sword still trailed on her middle, “is that you get carried away by your emotions. You’re an amazing fighter, but you’re putting your talents to waste.”
Alice flushed red. “You think I don’t know that?” She got up on her feet and lunged at him. She tried to smack the sword away with her wrist. “You think I don’t know what my teachers say behind my back?”
She continued her onslaught, not caring that Stephen had stopped attacking her. He held the sword loosely in his arm. “‘She’s good but not smart’ they said. ‘She’s too hot-headed’ they said. ‘She’ll never make it out of a battlefield alive’.”
“Alice. I think that’s enough.”
“But they’re wrong. I’m still alive. I’m still here!”
“Playtime’s over Alice. Stop it now!”
“I’m still alive!” She yelled, quite forgetting that Stephen held a real sword and not the wooden training equipment she had trained with during her pre-teen years. Unluckily, her bracelet had lowered and it was the delicate skin on the back of her wrist that brushed at the blade. She yelped as several drops of blood fell onto the grass. “Now look at what you’ve done.”
.o000o.
Stephen rolled his eyes and sheathed his sword. “Let me take a look at that.”
“No!” Alice elbowed him away. She pulled out a white handkerchief from the sleeve of her shirt and tried to bind her scar, the assembly of tears that threatened to spill over making it difficult for her to concentrate. And she could not understand the reasons behind these tears. “Don’t touch me.”
“For star’s sakes, Alice, let me get a look,” Stephen insisted.
Alice walked faster, moving as far and fast away from him as she could. The man was irritating, a pain in the neck ever since she met him. He always complained. He always nagged, mocked, dallied. He always put himself so high up. Alice succeeded in binding her wrist, but not in stopping her tears.
“Awe hell. Are you crying?”
“No,” Alice sniffed as she approached Czarina. She reached out to take the leather harness that draped from the horse’s neck.
“Pierre’s gonna be so pissed at me.”
Alice rubbed at her eyes and sniffed louder. She straightened her back and fumbled with the saddle pack, though she didn’t really make any alterations to the straps that held it. “I told you I’m not crying.”
“Oh?” Stephen came closer. “Then what’s this?”
He wiped a tear from Alice’s face and held it close to his nose. “It looks like a tear. It smells like a tear,” Stephen stuck out the tip of his tongue and pressed his finger onto it. “It certainly tastes like a tear.”
“Eeew! Gross, Stephen!” Alice smacked his hand away and continued to fiddle with whatever contraption was attached to Czarina. She couldn’t look him in the eye. Yes, she didn’t want him to see her horrible teary eyes, but there was more than that. She was afraid she’d break into a smile. The man was a complete enigma. One moment he was cold and calculating. The next he was a careless, run-of-the-mill rakehell. Then there were times when he was sweet and concerned. Just like the time he spotted her dozing in the carriage. He had wordlessly shed his jacket and placed it under her head for a pillow, something that no other man had ever done for her. Oh, what the hell. She turned around to face him. “If you want to lick something from your hand, don’t do it in front of me.”
“But it’s true! It tasted like a tear.”
“Oh fine!” Alice said as her shoulders slumped. “You win. It was a tear, okay? Now go away before I change my mind and burn you at the stake.”
“So…” Stephen said after several seconds. “If I’m not supposed to lick anything off my hand, then what am I supposed to lick?”
Alice should have been affronted by the low, sensual glide of his voice, but strangely she was not. In fact, a strange shiver raced down her spine, causing her to hug herself tighter and duck her head. “I don’t know.”
“Come on, Alice, perhaps you could make a suggestion.” By the tone of his voice, Alice guessed that he had waggled his eyebrow.
She’d seen his waggle several times already. And it did strange things to her body. It made her feel nervous and vulnerable to his wiles. “Like you said, playtime is over. It’s best I get going.”
Stephen frowned at her. “I wasn’t playing anymore, Alice. And I’m still coming with you.”
“No you’re not,” Alice gnashed her teeth. “You, Stephen du Azarmon, are annoying. I can take care of myself. This scar doesn’t prove that you’re-”
And this time, she was jerked from climbing the saddle again, only now she found herself in a soul-trapping kiss instead of on the ground. Stephen hands spanned her waist and anchored her to him. And even if she did manage to pry his hold off of her, she would not be able to escape the cloak that had enfolded them both. She could do naught but feel the way his lips moved over hers, feel the frantic beating of the heart beneath her palm.
He was crazy! He was impertinent. He was a reprobate, a cad, a philanderer. He was… he was… wonderful.
Alice stood on tiptoe, reaching for the pressure of his lips against hers. He helped her by lifting her off her feet and holding her close, so that their mouths were sealed together. Alice approved of the death-grip he had around her. It felt so personal, so sensual. Her blood pounded in her ears as Stephen withdrew from their kiss. But he did not release her. Far from it, for he lifted himself onto Czarina’s back and hoisted a dazed Alice onto his lap.
He still had his arms around her. He whispered in her ear “I wasn’t playing anymore,” And his lips once more found hers.
.o000o.
Anya looked out the window, trying to peer through the darkness and see what her sister was up to. From the little that she could make out of the shapes, she was pretty sure something fishy was happening. If there hadn’t been any indication that Alice was drawn to Stephen, then Anya would have been shocked with the short intrigue in the courtyard. But as things were-
“It’s ten in the evening, love. What could you possibly see through the night?”
Anya turned around and faced her mentor and long-time friend. Magus Napoleon had his arms crossed in front of him. He leaned on the doorframe to the east solarium, one hand rubbing at his scrubby black beard with silver strands. He was tall and stocky just like her father, and watched the world with the same intensity as the Azarmonian king. Right now he was watching Anya’s reaction to his sudden appearance.
Anya smiled and came to him, arms outstretched for a short hug. Napoleon met her half-way and hugged her as if she were his long-lost child. Anya smiled at that thought. Most times, because she and Napoleon looked so much alike, they were mistaken as father and daughter. “I’ve been gone for almost a week and the first thing you do when we are reunited is accuse me of peeping.”
“Was that not what you were doing?” Napoleon asked, withdrawing from her and settling a big palm over her head, ruffling her hair like he always did.
“Touché,” Anya commented as she returned to her spot in front of the window, Magus Napoleon following her. “I knew I’d never win over you. And to answer your first question, I was just checking on my sister.”
“Is he decent?”
Anya smirked. As always, Napoleon had a way of figuring out just what irked her. “I think he succumbed the minute he saw her. He’s a little rough around the edges but I know he respects her. Anytime now the mark on Alice’s shoulder will transfer to him. I can feel it.”
“But you didn’t expect your mark to go to Kildare’s son, right?”
A little taken aback, Anya pulled the curtains and covered the glass. She turned to Napoleon, eyes searching for some sign of disapproval. She knew that her father and several of the council members were in the library drinking to her sudden marriage. This caused her suspicion to rise. Why wasn’t Napoleon at the gentlemen’s celebration? “Magus, did you know the brand was to be transferred to Pierre?”
Magus Napoleon shrugged and casually removed his pipe from a pocket of his dark blue tunic. He did not light the pipe but placed it between his teeth and nibbled. “Maybe. Why? Don’t you trust me, love, when I say that I know everything?”
“Why didn’t you tell me before?” Anya asked cautiously. So rarely did Magus Napoleon bring out the pipe and stick it in his mouth. It usually happened before he went with the soldiers to reinforce their hold on rebel towns.
“I can not reveal anything to anyone unless they ask me of it. But I can reveal one thing, love. It is that over the next few days, your real challenge will unfold.”
“I knew this would happen, ever since you revealed my contract to me. Will my life be at risk?” Anya asked frankly, knowing that she needed as much information as she could gather. Then another thought occurred to her. “Magus, do you know who will be attacking me?”
Magus Napoleon sighed. “Why are you asking so many questions Anya? You know I am not allowed to answer them all.”
“You said that you reveal anything to anyone who asks of them. I’m asking,” Anya stubbornly crossed her hands over her chest, her eyes a bit wary of Magus Napoleon’s silence. “You do know who will be attacking me, don’t you. Do you know him? Is he family? Is that why you don’t want me to know who this person is?”
Magus rubbed at his eyes in frustration. “You don’t want to do this, Anya. The best way to keep everyone alive is for me to remain silent. I will do all I can to keep everyone involved alive.”
“Don’t tell me you’re siding with the enemy, Napoleon, because it feels like you are.”
The magus did not say anything. Instead he moved to the couch that was covered with a maroon afghan. He settled at one end and picked up a discarded volume of poetry off the sofa cushion. He flipped through the pages of the book while he kept his eyes on Anya, a hint of something in his gaze. “The castle servants are a little lax these days. They pay much more attention to the aristocrats feeding the gossip mill than they do their work. One aristocrat in particular has tongues wagging again.”
Before Anya could investigate his pointless remark, a knock sounded on the half-open door. “That’s your husband,” Napoleon said, now half-way engrossed with the literature he was reading.
Anya sagged in disappointment. She started to gather her stole tighter around her body, aware that beneath the flimsy cloth she wore only her cream camisole and leggings. She bowed to her teacher and made her way to the other side of the wide room, where she knew Pierre was waiting just beside the outer part of the door. Before she could continue her way, Magus Napoleon stopped her with a discreet cough.
“Like I said, Anya. I know everything, or at least I think I do. Something tells me you aren’t quite so balanced when you are close to him.”
Anya’s cheeks flared with color. “It’s just that everything is so sudden. I’m finding it hard to adjust, especially to him.”
“If you ask my opinion, little one, better to give yourself to Sir de Castolla than someone else. He wants you.”
“But I don’t love him,” I think. Anya did not add that last part, knowing Napoleon already suspected the doubt in her voice.
“Think wisely, Princess. You may deny that you want him now, but in the end everything boils down to one fact; your marriage was the work of Fate. It is up to you whether you want it to be more than an agreement in the scrolls.”
Anya bowed again in respect to him, trying her best not to appear shaken. Magus Napoleon suddenly knew too much about her, both personal and royal life. He’s right though, Anya thought as she resumed her walk. It’ll be my call if I want to be happy with Pierre.
And she so did want to be happy with him.
.o000o.
Pierre’s breath caught as Anya walked out of the solarium and towards him. He had left the conference upstairs, more to avoid the celebration than to meet his wife. Or so he thought.
As Anya moved towards where he leaned onto the wall, the clouds shifted and allowed starlight to seep through the glass windows. During their short meeting with Magus Napoleon and her father earlier, she had acted like the capable princess that she was. She moved with the grace of the royal court and was polite to the Magus, as well as the servants that were attending to them. She had even taken the initiative to draw the heavy curtains herself, just to let the sunset’s colors in. And the way she had stood in front of the windows, bathed in the orange of the horizon, was a most glorious sight to behold.
But now the sunset goddess that stood smiling and graciously accepting jibes from the servants and the other council members had disappeared. In its place was a woman whose face showed the strains of a very hectic day. Pierre felt a little guilty about that. Ever since that morning when they slept in bed, he had not said more than the usual greetings to her. Anya had tried her best to make it appear that they were adjusting to the marriage well, even though there was tension between them.
There were dark shadows under her eyes, and her face was paler than ever. The spirited chit that had quarreled with him on their first encounter had faded. How he wished he could pull her into his arms and hold her, give her a bit of strength. He had no idea where that came from, but he was sure that if he did so, Anya would totally run away from him.
“You knocked on the door?” Anya said as she pushed her hair back from her shoulders. She tried keeping eye contact with him, but she quickly ducked and pulled her stole tighter around her. “I’ll be in bed in a minute. I just have to settle a few things with the servants.”
Pierre frowned and, before she could go anywhere, reached out for her shoulders. He maneuvered her so that she was between him and the wall. He was standing so close that their fronts brushed slightly against each other, a position that made Anya’s eyes wide and Pierre’s breath catch even more. “You are not yourself, sweeting.” Pierre managed to say, even though he was dying to do more than just pin her to the wall.
“It… it’s nothing that concern’s you,” she breathed, her tongue darting out afterwards to wet her dry lips.
Pierre shook his head, trying to gather all his inner strength and prevent him from picking her up and sprinting for the bedchambers. He pried his eyes away from those pouting lips and whispered in her ear. “You are a terrible liar, sweeting mine. Tell me what bothers you. Was it this morn? I swear I shall not touch you again if that’s what you want.”
“No!” Anya paused, and Pierre allowed a tiny smile to form at the corner of his mouth. “I mean,” Anya continued, “No, that is not what bothers me.”
“Then what?” Pierre gauged her stare carefully. There was something in her look. Uncertainty? Fear maybe? “Anya, you know that even if we don’t feel anything for each other, I will still do my duty by you. And it includes trying to solve your problem – our problem – together. Now either you tell me what’s happening that I don’t know about, or I force it out of you.”
“I…” she started uneasily. Pierre removed his hands from her shoulders and drew her closer to him. The crown of her head tickled the underside of his nose as they joined. “Magus Napoleon… he said something to me.”
“And?” Pierre could feel her taking a deep breath. Her hands that had been lax by her sides now pressed against the small of his back. Hands so small, so tender. It felt like heaven.
“Remember when I said that almost nobody knows that Azarmon is bound to my name?” she whispered, eyes sealed shut. “Well, someone aside from you, Magus Napoleon and my family know. And over the next few days that someone will be coming after me.”
Pierre’s arms automatically tightened around her. Protect Azarmon. Protect her. Fate’s message had never been clearer. This was what it meant. “I will never let anyone harm you. Never.”
Anya laughed softly, but the sound quickly turned into a sob. “Oh, you foolish, foolish man. I knew from the very start, something like this might happen… Please Pierre, don’t hurt me with those words. You don’t know half the suffering I will be going through in these next days. All these years of hiding, of secrets.”
“Enough of this,” Pierre snapped, squeezing her a final time and moving away. He clasped her face in his hands and swiped at the tears that had fallen. “No more self pity. Understand Anya, that I am your husband and that I will do anything-”
“You can’t do anything!” She protested, taking a step back. “Honestly Pierre, I don’t know what will come out of this. I may live or I may die, but I don’t care about my life. I live for Azarmon. And whatever happens, you have to promise me that you will do your very best to protect my Azarmon. Swear that you will protect the kingdom, my family.”
Pierre took one of Anya’s hands and looked directly into her eyes. “I swear. To protect Azarmon and the royal household.”
Anya smiled and squeezed his hand. “Thank you.”
He did not let go. “And sweeting mine, I also swear to protect you.”
. o 0 C H A P T E R 8 0 o .
Anya covered her mouth with the pink silken handkerchief that she recovered from her gown pocket. Her gown too was a pale pink, as was the ribbon in her hair. The combination of the pink and carnation roses embroidered on every inch of the gown matched the glowing tint of light slowly increasing in the early morning. Beside her, Pierre stood in his shiny red jacket and cream breeches. Red rose vines were embroidered on his jacket sleeves and brilliant rubies circularly cut were sewed into the soft leather of his boots.
Being the youngest of the three siblings, Anya was the last in line when it came to greeting the guests. It was a custom that at any kingdom event, including marriage within the royal family, they had to stand at position outside the gates and greet their guests at the crack of dawn.
Anya yawned again behind her handkerchief. If only she had not been up so late into the night. But on the other hand, she had no regrets concerning all that had happened in the evening. She and Pierre, in order to forget the morbid prophecy of the coming days, talked for hours about their likes and dislikes. They found an equal taste for music, and even discovered that they knew similar pieces, only that Anya much preferred singing them compared to Pierre’s preference in playing them on a lyre. They discovered that though they were good in arithmetic, they abhorred having to spend long hours meddling in accounts. They also even discovered that each had a preference in architecture, food and art.
Time flew and the awkwardness of the past days was forgotten. Anya smiled. If their wedding did not have love, at least there was friendship and camaraderie.
She yawned for the third time and was midway to brushing the tears at the corner of her eyes when she felt an arm slip around her shoulders. She looked up to find a bleary-eyed Pierre staring down at her, one corner of his mouth tugged upwards. “Lean on me,” he whispered, and proceeded to pull her closer.
“Thank you, Sir Pierre.”
“No problem, sweeting-”
“Hush,” she snapped quietly, looking around. Alice was in front of them, not minding the early hour, choosing instead to banter with Stephen, who was too preoccupied with her too. Beyond them stood Adele and Colin, ever the beautiful couple in their matching gold and amethyst costumes. Her mother and father were at the lead discussing with Magus Napoleon. As head of the Azarmonian Council, one of his duties was to ensure the security of the royal family during the very public spectacle.
He looked past Malcolm’s shoulder and towards Anya. Her only response was a clipped nod before she turned her attention back to Pierre. “You know that you are not supposed to address me as anything but Princess du Azarmon or Your Highness Anya.”
“Forgive me,” Pierre muttered, “but I don’t see the point in us having to hide our marriage.”
“First of all, this is Adele and Colin’s wedding. I don’t want the attention to shift from them. Second, if something does happen to me, it is best that no one knows you will be protecting Azarmon afterwards.”
“I can take care of Azarmon, Anya.”
“Ugh!” Anya hissed in disgust, “There we go with the name again. Please Sir, maintain your distance. It is for your own safety that no one must know. The stars forbid that I cross into the afterworld with your danger heavy in my heart.”
For a moment, something akin to tenderness lit up Pierre’s eyes at the mention of her words. But it was suddenly cut off by the blast of a nearby trumpet and the raising of the portcullis. Anya saw Pierre’s eyes widen in curiosity at the first set of visitors. “Who do we have here?”
“The wildcat,” Alice hissed her reply to Pierre.
“Pardon?”
“Oh nonsense, Alice. Try to be a little more civil,” Anya said. But deep inside, she knew that Alice was not entirely wrong. She brushed at Pierre’s arm to get his attention. “Our first guests, Lady Rebecca and her daughter, Miss Cassandra, former Princess du Pela.”
“She is from Pela? That is where your Lord Maximilian hails from, is it not?”
“Yes. She is a relation of sorts to Lord Maximilian, at least not until her father remarried to Maximilian’s mother.” She stated uneasily as she glanced at the two ladies coming their way. Lady Rebecca, Anya knew from the very first day she was born. She was her mother’s close friend and constant companion. She was like an aunt to her, even though rumors were flying about her wild ways.
“Why so?” Pierre asked under his breath.
Anya looked at the two women to make sure they weren’t looking in her direction before replying. “The king of Pela found out that Lady Rebecca was cheating on him, and that Cassandra was never really his daughter. So he banished them and took for his second wife Maximilian’s mother. Father and Mother were kind enough to give them shelter here, the reason why Lord Maximilian has free reign to come and go as he pleases. That is in order to visit them. They're close friends with the family.”
“Are they pleasant?”
.o000o.
Anya looked again at Lady Beck and Miss Cassie. The former she could handle, the latter not quite so. Cassandra was a well-known vixen in the royal court. Today her chocolate-brown hair curled in tight ringlets against her pale face, and her spring green irises were fanned with long lashes. She looked like an angel – but did not act like one in any way. Even now her lips were stained a bloody seductive red and her rouge was a provocative shade of pink. The décolletage she had on did little to hide what was underneath.
Many women steered clear of her company, and hid their men from her wiles. Tongues had it that ever since her debut she had gathered conquests like bees to honey. In fact, several commented that she was ten times wilder than her mother had been in her early days. Lady Rebecca had tried, in fact was still trying, to tame her wayward daughter before she ended up like her.
But none of her attempts were successful, since she still had the nerve to flaunt her womanly attributes in the royal court. In fact, Anya believed that that was what she would be doing in the next several days.
“Oh Anya! Anya!” Speaking of the devil. “I didn’t know you were back.”
Anya winced as the woman mentioned rushed to her like an overexcited toddler and squeezed the breath out of her. With a heavily blessed bosom crushing her inferior ones, Cassandra could easily do so. She kissed the air on both sides of her cheek.
“And hello to you too, Cassie.” Alice murmured under her breath. Unluckily, Cassandra caught her irritated gesture and pasted a fake smile on her face. She took out a fan from the purse that was hanging on her wrist and opened it to air herself.
“Ah yes, Alice. Wonderful to see you… and your friend.” She said the last part of her comment with a raised brow and a devilish smile. And when Alice saw this, she tugged Stephen closer to her side.
“This is Sir Stephen de Castolla, my intended.” she said with conviction, causing Stephen to grin and Anya and Pierre to open their mouths in shock. Before they could stutter their surprised and discouraging hackles, Cassandra snapped her fan closed and pointed it at the older twin.
“Oh don’t be hypercritical Alice. I’m not stealing him from you. I know my boundaries.”
Anya watched as the woman easily dismissed her sister as if she was a servant rather than a princess. Ever since they had come for shelter in Azarmonian territory, Cassandra always dismissed Alice as nothing more than a rough, untamed filly in men’s undersized clothes. On the other hand, she ‘adored’ Adele, wheedling into her business and her small group of friends. Anya guessed that the only reason Cassandra tolerated her was because the woman wanted to be included in the royal circle, even though it was plain that she technically belonged to a class lower than where she was now.
“Well hello there stranger,” Cassie’s words jerked Anya out of her thoughts. “I haven’t seen you around here before.” Cassandra raised her hand, expecting a polite kiss from Pierre. Pierre looked down at Anya and silently asked her what he should do. Anya nodded her head to give her permission and smiled, even though she sensed that something bad would come out of it.
“Sir Pierre de Castolla,” Pierre said, extending his own hand to capture hers. He bent down to kiss the tiny hand and continued introducing himself after he straightened.
“Oh I know you!” Cassandra shouted in delight. “I’ve heard about you. You are Kildare’s son, right? If you weren’t standing in front of me now, I wouldn’t have believed… I heard of your father’s death. You will be inheriting Castolla, right?”
“Oh, well, I guess-”
“That’s wonderful!” she squealed, grabbing both his hands in hers, even though one hand had already been threaded under Anya’s elbow. “I mean, I do feel sorry for your father’s death, but I am glad that he’s nowhere to keep your kingdom away from you.” She said these words while her lashes fluttered prettily in an attempt to gain attention.
“Come to think of it-”
“You know, we’re alike in so many ways.” she said softly and lowered her lashes and fake-blushed, something Anya thought was never possible. “My father hated that I was a bastard. He drove me and my mother out of Pela. It was a horrible, horrible experience, especially when you were only eight.”
“I’m so sorry for what you went through,” Pierre said genuinely, seeing that the girl was close to tears.
Cassandra sniveled and raised her head, ‘forcing’ a ‘watery’ smile as she playfully slapped at his forearm. “Oh no Sir, don’t feel sorry for me. I really am a moody person.” She took his hands in hers again and gave them a little squeeze. “Will I see you at the wedding breakfast today?”
“I will be at the breakfast with my wi- erg, Princess du Azarmon.”
Cassandra left the small group and proceeded into the castle, looking back only once to wave and wink at Pierre. Anya looked up at her temporarily secret husband, scanning his face for she wasn’t sure what. He suddenly looked at her with a smile on his face. “She wasn’t so bad.”
Anya caught Alice’s eye-roll, but chose not to comment along with her sister. Instead, she smiled and nodded. But something inside her, some small piece of her heart, was burning with pain. If she knew better, and she did, she could have sworn Cassandra had set her eyes on Pierre!
.o000o.
“Oh do tell!” Cassandra squealed as Stephen and Pierre took turns boasting about their adventures and misadventures in their earlier years. Anya looked to her left, to find Adele burying her face behind clasped hands and Alice gnashing a mouthful of her food into smithereens.
The wedding breakfast was loud and riotous, with most of the royals on the left side, closest to the front portion of the castle. The friends of royalty and prominent merchants were seated on the right end of the table, their mugs near to overflowing with morning coffee. The castle servants were marching in and out, replacing nearly finished plates and refilling every available cup that they could spot. The laughter was nice and light there, but on Anya’s side it was plain as day that all merry reactions were being forced. And this was all because of Miss Cassandra du Pela.
“I never told him to climb all the way to the top of that wall, but he insisted and so he outbalanced. He fell straight into a mud puddle and ended up smelling like – never mind, you don’t want to know,” Stephen said to Cassandra without breaking his teasing look at Pierre.
“Alight. I admit I was hardheaded,” Pierre said after wiping his mouth. “But I did get the girl’s kite from the spikes and she gave me a kiss afterwards, even in my muddy clothes.”
“You must have been very brave,” Cassandra cooed. “I distinctly remember the Castollan outer wall as nine feet high. That must have been quite a fall. And the mud. And that stench! What was it again?”
Stephen snickered as Pierre’s eyes bulged in surprise. The latter coughed into his cloth napkin and leaned closer to Cassandra. “I haven’t mentioned it, Miss Cassie. Can we please leave it be and move on to the next exploit?”
“I say not,” Cassie fluttered her eyes. “You’ve already revealed to me much about your previous adventures. I want to hear it all.”
“Are you sure? It is highly improper for a lady!”
Anya saw the way his right brow perched high above his eye. A slight dimple played at the corner of one mouth, just at the top of the stubble on his jaw. By the stars, he was flirting with her! The realization hit Anya so unexpectedly that she almost choked on the bite that she had taken. The audacity of the man! How could he do such a thing in front of his wife?! Anya wanted so much to stop looking at him, but for the life of her she could not understand why she kept staring and listening to their conversation. Face it, you don’t want to look away because you might lose him.
“Oh most definitely! And impropriety has never stopped me. I’d rather be informed than ignorant.” Cassie huffed whilst placing her wineglass on the runner. Anya wondered just how many glasses the girl had taken already – and at breakfast time no less!
Pierre grinned and leaned even closer. He crooked a finger and invited her closer so that she could hear him whisper. Cassandra tipped her head to her right so that her ear was very close to his mouth. If one was far from where the two were seated, one could easily mistake the man kissing the woman. Something stung in Anya’s chest when she thought about this fact.
Cassie looked shocked when Pierre leaned back and examined her. The two stared at each other at first, and then burst into a round of laughter so boisterous that the entire half of the diners stopped mid-conversation to look upon them.
Anya looked on in… disbelief? Envy? Defeat? She did not know what she felt at that moment, but something in the way that those two interacted made her insides cringe. They looked like they were enjoying themselves. It looked happy. It looked perfect.
Anya’s heart dropped. Just as things were starting to get better. Just as she and Pierre were coming to some sort of understanding finally, he had to meet someone that interested him enough to make him laugh in public. And why in the world did it have to be Cassandra? He could have met any other lady in Azarmon. Why did it have to be the one who made Anya’s nerves wring with alarm and suspicion. What if they, Pierre and Cassie, were compatible for each other? What if Pierre suddenly realized that he did not want her after all?
Anya’s spoon clunked softly on the porcelain plate as she set it down to face Adele. Her older sister was sitting beside her, so it was relatively easy for her to excuse herself. Watching her husband’s banter with Miss Cassie completely extinguished her appetite. “Sister, can I be excused for a bit?”
“Oh sure. Why?” the eager smile that Adele had initially worn turning towards her morphed into a funny curve clearly stating she knew something was wrong.
“Oh nothing,” Anya replied while darting, unknown to her, a longing glance on the other side of the table. Pierre and Cassandra were still talking. “I find the conversation not to my liking.”
“Oh” was all Adele could mutter after following Anya’s eyes.
Anya offered a weak smile before standing up. “I’ll be out in the ballroom if you should need me,” With a little curtsy, she left the dining room. It hurt a little to realize that he didn’t even notice.
.o000o.
Anya gathered her skirts as she rushed from the dining, through the dainty sitting room in the left wing of the castle and into the grand ballroom.
The room was large and airy, with white and pale pink marble tiles designed in a checkerboard pattern across the floor. Above, five golden chandeliers were lit up by cream-colored candles, their sparkling diamond and quartz crystals glistening under the candlelight. Curtains of deep velvet lined the lower half of the walls, concealing the view to the front courtyard. The upper half of the surrounding walls was papered with a continuous tapestry depicting forest sprites and flowers. King Malcolm specifically commissioned the tapestry for his and Olivia’s twentieth anniversary.
The grandness of the ballroom was further enhanced by the strung beads and ribbons draped from one wall column to another. Flowers dangled from every wall sconce, and bouquets of different-colored wildflowers adorned every table. Ribbons were attached to the lacy tablecloths that, after the wedding tomorrow afternoon, would hold the desserts and refreshments during the party.
Anya looked at all this when she had stopped at the foot of the grand staircase. The main staircase divided at a landing and turned back, running parallel to the sides of the ballroom, leading to the second level of the castle. She could easily imagine Adele and Colin standing at the top in love and in full wedding regalia. And somehow, she could just as easily imagine Pierre and Cassandra in that situation. More bursts of pain struck her chest, leaving her nearly out of breath.
“Bravo, love! Fantastic entrance, by the way.”
Anya gasped. She would know that voice anywhere. She turned quickly and almost fell off the first step when, at the top of the staircase, there stood the Lord Maximilian!
“How did you get in here?” Anya breathed, one hand coming to her bosom as the haughty lord casually descended the steps.
“The usual way, of course,” Lord Maximilian grinned and, when he reached her side, raised one palm upwards in expectation of his greeting kiss. “Come now Anya, I’m sure you haven’t lost your brains while running about in Castolla.”
“Of course I haven’t, my lord.” Anya did not bother to correct Maximilian with using her proper title of ‘princess’ again. She put her hand on his and snatched it quickly away after he kissed the back of it.
“I hope you missed me.”
“I didn’t,” she muttered.
“I sent a little welcoming party after you. However they haven’t returned to me yet.”
“They’re dead,” Anya didn’t want to waste words on the man. He wasn’t worth her ire. She moved past the man and marched up the steps. “And if you try to do anything like that again, I’ll make sure to let Alice come after you as well.”
Maximilian frowned and followed just a step behind her. Then when she made a move to ascend further, he reached for her arm and stopped her with a firm grip. “Pela is barely four towns from Castolla. I just wanted to invite you to my humble kingdom.”
“Did you really need to send men with swords after me, my lord? Because when I saw the last of your soldiers I received the impression that you wanted to kill me.”
“I would never intend to kill you! Trust me when I say that I wanted some time to follow up on my courting you.”
Anya snorted. “I don’t believe you. And, like I’ve said before, I have no intention of marrying you. Now if you please release my hand I will be going back to my chamber.”
Before she could move, her feet had been lifted off the steps! Lord Maximilian had his arms around her in a fraction of a second, and his lips on hers in even less! Anya could do naught but struggle as the man plundered her lips with the most bruising kiss she had ever tasted. She felt like vomiting as his hand squeezed the back and derriere of her gown. She tried to scream but Lord Maximilian’s long fingers were pressing on the back of her neck making it difficult to breathe. She even had to press her palms to his chest to keep her lungs from being crushed.
After he had finished, he quickly pushed her to the banister of the staircase landing. His glove-clad fingers were still around the fragile skin of her neck. He leaned closer to her and whispered harshly. “You will marry me and breed with me until I get the satisfaction I deserve. Today you may not be cooperative with the idea, but I assure you someday you will be begging for me.”
“I’m not afraid of you.”
“You will be mine.”
“Let go of me!”
And so he did, so suddenly that Anya outbalanced and almost landed on him. With a slight chuckle, he steadied her and moved backwards. “My my, little hellion. And already you are falling for me.”
“You are despicable. Get out of this room now before I call the guards.”
Lord Maximilian brushed a hair off one eye and snorted as he tidied up his vest. “You won’t be able to get rid of me Anya. My stepsister is here and I can easily explain that I am visiting her. You do want to maintain peace between Pela and Azarmon, don’t you? I suggest you think carefully about your next move. Pela may be a young kingdom when compared to Azarmon, but we have enough warriors. And we are also not without connections. Do you really want to start a war?”
Anya could not look him in the eye. He was getting madder by the day.
Lord Maximilian descended the steps and when he reached the bottom, offered another comment. “You may have your council, but I have my soldiers.”
Anya did not see the wave of his hand as he continued descending. She had a funny feeling that her trials had begun.
.o000o.
“Dammit!” Pierre cursed as he kicked at one leg of the deep violet loveseat inside the sitting room. He immediately regretted his decision as the pain of stubbing his toes on the harder wood shot through his leg. Pierre hopped indignantly to a reading couch a few feet from him and dropped his whole weight in one motion. He then inspected his injured foot while muttering curses.
He had seen. In the ballroom. At the top of the steps. His wife. Lord Maximilian.
Oh truly she was the best of liars! How could she have done this to him? He thought that she had been offended by his blatant flirtation with Miss Cassandra. When she silently stormed off out of that dining room, he thought he had succeeded in making her jealous by denying her his attention. He quickly excused himself a little while afterwards, intending to soothe her ruffled feathers and convince her that keeping their marriage a secret gained nothing, instead fooling everyone by implying that they were not taken.
He just wanted her to know that there was nothing to worry about, that they were perfectly safe. He had only wanted to teach her a lesson. And he had wanted to end the lesson with a soul-searing kiss.
There had been a kiss, only it did not occur between him and Anya. He had entered the ballroom with the excitement of a young bridegroom eager for his newly-wedded bride. The view that greeted him dampened the excitement.
He had his hand on her posterior. Around her neck. He had her sandwiched between him and the railings. And what had she done? She had laid her hands on him!
She had not left the dining room because she was pining for his attention and giving up on getting it without battling Cassandra. She had left to carry on a hidden tryst with a lord of Pela, whom she had so firmly told him did not hold her heart. She made it clear that she had no interest in the man. Maybe it was one of those kinds of love where the man and the woman sparred and tried to kill each other with spite, only to end up falling into each other’s arms and passions at the end of the day. Maybe it was the kind of forbidden love-hate relationship that put the sparks of fireworks to shame.
Great! How was he to compete with that? But still, she was his wife for stars’ sakes! Shouldn’t he be the only one allowed to claim her kisses? Her love?
“You’re not putting too much of an effort on her, boy. Ladies don’t swoon when their men don’t croon. ”
Pierre raised his head from the cupped hands that concealed it and stared at the intruder of his solitude. If the intruder had been a simple merchant or nobleman, Pierre would have forgotten who his name was and instead focus on what job and wealth he had. But his intruder was Magus Napoleon, a man who, upon first meeting him, Pierre knew he could trust.
The magus was looking at him with a challenging smile. So he knew what was troubling him. Pierre groaned and dropped his head into his palms again. “I don’t think I know how to croon.”
“On the contrary,” Napoleon said as he slipped into the sitting room and started inspecting the figurines on a glass display case, “your technique the previous night seemed to have worked. I could say that was definitely crooning.”
Pierre closed his eyes and sighed. “You knew about our discourse outside the salon?”
“I am a magus, after all.” Napoleon chuckled and retrieved one of the porcelain figures from the case. It was the figure of two nobles embracing. “I know things most people don’t, and see things that have and will happen that others cannot.”
“Then you know what I saw in the ballroom just a while ago, don’t you.”
“Maybe,” the magus moved closer and finally perched on the arm of the loveseat that Pierre kicked. “But I don’t use my talent for spying on other people’s business. I use it to keep the kingdom safe.”
“I cannot blame her if she loves another. She was forced to marry me after all. Still, she is my wife, Magus. At the temple she pledged word, life and body to me. Seeing her with another feels like a stab in the gut.”
“Is she truly your wife?” Napoleon held the figurine in Pierre’s face. “Look at these two, young man. See how they are made of one stone? Painted in the same pattern of colors? Do you see how their eyes never waver from each other? That is real husband-and-wife, when a man and a woman share strength, beauty and love. Is it not beautiful?”
“How would I know?!” Pierre grated his teeth together. “She isn’t exactly falling in love with me, as I am for her. If she were, she wouldn’t be caught practicing her kissing skills with another man.”
Napoleon shrugged his shoulders and frowned. “Sometimes things which we find not to our liking have to happen in order for good to triumph. And in times like these, when Azarmon is faced with a hidden enemy, it is very important that good must indeed triumph. Anya is no ordinary woman, Sir Pierre. The moment she was born I knew she had an important part to play in keeping the kingdom intact. I wish you would help her instead of pointing out her flaws.”
“How can I?” Pierre stood up, swiping aside the figurine held before him, almost causing it to drop form Napoleon’s grip. “How can I when she won’t let me?!”
He marched out of the room and slammed the door shut with such force that it must have clearly been heard all the way to the courtyard. Napoleon smirked. Things were going according to planned.
.o000o.
“I will not tolerate any more silence. I demand to know what’s going on!” Olivia paced in front of the lounge hearth, hands crossed in front of her. She was clearly distressed by the fact hat her youngest daughter was dealing with two of the most unsuitable, if not dangerous men in the entire world.
King Malcolm, sitting on an overstuffed red chaise in front of the warm fire, laid his hands on his knees as he took a deep breath. “Calm yourself, Livy. Magus Napoleon will be here any moment and we’ll know exactly what to do with this situation.”
“But she’s hurting, my love.” Queen Olivia knelt before her husband and took his hands in hers. “I saw it during breakfast today. She held her heart in her eyes, and it was slowly shattering for her husband. And then there is Lord Maximilian. Can’t we just turn him away?”
“You know we can’t do that. Not yet.”
“Please, husband, you do not possibly mean to put our Anya in harm’s way? For surely that is what he intends with her. I see it in his evil eyes.”
Just then the door to the lounge opened and Magus Napoleon was striding purposefully into the room and conversation. “Anya is a strong, devoted young lady. She will get through this, just like her mother did. She and her husband will learn to love each other. They were destined.”
“How are you so sure about this?” Olivia asked, rising to her feet but still holding her husband’s hands. “How are you sure that she made the right choice by marrying him? How are you so sure that the brands you put upon my daughters work?”
Napoleon took a seat to face the royal couple. Only recently had the queen been informed of the real purpose of the brands, and that was to mark men capable of defending the lands of Azarmon. “I’ve served this kingdom for as long as your husband has been king, Your Highness. And as a magus and an important part of the Azarmonian Council, I have a duty to protect the kingdom and this family. In order to do so, I have to work through Anya.”
“But why her?” Olivia asked. “Don’t you see how much the weight of her responsibilities burdens her? When I was a little girl all I thought about every day was tea parties and dresses. All things a little girl should love and take interest in. I saw Anya grow up with the knowledge that as soon as she came of age all responsibility would rain down on her.”
Napoleon did not respond. Instead, he gestured for King Malcolm to take over.
 The king cleared his throat and persuaded his wife to sit beside him. Olivia, too spent to resist his request, laid her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes. “Livy,” King Malcolm calmly said, “do not think me selfish by taking away all the childhood bliss from Anya, all for the kingdom. I chose to bind Azarmon to her because it is her destiny.”
“What do you mean?”
“Adele is too soft to rule with her head. Alice is too tough and will decide things without thinking. But have you seen the way Anya is? She is perfect. I know she doesn’t see herself so, and I know I have not told her such. This is the reason why she thinks I’ve thrown Azarmon in her way. She thinks I don’t want the nincompoop nobility to lay their hands on the kingdom.
“In truth I admire her. Her love for the kingdom exceeds words. When she received her brand, she even vowed to never wed so that Azarmon would be safe. She promised to never give her heart.”
“But she has given her heart,” Napoleon interrupted. “And everything that has been revealed to me has, so far, been coming true.”
Olivia looked at the magus and smiled. “I trust you, Magus. You know I always will. And I trust your visions.”
Napoleon smiled back. “Funny. I remember you once calling my visions ‘mental horse-droppings’.” 
Olivia blushed and Malcolm chuckled, squeezing his wife to him. Until know they were a couple very much in love. But Napoleon’s smile quickly sobered, causing Olivia’s eyes to widen in alarm. “Dearest Magus, is there something wrong?”
“Nothing, Your Highness.”
“This isn’t about Anya, is it?”
Napoleon inhaled deeply. Leave it to Olivia to guess what the issue was. “With every hour that passes Anya is exposed to more danger. And as much as I wish to keep her out of harm’s way, I cannot. And you must not too. The only way to prevent Azarmon from being taken is if Anya stands as a direct target.”
“You mean to say,” the queen gulped, “that you have not found out who wants to destroy Azarmon?” her sudden question had Napoleon wringing his hands together and darting glances all around the room.
“My visions don’t reveal the whole of the picture, Your Highness. I see neither face nor form of the culprit, but I have my suspicions. Until I find out who will be trying to dethrone His Highness, all we could do is guard our little princess carefully. She is terribly vulnerable. And I do hope her husband realizes this before it is too late.”
“Too late for what?” Olivia quizzed warily. She knew she could do nothing whatever this event was, but she had to know.
“For her. For him. For Azarmon.”
. o 0 C H A P T E R 9 0 o .
Anya removed her dress and hair ribbon the moment she entered her chambers. The candle on the table had already been lit and the fire in the hearth was already crackling. Ever since the wedding breakfast, she had not seen even the shadow of Pierre. And she was somewhat disappointed, for she had wanted so much to tell him of Lord Maximilian.
But in the end, she finally decided that it was much better that way. For if she told Pierre about Maximilian’s assault, surely he would announce that they were wed, and he’d be dragged into the danger zone alongside her. This Anya did not want to happen.
So the only possible solution would have to be keeping Lord Maximilian’s obsession a secret and hoping that Magus Napoleon could expose the villain who already knew Azarmon was bonded to her. The only problem with this solution was that she would have no right fending off Cassandra from Pierre.
The brush that Anya used to untangle her hair almost snapped as she thought again about what had happened during breakfast. She did not deny that she was jealous. She even sulked out of that dining room like an ill-mannered toddler. But what had he done? He had not even gone to her!
Anya knew, as she donned a stole over her sleeping attire, that they needed to talk about this despite his uncaring attitude. Perhaps they could renegotiate, maybe hint to some, preferably the rumormongers, that they were betrothed if not married. This way, she could involuntary warn Cassie away while not draw any attention to Pierre.
A knock sounded on the door just as Anya turned down the coverlet on the bed. She smiled. He must be feeling very sorry, she thought, for ‘tis not yet close to nine and he’s already at the door. She couldn’t wait to tell him of her compromise. She stood at the door and tidied herself before opening it. “I’m here.”
Lord Maximilian grinned. “Well so you are.”
Anya gasped and quickly stopped her approach, a hand at her throat, eyes scanning the room for some sort of weapon. But aside from the candle holder on the table, nothing else seemed handy. “What are you doing here?”
“I came to see you, obviously,” Maximilian said as he got closer to Anya. Then he reached for her shoulders and pulled her to him, causing Anya to gasp louder. Her voice became breathy as she tried to keep the fear from showing.
“What are you going to do to me?” she quaked.
Lord Maximilian grinned. “You looked like you were expecting someone to come to your chambers, love.”
“I was expecting-” No! Lord Maximilian should never know. Pierre’s life would be at stake. “Nobody. I was waiting for nobody.”
Lord Maximilian put his arms around her, despite her struggling. “Now, now Anya. Don’t begin wiggling. Something very naughty happens when you start wiggling.”
Anya’s heart felt like it was beating at triple speed out of sheer terror. She wanted to shout at the man and tell him to leave, but her voice, terribly affected by her fear, came out as a soft whisper. “Please, I beg of you my lord. Whatever this is, I don’t want any part of it. If you want to say something then do so and leave me in peace.”
Lord Maximilian grinned devilishly and led her into the room before releasing her. Anya’s knees were so weak out of fear that she dropped on the foot of the bed. “You deny my embrace, girl. But pretty soon I know you will be running into it.”
Anya wanted to gag or retch on the floor, but the sudden relief that she felt at not being assaulted was still washing its balm over her. Lord Maximilian seemed not to notice that she was close to having a shock. Instead he ogled her up and down. He then breathed a heavy sigh as he plopped down next to the princess. “I came here to apologize for my behavior earlier this morning. It was not right of me to take advantage of you. I also want to ask you escort me on a picnic by the river tomorrow. At luncheon before the wedding.”
This was not like Maximilian. Anya looked at him, so confused by the sudden sincerity in his eyes. It was as if he had turned over a new leaf, or metamorphosed in a span of one day. She fiddled with the sash of her stole. “I will think about it, my lord.”
“Take it as a manner of asking for your forgiveness.” he pleaded.
She did not like the idea of being on a picnic by the riverside, alone with the confusing lord. “Perhaps if we take your stepsister and Sir Pierre I might be persuaded to go. Those two are delightful company.”
“No! I wished to speak to you alone,” he took one of her hands in his and squeezed it almost affectionately. “There is a private matter which I wish to discuss.”
Anya looked at the timepiece on the wall. Pretty soon Pierre would be there, and Lord Maximilian’s presence just might insinuate the idea that they were seeing each other. Her rocky marriage was barely standing sturdy. This would not do.
So Anya turned her attention back to the annoying lord. She smiled with a fake sweetness and inclined her head. “I’ve had a very busy day, and so I think it is better to stay indoors and rest after lunch. I’m sorry-”
“Very well,” Maximilian stood up and kissed the back of her hand before letting go of it. “It was worth a try. But I’ll still be waiting by the riverside with a basket, just in case you change your mind.”
Anya wanted to say something, anything to persuade him to stop prowling after her like a hungry carnivore. But in a flash he was gone from the room, with the door closed behind him. Anya sighed both from relief and exhaustion. She wanted to crawl directly into bed and sleep, but she couldn’t take her eyes off the door.
Slowly, she opened it and peeped outside. She looked left and right, not seeing anyone that could have possibly overheard their conversation. The hallway was completely empty. This done, she closed the door again and this time did crawl into bed after removing the stole around her body. As she stared at the ceiling, she hoped that she could stay awake long enough to talk to Pierre when he came.
But Pierre did not come. Anya tossed in bed before deciding, after much self-debate, to seek him out.
.o000o.
“What do you mean you were not able to convince her?” The old man said as he paced in front of a gnarled tree in the palace grounds. In front of him, Lord Maximilian was doing his best at keeping his cool. Inside though, he was seething with suspicion. “Did you not give her the potion?”
“I did not have an opportunity to slip it into any of her drinks,” Lord Maximilian said, his chin held up, as if telling the world that he was not to blame for his lack of opportunity. “Most of today, her attention was stuck like a burr to the king’s latest guests.”
The old but huge man paused when he heard this. “Which one of his guests has captured the princess’ attention?”
“The one called Pierre de Castolla. He’s heir to the kingdom he came from.” Lord Maximilian took out a pipe from his cape pocket and was about to light it when his companion snatched at his wrist. The man’s grip was so strong that the lord almost dropped his pipe.
“What kind of a man is he?”
“Perhaps if you’ve been at the breakfast, you would have been able to see for yourself.”
“You didn’t answer my question boy!” The man hissed, his grip becoming tighter as his temper flared. “What do you know of him?”
“All I know is that his father left him the kingdom upon his deathbed, at about the same time that Malcolm ceased the kingdom and gave it to Anya.” Maximilian sighed in relief once the man let go of his wrist. He checked for bruising, rubbed it several times and proceeded with lighting his pipe and sticking it into his mouth. He kept one hand over the small red flame at its end, knowing that it could be seen like a beacon against the dark night.
The old man looked like he was thinking over something, what with the way he rubbed at his jaw, partially hidden in the shadow of an oversized cloak. At last he let out a sigh and held out his hand. “I had hoped to let you have a shot at participating in this plot, but it seems that I have to do everything myself. Where’s that potion?”
“Hey! It’s not like I loafed around while waiting for Anya to play tea party so I can dump the concoction into her porcelain cup. I went so far as to catch her unawares… twice.” But still Maximilian dug into his cape’s pocket and retrieved the as yet unopened vial.
The old man grabbed the potion and tucked it beneath his cloak, before grabbing the younger lord by the shoulder. He hauled the man deeper into the shadow of the old tree, until he was sure that the latter’s attention was focused on what he had to say. “You listen well, my lord. I have nothing against your ability to catch the princess unawares. But as for getting her to do a simple task as drink this potion – never mind.”
Lord Maximilian released a breath after his unfriendly ally dropped his lecture. “Well, for a moment there I thought you would-”
The old man tightened his hold onto Maximilian, rendering him speechless once again. To the lord, it seemed as if the old man was about to go up in smokes. He was obviously keeping his barely restrained anger in check. “Yes, I would have hurt you for your offense. But I still have need of you for my plans. Especially when I have to get rid of Pierre de Castolla.”
“What for?” Maximilian asked, his curiosity outweighing his desire to get away from the man’s vice-liked grip on his shoulder.
The old man clicked his tongue at the younger one’s insolence. “You foolish, lovesick boy. You yourself said that Anya ogled this bastard like there was no tomorrow. I bet she’s head over heels in love with the man.”
“No!” Maximilian yelled, his sanity momentarily vanishing.
The old man struck a blow to his jaw, sending Maximilian sprawling in the grass. His pipe rolled across the earth before stopping a feet few away, its light dying amidst the curling blades of grass. The old man did not pay heed to Maximilian’s undignified snort. He cursed under his breath. “Fool! Do you have any idea that screaming in the middle of the night is sure to attract attention to our secret convention?”
“Forgive me,” Lord Maximilian cringed. “That was uncalled-for, I know. But she’s not in love with him. She’s supposed to be in love with me.”
“And I’ll make sure that happens, so that we both get what we want and end up happy,” The old man felt under his cloak, making sure that the potion was tucked securely. “But for the sure measure, I’m going to get to the bottom of de Castolla’s connection with Anya.”
“You will?” Maximilian got up, brushing the grass off his trousers.
“Yes,” the old man walked away, leaving Maximilian standing in the darkness. “And I know just the person to help me.”
.o000o.
“I’m here.”
“Well so you are.”
Pierre paused at the corner of the private hall when he heard two low voices from their wing of the floor. One voice clearly belonged to his wife. The other… could it be? That blasted lord was here again? And Anya was talking to him!
He stifled his growl of anger and held his breath so that he would be able to hear clearer. He had not caught the rest of the conversation, so he strove to listen more closely.
“I was expecting… nobody. I was waiting for nobody.”
 So the wanton had not been expecting him, her own husband. Pierre peeked into the hallway and saw the two embracing – embracing for stars sakes!
“Now, now Anya. Don’t begin wiggling. Something very naughty happens when you start wiggling.”
Wiggling? She was wiggling for him?!
More muffled voices… a soft whisper… then the two moved into the bedroom where they clearly did not want to be disturbed. Pierre gnashed his teeth as he peered to watch what was happening in that room. He could not shake off the thought of Anya, the royal princess, the next Queen of Castolla, slaking her – she didn’t even think that she might get caught!
Well two could play at a game like that. He slipped back into the darkness and retraced his steps. Once again he found himself in the sitting room, with only the light of one candle for companionship. Unable to keep himself from sitting still, as much as to distract him from thinking of what must be happening in his bedchamber, he stood up and began rummaging through several wine cabinets.
He pulled up a mix of what looked like a concoction of spiced herbs. He uncorked the bottle and sniffed loudly. Its smell suggested that it could knock a man out good. Pierre opened one of the drawers in the big varnished desk at the corner of the room and spotted a hidden goblet among the stacks of blank writing paper. It was in this cup that he poured his first dose.
Just as he placed the drink to his lips, a creak from the sitting room door being opened stopped him. He turned around to face… “Miss Cassandra?”
Pierre almost spewed the remaining liquid in his mouth, but quickly swallowed it before it came out dripping on his chin. The drink must have been potent, for warmth crawled up his throat and chest immediately. Or was it from the sight of the woman?
Miss Cassandra was wearing a ridiculous stole of shocking pink, so bright in tone and yet so sheer that the bright red camisole and cotton leggings peeked through even in dim candlelight. Like Anya, she had the wonderful wiles of a woman in her premier beauty. Supple curves adorned her very form.
“What are you doing here?”
“Why do you ask?” she breathed.
“I didn’t expect anyone, especially you, to come in here.”
“I didn’t know anyone would be here too.”
No. The warmth that spiraled upward in his torso had not come from this woman. Something very sinister was in her voice. She didn’t sound convincing when she said she expected the sitting room to be deserted. She did know that he was going to be here, just how she knew he was not certain. She wasn’t surprised, like Anya had been that first time they encountered each other.
Taking a look at Cassandra, they were nothing alike at all. Cassandra’s breasts were too big, her back too slouched, her smile too impish, her eyes too calculating. And she did not have the riotous pile of hair Anya had about her shoulders, the one he wanted to endlessly run his fingers through. Pierre swallowed an expletive. He thought he could get over Anya, maybe use Miss Cassie for the night. But it was Anya in his head, in his heart. Always Anya. “It looks like you need to use this room. Then I must be going Miss Cassandra.”
Cassandra blocked his way to the door. “Won’t you please call me Cassie? We’re friends after all. Nobody’s around to scold us.”
“Well, Miss Cassie,” he wouldn’t let go of the ‘Miss’ just yet, “since nobody is here to scold us, then we both have to be responsible for our actions. And my first action of responsibility is to prevent you from being caught in a compromising position.”
“What if,” she walked two fingers on one of his arms, “I do want to be in a compromising position?”
.o000o.
Pierre let out a hollow laugh. Things, he felt, were going to get worse. “Then you came to the wrong man, Miss Cassandra. I look upon you as a friend and nothing more, because in truth I am no longer available. Now I must get back to business.”
Cassandra pouted and slowly withdrew her hand from his shoulder. Then a wicked smile formed on her face. “It’s Anya isn’t it?”
“Pardon?”
“Your business?” then she threw her hands up in the air and let out an unladylike snort between bouts of unrestrained laughter. She clutched at her stomach and forced herself to calm before shaking her head. All Pierre could do was stand, stunned at this sudden twist of manner. “I don’t believe this! Anya, of all people, prim and proper herself, has taken on a lover?! Oh golly, this will be the talk of the town. And to think of tomfooling behind the curtains at her sister’s wedding.”
Pierre cursed mentally. So it showed, even through Anya’s well-planned scheme, the attraction he had for her. “Anya is no such woman.”
“Prove it.”
Pierre sighed. “Fine. How can I prove it?”
Cassandra sidled closer to him. “Let me kiss you.”
“Well excuse me, Miss Cassandra, but how is that exactly going to prove that Anya is no loose woman?”
“If you truly did not love each other, then you would allow me a single, chaste kiss. On the lips. Come now, nobody is watching. Just one little kiss Pierre.”
He couldn’t just leave Anya’s reputation in tatters. Besides, it was just one little kiss, wasn’t it? Surely he was allowed liberty too. So he took Cassandra’s hand and pulled her a bit closer. Then he gave her a quick peck on the lips. More precisely, a quick peck on the air in front of her lips.
But Anya didn’t know that. “Pierre?”
The two kissers stilled and, after a few seconds, turned to the newcomer at the door. Anya stood there, her eyes as bright as the stars that played peek-a-boo at the window. Cassandra smiled, as if the incident had been planned all along. As if the game had become more interesting at the Azarmonian princess’ arrival. 
“Oh my! You didn’t tell me Pierre, that you were meeting with your lady friend.” Cassandra said the last adjectives with a lazy leer, as if it had been an ordinary comment on an ordinary night. Pierre knew that Anya would mistake the scene, would conclude that he had told Cassandra that vulgar fact.
Cassandra floated through the distance between Pierre and Anya and the door. “I guess my seduction will have to wait for another time when you’re not busy. By the way Anya, so far he’s hasn’t been much of a kisser. But how am I supposed to know? You’ve spent more time with him under the sheets.”
The miss closed the door, leaving Anya staring at Pierre with haunted eyes and Pierre back with as much confusion.
How could she look so haunted? She had been waltzing in the bedroom with her lover. And if she could, why not he? The thought made him angrier than ever. Suddenly Pierre was glad she had caught him in a scandalous position with a family friend. Hopefully it scarred her as much as the bedroom dalliance scarred him. He shrugged a shoulder and proceeded to the table to reclaim his drink. “Is there something you needed to tell me?”
.o000o.
“How-” Anya paused, taking a deep breath. There was a tiny hitch in her inhalation, which, if Pierre had any care, could have been a sob. “How could you let her say that?”
Pierre could not look her in the eye. If he did, he would surely yell at Anya for her indiscretions. He swallowed a thick gulp and refilled his goblet. “You yourself told me not to reveal that we were wed. You kept your end of the bargain when you denied Lord Maximilian the information of our marriage. I simply returned the favor.”
Anya gasped. “You knew about Lord Maximilian.”
Pierre couldn’t take it anymore. He swerved, the goblet clutched tightly in one hand. “Yes! I knew! I knew it when I saw you on the staircase! When I saw you in his arms! When I saw you in the bedroom!!!”
“It’s not what you think-”
“What am I supposed to think?! That you invited him for tea and biscuits at nine in the evening?! In your nightclothes?!”
Anya came forward, hands balled at her sides. “I was trying to keep him away from you. It was for your own safety. And instead of keeping quiet, you tell Cassandra that I am a loose woman? How could you?!”
“How could I? How could you Anya?! You were the one flirting with Lord Maximilian!” Pierre downed another dose of the drink and slammed it unsteadily on the table. “And now I’m thinking Cassandra’s impression of you is not entirely incorrect.”
Anya could not believe what she was hearing. Here she was, ready to pour her heart in front of him, ready to lighten the masquerade a bit, and here he was insulting her. Her very own husband! If she did not have the morality of a princess she could have committed murder by now. “Surely you don’t mean that Pierre. You don’t understand Lord Maximilian the way I do.”
“Of course I don’t. You’re his lover.”
The words stung her like no other. “I am not his lover! And if it appears that way, it is because I’ve been trying to protect you! Don’t you see Pierre? He’s too powerful, even for my father. Pela is as strong as Azarmon, maybe even stronger now that its army has been increased. You won’t last a day against him Pierre!”
Pierre growled in earnest and sent the bottle of drink flying through the air – and landing in the unlit hearth of the chimney. “Don’t you dare lie to me!”
“I’m not! Oh Pierre, why can’t you trust me?!” Anya wailed, her tears falling in earnest now.
“Why? Do you trust me? Because the way you bait me into joining your pathetic charade doesn’t prove it. You convince me to join your schemes and yet when I try to help, you resist,” the bitterness of his comment seemed to tax the last of his strength, because he slumped into an afghan covered chair. “Now be a good lady friend and run off to your conquests.”
SLAP!!!
That was the sharpest sting Pierre’s face had ever tasted. “You ask me if I trust you?! Of course I do! In fact, I trust you so much that I let my heart fall head over heels in love with you! And I’d be damned before I let Maximilian kill you because of it!”
In a flurry of skirts and heaving sobs, Anya rushed out of that sitting room without a second glance at him. At a Pierre who was stunned speechless by the irate confession of love.
Did he hear right? She loved him? By the stars, she loved him! Him, who had compromised her just a day after they met. Him, who married her by force. Him, who owned a destitute kingdom without so much as field horses. Him who had thoughtlessly accused her of being a scandalous flirt without first investigating everything. By the stars, he was a damned fool!
No matter. He would go to her and apologize. They would talk and smooth everything. Then they would make amends and spend the rest of their lives happy and in love, for he knew that he loved her too. Oh he did love her! He would not deny it any longer!
But first he had to get rid of the pounding in his head. He had to get rid of the black cloud that was fogging his vision. He had to…
.o000o.
“Oh darling!” Anya heard her mother gasp as she entered the west parlor adjacent to the ballroom. “You look terrible.”
Anya consciously smudged at the red rims under her eyes and patted the back of her gathered hair. She sniffed upon seeing her mother’s concerned form haloed against the ten-o-clock sun seeping through the French windows of the music room.
Queen Olivia was seated at the white-painted pianoforte situated above a raised woodwork platform in the middle of the room. Around her were instruments of many kinds. Brass trumpets, horns and other wind instruments were arranged artfully above gold stands. Stringed instruments such as a hand-held lyre and a golden harp stood in one corner, along with other exotic musical devices Anya could not recall.
Instead of dwelling on the unnamed instruments however, Anya slowly approached her mother’s open arms. Once she walked within reach, her mother’s arms came about her. “My darling, darling daughter,” she murmured, “what has happened?”
Anya laid her head on Olivia’s shoulder and sniffed once again, shutting her eyes and focusing on trying to converse with her mother without wailing like a desperate fool. “I feel like such a fool.”
She felt her mother stiffen. “What happened, love?”
“Pierre and I had a terrible fight. Now I do know that he doesn’t love me. He didn’t return my feelings.”
There was a long pause before Olivia replied. “Well, sometimes things just don’t work out. Not everyone ends up like your father and I. Not everyone finds love.”
“Oh he did find it,” Anya suddenly straightened her spine and withdrew to look her mother in the eye. “In the arms of Miss Cassandra du Pela. I saw them.”
Anya thought she saw her mother’s shoulders sag. Funny. She had expected her mother to bristle in annoyance over the meddling woman. But then again, her mother was the more experienced about marriage than the two of them.
“How do you intend to cope?”
“I don’t know,” Anya answered truthfully. “I was hoping you could help me. After all, you and father went through the same thing.”
Queen Olivia sighed and led her daughter to the stool in front of the piano.
Anya sat on the plush-covered fixture when her mother indicated her to, and remained clasping her mother’s hands as the latter kneeled before her. Queen Olivia searched her daughter’s eyes. “While I am most fortunate your father and I were able to work out things between us, I have to say that, in all honesty, I’m not sure how to help you. All I know is that if things don’t work the way you want them to, you have to accept them as they are. I’m so sorry dearest. I wish I could be of more help.”
“Not the kind of advice I was hoping for,” Anya smiled a bit, “but thank you, mother. I’m glad you’re always there to listen to me.”
“Now,” Olivia patted her daughter’s cheek, “enough of this sad talk. It can wait to be fixed after your sister’s wedding today. Here, I think this will help.”
Anya wiped at her eyes again and watched curiously as her mother went to the far wall of the room and, from on top of an old side table, took a tin cup of what looked like maroon-colored tea. “What’s that?”
“Oh something the cook’s been giving me in the last week to help me relieve a few headaches.”
“Are you ill mother?” Anya was worried for her mother. She looked absolutely healthy on the outside, but she knew looks could be deceiving. I’ve certainly proven that with Pierre.
She cast aside the thought and regarded her mother, whose smile instantly reassured her. “Not at all, darling. Just a bit tired from helping Adele with the wedding specifics. Not as young as I used to be I guess. Here, drink this. And try to forget your spurned heart. Forget de Castolla for a while.”
Anya took the small cup and peered at the contents. It smelled funny, a little stronger than Magus Napoleon’s ale yet not too pungent that it would eventually make you puke. “It looks funny. And it certainly smells nothing like the herbal stuff I usually brew. Don’t tell me that cook and Alice have been trying to overthrow my title as healer.”
Queen Olivia laughed. “Oh no, at least I don’t think so. Now drink before it dries up.”
Anya obliged and found the drink not bad. And strong. She instantly felt a bit light-headed. Like she was being wrapped in warmth. Like she was being embraced by loving arms. By Pierre. Oh how I really wish he was embracing me.
“Well!” her mother’s voice broke through her melancholy thoughts. “I see by the pink tinge of your face that it worked. Now the only thing we need is a distraction. Something for you to do so that by the time of the wedding you’ll be completely relaxed and not miserable. A walk to the river perhaps.”
Anya paused. “The river?”
“Of course. It’s such a lovely day. The weather’s so fine that I’m certain a walk to the flower bushes by the river will do you good. Unfortunately I can’t go with you. Adele is sure to need my help with her gown any minute.”
Anya rose and smoothed out her gown, buying time for her reply in the process. It was just a walk by the river. She’d never actually stay for long. Certainly not long enough to meet with Lord Maximilian. She wouldn’t even go too far, just at the bend where the flower bushes eventually stopped, to be replaced by clumps of whiteweed. Yes, a silent walk alone would surely help her sort her thoughts. And by the time Adele and Colin stood before the priest, she’d be as eager and happy as the rest of their guests. “Well, all right. I’ll make sure to be back at lunchtime for the meal.”
“Take all the time you need, darling.” Olivia said as she gave her daughter a hug.
.o000o.
Anya walked close to the side of the river, the gurgling waves on the water spraying the right hem of her gown. Indeed, it was a beautiful day, with the sun climbing up a fair sky. Surely Adele and Colin’s wedding would be blessed. The elders of Azarmon often said that a marriage lasts eternally when the sun shines on that day. Anya sighed.
The sun shined on her wedding day, yet what was happening between her and Pierre was not proof of the ancient legend. Flashes of her wedding day wheedled their way into her mind, often causing her to stop and stare out at the other side of the river.
It had been only a few days ago, yet it felt like a lifetime. She could still feel the taste of his lips on hers, and the way he made her blood boil when he irritated her so. She recalled the way she saw him when he answered the door to his room. He was all heat and muscle, and she wondered of what would have happened if she did not cry off on her wedding night.
Some inner heat had wreaked havoc in her tummy when she saw his chest. Her palms had itched from wanting to traverse that healthy stretch of skin. This same inner heat had, albeit for a short time only, snared her on the one morning that they had slept in the same room in Azarmon. There was just something in the air when they woke up that morning.
She woke up before him, and she neither blinked nor moved away. Instead she watched and waited for him to open his eyes. The moment their eyes connected, something in the air crackled silently until Pierre smiled. The tension had waned as both got up at the same time and dressed for the day.
It was pretty clear to Anya that her thoughts had strayed too long when she noticed that she was beyond the bend in the river. And there, the backdrop was eerily quiet. The chirping of the birds had disappeared, as did the rustle of leaves to indicate the continuous dig of small woodland creatures for food. Even the wind had died down, as if waiting anxiously for some signal before snapping back to life.
“Well I’ll be the son of the stars! I thought you’d never come.”
Anya swerved and almost slipped on the muddy bank of the river because of being startled by Lord Maximilian’s voice. Hand to her heart, she faced the lord and offered a tentative smile. “I was just taking a walk to get a bit of fresh air, my lord. And since I’ve accomplished my task, I think it’s time I head back-”
“Surely you did not forget that I invited you to a lunch-out?” Lord Maximilian said as he stretched out a hand to help her from the bank. Anya had no choice but to take his help if she wanted to get out of being stuck. “I was assuming that our picnic was the reason you had wandered to the river this morn. I expected you later, but a breakfast picnic is not so bad too.”
“I assure you that it was not my intent to stray too far from the castle,” Anya said testily as she tried to pry the lord’s unrelenting hand from her own. She was now clearly standing on the grass and did not need further aid in balancing herself. “I intend to return in time for my sister’s wedding lunch.”
“But it’s not even noon yet, Anya. Can’t we just stay here for quite a while? You don’t need to eat anything. I would gladly appreciate the company.” He tried to retrieve Anya’s hand again.
The determined look on Maximilian’s face seemed rather dangerous, so Anya was careful in saying her next words. “Listen, my lord. I accept your apology for trying to take advantage of me yesterday. But the fact of the matter is that, while I forgive you, I will not allow myself to be alone with you.”
Maximilian frowned. “Surely you can spend a few minutes with your future husband.”
Anya fumed. “Now see here-”
Before she could continue, the love-struck lord grabbed her wrists and went on bended knees before her. “Dearest Anya, Princess of Azarmon, will you do me the honor of being my wife?”
“Your wife? Your wife!” Anya stuttered. “You must be out of your mind! I can’t be your wife.”
Lord Maximilian’s frown deepened, as if he did not understand the words from her lips. “Silly girl. Of course you can be my wife. And you will be. You love me.”
“Now where did you get that idea?” Anya pulled her hands from his and backed a few steps, hoping that some servant from the castle would pass by them at any moment. She definitely did not like the madness evident in the man’s eyes. “I’ve said this before, and I’ll say it again. I don’t love you Lord Maximilian. I’ve never loved you.”
The man, upon hearing these words, gnashed his teeth and sprang up from his bended position as if a beast had been unleashed from his being. “How can you not love me?!” He stalked her like a deranged predator. “You have to love me! The potion should have worked! You should be in love with me! And only me!!! It should have worked unless – unless you love someone else already.”
Anya continued her backward pace, trying to estimate how many more careful steps she could make before dashing for the head of the river bend. “Yes. I suppose you’re right. I’ve fallen in love with someone else. Now please Maximilian, stop this insanity and let me go. Find someone who can and will love you.”
“No!” All at once the madness flared in his eyes. He revealed a curved dagger that hung from a loop in his belt and quickly unfastened it. In a flash, the blade was a mere inch from Anya’s throat. “If I can’t have you, nobody will.”
. o 0 C H A P T E R 1O 0 o .
Everything seemed hazy and unreal. Pierre squinted his eyes. Better.
Pierre felt like his mouth had been stuffed with cotton, and that his eyes had been weighed down by the heaviest set of armors. From what he could remember, he blocked out after drinking the most potent brandy he had ever had in his whole life. He groaned and tried to get up as memories of the previous night bombarded his aching head.
Despite the deadly headache that was hounding his wits, he could not smudge the stupid grin off of his face. She had said that she loved him, and the stars knew how hard he had fallen for her. She was a petite, intelligent, selfless, stubborn woman and he loved her for it. And it ached for him to see her cry.
His frown returned as he remembered he had been the one to make her cry. He was blinded with jealousy, which led to an evening in chaos. His anger got the best of him, and now Anya believed that he was carrying on with Miss Cassandra.
Pierre got up from the couch and readjusted his shirt. He then buttoned his jacket and hand-combed his head of thick hair before proceeding into the hall.
The servants were busy going back and forth, carrying flowers, and letters, something or other related to the wedding that was going to take place in the afternoon. Some of the guests that were to serve as witness to the ceremony were already out and about, chatting with each other or heading to the dining hall for a late breakfast. Some of them greeted him while he made his way to the royal chambers.
He knew that he looked like a fright, with his blood-shot eyes and a shadow on his jaw from not having shaved yet, but he would not do anything else until he found Anya. They would talk everything out, like he had planned the night before.
But before he could even approach the main staircase that led to the upper rooms, he heard Queen Olivia, Princess Adele, Lady Rebecca and Miss Cassandra talking in the library.
“What do you mean she was with me? I haven’t been away from Adele’s room since last night. Why would you want to talk to my daughter anyway, dear? I’m sure I can give the message to her.” Queen Olivia was saying.
Pierre peeked through the library door just before Rebecca replied to the queen.
“Pardon, your highness, but what I have to say is of a very sensitive nature. You may be displeased with what you learn.”
“Well if it is sensitive, and concerns Anya, we should need to know about it.” Adele pointed out.
Rebecca looked at her daughter and, upon the young woman’s nod, she snapped her fan closed and tapped her free hand with it. “I have gained knowledge that Princess Anya has been carrying on an affair behind your backs. We believe it is necessary to subdue, if not isolate her from the guests at the wedding. Who knows who else will be able to see her indiscretion.”
Queen Olivia’s face remained stoic while Adele’s flushed red in anger. “And who,” the latter asked, “is this man who has so charmed my sister?”
“The Castollan gentleman, Sir Pierre,” Cassandra said eagerly. “It appears they’ve been… seeing each other for some time now. Frankly, I never thought Anya could be such a girl.”
Enough was enough. Pierre strode into the room unannounced and stood by Princess Adele. “Of course we’ve been ‘seeing’ each other. She is my wife, after all.”
At this, Cassandra’s jaw dropped and Rebecca looked like the wind had been knocked out of her. The former quickly shut her mouth, gulped and tried to regain her composure. “But – but… you’re married? Why didn’t you tell me?! Queen Olivia, did you know about this?”
“Yes she does,” Pierre snapped. “And you never asked me if I was married before you began flaunting yourself in front of me. Now,” Pierre directed the command to Lady Rebecca, “my lady, I would appreciate it if you and your daughter not meddle in family affairs. Especially if you do not know the full truth of the affair you wish to meddle in.”
“Yes, Sir Pierre,” Rebecca muttered.
“And I don’t want my wife called a trollop or anything as degrading as that. It is an insult not only to the princess and the royal family, but also to me personally.”
“Yes, Sir Pierre.”
“If you should utter a word against Anya, even just the tiniest slight to her person, you will see all of Azarmon and Castolla’s anger upon you. Understood?”
“Yes, Sir Pierre.” Rebecca agreed through tight jaws. “Will there be anything else?”
At Pierre’s nod of dismissal, Rebecca curtsied to the queen and princess, and dragged her pale-faced daughter from the room. Pierre breathed a sigh of relief and turned to the two remaining ladies. “Good morning, your highnesses.”
“Do you think?” Princess Adele sighed and began pacing the room. “At 6 AM, Prince Colin has been pacing like a lunatic in front of my bedroom. At 7, a part of the hem of my dress tore. At 8 those madwomen pull me out from repairing my dress. And now, to top it all off, Anya is missing from her fitting!”
“Now calm down, Adele,” Queen Olivia had to stand in front of her daughter to prevent her from going overboard. “It’s just the wedding jitters. Anya must just be somewhere around here… Pierre should know. Right Pierre?”
Pierre shook his head and stuck his hands in his trouser pockets. “We had a row last night and I ended up sleeping on a couch. I’m looking for her right now, actually.”
Princess Adele stopped and cast a worried look at Pierre. “You know, just before you came in, Cassandra said that she’d seen mother and Anya talking in the music room. And then Anya had slipped through the glass doors into the gardens.”
Queen Olivia rubbed at her temples and looked desperate. “But she wasn’t with me. I was never in the music room.”
Pierre sorted through all they had said. “Where do the gardens lead to?”
“To the river nearby,” Adele replied. “Do you think she might have gone for a walk?”
It was not like Anya to go off on morning walks. From what Pierre knew of her, she would have preferred riding Bernina in the cool morning air. But still, he had upset her badly last night, and might need the long walk to forget about him. “I’ll go and check the path to the river. In the meantime, if she is indeed out, I hope she knows how to defend herself. It’s not safe being alone, especially now.”
Olivia and Adele nodded their agreement, and took their leave shortly afterwards.
Pierre, now assuming that Anya had gone out of the castle, retraced his steps and passed the sitting room into the music room. He looked out of the glass doors and saw the path that meandered through the blossoming flower beds.
A passing waiter in the hall offered him some bread rolls, and he quickly snatched two. One he gobbled up as a quick breakfast, the other he put in his pocket. He hoped it was enough of a peace offering to Anya. He sincerely doubted it.
.o000o.
The cold from the tip of the dagger’s blade drifted through the slight space, reaching Anya’s neck. She stared at the eyes of the man drowned deep in his madness that not even words of reason could penetrate through his gaze. Lord Maximilian’s breathing was erratic. His chest rose and fell with unrestrained anger. “What say you, Princess? Come with me now or die!”
“I can’t,” Anya begged, trying to play the part of a frightened girl. She was no warrior but she had not spent countless afternoons watching Alice through defense-practice for nothing. “Please. Let me go. Please!”
“No!” The crazed lord dove, slashing his dagger to the left. Anya was lucky enough to step back, but the tip had scarred a part of her neck. A few drops of blood trickled down and stained part of her dress collar. But she did not take note of this as she continued her retreat.
“Who is it?! Tell me!”
“Stop! Please stop!” Anya was really frightened with the intensity of his hatred.
“I’ll kill him. And you! I’ll kill you both! Did you hear me? You both!”
He lunged again, slashing away a part of Anya’s sleeve. Anya knew that her only hope of surviving the assault would be if someone – preferably strong enough to knock Maximilian out – happened to pass by them. She dearly hoped that someone would pass by them. Otherwise, her only recourse would be to jump into the river. She wasn’t even one hundred percent certain if she would survive the currents that now swept rapidly with the change of the season. “Please don’t do this. You can’t possibly kill a princess. You’ll be executed.”
“Then I go for plan B!”
Anya felt the edge of the knife pressed against her waist when Maximilian flung himself on top of her. In a thrice, she was on her back, her assailant pinning her to the ground and urging her to remain in that position at knife-point. “I’ll have you one way or another. And when your senile father finds out that I’ve taken you, we’ll be married. And then I’ll come to you day and night.”
He caressed Anya’s cheek with his free hand, his fingertips trembling as if he could not wait to carry out the plan he had in mind. “Oh yes,” he said in a soft whisper, “I’ll come to you anytime I want to, even if you don’t share my sentiments. And it will hurt. I assure you it will hurt. I won’t stop the hurt until you beg me for my forgiveness or-”
He yanked a lock of hair on the side of Anya’s scalp to expose her neck, and inhaled her sweat and fear. “Or until you kill yourself.”
“Stop!” Anya screamed, although her lungs were burning from being pressed to the ground with his heavy weight. Her side was hurting because she was still straining to get away from the sharp dagger. One wrong move, one wrong breath and she would be impaled. She did not want to die. She needed to live.
There were so many things that she had not done yet. Azarmon needed her. Her family needed her. Castolla was waiting for her, counting on her guidance. Adele was most probably waiting for her right now as well. She had yet to build her apothecary. She had yet to crown her husband.
Her husband. Anya closed her eyes and pictured Pierre’s face. Memories flashed before her, all showing the different ways Pierre could look. She remembered the time he had looked at her with amusement. And with desire. And with protectiveness. She could clearly see his brooding face as he contradicted whatever it was she said to him. Their short kisses and even their petty arguments brought tears to her eyes. Was that all they had to share? Were those memories the only ones she would carry in the afterworld? “Please Maximilian, unhand me…”
He did nothing.
Anya waited for several heartbeats before opening her eyes. Lord Maximilian was still on top of her, and the cold, calculating smile on his face was even more terrifying that the deranged scowl of earlier. “Or what about this? I can frame your man for rape and murder.”
“What? No!” Anya screamed as Lord Maximilian ripped a part of her sleeve and, using his full body’s weight to pin her motionless, tied her wrists together. He quickly maneuvered to lay the other way and ripped the hem of Anya’s dress, against the princess’ protests.
“No! No!”
Maximilian bound her ankles with the torn cloth, avoiding Anya’s frantic attempts to kick him in the face. He then stood up and hauled Anya over one shoulder, oblivious of the way the girl screamed in both pain and fury. “Let’s see how your lover reacts to finding your cold, dead, RAVISHED body downstream!”
“NOOOO!!!”
.o000o.
“ANYA!!!”
Sir Pierre dived onto the deranged Lord, almost letting Anya fall into the raging river that was before them. “I won’t let you hurt her!” he yelled as he tackled the man onto the ground, and grappled with him so that finally he was on top of the offender.
Lord Maximilian was strong, stronger than he had expected. They rolled sideways, far from the bank of the river and almost at once separated, springing in different directions. Maximilian’s breaths were deep, as if the struggle had been too much for his lungs to take. The Castollan gentleman too was breathing heavily, and his muscles coiled with tension.
Pierre looked behind him, to see Princess Anya, on her stomach on the ground, eyes wide open and fearful. The ties around her hands must have been pretty tight, for she was still struggling to loosen them. And though he wanted to help her, he still had Lord Maximilian to contend with.
“So you are the man Princess Anya has been with.”
“I’m her husband, yes.” Pierre taunted, pulling a dagger from his belt.
Lord Maximilian’s rage multiplied tenfold as he said those words. His eyes were blinded with red as he took out another dagger from the heel of his boot. “Traitors! Both of you! You will die under my hands!”
At this, he plunged at Pierre, but the latter was fast. The Pelan lord, too blinded by his rage, had little or no control over his body. This was to Pierre’s advantage.
“I won’t let you hurt my wife.” he said, attacking the man from behind as his momentum carried him forward. The hilt of his dagger made a resounding crack as it connected with the back of Lord Maximilian’s neck. The lord gasped to recover the breath that had been knocked out of his passage, and bent his knees to regain balance. By the time he turned around however, Pierre was not in his attacking position anymore.
Instead, he circled Maximilian. In the blink of an eye, he repeated his trick again. This ended up in Lord Maximilian sprawled unconscious on the grass, a wide black and red bruise close to bleeding at the base of his skull.
For a moment, Pierre could do nothing but stare at the motionless lord, not believing that he had struck a man of higher rank than his.
Not higher in morality, however. Pierre, upon heavier contemplation, was glad that he knocked the man off his feet. If he had not, he would surely have been the one on the ground, and most likely dead instead of just unconscious. If he had not arrived in time, surely Anya would be carried away on a strong current by now.
“Are you alright?” Pierre rushed to Anya’s side and helped her to sit up. He could see the relief in her eyes despite the tremors of fear that kept shaking her. He cut through the cloth binds around her wrists and ankles as she remained shaking and speechless. “Anya, sweeting, are you alright?”
Anya did not seem to hear him, even see him. She stared at the unconscious Lord Maximilian, whose neck did indeed bleed now. “Is he… is he dead?”
“No,” Pierre said as he gathered Anya into his arms. Only once Anya leaned into him did he realize that he too shook with fear. Somehow, the feel of his princess safe in his arms eased the fright. They sat there motionless, taking comfort in each other’s presence. A crow squawked from a tree branch and only then did Pierre stir to move away. “I have to tie up that bastard before he wakes up and harms you. Stay put.”
“Wait!” Pierre stilled as Anya’s hold tightened on his shirt. “I’ll help you. Just… don’t leave me here. Please?”
The insecurity in her voice shattered whatever shield held his emotions in place. He smiled at her, because he knew that another deeper meaning was in that question. “Oh darling, sweeting. I’d never leave you,” he soothed, running his hand through her unbound hair. “Why would I leave? I love you. So very, very much. I could never leave.”
It was as if the dam inside Anya cracked. Her tears fell, her sobs hitched, her very hands trembled as she placed them on either side of his face. She reached up and brushed her lips against his.
“I’m sorry I didn’t come right away,” Pierre said as he stroked her lips with his in reply.
“Nonsense,” Anya laughed despite her tears. “You have impeccable timing.” Anya pressed her lips firmly to his then, and Pierre knew that she had forgiven him. His arms tightened around her, never letting her go. They sat there and kissed, the unconscious lord forgotten in their reunion. But not for long, because the thunder of hooves echoed around the bend.
King Malcolm appeared on horseback, followed by Alice, Stephen and a handful of Azarmonian guards. He took one look at the scene before him and ordered the guards to tie up the sprawled lord. He nodded to Stephen, who quickly produced a set of handcuffs and chains from his saddlebag.
Pierre relinquished Anya to Alice when the latter hopped off her horse and ran fiercely towards them. “Oh sis! What happened? Mother sent us to search for you. By the stars, is that blood on your neck? And your hands!”
“I’m fine, Alice. Pierre saved me.” She smiled at Pierre before wiping at her eyes.
“We have to get you back to the castle and see to your wounds,” Alice tugged her up, but Anya swayed once she was on her feet.
“I… I seem to be a little lightheaded,” she breathed. “Oh…”
Pierre stood up quickly and caught her as she listed to one side. He swung her effortlessly into his arms and strode to his stallion. Once seated on the animal, with Anya settled securely across his lap, he glanced at the assembled royalty. He nodded to King Malcolm and said “I’ll be taking Anya back to the castle and seeing to her needs.”
“We’ll clean this mess up,” the king replied, “Your brother and my daughter will follow you for protection, just in case.”
“Thank you, Your Highness.”
“No need to be so formal. You’re my son-in-law, after all.”
. o 0 C H A P T E R 11 0 o .
“I never thought I’d end up like this,” Anya said as she rubbed the end of her nose. It was stuffy, itchy and very near to sneezing. “This is ridiculous! Of all the side effects that could come from drinking a love potion – ha, ha, HACHOOH!”
Anya sneezed into the pristine white handkerchief that had been crumpled in one of her fists. The sneeze was so strong that her chemise was in perfect disarray after she wiped at her nose. Beside her, leaning onto the same oversized pillows propped on the headboard of the canopy bed, Pierre smothered his laugh and looked out of the window instead.
After arriving at the castle, Pierre insisted that she rest upstairs. At first she refused, telling him that she needed to find Adele and Colin and apologize for the uproar her absence created. But Pierre had persuaded her to go upstairs, and now Anya realized that he had been correct. The love potion that she drank was now making her head spin. And her sniffles were going out of control. She could barely discern the shape of the white-painted furniture scattered about the room and the intricate gold embroidery upon the canopy curtains, for a thick sheen of tears had formed in her eyes from sneezing.
“This is all you fault!” Anya scowled, smacking Pierre on the arm with the now soggy handkerchief. “If you hadn’t been such a hard-headed jealous ass in the first place, none of this would have happened.”
“But then I wouldn’t have known that you loved me,” Pierre said with finality, a glitter alive in his eyes. His gaze was soft as he pulled Anya into his arms. “Come now sweeting, it’s not all bad.”
“Not bad? I feel as if my nose is about to fall off in an instant,” And as if to prove the fact, Anya sneezed mightily several times. And after this she could not stop blubbing like a scolded child. “Stars in the heavens, what is wrong with me?!”
“Oh Anya…”
“But I’m bawling like a baby!”
“That’s just the potion.”
“Well I want whatever this is to stop. My head is so tired from spinning.” she said, clutching at the lapel of Pierre’s shirt.
“Close your eyes,” Pierre said, “and lean into me. Just keep still and soon the room will stop spinning.”
Anya did as he obliged and in no time she was yawning. She curled her hands into the material of Pierre’s shirt and buried the tip of her nose in his sleeve. “Wake me up… when… when Magus Napoleon shows up…”
“Of course I will.”
“I… love… you.”
“I love you too, sweeting.”
And Anya slept for quite some time, while the whole Azarmonian Castle continued with the wedding preparations. She had insisted that the wedding continue without her. Adele and Colin argued, telling her that it was alright if their wedding be delayed and that the guests would just have to deal with it. But despite her drugged state, Anya insisted that the wedding take place. She threatened that she would not rest until her request was granted.
While their conversation had been going on, King Malcolm and his team arrived. The unconscious Lord Maximilian was quickly and secretly sent to the healer’s chambers while the king sought out Magus Napoleon among the mingling crowds in the ballroom. He tasked the magus to investigate the weird circumstances of the day, and gave him freedom to questions whoever needed to be. He used this permission as efficiently as possible, talking and interrogating the members of the royal family, guests, even the servants he distrusted. Afterwards, he knew he was supposed to report to Pierre and King Malcolm.
It was with this intent that he stepped into Princess Anya’s chamber three hours later.
At his entrance, Pierre lifted his eyes from the form of his sleeping wife. He gave a slight nod to acknowledge the magus’ presence. Napoleon returned his nod as Pierre roused Anya from her short rest.
“Better?” Pierre whispered as he helped Anya to sit up. The latter looked much recovered after the brief nap. In fact, her nose wasn’t so red anymore.
She nodded and looked to Magus Napoleon, who had seated his person on a lattice-work couch near the head of the bed. The latter smiled and took the princess’ hand in his. “I know,” Anya started, “that you came here to discuss with my husband about my – my attack. And since this event concerns me, I would like to know the details as well.”
“Pierre?” the magus asked.
“Carry on,” Pierre said, one arm curled protectively around Anya’s shoulders.
“Very well,” the magus angled his chair so that he faced the princess directly. He took out of his shirt pocket a tiny cup, the one that Queen Olivia had given to her in the morning. “We found this in one of the waste baskets in the kitchen. It isn’t designed like the palace dinnerware here. In fact, it looks like a common teacup from some caravan inn.
“I let some healers test the remaining lumpy residue at the bottom, and they concluded that the lumps were precipitates of a delicately-brewed love potion. In other words, Queen Olivia was the one who poisoned you.”
Anya’s eyes widened. An involuntary shiver raced through her. “My own mother?”
“I said Queen Olivia, not your mother.”
“But how?!” Pierre demanded, rising to his feet yet not removing his hand from Anya’s shoulder. “It’s not possible that Anya has a different mother. She and Alice are twins. Of course they look different, but when you look closely enough-”
“Enough!” Magus Napoleon silenced him with one wave of his hand. “I’m not daft enough to forget Anya and Alice are twins. What I’m saying is that the Queen Olivia who talked to Anya this morning was not her mother.”
.o000o.
Anya gasped. She had shivered earlier, but now she trembled as if she had seen a ghost. Pierre noticed this and was quick to kneel down beside her. He framed her white face in his hands and talked to her softly. “What is it, sweeting?”
Anya gripped his elbows so tight, he thought his joints would unhinge. “A Shifter. I was tricked by a Shifter.”
Magus Napoleon replaced the small cup in his pocket and strode to the window nearest the bed. He looked out over the garden, assessing each of the invited wedding guests that took time out to stroll under the sun. “That’s the only explanation I can come up with. Since nobody ever really saw any strangers lurking about, I can also say that the Shifter responsible for dallying with Lord Maximilian must still be somewhere in the walls of this castle.”
“So it means we can trap him?” Pierre asked, his eyes glinting with the fire of vengeance. He would kill the man for trying to ruin his wife. He’d make sure the man would rot in the afterworld ten times over.
Magus Napoleon nodded, still looking out at the assembled guests. He, after a few seconds of silence, drew the curtains together. This plunged the room in semi-darkness, making the royal couple anticipate what it was he meant to say next.
“The guests to Adele and Colin’s wedding come from as far as Kantillan shores. Although Shifters are a reclusive lot, some of them are here to witness the ceremony. I can estimate about thirty-seven to forty Shifters in the lot, half of which have been aspiring to be Azarmonian citizens.”
“So,” Pierre said, “all we have to do is round up the Shifters and identify which one of them was trying to lay their hands on Anya.”
“And why,” Anya said, her voice a bit stronger than before. “We have to know why this man is going after me, and why he wanted to fulfill Maximilian’s stupid obsession with me.”
“It could be possible,” Pierre said, “that the man is a close acquaintance of Maximilian. A relative perhaps? Then he might have reason to bring you into the family fold. He might be after your attachment to the kingdom.”
Before Anya could voice her agreement, Magus Napoleon stepped forward. “I will assemble a discreet interview with the Shifter guests here.”
“You will be questioning them one by one?” Anya asked.
“Yes, that’s what I’ll be doing. We can’t rush a hundred guards and cease the guest.”
“Why not?!” Pierre argued, “Anya could be in danger at this moment. The perpetrator could have a plan B. It may be too late by the time we find out who our opponent is.”
“But we can’t proceed with frontal arrests, de Castolla. It will cause wide panic among the guests, not to mention make an enemy of the whole Shifter population.” Napoleon emphasized this point by striding to the window and reopening the curtains, letting the flood of sunset colors into the room. The chattering of the excited guests lifted into the wind and channeled through the glass shutters, partially open to the balcony. “This will cause tension among the kingdoms.”
“Do you honestly think I would put Anya in danger?! Do you honestly assume I will stand aside and let you make decisions for my wife?!”
“Pierre please,” Anya clutched at his arm before he could rise and confront the Magus face-to-face.
“Quiet Anya, just rest here a moment-”
“But Pierre-”
“Anya, not now.”
“Yes now!” Anya insisted, clutching Pierre’s arm to her tighter. “Magus Napoleon is right. A tiny fuss-”
“That was not a tiny fuss!” Pierre growled, grabbing Anya by the shoulders and momentarily forgetting Magus Napoleon was still standing by the windows. “You almost got killed out there!”
“Nevertheless, I don’t want the kingdom to be relieved from this threat only to be replaced by another, bloodier one. I am the princess bonded to Azarmon and I will protect my kingdom no matter what happens. It is what I was sworn to do. I’m sorry if I can’t consider most of your suggestions.” Her voice cracked. “Please understand Pierre. I’m counting on you to understand. I need you to understand.”
“I do! I really do, Anya.” Pierre’s heart felt as if it would spill over with love for Anya. He had watched her manage his kingdom – their kingdom – on her own. She had handled her demons and insecurities on her own. To understand her commitment was the least he could do, but he wished he could do more. He returned to Anya’s side and held her close, closing his eyes at the same time she did hers. They clung to each other desperately. “I understand more than you know, sweeting. I’ll stand by whatever decision you need to make, because I love you. I love you so much, and I don’t know what I’d do without you.”
Anya sought comfort in his arms, urging her heart to calm. She needed to hide the trepidation she felt because of the danger that tailed her. She knew how difficult it was for Pierre to accede to her wishes. He had never followed an order his whole life, even going so far as to live away from his father. Now he laid his whole heart for her, and she loved him to the ends of the world for it.
.o000o.
The dank cells and misty cobwebs were nothing compared to the icy fear that was lodged in Anya’s heart. While the ceremony was going on in the ballroom two floors above, she was meandering through the labyrinth of halls and steps that comprised most of the Azarmonian castle’s dungeon.
She could not believe that she was able to convince Pierre to attend the wedding ceremony without her. She insisted that she would be fine, and had sent him off with a smile and a promise that their non-existent wedding night would be remedied soon.
Yes, it would be remedied soon, she thought, just as soon as I get this confrontation over with.
Anya rounded another corner and, upon reaching the seventh sconce, felt for the ring of keys in her pocket. The keys made a jangling sound and grabbed the attention of the man in the cell before her.
“What are you doing here you whore?!” a very dirty, very angry and very heavily-bandaged Maximilian struggled to the iron bars that held him trapped.
Anya swallowed down her fear. The man was locked and weaponless. She had the keys on her, not on him. “Who are you working for?”
Maximilian grinned and shrugged a shoulder, then winced once a slice of pain hit him. “What’s in it for me?”
“I asked you a question. Who are you working for?!”
“If I answer your question, will you leave your husband for me?”
“Never.”
“Then I don’t see why I would want to help you.” Maximilian’s whole body sagged like the life had drained out of him. “Tell me love, what does de Castolla have over me? I have a title, money, a powerful army ready to defend you against all harm. What does he have that I can never give you?”
Anya exhaled and ducked her head, key-ring firmly grasped inside her skirt pocket. She was not partial to threats, but if the man did not bend she would have to change her tactics. “That is beside the point Maximilian. Please tell me who has been manipulating you. If you don’t, I will – I will push for your execution instead of the exile I originally proposed.”
“Don’t you dare!!!” Maximilian raged, grappling the bars with his hands as if he could break them with a single turn of his wrists. “Once my father hears of this he will rush to my aid. My army will crush your Azarmonian forces and you will be my prize.”
Anya gasped, but soon recovered from her shock without a trace that she had one. She knew she had to look more convincing. The princess approached the bars carefully and looked the criminal straight in the eye. “Your father will agree to whatever punishment we will bestow you, because he has no choice otherwise. Colin and my sister are being married. My husband will not hesitate to call Castolla to arms. We will have an army nearly as numerous as yours.
“So what will it be, my lord? Your master or your destruction?”
Anya knew she was winning when Maximilian began to tremble uncontrollably.
“But I do not know who he is!” Maximilian wailed. “Every time he summons me, he wears a cloak over his whole figure. He even has a guttural voice I could not place. He sounds like the very Nothingness himself!”
Anya thought about this for a moment before continuing. “Then how do you summon this man? Or does he call upon you?”
“I leave him a message upon the old tree in the garden. If he does not come the following night, he leaves a note with a date and place of where we are to next meet.”
“Hmm…” Anya loosened her hold on the keys and turned to walk away. “Very convenient.”
“Are you… are you still executing me?!” Maximilian yelled after her just as she was rounding the corner.
Anya turned back to look at him, eyes wavering with indecision. Finally she knew she had to confess to him. After all, after this whole mess was through, she was sure she would not be seeing him again. “I’m sorry. I… I lied. The one who is supposed to decide on your punishment… is my husband.”
Maximilian turned white, then red, then screamed to the heavens before crumbling into a heap on the floor. “No! NOOO!!!”
Anya could not watch anymore.
.o000o.
 “I don’t think it’s a good idea to be sneaking about in the middle of the night.”
Alice gasped as the low voice addressed her in the darkness. “You startled me!”
The princess turned around. She could barely see the brick walls and the cobblestone floor of the palace hall, but she knew who owned the silhouette following her every step. As if sensing that he had been spotted, Stephen emerged from the shadows by stepping into the moonbeam.
He was the most attractive man Alice had ever laid eyes on. And she was sure that he would always be the most attractive one. The particles of dust dancing in the moonlight that entered through the high window only enhanced the stunning green of his eyes. He had on the crooked grin that made her spine shiver in anticipation. “The unseen enemy hasn’t been caught yet. The palace isn’t safe.”
“And yet here you are, following me.”
“Why are you in this part of the castle anyway?”
Alice hesitated. There was something strange going on.
But still. This was Stephen, her betrothed. Her week-long and soon-to-be-forever love affair. If there was any man she would trust more than Magus Napoleon or her father, it would be Stephen. She smiled and reached out for his hand, which the man eagerly placed under hers. “I am spying for my sister. She has a hunch that whoever is targeting Azarmon is part of the guests here at the wedding. I think I might be able to catch him tonight.”
“That seems like a far-fetched idea, don’t you think?”
Alice sighed. That’s what Magus Napoleon said. However, a nagging feeling in her stomach told her she was close to the traitor’s hideout. “Magus Napoleon has cross-examined all the visiting Shifters, but not the other guests. I plan on spying on those other guests to see if they have any hidden talents, if you know what I mean.”
“And how are you going to see those hidden talents, especially in the dead of night?”
“I have my own talents, if you don’t mind.”
“Oh, I’m sure you do,” Stephen said, moving closer to her. He stopped just in front of her and held her by the waist. Their foreheads touching, Stephen moved in for a kiss. When Alice reciprocated it with vigor, he moaned aloud. This nightly game of cat and mouse had to end once they were married. Every nightly rendezvous only made him hunger for more contact with the spitfire princess. He slipped his arms fully around her, holding her for as long as he could. He savored whatever corner of Alice’s lips he could trace with his own, until he had to come up for air. “Yes,” he breathed “that definitely is talent.”
“I have to go now,” Alice murmured, breathless as well. “Will I see you tomorrow?”
“Of course you will,” he kissed her swiftly. “and the day after… and the day after.” He did not want to part with her lips just yet.
“Enough Stephen,” Alice giggled. “I really have to go now.”
“Can I not come with you?”
“You’ll only slow me down and wake up the whole castle with your ridiculous flirting.”
“You wound my heart, madam.”
“Then I shall have to heal it.”
“With a kiss?”
“With Father’s liniment.”
“Ouch.”
Alice looked at him fondly before reluctantly stepping out of his arms and turning around. She did not want to be distracted. Her safety depended on her concentration. And with Stephen, her concentration usually narrows down to his delicious face and lips. Anya’s life was in danger. “Be careful going back to your room, Stephen.”
“You should follow your own advice.”
“I will.” Alice proceeded down the corridor, not once looking back. For this reason, Stephen sighed and returned to his rooms. He did not see the slight shadow that approached Alice once he had his back turned to her.
.o000o.
The canopy’s front curtains were drawn and tied to the lower bedposts. The curtains to the left and right were unfurled and touching the floor. The hearth in front of the canopy bed crackled as a gentle gust of wind blew from the semi-open window of the royal bedroom. It cast a soft glow on the two figures snuggled amongst the voluminous pillows, their bodies warmed by the mauve-embroidered white sheets, each other and nothing else.
Anya lay contented in the curve of her husband’s arm, lazily dragging her palm against his unclothed torso as her eyes began to droop. Though she was prone to fall asleep, she forced herself to remain conscious. She wanted this, their first joining, to last forever. But Pierre’s caress on her bare shoulder and the beat of his heart so close to her own was beginning to lull her to slumber. No, she would not sleep. She would remain awake all night and continue to replay the scenes of love, recall the pleasure and pain, relish in the memory of the afterglow he had given her.
He had loved her well, taken care of her from the moment he had taken her hand and led her to the bed. Never had Anya thought everything would happen like this. She had imagined being married to a man who would not see her as more than a route to the council and the throne. She had imagined either being trapped with an old prune or chained to Maximilian’s side. But Pierre was none of these. He was her husband and loved her, emotionally and bodily, despite the insecurities she had spilled forth for him to see.
She claimed she did not know anything about wedding nights. Pierre had taken her hand and taught her. She claimed she was not as beautiful as her sisters. Pierre had kissed her anyway, which made her feel like she was the most beautiful woman in the world. She claimed that she knew nothing about being a mother, if ever they were blessed with children. Pierre had laughed.
“You mother Azarmon like it was your only babe. You’ll do fine, sweeting. If you really do need to worry, worry about mothering our little one to death.” Pierre had said, just before the kiss that made her think she was the epitome of beauty.
Our little one. It sounded heavenly. Perfect.
He could be growing inside me now, Anya mused.
“What are you smiling about?” Pierre asked softly, looking down at her with a loving gaze. Pierre had not thought that he would marry. Carry on a mistress in the loneliness of his old age perhaps, but never marry. He expected to join the afterworld alone and lonely. His sudden candidacy for the Castollan throne and his Azarmonian sweeting had changed everything though. Now he saw color where there once was grey, laughter where there once was silence, life where there once was none.
“The baby,” Anya sighed, snuggling closer to his side.
This delighted Pierre, making him grin from ear to ear. She was now talking about a future child when just before she had expressed her fear of handling babies. He brought his cushioning hand from behind his head and moved it over the soft curve of her stomach. “You’re quite certain we already have a child in here.”
The gentle rumble of his words soothed Anya. She placed her hand over his and gazed reverently at the connection. “I’m not sure if I’m that ready, but I’ll take each day as it comes.”
Pierre turned his hand over and interlocked their fingers. He wanted Anya to know that he would be there for her every step of the way, whether it be building up Castolla to its former glory or changing an infant’s napkins. “You’ll do fine. I can already see you chasing her around the castle and trying to put her nightgown on. I can see the both of you poring over her storybooks in the middle of the nursery’s carpet.”
“You want a girl?!” Anya exclaimed, pushing up on her elbows and staring wide-eyed at him. “But – I thought – I didn’t know – by the stars, Pierre! What if it’s a boy?!”
“Hush now, Anya. You’ll wake the whole castle.”
“But Pierre, you want a girl. A girl!”
“Why? Did you want a boy?” Pierre said, amusement etched all over his face. He reached up to caress her cheek. He had imagined a mini-sweeting with pretty black eyes and ribbons in her hair traipsing through his study. But a green-eyed image of him was just as good. For Anya, he would do anything; even wish for the gender of the child she wanted despite their having no control over the situation.
“Maybe. I assumed you wanted a boy. That is, my father wanted a boy to take over his throne. But he ended up with the three of us.”
“And I thank Fate by the minute for that.”
Anya lay beside him and closed her eyes. She knew that by morning his scent would be branded on her skin, and it made her feel like the luckiest woman alive. “I want a healthy little nipper with his father’s beautiful green eyes.”
Pierre lay silent for a minute, before smiling to himself. “We could try for both.”
“Both?”
“Both genders. Twins. A boy and a girl.” Pierre moved so he was partly hovering above his wife, who was now watching him from between sleepy lids. “Of course it will take plenty more effort, plenty more time if need be.”
“You’re just making this up,” Anya mused, sliding her hands over his shoulders and linking them behind his neck.
“It may work. We can never be too sure.”
Anya wanted to point out the absurdity of his suggestion, but the moment she opened her mouth his own was pressed against hers. Her protest was lost amidst the fireworks that had ignited between them.
Later (much, much later), Anya was barely keeping her eyes open. This wedding night business had been the busiest, most tiring night of her life.
“You’re not asleep yet?” Pierre asked, his voice ever the gentle rumble.
“Can’t,” Anya yawned. “Don’t want to. Not until you do.”
“Close your eyes,” Pierre gathered her closer, spooning her body from one side. He pulled the covers over the both of them and kissed her on the temple. “Sleep.”
Anya did sleep.
However, the moment Pierre left their chamber in the morning, she too awoke. She approached the door and found a slip of paper under it. Anya smiled, knowing that Alice had carried out their plan successfully. She now knew their hidden enemy and did not intend to miss her chance at seeing the enemy punished.
. o 0 C H A P T E R 12 0 o .
It was another beautiful day in Azarmon. The sun cast its morning glow over the dewy gardens of the Azarmonian castle. The trees were swaying to the caress of the wind, and the flowers began unfurling their petals to catch the sunlight and attract the colorful butterflies. The commoners were just waking up, the palace servants just starting their daily chores. Everyone was happy, except for two grumpy gentlemen.
Colin yawned as he readjusted his jacket over his yet unbuttoned shirt. He was sprawled out on a settee in the library, one leg carelessly draped over the left arm, the other stretched out on the floor. He had no boots on, and had not shaved his morning shadow yet.
Pierre fared little better. Though his shirt was buttoned, he did not have any jacket on at all. His shirt tails hung over his crinkled pants, and his hair looked like a bird’s nest. He was still very sleepy. So sleepy that he did not notice his half-brother enter the library.
“Well aren’t you two the perfect picture of health?” Stephen chuckled. He raised his morning cup of coffee to his lips. But before he could touch a drop of the brew, he raised one eyebrow and stared unabashed at his brother. “Anya’s work of art, I presume?”
Pierre groaned and opened his eyes. “If not for your morning call, she would still be adding on a few finishing touches to my façade.”
“I’m surprised. Who knew she had it in her?” Stephen chuckled at his brother’s crankiness. Who knew that one teeny tiny woman could drive Pierre to his knees.
He turned to Colin. “And you?”
Colin groaned aloud before cursing his luck. His first day as a wedded man and already he was being dragged out of the honeymoon. “Steph, would you shut up and give me some of that coffee?”
Stephen rolled his eyes. “You two do realize the importance of this meeting. We need to keep our girls safe. The sooner we find out who is responsible for this mess, the better. Now speaking of our girls, how are yours doing?”
“Sleeping,” Both men replied, and then grinned at each other as if congratulating the other for a job well done. This time Stephen was the one who groaned. But before he could come up with some aloof comment that would embarrass his love-struck comrades, the library door again opened and King Malcolm entered.
“Good morning lads,” he addressed the two. Unlike the mussed up youths sprawled in his library, Malcolm looked the picture of cleanliness. He even had his own cup of coffee in his hands. “I trust you had a wonderful night? How were my daughters?”
“Well…”
“Um…”
Colin’s and Pierre’s faces were so scarlet they looked like tomatoes. And Stephen enjoyed the scene. He roared with laughter, almost sloshing the coffee out of his cup. “Well if that doesn’t beat all! I must say, Your Highness, you have a way with words.”
The king continued by tasting his coffee, an act that hid his mischievous smile from the rest of the room’s occupants. When he was finished, he sat at the desk and addressed his company. “Magus Napoleon won’t be joining us today. He has matters which he needed attending to.”
“So early? And right after a wedding?” Stephen said, “He’s hard-working for a man of his age. Are you sure he’s to be trusted?”
Colin snorted, trying to fix his jacket once again. “I’ve known the man my whole life. If there’s anybody to be trusted, it’s him.”
“That’s right,” Pierre said, “Anya has known the magus all her life. And if Anya says the magus is doing nothing behind our backs, then it’s the truth. If there’s anyone who can solve this mystery, its Anya and Magus Napoleon.”
“In fact,” the king said, “they’re doing that very thing right now.”
“See Stephen, they’re doing that very thing-” Pierre paused. It was as if a charging horse had knocked some sense into him. “They’re doing what?!”
The king picked up his cup again and began sipping loudly. He looked as if Anya and Magus Napoleon faced danger on a daily basis, and he had come to accept the fact. “Anya and Magus Napoleon are, right now, trying to solve the case of this invisible enemy.”
“And you’re just telling me this – what – NOW?!” Pierre roared.
“What else was I supposed to do?” King Malcolm teased “Barge into your chamber in the middle of your breeding and announce Magus Napoleon’s plan?”
Pierre grew even redder at this statement. The stars knew what the king might have barged in on if he ever had. Shaking his head clear of the thought, he stood up and approached the king, just as Colin and Stephen were beginning to do so. “Your Highness, I demand to know just how and where this plan is supposed to happen. And how I may be of assistance.”
At this statement, King Malcolm stopped drinking and assessed the young man in front of him. Pierre was flanked on both sides by Prince Colin and Stephen. They looked like mercenaries at the ready. Any man would be proud to have them as sons-in-law. “Assistance? I thought for sure you’d barge in on the occasion and take the reins from Anya.”
Pierre sighed, placing both hands on the tabletop. “As much as I would like to do that very thing, I know it would be fruitless. Highness, I love your daughter with all my heart and I will do whatever it takes to keep her safe, but only if I have her permission. I realize that now. So if she decides to take on this challenge without my direct assistance, I will not stop her. I only wish to stand close enough in case anything untoward should happen.”
“You are a wise man, Pierre. A true king,” King Malcolm emptied his cup and started for the door. The three young men followed him out, ready for whatever battle they needed to face.
.o000o.
Anya felt the bark of the old, gnarled tree in the middle of the Azarmonian garden. It was many feet taller than her, and many hands wider. The grass below the tree grew in clumps of long and short blades. Above her head, the long branches spread out and fanned their leaves. Truly, it was a beautiful tree, if only it had not been used for an evil plot. She had to persuade her father to cut the thing down, because it would only remind her of the threat against her life.
“Princess? Are you alright?”
Anya turned to smile at her early morning visitor. Stephen stepped closer and raised his hand. Anya accepted his help off the curved root that she stood on. “Oh nothing. Just getting a breath of fresh air before returning to my husband.”
Stephen smirked. “He’s really that important to you, isn’t he?”
“He owns every part of my being. I love him so much.” Anya closed her eyes and sighed dreamily.
“Lucky bastard,” Stephen murmured good-naturedly.
“Alice loves you too, you know. Don’t you ever break her heart, Sir Stephen, or you’ll have to answer to me.”
“I know. I’d never hurt her.”
Anya nodded and smiled again. “Well I better be off on my walk. Don’t want to miss the morning blossoms waking up to the day. Will you be going back to the castle?”
“Yes,” Stephen said, “who knows when the old magus will call for another meeting.”
“Speaking of the Magus,” Anya replied, “he’s been acting a little strange lately. I know he’s been cross-examining the Shifters, but he hasn’t reported to my father for quite some time now. I wonder where he’s gotten to now.”
“Hmm…” Stephen sighed, “That’s what I’ve been thinking. Don’t you suppose it’s Magus Napoleon who’s been in connivance with Maximilian? He seems to fit the picture.”
“Oh?” Anya looked up at him. This was interesting. “How so?”
“Large body, burly hands, deep voice. But don’t get me wrong Anya. I’m not accusing anybody. All I’m saying is that you shouldn’t trust anybody too much.”
Anya smiled as she let go of Stephen’s hand. She placed a kiss on his cheek before stepping back completely. “No need to worry about me, Stephen. I’m a big girl.”
“Now that’s what I’m afraid of.” Stephen grinned.
“Oh posh. I know how to take care of myself.” Anya straightened her deep violet skirt and the collar of her gown before nodding to Stephen. She knew that she could take care of herself, except at times when she was being ambushed by a traitor. Or that time with Lord Maximilian. She shivered involuntarily, but covered it up with an impish smile “Well, I have to get back to my walk now. Those morning blossoms will be waking up pretty soon. Will you be going back alone?”
“I guess so,” Stephen graciously bowed before her.
“Then you better watch your back… Lady Rebecca.”
Before the traitor knew it, a blade was being pressed to her throat. ‘Sir Stephen’ gasped as a hand clamped down on his right arm, pinning him in his place.
“How – how did you know?” Lady Rebecca stuttered. Her plan had been full-proof, her disguise impeccable. Nobody was supposed to suspect anything of her. How could she have ended up being cornered by Alice and Anya?
“Don’t say another word, milady.” Alice pressed the blade tighter. “And you just had to use Stephen’s body.”
Rebecca ignored Alice completely, instead turning her gaze to the princess that had ruined all her plans for revenge. “I had everything completely under control. You were supposed to blame Napoleon!”
“Your tongue ran away with you when you mentioned the exact physical description of Maximilian’s superior. Is that the reason why you took his form every time you met with Lord Maximilian? So you could trick all of us? So you could turn us against the magus?”
Rebecca shouted in a fit of rage. And as she did so, she returned to her true form. She wore her hair in a bun, and a black gown covered her from the neck downwards. Black gloves sheathed her hands from the morning cold. When all her breath was spent and her chest heaving with indignation, she smiled coldly. Never had Anya seen such a calculated smile on the woman’s face before. Had she another trick up her sleeve?
Before anybody could act on it, Rebecca took a sharp hairpin from her pocket and swerved around. The pin stuck directly into Alice’s neck, and all at once she dropped motionless on the garden’s path. Rebecca laughed as she picked up the unconscious princess’ form. She retrieved the thin dagger and turned it on Alice. It scraped against the woman’s neck and drew a drop of blood. “I knew that blackroot poison would come in handy one day. It will only take another slice of this dagger and she’ll be dead.”
.o000o.
 “What did you do to her?” Anya tried to come closer to the woman kneeling over her sister’s body.
“I poisoned her,” Rebecca said noncommittally. “She’ll be paralyzed for about ten minutes. Enough time for me to kill her.”
This was bad. Anya needed time. Magus Napoleon was not yet anywhere to be seen with the remainder of the council. Alice was about to die at the hands of their enemy and she could not even get closer. Ten minutes. If only she could distract Rebecca in that amount of time.
“Why? Why are you doing this to us?”
“Because you’ve taken everything away from me. You and your mother!”
“What does my mother have to do with this?” Anya asked nervously.
Rebecca sighed dramatically. The dagger weaved through space as her hand began making impatient gestures. She still had one hand around Alice’s throat though, so Anya could do nothing but remain where she was lest the madwoman decided to stab her sister. “When Malcolm was to choose his bride at the royal ball, he was to choose me. I did everything I could. I put on a fancy dress, fancy shoes, all the jewelry I could buy and still he chose Olivia. He chose my friend over me! Do you know hard it was for me to watch him take her in his arms?! To see them hugging and kissing and sharing morning walks?! Olivia didn’t even love him outright! I loved him! It hurt to imagine what they were doing in the night! In the privacy of their kingdom! Azarmon was supposed to be mine!”
“So you took it out on me?” Anya gulped.
“Oh no. I let it slide. I got married eventually, but my husband just had to find out who I was carrying on with under his castle. He just had to doubt me when I said he was Rebecca’s real father. He just had to find out I slept with one of his soldiers. And he dumps me! Me! For his no-good, farmer-girl lover and a boy not even his own!”
“I could excuse King Malcolm’s transgressions against mine, for my love for him is true. But I could not excuse my own husband’s injustice against my daughter. I had to take back Pela for Cassandra. So I planned to use my love potion on Maximilian. But Fate must truly hate me, for after I induced him with the potion he fell in love with you! And once again Olivia won!
“So what do I do?! I knew I had to kill you both. I had to make you fall in love with Maximilian, so that the two of you would get married. And on your wedding night I planned to poison Maximilian and stab you, and everyone would be so confused as to who killed whom, that a war would start between the two kingdoms. There would be chaos, and both Pela and Azarmon would fall! But you just had to fall in love with that Castollan. You just had to ruin my plans again!”
So this was Rebecca’s grand plan. She wanted to get back at Azarmon and Pela. Anya knew that she had to act carefully, but did not know how else to buy more time. “Father was never in love with you, Rebecca. He was never in love with anyone until he met my mother. And as for Pela-”
“Don’t you dare tell me what I do and do not know, child!” Cassandra yelled.
“Please Rebecca,” Anya begged, “Alice has nothing to do with any of this. Let her go.”
“Never.”
“I’ll do anything you want. Just let her go.”
Rebecca paused, though her madness was still visible in her eyes. “Anything?”
“You heard me.” Anya knew that she was sinking into deeper, more dangerous waters. But she had to keep her sister safe. There were just some things, some people, more important than your own life.
“Then,” Rebecca stood up and dusted off her clothes. “Come closer. So I can kill you properly.”
“Please,” Anya begged one last time, “I can help you Rebecca.”
But even as she spoke, she inched closer. “I can give you money, enough resources to start a kingdom of your own. I can even help you build a castle.”
“No! Azarmon is mine! Pela is mine! And soon everyone shall see their downfall. Everyone shall know of what happens to kingdoms that betray me.”
Anya gasped as Rebecca lunged for her, knocking her to the ground with a blade upon her throat. Rebecca towered above her like the shadow of death itself. She had a blinding rage over her eyes and a wicked, demented smile on her lips. Her hands shook as she steadied the dagger. Anya wrapped her fingers around the woman’s wrists, hoping that her strength would not ebb and that the dagger would not end up embedded in her throat.
Rebecca bit down on her fingers and Anya screamed with the pain. Her hold loosened, enough for the madwoman to raise the dagger high above her. “Now you die!!!”
Anya closed her eyes. Was this the end?
A whooshing sound followed.
.o000o.
An arrow was sticking out of Rebecca’s back.
“N-no…”
The woman, still conscious, dropped the dagger to one side, where Anya hastily shoved it away. Rebecca stood and turned about, blood streaming from a corner of her lips. Her eyes widened when they landed on a bow-wielding Pierre. Her gaze darted to the other figures standing on the sidelines. Colin and Stephen. King Malcolm. Magus Napoleon. Cassandra.
“Cassie?”Rebecca took a step forward, but failed to catch her weight. She stumbled to her knees as Cassandra rushed to her aid.
“Mother!” Cassandra wailed, running as fast as she could to her mother’s side. “Mother, I told Alice everything last night.”
“H-how could you?” Lady Rebecca’s cold, emotionless eyes landed on her daughter.
“I knew you were planning something when you encouraged me to flirt with Sir Pierre. I just knew you were planning something evil.”
“I was doing all of this for you… yet you betray me.”
Cassandra sobbed harder as her mother gasped for air. The blood running from her mouth did not stop. “Oh mother! I was content with our life! You did not need to do those things for me. You did not need to seek revenge!”
Rebecca could not say anything more, for the shadow of death was hovering so close in front of her. A few moments later, her eyes had rolled in the back of her head, and her hands dropped to her sides. Cassandra could do nothing but cry over her mother’s corpse.
From where Anya lay, she saw everything. She heard everything. Anya was saddened by how all this had to end. And somehow she felt sorry for Cassandra, whose only family had been taken away. In truth, Rebecca had already been gone the moment she planned her revenge. It was only a matter of time before she would crack under the pressure of having to carry out her plans.
“Anya? Anya!”
Anya struggled to get up, but managed only to sit on the path. Only then did she realize that Stephen was scooping an awakening Alice and rushing her into the castle. And that Magus Napoleon and her father were prying Cassie off her mother’s corpse. Only then did she realize that Pierre was running towards her like a madman.
“Pierre!” Anya exclaimed as her husband dropped to his knees and snatched her into his embrace.

“I thought I’d lost you,” He said as he held her tightly. “If I had not gotten here sooner, who knows what-”
“Shush,” Anya said as she rested her head on his chest. “It’s not important what would have happened. I do trust your impeccable timing. It must be a talent.”
Pierre kissed her soundly then, and Anya clung to him openly. All the danger was over, and they had survived everything. She was now free to love her Pierre without having to worry whether she would live another day. “Please, husband. Take me away from here. I wish to be alone with you.”
Pierre looked down on her and smiled, unshed tears in the corners of his eyes. “You called me husband. Directly.”
Anya nodded. Funny how she had never said so before. She was glad that she had done so now, for love poured directly from Pierre’s beautiful eyes. She was never going to take this man for granted.
“Say it again, sweeting. Please, for me.”
“I love you… husband.”
.o000o.
“He looks harmless,” Cassandra commented, wiping the tears off her eyes with the last of her handkerchiefs. She was attired in all-black. Even the valise that she clutched in her hands was black-lacquered leather.
Beside her Magus Napoleon stood, holding the keys to the darkened cell. “He won’t be able to remember anything once the potion affects him fully. All he will remember is that he is Lord Maximilian, future king to Pela… and your beloved.”
Cassandra gasped. “How… how did you know?”
“Know what?” Magus Napoleon continued tossing the key ring in his right hand, his eyes never leaving the prone figure on the floor of the cell. He felt no guilt for inducing a clearing potion on the man. Truly, it would serve more good than harm. “That you’ve been harboring feelings for him?”
Cassandra sighed and looked down at Maximilian. “I’ve been in love with him since I met him. But after his accident… all he’s been able to talk about was Anya. When I found out he was to take the Pelan throne… I was outraged. I felt betrayed.”
“The world has been unkind to you.”
“I don’t need the world to be kind to me.”
Magus Napoleon selected a key from those he had and used it to unlock the cell. He then opened it wide so that Cassandra could enter without having to crush her gown.
Cassandra placed her valise beside the door of iron columns before carefully approaching the man on the floor. “Will he,” Cassandra stopped for a moment before continuing her steps “will he learn to love me, do you think?”
“If you work hard enough on it, I am sure.”
Cassandra laid Maximilian’s head on her lap and caressed the hair out of his eyes. She then looked over her shoulder at the Magus. “This is my second chance. I will not mess it up.”
“Where will you go then, from here?” Magus Napoleon asked, gauging the woman’s reactions.
Cassandra knew that her honesty was being judged. She knew that as long as she lived, Magus Napoleon would have an eye on her, trying to find out if she had some plans of revenge of her own. “Don’t worry Magus. I will be returning to Pela with Maximilian. I will heal him, love him until he sees that there is no one more perfect for him than I. I won’t raise a hand against Azarmon. Or Castolla.”
“You had better not,” Magus Napoleon said, “For the day will come when Azarmon and Castolla unite as one. There will be a grander, more beautiful kingdom.”
. o 0 E P I L O G U E 0 o .
Pierre breathed in the fresh air as he slowed his mount to a stop. It was the end of the rainy season, and the sun would now shine longer. The plants of the dryer months were beginning to shoot up from the soil. Everything was growing again. Even Castolla.
He stopped in front of the apothecary that was, little by little, being completed. The herbs that were to be used in the small building were already bottled and stocked in the pantry of the Castollan palace. Some of them were even on the new caravan that Alice had set up.
Alice and Pierre now lived in Maya, but were visiting this sunny season with his in-laws. Colin and Adele on the other hand, were stuck in Auria.
Pierre laughed to himself. Colin was hovering like a mother hen over his pregnant wife. It was an amusing thing to watch.
But never had he seen Colin more devoted before. He was literally at Adele’s beck and call. Stephen had almost wished he would not become a father when he saw that Colin had traipsed through the whole Aurean forest looking for a mushroom that his wife just had to have for dinner.
Just as Pierre was about to turn right and check on the village parakeet, a lone rider emerged from the hilltop. The rider was working his horse so furiously that Pierre could not believe his identity once he had come considerably closer.
“Wendell?”
“Your Highness! Your presence is needed at the castle.” Wendell gasped a lungful of air before continuing. “You must ride back immediately.”
“I have to check on the parakeet.”
“Highness, you are required-”
“I heard you,” Pierre mentally smirked at the baffled man. “The parakeet is supposed to be able to fly farther today.”
“But-”
“I knew I was right when I suggested the bird to my wife.”
“Your Highness-”
“Speaking of my wife, where is she?”
“In labor Sir!”
“Where?”
“In labor!!!”
Pierre stopped, gaped and urged his horse back to the castle. “Good heavens, man! Why didn’t you tell me?!”
Before Wendell could reply, the young king had disappeared over the hill. The old man grinned, riding his horse at a slower, much safer pace.
.o000o.
“Come on, love, push!” Alice urged Anya again, not minding the pain that came from Anya’s grasping her wrist. “Push now!”
“What are you, insane?! I’m pushing as hard as I can!” Anya yelled at her sister, sweat beading her forehead and the soaking the front of her nightgown. The band of pain was sucking the energy out of her. The pains came  while she had been sewing more baby clothes, and had only increased. Now it was unbearable. It was as if a hundred hounds were trying to bite their way out of her belly. “I’m trying!”
Two maids were trying to make it as comfortable for her as possible, for the midwife had not come yet. And, knowing how terrible communication was between villages, Anya doubted she would ever come on time.
The pain momentarily ebbed, but then came back with a vengeance. The contractions were so much closer together now. It would only be a matter of minutes before the baby would come out. “Oh mother, where’s Pierre?! Where’s my husband?!”
“He’s coming, love. He’ll be right on time.” Queen Olivia said as she wiped the sweat from her daughter’s forehead.
“Right on time, my foot!” Anya gasped, then screamed, then gasped again. “First there was my bath! Then Prince Colin! Then Maximilian! HE and his impeccable timing!”
“Sweeting?!”
As if on cue, the door to the bedchamber slammed open. Pierre rushed to the bedside, taking Olivia’s place. “I’m here, sweeting. Everything will be alright.”
Pierre looked to Alice for confirmation. The latter nodded her head and moved to the foot of the bed to check whether the babe had crowned.
“You just keep saying that!” Anya panted. “Where were you?!”
“You told me to check on the apothecary, remember?” Pierre said cautiously. A mad Anya, even in labor, was as dangerous a mad pregnant Anya.
“Are you crazy?!” Just then, another contraction seized her. “By the stars, Pierre, make it stop! It hurts so much it’s scaring me!”
Pierre gulped and clutched Anya’s hands tightly in his own. He too was just as scared. Indeed, this was far more terrifying than the past threat to Anya’s life. He’d never heard his wife scream out in agony before, and it was poor torture. He wondered at how any man could survive through this phase. It was maddening! “You’re all right, Anya. I’m right here.”
“Pierre, please!”
“I’m right here, sweeting. Don’t be afraid. I’m right here.” His words seemed to calm her down a bit, and the panic had fled from her eyes.
“Just breathe, love. And push. Push when the pain hits. Do you understand me? I need you to trust me okay?” Olivia coached.
Anya nodded and concentrated hard on giving birth to the child. “I trust you.”
.o000o.
“Well now, that wasn’t so bad,” Alice removed the last of the stained beddings and handed them over to an awaiting maid.
“Mm-hm,” Anya agreed, holding little Pietro to her breast. The baby boy had a head of black hair and eyes as green as the rolling hills of Castolla. He also had a whopping appetite, judging by the way he suckled greedily at his mother’s milk.
“Oh Anya, he’s beautiful. He’s got his daddy’s eyes.” Olivia crooned.
“And his mother’s spirit,” Pierre said he helped Anya into a clean stole. He lost no time in getting beside Anya and watching their son fill his stomach. “Greedy little thing.”
Anya chuckled before resting back in his open arms. She looked up at him with tears in her eyes. One escaped and travelled down her cheek.
“Now what’s gotten you looking like that, love?” Pierre asked, smoothing the tiny droplet away.
“Thank you Pierre,” Anya sniffed, “For giving me everything I’ve ever wanted… and more.”
“Don’t think you haven’t done the same for me.”
“Your timing needs a little work though,” Anya laughed happily. “Could you come a little bit earlier next time?”
Pierre grinned. “There won’t be a next time unless we work on those twins we were planning about.”
Anya groaned. “Here we go again. Pierre-”
“Hush now Anya,” Pierre chided softly. “There’ll be plenty of time to argue over the best method for making twins. Right now you need your rest. Once Pietro slumbers, you have to get your shut-eyes too.”
“Do I have to Pierre? The day hasn’t even begun yet.”
“Anya,” Olivia said just before walking out the door, “do as Pierre says. It’ll do you good. Now Alice and I have to get to the others. They’ll want to hear the good news.”
For a moment, Anya had forgotten that the rest of her family was waiting in the parlor downstairs. She must really be tired. “I guess I have no choice, right husband?”
Pierre smiled down at her. He felt like his heart was filled, whole. Everything was as it should be in Castolla. Everything was perfect. “Yes. You feed our son, and then we sleep.”
“And when we wake up,” Anya replied “it’s going to be a beautiful day.”
“It’s going to be a beautiful life.”
END
###
About the Author
Angelaine Espinosa is a college student with a passion for writing. She’s striving to become a writing doctor (with singing and drawing on the side) someday, and is writing fantasy and contemporary romance to sharpen her literary skills. She also loves to write poems for her friends and schoolmates. She lives with her mom, dad, little brother and two adorable white mice named Tara and Girlie.
Up Next
When uptown boy meets hometown girl, there’s bound to be a little…
Holiday Mayhem
Ten years ago, Cisco Silver left the town of Tucket to prove that he’s no layabout. The town heartthrob left a string of broken hearts in the process, including twelve-year-old Peggy’s. When he returns to Tucket in the hopes of wooing Peggy, he’s surprised that the latter is married to his best friend.
Enter Sadie Goal, former high school achiever. She rescues a drunken Cisco from the bar where she works. And it’s in her house that Cisco decides to stay for the rest of his holiday leave. He not only finds unwashed dinner plates and unlaundered clothes at Sadie’s house. He also finds some holiday mayhem, in the form of a crazy roller-coaster attraction to little Miss Goal.
