
Copyright © 2013 by Melody Grace
Smashwords Edition 2013
***
Fall in love in Beachwood Bay…

Out now!



“The first time I saw her, I knew this girl was wilder than any stallion I’d ever trained. She was headstrong, wounded, passionate and free. And I had to have her…”

Brittany Ray doesn’t care about her bad reputation. Growing up in a sleepy beach town with a junkie mom and a runaway dad, Brit’s learned the hard way that the people you love will only let you down. It’s no use hoping for love or happiness. Some dreams aren’t meant for girls like her.
Hunter Covington is one of those dreams.
Gorgeous, charming Hunter is damn near perfect—and it’s killing him. Son of Charleston royalty, he’s been trapped in a gilded cage since the day he was born. Now he’s breaking free. He’s quit law school to restore his grandpa’s old horse ranch, trying to soothe the demons in his soul. But Beachwood Bay is full of old ghosts, like the mysterious girl who spent an unforgettable night with him—and then slipped away before dawn. Brit.
Everything about her screams danger, but Hunter doesn’t care: he’s never felt a connection so deep. And try as she may, Brit can’t resist the desire consuming her —or the safety she finds in Hunter’s arms.
A reckless passion. An undeniable bond. Scarred by their pasts, Brit and Hunter fight to heal old wounds. But will dark secrets tear apart their new beginning? And when love is the biggest risk of all, can they find the courage to face the future unafraid?


***
Copyright © 2013 by Melody Grace
Smashwords Edition 2013

Interior design by Angela McLaurin, Fictional Formats

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owner.

All rights reserved.
***

1. Juliet
2. Emerson
3. Juliet
4. Emerson
5. Juliet
6. Emerson
7. Juliet
8. Emerson
9. Juliet
10. Emerson
11. Juliet
12. Emerson
Free Sample of UNBROKEN
Acknowledgements





There was a time I didn’t believe in fate.
I read all the fairy-tales, watched movies with star-crossed lovers, but to me it always seemed like the coward’s way out, a way to never make a real choice about your life. When something big happened, or a change came along, I would watch people say, “it’s meant to be,” and let it all just happen, like they were driftwood tumbling in the tide, powerless to stop for one second and decide if it was really what they wanted.
I listened to my friends talk about soul-mates, and I couldn’t understand. How could they act like it was beyond their control, as if they were just pieces of a bigger puzzle, with no say in anything at all?
I didn’t realize: sometimes fate is the hardest choice of all.
That summer, I was on the edge of everything: my future, adulthood, a life of my own design. I’d waited to so long be free from the secrets of my past, it was almost within reach. Just one summer, and I could be gone forever, shed my skin and start fresh somewhere. Be someone new.
And then I crossed the county line into Beachwood Bay, and everything changed.
Because that’s the thing I didn’t understand about fate: there’s always a moment when you do have a choice. Standing there in the shallows, watching the wave roll in; feeling its power, knowing it might pull you under, but believing the water will carry your weight all the same.
It’s an act of faith. A miracle.
But you have to decide: give yourself up and surrender to a force far greater than you will ever understand, or turn and walk away—live the rest of your days safe on dry land, knowing that when it mattered most of all, you weren’t brave enough to risk it. You weren’t brave enough to love.
Yes, fate was real, and his name was Emerson Ray. He came crashing into me that summer, sending my plans scattering on the wind, and turning my whole world upside-down with just one wounded smile. I looked at him and knew there would be nothing easy about our destiny; nothing simple about my surrender.
The only question was, would I be brave enough to take that leap?
***


I wake with a pounding headache, lying next to a girl whose name I don’t remember.
Damn.
I lay there a minute, feeling a familiar burn of self-loathing as I try and think back how I wound up here. There was booze, a lot of it, I can remember that much. A buddy’s band was playing in a dive bar across town, the crowd rowdy and packed with cute coeds. I told the guys I needed to drive back home, but one drink turned into five, and then…
Everything’s a blur.
I glance over at the girl, sprawled naked and face-down on the sheets. I should know her name. Hell, I should remember what her face looks like, but as usual, I’ve got nothing.
I take a breath and try to slip out of bed without waking her. It’s a low move, just bailing, but I learned the hard way, it’s worse if I stay. She’ll want to go for breakfast, snuggle up to me, and make hopeful plans for dinner sometime, when everything in me is screaming to run. So, I let her sleep as I hunt for my jeans and shirt on a messy floor.
The room is small, with photos plastered on every wall. I pause by the door to check the identity of the girl, smiling out from her high-school graduation shot. She’s pretty, I guess. Bright smile, an innocent face. Someone’s daughter, someone’s sister.
I feel sick, and it’s got nothing to do with my raging hangover.
I look over at her body, still slumped, unconscious in bed. I should leave her a note or something, I know. But what would I say?
‘Thanks. I’m not going to call.’
No. Better to be gone, so she can write me off as the bad mistake I really am, and get on with forgetting me.
I let myself out and head down to the street. It takes me a moment to get my bearings, but then I see my truck parked up the block. I clamber up in the cab, still wincing from the pounding in my head. I search through the junk on the passenger seat for a bottle of water, and then I find them: black lace panties, torn at the edge.
Suddenly, it all comes back to me. The flirting over shots. The way she whispered in my ear. How I gave in and kissed her hard and fast, hating myself all the while, but hoping all the same that this time – with this girl – I’d find some escape, a way to forget my life, just for a little while.
But whatever I was looking for, I didn’t find it. And it’s morning now, and nothing’s changed. I’m still the no-hope kid of two messed-up losers who had no business being parents in the first place. I’m still stuck in some nothing small town, working three jobs to keep us all afloat. Still doing everything I can to make sure my younger siblings don’t wind up like me.
Shit.
I grab my cellphone, already feeling a rush of guilt as I dial my little sister. “Hey, Brit, you OK?”
She answers sounding pissed, but I don’t blame her. “I’m fine. What happened to you?”
“I’m sorry I didn’t make it back like I said.” I lean my head back to rest it against the seat, closing my eyes against the harsh glare of morning light. “Is everything OK there?”
“I don’t know,” Brit drawls. “There was a party, I wound up crashing at Keira’s.”
“Brit!” I exclaim, angry. Ever since she turned fifteen, she’s been pushing hard at the few rules I try to lay down. “What did we say about your curfew?”
“I don’t know why I have to go home if none of you do.” Brit replies, and although her voice is petulant, I hear a tremble in it.
Damn.
“Mom didn’t come home?” I ask, and I know the answer, even before she replies.
“Nope.”
The guilt gets worse as I imagine Brit alone in the house, waiting for Mom to stumble through the door in Lord-knows-what kind of a state. No wonder she went out partying rather than wait up all night for someone who might not come home. “What about your brother?” I ask.
“Ray Jay bailed in the morning, said something about a friend in Mobile.” Brit is silent for a second, then adds in a small voice. “Can you get some cereal on your way home? There’s no food in the house.”
“Sure,” I promise quickly, “I’ll pick up some groceries before I head to work. And, I’m sorry, OK? I should have called.”
“Whatever.” The sullen tone is back in Brit’s voice. “I’m heading to the beach with some people later. Don’t wait up.”
She hangs up, leaving me feeling like the worst damn brother in the world. Brit likes to talk tough, but I know that under everything, she’s still just a kid. A kid who shouldn’t have to deal with this shit, not if I can help it.
I quickly call my boss back at the bar and let him know I picked up the supplies he ordered, then I start the engine, and hit the road back to Beachwood. It’s an hour’s drive, and I throw on a mix CD full of angry rock songs. Even though the noise makes my head pound even harder, I need the noise—anything to drown out the guilt and shame trailing me, every mile I put between myself and last night’s meaningless conquest.
It’s a cloudy day, and as I head onto the coastal highway, it starts to rain: a grim drizzle, spattering against the truck windows. Despite the weather, summer season’s already started, and soon the road home will be packed with tourists and their rental cars, heading out to enjoy the small beach town for a few weeks. For now, it’s empty, save me and the car up ahead: a beat-up old Civic driving fast above the speed limit. I ease back and follow behind in lane, letting the music rattle through my brain, trying to numb the dirty, sleepless morning-after feeling itching in my veins.
I shouldn’t have done it. The bar, the booze, the girl. None of it. I’ve been there so many times before: a different place, another girl, and it always winds up the same, with me sneaking out the morning after, feeling like a piece of shit excuse for a human being. I don’t know why I keep trying, when I know how it’s going to end. I guess I still have this hope, that one of these days I’ll find it: that elusive escape. Some moment of peace. A way for the world to make sense—and someone who understands it.
Understands me.
The music goes silent at the end of the mix, leaving my thoughts way too loud. I reach over to find another CD.
Suddenly a bang sounds from the road.
What the—?
I look up in time to see the car in front spin wildly out of control—skidding on the wet highway, heading straight back towards me.
I yank the wheel around, swerving with everything I’ve got. Time slows as the other car skims past, just inches from the truck. I feel a shot of adrenalin racing through me, hanging on the edge as I desperately try to control my spin. I can see the passengers in the front of the other car as it careens past, but I can’t make out their faces. Then the truck hurtles off the road and I slam to a stop in a bank of sand and mud.
Silence.
I catch my breath, heart pounding in my chest from the near miss. Damn, that could have been bad. A head-on collision, in this weather? We’re lucky nobody drove off into the bay, or worse still, wound up with their brains splattered over the windshield from impact.
I shut off the engine and climb down, checking to see if the other car is OK. It’s come to a stop askew on the side of the highway, so I turn back to check out my damage. My truck is buried hood-deep in a sandbank. It doesn’t look too bad—the sand cushioned the impact, but now, there’s no way I’m getting it out without a tow truck. All this, and I should have been at work an hour ago.
A flash of motion catches my eye: a girl is hurrying away from the other car, away from me, like she doesn’t even care she just nearly ran us both off the road.
I feel a flash of anger and start after her. “Hey!” I call through the rain. She doesn’t turn, or even slow down, so I break into a jog after her. “Hey, wait up!”
I grab her arm and pull her around, her arm slight and soft under my grip.
“What?” She yanks back like she’s been burned. “What the fuck do you…?” Her words die on her lips as she stares up at me.
I stare back – taking in the soft pink of those lips, and then, slowly, everything else.
She’s young, eighteen or nineteen maybe, but radiating this fierce energy, like she’s wound way too tight. Her face is pale, heart-shaped and framed with tangled curls of dyed-black hair, but it’s her eyes that seem to sear right through me: thick-lashed jewels that lock fast on mine, not even blinking.
Suddenly the pounding in my head stops. Everything stops. It’s like she can see through me, like she sees everything I am.
I can’t look away.
The moment spins out for an eternity, everything else just fading away, like we’re caught in the eye of a storm. My chest tightens with a feeling I don’t recognize, some kind of recognition.
But that’s crazy. I’ve never met this girl before.
Sense finally breaks through my weird daze and I drag my eyes away. It’s like breaking a circuit: whatever weird sensation just flooded through me disappears. Now I’m just stuck on the edge of the rainy highway, feeling like a total dumbass.
“Where are you going?” I demand, still holding onto her arm. “You can’t just walk away from this!”
She pulls away, looking confused.
“Are you listening?” I bark again, still on edge. What the hell just happened? I’m not the guy who drifts off like that—especially not over a girl. Maybe the near-miss shook me up more than I figured.
Yeah, that must be it. Almost dying. Not the way she was looking at me, like we’d known each other our whole lives.
I wait for a response, but the girl still doesn’t speak. Concern suddenly ripples through me. “Wait, are you hurt?” I ask anxiously, moving closer again. “Did you hit your head?”
I reach for her face, trying to be gentle as I cup her jaw and slowly turn her head from side to side, checking for a bruise or cut. Her skin is soft under my touch, and when her eyes meet mine again, something blazes between us, like a shock of electricity that wakes every nerve in my body and sets them screaming with one thought.
Fuck, she’s beautiful.
The girl wrenches away from me, and something slams shut over her expression. Guarded, like she can’t get away fast enough.
“I’m fine,” she snaps, putting a few steps between us.
In a rush, I realize what a mess I must seem to her: last night’s clothes, probably reeking of beer and smoke and hell, sex too. No wonder she’s repulsed.
“Then you’re lucky I don’t kill you myself right now.” I try and get my head together. “What the hell was that back there?” I demand. Anger. Yeah, that’s what I need. I advance on her, glaring. “Don’t you know you shouldn’t drive fast in a storm?”
I expect an apology, maybe even some tears, but instead, the girl’s face blazes with fury. “First of all, I wasn’t driving,” she yells back at me. I step back in surprise. “And second, it was an accident! Our tire blew, it happens. How is any of this my fault?”
She scowls and folds her arms, pulling her T-shirt tight across her chest. The fabric is damp now from the rain, and it clings to the shape of her small breasts. I can see the lacy outline of her bra under the thin shirt, and the faint peak of her nipples.
Lust spirals through me.
I can’t stop my gaze from drifting lower, taking in the sight of her all over again. The damp hair tangling over her shoulders, the slim curve of her waist, her long legs, bare below hercut-off shorts, pale skin wet and shining in the rain. I have a sudden flash of those legs, wrapped around my waist; her soft lips parted, moaning my name.
How would she taste?
The thought whispers in my mind, but I shake it off and drag my eyes back to meet hers. She looks mad as hell, standing tough there in the middle of the highway, like she would try and rip me apart with her bare hands if I touched her, despite the fact I’m twice her size.
I try not to smile. She’s got guts. “How are you the mad one right now?” I ask, amused. “I’m the one with my truck totally fucked back there.”
She looks past me to where the truck is buried in the mud. She shrugs, like it’s no big deal. “Yeah, well we’ve got a flat tire and no spare.”
I grin at her attitude. “What kind of idiot doesn’t keep a spare? We’re miles out from anywhere.”
Her eyes flash. “Maybe the kind of person who drives in the city, where we have little things like cellphone signal and tow-trucks!”
I drop the smile. “You’re summer people.” I say. I should have figured: entitled asses waltzing in every year, acting like they own the place.
“Let me guess,” the girl snaps back. “You’re a townie with a chip on your shoulder. Well, maybe you should save the issues until we both get out of here.”
My mouth drops open in surprise. I’m about to let it rip about how she’s the one who got us into this mess in the first place, when I look around the empty road and realize, I’m still running late for work, and fighting over it isn’t going to solve anything.
“Fine,” I admit. “I’ll call for Norm to come get us.”
She frowns. “I thought there wasn’t signal out here?” The girl pulls a phone from her pocket and checks the screen.
“I’ve got a CB radio in the truck.” I tell her, turning to head back towards the truck. “Stay there!”
As I walk away, I hear a sigh.
“Where else would I go?” she mutters.
I turn, in time to catch her checking me out: her eyes lingering on my ass. Busted. I grin, watching as her cheeks flush a bright pink. So, she’s not a total ice princess, after all…
I know I should ignore it, just call in to Norm, and get back on the road. Leave this girl here with whatever’s making her so pissed; stay away from those dark, watchful eyes and those soft pink lips and all the fierce passion she has clearly just lurking beneath the surface.
But I can’t.
I want her.
“You didn’t tell me your name.” I call to her, still half-hoping she’ll tell me to get lost.
“You didn’t ask!” The girl yells back to me.
I smile, and wait another second, and then, finally, something in her expression gives.
She bites her lip. “Juliet.”
Juliet.
It figures. The girl was trouble. I didn’t pay too much attention in class, but even I know, Romeo was screwed from the first minute she walked into his life.
“I’m Emerson,” I call back, and then I can’t help but smile. Because she’s still looking like a dark, pissed-off angel there in the middle of the wet highway. Because for some strange reason, I feel better now, just knowing her name. Because when her eyes meet mine again, there’s a crackle of possibility between us, sweeter than anything I’ve ever known.
This summer just got a whole hell of a lot more interesting.
“Welcome to Beachwood Bay.”
***


The house is just the way I remember it from when I was a kid: sitting squarely in the lush, green yard like something from a picture postcard. There are blue shingles and a white trim, with a wide wraparound porch and a path winding past the house, back to the beach. As we pull off the back-road into the drive-way, I can see the pale sands of the shoreline through a gap in the trees, and hear the sound of the waves, crashing just out of sight.
The rain has passed now. The scene looks so peaceful, it’s hard to believe I’ve got a tight knot of dread in the pit of my stomach, just at the thought of being stuck here with my family for the whole summer.
“You OK now, sweetie?” My mom puts the car in park and turns to me, concerned.
“Fine.” I snap back, tearing the car door open and getting out.
“Are you sure?” Mom follows me around to the trunk. “Dr. Atkins gave us a prescription, for when you get these panic attacks—”
“It wasn’t a panic attack.” I cut her off, lying. “I was just freaked out. You did nearly kill us, remember?”
What I remember is that guy on the road, Emerson, and the total fool I made of myself stammering all over him. I cringe at the memory, hauling out my duffel bag and heading up the porch steps. When I try the door, it’s unlocked; I step inside, trying to calm myself down. I’ve been anxious and on-edge ever since our near-crash out on the highway.
Don’t you mean since meeting the hottest guy you’ve ever seen?
I pause. In a flash, I can see Emerson right in front of me: his dark hair wet from the rain, his shirt clinging to the muscles of his torso. He was wearing faded jeans and scuffed old work boots, with the dark ink of a tattoo spiraling up across one taut bicep.
Everything about him screamed trouble.
I blush, remembering his smirk when he caught me checking him out—and the heat of his gaze as he slowly raked his eyes across my body, from my head all the way down to my toes. I don’t think anyone’s every looked at me like that: with such blatant desire. It made me feel naked, and self-conscious, as if he could see through my damp clothes to every inch of my bare flesh. It set my blood singing in my veins, made my skin prickle with a quicksilver shiver.
It made me feel alive.
“What do you think, sweetheart?” My mom comes in behind me, snapping me out of the memory.
I quickly look around. It’s like a time-warp in here: childhood photos on the walls, the scuffed floorboards laid with threadbare rugs. Through the hallway I can see the kitchen and dining room with their faded floral wallpaper. “Just like when you were younger, right?”
“It’s smaller.” I reply shortly. She laughs,
“You’re just bigger now. My baby girl, all grown up.” Her expression gets wistful, and I have to duck quickly past her to avoid a hug.
“I’m going to unpack.” I tell her, already taking the stairs, two at a time.
“OK. I’ll bring in the rest of the stuff…”
Her voice echoes behind me as I check out the bedrooms on the first floor. There are two rooms here, and a small blue-tiled bathroom, but up another flight of stairs at the back of the house, I find another small bedroom, buried under the eaves. Mine. There’s barely room for an old dresser and a bed, but the room is light and airy, and the windows open out to a drop-dead gorgeous view of the shoreline.
I fling open the shutters, and heave the old sash windows up. I lean out, taking a deep breath of the salty sea air. The clouds are clearing, showing patches of blue sky, and I close my eyes a moment, feeling the sun burn through my eyelids. I should feel lucky I know, but no matter how beautiful the scenery is, nothing can shake the twisted truth, buried beneath my mom’s cheerfulness and all her bright chatter about what an amazing time we’re going to have here together.
It’s all a lie.
The familiar panic creeps back into my body, and I catch my breath, forcing myself to stay calm. I’ve been getting these panic attacks for years now, off and on, but lately they’re worse than ever. Stress, my doctor says – with senior year, and college looming – but school has always been the least of my problems. It’s only when I start thinking about the things I can’t control that my chest gets tight and my skin starts to prickle with heat, and a three-ton weight starts pressing down on me, making it hard to breathe.
Please, not now, I try and shut it down before the attack can take hold. I cross to the bed and grab my camera from my bag. It’s an old manual SLR model, a gift from my grandpa, and by now, it’s like another limb to me. I cradle the familiar case in my hands, carefully screwing on a new lens and winding on a fresh film. The routine calms me, the panic ebbs away. I snap the case closed, and thunder downstairs.
“Going for a walk!” I yell to Mom, who I can hear settling into the main bedroom. I don’t stop: racing out the back of the house and across the yard until I hit the sand. I kick off my sneakers and sprint down to the water, shrieking as the cold surf laps against my skin.
I snap photos of the deep blue ocean, tipped with white foam; the grey clouds blowing fast across the sky to reveal sailor’s blue and a bright midday sun. But no matter how much I focus on the frame, and light, and all the dozens of details that go into making up the perfect photograph, I can’t ignore the real problem.
Three months. Here, with my family, play-acting like we’re all OK? I don’t know if I can make it.
It’s bad enough when we’re at home: watching Dad knock back his fourth scotch of the evening, rolling his eyes and insulting Mom with obvious disdain. Worse still is the way Mom doesn’t seem to mind. She loves him, through it all, turning a blind eye to all his drinking and late nights with his TAs over at the college. I can stay out of it, most of the time: study late at the library, work my after-school job at the art supply store. But here, together under one roof, with my older sister too?
I’m going to lose my mind.
The only reason I said ‘yes’ to this whole charade is that Mom asked me. No, more like she begged, all of us. For some reason, she’s got it into her head we’re going to be one big happy family for one last summer before I go off to art school in California in the fall. I’m counting down the days until I can put a thousand miles between me and Dad, and Carina too, but there’s one thing tainting the thought of my escape: the fact I’ll be leaving Mom too.
The thought of her, alone in that house, with no support against Dad’s bitter, drunken tirades… It fills me with a guilt and shame that only gets stronger, the closer I get to leaving. But part of me resents her for it too—she’s made her choice, she’s choosing to stay with him. Choosing to love him. So why should I feel so guilty, wanting to get the hell away from that toxic house and never make the same mistake as her, never settle for something so cold and silent and still? Love isn’t meant to be a prison like that, trapping you with fear and insecurity. She could go, find something better—hell, anything would be better than the life she has with him—but instead, she hangs on, through everything, waiting for the affection that never comes.
Not me. I brace myself against the splash of the cold surf, breathing in the salt and wind, and the curve of the distant horizon. I don’t know what my life will hold yet, I’m just on the edge of everything, but I swear, it will be better than this.
It has to be.



I stay on the beach taking photos for the rest of the afternoon. When I get back to the house, mom is asleep in the porch chair, so I scribble a note and leave it on the kitchen table.
Gone into town to explore. Back later.
I pause. I’m still dressed in the clothes from the journey out. My shorts and T-shirt are dry now after the rain, but wrinkled and scruffy. I quickly race upstairs and change, picking out a pretty tank top edged in lace, and some cute blue shorts. I catch sight of my reflection in the mirror as I pull the fresh shirt over my head. I blush.
This isn’t for him. I tell myself sternly. For all you know, Emerson doesn’t even live in town; he’s just passing through.
Still, that doesn’t stop me dabbing on some lip-gloss, and fixing my hair in a braid before thundering back downstairs and out to the garage, to pick out one of the rusted old bicycles and push off towards town.
The winding back-road is empty, and the sound of birdsong and rustle of the trees in the wind is a strange backdrop after our city suburb, with the lawns all trimmed neatly, and cookie-cutter houses laid out in straight lines. But as I cycle, I’m not thinking about the scenery, or the freedom of summer stretching out in front of me. There’s only one thing on my mind.
Him.
Emerson. I roll the name around my mind, feeling that anxious flutter in my stomach just at the thought of him. It’s crazy, I know, the way I fell to pieces just from one look of those midnight blue eyes. When I remember the way I stuttered and stared at him in a daze, it makes me hot with embarrassment all over again.
And just plain hot.
I grip the handlebars tighter. It was never a big deal in high-school, but now I’ve graduated – about to head off to college – I’m realizing just how inexperienced I am when it comes to guys. To sex. The truth is, the sum total of my romantic experience is a couple of sloppy makeout sessions in the back room of some basement party with a guy from this local garage band. My friend Shana was dating the lead singer, and so when it got late, and everyone else was pairing off, I’d wind up hanging with the drummer, playing video games and killing time waiting for our friends to be done doing… whatever they were doing.
But even then, hooking up with him was more curiosity than anything: an experiment, trying to figure out what it was that sent Shana giggling after her guy with that knowing smile on her face; that made the girls in school pour over their cellphones and ditch class to meet guys. But the experiments never worked. For all my drummer boy’s enthusiastic groping, all I felt was restless, detached. I never got it, never knew what it was I was missing out on.
Not until Emerson smiled at me.
Jesus. I try to shake the thought away as I turn off the dirt road onto Main Street. One smile—it’s like I’m so starved of male attention that I’m melting for the first guy to check me out. But even as I scold myself, I know it’s not true. The heat in his eyes as they trailed over my body lit some answering flame in me; nerves and synapses crackling to life with a deep pull I’d only ever glimpsed from far away. Call it desire, or lust, or just plain possibility, but it was something new. And now I’ve had a taste, I can’t help but look for him on every street as I cycle slowly through town, hoping to see that red truck parked on the corner, or his tall, muscular body strolling down the sidewalk.
I make a slow circuit down to the harbor and back, but it doesn’t take long for me to tour the entirety of Beachwood Bay, and soon, I’m right back where I started. I pull over, fastening my bike up outside Mrs. Olsen’s, a cute little diner I remember serving the biggest ice-cream floats I’d ever seen. I must have been seven years old back then, but when I step inside the front door and the bell rings out, I swear, it hasn’t changed at all. Red chequered linoleum covers the floor, and a jukebox in the corner plays old Motown songs to the blue plate special crowd.
“Sit anywhere, honey.” An older woman calls from the front counter, so I pick a booth by the window.
Just in case Emerson comes by.
I pull out my workbook and busy myself until my shake arrives, sketching out plans for my summer photography projects. I want to work on my portfolio, so maybe I can do a series on the town, or something about the shoreline, and how it’s changed…
I’m lost in thought when the waitress brings my drink. “Thanks,” I say, and take a sip. Then I look down, and realize my hands are covered in dirt from the bicycle. “Hey, do you have a bathroom here?”
“Right in back.” She points it out for me. I leave my sweater in the booth but take my purse. I guess old city habits die hard: out here, they probably all leave their doors unlocked, and give rides to strangers.
The bathroom is a small, two-stall room. I’m rinsing my hands at the sink when I hear a muffled sobbing noise, coming from the occupied stall.
I stop.
The noise comes again, ragged, like someone’s weeping, and doing their best not to be heard.
“Hello?” I ask cautiously. “Is everything OK?”
Another sob comes, louder.
I move over to the door, and tap gently. “Can I get you anything?” I ask.
“N…no.” A woman’s voice replies, hoarse. “I…I’m fine.”
I stand there, awkward. “Are you sure? I could call someone for you.”
There’s a pause, and then the door swings open to reveal a woman huddled on the seat with tissue paper bunched in her hands. She’s older, in her forties maybe, wearing a cheap red tank top and jeans, with mascara running down her cheeks and dark roots under bleached hair.
She looks up at me, and her expression is so hopeless, I catch my breath. “Are you OK?” I ask again. She’s nervy, jittering, and I realize what’s wrong. I’ve seen it before, with my dad, every time he goes more than a day or two without a drink. “What’s wrong? How can I help?”
She shakes her head, inhaling and wiping her eyes with shaking hands. “I’m fine, honey. Don’t you worry.”
The woman gets up, and I stand back to let her past. She takes a couple of steps towards the door, and then her legs give way. I rush to hold her up, but her weight is too much for me. I lower her gently, so she’s crumpled on the floor, leaning against the wall.
“I’ll go get someone,” I say hurriedly. She doesn’t look hurt, but her face is pale, and her eyes are bloodshot; her whole body trembling.
“No, I’m fine, I just need a moment!” she protests, but I’m already out of the door.
I find the waitress by the register. “I need some help,” I say quietly. “There’s a woman back there, she’s in a bad way…About this tall,” I describe. “Blondish hair, red tank top…”
The waitress’s face changes. “Dawn.” She sighs with recognition. “Don’t worry, sweetheart. I’ll handle it.” She moves to the phone, and dials a number.
“Is she hurt?” I ask, worried.
“Only what she does to herself.” The woman’s tone is resigned. “Thanks for looking out, but we’ll be fine. Your shake is melting.” She points to my booth, but I shake my head.
“It’s OK. I’ll stay with her.”
The waitress shrugs, as if to say, ‘suit yourself’, and then starts murmuring into the phone. I collect a wad of napkins and some ice-water, and head back to the bathroom.
The woman hasn’t moved. Her head is tipped back, eyes closed, like she wishes she was anywhere but here.
“Here, you’re Dawn, right?” I say, crouching beside her. “We’re calling someone for you.”
She takes the water and sips, avoiding my gaze. I can tell she doesn’t want to talk, so I wait in silence beside her until, after what feels like forever, the bathroom door flies open.
“Get up.” The order comes in a harsh voice that sends a shock right through me. I recognize that voice, from just a few hours ago, but it can’t be….
It is.
Emerson.
I stare up at him, stunned. I can tell from the expression on his face, he’s just as surprised to find me here. He’s still wearing that faded grey T-shirt from before; his eyes a stormy blue as he glances quickly from Dawn back to me. “What are you—?” He starts to demand, looking so mad, I scramble to my feet.
“I found her like this.” I interrupt. “I’m sorry, I didn’t know… They said they were calling someone, but I thought I should wait, make sure she was OK...”
Now it’s my turn to trail off into silence, my words dying as I take in the anger and harsh, flinty resentment etched across his chiseled face. He looks like a totally different person to the guy I met earlier: that Emerson was smirking, flirtatious, playful. Even when he was yelling at me about the accident, there was something confident about him, full of swagger. But this Emerson looks hollowed out, so tense it’s like his body could snap with just one touch.
Hold him.
The thought comes from nowhere, and I fight it off, waiting until finally, Emerson gives a sharp nod. “Thanks,” he grounds out, like he means anything but. “I got it from here.”
He reaches down and grabs the woman’s arm. “Come on, mom.” he grounds out through gritted teeth.
Mom?
“You’re hurting her.” Before I can think better of it, I rush forwards and gently help Dawn to her feet. “Do you think you can walk OK?” I ask softly, looking her straight in the eyes.
“Sure she can.” Emerson interrupts, but I ignore him, keeping my focus fixed on the woman’s watery eyes.
“Just hold onto me, OK?” I tell her brightly. “Easy there.” I put my arm around her shoulders, helping her along, and slowly, we shuffle out of the bathroom and back into the diner. Thankfully, it’s almost empty, and the family in the corner is more concerned with the toddler grabbing at their plates than us. “Don’t worry,” I tell Dawn, guiding her outside. “We’ll get you home soon, OK?”
Emerson’s red truck is parked out front, slung at an angle across the street like he didn’t take the time to park.
“I got it from here.” he tells me curtly, when Dawn is delivered into the passenger seat. He doesn’t meet my eyes, or say anything more, he just slams the door and strides around to the driver’s side like I’m not even here anymore.
I stand a moment there on the sidewalk, frozen. I know I should leave them. This is none of my business, and God knows, it looks like he’s got enough to deal with, but something about the hollow resignation in his voice and the brisk way he shuffled her out of the diner breaks my heart.
He’s done this before.
Before I can stop myself, I open the cab door and scramble up beside Dawn in the passenger seat. Emerson looks over, his mouth dropping open in shock to see me here.
“I’m coming with you.” I say breathlessly. “I can help.”
Emerson scowls at me. “Get out of my truck.”
“No.” I reply, amazed at my sudden bravery. “I’m coming. I can help.”
He glares at me, fierce. “We don’t need your help.”
“Well tough, you’re getting it.” I snap my seatbelt on, and then help fasten one around Dawn. She’s sitting limply between us, crying softly like she’s got no energy left. “Go on, drive.”
Emerson stares at me another moment, his jaw clenched, then starts the engine. He drives angry through town, taking the corners too fast so I have to hold Dawn up against me to stop her slipping against her belt.
I don’t dare tell him to slow down. I still can’t believe I demanded he take me with them, I just know somehow, deep down, I can’t let him go through this alone. Even if he’s a stranger to me, even if hates me for it, nobody should have to go through this alone.
I should know.



Emerson takes us a little ways out of town, pulling up outside a squat, small bungalow half-hidden in the woods. It’s an old, run-down home in desperate need of repairs, but as I follow him to the front porch, I can see that the lawn is freshly mown, and there’s a fresh coat of paint on the door.
The small details make my heart twist: the sad evidence of someone desperately trying to keep things together.
We carry Dawn inside. I expect Emerson to kick me out or tell me to leave now, but instead, it’s like he’s given up on getting rid of me. When I send him to make some coffee, he obeys without a word, disappearing while I run a hot bath, and feed Dawn some aspirin and a glass of water. She sits, red-eyed in her underwear in the water. She’s zoned-out now, limp as a rag-doll as I wrap her in a robe and settle her on the bed in the master bedroom. She curls into a ball, ignoring everything.
On the bedside table, there’s a photograph in a cheap plastic frame. It must have been taken years ago, because it takes me a second to recognize Dawn, bright-eyed and smiling. She’s got a new baby in her arms, and another blonde toddler in her lap, and standing shyly beside her is a dark-haired boy I can’t believe is Emerson. I look closer. The edge of the photograph is ragged, as if someone’s been torn out of the shot.
The sound of Dawn’s breathing beside me slows, so I put the photograph back and cautiously wander out into the living room, still bracing myself for Emerson’s anger. The house is empty, but I see a flash of movement out in the yard, so I pull the screen door back and step outside.
Emerson is pacing in the back yard, a beer bottle in his hands. The sun is setting, and his features are shadowed in the dim light. I feel a flutter of nerves, but push them down, waiting for him to say something. Anything at all.
Nothing.
“She’s sleeping now.” I break the silence. “She should be better in the morning.”
“Better?” Emerson turns, spitting the word back at me. His face is still etched with anger, his eyes clouded and bleak. “How can you say that?” He demands, coming closer. “What the hell are you even doing here?”
“You needed me.” My response is quiet and trembling.
“Yeah? How?” Emerson roars. “What the fuck do you know about any of this?” he demands, furious. “You’re just some pampered brat with a beach house! What gives you the right to come into our lives, and act like you know a damn thing about it?”
“Because I know!” I yell back, my frustration finally boiling over. “Because I’ve had to scrape my daddy off the floor more times than I can count. You think I haven’t been here?” I demand, advancing on Emerson. I shove at his chest, sending him reeling back. “You think I don’t know what it’s like, getting the call to come pick him up, because he’s passed out in the back room somewhere, choking on his own vomit? Believe me, I’ve seen it all.” I spit, hollow from years trying to keep the truth from Mom. “So quit acting like I’m the one to blame here, when all I wanted to do was help!”
***


I stare at Juliet as her words sink in.
She’s standing right in front of me, those beautiful lips parted with anger, her fists clenched by her sides. Even if she hadn’t just told me all of that, I would know the truth from the look of dark bitterness in her eyes.
She knows. She’s been here. She’s damaged, just like me.
I let out a long breath, and feel the tension slip from my body. In a flash, I realize. I don’t have to pretend anymore.
“You know.” I say quietly.
She nods, sympathy softening her face. “Your mom’s in withdrawal,” she answers softly. “She’s coming down. She’s shaking, and emotional, she’s trying to fight it, but the craving’s too strong. What is it, meth? Painkillers?”
I look away, but she keeps talking.
“She’ll get through the worst of it soon,” Juliet adds, taking a step towards me. “But you’ve got to be kinder. She needs your support.”
“She had it.” My voice comes out twisted. “The last time, and the time before that. You think I haven’t seen this before?” I ask her, hopeless. “You think I haven’t tried to be gentle, and help her. But it’s always the same. There’ll always be another guy coming around with her fix, and she’ll always go back to it. Nothing I do will make a damn bit of difference.”
I sag back against the porch. I hate that she’s seen this, seen the worst of my life huddled and weeping in a bathroom stall, but part of me is relieved too.
She’s still here, after all. She could have left us, any time she wanted, but instead, she came with me.
She stayed.
“Oh, Emerson…” Juliet breathes my name like a prayer. I feel a movement, and then she’s standing beside me, leaning against the porch railing looking out at the darkening woods.
I close my eyes a minute, wishing that this could all go away. That we could be anywhere but here: on this run-down porch, with my addict of a mom passed out in the next room.
Then she shifts, and her body presses against my side.
It’s just a moment. Just a touch. But that brief heat of her skin against mine sends the anger melting away, replacing it with a small wave of calm. A light, in all my endless dark.
“How long?” Juliet asks softly.
“Years, off and on.” I shrug, picking at the label of my beer. The words catch in my throat. It feels weird to be telling her this, when I’ve spent so long trying—and failing—to hide it from the world. But I know somehow, she won’t judge me like everyone else in this town. She won’t whisper under her breath, and turn away. It gives me the strength to keep talking, to try and explain.
“I don’t even know when it started, I just know when she couldn’t handle it anymore. I was fifteen,” I add. “There was a douche of a boyfriend, and then he was gone, and she fell to pieces.”
“I’m so sorry.”
It’s just a simple phrase, people use it all the time. I’m sorry I ran into you, bro. I’m sorry I was late. But when I glance over at Juliet’s face, so pale and determined there beside me, I can tell, she means it more than anything.
She doesn’t even know me, and still, she wants better for me.
It takes my breath away.
“What about you?” I ask, awkward. “Your dad…”
Juliet shakes her head, a sharp motion. “It’s nothing like this. Most of the time, he can keep it together. Nobody notices,” she adds in a small voice. “Mom pretends… she just keeps pretending. And the rest of them…” She exhales. “They don’t see. It’s his thing, you know: the life of the party, always having a good time. If he was passed out with a cheap quart of vodka, maybe they’d see, but it’s like, because he’s getting wasted on expensive wines at dinner, it doesn’t even matter. Like I shouldn’t care.”
“That’s bullshit.” I say fiercely. “It matters.”
Juliet looks down, her pale face shadowed with years of sadness and resignation. I feel anger surge through me, a primal force. Right now, I want nothing more than to hunt her father down and beat him bloody for putting her through this, for taking her precious beauty and filling it with pain.
“I used to wonder, if it was my fault.” She whispers, glancing up to meet my eyes. “If I tried harder to make them see he had a problem. If he loved me enough to quit—”
I reach for her, grabbing her by both arms. “You know it’s not your fault?” I demand urgently. “You can’t save him, not if he won’t save himself.”
Her eyes widen, and suddenly I realize I’m holding her close, her body just inches away from mine, my hands digging intoher soft skin.
I freeze.
Juliet blinks at me, not moving. Her soft lips are parted, and everything in my body screams at me to kiss her: to capture that sweet mouth with mine, pull her closer, ravage her until that pain is gone from her expression and she can’t even remember her own name.
I fight it with everything I have. This is all wrong, I know. To want her, now, after everything we’ve just shared. Knowing her story, understanding what she’s been through. If she knew I was imagining those lips on mine, those eyes half-shut as I trail kisses down her soft throat… She’d think I was an animal, probably turn and walk away from me for good.
I should be used to it by now—people leaving. Hell, I’ve done my share of goodbyes. But the thought of Juliet being the one to turn away… I don’t know why, but just the idea sends a bolt of pain through me, sharp enough to cut through my lust.
I force myself to let go of her, and take a half-step back.
Something flashes across Juliet’s face, almost like disappointment. Then her gaze drops to my lips, lingering there.
Blood rushes through me with fierce heat.
She wants me.
My self-control is obliterated. I reach for her again, and this time, I don’t stop. I grab her around her waist and shove her up against the railing, my lips finally crashing down on hers in the searing kiss I’ve wanted ever since the first moment I saw her face.
She’s heaven.
Juliet melts into my arms, arching up into me as if she was made to fit against my body. She tastes of candy, and sweet summer strawberries; her hands reaching up to clasp around my neck as she kisses me back with a wild, naïve abandon.
Jesus.
I plunge my tongue deeper in her mouth, tangling my fingers in the silk of her dark hair. Blood pounds through me, blotting out the world. Everything fades away under the wild chemistry blazing between our bodies. There’s nothing but her, and me, and the softness of her curves pressed up against me, sending dark, wild thoughts tearing through my mind.
She lets out a breathy moan, and I feel myself harden. Wanting her. Needing her. I grab her thighs and lift, pressing back against the porch as she wraps her legs around my waist. I reclaim her mouth, kissing her with everything I have as my hands rove across her body, stroking and squeezing at the miles of soft skin and her peach of an ass, round and perfect through her cut-off shorts.
Juliet presses her breasts against my chest, and I buck against her, the friction between us driving me crazy. She’s still kissing me like her life depends on it, but I pull back, holding her in place as I catch my breath.
I need to see her.
God, she’s beautiful. Her eyes are half-closed, dazed by desire. Her skin is flushed pink, and she’s gasping for breath, reaching for me, pulling me back down to kiss her.
With a groan, I surrender.
It’s like nothing I’ve felt before, the desire breaking over us. A tidal wave, a force of nature. Every other girl, all those drunken nights, they melt away under her eager touch and the sweet taste of her mouth, taking me far away from everything. Wiping the slate clean.
This is what I was made for, I think through the haze. This girl. These lips. This body.
Only her.
Desire comes over me like a hurricane, and now I can’t hold it back. My hands are everywhere. Wanting to feel all of her. Lose myself in the taste of her sweetness, and the soft silk of her skin; the way her body shudders under my hands, and the sound of her gasps, ragged in her throat as I bury my face in the nape of her neck and run my tongue over the sensitive hollow of her throat.
I yank down the strap of her tank top and run kisses over the pale skin of her shoulder. Juliet makes a noise, part whimper, part moan.
Sweet Jesus.
I thrust closer, her body so soft and willing against me. Only the thin layer of our clothes is separating us. I feel the heat, blazing through her clothes, and all I can think about is tearing them off her and burying myself inside her, right here on the porch under the sunset sky. Plunging into her over and over until she’s wordless and crying out my name—
“Emerson?”
A door slams, and then I hear a call, but it’s like I’m underwater. I don’t stop, too far gone in the glory of Juliet’s body. I kiss her mouth again, desperate to stay here, safe in her arms, where nothing is bad, or dark, or broken, and the real world doesn’t exist.
“Is anyone home? Oh, shit.”
Juliet breaks away from me with a yelp as I finally register the voice. A familiar voice. My sister.
“Brit!” I roar, not turning. Juliet is scrambling to pull her shirt back up, cheeks burning red.
“Sorry!” I can hear the laughter in Brit’s voice. “I didn’t know you had, uh, company.”
I’m still panting, blood roaring in my ears, but I manage to get my hard-on under control and turn. My sister is standing with her hands on her hips: five foot and fifteen years of trouble.
I sigh. “Brit, this is Juliet.” I reach for her, to reassure her it’s ok, but she ducks away from me across the porch, not meeting my eyes.
“Hi.” Brit narrows her eyes as she takes in Juliet. I can tell what she’s thinking, I’ve never brought a girl home before. We don’t have people over. Ever. It’s an unspoken rule of the house, a way for us to contain the damage. Contain mom.
Juliet doesn’t reply, she just mumbles, staring at the ground. “I, um, should go.” She finally blurts, then takes off for the door.
She leaves without looking at me, without saying goodbye. I feel a bitter wave of disappointment crash through me.
I fucked it up.
Just like I always do. I drove her away. I had her in my arms, and I ravaged her like some fucking animal. Oh god, she must hate me now.
“Emerson.” I look back. Brit is watching me with a concerned look on her face. “Em, are you ok? I’m sorry I barged in,” she adds quickly. “But the door was open, and—”
“It’s not your fault.” I tell her gruffly. The words catching my throat, and I stride inside, slamming the door behind me.
The fault is mine. It’s always mine.
***


He kissed me.
No, Emerson didn’t just kiss me, he consumed me. He devoured me. And I couldn’t get enough.
I lay in bed all night awake, replaying the kiss over and over in my mind. The feel of his body, rock hard against me, the relentless sweet plunge of his tongue in my mouth. I shiver, heat pooling through my body, my skin prickling with awareness just at the thought of him.
It’s too hot in here, I can’t breathe.
That’s because he took your breath away.
I leap up, crossing to the window and open it wide. The night air is cool and refreshing, but it’s still not enough to soothe me. My whole body feels swollen, my breasts aching, my thighs tight. I strip off my oversize T and slip back between the sheets, naked under the cool cotton. I feel it slide against my body, cool where his hands had been so hot, and my stomach trembles all over again.
God, but that man can kiss.
I lay back, eyes shut, remembering the look in his eyes when he reached for me, the dark intensity that turned me molten inside. Even now, I feel a shock of electricity spark down my body, imagining him right here under the covers next to me. His touch. His lips. His hands...
And then I remember the expression on his sister’s face when she found us together, and the rush of shame is so bad I have to roll under my pillows and silently scream with embarrassment.
What the hell was I thinking? I’d known the guy all of eight hours, and I was this close to pulling him down on the hard wooden porch and giving him my virginity right then and there, to hell with the consequences. What must he think of me? Nothing good, that’s for sure: he didn’t even try to come after me, or get my number, or even ask to see me again.
And why would he? A small voice of doubt whispers. I was crazy. I was possessed. I was acting like a stranger, like some girl I didn’t even know.
My thoughts whirl around my head all night, but as I finally drift into sleep, I realize the strangest part of the whole thing, why despite all my insecurities and disbelief, I feel a warm glow bathe my whole body. Because the truth is I didn’t feel like a different person. When I was holding Emerson, kissing him, aching for his touch... I’ve never felt more like myself. Juliet. The girl inside of me.
I was free.



When I wake the next morning, Emerson’s kisses feel like a dream. A dangerous, tempting dream. I push the lingering memories away and leap out of bed, determined that despite my moment of total madness last night, I’m not going to fall to pieces over this guy—no matter how drop-dead gorgeous he is, or how his kisses undo me. I’m not going to spend the rest of my summer obsessing over him like some lovesick puppy, riding by his house, or hanging out in town panting for just one glance.
I could be just another in a long line of summer kisses; one of the millions of girls a guy like that must have waiting. I don’t know what he wants from me, and I sure as hell don’t know what I want from him.
Except to kiss him until the world ends.
I spend the next few days ignoring the voice in my head whispering his name, and throw myself into summer activities with mom instead. If she thinks it’s strange that I suddenly want to hang out with her, she doesn’t say it. She happily takes us off fruit picking, and driving out to the beach, and browsing the tourist stores in the beach towns nearby. Whatever free time is left, I spend in the tiny photography studio, setting up my materials and developing my first rolls of film. I focus on the tasks in front of me, pretending like it’s not Emerson’s face I see drifting to me in the dark, quiet room, or his arms I imagine sliding around me; his lips brushing against my neck…
“Tomatoes?”
My mom’s voice cuts through my flashback. I spin around. We’re at the small grocery store in town, picking up supplies for Dad and Carina’s welcome dinner. I wanted to tell her, the food wouldn’t be worth the effort; as long as there’s a full bottle of scotch, he’ll be happy. But mom seemed so excited, and I knew I could use the distraction from Emerson.
Some distraction. Here I am daydreaming about him in the middle of the produce aisle. 
I blink back to the present. “What?” I ask, trying to remember what she said.
“Tomatoes,” mom says again. “For a salad, or maybe a sauce.” Her face lights up. “That’s perfect, I can teach you how to make my marinara. Won’t that be fun? I’ll get the pasta, you find fresh basil, and oregano too.”
She disappears down the aisle before I can protest, so I slowly push the cart on. I send up a silent prayer that Dad and Carina don’t stop at a restaurant on the way into town; too many of mom’s special dinners have sat, going cold, as they breeze late in with bags of takeout.
I maneuver the cart around a corner. There’s a clash of metal as it hits one coming from the other direction.
“Sorry!” I apologize, and look up - straight into the blue constellations I’ve barely finished day-dreaming about.
“Emerson!” My voice comes out a high-pitched squeak, and I cringe from embarrassment at the sound. Way to go, Juliet. Casual! “So, umm, hi.”
“Hi.” Emerson stares at me, frozen by a canned goods display.
Silence.
Everything from the other night rushes back again, but this time, it’s stronger than ever because he’s right here. In front of me. The hands that held me so close, the lips that demanded everything I was all too willing to give. I can’t look away, but I can’t think of a single thing to say. My mind is blank, heart racing, and all I can do is stare up at his gorgeous face and remember our kiss.
The kiss.
“I..” Say something! Don’t just stand there like an idiot. I look desperately around, and zone in on the contents of his shopping cart. “Captain Crunch!” I exclaim loudly.
Emerson looks startled. “What?”
“The cereal. I like it too.” I babble. “I have it with orange juice, sometimes, instead of milk. I know it sounds weird but, it’s actually kind of great…”
Shut up, shut up, shut up!
“Oh, yeah.” Emerson glances down. “It’s for my sister. Brit. You met her when...”
He trails off, but I know what he’s thinking. When I was halfway to giving him my virginity on his back porch.
Emerson clears his throat. He looks pained, awkward as hell. Like he wants to be anywhere but here.
My heart drops as I realize the truth: he doesn’t have a thing to say to me. In fact, he probably can’t wait to get away.
Damn! Why didn’t I see, the reason he didn’t come after me, or try to track me down at all. To him, it was just a kiss. Hell, he’s probably made out with dozens of girls, right there in that exact same spot.
I’m nothing special. It didn’t mean a thing. I feel tears sting the back of my throat. Behind him, I see my mom. I quickly steer my cart around him.
“I’ve got to go. Umm, bye.” I speed away as fast as I can.
“Who was that?” Mom looks past me. 
“Nobody!” I exclaim. “I just ran into him with my cart. Did you get the pasta? Good, let’s go.”
As I steer her away, I can’t help but glance back for Emerson. But he’s gone. Deep inside, I feel an ache of disappointment. Call it hope, or maybe just foolish day-dreaming, but I felt like that kiss was the beginning of something.
I turn back, and tighten my grip on the shopping cart, telling myself it doesn’t matter, it never could have worked anyway.
You’d think I’d be able to lie just fine, with a family like mine, but it turns out, I can’t. Not when I’m lying to myself.



“Ugh, I’m so bored.” Carina flops beside me on the back porch and pulls out her phone. She taps away at the keys, ignoring the gorgeous beach spread out in front of us, the sea grasses rippling in the evening breeze. “There’s like, nothing to do here.”
“You could go into town,” I suggest, putting my book aside. “Or take a walk.”
Carina fixes me with a look. “Seriously? Whatever. We don’t even get cable TV. I’m going to demand we get it installed, I can’t believe mom thinks she can keep us here all summer like this.”
“You didn’t have to come.” I reply, already annoyed by her whining. Ever since the car pulled up, she’s done nothing but bitch about the house (too small), the town (too dead), and the “like, criminal” lack of AC and decent cell reception.
Carina flips back her glossy blonde hair and rolls her eyes. “Please, mom practically begged. You know what she’s like, it’s so pathetic.”
“Now, now,” my dad’s voice comes, amused, as he strolls out onto the porch, carrying a bottle of wine. He’s wearing a rumpled Oxford shirt, open at the neck, and a pair of his threadbare corduroy pants. “I’m sure your mother has a whole program of fascinating activities planned. She wouldn’t drag us out here for no good reason now, would she?”
Carina giggles at the sarcasm in his voice, but I just feel a twist of betrayal. He always does this, cutting her down, making snide, witty comments about her when she’s not around. Carina doesn’t seem to realize, and I’ve long since given up trying to defend her, so I look away, out at the ocean horizon.
Dad pulls up a rocker and opens the wine. “Jeanette?” he calls, without getting up. “Glasses, if you will.”
“I can get them,” I start to get to my feet, but he waves me back, and a moment later, mom appears with two wine-glasses. She passes them over, out of breath.
“Dinner will be ready in just a second,” she tells him, waiting for approval, but he just pours wine into one of the glasses and holds it out to me.
“Honey?” My mom speaks up, looking concerned. “Do you think we should…?”
“They serve wine to children all the time in Europe,” Dad replies dismissively.
“It’s OK,” I interrupt quickly. “I don’t want it.”
Carina rolls her eyes again and snatches the glass. “Honestly, mom. Grow up. I drink all the time at college.” She takes a long sip.
Mom gives a nervous laugh. “You’re right, sweetie, of course.” She pauses another moment in the doorway, then heads back into the kitchen.
I watch dad pour himself a glass—all the way to the brim—then set the bottle down. Not on the table, but on the stool beside his chair. Within reach.
Suddenly, I feel an ache in my chest so strong, I have to move. Get up, get away, do something.
I leap up. “I’m going to take a walk.”
“Where?” Carina snorts.
“Just down the beach.” I pull on my battered Converse sneakers and grab my camera from beside my chair. “I’m not hungry, so don’t hold dinner for me. I’ll be back later.”
Carina shrugs, and dad barely looks up from his book, so I quickly head down the steps to the beach and stride away. The expanse of sand is cool and empty; I put my hands in my pockets and hunch my shoulders against the ocean breeze. I dig my feet into the sand with every step, feeling the burn in my thighs, and focusing everything I have on the mantra running through my mind.
It’s just the summer. Your last summer. You can make it.



I walk a mile along the beach at least, lost in thought until I see the faint flicker of a campfire further down the shore. A couple of trucks are pulled up on the sand, tailgates down, and people are gathered nearby, dark outlines against the pink-streaked sunset sky.
I head closer, curious. As I approach, I hear music playing, a song I love. ‘Use Somebody’ by the Kings of Leon. The party is around my age or older, couples and groups drinking beer, hanging out. It looks like a fun time, but I hesitate on the edge of the crowd. I’m not the kind of girl who can just march into a group of strangers and make friends. Besides, I’ve still got this heavy ache in my chest, all these thoughts whirling in my mind.
Then my heart skips. I see him. Emerson. He’s over by one of the trucks, drinking beer, laughing at something one of the other guys has said. He’s wearing jeans and a dark hoodie, but even in the fading light, I can recognize those broad shoulders and the angle of his jaw; the dark hair curling at the nape of his neck.
I remember what Emerson’s hair felt like under my fingertips. A shiver runs through me.
He looks up.
I freeze, unable to look away. The music drifts out into the night, wistful chords on the wind. About wanting someone, feeling so apart from the rest of the world. The moment stretches between us, unbearably tense. Part of me wants to turn and run back to the house, but the other part… It wants to run right to him. Into his arms.
Then he breaks away from his friends, and slowly walks towards me.
“Hey. Again.” I gulp, nervous, as he comes to a stop a few feet away from me. His expression is inscrutable, eyes burning into me. “I promise, I’m not stalking you. I was just, walking. I saw the fire, and…” I gulp, lost for words.
How can he do this: make me forget everything but the sexy curve of his lips? I stare at them, my stomach twisting into knots as I wait for a response.
Emerson finally clears his throat. “I’m sorry.” he says in a low, throaty voice that sends sparks shooting down my body.
“For what?” I pause, confused.
“What happened, the other day,” he explains. He looks away, shoulders hunched. “I didn’t know what to say to you, in the store. I was out of line. I should never have…” he swallows, glancing back at me. For a moment, his face is unguarded, vulnerable. Ashamed. “I’ll understand if you don’t want to see me again,” he adds quickly, looking at the ground again. “I just wanted to come over and say… Well, I’m sorry. You deserve better than getting mauled by a fuck-up like me.”
He meets my eyes again, full of regret. Then he turns and walks away.
Confusion crashes through me. He’s the one who’s sorry?
“Wait!” I call, and start after him. Emerson doesn’t slow, so I grab his arm and pull him around to face me. “What are you talking about?” I demand, “You’re not a fuck up, and you didn’t maul me. Why would you say that?”
Emerson blinks at me slowly through his long, dark lashes. “But, what happened, on the porch…”
“I wanted it!” The words tumble out, and even though I blush to hear them, so blatant and true, I don’t stop. The guilty expression on his face is cutting right through me, and I can’t bear to have him think what we did was wrong. “I was there too, remember? I kissed you back!” I exclaim, still holding onto him. “I could have stopped you, any time I wanted, but I didn’t. I wanted it. I wanted you!”
Emerson’s expression slowly changes as my words sink in. The dark shadow in his eyes melts away, and then he’s looking at me with an intensity I’ve never seen before, like I’m something precious and pure.
“I thought… you must hate me,” Emerson mutters again, still not certain. “The way you took off like that…”
“Only because your sister pretty much saw me naked!” I exclaim.
His expression softens into a small grin. “Half-naked.”
“Like that’s any better.” I laugh, and just like that, the tension and uncertainty between us melts away.
We both catch our breath, and suddenly, I realize that although we’re right by the party—the fire blazing, music playing loud—nobody is even looking in our direction. We’re alone, in the middle of a crowd.
Together.
It’s like Emerson reads my mind. He glances around, and then looks back at me. “Do you want a drink?” he asks, “Or…”
“Or…?” I wait. My pulse is kicking, playing out a nervous symphony in my veins.
Emerson gives me a slow smile. “Or, we could go somewhere.”
There’s no mistaking the look in his eyes. My breath catches, but even as the voice in my head screams out, “Yes!” I have to force myself to stop and think a minute.
You know what’ll happen if you go with him. You know where those kisses will lead.
I feel the shiver of danger, but I can’t look away. My blood is running wild through my body, and already I can feel his hands on me, the memory of their sweet caress.
I nod.
Emerson leads me out past the party, towards the dark shadow of the dunes. I walk beside him, but I can feel the heat of his body blazing just inches away from me.
“Are you cold?” Emerson asks, frowning. “Here.” He unzips his hoodie and pulls it off, draping it carefully around my shoulders.
I breathe in the clean, soapy scent of the fabric, of him, all my senses overcome. His hand stays on my shoulder, and then he pulls me in against him. I stay locked under the safe embrace of his arm until we’re further down the beach, and the noise of the party is distant echoes.
“How’s your mom?” I ask quietly.
He tenses beside me. “I don’t know,” he admits. “Doing better, I think. She won’t talk about it. I just hope, this time…” he lets out a wistful sigh, then shakes his head, as if to shake off the dream. “It’s stupid, I know.”
“Hope is never stupid.”
I feel him shrug, still defensive, so I stop and turn to him. Emerson looks uncertain as I step forwards and slip my arms around his waist, resting my head against his chest as I pull him into the hug I’ve been aching to give him.
He tenses up, but I just hold him, waiting until his solid muscles unclench, and he’s hugging me back, our bodies joined for a moment in something safe, and warm, and innocent.
I wonder how long it’s been since somebody held him, really held him. Since he felt like he wasn’t the one to carry his family’s burdens, and keep everything together. All this time, he’s been alone in his pain.
I know what that’s like. I know how dark it seems, fighting to stay above water, when the world is conspiring to pull you under.
“You’re amazing.” I whisper, lifting my head so my lips can find his ear.
He makes a low snort. “You don’t even know me.”
“I know enough.” I tell him, pulling back to look at him. Emerson’s face is shadowed in the dark, but I can see the desperate hope in his eyes. “I know you’re brave, and strong, and you’d do anything for the ones you love.” I swallow, knowing I’m about to say too much, but not caring anymore. If my words can make him see what I do, break through the doubt and bitterness he has built around his heart, then it’s worth it, worth making a fool of myself, if he can just understand how special he is.”I only met you a week ago, and I already know for sure, you’re a good man. Maybe even the best I’ve ever known.”
Silence.
My words hang between us, wrapped in the gentle crash of the waves against the shore. I watch as Emerson inhales a ragged breath, then he’s reaching for me. Not like before, wild and unleashed, but gentle. Hesitant. He touches his palm against my cheek, fingers tracing along the outline of my cheekbone and jaw.
I shiver, his touch like fire against me. Fire and ice, sending every nerve sparkling with energy. He takes a step closer to me, dark gaze still fixed on mine, and it’s too much. I have to close my eyes, just to focus on the feel of his slow caress, and the faint warmth of his breath against my cheek.
My heart drums in a wild rhythm as he runs his fingertips over every inch of my face. My nose, my eyes, my lips… His touch is light as feathers, but every new whisper against my skin sends golden sparks rushing in my bloodstream, twisting lower, pooling with sweet tension between my thighs.
I feel him everywhere.
At last, he cups his hands around me and cradles my face, so delicately, I feel like my body is about to shatter apart and spin out into the night.
My legs are weak, I can barely breathe. Everything I have is strung out, pulled taut, waiting for his kiss. And then, oh, finally, he lowers his lips to mine, and presses them against me in the sweetest, most tender kiss.
It’s a revelation.
It’s the most dizzying thing I’ve ever felt before, heartbreakingly pure. Neither of us move, or think, or breathe, we just exist in this single moment, our lips barely touching, but a lifetime of quiet hopes and secret pain passing between us.
Time stops. I swear, my heart stops beating. Suddenly, everything I have in the world is right here, suspended in the gentle touch of his soft lips on mine, a whole universe bound up in this one moment. A promise. A bond.
Then Emerson catches his breath, and pulls me closer. The kiss deepens.Still soft and slow, but now my hands are locked around his neck, and his fingers run through my hair. I lean into him, falling into his solid, muscular warmth, and the ridge of his shoulders under my roving palms. He teases my mouth open, and then our tongues are intertwined: tasting, searching, drinking in this moment like we can make it last forever.
I fall into the kiss like it’s gravity. There’s no thought or decision in my mind anymore, only the sweet warmth that floods my system, every cell in my body set alive, racing with pleasure, and desire, and something more: a bone deep rightness. I can’t even process it, only respond from some place of pure instinct, like we’re dancing in perfect harmony to steps I never even knew I learned.
I was made for this. To pull him closer, kiss him deeper, let everything go and just sink into the perfection. I could stay here forever, I realize, through the haze of us. He finally breaks away, his breath coming ragged and hoarse. I can see from the look of sheer wonder in his eyes that he feels it too: whatever this is, he’s right here with me.
Emerson wordlessly holds out his hand to me, and I take it, and follow him deeper into the dark of the dunes.
I would follow him anywhere.
***


I should stop.
Before I pull her any deeper into the bleak mess of my life, before I lose it all. I should take her back to the party, drive her home—stay in brightly-lit places, around other people, with my hands to myself.
But I can’t. I couldn’t stop kissing her even if the world was burning down around us, if the whole universe was torn apart at the seams.
She’s the only thing that’s ever made sense to me, and now I’ve had a taste of her sweetness, I can’t ever go back.
I need to make her mine.
I find a private part of the dunes, away from the party noise. It’s a sheltered spot facing the bay, with the sand still warm from the sun. Juliet pulls my hoodie from her shoulders and spreads it on the ground. She sits, delicately, tucking her legs under her and looking up at me with that wide-eyed stare. Innocent. Inviting. I drop onto the sand beside her, and reach for her without a word.
She comes to me, willingly, her soft lips pressing eagerly to mine, her tongue sliding into my mouth. Jesus. I kiss her back, ravenous, pulling her close as her hands slide up around my shoulders, roaming across my back. I shudder under her touch, and yank her into my lap, lifting her so she’s straddling me, our bodies pressed tight together.
Fuck, she feels incredible.
Juliet lifts my face up towards hers. Her skin is flushed, she’s breathless, eyes bright. I move to capture her mouth again, but she turns my jaw away and kisses down the side of my neck, tiny butterfly touches that send shivers through my whole body. I feel my hard-on grow, rock-hard, pressing against her, every movement making me ache. I grip the soft flesh of her hips and bury my face against her neck, but it’s not enough. I’ll never have enough of her.
I lick up the pale column of her throat and kiss her hard as Islide one hand up her body. She trembles as I brush my fingertips across her breast, soft at first, but my blood pounds hard and I can’t help myself. I squeeze, feeling the gorgeous ripe weight of her in my hand, and the tight nub of her nipple already hard and pressing through her clothes. Juliet moans against my mouth, arching to press her chest into me, so I pull her shirt open and yank her bra straps down, sliding my hands under the lace. I groan. Her skin is warm, so fucking smooth against my rough palms. I rub my thumbs against her nipples, teasing gently, then I squeeze.
Juliet cries out, a noise of ecstasy in the night. I drop my head and kiss lower, tasting the sensitive flesh, replacing my hands and fingers with my mouth and tongue. I circle one nipple until she’s panting, then close my mouth around her and suck. Juliet yelps and grinds her hips into mine, a pressure so sweet I’m gasping for air.
I want her naked, and open to me. I want to plunge inside of her, drown in her, give her pleasure she’s never dreamed.
Juliet bucks her hips again, and it’s more than I can take. I let out a growl, scooping her tight, round ass in my hands. I roll us, pinning her beneath me, grabbing her wrists with one hand and pinning them above her head in the sand. Juliet gasps, but it’s excitement I see in her eyes now, wild and untamed.
In a flash, I realize: she’s never felt this before.
I’m the only one.
I’m undone. I devour her; kissing, touching everywhere. She writhes under my hold, crying out, legs wrapped tight around me as our bodies slam together. I release her hands, and suddenly, she’s the one on top of me: yanking my T-shirt over my head and kissing across my chest, trailing her tongue over the contours of my muscles and sending sharp, sweet jolts of electricity through me with every touch. I lay back, dazed, and stare at the night’s sky, dusted with stars.
I could die now. I could die, right here, and be happy.
But not until I feel what it’s like, inside of her.
I roll her underneath me again, kissing her deep, and shuddering at the feel of her body yielding to mine, the heat of her bare breasts against my chest. I slide my grip lower, settling one hand on her hip. Gently, I slide my thumb just a couple of inches under the waistband of her jeans.
Juliet tenses in my arms.
I pause, propping myself up on one elbow above her. She’s lying there, dark hair fanned out like a halo around her face; eyes heavy-lidded and dark with desire. My dark angel, so full of mystery and pain.
I stroke my thumb below her waistband again, teasing under the lacey top of her panties. Juliet catches her breath, but her eyes don’t leave mine. They burn into me, full of wordless questions and curiosity.
I trail my hand across her stomach, watching it tremble under my touch. I slowly unbutton her jeans, then pause again, watching her.
She doesn’t look away.
I dip my head to hers, kissing softly as I slowly pull down the zip on her jeans. My hands are shaking, I realize, like some green kid who’s never been past second base. Me, Emerson Ray, who’s laid more girls than I can count; struck dumb and shaking just from the sheer anticipation sliding her jeans lower, and stroking gently across the lace of her panties.
Juliet gasps against me.
I stroke again, soft, circling gently between her thighs. She’s already damp, wet for me through the fabric, and I have to grit my teeth to hold back from ravaging her right now. I force myself back to keep up the slow touch, pressing gently, responding to every gasp and sigh she makes against my lips. Juliet’s body rises with every touch until she bucks against me, eager, and I finally slip my hands inside the fabric and stroke my fingers down to touch her, hot and wet and the center of my fucking universe.
I stop breathing, and slide one finger inside.
Juliet lets out a whimper, but it’s a distant echo to me. My heartbeat pounds so loudly, I can’t hear a thing. There’s nothing anymore, nothing except the feel of her, so tight and soft, and ready for me. Everything I’ve ever wanted. All I’ll ever need. Time stops as I slide another finger inside and she gasps, arching up again as I start to stroke my thumb, circling, building the pressure, moving with me against my hand as I stroke, and pulse, and cling on to the last distant thread of self-control until Juliet cries out and her body shudders against me.
She falls, limp and surrendered in my arms.
I collapse on the sand beside her with a gasp. Her eyes are closed, lips parted as she gasps for air.
She’s mine now.
It’s the truest thing I’ve ever known. Like gravity. Like endless swell of the ocean waves. She’s mine, and just the idea of another man touching her now—putting his hands where mine have been—is unthinkable.
I reach and gently brush a lock of hair from her eyes. She smiles against my touch, not opening her eyes. “Wow,” she breathes softly, and I feel like I just scaled Mount Everest in a single stride.
“I’m just getting started,” I promise, my voice coming out a low growl.
She blinks her eyes open at me, questioning.
I grin, tracing down her collar-bone. “When I’m done with you, you’re going to be begging me for more,” I tell her, circling her nipple with my fingertip. She shivers, and I feel another wave of lust. “You don’t even know what you’re body’s capable of yet. But I’m going to teach you. You’re going to come so many times, you won’t remember your own name.”
Juliet blushes, and I have to laugh. She’s still so innocent, it’s like a drug to me. I get to be the one to show her, every inch of her body, all the hundreds of ways I’m going to make her come, screaming my name.
A noise comes, from further down the beach. Yells, and the sound of an engine. Light comes cutting through the dark, a flashlight, coming our way.
“Shit,” I curse, and move to cover Juliet’s body with my own. She scrambles to pull her shirt back on just as the stranger reaches us.
“Who’s there?” A voice demands from the top of the dune. He beams the flashlight right at us, blinding us with the light.
I relax, shielding my eyes from the glare. “Hell, Larry, get that thing out of my face.”
Larry lowers the beam so I can see him, our town deputy, swinging a confiscated six pack from one hand. “Emerson Ray,” he drawls, smug.”I should have known you’d be mixed up in this trouble. Who’s that you’ve got with you?”
“None of your business.” I growl, but Juliet steps out from behind me.
“Hi,” she waves awkwardly. “I’m sorry, we were, uh...”
There’s silence as we all fill in the blanks of what we’ve been doing.
“You over twenty-one?” Larry demands.
I sigh. This is what happens when you give a failed football star some power: they want to throw it around any chance they get.
“Relax. She wasn’t drinking.” I answer for Juliet. “And you don’t have to get your panties in a twist. I’m taking her home now.”
I check Juliet’s got all her clothes back on, and then take her hand. I start up the dunes towards the parking lot, but Larry steps in my way.
“I don’t think so,” he stops me. “You’ve got her in enough trouble tonight. I’ll get her back to her parents.”
Larry stares me down, waiting for me to bail—or for me to try and tell him no. For a split second, I think about ignoring him and his uniform, and marching Juliet right on past, but Larry reads my mind.
“Just try.” He tells me with a smirk. “I’ve got a drunk cell at the station with your name all over it.”
“I’ll be fine.” Juliet says quickly. She puts a soothing hand on my arm. I don’t even realize until I feel her touch that my muscles are tensed and ready for a fight. “I promise, my parent’s will be fine.” she says again. “What can they do? I bet they never even noticed I was gone.”
I force a breath out and stand down, even though everything in me is screaming not to leave her alone. “Text me when you’re back,” I tell her, taking her phone and programming my number in.
She sends me a final shy smile, and then follows Larry back to his patrol car, but I don’t head home like I was told. I get in my truck and drive behind them, following Larry’s car all the way back to her house.
After everything we shared tonight, I have to see her home. I need to know she’s safe.
I leave the engine on idle down the driveway, watching as Larry takes her up to the front porch. The lights are already on, and when the door opens, her mom rushes out, looks panicked. She hugs Juliet tightly and drags her inside, but her dad stands, kidding around with Larry for a moment, a drink in his hand. He offers one to the deputy, but Larry shakes his head, and walks back to his car.
I wait until the lights go out inside, and my phone buzzes with a new text.
Safe and sound xx
I exhale. Sweet dreams, I write back, and finally turn the truck around and head for home.



Back at my place, there’s nobody waiting up. The house is dark when I let myself in, and I’m halfway to the closet I’m using as a room when I see mom’s door is open, and the bedroom is empty inside.
She didn’t come home again.
I sink to the floor in the hallway and lean my head back against the wall, staring at the dark room and the unmade bed, and everything it represents.
I’ve slumped here before: waiting for her to stumble home. I don’t know how many nights I’ve spent in this exact same spot, cursing her, and god, and anyone else I can think of for all her fucked up failures. It burns at me through the long night, all the guilt and failure. A heavy fire that never seems to die away.
But this time, it doesn’t hurt so much.
I can still feel Juliet’s soft touch, still taste the sweetness of her kisses. My salvation. Because now I know there’s her goodness in the world, the rest of it doesn’t seem like such a bleak wasteland.
You’re a good man
Me? A good man? I could laugh, if I didn’t hope so desperately for it to be true. My whole life, nobody’s seen anything in me but a waste of space, a bad influence. That Emerson Ray, they say. He didn’t even know his daddy, but the man was no good. And you know about his momma. That boy will sure enough wind up just like them one day.
You hear something long enough, you start believing its true, until soon enough I figured, why not prove them right? It was in my blood, after all. Poisoned. Worthless. If they thought I was past saving, then I wouldn’t waste my breath trying any other way. I would fight and screw and do what I damned hell pleased.
Except... It wasn’t what I wanted, I see that now.
All I wanted was her. Someone to look at me, and see past my bullshit. Someone to think I was worth a damn.
Juliet.
I catch my breath, just thinking about her. The way her body leapt to my touch, the innocence to her passion. I’ve fucked a hundred girls, but I’ve never watched them like that: stared into their faces as the feeling flooded over them, pushed them higher just to know the look in their eyes as they fell. It was something precious, sharing that moment with her. Holy.
I hear a creak in the hallway and look up. Brit has come out of her room, yawning, in PJs and an oversized shirt.
“What are you doing?” She frowns at me.
“Just thinking.”
“Don’t break anything,” she quips, stepping over my outstretched legs to go through into the kitchen.
I pull myself up and follow her. She opens the cabinet, and pulls down a box of Oreos. Gets milk from the fridge. I fetch two glasses, and we sit around the table in the light from the porch outside.
“Can’t sleep?” I ask.
She shrugs.
“Mom leave a note?”
She shakes her head.
We dunk cookies in silence for a moment.
“So how’s the girl?” Brit asks.
I play dumb. “Which girl? You know I’ve got them in every state, baby.”
She snorts, and tosses a chunk of cookie at me. I intercept, and shove it in my mouth. “The one from here,” she says. “Julia.”
“Juliet.” I correct her.
Brit smirks. “See, I knew you liked her.”
“I didn’t say that.”
“Juliet.” She mimics me, drawing out the word. “Please, you don’t have to say a thing, it’s written all over your face. Emerson’s in looooove,” she adds, singsong.
I glare at her. “How old are you again?”
Brit laughs. “So when do I get to meet her? With her clothes on, I mean.”
Now it’s my turn to shrug. “I don’t know...” I say slowly. “The party got busted, Larry took her home.”
Brit pauses. “She’s got the kind of parents who care?”
“About this?” I remember her mom’s face, seeing Juliet escorted up the front steps by a deputy sheriff. “Yeah.”
“Must be nice.” Brit says, and the wistful sound in her voice hurts me like hell. I give her the last cookie.
“It won’t always be like this, you know.” I tell her softly.
“Yeah,” Brit sighs. “Maybe one of these days, she won’t come home.”
The truth sits between us, the elephant in the room. We’ve both thought it, how could we not? Equal parts guilt and hope, shame and anger.
Because it would be so much easier if, one of these nights, mom didn’t come home. If she could just stay gone. Then we wouldn’t go through this cycle over and over again: Brit waiting for her to shape up and be a real mom, and me hoping for... Hell, I don’t even hope anymore, I lost that a long time ago. But I’m left to clean up the mess, every time, and when I think about a version of my life without that – without waiting for the call to come get her, wondering what she’s gone and done this time...
What would that life be like? Safe. Normal. Easy.
The kind of life worth sharing.
“You should get back to bed,” I tell her, getting up to rinse our glasses.
“You too.” Brit replies. “You need your beauty sleep. You look like hell.”
“Gee, thanks.”
“Tough love, big bro.” Brit circles the tale and wraps her arms around me in a quick hug. “Be careful, OK?” she whispers, face pressed against my chest.
“What do you mean?”
“This girl… she’s a summer girl, right?” Brit tilts her face up to me, eyes sad. “That means she’s leaving. They all leave, in the end.”
I break the hug, and shove her gently towards the hall. “Don’t worry, I’ll be fine.” But my words catch in my throat, and the question lingers, long after she trails back to bed, and I’m alone in the dark kitchen.
Just one week, and already, I’m in so deep with Juliet, I can’t see the surface. But what happens next week, and the week after?
What happens when summer’s over?
***


My mom loses it. I’ve never seen her so mad.
Dad smirks his way through it the way he always does, like I’m just a joke to him, but the minute the deputy leaves, mom flips out. She yells and screams about responsibility, and strangers, and wandering off in the dark alone.
I stand, arms folded, and take it. Nothing they say can ruin the warmth I have blazing from my chest, a fierce glow of joy radiating out through my entire body, surrounding me with safety and hope.
Emerson.
Emerson.
Only him.
“Do you know what could have happened to you?” Mom is still yelling. She’s wrapped in a threadbare bathrobe, pale and drawn in the 3AM kitchen light. For the first time, I feel a pang of guilt that I left her to worry alone.
“I was fine,” I reassure her. “Emerson would never let anything happen to me.”
I hurry upstairs to bed before they can quiz me anymore. When I come down the next morning – braced for more lectures and yelling and lord know what other parental disappointment – they say nothing. I eat breakfast in silence, suspicious, listening to mom chatter about a farmer’s market in the next town, and the family bike ride we can all take along the coast. I wait for the catch, but none comes.
“What do you think?” Mom asks me with a nervous smile. I look from her to dad, who is sitting there, totally disinterested, reading the newspaper. They’ve clearly made some deal, or, more likely, mom has decided that this is all teenage rebellion, and that making a big deal over it will only drive me faster into Emerson’s arms.
“Fine.” I answer shortly. I’m already counting the minutes until I can see him again, but after the look of panic on her face last night, I don’t want to cause her any more grief. “Whatever you want sounds great.”
I spend the next couple of days sneaking texts to Emerson, under mom’s constant supervision. I know I’m eighteen now, and technically free to do whatever I want, but there’s something so desperate about her mothering that the guilty part of me finds it easier to give in. Carina as good as ignores her these days. My sister spends all her time out tanning on the beach, bitching to her friends on the phone about how bored she is. And dad? Well, he’s either sleeping off a hangover, or quietly drinking his way to a new one, sitting on the porch with a thick novel and a Long Island iced tea, “since it is vacation, after all.”
I don’t care. I don’t care about anything now, not with Emerson flooding my memories, taking up every free corner of my mind. I find myself drifting off, lost in the thought of us together on the beach that night. It takes my breath away, every time. I can be rinsing dishes at the sink, or standing in line at the 7/11 for milk, and in the blink of an eye, I’ll be gone, back there again. The warm sand pressing into my back, Emerson’s hard body pressed down the length of me. All day, I can feel the burning imprint of his hands on my skin: the soft tease of his fingertips, tracing down my torso; the possessive graze against my breast. I have to snap out of my reverie and catch my breath, blushing furiously, trying to keep the memories at bay until I’m alone in my room and can let the scene play out to its end: Emerson’s jaw clenched with tension as his fingers work their sweet magic and send me spiraling into a hot, dark world of pleasure I’ve never known before.
“I’m going to teach you. You’re going to come so many times, you won’t remember your own name.”
I lay in bed, hearing his low rasp like it was inches from my ear. Morning sunshine pools on the floor through the open window, I can hear the sound of the waves crashing on the beach below, but if I close my eyes, I’m back in his arms, aching for him. I can’t stop my hands from playing over my stomach, circling lower, my pulse kicking as I imagine my hands are his, my searching fingers, his own…
My cell buzzes with a message, and I snatch my hands away, as if caught. I roll over and grab the phone from my nightstand, heart skipping another beat when I see it’s from him.
I have to see you. Pick you up in 20 minutes.
There’s no question, just a statement. Sure and certain.
I leap out of bed and quickly dress, picking out a cute sundress to throw on over my bikini. I stuff a sweater into my beach bag, grab my camera and wallet, then pad cautiously downstairs. I’m ready to deflect mom’s questions, but instead, I find she’s still in bed, looking tired.
“Are you OK?” I ask, lingering in her doorway.
She gives me a smile, looking up from her book. “Just a bit under the weather. I think I caught a chill yesterday, you know how the winds get at the beach.”
“I told you to pack a sweater,” I tell her. “Where’s Dad?”
“He took Carina back to the city for the day,” mom replies. “She has that engagement brunch, one of her friends.”
“Oh,” I pause. “Do you need me to bring you anything?”
“No, I’m fine.” Mom waves away my concern. “You look nice, where are you going?”
“Just, out.” I answer. “I thought go for a bike ride,” I add quickly. “Take a picnic or something and spend the whole day out. Let me know if you need anything. I can bring you back some soup.”
Mom waves away my concern. “I’ll be fine. You go have fun.”
“OK, see you!”
I skip downstairs and out the door before she can take it back. My heart races with guilty relief. I don’t want her ill, but with mom in bed, I have the whole day to myself. To Emerson.
I send him a quick text to let him know the coast is clear, and ten minutes later, his red truck comes speeding up the dirt road. I meet it at the end of our driveway, hopping up into the passenger side almost before he’s even stopped moving.
“Hey,” I say, breathless. I’ve got a smile a mile wide, but I can’t help it. Eagerly, I drink in the sight of him: worn white shirt pale against his golden tan, muscles taut and straining under the fabric. He’s wearing faded jeans, and flip-flops, Ray-Bans on, and all the windows down. I can’t help but bring my camera up, and snap a photo, right there.
He looks like summer, like everything good and bold and dangerous in the world.
Mine.
The world whispers in my mind, but I push it down. Don’t get ahead of yourself, Juliet, I warn sternly. You don’t know what this is.
“Hey yourself,” he grins, easy, and slides his hand around the back of my neck, pulling me in for a long, lazy kiss. My heart is racing as I taste him, mint and coffee, and something else, something all Emerson.
Last night was hot and hard, but this is slower, languid. He teases my mouth open, his tongue finding mine as his fingers gently twist in my hair. I exhale, sinking into him, the sun beating hot and the stereo playing something that sounds like summer.
“Hey,” I whisper again, when we finally come up for air. “I missed you.”
I hear the words leave my mouth and freeze, embarrassed, but Emerson’s smile only grows wider.
“You ready?” He puts the truck back in drive, and then slings his right arm around my shoulder. I snuggle closer, reveling in the touch of him.
“Ready for what?” I ask, as he turns out of town.
“This is our first date.” Emerson announces.
“Really?” I laugh. “I thought we were a long way past that.”
Like, three bases past.
I blush at the reminder, and I can tell from his wolfish grin that Emerson’s thinking the same thing.
“A girl like you deserves a real date,” Emerson declares. “Not just groping in the dark somewhere.”
“In case you’ve forgotten, I kind of liked the whole groping in the dark thing,” I say, amazed at my boldness.
Emerson laughs. “Only kind of? Sweetheart, if that was you kind of liking something, I can’t wait to see what happens when you love it.”
“You’ll just have to find out then, won’t you?” I tease.
“Oh, I will. Believe me, baby. I’ve got plans for the two of us.” Emerson gives me that look again, dark and wild. He curves his lips into a teasing grin.
I feel a rush of anticipation, so strong I have to catch my breath and look away.
“So, where are we heading?” I ask in a new voice, fighting to keep my heart from bursting straight out of my chest.
“I know a spot, inland, there’s a place to swim, and sunbathe. Private,” he adds.
“Let me guess, it’s your regular hookup spot,” I say, feeling a stab of disappointment.
“No.” Emerson’s reply is simple and honest. Without looking away from the road, he takes my hand and lifts it to his lips, grazing the skin of my knuckles with a kiss. “You’re the only one, Jules.”
I feel warmth blossom in my chest like sunshine. I kick my feet up on the dashboard and sit back, in the thrilling safety of his embrace.
The miles fly by, in a haze of closeness and music and cool summer breeze, until Emerson turns off the highway and down a dusty back road. We drive out into the country, fields and overgrown woodland getting thicker as we head into nature, with not another soul around. About ten miles down the track, Emerson pulls off the road and parks up by the grass. He hops down, and comes around to get my door, lifting me to the ground.
“Wait,” I say, reaching up to loop my finger over the top of his T-shirt. “Got to tip the driver.”
“Yes ma’am.” Emerson grins. He lets me pull him down to meet me, finding my lips with his, cool and soft and sweet. I lean back against the truck and just revel in the kiss, so simple, out here, away from it all. We’re alone with the birdsong, and the wind in the trees, with all the time in the world.
Finally, I let him go. Emerson fetches a blanket and a beach bag from the bed of the truck, and then takes my hand and leads me out through the woods. We follow a dirt track winding through the trees, with wild-flowers growing and leaves shading the path. “You’ll love this place, it’s the best-kept secret in town,” Emerson tells me, pausing to help me over a fallen log. “Locals only, no outsiders allowed.”
“Do I need a special pass then?” I laugh.
“Nope. I’m local enough for the both of us.” Emerson winks at me.
We follow the path another ten minutes or so, until we reach a clearing in the trees. I gasp. The swimming hole is edged with reeds and moss, cool and clear in the sun. A tree juts out over the water, with a tire hanging from a rope. Sunlight dapples through the branches, falling in bright patches on the grassy banks.
“It’s beautiful!” I exclaim.
“You really like it?” Emerson looks bashful. “I know it’s not fancy or anything—”
“Are you kidding? It’s perfect!” I hug him. “Thank you for bringing me here.”
He kisses my forehead then pulls away. “Last one in the water pays for it!” he calls, stripping off his shirt and kicking his flip-flops aside as he races for the pool.
“No fair!” I protest, hurrying to pull off my dress.
Emerson charges into the water with a whoop and a splash. I follow a moment later, shrieking as the cold water hits my skin. I pause in the shallows. “It’s freezing!” I call.
“Scaredy-cat!” Emerson wades back and scoops me up, spinning me out into the deep side of the pool. I fall in with a splash. My feet find the bottom and I push back up, surfacing with a splutter.
“I’m going to get you for that!” I yell, splashing wildly at him. Emerson dives under and grabs my legs, lifting me up as I struggle, helpless.
“Oh yeah?” he teases, “What are you going to do about it?”
“Hmm,” I pretend to think about it. “Maybe, this!” I grab a handful of floating moss and algae, and shove it down on his hair. Emerson laughs and falls back, arms locked tight around my waist so we both plunge back into the cool, clear water.



We splash around until my fingertips start to pucker, then lay out on the blanket, talking quietly and basking in the midday sun. I curl against Emerson’s chest, lazily tracing the outline of his tattoos.
“I wish we could stay here forever,” I breathe, gazing up at the sun-drenched green canopy overhead. “It’s so peaceful, away from everything.”
And everyone.
Emerson turns his head to look at me. He reaches over, and gently brushes a lock of damp hair from my cheek. “Me too.” he sighs.
“You ever think, what you’d be doing if you didn’t have to stay here?” I ask, curious. He’s told me about Brit and Ray Jay, about being the only one who can hold down a steady job – or three – to make ends meet for rent and bills.
Emerson shrugs. “I don’t know.”
“Think,” I encourage him. “Anything, anywhere. Whatever you want.”
Emerson exhales in a long sigh. “I don’t know,” he says again, “Maybe, go to the city. Atlanta, or Charlotte. Somewhere they don’t know anything about me. Or my mom.” He trails off, thinking. “I like it at the bar,” he adds. “Jimmy’s a good guy, but we could do more, to bring in business. Maybe I’d like to have my own place someday. Something that’s all my own.”
“You will.” I lean over and kiss him on the shoulder.
He shrugs again. “It’s stupid, I probably shouldn’t even think about it.”
“What did I tell you?” I sit up now, looking down at him. I place my hand on his chest, above his heart, feel the steady beat, strong and true. “Well?” I prompt, waiting.
His lips curve in a soft grin. “It’s never stupid to hope,” he repeats my words back at me, but there’s still a reluctance there, like he doesn’t really believe it.
My heart aches for him. Sometimes hope is all that gets me through, hope that one day, I can make a life for myself without the coldness, and rejection, and insecurity I’ve lived with ever since I was old enough to notice it. Hope’s been my constant friend, the light at the end of the tunnel. But Emerson gave up on hope, a long time ago. He doesn’t even think he has the right, anymore.
I’ll just have to hope enough for the both of us.
“You can do it, one day.” I lean down, and gently drop a kiss on his eyelids, his nose, along the line of his jaw. “I believe in you.”
Emerson tightens his arms around me, holding me against his chest for a moment.
“What about you?” I feel the question as a rumble. “College in California, right?”
“Right.”
There’s silence. Suddenly, the future is a loaded gun, waiting for someone to pull the trigger.
I lay there, feeling the rise and fall of his chest. Funny, how just a couple of weeks ago, California was all I could think about. Finally getting away and putting the whole country between me and my past.
But now, that distance would divide me from Emerson, too. Thousands of miles away from his kisses, hours from his heartbeat.
I feel a chill cut through the warm haze of this perfect day, and I can tell from the new tension in Emerson’s body, he feels it too.
Two weeks.
How can things change so completely in two weeks? Or, even less than that. A day, the first day I met Emerson. The very first moment. We were strangers. I walked around in this world, not even knowing he existed, and now leaving the arms currently wrapped around me seems almost unthinkable. I belong here, I know it, with every instinct in my body.
It’s too much to think about right now, not when we’re having such a blissful time. I push all my worries down, and trace the tattoos that wind across Emerson’s bicep and side.
“I should get one,” I decide. “A bird maybe. A sparrow, or a blue jay.”
“Jaybird, huh?” Emerson repeats it with a smile. “You sure you’re up for it? Hurts like a motherfucker,” he warns me.
“I can take it. I’m strong.”
“Oh, really?” Emerson laughs, rolling suddenly to pin me beneath him. My pulse skips, feeling his delicious weight pressing into my wrists, my hips. His mouth grazes down my throat, and I shiver, staring up at the trees above us.
“Sure. I could take you in a fight,” I tease, closing my eyes. His tongue blazes a trail down my chest, nudging my bikini top aside. I let out a soft moan as he licks around my nipple, soft and hot against my cool skin. His body tenses above me, fingertips digging into my flesh, and I marvel I have this effect on him.
The dark look in his eyes is just for me. The catch in his breath, the low groan as I buck my hips up against him… I’m doing this. I’m driving him wild.
Suddenly, I push my wrists out, breaking his hold. I flip, rolling on top of him so I’m straddling his lap. I pin his wrists against the blanket, looking down at him with a teasing smile. “See?” I tell him, laughing. “I’ve got you now.”
“You sure about that?” Emerson thrusts his hips up against me, and now it’s my breath that’s catching, feeling the friction, the ache twist tighter. Yes. He breaks my hold, the weight of my grip nothing to him. He sits up, wrapping his arms around me, trapping my arms across my chest. I’m caught, helpless in his lap, feeling the heat of his body all the way through me.
“Surrender?” he teases, grazing his lips along my jaw. I twist to try and kiss him, but he ducks back, holding me in place, forcing me to wait.
My heart races. Desire is flooding through me, unfamiliar, but sharp and hot in my veins. I want more of him. All of him. My body is aching, a way I’ve never felt before, and everything I want is right here, in Emerson’s eyes.
“Make me,” I whisper. His eyes flash dark, and then he’s tumbling me to the blanket again, body hard against me, and California and my future is far, far away again.
***


We spend hours out by the swimming hole, talking and kissing and touching. But neither one of us bring up the future again, and no matter how close we come to going all the way on that old blanket, I hold us back from the edge.
It doesn’t make sense. She’s ready for it: curious and gasping under my kisses. All I want is to possess her, completely, but something stops me from taking that leap. I tell myself it’s to protect her: make sure she’s truly ready, before crossing the one line she can’t take back. The secret is, it’s not her heart I’m protecting here. It’s mine.
“I don’t want to go home, not just yet.” Juliet sighs, as I drive us back to Beachwood.
I look over. She’s heartbreakingly beautiful, sitting with her feet up in my passenger seat. Her damp hair is drying in the breeze, and the afternoon sun warms her skin. She’s smiling over at me, so carefree it hurts, and for a moment, I think about skipping our exit on the highway and just driving forever. Her and me, and the open road, nothing holding us back.
But we can’t. I have Brit and Ray Jay, and my mess of a mom, and she has a tomorrow planned out that’s got nothing to do with me.
Pain strikes through me, just thinking of her plans.
“So what do you want to do?” I ask, reaching over and taking her hand. I squeeze it tight, like I can hold her here, right in this moment, forever. “We could go back to mine, have dinner with Brit?” I suggest.
Juliet brightens, but then she pauses. “Are you sure that would be OK?”
“Sure.” I bring her hand to my lips. “She was bugging me about meeting you again.”
Juliet laughs. “OK then,” she agrees shyly, “That sounds great.”
I take the turn out to my house, trying to ignore the other stuff my sister said about Juliet.
She’s a summer girl. That means she’s leaving.
Maybe we could be different, I argue with myself, silent as Juliet hums along with the radio. Maybe we could be long-distance, while she’s still in school, and then…
Then what? A cruel voice mocks. You’ve known this girl ten days. You think she’s going to give up her future, after just a few kisses?
For someone like you?
I tense. Today was like a perfect bubble, where the real world didn’t exist, but now, driving down the same old streets in the same old town, reality comes crashing back with all its doubts and cruel whispers.
“You OK?”
I turn. Juliet is looking at me, her forehead creased in a frown.
“Fine.” I lie. “Great. Just wondering if we’ve got any groceries in the house.”
“We’ll manage something.” She beams at me, happiness radiating from her whole body. I want to bottle it, drink it down, anything to stop my doubts raging to the surface and ruining this day.
But when I turn down my driveway and see a beat up old Nissan slung, doors open, in front of the house, I know, the day is already ruined.
“Stay in the truck,” I growl at Juliet.
“Why? What’s going on?”
I reply, I just scramble down from the cab and charge across the front lawn.
The front door is wide open. I stride into the house, fists already clenched at my sides. And there he is: Artie Keller, the low life piece of junkie trash. The man who got my mom hooked into all this misery in the first place. He’s got his back turned to me, trying to lift our shitty-ass excuse for a TV from the console.
I cross the distance between us in a few short strides and smash his face with a hard right hook. He reels back, blood spurting from his nose. “What the fuck are you doing in my house?!” I roar.
I grab him by the throat, shoving him up against the wall. Artie gasps for air, his beady eyes bugging out of his head. “Well?” I yell, shoving him back again. His skull bounces against the plyboard, and I hear the crack with grim satisfaction. Blood is pounding in my ears, and all I can think is how much pain this sniveling excuse for a man has caused this family, how easy it would be to end him for good.
“Stop!”
I hear a yell behind me, but I don’t turn. I slam Artie against the wall again, watching the blood gush down his face. When I was younger, he seemed so big, but now he’s nothing in my grip, skin and bones.
“Emerson, stop!” There’s a hand on my arm, pulling me away. I finally drop Artie and he crumples to the ground.
I turn, breathing hard, expecting Brit or Juliet.
But it’s my mom. Tired, and strung out, eyes wide with horror.
She lets out a sob, and pushes past me, going down on her knees by Artie’s bloody body. “What did you do?” she cries.
“What…?” I’m reeling. “What are you talking about? Mom, he was stealing our stuff! Why did you even let him in?” My rage flares brighter. “Did he hurt you?” I demand. “Are you OK?”
She ignores me and fusses over him, whimpering apologies. “I’m sorry, baby, I’m so so sorry.”
Artie groans, still conscious. She helps him to his feet.
That’s when I see the duffel bag by the door. The box filled with photo frames and junk.
I stumble back. The truth is so clear, I should have seen it coming. I’m so fucking stupid.
“You’re leaving.” I say, voice thick with disgust. I stare between them: mom, looking away from me, ashamed and broken. And Artie, sneering. Smug.
“Sorry, kid,” he drawls. “Guess she couldn’t stay away from me.”
Fury blazes again, and I move to smash his face in. Mom blocks me, hands to my chest, pushing me back.
“Please, baby, no!” she cries. “Don’t be like this!”
“How the fuck else am I supposed to be?” I yell, powerless and hating it. I can’t believe she’s defending him, this worthless piece of garbage.
That she’s choosing him. Over us.
Mom doesn’t speak. She helps Artie to the door.
Leaving.
Pain splinters through me, so sharp I can hardly breathe. “What am I supposed to tell Brit?” I demand. “Or Ray Jay? What about them? They’re still just kids!”
Mom turns back with a sob. “I’m sorry, but I can’t… I just can’t. Staying here, letting you all down. I can’t do it anymore. It’s for the best, you have to see that.”
“Don’t worry, kid.” Artie sneers at me. “I’ll take real good care of her.”
I snap. I let out a roar and charge right at him. I bend low and tackle, head butting into his torso as we fall out of the front door and down the front steps. I roll on top of him, and unleash it all, raining down blows on his face, his neck. Pounding. Furious. Mom’s screams blur into the background. My knuckles smash against his skin, tearing it back to the bone. Artie gurgles, choking on his own blood. I can’t stop. All I want is to end him, to break this hold he has over her, to keep her from walking away.
“Emerson!” Another voice screams. “Emerson, stop! You’re killing him!”
Two arms reach around me. I struggle, but the fight is leaving me now.
“Please,” I hear them beg me. Through my haze, I recognize the voice. Juliet. “Please don’t do this.”
Artie lays there, groaning, eyelids flickering. A shell of a man. A fucking parasite. I could kill him, right now.
But what would that make me?
I stop.
Juliet pulls me off him. I fall to my hands and knees on the grass, gasping. She sits beside me, pulls my head into her lap. I don’t move. All my rage is gone now, leaving nothing but despair.
She’s finally leaving.
“It’s OK,” Juliet murmurs, stroking my hair. “Everything’s going to be OK.”
I don’t answer. I don’t look to see mom take Artie over to the car. I lay there, crumpled, empty, listening to the sound of her going back to the house, getting her things, closing the car door behind her. The engine starts.
“Emerson?” Juliet’s voice is shaking.
“Let her go.” I manage. “She wants to go.”
I lay there in Juliet’s arms, listening to mom drive away. It should be a relief, after all the midnight whispering me and Brit have done, but instead, it just feels like betrayal. Like a dark cloud, blotting everything good from the sky.
She left. They all leave, in the end.
My pain hardens in my chest. I know now what I have to do.
I sit up, and take a shuddering breath. Bracing myself.
“I told you to stay in the truck.”
“Emerson…” Juliet’s staring at me, wary.
I get to my feet. I hate that she’s seen me like this, but maybe it’ll help. She’ll know exactly the mess she’s escaping, have no time for regret. “Come on.” I barely look at her. “I’ll take you home now.”
“I can stay. You need…. you need to talk about what just happened.”
“No.” My voice spits it, harsh. “I want to be alone. I need to talk to Brit, and find Ray Jay.. it’s family stuff, OK?”
I start for the truck without looking at her, sit up in the driver’s seat until she climbs in. I stare at my knuckles: raw and covered with blood. His or mine, I don’t know. I don’t care.
I wait until she’s buckled in, then I start the engine.
“Wait a minute,” Juliet says. She reaches out and puts her hand on my arm, soft. Soothing. “You’re hurt, let me bandage up your hand—”
“No!” It comes out a roar. “You shouldn’t be here. This is none of your fucking business, so just let me take you home, OK?!”
I hear her soft intake of breath, but I can’t bear to look and see the hurt on her face. I keep my eyes fixed on the road ahead, all the way back to her house. I pull up in the driveway, and wait for her to get down.
“Emerson. Emerson, look at me!” Juliet yanks my arm and forces me around. She bites her lip, eyes wide and full of such tender sympathy I almost break, but I can’t. This is for the best.
“Go.”
“Not until I know when I’m seeing you again,” she insists. “I can come over later tonight.”
“No.”
“Tomorrow then.” Her jaw is set. Firm.
Frustration boils up in me, edged with guilt and shame. Why can’t she be like the other girls: easy to walk away from? Why does she have to be stubborn, and strong, and look at me like she actually gives a damn?
“Don’t you get it, Jules?” I demand. “I can’t do this. Be with you. You saw what happened back there!”
“Bullshit.”
Her answer shocks me. Juliet’s eyes flare, determined. “You don’t get to push me away because of your fucked up family. I know what it’s like, remember? I can help you. Let me be there for you, it’s what girlfriends are supposed to do!”
“Girlfriend?” I give a hollow laugh. “So, what, we go steady for a couple of months? I take you out on dates and kiss you goodnight on the front porch?”
Juliet looks down. “It worked today.”
“Today was a dream.” I tell her bitterly. “A fucking fantasy. Don’t you get it? That’s not my life, it never will be.”
“You don’t know that.” Juliet’s voice twists. “Us, together, it could change things. It’s already changed me!”
My heart clenches. “And then what?” I finally meet her eyes, desperate. “What happens at the end of summer, Jules? What happens when you go?”
Silence.
“I’m trying to do the right thing,” I explain, hating the pain on her face. “If we stop this before we get in any deeper…”
She gives me a small smile. Twisted. Rueful.
“I’m already in.” she says.
I close my eyes and grip the steering wheel tighter, to stop from grabbing her, kissing her, making it all go away. When I’m touching her, it’s the only time my life makes sense, but it’s a false promise of a tomorrow I can never have.
“Go.” I say it again, clinging to the certainty of the harsh syllable. “You’ll see, you don’t know what you’re saying. It’ll only be worse, in the end, if we pretend like this can ever be real.”
I wait, and when I hear the door open, and feel the warmth of her body slide away from me, I swear, my heart breaks right there in my chest.
She walks away, slowly, and I watch her go. I try to imprint her on my memory: every detail, every moment of perfection.
Then I drive away. Grief presses down on my chest. Grief, and guilt, and hopeless despair. Juliet was wrong. Sometimes, it is stupid to hope—at least, for someone like me to hope for someone like her.
Look where it’s gotten me now.
***


I cry for three days straight. I don’t even leave my room, I just lay there, curled under the covers, feeling the pain rip through me in an endless swell. I turn it over in my mind every way I can, but there’s no way around it.
Emerson’s right.
What happens at the end of summer?
If I’m feeling this wretched now, like my heart has been cleaved clear in two, then how about once we’re even closer? When we’ve had weeks of perfection like that day by the swimming hole; whole nights spent wrapped in each other’s arms? I feel like I’m missing a part of myself even now, not being with him. How could I ever bear to leave him, when summer finally comes to an end, and I have to leave for college?
Maybe this is for the best, I try to tell myself. If I look at things clearly, then of course, it makes sense: like ripping the band-aid off in one go, instead of dragging out the pain through a long, doomed goodbye.
But the ache I feel without him doesn’t make any sense to me at all. My whole body feels wrong, like I’ve been split apart and put back together, but the pieces don’t fit right anymore. What I told him was true: he changed me. Something happened between us, more than sense or logic can explain. I saw my future in him, that first day on the highway; felt a connection that shouldn’t ever be broken.
And now it has, I can’t go back to the girl I used to be, not even if I tried.
“Honey?” My mom taps on the door and swings it open. “I brought you some lunch.”
“I’m not hungry.” I tell her, muffled from under the duvet.
“I made PB and J, with the crusts cut off.” She comes to sit on the edge of the bed. “And there’s milk too. Oh, sweetie,” she sighs, pulling back the covers. “You need your strength, this isn’t healthy.”
I want to tell her to go, but my stomach lets out a rumble, so I reluctantly pull myself into a sitting position and reach for the food.
Mom watches me, cautious. I didn’t say much, but I can tell, she knows.
“Maybe you can come down and sit on the porch?” she suggests brightly. “It’s a lovely day outside.”
“I don’t know…”
“You need to get up out of that bed, and do something.” Mom says firmly. “Nothing’s going to get fixed unless you make it fixed.”
I stop. She’s talking about my broken heart, about time, and moving on, I know.Life without Emerson. But her words spark something in me. I sit up a little higher.
“OK. After I’m done eating, I’ll come down.”
“That’s my girl.”



I sit on the porch all afternoon, watching the tide roll in. I think about Emerson, but this time, it’s not grief, or hopelessness circling endlessly in my mind. This time, I think clearly. I’m trying to find an answer.
We’re meant to be together.
It’s simple, and sure, maybe even naïve, but it’s the truest thing I’ve ever known. He’s mine. I’m his. We belong to each other now, and I just have to find a way to make him see it, see that he deserves to be happy as much as anyone, that we can make this work, for real.
Because the alternative—life without him—hurts too much to even bear.
I stare out at the ocean, all these questions racing in my mind. Soon I see, there’s someone out in the ocean, a surfer. I can make out the pale strip of his board as he sits, bobbing on the surface, waiting for a wave. But the whole afternoon, he never takes one. I see him paddling furiously, every time a swell comes through. He lines up his board with the oncoming wave, gets into position, and then… just lets it roll by.
I wonder what’s holding him back. Fear, getting the best of him, before he can let go. I know how he must feel. I always promised myself I wouldn’t be like my parents: I’d love bravely, no matter what the cost. But looking into my future, so many decisions to be made, I can see, how sometimes it’s easier just to let the wave pass you by. You can tell yourself it’s not the right one, that you’re playing it safe, that it’s too much to take. And maybe, you’re right.
But you stay there, bobbing on the surface. You never know what it’s like, to take flight and soar, propelled on by something bigger than yourself.
I want that. I want Emerson. And I don’t care how.
I feel the certainty flood through me, as if there was ever any doubt. He’s all that counts in the world to me. College, the future, it’s all just details. There are other schools, other cities.
But there will never be another him.
I find my phone, and with shaking hands, I dial.
Voicemail.
“Emerson?” My voice is trembling, but I don’t stop. I have to say it, it’s the only thing I have left.
I take a breath and let it spill out in a rush.
“I love you.”
I stop, hearing the words out loud. It sounds so simple, but it means everything in the world to me. I let out a self-conscious laugh, “I know, it’s wrong to be saying that to your voicemail, but, you need to hear it.” I swallow. “I want to be with you, Emerson. That’s all that matters to me. We’ll figure out the rest together. Just, come to me. I’ll be in my darkroom. I… I don’t want to be alone anymore.”
I hang up, my heart racing.
He could say no. He could keep pushing me away. But somehow, I know that doesn’t matter. I’m not giving up on him, not like everyone else in his life. He thinks I’m going to leave because the rest of them always do, but I won’t. I’m staying right here, as long as it takes.
I’ll make him see, we’re all that matters now.
***


She loves me.
After everything. After seeing my life laid bare, all the mess, and pain, and twisted shadows that come with it, everything I’ve been ashamed of for so long. I don’t deserve her, I know. She’s seen the worst of me: the brute animal, the demons unleashed. She’s seen it all.
Still, she loves me.
There’s no choice, not a moment of doubt. I don’t stop, even for red lights.
***


I carefully soak the last photograph in the chemical bath. My hands are shaking, my whole body wound tight with nervous anticipation. I can’t help but glance at my watch again, struggling to make out the time in the dim darkroom light.
Soon.
As soon as I hung up from Emerson’s voicemail, I took a shower and changed: picking out pretty underwear, and my favorite sundress; lip gloss, and a ponytail. I felt like I was dressing for a date, or graduation, but this is even bigger. I’m on the edge of something, the rest of my life, right now.
Once he’s here, there’ll be no going back.
I try and distract myself with the photos. I lift the final print out of the liquid, and pin it to the line to dry. It’s Emerson, the photo I took during our perfect day together. He’s in the driver’s seat, lounging back, one hand on the wheel. He’s grinning at me, so relaxed and free, I can hardly believe he’s the same guy I saw pummeling that dead-beat dealer, driving his fists into the other man’s face over and over until I thought he’d leave him dead on the ground. My heart broke for him, watching his mom leave, but even more, for the look of grim resignation on Emerson’s face, the betrayal and hurt he would never speak.
I vow to myself, to never let him feel that way again. I can love him, and protect him from the pain. We can heal each other.
I feel a sudden shiver, and I know he’s here, even before the shed door opens and evening light comes flooding in. “Close it, quick!” I cry.
Emerson steps inside and slams it shut. “What’s wrong?”
“The photos,” I check them, and let out a sigh of relief. “It’s OK, the chemicals have set. You have to develop them in total dark,” I explain, “Or else the paper gets exposed, and nothing prints.”
He comes closer to me in the dark, and I catch my breath. The photos distracted me for a moment, but now he’s right in front of me, and everything comes flooding back. All my nerves, and hopes, the love swelling in my chest.
And desire.
Emerson stops, a step away from me. His body looms in the shadows, dark eyes glittering in the red beam of the safety bulb. “What you said, in your message…” he trails off, “Did you mean it?”
There’s a twist in his voice, full of hope.
I close the distance between us, and place both palms on his chest. I can feel his heart racing through the fabric of his shirt, a wild rhythm that matches my own.
“Yes.” I vow. I look up into his eyes, and feel the sense of pure rightness wash over me. This is exactly where I’m supposed to be. With him.
“I love you.” I say it softly, tracing one hand up to touch his jaw. I run my fingers over his lips, those lips that send me to heaven with the faintest kiss. “I know it seems impossible, but, it’s the only thing that’s real to me. I want you,” I add, my voice sounding calm and sure despite the butterflies in my stomach. “I want everything.”
Emerson’s eyes flash in recognition, but still, he doesn’t move.
“You’re sure?” His voice is hoarse. “Because if we… You can’t take it back.” His body is tight, and full of tension under my hands. All his power, held back, strung out on the most delicate of wires, waiting to be unleashed.
“I don’t want to take it back,” I’m dizzy, inhaling the scent of him. My legs are weak, just from being so close, but I need him to let go, to surrender to the force that is so much bigger than the both of us.
I press closer against him, and Emerson clenches his jaw. “I want to belong to you.” I tell him, clear. “Always.”
I bring my face closer, closer to his, until our lips are just inches apart.
“Take me.” I breathe as my mouth finds his. “I’m yours.”
Emerson lets out a tormented groan, and then his control is gone, all restraint lost as he sweeps me into his arms, his lips crashing down on mine in a searing kiss that shocks right through me.
He slams me up against the cabinet, devouring me with his mouth, his body, his hands. I clutch eagerly to him, overcome by my hunger, to know every part of him; feel everything. He lifts me as if I weigh nothing, and I wrap my legs tight around his waist. I kiss him back with everything I have, already pulling his T-shirt over his head so my hands can roam across the warm skin of his shoulders, his back, his chest. I slide my hands over the smooth planes, marveling at the taut, hard muscles. The beauty of him.
Emerson breaks the kiss, yanking my dress straps down and raking his tongue across my breasts. I gasp, the sensation rippling through me, a thick pull that itches in my veins and pools with an ache between my thighs. I thrust against him, reckless, wanton, loving the feel of his mouth closing around my nipple, teasing and toying until I’m crying out for more.
Emerson lifts me away from the wall, and we fall to the floor in a tangle of limbs and hot, greedy kisses. I lick across his chest, savoring the taste of his skin, and the way his whole body flinches under my mouth. He shoves my dress down, yanking it off the whole way so I’m trapped beneath him in just my lace bra and panties. Exposed.
He catches his breath, looking down at me with a fierce tenderness in his gaze. “God, you’re beautiful,” he breathes, and then he’s kissing me again, hard and fast until there’s nothing left in my mind and all I can feel is the tantalizing thrust of his body against mine and the delicious sensation of his bare chest pressing against my breasts. He tears off my bra, groaning into my mouth as his hand slides between my thighs.
I cry out. I’m wet for him, aching, and I sob with relief as his fingers find me, rubbing gently, searching, teasing me until I’m bucking wildly in his arms.
“Now,” I gasp, pulling away to grip his face in both my hands. I stare at him, panting and desperate for something I’ve never even known. “I want all of you, I need to know…” I break off, helpless. There are no words to explain how I feel, how this desire is consuming me, and I’m lost in the glorious flames.
But I see it, in the dark intensity of his eyes, Emerson feels it too. He rolls off me, just for a moment, and pulls a condom from his pocket. Then he strips off his jeans and underwear, returning to lie beside me, his body hot against my skin. He kisses me again, tender, and slowly moves me into position.
I lay beneath him, and catch my breath. He settles between my thighs, the look on his face so strained and focused, I can’t help but smile.
“What?” he whispers, reaching to stroke some hair back from my face.
I smile up at him. “You.” I whisper, suddenly shy. “It’s always you.”
A look comes over Emerson I’ve never seen before. A quiet joy that takes my breath away.
“I love you,” he whispers, and I feel his body surge to meet mine. I gasp, taking him into me, feeling the sharp ache and then, oh, the glorious fullness. I stop, our eyes locked, something so precious and true passing between us, I know my life will never be the same.
“I love you,” Emerson breathes again. He starts to move, and I move with him, moaning, lost in the fresh wave of sensation pulsing through me. “It’s you, Jules. It’s always been you.”
He shifts, pulling me closer, angling deeper, and I cry out in pleasure. The fever is taking over me now, pulling me down, every thrust sending me closer to the edge. Emerson is gasping, wild against me, and it’s all I can do to hold on tight, answering his body’s every demand with my own. The tide rises, building, every muscle in my body pulled tight with desire, but somehow I can’t break, I can’t surrender.
“Don’t hold back,” I gasp, writhing under his touch. “I want all of you. Everything you are.”
Emerson’s eyes flash, and then he’s slamming into me, harder, deeper, everything I need. I rise up to meet him, sinking my nails into his back, throwing back my head in abandon. I feel it come, closer, closer, and then Emerson’s face changes and his body goes stiff, and I’m crying out as the wave finally crashes over us, sending me spinning, broken, into the depths of pure ecstasy.
I finally surface, limp in his arms. Emerson is heavy on top of me, his delicious weight pressing down. I take a shuddering breath, my heart racing. Pure gold is shimmering in every cell of my body, an afterglow of peace and breathless pleasure.
“Hey, baby.” Emerson blinks his eyes open, and rolls off me. I open my mouth to protest, but then he pulls me against him, spooning me so I’m tucked, tight against his chest. I relax into his embrace, feeling the race of his heartbeat, and his labored breath.
“Hey yourself.” I sigh, resting my head back onto his shoulder. “That was…”
“Mind-blowing, life-changing, fucking perfection?” Emerson finishes for me.
I laugh, twisting to kiss him. I place my hand against his cheek, still dazed from the storm of sensation. “If that’s what it’s like, how does anyone get out of bed?” I tease.
Emerson grins. “It’s not like that, not with anyone else.” he answers. “Not ever.”
“Oh,” I feel a glow of pride, and snuggle closer. “Just us.”
“All you, baby.” He kisses my sweaty forehead, and I lay back, yawning. “Will your mom be looking for you?” he asks softly, tracing down my naked body.
I shiver under his touch and shake my head. “She went to bed early, she’s still got this flu.”
“So we’ve got all night?” Emerson asks, smiling wide.
“We’ve got forever.”
***


I laid there in her arms until morning, feeling the softness of her body, pressed against me, the heat of her skin against mine. I held her, safe in my arms, and knew that now we’d found each other, nothing could break us apart.
We would be together forever, in love, just like this. We would make it work somehow. I knew it with every atom in my body, every dream I’d hardly dared to think. We belonged to each other now, our lives together were only just beginning.
I was wrong.



Emerson and Juliet’s story continues in the USA Today Bestseller UNBROKEN.
Read on for more info and a look at Chapter One!
**AFTER UNTOUCHED….COMES UNBROKEN **



Emerson and Juliet’s story continues in the USA TODAY Bestselling novel, out now!


Mom always told me there are two kinds of love in this world: the steady breeze, and the hurricane. Emerson Ray was my hurricane…
Juliet McKenzie was an innocent eighteen-year old when she spent the summer in Beachwood Bay—and fell head over heels in love with Emerson. Complicated, intense Emerson, the local bad boy. His blue eyes hid dark secrets, and just one touch could set Juliet ablaze. Their love was demanding and all-consuming, but when summer ended, tragedy tore them apart. Juliet swore she’d never go back, and she’s kept that promise… Until now.
Four years later, Juliet’s done her best to rebuild the wreckage of her shattered life. She’s got a great boyfriend, and a steady job planned after she graduates. Returning to Beachwood to pack up her family’s beach house to prepare it for sale, Juliet is determined that nothing will stand in the way of her future. But one look from Emerson, and all her old desire comes flooding back. He let her go once, but this time, he’s not giving up without a fight. And Emerson fights dirty.
A heartbreaking history. An unstoppable passion. Torn between her past and future, Juliet struggles to separate love from desire. But will they find a way to overcome their tragic secrets—together? And after so much damage has been done, can a love remain unbroken?

BUY NOW FROM MAJOR EBOOK RETAILERS EVERYWHERE
**FOR A SNEAK PEEK OF CHAPTER ONE, READ ON….**
***


I’m doing eighty on the highway with all the windows down, my dirty blonde hair whipping like crazy in the wind. I’ve got my Ray-Ban sunglasses on, and the radio playing country classics as loud as my beat-up old Camaro will go, trying to drown out the whispers of memory that started, the minute I took the freeway exit onto the familiar coastal road.
45 miles to Beachwood Bay.
45 miles to Emerson.
I shake it off. We were coming here for years before I met him, I remind myself sternly. Every summer when I was a kid. Months filled with playing in the surf and reading out on our shady back porch. I should have other, better memories of this place without him.
But you haven’t been back here since.
I block out the treacherous voice in my head, yelling along with the radio instead.
“Gone like a freight train, gone like yesterday…”
The song is right, I decide. It’s gone. That summer is so far behind me, I couldn’t see it in my rearview mirror if I tried. I’m a different person to the screwed-up, headstrong girl I was the last time I drove down this sandy road. I’m twenty-two now, just a month away from graduating college and starting out a whole new life. I’ve got a perfect boyfriend back in the city, and a great career all lined up. Despite everything that happened here that summer, I made it out—made myself into the person I wanted to be—and even though coming here to Beachwood Bay makes me feel sick and dizzy, like I’m about to jump out of a plane in total freefall, this weekend won’t change any of that.
It can’t.
Besides, I tell myself, trying to calm the shiver of nerves in my stomach, I don’t even know if he’s still here. I don’t know anything about Emerson anymore. My idle midnight searches online always come up blank. He could be half-way around the world by now, trekking in the African jungle, or knocking back beers on some beach in Australia with a tall, stacked bikini model at his side.
Tucked under his arm, the place I used to be…
I crank the radio even louder, the country twang ringing so hard I don’t even hear my cellphone, I just see the screen light up from where I tucked it in the cup-holder on my dashboard. Lacey. My best friend. I answer, struggling to turn the volume down and keep a hand on the steering wheel. I know I shouldn’t talk and drive, but way out of the city out here, I won’t see a cop for miles.
“Hey Lacey, what’s up?”
“Are you there yet?” She demands.
“Close.” I check the clock again, “About a half-hour away.”
“I still can’t believe Danny boy didn’t go with you.” There’s a muffled noise as she gets comfy, and when she speaks again. I can just picture her, curled up in our student apartment in Charlotte, looking out of the window over the bustle of downtown. “Isn’t this the kind of thing future fiancés are legally obligated to do?” she asks, “Packing up the summer house you haven’t stepped foot in since… Well, you know.” she trails off.
The silence sits in the air between us, heavy with grief. Emerson isn’t the only ghost lurking in this town. The pain he caused me was only half my broken heart.
I gulp a lungful of fresh, salty air and force the demons out of my mind. “First of all, we don’t know he’s planning to propose.” I shift the phone to a more comfortable position under my ear.
“Please.” Lacey snorts. “His parents love you, you’re moving in together after graduation, and he’s been dropping not-so-subtle hints about your taste in jewelry for months now.”
“You didn’t tell me that!” My stomach kicks, but this time, it’s with a whole different kind of nerves.
“It’s been kind of hilarious,” Lacey adds. “So, do you think Juliet prefers modern, or art deco styles?” she mimics Daniel’s careful East Coast voice.
“What did you say?” I ask, curious. Even though Lacey is right—I’ve figured this was coming for a while now—it still feels strange to talk about it like this. Marriage. The future. Forever.
With someone who isn’t Emerson.
Lacey continues, oblivious to my thoughts. “Princess-cut, classic setting, nothing under two carats. Duh.”
“Lacey!” I flush.
“What? You said, you wanted to build a life with him,” Lacey reminds me. “That you could picture growing old and grey together.”
“I did. I mean, I do,” I correct myself quickly. “Daniel is great. He’s kind, and sweet, and smart—”
“—and perfect, I get it!” Lacey cuts me off. “So I don’t get why he’s not going with you. Not just for all the heavy lifting and packing, I mean. If my girlfriend was going back to see her ex—”
“I’m not here to see Emerson!” My protest comes way too loud, and I flinch, swerving wildly on the road.
Lacey whistles. “Easy there. I’m just saying, Danny boy must be super-secure in your relationship if he’s not even curious about the first guy you ever loved.”
I catch my breath, trying to calm myself. The last thing I need is to wind up dead, crashed in a ditch before I even reach the county line. I slow my speed, and focus on the road ahead. “Daniel isn’t coming because I told him not to. I said I need the space to study in peace. And… he doesn’t know about Emerson.” I admit in a rush
“What?” Lacey’s screech makes me swerve all over again. “You said you told him ages ago!”
“I did,” I protest weakly. “I said there was a guy I dated, before college. But I didn’t say he was here. Or how serious it was.”
“Serious?” Lacey’s voice is dripping with sarcasm. “Try, like a fucking anvil.”
“What was I supposed to say, Lace?” I sigh, feeling that familiar wash of guilt that always settles over me whenever I think about the half-truths I’ve told my boyfriend. “That I had my heart broken so entirely, it took everything I had not to slash open my wrists just to make the pain stop?”
My voice is light now, but the words are true. For the longest time, it felt like I was teetering on a precipice, like one wrong step could send me tumbling into the darkness. The worst part was, there were moments I wanted to take that leap, to just end the pain for good.
“Oh, babe…” Lacey’s voice softens. She knows what it was like for me: as my freshman roommate, she had a front-row seat to the damage that summer left behind. The days when all I did was curl in a ball, weeping; the weeks I barely ate, or left my room at all except for classes. She was the one who finally sat me down and staged a one-girl intervention: dragging me out to parties and coffee-breaks and the campus therapist, who prescribed me a whole list of anti-depressants and anti-anxiety meds.
The pills helped—too much, I think sometimes—but Lacey was my real lifesaver, forcing me to fake at being OK long enough that I finally began to believe it for myself. I didn’t meet Daniel until my junior year, and by then, I could almost believe that those dark days were behind me for good. The only scar I had left you could see was the tiny blue jay tattoo on my right shoulder blade. I’ve thought about getting it removed, wiping the slate clean completely, but something makes me leave it there to glimpse in the mirror every time I step out of the shower. A lasting reminder of all my dumb, fucked-up choices, and the road I swore I’d never take again.
Until now.
“It’ll be fine.” I say firmly, as if that old fake-it-til-you-make-it strategy will work now, all over again. “I’ll pack up the house for the realtor, and be back by Monday. I picked up groceries in the city, so I won’t even need to go into town.”
“If you say so.” Lacey’s voice is doubtful, but she doesn’t press. “Call me later, babe.”
“Love you.”
I hang up, and grip the steering wheel determinedly. It’ll be simple: I’ve got a plan, just like I said to Lacey. I’ll get the beach house packed up, hand the keys over to the realtor, and leave town for good this time—no mess, no fuss, and damn well no moping over old memories.
I head around the next bend, and all of a sudden, the familiar sign comes into view.
Welcome to Beachwood Bay. Population 5,654.
Despite all my good intentions to leave the past in its dark, deep grave, I can’t help it. One look at that peeling wooden board is all it takes for my mind to go racing back, four years ago, to the last time I drove down this road.
The day when I met him.
***


This book wouldn’t have been possible without the support, cheer-leading, and trouble-shooting of a ton of people. A huge thanks to my family, for being awesome, and especially my mom (even though you refuse to read the smexy parts!). Thanks to my kick-ass agent, Rebecca Friedman, and my incredible friends and happy-hour crew: ED, JSC, NNS, LB, GM, JB, EC. You rock! To my new, fabulous indie friends: Emily Snow, Lauren Blakely and Monica Murphy, and all the amazing book bloggers, tweeters, and Facebook friends who made the Unbroken launch a dream come true. You all wanted more of Emerson and Juliet’s story, so this one really is my thank-you to you for being so supportive!
xo Melody
***
