
Loving Harry

Joan Fallon

Published by Joan Fallon at Smashwords
© Copyright 2013  Joan Fallon
ISBN 978 0 9570696 95

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  It may not be re-sold or given away.  If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return it to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Loving Harry

12th OCTOBER 2010
CHAPTER 1: THE FUNERAL

The rain had stopped but the clouds hung over the Buckinghamshire countryside shrouding it in gloom.  She had slipped down the motorway to the next exit then cut across the high ground, through Lane End, across Moor Common and into the village of Frieth.  Tall trees lined the narrow roads, water still dripping from their leaves and collecting in small pools amongst their roots.  Autumn arrived later these days and Margery wound down the car window to let in that sweet, fresh smell that brought with it memories of mouldering leaves and smoky bonfires.  It was good to feel the damp air against her face.  She was glad she had declined Jenny’s kind offer to collect her that morning and arranged for the hotel to get her a hire-car, the drive through the country lanes was raising her spirits.  
Apart from a new conurbation of housing at Lane End nothing much had changed in the area.  She came to the crossroads and carried straight across and up the hill.  The village shop was where it had always been, as was the Yew Tree pub and at first glance the narrow High Street seemed unaltered.  She felt hidden watchers follow her progress from the leaded glass windows of the tiny brick and flint cottages that lined the road.   She was sure that little went unnoticed in this village.  The church was at the top of the hill but she decided to park the car in the pub car-park and walk the rest of the way.
The church of St. John the Evangelist was a small, Victorian church originally built in the nineteenth century as a Chapel of Ease to the Parish Church of St. Mary the Virgin at Hambleden, Harry had been christened there, his father and grandfather were buried there and this was where she had decided that Harry too should be interred.  It was tradition that had driven her to bury him here rather than faith, she had never been a religious person.  As a child her mother had sent her to an Anglican Sunday School where she had learnt the Bible stories and coloured in pictures of saints and apostles along with other children that she never met anywhere else but there, but they never went to church as a family.  When Harry died she had reached out to God hoping to find some comfort but none had come.  She began to go to St. John’s Church in Málaga but the prayers and the hymns seemed superficial and nothing assuaged her grief.  The congregation was almost entirely made up of retired English people, genteel middle-class souls who, if they had any money, gave no outward show of it.  They were the sort of people she thought, peering at them from under her prayer folded hands, who, were they in England, would be striding about in tweeds and Barbour jackets, wearing sensible shoes.  They kindly welcomed her into their midst, asking few questions and trying to involve her in rotas for flower arranging and visiting the elderly, they suggested she join the British Legion, the International Club, the Bridge Club, the Drama Group, whatever her persuasion there was a club to cater for it.  Week after week she sat there listening to the organist mutilate the familiar hymns and tried to find a reason for being there, no gentle peace descended on her, cleansing her soul, easing her grief, no light dawned as to why these things happened in a world protected by a loving God, Jesus did not enter her heart and fill her with joy.  Instead she sat there with the growing realisation that the Anglican Church was a middle-class institution designed to foster middle-class values and conservative ideas and God was their patron.  The members of the congregation, when gathered outside in the bright Spanish sunshine, talked about coffee mornings and afternoon tea, drinks at six and the cheapest place to buy their gin.  Ex-pats every one, they embraced the Spanish weather but clung to their English ways.  After six weeks she knew she would never find salvation at St John’s and stopped attending.
She knew she was early and as there were no other cars parked outside she assumed she would be first.  She turned the heavy metal handle and let herself into the church.  At first she thought she was alone then she saw a familiar shape sitting in the front row, Teddy.  She had hoped he would be there, it had been so long since they had seen him, almost five years.  She thought back, it was just about the time that Harry had started to drink heavily.  He had come out to stay with them for a couple of weeks, but whether it was because of the row he had had with Harry while he was there or just that he could not bear to see the deterioration in his brother, he never repeated the visit.  
‘Teddy?’ she asked quietly.
He turned and smiled at her.
‘Margery, how lovely to see you, my dear.  Come and give this old queen a hug.  My, but you’re as lovely as ever.  No wonder Harry couldn’t resist you.’
He stood up, his long, black coat falling open to reveal a cream, silk shirt and loose fitting black trousers, the sombreness of this relieved by a carelessly tied scarlet spotted cravat and a rakish fedora.  When he held out his arms to her, she moved forward to embrace him, there was a strong smell of cologne and tobacco clinging to him.
‘Teddy, this is nice.  I didn’t expect to see you, I have to admit.’
‘Why ever not Darling?  He was my brother after all.  I just had to come and give him a decent send off.’
‘Is Phoebe with you?’
‘Mother?  No, she’s coming up with Sylvia and Richard, she’s bought herself a maisonette virtually next door to them.’
‘What about Spring Cottage?’
‘Oh it’s still there, just round the corner. She wanted to sell it but I convinced her not to.  Couldn’t abandon the old place, not after all these years, so I took it over when I retired.’
The cottage had been left to Harry’s parents when his grandfather died and although they had lived in it for a few years they had soon tired of life in the country and moved back into town.  
Margery sat down in the pew beside her brother-in-law.  She placed the bag with the urn inside it on the floor next to her.  
‘So that’s him, is it?’ Teddy asked, nodding towards the urn.  ‘Funny thing that.  I’d never have thought I would have outlived a young chap like Harry, not with my wicked ways.’
‘You never know when it’s your turn, now do you.’
‘Truly said, my dear.  Best to make the most of life while you can.’
He patted her hand and sighed.  He was looking older than she remembered, but his grey hair was still thick and luxurious and his bearing was as erect as a man half his age.  How old was he?  She made a rapid calculation in her head and decided he must be about seventy.
‘So how have you been my dear?’
‘Lonely.  I think that’s the best way to describe my life lately: lonely and frustrated.’
‘Frustrated?’ 
Teddy’s eyes flashed with interest and Margery could not suppress a laugh.
‘Not sexually frustrated, you fool, frustrated with my life, with growing old, with not having anything meaningful to do with myself.’ 
‘Oh, yes, we all feel like that as we get older.  You’ll come to terms with it.’
‘But I don’t want to come to terms with it Teddy.  I want something more.  These last few years I’ve spent so much time looking after Harry there has been no time to have a life of my own and now he’s gone it’s hard to adjust to living without him.’
A noise behind them made her break off and turn to see who it was.
‘Ah, Mrs Wilkinson?’ the verger asked.
‘Yes.   Reverend Fairmount?’
‘No, the Reverend will be along in a moment.  I’m his verger.  I just wanted to check that everything was in order.’
He coughed embarrassedly.
‘Ah, do you have the deceased with you?’
‘Yes.’
She handed him the urn.
‘Ah, good.  Good.  We’ll put him over here for the moment, shall we?  Now about the music, the Reverend tells me you have requested “Abide With Me.”’
‘Yes, I hope that’s appropriate.  I’m not a regular churchgoer so I’m not big on hymns,’ she explained.
‘Yes, yes, that’s fine, quite appropriate.  I wondered if I might suggest another one, to play after the Reverend has said a few words.’
‘Certainly, if you think it’s best.’
‘I was thinking of “The Day Thou Gavest Lord is Ended”,’ he added.
‘Fine, whatever you think is best.’
She could see Teddy’s face out of the corner of her eye and tried not to laugh.  They both knew what Harry would think of all this, he had not set foot in a church since the day he had married Barbara.  Still he couldn’t stay on Margery’s bedside table for ever.

The funeral in Spain had been a hurried but efficient affair.  His body had stayed overnight in the mortuary and the following day a firm of undertakers had taken it to the crematorium.  It had all happened as if in a dream.  She had telephoned the Harringtons, who had expressed their condolences and suggested that they contact the rest of their mutual friends.  Julie had driven her out to the crematorium.  There was some solemn music playing when they arrived and they had taken their seats next to her cleaning lady, her gardener and the half dozen friends who had felt obliged to come.  As she had not requested a priest to attend, the service, if it could be given such a grand name, was presided over by an official of the crematorium.  He was used to cremating foreigners and spoke a smattering of heavily accented English.  She remembered how he talked about how Harry’s loving family would miss him and kept referring to him as Señor Enrique and while he spoke, his voice rising and falling with the cadence of his words, the coffin began to glide slowly backwards and out of sight behind a thick velour curtain embossed with a gold cross.  Then the music began again and they all stood, the committal was over.  She bought them lunch in a nearby restaurant and although they talked with false joviality about Harry, nobody mentioned the manner of his death.  They kissed Margery and promised to do all they could to help her but they would not look her in the eye.  Only Rosita, her cleaning lady, a woman with a heart as big as her ample bosom, could not refrain from weeping silently all through the meal.  While they finished their coffee Margery paid the bill and left to collect his ashes.  It had all been so fast, so clinical that she had not even cried until two days later, when the realisation that Harry was dead finally hit her.  Maybe that was the real reason for being in England, so that she could mourn his passing with people that had known and loved him, even if it had been a long while ago.
The heavy wooden door of the church opened again, letting in a shaft of sunlight which danced its way along the aisle.  An elderly woman, her white hair escaping from beneath a swathe of black chiffon, shuffled slowly towards them.  She leant heavily on the arm of a young woman: Sylvia.  Margery recognised her from her wedding photograph, Sylvia, with her unmistakeable red hair and her statuesque beauty.  The wedding photograph was as much as Sylvia would allow her father, he was forbidden to give her away and not even sent an invitation to the wedding.  Although deeply hurt by her actions, it did not stop Harry placing the photograph in a prominent position in the lounge and pointing out his daughter’s exceptional good looks to anyone who happened to enquire.  The old woman must be Phoebe.  Harry had only taken her to meet his mother once, not long before they left for Spain.  It was a meeting that Margery preferred to forget.  Phoebe had made it perfectly clear what she thought of her son leaving his wife and family for Margery.
‘It’s Mother,’ whispered Teddy.  ‘I’d better go and sit next to her.  See you later my dear.  Chin up.’
Margery looked across to where the women were seating themselves in the right hand pew.  Just like a wedding she thought, they’re on the groom’s side, I’m on the bride’s.  Only they had not attended her wedding, none of Harry’s family had attended, only Teddy had sent them an extravagant wedding present and a note of apology.  He had not needed to give his reasons, they already knew them.
The church door opened again.  This time there was quite a procession of people: Sylvia’s husband, Richard, dressed casually, but all in black, then Tom, looking as young and fragile as ever, came in holding the hand of an anorexic-looking girl with dark hair.  They were followed by a tall man in a charcoal grey suit who was supporting Harry’s ex-wife, Barbara on his arm.  All, except Barbara, nodded politely in her direction and positioned themselves in the pew behind Phoebe and Sylvia.  
So here was Barbara, despite her years she was instantly recognisable as the woman Margery had seen in an old photograph she had found amongst Harry’s possessions.  She stood there, her head slightly bowed, her face partially covered by a grey veil, surrounded by her family, by Harry’s family. Margery began to feel exposed and uncomfortable, like the usurper they probably thought she was.  She was amazed at the feelings seeing his ex-wife brought back, the old jealousy had flared up once more.  This was the woman who had shared his life for twenty years and borne him two children.  He had never talked about her and although he spoke about his children, the silence in which he had cloaked that part of his life excluded Margery and because of that exclusion she had become jealous of the woman whose place she had taken.   She tried not to stare at her but her eyes were drawn back again and again to the tall figure, the straight back and the designer coat, Valentino she was sure.  This was a woman saddened by the occasion but not bowed by it.  No, Barbara was nothing like she had imagined.
The organist had arrived by now and the church began to fill with music.  Margery realised that a number of wreaths had been laid on the floor in front of the altar and that the urn had been placed on a small table among them.  She focused her attention on the urn and tried not to think about the people sitting across the aisle from her.  A small movement caused her to look up from her meditation, Jenny had slipped in beside her.
‘Room for me?’ she whispered with a smile.
Margery squeezed her arm but did not reply.
‘Chris and Geraldine are outside, they’ll be in in a minute.  Gerry’s just finishing her fag.’
Chris Kingdom had been Harry’s best friend.  He was one of the few people they had kept in touch with over the years.  He and Harry had gone to school together, played football for the local team and he had been the best man at Harry’s wedding.  Then he had agreed to perform the honour twice and officiated at Margery and Harry’s wedding in Spain.  He marched into the church now, Geraldine trailing behind and sat down next to Margery.
‘Hi there,’ he whispered.  ‘Sad day.’
‘Hello Chris, Geraldine.  Thanks for coming.’
They were spared any further conversation by the arrival of the Reverend Fairmount, who glided down the aisle in black robes and a face that was prepared to brave all the sorrows of the world.  

They buried Harry next to his father, in the family plot.  The rain had returned but now it was heavier than ever, thudding into the newly turned earth and drenching the mourners who stood in a semi-circle around the grave, their umbrellas forming a black canopy.
The casket had already been placed in a neatly excavated hole in the ground.  The vicar said a few brief words of final parting before the funeral director, a tall thin man with a waxy complexion and wearing a black suit that, from the look of its worn cuffs and sheen of verdigris, was his usual working apparel, replaced the earth on top of it. 
‘We can finish up here,’ the verger whispered to her.  ‘Why don’t you come back later when the flowers have been put in place?’
Margery nodded her thanks and pulling a lace edged handkerchief from her pocket, blew her nose.  She did not want to break down in front of these people, she would wait until she was alone.  She turned to face the small group behind her, lifting her umbrella slightly.
‘If anyone would like to come across to the Yew Tree I’ve booked a room for lunch.’
At her words there was a murmur of agreement and one by one they moved off towards the pub.

She had spoken to the Swiss-Italian owner of the pub the night before and arranged for him to prepare a light buffet for them.  Harry had always liked this pub, it had been one of his local drinking haunts before he met Margery.  For obvious reasons they had never gone there together, so Margery looked around her now with particular interest.  They were led through a small, public bar with a low, whitewashed ceiling and an uneven flagged floor, weak rays of sunlight struggled through the leaded lights in the windows and here and there cast their reflection on the horse brasses nailed above the bar, but did little to brighten the room.  They continued down a narrow passage until they reached the back room where the landlord had laid out a table with plates of cold meats, salads and patés.  There was crusty wholemeal bread, tiny squares of hot pizzas and bottles of Italian wine.  She was pleased to see that they were not to be seated formally around a table, there was no room.  People were expected to mingle freely, plate and glass in hand, avoiding and greeting people as they wished.
Courtesy would not permit her guests to ignore her any longer and one by one they approached her to offer their condolences.  Sylvia was the first.
‘Did you have a good flight?’ she asked politely.
‘Usual sort of thing, a bit cramped and no food, but otherwise, yes it was OK.’
‘Hotel OK?’
‘Yes, thank you for booking it for me.’
‘No problem.  I’d have invited you to stay with us but we’re decorating the spare bedroom at the moment.  I thought it might be more comfortable if you were in a hotel.’
‘It’s absolutely fine, Sylvia.  Don’t worry.  I’ll only be there a few nights.  How’s Linda?’
‘She’s at school.  I didn’t see much point in taking her out for the day.  It’s not as though she knew her grandfather, after all.’
‘Yes that was a pity.  Harry loved children.  He was so excited when Teddy told him you were pregnant, he would have loved to have seen his only grandchild.’
Before Sylvia could reply, her husband, Richard, appeared, brandishing his glass at Margery and saying:
‘Excellent Brunello.  Best I’ve tasted since we were in Sienna last year.’
He offered the glass to his wife.
‘Here, have a taste, Sylvia.  What do you think?’
‘Yes, not bad.’
‘Not bad, it’s gorgeous.’
He turned back to Margery.
‘She’s never been much of a wine buff, not like her Dad.  He knew his wine alright, from what I hear.’
‘Yes, Harry was very fond of wine, especially Italian wine, although after so many years in Spain he got to be quite an expert on Spanish wines too.’
And grew too fond of them, she thought as she smiled politely.
‘Richard I don’t think you’ve met Margery before?’ Sylvia interjected.
‘No but I’ve heard a lot about you,’ he said with what Margery thought was almost a wink.  ‘Pleased to meet you.  I’m Sylvia’s husband.’
‘Yes I rather guessed that.’
‘God, is it that obvious?’
He laughed and held out his hand.  Margery had already heard from Teddy that Sylvia’s husband worked for the Environmental Agency and was stationed at Wallingford.  He looked the outdoor type she thought, with his unkempt beard and ruddy complexion.
‘Your work must keep you pretty busy these days,’ she said glad to have someone other than Sylvia to talk to.
‘You wouldn’t believe it.  I’m actually on stand-by today.  If this rain doesn’t ease up we’ll be on Red Alert again and I’ll have to go in.’
As though to emphasise the point he pulled his mobile out of his pocket and checked the screen.  Satisfied that all was well he continued:
‘We’ve been saying for years that allowing people to build houses on the flood plain was ridiculous.  OK it’s nice to have a big house with lawns running down to the river and your own personal jetty, but the insurance companies aren’t keen to insure them anymore, there’ve been too many floods, especially along the Thames.  We’ve spent a fortune shoring up banks and draining flooded areas, but in the end it’s no good, the water still comes back.  And we get the blame.’
He popped a square of pizza in his mouth.
‘Hi Margery.’
It was Tom, his face was pale and drawn as though he had not slept well.  She fancied he might have been crying.  Richard gave him a friendly clap on the back and went off in search of some more wine.
‘Hello Tom, how nice to see you again.’
She reached forward and kissed him on the cheek.
‘How are you?’
Tom fidgeted with the glass in his hand before replying:
‘I’m fine.  What about you?’
‘You know, so so.  It’s a bit lonely without your Dad.’
‘Why now?’
‘Sorry?’
‘Why now?  Why have you brought him back now?  He died last year.’
It was a question that Margery had hoped no-one would ask her.
‘I don’t really know Tom.  You know that your dad wasn’t very religious.  We’d talked about it before and he always said that when it was his turn he didn’t want any fuss, so I just kept his ashes at home until I could make up my mind what to do with them.’
‘But what made you decide to bring him home?’ he insisted.
‘Just that, this was his home.  We had no-one in Spain, all his family were here, so it seemed the natural thing to do to bring him home for you.’
Tom took a sip of his wine then when he looked at her next there were tears in his eyes.
‘Thanks Margery’ he said softly.
She felt a hand on her shoulder and looked around to see Teddy smiling at her.
‘Margery, this is looking all far too intense to me.  What you need is a glass of this excellent wine and something to eat.  Come with me.’
He took her arm and steered her towards the buffet table.

Sylvia took a plate with a small selection of food across to her grandmother, she knew there was no point offering her wine so she poured her a glass of mineral water.
‘Here Nan, this looks nice.’
‘Foreign muck,’ her grandmother muttered under her breath but just loud enough for Sylvia to hear.
‘No it’s not.  Look there’s some salad and a bit of paté and toast.  You like paté.’
Phoebe grunted and took the plate from her.
‘Don’t know why we’re here with that woman,’ she complained.
‘Be patient Nan, we have to stay a little while.  It’s only polite.’
‘Polite.  She wouldn’t know the meaning of the word.  Home-wrecker, that’s what she is.  And look at her now, trying to get her claws into my Teddy.  Well she won’t manage that, he’s too clever for her.  PhD he’s got.  Too clever for the likes of her.’
‘Yes, Nan.’
‘I knew she was no good the first time I met her.  She was all over Teddy and Harry was too stupid to see it.  “How nice to meet you Teddy.  Harry’s told me so much about you, Teddy and your work.  My, but aren’t you clever.”  I can hear her now trying to wheedle her way into his affection.  But Teddy wouldn’t have any of it.  She ruined one son’s life I wasn’t going to let her ruin another.’
‘Now Nan, it wasn’t likely that Teddy would ever fancy Margery.  You know he’s gay.’
Her grandmother did not look at her but Sylvia could hear her muttering: 
‘Gay?  What sort of a word is that?’
She said no more and her mouth set into a thin, tight line.
Sylvia could not understand her grandmother.  As far as she knew everyone was well aware that her uncle Teddy was gay and had been living with his partner Alan for many years.  Her grandmother just chose to ignore the facts and instead still talked about the day when her elder son would meet the right woman and get married.

Margery leaned against the wall, surveying the room.  These people could not wait to be rid of her.  It was as though Harry’s death had released them from any obligation towards her.  Only dear old Teddy, vainly trying to tempt his mother with some triangles of pizza, was genuinely fond of her but he would never break the habit of a lifetime and speak out against the family.  Jenny was happily engaged in conversation with Chris and Geraldine but the rest of her guests looked as though they were waiting for the right excuse to leave.  She felt an unbearable loneliness and wished that Harry, despite his failings, was there beside her.  A howl was forming in her belly and working its way up to her throat, she swallowed hard and forced it down again, where it sat, a tight, twisted knot under her rib cage, refusing to go away.
‘So Margery I suppose we’ll be seeing a lot more of you now.’
It was Richard, refilling his glass and leering at her in a slightly lop-sided way.  She presumed the wine was starting to affect him by the way he was swaying slightly.
‘Why’s that, Richard?’
‘Now that you’re moving back I’m sure that we can keep in touch.  Family and all that.’
‘I’m sorry, I’m not sure I understand you.  I’ve no plans for moving back to England.  Whatever gave you that idea?’
‘Oh, sorry, I just assumed that once the house was sold you’d come back here.  Going to find yourself a pad in Spain, eh?’
‘Richard, you’re not making yourself very clear.  Which house is being sold?’
A sudden chill in the air made her shiver and before he spoke she knew his answer.
‘Why Harry’s house of course.  Don’t tell me you don’t know that it’s on the market?  Hasn’t Sylvia’s solicitor been in touch with you yet?’
Margery just stared at him, unable to keep the look of horror and astonishment from her face.
‘Oh God.  Look Margery, I’m so sorry, I thought you knew.  I’d never have brought it up otherwise, especially today of all days.  I’m so sorry,’ he repeated, looking round the room in desperation. 
The man in the charcoal grey suit, who had accompanied Barbara into the church, came hurrying across.
‘Hello Margery, may I introduce myself?  I’m Ian Routh, the family’s solicitor.’
He offered her a rather curt handshake.
‘I’m very sorry about your husband’s death.  I was going to write to you but when Barbara told me you were having this interment, I decided to wait and speak to you in person.  There have been some developments concerning the house that Harry left to his children.’
He looked at her expectantly but she was unable to respond, her heart was beating wildly.
‘Today’s not a good day, I can see that.  Perhaps you could come to my office one day next week to discuss it?  Say next Thursday at ten o’clock?’
Margery felt the blood drain from her head and for a moment she swayed, letting the room spin away from her.
‘Are you alright Margery?  Here let me help you.’
Richard had taken her arm firmly and someone was pushing a chair towards her.  She sat down gratefully, trying hard to regain her composure.  She was aware that the rest of the mourners were watching her and for a second felt more concerned about her slip of demeanour than the news she had just received.
‘Here, have a sip of this.’
Richard, sobered by his gaff and smiling apologetically, offered her a glass of wine.  Margery took it and drank from it in silence, aware of a lull in the conversation.
‘I’m fine.  Please don’t fuss.  It’s just been rather an emotional day.’
‘Of course,’ murmured the solicitor.
She put down the empty glass and looked at him, her resolve strengthened by the alcohol.
‘Thursday at ten o’clock, you said?  And where exactly?’
Her tone was hard and matter of fact.  They had seen enough of her underbelly for one day.
‘Here’s my card.  The office is in Maidenhead, Castle Hill.  It’s very easy to find and we have our own car park,’ he added, smugly.
‘Fine, I’ll see you next week then.’

Tom was surprised to see Ian deep in conversation with Margery, surely he could not be talking about the house now, not in front of everybody.  He squirmed with discomfort and wished he could think of a reason for leaving.
‘What’s up with you Tomo?  You look as though you’ve swallowed a toad.’
‘Nothing.  It’s nothing.’
‘Come on I know you, it has to be something,’ his girlfriend insisted.
‘It’s about the house.’
‘Your Dad’s house?’
‘Yes.  I think Margery has just found out.’
‘Don’t be ridiculous she must have known when they read the will that he left it to you two.’
‘She doesn’t know that Sylvia wants to sell it though.’
‘I didn’t know that.  You never said.’
‘I didn’t think she’d go through with it, especially as in the will Dad asked us to let Margery stay there as long as she wished.’
‘So how can she sell it?’
‘According to Ian, it depends on the goodwill of the people who have inherited it.  That’s us.  I don’t care, she can live in it as long as she wants as far as I’m concerned but Sylvia needs the money.’
‘Mm, difficult.  No wonder you’re looking so uncomfortable.’
‘I can’t go against Sylvia, she would see it as taking sides and never forgive me.’
‘Difficult.  Never mind, I expect it’ll all be sorted.’
She drifted off in the direction of the buffet table, leaving Tom none the wiser on what he should do.  He watched her engage Margery’s friend, Jenny, in conversation.  That was typical of Charlotte, to her everything had a solution and you only had to be patient and it would reveal itself.  He wished he could be like that but he did not have her patience or her faith.

‘So are you a relative of the deceased?’ Jenny asked.
‘No, nothing like that.  I’m a friend of his son.’
Charlotte pointed her wine glass in the direction of Tom.
‘And you?’
‘I worked with his wife.’
‘Barbara?’
‘No, Margery, we’ve been friends for years.’
‘So you knew Harry then?’
‘Yes, I’ve known Harry for years.’
‘Everything OK?’ asked Margery, coming across to join them.
‘Fine.  What about you?  You’re looking a bit peaky.’
‘So so.’
‘Hello Margery, I’m Charlotte, Tom’s girlfriend.  I’m sorry to hear about your husband.’
‘Hello.  Thank you.  Yes, it’s been over a year since he died you know,’ she added.
‘Really.’
The girl stared at her glass, unsure of what else to say.
‘Look, excuse me I need to get another drink,’ Margery explained.
She looked at Jenny.
‘I’ll be back in a minute.’
Margery’s mind was racing with the news of the house sale but she did not feel able to talk to anyone about it, she would have liked to grab Jenny’s arm and leave there and then so they could talk in private but nobody else seemed ready to go.  As she turned to go back to the bar someone touched her arm lightly.
‘Arnie.  What on earth are you doing here?’ she asked unable to keep the surprise from her voice.
‘Not a nice way to greet an old friend Margery.  I’ve come to say goodbye to my old mate ’Arry, of course.  Sorry I missed the funeral, but then ’Arry was never very big on funerals was ’e.’
‘Sorry Arnie, it was just such a shock to see you here.  I didn’t realise that you knew I was bringing his ashes back.’
‘Can’t keep much secret in El Paraiso I’m afraid.  Actually Maisie told me.  I’m over ’ere seeing to a few property deals so I thought I’d come along and pay my respects.’
‘That’s very kind of you.’
She could feel people watching them, probably wondering who this thuggish looking man was and she squirmed with embarrassment.  She barely recognised him, he had put on weight and was now completely bald, having shaved off what remaining hair he had.
‘Help yourself to something to eat Arnie.’
‘No thanks, but I’ll have a drink though.  What more fitting way to say goodbye to my boozy old chum.’
He picked up a glass of wine and raised it in a mock toast.  She felt her old dislike for the man returning.  She had not seen him since before Harry had died, he too had dropped Harry when he became a social embarrassment.  She hoped he was not going to talk to anyone about Harry’s death, so far she had managed to keep her husband’s drinking a secret from the family.

‘Who on earth is that man talking to Margery?’ Sylvia asked her uncle.
‘Can’t say Darling.  Never seen him before but he doesn’t seem to be Margery’s type.’
‘Maybe he’s her solicitor.’
‘Now why would she need a solicitor?’
‘You’ve heard that we’re going to sell the house?’
‘Harry’s house?’
‘Actually it’s our house now, Tom’s and mine.’
‘No I hadn’t heard, but I suppose it makes sense that Harry would want to leave you something.’
‘Because he never did anything for us while he was alive, you mean?’
‘Why sell it now?’
‘Because I need the money.’
‘Richard hasn’t lost his job, has he?’
‘Of course not, but the pay is not very good, never has been.  No it’s because of Linda.  She’s just been tested and they’ve discovered she’s severely dyslexic.  She can continue at her local school but the help they can give her is limited so we want to send her to a private school that specialises in helping children with learning difficulties.  It’s not cheap and we just can’t afford it on Richard’s salary.  The money from the sale would make all the difference.’
‘Oh my poor Darling, can’t Mother help you?’
‘Nan?  No she needs all her money in case she has to go into a nursing home.  She’s told me that she’ll leave us both some money when she dies but that could be quite a few years on yet.  Linda needs help now.’
‘What about re-mortgaging the house then?’
‘Impossible, we’re mortgaged to the maximum.’
‘Of course, borrowing has been very difficult lately, I know.’
Teddy had lost a lot of investments in the global financial crisis of the previous year.  His professorship paid quite well and his outgoings were modest but he still did not have enough spare cash to help Sylvia.
‘There’s always your mother, why don’t you ask her?’
‘No I don’t want to. She’s had to struggle to get where she is today, I want her to enjoy it.  Anyway, knowing Ian, he’s probably persuaded her to invest it all in long term stocks and shares that can’t be touched for years.  The only solution is to sell the house in Spain. We can get a good price for it, people are moving out there all the time.  I’d go too, if Richard would agree, but he loves England too much to leave.’
‘So what about Margery?  Where will she live if you sell?’
‘Do you think I really care about Margery?  She’ll probably find someone else and shack up with them anyway.’
‘Sylvia, that’s a little harsh.’
‘Maybe but she didn’t care about us did she?  Anyway I’m sure Dad will have left her some money, she can buy another place, something smaller.’
‘I’m not sure your father had much money by the time he died.  Remember he sold his company twenty years ago, I doubt if there’s much left by now.’
‘That’s her problem.  She can go back to work, like the rest of us.’

Margery edged her way towards Chris and Gerry, they were perched on a banquette eating cold pizza and chattering to Jenny.
‘Hi guys, everything OK?’
‘Fine Marge.  Good spread,’ Chris replied, his mouth full.
‘How are you?  You look exhausted,’ Gerry said, standing up.  ‘Here sit down with us for a bit.’
Margery sat down and slumped against the wall.  Her feet hurt in the new shoes and her neck ached from the tension of smiling at everyone, she sipped her wine and said nothing.
‘We were just telling Jenny about the problems with our house.’
‘The one in Wokingham?’
‘No, we haven’t lived there for years.  We bought an old mill house in Syndlesham a few years ago, when prices were really cheap.  It was all my fault, I know, I just fell in love with it the moment I saw it, even though Chris warned me against it.  I’ve always wanted to live by the river you see and the Mill House looked just perfect for us.  I just never thought the river would come up so high.’
‘So what happened?’ Margery asked.
‘We were flooded.  They built up the embankment but then the next year we were flooded again so they built it higher still.’
‘Did that solve the problem?’
‘Yes in a way, we haven’t been flooded since but we’ve still got problems with the sewage and the smell is awful.’
‘Didn’t you just redecorate?’ interrupted Jenny.
‘Yes we did but the mould keeps coming back and to make it worse I saw some rats the other day.  Now Chris won’t let me put down any rat poison in case the dog eats it.’
‘Why not sell it and move away?’
She laughed bitterly.
‘No-one will buy it.  We’ve had it on the market for months now and nobody is interested.  It’s mortgaged to the hilt and now it’s in negative equity.  We just don’t know what to do.’
‘Maybe it’s just a question of waiting and seeing what happens to the market,’ Margery suggested.
‘That’s what I tell her,’ said Chris.  ‘But she is as determined now to sell it as she was to buy it in the first place.’
He shrugged.
‘Anyway Marge what about you?  Bearing up and that?’
‘Yes, I’m OK I suppose.  I’ve just had a bit more bad news though.’
She told them about the conversation with Ian Routh.
‘That’s dreadful,’ interrupted Gerry.  ‘They can’t do that.  Harry wanted you to live there.’
‘Actually Gerry I think they probably can.  We’d have to have a close look at the wording of the will to see exactly what Harry has stipulated.  When did he write his will?’ Chris asked.
‘Oh gosh, years ago.’
She paused then continued:
‘I think it must have been 1992.  It was when the housing market was going through a bad stage and prices were plummeting, nobody could get mortgages and the banks were cutting back on lending.’
‘Like now, you mean?’ interrupted Gerry
‘Yes, I suppose so.  He thought his children might need a hand in the future and all he had to leave them was his house.  I didn’t mind, he said he would leave me some money and stipulate that I could carry on living in the house as long as I wished.  It didn’t seem a big deal at the time.  They were his children so I felt he could leave them what he wanted.’
‘Why don’t you ask Max to look into it for you?’ Chris asked.
‘Yes I suppose I could.  I’m supposed to go and see Sylvia’s solicitor next Thursday, it would be nice to have someone to give me some advice first.’
‘Is that her solicitor over there?’
‘Yes, Ian Routh.  He has an office in Maidenhead.’
‘I know him, he used to play cricket with us in the old days.  Look how long are you going to be here?’
‘I don’t have anything planned.  I came on an open ticket.  Why?’
‘I’ll ring Max and ask him to look into it.  Maybe I could arrange a meeting for early in the week and that’d give him time to go over a few things.  OK?’
‘That’s fine with me.’
Max had represented Harry during his divorce and Harry had said that he was very competent, so she felt confident he would help her find a solution.
‘Look we’re taking the kids bowling at the weekend, why don’t you come with us?’
‘Oh, I don’t know.  I’m not really in the mood for going out.’
‘Go on, it’ll do you good.’
‘Yes, good idea Gerry.  You’ll love it Marge, it’ll take your mind off things.’
‘Oh alright.’
‘Great, we’ll pick you up around ten.  Holiday Inn you said?’
‘Yes.’
Jenny had wandered away during the conversation and Margery could see her now in a typical pose, a wine glass in one hand and her mobile in the other.  Arnie was asking her something and she saw her snap her mobile shut and give him the benefit of her dazzling smile. 

‘Are you going to speak to her about the house?’ Barbara asked.
‘Yes I’ve arranged all that and she’s got my card, so don’t worry.’
He squeezed Barbara’s hand affectionately.
‘She doesn’t look like I imagined,’ she said softly.
‘Have you never met her then?’ 
‘You seem surprised.  Why should I have met her?  They moved to Spain not long after Harry left and she didn’t come to the divorce hearing.  I wasn’t actually going to bump into her was I?’
‘I suppose not.  I thought that maybe you’d seen a photograph of her.’
‘No, Harry was too careful to leave anything incriminating about.  I had an idea of what she looked like from Phoebe and Teddy but I never realised she was so lovely.’
‘Yes, she’s a good-looking woman, but she’s not a patch on you,’ he said, giving her hand another squeeze.  ‘You’re not letting yourself get upset are you?’
‘No of course not.  It’s twenty years now, I’m over all that.’
‘Good.  How about some more wine?’
‘OK.’
She continued to watch Margery while Ian went off to replenish their glasses.  Was it true?  Was she over it?  Was the bitterness still lurking in her soul?  Now that she saw her she was not sure.  True she had pulled her life together and found a new man to love but the sight of Margery after all these years had stirred up some painful memories.  She did not know how to react.  At first she had been surprised to hear from Sylvia that Margery was bringing Harry back to bury him then she had been angry that all the old wounds would be reopened, but now all she could feel was a general sadness, the lowering of spirits that accompanies funerals.  Despite being surrounded by her family she felt the odd one out, he was no longer her husband and she was not his widow, Margery was.  She had not wanted to attend the funeral but in the end she felt it was the correct thing to do.  Now how did she feel about Harry?  What did one normally feel at funerals, sadness for an untimely death, the loss of a loved one, emptiness at the lonely life that stretched ahead?  These did not apply to her anymore, she was not the widow.   She was not even the same woman that Harry had left all those years ago.  That was the big difference, she had changed.
‘Here you are sweetheart.’
She took the proffered glass from Ian and smiled.  
‘Do you think I ought to speak to her?  You know, offer my condolences?’ she asked.
‘It’s up to you, Babs.  Do you feel up to it?’
‘I don’t know.  I’m not sure what I would say.’
‘Why not wait until we leave then you can say something on the way out.  That way it won’t be too awkward for you.’
‘Or for her.  Yes, I’ll do that.’
She could see Teddy approaching her and smiled, he was being his usual diplomatic self, dividing his time equally between the protagonists.  She had seen him talking to Margery earlier, then Sylvia and his mother, now it was her turn.
‘Well my lovely, how are you?’ he asked brandishing his wine glass like a standard before him.
‘Fine Teddy.  Here come and sit down beside me before you spill that wine.’
‘Right’o my girl.’
She could see from the flush on his already ruddy complexion that the wine was beginning to affect him.  He had acquired a rose from somewhere, probably one of the flower arrangements and stuck it into his buttonhole.  He sat down heavily beside her and sighed audibly.
‘Sad day, old girl.  Going to miss the old devil you know.’
‘It comes to us all,’ she said awkwardly.
She was not used to this side of Teddy’s nature, he was always the jolly one, the strong and positive voice among all the dissenters.
‘Younger than me you know.  Not fair.  I should have gone before him.  Older brother and all that.’
‘That’s not how it works, Teddy.  When it’s your time to go it’s your time,’ said Ian trying to be philosophical.
‘Yes but it’s not fair.  I should have looked out for him.’
‘How did Harry die?’ Ian asked looking at his wife.
‘Not sure, some accident I think.  Nobody has actually said what happened.’
‘Was he hurt?  Did he go into hospital?  Do we know?’ Ian continued.
‘To tell the truth Ian I really don’t know.  The first thing I knew was when Tom rang me last year to say that his father had died, but by then he had already been cremated.’
‘That’s what they do in Spain,’ Teddy offered.  ‘Hot country you see.  Can’t have the bodies lying around for too long.  All done and dusted in twenty-four hours.’
‘So nobody really knows how Harry died?’
‘Margery does of course.’
‘But she hasn’t told anyone.’
‘Not in any detail.  Look I don’t know, you’d have to ask Tom.  He’s the only one who has had anything much to do with her,’ Barbara replied.
She did not like the direction this conversation was going, for some reason it made her feel uncomfortable.  She decided to change the subject.
‘Look there’s that man again.  Do you know who he is, Teddy?’
‘No, never seen him before.  Looks a bit like the Mafioso to me.’
‘Mum, I’m going to take Nan home now, she’s tired,’ Sylvia explained.
‘OK love.  It’s probably time we were going as well.’
She looked enquiringly at Ian.
‘Yes, OK.  Just give me a few minutes, I need to speak to someone.’
Ian picked up his half finished drink and moved away, he knew Barbara was watching him as he joined the small group in the corner and began speaking to Jenny.
‘Hello, I’m Ian Routh, the family’s solicitor.’
He held out his hand.
‘Hi, I’m Jenny, a friend of Margery’s.’
She shook his hand and smiled pleasantly.  Ian then turned expectantly towards Arnie.
‘Hello,’ he repeated.
Arnie nodded a reply but said nothing.
‘And you are?’ asked Ian.
‘Family friend,’ Arnie replied with a smirk.
Ian nodded then said: 
‘Unpleasant business.’ 
‘Unpleasant?’ asked Jenny.
‘Sad and that.’
‘Funerals are usually sad for somebody,’ she chirped, draining down her wine.  ‘Look nice to meet you Ian Routh, but I have to find the bathroom I’m afraid.  ’Bye Arnie, nice meeting you again.’
‘Likewise,’ Arnie said.
He turned to Ian.
‘Got to be going I’m afraid.’
Ian watched him speak briefly to Margery then leave.  So he was called Arnie, Ian could not remember anyone mentioning him before.  He decided to ask Tom what he knew about Harry’s demise.  He looked around and spotted him in the corner of the room arguing with his sister.
‘I think something strange is going on,’ Sylvia was saying as he came up to them.
‘How do you mean?’
‘Have you never wondered how exactly Dad died?’
‘Margery said it was an accident.’
Sylvia stopped when she saw Ian.
‘I was just wondering the same thing Sylvia,’ he said.  ‘So, if it was an accident, do we know any of the details?’
‘He drowned.’
‘And his body?’
‘You know they always bury them pretty quick in Spain.  There’s nothing sinister about that.’
‘Yes, but he wasn’t buried, was he.  He was cremated.’
‘Mmmn.’
‘And why wait so long before bringing him home to be buried?’
‘I suppose she just couldn’t face it.’
‘Couldn’t face the questions more like.  I think it’s ridiculous that we’re just going along with this charade and we have no idea how he drowned.’
‘Do you think it was foul play then?’ Ian asked.
‘It could be.  Something’s not right.  I’m sure that woman’s not telling us everything.’
‘Don’t be ridiculous Sylvia.  Margery wouldn’t do anything to hurt Dad.  Why would she?  What’s she got to gain?  He left most of his stuff to us.’
‘Maybe she didn’t know that.’
‘This is getting stupid.  If you really want all the gory details, ask her.  I’m sure she’ll tell you.’ 
‘Look Tom, you remember what a good swimmer Dad was.  Why would he drown in his own swimming pool?  It doesn’t make sense.’
‘The police were there.  They’d have said something if they had thought it wasn’t an accident.’
‘How can you be so sure?  It’s Spain you’re talking about, not London.  They probably couldn’t care less.’
She held out her empty glass to her husband.
‘I thought you were driving?’ he asked.
‘I am.  Just a small top-up, please Darling.’
She watched Richard walk away in the direction of the bar then resumed her conversation with her brother.
‘I think we should ask Ian to make some enquiries.’
She looked at Ian as she said it.
‘Sylvia, don’t you think it’s a bit late for that?’ her brother replied.
‘No, I don’t.’
Her voice was raised and Ian noticed Barbara look across in concern.
‘Keep it down, everyone will hear you,’ Tom hissed at her.
‘So what?  What do you say Ian?  Do you think you could find out a bit more?’
‘I suppose I could try but I’d have to speak to your mother first.  I don’t want her getting upset about all this.’
‘Sylvia, what on earth is the matter?  You’re looking very agitated.’
Barbara stood beside them, her face creased with concern and Ian noticed that the glass in her hand trembled as she lifted it to her lips.
‘She’s getting herself worked up about Dad’s death,’ Tom explained.
‘Oh my poor Darling.’
Barbara put her arm around her daughter and pulled her towards her.  Tears were shining in Sylvia’s eyes but Ian was not sure if it was because of grief or anger.
‘Don’t cry Darling.  You must try to be brave.’
‘It’s not that Mum.  She thinks Dad’s death might not have been an accident.’
Barbara drew back and looked at her daughter.
‘I just said we deserve to know the exact circumstances of his death, that’s all.  For example where was Margery when it happened?’
‘Look Darling, let’s discuss this later, when we’re alone.’
‘Yes,’ Tom supported his mother emphatically.  ‘This is not the place to talk about it.  Mum let me get you another drink, I think you’ve spilled most of that one.  Red wine?’
Barbara nodded.
‘OK but I don’t want this being swept under the carpet again.  We need to know.  I need to know,’ Sylvia insisted. 
Tom moved away from the group, he was supposed to be getting some more wine for his mother but he just needed an excuse to distance himself from his sister for a few minutes.  He loved his sister but right now Sylvia’s suspicions were annoying him, this was not the time or the place to be throwing such ideas about.  Nevertheless he could understand where she was coming from.  He too would like to know more about what had happened to his father. When he had tried to ask Margery for more details, on the occasion she rang to give him the bad news, she promised she would tell him everything when she next saw him.  That had never happened.  They had not seen each other again until today.  Maybe she would find time to talk to him later, he wished now that he had invited her to stay at his flat instead of allowing her to go to that drab hotel on her own.  Now, like everyone else, he had to be content with the bald facts, Harry had tripped and fallen in the swimming pool.  He looked around the room trying to locate her.  Margery was talking to a couple he did not recognise, he wondered if they had been friends of his father.  He felt that old sadness tighten his chest, there was so much he did not know about his father.  

Margery went to settle her bill with Franco.  She could see Jenny chatting to the by now well inebriated, Teddy.
‘Thank you Franco, it was all delicious.’
‘I’m glad Senora.  I was very sorry to hear that Harry had died.  I liked him, he was a nice man, always laughing and joking.  Of course it’s a long time since he was here but I remember him well.’
‘Thank you Franco.’
‘Come on Margery, we’re going back to my place for a bit.  I’ll make you a nice strong espresso to sober you up before you go home.’
Teddy was standing in the doorway supported by Jenny.
‘Yes come on Marge, just a quick coffee.’
‘You two go on, I’ll join you later.  I have to go back over to the church before I go.  I’d like to look at the flowers.’
At the mention of flowers Teddy and Jenny looked serious.
‘Of course.  Just come over when you’re ready, old girl,’ he said.
They staggered out the door together and down the path.  Spring Cottage was only a few steps down the hill and Margery watched them until they disappeared out of sight then she walked across to the church.  The churchyard was deserted, the gravestones glistening from the rain.  Apart from a blackbird that sat in the hawthorn hedge singing for all he was worth, there was no sound.  The verger had placed the flowers on the small grave and they added a flash of colour to the gloomy spot.  She bent down to read the cards attached to them and began to relax.  At last she could breathe, she felt the tension of the previous months slip away from her.  She had done it, she had brought Harry home and now she could get on with her life.

JUNE 1987

CHAPTER 2: HOW IT ALL BEGAN

She had met him at the charity fashion show.  Baroness Zilinsky had invited her to take part in it to raise money for a charity to help deprived children, “Young Sport” it was called.  It had been a glittering affair, held in a hotel in Kensington and everyone who was anyone was there, ex-kings, Saudi princesses, pop-stars, Jewish bankers, Russian businessmen, actors and actresses, the Baroness had many contacts.  Margery was thrilled to be included, she took some of her favourite creations: zippered jackets made of rough crocodile leather and studded with diamonds, full-length leather coats with embossed shoulders, blouses made of soft calf skin tied at the waist with chunky belts, suede trousers in soft shades of plum and aubergine.  She fussed around the models, checking their make-up, adjusting their hair, she would have liked to have dressed them all herself but that was impractical, so she contented herself with making small modifications to the final look, a last tweak at a hemline or a gentle tug at a sleeve, before she let them out on the cat-walk. 
She had been so involved in making sure that everything went well that she had not noticed him at first, it was only when she was sitting back, her heart in her mouth, hoping that nothing had been overlooked and that the girls would strut their usual stuff, that she saw him.  He sat to one side of the catwalk, a fairly ordinary looking man, dressed in casual jeans and an open shirt, but there was something about him that commanded attention.  Maybe it was his eyes, the palest blue eyes she had ever seen.  Or maybe his black hair, worn longer than the current fashion she noted, that flopped across his face like a teenager’s.  He seemed to be looking straight at her and when he saw that she had seen him, he smiled and she felt a sudden jolt to her stomach.  Perhaps it was because she was on a high from the show or just exhausted from all the preparations but the look he gave her made her feel weak.  She felt her face grow hot and knew that she was blushing, she hurriedly turned away to concentrate on the compere whose glowing introduction was making the Baroness smile with pleasure. The fashion parade began, she tried to concentrate on the models, resisting the temptation to turn and see if he was still there, but the girls strutting on the platform in front of her lacked their usual fascination and his face kept reappearing in her mind.  He could be a poet, she thought, or an actor, definitely someone artistic.
The music stopped and the applause began.  Margery stood, turned to face the audience and bowed in gratitude.  It had been a great success, for a moment she felt like a celebrity.  Now it was the turn of another designer.  The compere reappeared and began to announce the next collection, she gathered up her things and was about to slip away when a voice said:
‘Hi, are you leaving already?’
It was the man who had been looking at her, his voice was deep for such a slight man and there was just a touch of some country accent, Somerset or Berkshire, she could not quite place it.  
‘Yes, I’ve got a lot to see to.’
‘Time for a quick drink?’
He smiled at her again, a wistful, lop-sided smile that turned her legs to jelly.
‘My name’s Harry, by the way, Harry Wilkinson,’ he continued, holding out his hand.
She took it nervously.
‘Margery Kane.’
‘I know.’
He nodded towards the banners with her name emblazoned on them.
She felt herself blushing again and was angry.  This was not her, she was not a blushing teenager.
‘As I said, I’ve got quite a lot to pack up.’
‘Maybe later, when you’ve finished?’
She hesitated.
‘Come on, you should be celebrating, it was a great success.’
‘You think so?’
‘They loved it.’
‘It is for charity you know,’ she reminded him.
‘I know, but it can’t hurt your career, can it?  There’re some pretty important people here tonight.’
‘I suppose not.’
‘So, what about that drink then?’
‘I’m supposed to stay for the party, afterwards.  My agent says that’s the most important part of the evening, it’s when I could pick up some new clients.’
‘So you’ll still be working?’
His eyes never left her face.
‘I don’t need to stay too long,’ she found herself saying.
What was she doing?  Jenny would be furious, this was a big event.  Milk it for all your worth, she had told her, and here she was planning to leave early to have a drink with a man she had only just met.
‘Great.  Do you know the Bull and Butcher?  It’s just round the corner, I’ll wait for you there.  Say around nine-thirty?’
‘Alright, nine-thirty.’
He smiled again and she felt the warmth of that smile reach out and touch her heart.

It had not been difficult to leave the party early.  She ate a few canapés and drank a glass of champagne as she wandered about making polite conversation with the guests.  Apart from the Baroness and a few of the models, she knew hardly anyone there, the guests had been invited not so much for their interest in fashion as for the size and generosity of their wallets.  But the Baroness was delighted with the success of the event and at one point came up to Margery, squeezed her arm affectionately and said:
‘I hope you are enjoying yourself, my dear.  It has been such a success, I think we’ll do it again next year.  And you must come too, with your new collection.’
So it was with a feeling of euphoria that Margery eventually said her goodbyes and hurried round the corner to the Bull and Butcher.  He was sitting at a small table in the corner, facing the door, a half-empty glass of bitter in front of him.  When he saw her come in he was on his feet immediately.
‘I thought you’d changed your mind,’ he said.
‘No,’ she smiled.  ‘It just took longer to get away than I thought.’
‘So, was it fun?’
‘Well, if you like drinking champagne with the rich and beautiful, yes it was.’
‘Sounds good.’
His eyes were twinkling and he seemed unable to repress the smile that threatened to split his face in two.  He is pleased to see me, she thought, this man is really pleased to see me.
‘So what’ll it be?  More champagne?’ he asked.
‘No, I don’t think so.  A glass of white wine would be nice.’
She brushed a stray curl off her face and deftly tucked it behind her ear.  She wished she had delayed a bit longer and taken the time to check out her appearance, it was late and her make-up was tired, her hair unkempt and her dress creased.  But after all, she reminded herself, I have been working and so has he.  While he was at the bar she took out her compact and dabbed at her nose, then swiftly renewed her lipstick.  That was better.  There was not much she could with her hair, it was an unruly mop of tawny curls at the best of times and now, after the exertions of preparing for the show and the heat from the lights, it frizzed around her heart-shaped face like an Afro.
Despite being a Sunday night, the pub was not too busy and Harry was soon served.  He gave her the glass of wine and tipped half of bitter into his original glass.
‘So, have you always been in the fashion business?’ he asked, after a short silence on both their parts.
‘Yes, I suppose I have.  It’s all I’ve ever wanted to do, ever since I was a little girl.  What about you?  What do you do?’
‘Me, I’m an electrician.’
For a moment she felt disappointed, an electrician, not particularly glamorous work after all.  She would never have imagined that his job was so mundane.
‘So why were you at the show?’
‘Working.’
He was watching her, waiting to see her reaction.  Then he laughed.
‘Actually, my company is responsible for all the lighting.  We specialise in lighting unusual events, pop concerts, reviews, music festivals, plays, fashion shows, anything in fact that requires specialised lighting.’
‘Don’t the venues have their own lighting already set up?’
‘The permanent ones do, but even then they may want some special effects that they don’t already have.’
She knew that light could be used to create certain moods or illusions but she had never really thought about how it was done.
‘The lighting of an event is really important, it can make something quite ordinary look extraordinary.’
‘Like flashing lights and changing the colours?’
‘Yes.   But of course it depends on the event.  In this fashion show for example the aim is that the audience can see the designs as clearly as possible, you don’t want to change the colours or blur the images. But in a pop concert we can be much more creative.’
‘Strobe lighting?’ she asked.
‘Yes, we use strobe lighting to alter reality,’ he explained.  ‘It can slow things down or give the impression that things are going the opposite way.  It can make a dramatic effect especially when it’s synchronised with the music.’
‘Yes, I’ve seen it, it’s a trick of the eye.’
‘Yes, that’s right.  Magic, if you like.’
‘It gives me a headache.’
‘There’re lots of things you can do with the correct lighting.  Back lighting, for example can give a softer effect, the subjects look as though they have halos.  Or you can spotlight individual performers, or light up one part of the stage and leave the other in darkness.  You can create whatever illusion you want.  It’s a complicated subject,’ he added apologetically.
‘It sounds fascinating.’
‘Yeah, it is, especially when it’s going well.  I have to travel about quite a bit and most of the jobs are at weekends which can be a pain, but it’s satisfying work.’
‘And fun, I would imagine?’
‘That too.’
‘So, have you met anyone famous?’
‘A few, Rod Stewart, Sting, Gary Lineker.  We get to see lots of famous people but I don’t actually get to meet many of them.  Remember we’re behind the scenes.  My aim is that everything goes so smoothly that we’re not noticed.  Usually the only time that anyone notices us is when something goes wrong and that costs me money.’
‘Where’s your next job?’
‘In the North actually, Leeds.  It’s a small pop concert, nobody famous.’
‘Yorkshire?’
‘Yes, lovely part of the world.  Want to come?’
She looked at him.  Was he joking?  For once he was not smiling, he was serious.
‘I don’t think that would be a good idea,’ she replied.
‘Why not?  The concert’s on the Saturday night, the lads’ll go up the day before and start setting up and I’ll drive up on Saturday morning to check everything’s OK.  You could come with me, watch the concert and then we could spend Sunday together.    I’m not joking, it really is a beautiful place.  As long as it doesn’t rain that is.’
‘But I’m pretty busy at the moment,’ she replied.
‘I’ll take you for lunch in Hawarth,’ he said with a smile.
‘Bronte country.’
‘So you have heard of it.’
‘Of course.  “Wuthering Heights” is one of my favourite books.’
‘So will you come?’
‘I shouldn’t.’
‘Surely you give yourself weekends off?’
‘Not really, I usually work until the job is finished.’
‘Well it’s time you did.  What’s the saying?  All work and no play?’
‘I suppose I could get it finished before Saturday.’
‘Great, that’s agreed then.  I’ll pick you up on Saturday morning.  It’ll have to be early, I’m afraid, say around seven?’
‘OK, why not.’
She could not believe she was saying this, she was agreeing to go away with a complete stranger for the weekend.  She felt like laughing out loud, this was the craziest thing she had done in a long time.  Maybe this man was right, maybe she has been spending too much time working and not enough time having fun.
‘So where do you live?  Address?  So I can pick you up.’
‘Oh, of course.  West Ealing, Hammond Road, number 34.’
As he jotted it down on the back of the beer mat, she sipped some of the wine.  Her pulse was racing.  It was almost a year since she had broken up with Gary, a relationship of convenience on both sides that had been going nowhere.  Since then she had been too busy concentrating on building up her business to get into a serious relationship with anyone.  Was that what she thought was going to happen here?  Were they going to have a serious relationship?

Like she had told Harry, Margery had always been interested in fashion.  When she was at school if you had asked her what she wanted to be, she probably would not have said a fashion designer, her aspirations were not so high, but she knew it had to be something to do with clothes.  Neither of her parents was artistic, but her mother had been a very able needlewoman, she worked from home, making curtains and loose covers for the local drapers.  Margery would sometimes go with her to collect the orders, helping her load the bundles of material into the back of the old family Ford Capri.  Even when she was quite small she liked to touch the fabric and hold it up to the light to study the colours in the weave.  At times her mother would scold her, worried that she would make the material dirty but mostly she smiled indulgently.  Her mother made all their clothes and had a talent for recycling anything they had grown out of or discarded.  As Margery’s father was out of work more often than not, this talent was the only thing that kept the family respectably dressed.  At first Margery copied her mother by making clothes for her dolls, she would sit at the end of the table where her mother worked, watching her carefully and trying to emulate what she did.  Her mother began to teach her how to hem and back stitch and sew on tiny buttons, she cut out squares of old material so that Margery could make skirts and coats for her dolls and she always saved any scraps for her to practise.  This was Margery’s favourite pastime as a child, rummaging through the “rag bag” as her mother called it, pulling out strips of pink satin, the remnants of an old nightdress or a piece of heather coloured tweed that once had been the pocket of an old skirt, sometimes she would question her mother on the origins of a particular scrap and her mother would take the material in her hand and smile, remembering who had worn it and when.  
As Margery grew older she progressed to sewing things for herself, she commandeered her mother’s machine to put flares in her old jeans, she cut the hems off her dresses to make mini-skirts, she took her Dad’s old overcoat and reshaped it for herself.  A dress she had created to go to the disco one night would be unpicked and remodelled for the following week.   She was the envy of all her friends.  So when she had taken her A Levels it seemed a logical step to apply for a place at the Chelsea College of Art and Design and train to be a fashion designer.  Her mother was delighted with her decision.  She knew that this was what Margery should do with her life.  
Margery fitted in straight away.  She was a good student, imaginative and adept, she could hand stitch so finely that it was almost invisible, her French seams were flawless and her skill at pattern making was rewarded with top marks.  When she was not attending classes she continued working on her own designs, filling notebook after notebook with her sketches.  But like many of her friends she never had enough money, so, in order to eke out her paltry student grant, she began to make leather jewellery.  She bought off-cuts in the market and fashioned them into bracelets and chokers which she and her friend Pam sold each weekend in the Portobello Road market.  The jewellery was very popular and by the time she graduated, three years later, she had built up a reasonable clientele and had begun to make and sell long leather skirts and matching waistcoats as well.  That’s how it began.  She combed the flea markets for bargain pieces of leather, strips of vintage lace, ostrich feathers, useful items of discarded clothing, she tracked down a supplier of good quality leather in a tiny shop near Smithfield’s, she visited the markets looking for suppliers to bag makers, saddlers and shoemakers, she bought zips by the bundle, needles by the gross and bags of assorted buckles. Very soon she had a number of boutiques wanting to buy her garments and decided it was time to get herself an agent so that she could devote herself to the cutting and sewing.  That was when she met Jenny.
Jenny was a young woman, no older than herself, who was a Londoner through and through.  For someone so young, Jenny had a wide range of contacts, she introduced Margery to market stall holders, pop stars, musicians, actors, she knew who was opening a new boutique, who needed something special for that all important presentation, who had been invited to the opening of an exhibition.  She had her finger on the pulse of who was who, what they were doing and more importantly, what they wanted to wear.  Margery soon found she could not do without her. She produced two or three high quality leather garments a week, began to find herself in high demand and moved from her trendy Earl’s Court bed-sit to a small flat in West Ealing with a garage that she could use as a studio.  That was where she was living when she met Harry.

Just as he had promised he was on her doorstep at seven o’clock, ringing her bell with all the enthusiasm of a teenager and waking up the rest of the building into the bargain.  In the end, despite what she had told him, she had not been particularly busy that week and had finished all the outstanding orders by Thursday evening.  She had spent Friday getting her hair done and selecting which clothes to take with her.  She wanted to look casual but sexy, choosing her clothes with such care that they looked as though no particular thought had been given to them.  She was not going to give him the idea that she wanted to impress him but at the same time something inside her wanted to make an impact.  The look on his face when she opened the door told her that that was exactly what she had done.
‘Wow.  You look great.  How can you look so good at this time of the morning?’ he gasped.  ‘I can barely put one foot before the other.’
He wore jeans and a leather jacket, his hair was uncombed and he looked as though he had just woken up.
‘Do you want a coffee or something?’ she asked.
For a moment she thought he was tempted to come in but instead he said:
‘No, we’d better get on the road, the others will be there before me as it is.’
She handed him her overnight bag and locked the door behind her, she did not tell him she had been awake since five.

He had booked two single rooms in the Regency Hotel on the outskirts of the city.  There were just the two of them, the rest of his crew had preferred to drive home to their own beds even though it was four in the morning by the time they had finished.
‘Will they let us in at this time?’ she asked, nervous that the concierge would make a scene.
‘Of course, it’s all been arranged.’
He looked at her closely.
‘You’re OK with this?’
She nodded.
‘Of course.’
He put his arm around her and pulled her towards him.
‘You are so lovely,’ he murmured.
The heavy glass doors swung open and they stepped into an ornate marble and oak reception area, a series of heavily shaded lights cast a dim light around the room.  It was not what she had been expecting, it seemed too elaborate and expensive.  She had been hoping for something more intimate and discrete and definitely more relaxed.   She hoped he was not trying to impress her.
‘Mr and Mrs Wilkinson?’ a bleary-eyed receptionist asked.
Harry looked at Margery and winked.
‘No actually, I’m Mr Wilkinson but this is Miss Kane.  We have two single rooms booked.’
‘Oh yes, my apologies, rooms 201 and 202.’
She pushed a piece of paper across the desk for him to sign.
‘Breakfast is from seven ’til eleven,’ she informed them.
Margery picked up her key and looked at Harry.
‘Let me help you up with your bag,’ he said following her to the lift.
She began to feel nervous and her stomach was churning.  They stood side by side in the lift, unable to look at each other, unable to speak, she desperately wanted to break the silence but she did not know what to say.  Something was about to happen and she did not want to spoil it with unnecessary words.  She had not felt so nervous since she was a girl on her first date.  What had happened to the sophisticated fashion designer?  Who was this tongue-tied woman, frightened to look at the man standing beside her in the lift?  The tension was becoming electric and when Harry at last spoke she almost laughed with relief.
‘I know it’s late but I’m not very tired.  What about you?’ he asked.
‘No, not at all.’
‘Shall we have a night-cap then?’
‘Yes, we can raid the mini-bar or ring for room service.’
‘Let’s check out the mini-bar first.  Your room or mine?’ he asked.
Without a moment’s hesitation she replied:
‘Yours.’
If things got out of hand or she changed her mind it would be easier for her to get up and leave than try to eject him from her room.
His exploration of the mini-bar offered up a small bottle of champagne, three bottles of beer, a range of miniature whiskeys and a packet of peanuts. 
‘What’ll it be?’
‘Whisky.’
‘Good choice, I’ll join you.’
They sat in satin covered armchairs drinking whisky and talking about anything and everything until the sun rose then she curled up on his bed and fell asleep.
When she woke he was still sitting there, looking down at her.  He smiled when he saw she was awake.
‘You are so beautiful when you’re asleep,’ he said and bent over and kissed her.
She was glad it had happened like that, slowly, sensuously with all the morning before them and not a hurried grope between two tired bodies, propped up with whisky, which is undoubtedly what would have happened if she had not fallen asleep.  Had he been waiting all this time for her to wake up?  For a moment she felt like Sleeping Beauty and smiled up at him.
‘What is it?’
‘Nothing.  I’m just happy.’
He kissed her again.
‘I’d better get back to my room and get ready,’ she said.
‘I’ll see you down at breakfast.’
He stroked her face gently, removing a stray curl of hair from her forehead.
‘Don’t be long,’ he whispered.

It was almost three months later when he told her that he was married.  They were having breakfast in the B and B in Norwich, where they were had spent the night.  
‘More coffee?’ she asked him.
‘Yes, please.’
He hesitated then looked straight at her, his eyes seemed bluer than ever in the bright morning light.
‘Margery, I’ve got something to tell you.’
She felt her stomach turn over, the tone of his voice was ominous.  Was he going to end it?
‘Why so serious?’ she asked, smiling bravely.
‘Margery, I’m married,’ he suddenly blurted out.  ‘Look, I meant to tell you before, but well, the time never seemed quite right.’
She felt a chill creep over her body.  What was he saying?  He was married.  She could not believe it, he had been lying to her.  A wave of nausea swept over her, she thought she was going to be sick and pressed her napkin to her lips.
‘Are you alright?’ he asked.
‘What do you think?’
Now she was angry with him.  She was not this kind of woman, if she had known he was married she would have walked away right at the start.
He reached across to take her hand but she snatched it away. 
‘Margery, I love you, you know that.  I’ll get a divorce and we can get married.’
‘What about your wife, do you love her too?’
‘No, of course not, I love you.  My marriage is over, it has been for some time.  I’ve only been staying there for the sake of the kids.’
Children, he had children as well, a wife and children. 
‘I don’t believe you,’ she said.  ‘You don’t love me.  If you loved me then you wouldn’t have deceived me, you wouldn’t have lied to me.’
‘Don’t say that, I do love you.  I’ve never felt this way about anyone before, I promise you.’
He looked distraught.
‘Does your wife know about us?’
He shook his head.
‘Do you still sleep with her?’ she asked.
The enormity of what he had told her was beginning to seep in, with all its intimate details and unanswered questions.
‘No, we haven’t had a proper sex-life for years, not since Tom was born,’ he replied, his eyes pleading for her understanding.
‘This changes everything, you know’ she said.  ‘You’ve got a wife and family, they’re your responsibility.’
‘Don’t do this Margery, please,’ he was begging her now.
‘But how can we go back to how we were when you have another life?’
‘You’re my life now, Margery.  It’s you I want.’
‘But I don’t want to be the other woman, only seeing you when you can fit me in, sneaking around in case anyone sees us together, I don’t want that.’
‘It won’t be like that.  I’m going to get a divorce, I’ve been thinking about it for ages.  It’s just the kids ...’
‘I’m not going to be the one to break up your family, I couldn’t live with that.’
‘You wouldn’t be the one to break it up, my marriage was over long before I met you.’
She could not find the words to reply, she just wanted to wake up from this nightmare.
‘Don’t you love me, Margery?’ he asked, dropping his voice to a whisper.
She looked at him, naked pain was written all over his face.  She nodded her head.
‘Please say something Margery.’  
‘What do you want me to say?’
‘Anything.  Tell me you don’t hate me, for a start.’
‘Why would I hate you?  I hardly know you.’
She could see that her words stung him and was pleased to think that he could be hurt too.
‘I had to tell you, Margery.  I’m in love with you and I don’t want there to be any secrets between us, I had to tell you.  You understand that, don’t you?’
‘So where does your wife think you are today?’ she asked, barely keeping the bitterness from her voice.
‘She knows I’m in Norwich, she used to my trips away.’
He looked at her, his face solemn, his blue eyes, open and beseeching.
She poured out some more tea.
‘I need a life for myself,’ he continued.  ‘I need someone to love, I need you, Margery.  I can’t continue living this lie.’
‘But your children?’
‘When they’re older they’ll understand.’
‘Harry I don’t want to get involved with a married man, I’ve seen it happen to too many of my friends and they have always been the ones to get hurt.  It’s not going to happen to me.’
‘Darling, I’d never hurt you, I promise.  Just give me a chance.’
She spread the butter on her toast, but with no intention of eating it.
‘Let’s just see how it goes, shall we?’ she said, pushing her plate away from her.
She was no longer hungry.
He reached across the table and took her hand.
‘That’s all I ask, that we give it a chance.’

CHAPTER 3

Wimbledon was due to start next week and the weather seemed set for the usual rain and thunder storms.  They had promised a dry summer, but there had been no sign of it so far.  Barbara could hear Tom and Sylvia arguing down in the kitchen.  She groaned quietly and rolled over, the bed felt empty without him.  How she wished he did not have to work at weekends. It had been years now since Harry had spent a Sunday at home, even when he was working locally, he was up early and out before anyone else was awake.  She looked at the photo she had of him by the bed, what a handsome man he was.  And still is, she reminded herself.  She felt a rush of affection for him.  They had met at school when they were both in the Sixth Form, he was captain of the school cricket team and probably the handsomest and most popular boy in the school.  All her friends had been in love with him and so had she.  At first she had been very much in awe of him, tongued tied and shy whenever she passed him in the corridor or sat in the same classroom.  Then she had joined the 6th Form Photography Club and found that they had something they could both talk about with ease.  A friendship soon began to develop between them and then, about halfway through the school year, one wonderful evening while walking her home from the club, he asked her if she would go out with him.  She had loved him ever since.  
‘Mum, Sylvia won’t let me have any yoghurt.’
Her irate son was standing at the bottom of the bed, still wearing his Superman pyjamas and brandishing a teaspoon in one hand and a pot of yogurt in the other.
‘He’s eaten two already Mum,’ his sister informed her. 
‘Little piggy,’ she added, trying to wrest the yogurt from his hand.
‘I’m hungry,’ he shouted.
‘Piggy,’ the girl repeated.
‘I’m not.  You’re a piggy.  Miss Piggy.  Miss Piggy.’
‘That’s enough.  Tom take that yogurt back downstairs.  You can wait until I get up then we’ll all have breakfast together.’
‘But Mum he’s already eaten the strawberry yogurt.  I wanted that,’ wailed the older child.
‘Well if he’s eaten it there’s not a lot you can do about it, is there.  I’ll buy some more tomorrow.’
The boy stuck his tongue out at his sister.
‘And that’s enough of that Tom.  Go and get dressed the pair of you.  Remember we’re going to lunch with Uncle Teddy today.’
Harry’s elder brother Edward, or Teddy as everyone called him, lived in Nottingham.  It was a bit of a trek to go for lunch, Harry said, but she wanted to go and Harry had promised to get away early and join them there.  She was very fond of Teddy and he rarely came to visit them these days because he was so busy.
She looked at the bedside clock, it was almost nine o’clock.  She flung back the covers and sat up.
‘I suppose I might as well get up,’ she said to nobody in particular and went to the window and opened the curtains.
Her bedroom window looked out over the River Thames, she could see a pair of swans gliding past, oblivious of the fine rain that was sheeting down on them.  She loved it here and never tired of this view. It was a beautiful house, everything she had ever wanted.  It was not grand but fairly spacious and comfortable.  They had bought it not long after they were married, before there was road access to it and in those days they parked their car on the opposite bank and crossed over in a small row-boat.  She sighed as she remembered it.  They had spent years stripping woodwork, plastering, painting, laying paths, digging out flower beds and she had loved every minute of it.  When at long last she had found herself pregnant she had instantly given up her job at the local library and devoted herself to being a full time wife and mother.  It was what she was born for, her career-minded friends affectionately referred to her as an “earth-mother” and she did not contradict them.  She liked to make jam and grow her own vegetables, she enjoyed cooking and baking, she was always there when her children came home from school to help with homework or ferry them to football matches, ballet classes, gymnastics, chess tournaments, whatever activity they had arranged.  She was not bitter when she explained to her friends that because Harry’s work kept him away from home so much one of them had to be there for the children, she saw this as her role in their marriage.  That was why she was about to drive two hundred miles so that the children could spend some time with their only uncle.
Her own childhood had been that of an only child, she had no brothers and sisters.  For the first fifteen years of her life she had been happy, never having had any siblings she did not miss them.  Then her mother died and her father, after a year of trying to cope alone, had remarried.  That was when things changed for Barbara.  Her step-mother was a cold woman, unused to children and teenagers in particular.  She found it difficult to cope with the pubescent Barbara, who felt betrayed by her father and deserted by her mother.  Until Barbara met Harry she had had nobody to turn to, he became her brother, her friend, later her lover, and finally her husband.  He was the corner-stone of her life, she told herself.
‘Mum, what shall I wear?’ Sylvia said, opening the bedroom door.
‘What about that nice green dress that Daddy bought you when he was in Edinburgh?  You look lovely in that.’
‘This one?’
The child held the dress up in front of her, it was same shade as her eyes and complemented perfectly the mop of red curls that struggled to escape the restraints of two large hairclips.
‘Yes, that will be fine.’
‘What about Tom?  He’s just sitting playing with his soldiers.’
‘Don’t worry Darling, I’ll see to him.’
She went to her son’s room.  He was sitting on the floor, oblivious to everything but the two Action men he held in his hands.  Tom was only five but he was tall for his age, his dark hair was cut neatly around his ears and curled down over the collar of his pyjamas.
‘Tom,’ she said rather sharply.
He turned and looked up at her with pale blue eyes.
‘Time to get dressed.  We’re going to see Uncle Teddy,’ she reminded him.
‘Is it far?’ he asked, but still not moving.
‘Yes, you know it is.  Now get a move on.’
‘Further than going to school?’
‘Yes.’
She took a clean T-shirt out of the chest-of-drawers.
‘Further than London?’
‘Yes.  Have you washed?’
‘I had a bath last night,’ he reminded her.
She placed his clean underwear and some shorts on the bed.
‘Is it further than the moon?’
‘Put those soldiers down for now.’
‘They’re not soldiers, they’re Action men.’
‘They look like soldiers to me,’ she said as she started to dress him.
‘They’re in disguise, they’re really spies.’
‘Lift up your arms.’
‘No, I can do it myself.’
‘Well if you can do it, then get on with it.  But I’m warning you, if you’re not downstairs in five minutes there’ll be no Frosties for you.’
‘Is it Mum?  Is it further than the moon.’
‘No, of course it’s not.  Now hurry up.’
She went back to her own room and turned on the shower.  It was like this every morning, unless she got Tom moving first he was never ready on time.  Except when Harry was home, then it was different, her son was always the first out of bed.  He would bounce into their room at some ridiculous hour, pull at his sleeping father and demand that he play football with him before breakfast.
She had just stepped out of the shower when the telephone rang, it was Harry.
‘Morning Darling.’
‘Harry, what a nice surprise.’
‘I can’t talk for long, the chaps are waiting.  I just wanted to tell you that I won’t be able to make it to Teddy’s for lunch after all.’
‘Oh Harry.’
It was hard to keep the disappointment out of her voice.
‘One of the guys is off sick, so I’ve got to stick around and help clear up.  I don’t think we’ll be finished before four at the earliest, I’ll see you at home.’
‘Teddy will be disappointed,’ she said.
This would have been their first Sunday lunch together as a family for months.
‘I know, sweetheart, I’m sorry.  Give him my love and tell the kids I’ll make it up to them.’
‘Alright, see you at home then. Bye.’
‘Love you.’
‘Love you too.’
She heard the telephone click and he was gone. 
By the time she got down to the kitchen both her children were sitting at the table in front of a collection of open cereal boxes.
‘I told him not to open them all,’ Sylvia declared.
‘I was looking for the one with the toy animal in it,’ he protested.
‘Tom, you know you’re not supposed to open a new box until the old one is finished,’ she said, taking up the freshly opened packets and re-securing them tightly.  ‘It makes the cereal go soft.’
‘I told him Mummy,’ Sylvia said triumphantly.
Tom said nothing but jiggled the plastic animals along the side of his bowl.
‘I couldn’t find any clean socks,’ her daughter continued.
Sylvia was two years older than her brother and growing up quickly.  
‘Look in the airing cupboard, I’m sure there’re some in there.’
She switched on the kettle, popped a tea-bag into a cup and sat down to wait for what was always to her, the best cup of tea of the day.
‘Why isn’t Daddy coming with us?’ Tom asked.
‘He’s working.’
‘But why?  Jimmy’s dad doesn’t work on Sundays.  He’s taking them to the beach today,’ he told them.
‘That’s because Jimmy’s dad has a different job.  Your Daddy has to work every weekend, that’s when he is busiest.  But Jimmy’s dad isn’t home on Mondays, is he?’
‘No.’
‘Daddy said he’d meet us at Uncle Teddy’s,’ Sylvia reminded them.  ‘He promised.’
‘He can’t now, he has to work.’
‘Will he be home tonight?’
‘Yes, of course.’
‘Will he bring us a present?’ asked Tom.
‘I don’t expect so, you can’t have presents every time your father goes away.  I don’t suppose Jimmy’s dad brings him a present every time he comes home from work, does he?’ Barbara replied.
‘Sometimes Daddy brings us presents,’ said Sylvia.
‘And that makes you very lucky children.  Now get on with your breakfast and no more talk about presents.’
The boy ate some of his Frosties.
‘Will Dad come and pick me up from school tomorrow?’
‘I expect so.’
‘Then we can go to the park and play football?’
‘If it’s not raining.  Stop playing with your food and eat,’ she told him.
‘Will Alan be at Uncle Teddy’s?’
‘I expect so.’
She sipped her tea, it began to revive her and at last felt she could cope with the drive to Nottingham.
‘Is Alan Uncle Teddy’s friend?’
‘Alan is his student.’
She did not want to go down the road of Alan and Teddy’s relationship with her son.
‘But why does he live with his teacher?  I don’t live with my teacher.’
‘He’s Uncle Teddy’s lodger,’ she explained and before he could ask, continued: ‘A lodger is someone who lives in your house and pays you rent.’
She could see Tom thinking about this as he shovelled the last of his breakfast in his mouth.
‘So we could have a lodger in our house?’
‘In theory, but we don’t have any spare rooms, do we?’
‘I could move into Sylvia’s room then the lodger could have my room and then we’d get lots of money and you could buy me a Game Boy,’ he said, delighted to have found the solution to something that had been worrying him.
Barbara laughed.
‘I don’t think Daddy would like it if he came home to find a lodger in your bedroom, do you?’
‘I’m ready, Mum,’ said Sylvia.
‘Good girl, let’s just clear away the dishes and then we’ll be off.  Tom run upstairs and go to the toilet before we leave.’
‘But ..’
‘Now.’

The smell of meat roasting greeted them as they walked up the steps to the old Victorian house where Teddy lived.  It was one of a row of imposing Victorian terraced houses that lined Oldfield Hill.  Each had a patch of front garden, most of which, like Teddy’s, was bereft of greenery and merely used as either access to the basement or as a storage area for bicycles, dustbins and anything else the occupants did not want to lug up the steep steps.  Teddy’s house was situated halfway up the hill, which was part of one of the main thoroughfares into the city.  Once it had been a grand street, the homes of wealthy Nottingham families.  Now all that was left of that grandeur were the plane trees that lined it and the red-brick houses themselves which, no matter what condition they were like inside, still retained their original elegance.
Barbara rang the brass bell that was set into the brickwork; through the stained glass that decorated the upper part of the door, she could see someone approaching.
‘There you are.  Right on time as always,’ said Teddy opening the door and welcoming them in.  ‘Where’s Harry?’
‘He couldn’t get away.’
‘That’s a shame.  Still it means I’ve got you all to myself now.’
He laughed and gave Barbara a peck on the cheek then bent down and hugged his niece and nephew.
‘Alright kids?’
‘Hi Uncle Teddy.  Is Alan here?’ Tom asked.
He clutched a football to his chest.
‘He is, Tom.  But he won’t be playing football today, he’s hurt his leg.’
The smile disappeared from Tom’s face instantly.
‘But you can kick the ball around the yard and I’ll watch,’ a cheerful voice said.
A young man came limping out of the kitchen to greet them.
‘Hi Alan.’
‘Should you be walking around on that?’ Teddy asked his friend.  ‘I thought the doctor said to keep your weight off it for at least a week.’
‘OK, don’t nag, I’ll go and sit down in a minute.’
‘So how are you young lady?’ Teddy asked, turning his attention to Sylvia.
‘I’m very well, Uncle Teddy.’
‘And how are the ballet lessons?’
‘Brilliant.  We’re going to learn how to do a pirouette next week.’
She beamed at him and twirled around on the spot.
‘It’s stupid,’ Tom interrupted.  ‘All she ever does is wander about the house pretending she’s a ballerina.  She can’t even do the splits.’
‘I can.’
‘Can’t.’
‘Mummy, tell him I can do the splits.’
‘If you two don’t behave we’re getting right back in the car and going home.  I haven’t driven all this way to listen to you quarrelling.’
‘Why don’t you come with me,’ suggested Alan.  ‘You can write something on my plaster.’
‘Yeah.’
Even Sylvia seemed interested in examining Alan’s plaster so they followed him into the sitting room.
‘He’s a nice guy, Alan,’ Barbara said.
Teddy smiled.
‘I think so.’
‘Something smells good,’ she said, nodding in the direction of the kitchen.
‘Roast beef and Yorkshire puddings.’
‘Tom’s favourite.  Can I help with anything?’
‘Yes, you can set the table for me, but first let me get you a drink.’
‘A glass of wine?’
‘I know, cold and dry.’
She smiled, the strain of driving up the M1 was gradually evaporating under the relaxing influence of Teddy’s company.  He was more than just a brother-in-law to her, he was a good friend and confidante.  Five years older than Harry, he had his brother’s pale blue eyes and aquiline nose, but there the resemblance stopped.  He was tall, but more heavily built than Harry and his face was squarer, more pugnacious.  He too had thick hair, but it was browner and he preferred to wear it very short, cropped almost, he always said that he took after their father and Harry was more like their mother.  Beauty and the beast, Harry was the beauty and he was the beast.
‘So where is he today?’
‘Harry?’
‘Who else.’
‘He’s in Leeds, that’s why he suggested meeting us here.  It’s not far out of his way.’
‘So why the change in plans?’
‘One of his guys is off sick, he has to stay and dismantle the equipment.  He rang early this morning.’
‘That’s a pity, we haven’t seen each other for ages.’
‘You should come down one weekend, bring Alan.’
‘Maybe when term ends.’
‘Yes, do that Teddy, it’d be nice.’
‘OK, I’ll ring you with the dates and you can see if we can arrange to coincide when that roaming brother of mine is actually at home.’
She took the place mats out of a drawer and set them out on the dining room table, she knew this house almost as well as her own.  When Teddy had bought it he had asked her for help with the decorations, it had been a task that she loved.  Her first instruction had been for him to employ someone to sand down all the old oak floor boards and seal them, once that had been done she drove up to stay with him.  It was before she was pregnant with Sylvia, she had spent a week there on her own and then Harry had come up to join them.   As she moved around the dining room, sorting through the cutlery and selecting which glasses to put out she was reminded of those two weeks, together she and Teddy had measured the windows and selected the material for the curtains, they had sat poring over paint charts and drinking cheap white wine while they argued over which colours to choose.  It was she who had persuaded him to get the stained glass panels in the hall window repaired and have the original oak banister re-varnished, together they restored the dilapidated Victorian house to something of its previous glory.  She felt a sense of pride as she looked at the plaster cornices and ceiling roses, still intact and as fresh as the day they were carved. 
‘You’ve bought a new rug,’ she said as Teddy came in carrying two glasses of wine.
‘Yes, I saw it in a sale at Norton’s last month and I just couldn’t resist it.’
‘It’s lovely.’
Her brother-in-law perched on a chair and sipped his wine.
‘So, how are things at home these days?’
‘Great, couldn’t be better.  Tom has settled down really well at school, he’s made lots of friends.’
She laughed.
‘It’s chaos sometimes when he invites them for tea.  Can you imagine it?  Tom is bad enough on his own but when his friends are there it’s bedlam.’
‘Harry still working long hours?’
‘No, not really, well not as bad as before.  His business has been going really well lately.  He’s got five men working for him now so he can leave a lot of things to them, he’s able to step back a bit from the hands-on stuff and devote himself to the creative aspects of the work.’
‘Which is what he likes.’
‘Exactly.  Of course he’s the one who has to find the clients in the first place but he quite enjoys that part of it as well.’
‘Good, so you’re seeing more of each other?’
‘Yes, it’s wonderful.  He always manages to have a couple of days off in the week and now that the kids are at school we go out somewhere, have a nice pub lunch or take the dog for a long walk by the river.  It’s lovely having him all to myself for a bit.’
‘Sounds romantic.’
She smiled.
‘Yes, it is in a way, it’s like when we were younger, only now we’ve got more money.’
‘Ah, money does make a difference,’ Teddy agreed.
‘We’re not rich,’ she said, ‘but it’s nice to be no longer wondering if there’s enough money to buy new shoes for the kids.’
A high pitched beep from the kitchen alerted Teddy to the fact that the Yorkshire puddings were ready.
‘Two minutes,’ he said.
‘OK, I’ll rustle up the others and get them to the table.’
She found Tom and Sylvia seated on the floor, one either side of Alan’s leg, intent on covering every square centimetre of his once pristine plaster with their designs.
‘Your children are very artistic,’ Alan said, with a laugh.
‘Oh my God, what have they done?’
‘It’s a landscape,’ Sylvia said.
Her side of the plaster was covered in trees, flowers and something that Barbara thought must be a rabbit by the size of its ears.   
‘And what’s that?’ she asked her son.
‘It’s a dinosaur,’ he said, not looking up.
‘Don’t you mind?’ she asked the smiling Alan.
‘Not at all, it’s much more fun than a boring white plaster.’
‘I’m sorry but you’re going to have to stop now, lunch is ready.’
‘Oh, just another minute,’ pleaded Tom.
‘No, now.  And go and wash your hands first,’ Barbara said.
Alan stretched his legs.
‘Sorry kids, we mustn’t keep Teddy waiting or he’ll shout at us,’ he said.
Tom giggled.
‘No, he won’t, Uncle Teddy never shouts at anyone.’
‘Today might be a first, my lad,’ a deep voice called from the kitchen.

MARCH 1990

CHAPTER 4: FOR BETTER FOR WORSE

It had been his idea to bring her to the village, he had wanted to show her where he had been born and where his grandparents had lived.  It was a dreadful day, the rain had not stopped since early morning.  It fell steadily on the grey slate roofs, filling up the drainpipes and emptying out into the street, it trickled down the window panes, shut tight, closed to the outside world, it gathered on the sills and dripped into the cottage gardens, soaking the rows of dahlias and roses, it blew up the hill, past the village shop, with its red Victorian post box set deep into the wall, it lashed at a last minute shopper, flattening her hair into wet, lank streaks, pulling at her raincoat and running down her wet stockings onto her sodden shoes.  It dripped down the glowing Virginia Creeper that screened Spring Cottage, where Harry had once lived, making its way leaf by ruddy leaf until it disappeared into the dark earth, newly turned and weeded.  The doors to the Yew Tree pub were closed, but the rain battered against its porch, running down the flints embedded deep in the old walls.  The rain drenched the splendid yew that guarded the entrance, spiralling its way round the contoured branches then down the flagstone path until it passed through the wicket gate and reached the gutter, it ran to the bottom of the hill where it bubbled and gurgled, escaping through the leaf clogged drains or accumulating in ever widening puddles across the intersection of the two roads.  It fell on the grave stones in the church yard, it ran down the gables and washed the stained glass windows clean, it revived the wilting flowers in their plastic holders and seeped into the holy ground.  It rained on the church of St. John the Evangelist and the graves of Harry’s family. 
Margery opened the car window slightly to let in some air, a gust blew the rain onto her face, it was cool and fresh and smelled of wet fields and damp woods.
‘Put the window up Margery,’ he instructed her.  ‘You’ll get wet.’
‘But I can’t see,’ she complained, a hint of petulance in her tone.
He turned up the air-conditioning and a hot blast of air hit the windscreen, clearing the fog.
‘OK now?’
‘I suppose so.  Can we get out?’
He did not reply, she could sense his reluctance.  An edgy silence had descended on the car since they arrived in the village.  
‘Well?’
‘Not a lot of point, Darling, not with all this rain.  We’ll just drive through and go down into Hambleden and see if we can get some lunch.  Just thought you’d like to see the old place as I’m always talking about it.’
She wiped the window with the back of her hand.  He was driving quickly through the village; a scarcely audible sigh broke from his lips as he turned the bend and began the descent into Hambleden.  She knew what it was, he was frightened some distant friend or long forgotten neighbour would recognise him.  After a while she felt him relax and the atmosphere lighten.   She turned to him and smiled.
‘What are we going to do Harry?  We can’t go on like this forever.’
‘I know.  I’ll speak to her soon.  I just need some time.  It’s not easy.’
‘I understand that, but it’s not easy for me either.’ 

They pulled into the car park of the White Horse and Margery got out, dashing for cover while Harry parked the car.  The pub was empty except for an old man who, by the proprietary way he sat at the corner of the bar with a half empty glass of Guinness and an open newspaper, seemed to be a regular.  She chose a table as far from the bar as possible and sat down to wait for Harry.  She loved Harry, there was no denying it, but she was beginning to doubt that she was doing the right thing.  She had friends who had fallen in love with married men and, seduced by their promises, had wasted too many years of their lives before realising that nothing was ever going to change, she was not going to let it happen to her.
‘What will you have?’
Harry stood before her, water running off the umbrella that he was trying, unsuccessfully, to close.
‘If we’re going to eat, I’ll have a glass of Soave.’
‘If they’ve got it.  We’re in the country here, you know.  I’ll get a menu then.’
The old man at the bar was talking to the barman:
‘The water’s up.  I was down by the lock this morning and old Joe was saying it’s the highest it’s been this year.’
‘Not surprising, what with all this rain.’
‘Floods in the west country,’ he continued, brandishing the paper at his companion.  ‘Says the River Stour has over-topped its banks again due to the high tides.  It’ll be doing the same here soon if they don’t do something about it.’
‘All this global warming, I expect,’ the barman replied, his attention firmly on the pint of Theakestone’s bitter he was pulling for Harry.
He handed him the menu.
‘You’re a bit early for food, it’ll be about twenty minutes before the kitchen opens.’
‘That’s fine.’
He took the drinks to the table and sat down next to Margery.
‘Looks like they do a nice lasagne.’
‘I’m not really hungry.  Harry, we need to talk.  I can’t go on like this, it’s affecting my work, I can’t sleep, I’m on edge all the time.  It’s no good, I have to know what’s happening.  I’m no good at waiting.  I told you I can’t stand uncertainty.’
‘OK Darling, calm down.’
He took her hand in his and stroked it gently, it was pale and slender, the skin silky, the nails filed to perfect ovals and painted a dark red.  
‘Of course we’ll talk.  I just don’t want you pinning me down.’
‘Pinning you down?  How can you say that?  It was you who said you were going to leave her, I never asked you to.  I was ready to walk away three years ago but you persuaded me to stay.  Now I want to know if you are going to do leave her or not.’
‘Of course I am.  Just give me time.’
‘How much time?  What are you waiting for?’
‘It’s Sylvia’s tenth birthday next week.  I can’t do anything before then.  We’re all going to the zoo to celebrate, you know, family outing.  How would she feel if I wasn’t there?’
Margery felt the frustration rising, she knew Harry loved his children but he also knew how guilty she felt about keeping him from them and played on that guilt.  Poor little souls, they were the innocent bystanders in this love triangle.
‘OK, so not next week.  When then?’
He did not answer, instead picked up the menu and studied it carefully as though what he said next depended on what he read amongst its pages.
‘Harry.’
‘Oh Margery, just leave it will you.  I’ll tell her.  I promise.  Now just let’s enjoy our brief time together.’
Margery sipped her wine.  It was cold but had a slightly oxidised taste as though it had been open a while.
‘But you will tell her, won’t you?’
‘I said I would, didn’t I.  Now let’s leave it.’
‘OK.  By the way where are you supposed to be today?’
‘Reading.  There’s a pop concert there next weekend and we need to suss the place out.’
‘So?’
‘I’ll go this evening.  It’s not a big job, but I told Barbara that it would take all day.  She’s taken the kids across to my mother’s for lunch.’
Margery knew the pattern by heart now, it had begun the week after the fashion show and continued for nearly three years.

When she woke the next morning the rain was still hammering on the roof.  She groaned and turned over, it was barely seven o’clock.  Five more minutes before she had to get up, she was meeting Jenny at nine and then they were going to see a new client, some up and coming actress that Jenny had met at a reception for the French ambassador.
She buried her head in the pillow, trying to blot out the memory of the previous afternoon.  The whole affair was beginning to feel sordid and she was angry for getting herself into this situation.  Their lunch had been pleasant enough, the wine and the food had mellowed them both.  Then Harry suggested they drive up into the woods and park.  There was nobody about, the rain had kept everyone indoors.  They made love in the back of his car.  It had been wonderful, as always she was completely caught up in the passion of his lovemaking, but now, sober and lying alone in her bed she felt the disappointment of it all, disappointment with his broken promises and disappointment with her own weakness.  She pushed the picture of the steamed up windows and the hurried fumbling and coupling to the back of her mind, ashamed that she could behave like that.
The alarm clock ringing broke through her thoughts and she leapt out of bed and headed for the shower.  

Margery looked at her friend, body inclined towards the steering wheel, her chin jutting forward, concentrating on the traffic ahead.  With her long, curved nose, her sleek, black hair and her dark, button brown eyes, she looked like a blackbird about to pounce on its prey.  In fact Jenny had always reminded her of a bird with her rather twittering manner of speaking and her rapid movements.  Jenny Wren she called her, but not to her face.  
‘So who exactly is this actress we’re going to see?’
‘Melissa Stanford.  She’s been in a few TV things, a bit part in “The Professionals”, played the wife of the victim in an episode of “Minder” and now she has landed a part in “Heaven is Made for Two”.’
‘Sounds awful.’
‘No, she’s actually very nice.’
‘I meant the film.’
‘Anyway she saw someone wearing one of your designs when she was at a party of Elton John’s last month and liked it.  She needs something special for the premiere of this new film.’
‘But she knows I work mainly in leather?’
‘Yes.  She wants something different.  I think she’s talking about white leather and lots of sequins.’
‘Oh we can do sequins.  No problem.’
‘Did you bring some ideas with you?’
Margery tapped her head.
‘All in here.’
‘Is that all?’ Jenny asked, horrified.
‘Of course not.  I’ve got loads of sketches to show her and some swatches of leather.  Don’t worry.  You just do the introduction and I’ll do the rest.’
‘Fine, I knew you’d be organised.’
‘When am I not?’
‘Well before you met Harry I would have said “never” but now I’m not so sure.  How is he by the way?’
‘Just the same.  Gorgeous.’
‘Any nearer to leaving his wife?’
‘Oh Jen, I don’t know.  He keeps saying he will speak to her but nothing happens.  It’s been three years now.  I don’t know if I can carry on like this.’
‘Well tell him his time is up.  Give him an ultimatum.  That’s what I would do.’
Margery looked across at Jenny.  Was that what she had done?  Given some man an ultimatum and he had left her?  She never spoke of any lovers or past boyfriends, it was a subject she shied away from whenever Margery tried to question her.  What if she did give Harry an ultimatum and lost him?  Then surely that would only mean that he had never intended to leave his wife in the first place.  But could she take the chance?  Just the thought of returning to a life without Harry made her stomach contract with fear.
‘Here we are.  It’s a bit of a walk to her apartment, I’m afraid, but this is the nearest parking,’ Jenny explained, pulling up beside a meter and skilfully manoeuvring the car into a space.

Melissa was a very pleasant young woman, with her sights set firmly on stardom.  She listened carefully to all that Margery said, looking at the samples and the designs with interest.  Then she stood up, twirled around a couple of times and stopped, her hands resting on her slim hips.
‘OK Margery.  I’ll leave it up to you.  I want something that will make me stand out from the others, something that will get me on the front page of the newspapers but something with class.  Fashionable but classy, that’s the image I’m after.’
Margery swallowed hard, it was exciting to be given such freedom of design but she did not always like the responsibility that went with it.  She had been there before, designed a special creation for someone only to have them turn round and berate her for it.
‘Excellent idea.  Margery has so many exciting designs.  She will come up with just the outfit you are looking for,’ Jenny replied before she could say anything.  ‘But I suggest that she does some drawings first to give you an idea what she’s thinking of.’
‘OK, that sounds a good idea.’
‘Margery?’
‘Yes, that’s fine.  Let me take some measurements and I’d like a photograph or two if you don’t mind.’
She measured her bosom, her waist, the length of her arms, across her shoulders, the length of her back, the drop to the floor, then she took a couple of snaps of the actress.
‘This may sound a little strange but I wonder if I could look at some of your favourite clothes.’
‘I suppose so, but I don’t want anything like them.  I want something different, something special.’
‘Yes I know.  It’s just to give me a flavour of your taste.’
Margery knew that even if she said she wanted something different this young woman did not mean radical, she probably meant a variation on a theme.  Most people she knew kept more or less to the same styles despite the changes in fashion.  If she wanted this to be a success she had to understand her client’s taste and design something that flattered her.  The dress had to be stunning but it should never outshine the wearer.  She wanted people to say “You look wonderful” not “that’s a wonderful dress”.
She sat making a few notes in her pad while Jenny made arrangements for them to meet again in a couple of weeks.
‘I must have it by the beginning of May, the premiere is on the 21st,’ she 
informed them.
‘That’s no problem.  You’ll have it in plenty of time, I assure you.’
Measurements taken and pleasantries exchanged Margery and Jenny left and were soon sitting in a traffic jam heading west.
‘Drop me off at the nearest tube station would you Jen.  I want to see if Eddie has any white leather in stock.’
‘Sure.  What about the Elephant and Castle?’
‘A bit further in would be better.  Can you go past Waterloo?’
‘No problem.  Now what about tomorrow?  Do you want me to make an appointment to see Mrs Goldberg again?’
‘No, leave it until next week.  I need time to get this job started before I start thinking about her wedding outfit.’
It was not strictly true.  She neither needed to see Eddie Marr, nor was she averse to visiting her oldest and richest client but she did need some time to herself.  She had to clear her mind and the only way she could do this was to be on her own and weigh up the pros and cons of whatever was troubling her.  In this case it was Harry.  She had tried to give him an ultimatum but he kept sidestepping her.  There was always some excuse why he could not give her a straight answer.
‘Don’t forget you’ve got that red jacket to finish,’ Jenny reminded her.
‘I won’t, I’ll give you a call when it’s ready.’
‘OK then Marge, see you later in the week.’
Jenny dropped her off outside the underground station, where she waited for a moment until her friend had rejoined the traffic then set off towards the river.  She crossed Waterloo Bridge and began to stroll along the Victoria Embankment.  It was almost lunchtime and people were emerging from their offices to enjoy the weak, spring sunshine.  Margery walked slowly, stopping from time to time to stand and gaze across the river at the Festival Hall.  The terrace was filling up with people, mostly couples who sat at tables drinking café latte or sipping from large goblets of white wine.  She felt alone, not lonely but alone.  She needed someone in her life.  Until she had met Harry she had been too busy for a steady relationship, there had been a few dates but nothing serious.  She had been so focussed on building her career that her work had taken up all of her time.  Now she realised that it was not enough.  She wanted someone to share her life with.  She would be thirty-six in a few weeks and she was beginning to realise that if she wanted to have any children she had better think about it soon.   
She sat on a bench and began her mental checklist.  She would begin with the “cons”,the first and most important objection was that he was married, then there was the fact that he had two young children.  At this she stopped.  Why “young” children?  Would it make it better if they were older she wondered.  Probably not, they would be hurt by their father’s betrayal whatever age they were.  As far as she was concerned it was the children she felt guilty about, how could she contemplate having children of her own when she had deprived his children of their father?  It seemed so unfair on them.  
Then there were the financial considerations: it would be expensive to divorce his wife, Margery realised she did not know anything about the extent of Harry’s wealth.  She was not a mercenary woman but she was practical and she knew that lack of money could lead to acrimony.  Who did the house belong to?  Was the wife likely to be awarded the house because she had two children to care for?  The children again, naturally Harry would want access to his children.  That would mean their precious time together would be eaten into by paternal visits, trips to the zoo, football matches, children’s cinema.  Would she be included?  Would the children accept her?  Then there was the risk that Harry might not want to have any more children as he had two already.  Could she cope with that?
She began to feel depressed and turned to the “pros”, head and shoulders above everything else was the fact that she loved him and he loved her.  But was that a good enough reason for breaking up someone’s marriage a small voice inside her head asked? Well she argued, he and his wife had fallen out of love a long time ago so he would be getting out of a loveless marriage.  It cannot have been good for the children living in a home where their parents constantly argued and slept in separate rooms.  It would probably be good for everyone if he made a clean break.  
So what else was so special about Harry?  Well he made her laugh, he made her feel loved and when she was not with him she could not stop thinking about him.  All very selfish considerations but, as she reasoned, if she stopped being selfish then she would walk away right now.  She knew she could not do that but at the same time she could not share him, he was going to have to make up his mind.  Either he wanted her or he wanted his wife, he could not have both.
Her mobile began to hum.  It was Harry.
‘Hi sweetheart.  Where are you?’
At the sound of his voice she felt her resolve weaken and a wave of desire took hold of her so that when she spoke her voice trembled.
‘Working,’ she whispered.
‘Oh.  Look sorry to interrupt but I just wanted to hear your voice.  You seemed a bit down yesterday so I thought I’d check that everything was OK.’
‘Yes, it’s fine.’
‘Can I see you tonight?’
‘Tonight?  Don’t you have to be at home tonight?’
‘Yes but I can see you for a short while.  If you would like to, that is?’ he added, dropping his voice intimately.
This was the point to say no, to refuse, to make up some excuse about being busy.  But she wasn’t busy and right now the “pros” and “cons” of their relationship did not matter, she just wanted to be with him.  When she did not reply he continued:
‘I could come round to the flat, say about seven?’
‘Yes, I’d like that,’ she replied, throwing away her mental checklist because she knew that she was never going to give him up, no matter what.

CHAPTER 5

The children sat at the dining room table waiting for their grandmother to put their lunch in front of them.  The boy looked wistfully out at the garden where a pair of muddy football boots and an equally muddy ball lay abandoned.  He had the look of being recently washed and carefully dressed in spotless shorts which still sported the sharp crease his mother had pressed into them that morning, his white socks were neatly turned down and his shoes gleamed with fresh polish.  He wore a white tee-shirt with a Chelsea logo spread across the back.  His sister sat next to him. He pushed his hair out of his eyes and looked at her.
‘Did you wash your hands?’ she whispered.
‘Course I did,’ he replied, automatically tucking them under the table and removing them from view.
Sylvia was almost as bossy as his grandmother and they both seemed to get an extraordinary amount of delight from inspecting various parts of his body for cleanliness.
His mother came in and put a bowl of vegetables on the table.
‘Oh not cabbage,’ he groaned.
‘Tom, don’t start, please.’
He saw her look anxiously towards the kitchen door in case his grandmother had heard.  The door opened and a woman in her early sixties, wearing a floral wrap-around apron, came in carrying two plates of food.
‘Right children, your favourite today, roast chicken.’
Her face was flushed from the heat of the oven and damp strands of grey hair stuck to her forehead.  She placed the food on the table in front of them and returned to the kitchen for more.
‘Can I help?’ Barbara called after her.
‘No, just sit down and then we can start,’ came the tart reply.
The children waited as they had been taught to do until their grandmother was seated.  She muttered a few words of grace and then they began to eat.
‘Where’s Granddad?’ Sylvia asked.
‘Off to the football, where else.’
‘Where Gran?  West Ham?’ 
Tom’s interest always perked up at the mention of football.
‘I’m sure I wouldn’t know.  He never tells me where he’s going, sometimes it’s one club, sometimes another.’
She turned to Barbara:
‘He’s still convinced he’s going to find another Bobby Charlton.’
‘Who’s Bobby Charlton?’ Tom asked.
‘He used to be a famous footballer,’ his mother explained.  ‘Granddad is a football scout, he goes out looking for new players, young boys with talent.’
‘Is that why he’s never here when we come on a Sunday?’
‘Yes, Darling.  Now be a good boy and eat up your cabbage.’
‘So where is Harry today?  Couldn’t find time to come to lunch with his mother?’
‘He’s working in Reading, he’ll be back tonight.’
‘Hmmn.  Never seems to have time for his family these days.’
‘That’s his job, he always works weekends, and anyway he’s been rather busy lately.’
‘He hasn’t been to see me since Christmas and I don’t know when he last telephoned.  You’d think he could find the time to pick up the telephone and ring his mother wouldn’t you.  It’s a good job I’ve got Teddy.  I don’t know what I’d do without Teddy.  He’s such a considerate boy.’
Barbara chewed a piece of meat and swallowed before asking:
‘Have you heard from Teddy lately?  Is he enjoying his new job?’
‘Oh yes.  He’s doing very well.  He’s Doctor Wilkinson now you know, PhD.  He’s doing extremely well.’
Barbara already knew about his doctorate as Phoebe had been straight on the telephone to tell everyone the minute she had heard.
‘He’s still in that rambling old house near the university.  I’ve told him it’s far too big for him but he won’t listen.  He’s got a lodger, you know.  Sounds a nice young man, works in the chemistry laboratory.  He probably sees my Teddy as a sort of mentor figure.’
‘Oh you must mean Alan?’
Barbara knew instantly that she had said the wrong thing.
‘Alan. Yes that’s his name.  How do you know him?’
‘Oh it’s just that Teddy and he popped in one day to see us.  They were on their way somewhere and we were on route I guess.’
She did not know how much Teddy had told his mother about Alan so she decided to keep her comments vague.  When her mother-in-law did not reply she continued:
‘Yes he’s a very nice man.  They stayed and had some lunch with us.’
‘Teddy never told me.’
‘I expect he forgot.  It wasn’t anything important, just lunch.’
Her mother-in-law put down her knife and fork as though she had lost her appetite.
‘Where could they have been going together?’ she asked.
‘Oh probably something to do with work, a conference or something, I don’t remember what Teddy said.  They didn’t stay long.’
‘Yes, I’m sure you’re right.  That would be it, a conference.  But why wouldn’t Teddy mention it to me?  He phones me every Sunday you know.’
‘That’s nice of him.’
‘Not like Harry.’
‘Harry works on a Sunday,’ she reminded her.
‘Teddy’s always working so hard,’ she continued as though Barbara had not spoken.   ‘He always has you know.  Even as a little boy he worked hard.  I never had to remind him to do his homework, not like Harry.  Harry always wanted to be out playing with his friends instead of studying.  Now look at him.  Not like my Teddy.  He went to Manchester University you know and got his BA.’
Barbara nodded.  How had they got onto this old theme again?  Anyone meeting her mother-in-law for the first time would imagine that she did not have a second son and that her husband was dead for all the reference she made to them.
‘Then he studied for his Masters.  So clever you know.  And now he has his PhD.  I said to him “I hope that’s all the studying done now, Teddy and you can spend some time enjoying yourself, find a nice girl and settle down.”  I’d like him to get married and have a family.  It would be so nice to have grandchildren.’
‘But you have two grandchildren already, Phoebe.’
‘Yes, I know, but it would be nice to have some more.  I don’t suppose you and Harry will have any more now, will you?’
Barbara looked at her.
‘No, I suppose not, but then we’re very happy with the two we have, thank you.’
Why was her mother-in-law always so caustic when it came to talking about Harry and his family?  She had tried to make a friend of Phoebe for Harry’s sake but it had not been easy, so she had made do with being a dutiful daughter-in-law instead.  Harry, although he said he loved his mother, avoided her whenever possible.  He said he had grown up listening to her sing the praises of his older brother and knew the liturgy by heart, now he had no time to listen to the constant comparisons she made between them.  It was amazing that she had not turned Harry against his brother, instead the two were firm friends.  As a boy Harry had looked up to his older brother and Teddy in turn had always been there for him. 
‘Mum, I’ve finished, can I get down?’ Tom asked.
‘Yes.  Take your plate into the kitchen then you can go into the garden.’
‘And don’t break any of those daffodils with that football of yours, my lad or Granddad will be after you.’
‘OK Gran.’
It took Tom no time at all to be outside, the regular thud of the football against the shed wall punctuated their conversation.
‘So Edward is keeping well?’ she asked her mother-in-law.
‘As well as can be expected with all the cigarettes he smokes.  I’ve told him, coffin-nails that’s what they are but he won’t listen to me.  Forty a day he smokes.’
‘That’s a lot.’
Her father-in-law suffered from emphysema and was supposed to be trying to give up smoking but with little effect.
‘Mum.’
‘Yes, Darling?’
‘May I get down?’
She nodded.
‘She’s getting a big girl, that one,’ Phoebe said as her granddaughter went into the kitchen with her empty plate.
‘Yes, she’ll be ten on Tuesday.’
‘Quite the young lady.’
Barbara looked at her daughter.  It was true, by the slight swelling of her breasts that strained to be free of her rather demure dress, she was already on the road to puberty.  With a pang Barbara realised that her daughter was growing up.
‘We’re going to the zoo for my birthday,’ Sylvia told her grandmother when she returned.  ‘Daddy’s taking us.’
‘Don’t you have to go to school?’
‘No, it’s the holidays, we broke up last Friday.’
She stopped in the doorway.
‘Gran are we going to have any pudding?’
‘Oh I’d forgotten all about it, there’s an apple pie in the fridge.  Be a good girl and bring it in for me.’
‘OK Gran.’

There was no problem getting Tom out of bed on the morning of Sylvia’s birthday, Barbara could hear him bounce into his sister’s bed and her strangled shout of “Go away.”  Then was the sound of laughter and the bedroom door burst open.
‘Mum?  Dad?  Are you awake?’ her son whispered.
‘We are now,’ Harry grumbled and pulled the covers over his head.
‘What is it Tom?’
‘It’s Sylvia’s birthday.’
‘I know it is.’
‘We’re going to the zoo.’
‘I know we are but the zoo’s not open yet.’
Both her children climbed onto the bed beside them.  Reluctantly she opened her eyes and looked at the bedside clock, it was ten past six.
‘Do you know what time it is?’ she asked.
‘Breakfast time,’ said Tom.
Barbara sighed.
‘Happy birthday Darling,’ she said to her daughter.  ‘Come here.’
Sylvia clambered over the bed and snuggled down between her mother and father.
‘Happy birthday,’ mumbled Harry.
‘Look why don’t you go down and have some breakfast and Daddy and I will be down in a minute.’
‘OK,’ said Tom and bounced off the bed.  ‘Come on Sylvia.’
‘And close the door,’ shouted Harry.
‘Ten more minutes,’ Barbara said and snuggled up to her husband.
He nibbled her ear and whispered:
‘Do you think that will be long enough?’
She giggled.
‘Not now, the children will hear us.’
But his hands were already inside her nightdress, caressing her breasts.
‘Not if you’re very quiet,’ he whispered. 

They had left the party early because Tom had been violently sick.  Sylvia said it was because he had eaten three helpings of trifle and then gone straight outside to play on the Bouncy Castle.  She was probably right.
‘I don’t see why we have to go home.  Aunty Mary said he could lie down in her room,’ she complained.
‘I think Tom will be better off in his own bed,’ Barbara replied.
Her son was lying on the back seat, his face two shades paler than normal, being unusually quiet.
‘But why have I got to go home too?  It’s not fair,’ her daughter whined.
Barbara sighed.  She turned off the lane and drove into their drive, Harry’s car was parked outside the garage.
‘Look, Daddy’s home, that’s a nice surprise.  I thought he wasn’t coming home until much later.  Now aren’t you pleased you didn’t stay at the party?’
‘No.’
Sylvia got out of the car, slammed the door and went straight inside.
‘Come on Tom,’ Barbara said.
‘Do I have to go to bed, Mummy?’
‘Not if you don’t want to, but I think you should sit quietly for a bit, put the telly on if you like.  And don’t eat anything, give your stomach a rest too.’
She followed her children into the house.
‘Hello.  Harry?  We’re home,’ she called.
She heard the television being switched on and the sound of Tom’s favourite programme.
‘Not too loud, Tom,’ she warned him.
There was no sign of her husband downstairs so she went up to their bedroom.  One of their larger suitcases was on the bed and Harry was busily packing it with his clothes.
‘Hi Darling?  What are you doing?  Oh, you’re not going on another trip so soon are you?’ she said, sitting on the opposite side of the bed and kicking off her shoes.
‘God, kids’ parties are so exhausting, I’m absolutely shattered,’ she continued.
She lay back and looked up at him.
‘Tom was sick.  Sylvia’s in a bad mood.  It’s been a great afternoon.’
Harry continued to fold his shirts and lay them neatly in the suitcase.
‘You’re home early,’ she said.  ‘Was the Reading gig any good?  It was The Skinks, wasn’t it?  Tom likes them.’
He looked at her, his face was taut and he was frowning, it was almost as if he was annoyed to see her.
‘I need to talk to you,’ he said in a strangled voice.
It was the sound of his voice that told her something was wrong but even then she was not expecting what came next.
‘I’ve met someone else,’ he said.  
She sat up, thinking that perhaps she had misheard him.
‘What did you say?’
‘I’m leaving you,’ he continued.  ‘I’m sorry Barbara.’
‘I don’t understand.’
But understanding was dawning on her bit by bit.
‘I’m so sorry Barbara, I’ve met someone else and I’m in love.  I just can’t go on living this lie anymore.’
‘Lie?’
Still she could not take it in.
‘I didn’t mean it to happen, please believe me.  The last thing I would ever want is to hurt you and the children.’
She was not listening to his words, she was caught up in some nightmare and she could not escape.
‘Who is she?’ she managed to whisper.
He looked away and picked up another shirt to fold.
‘Her name’s Margery, you don’t know her.’
‘How long?’
‘Does it matter how long?  I love her.’
‘How long has it being going on?’
She had to know the extent of his deceit.
‘Three years.’
‘Three years,’ she screamed.  ‘Three years and you never gave a sign.’
‘I didn’t want it to happen.  Believe me, I didn’t want to hurt you.’
He placed the last shirt in the case and took his socks from the sock drawer.
‘I’m so sorry Barbara, it just happened.  I wasn’t ready for it, it just bowled me over and I couldn’t do anything about it.  I love her, you see.’
She had felt the scream forming in her stomach and rising slowly through her body until it released itself in a cry of anguish.  Realisation took hold, he was leaving her and the children for someone else.
‘Believe you?  How could I ever have believed you, you lying bastard?’
She lashed out and knocked the socks from his hand, they scattered across the floor.  She saw a look of shock on his face and he moved towards her trying to hold her still, to stop her cries but she fought against him, hitting him with her fists until she collapsed, exhausted, at his feet.  He was talking to her but she could not comprehend what he said.
‘Barbara I’m so sorry.  I didn’t want you to find out like this, I’ve written you a letter explaining everything.’
She looked at him through her tear-filled eyes, he was holding an envelope in his hand.  Suddenly she realised the full calumny of this man, the man she loved, the man she had lived with for twenty years, he had hoped to leave before she returned home.  He did not even have the guts to tell her to her face that he was leaving her, he had written her a letter.  A cowardly letter. She snatched the envelope from his hand and tore it in two.
‘How can you explain this to your children?  Tell me that.  How can you explain it to them?’
‘Barbara, don’t be like this, you know how fond I am of you and the kids.  I love the children.’
She could not say anything, her tears were choking her and she felt unable to breathe.
‘I’m really sorry.  I hope one day you can forgive me.’
He closed the case and swung it off the bed.
Forgiveness?  Why did he talk about forgiveness?  How could she ever forgive him?  In the space of a few thoughtless moments he had destroyed her entire world.  So many years together and now what?   
He was standing there, looking at her, his face racked with guilt.  For an instant she thought he was about to change his mind.  But no, he picked up the case, looked at the socks scattered across the floor, decided against recovering them and made for the door.  He paused, his hand on the door handle and turned to her as though he would speak.
‘Get out,’ she shouted, her rage making her voice harsh and ugly.
The door closed behind him and with that click of finality she felt the bottom fall out of her world.  Slowly she dragged herself to a chair by the window, her legs were heavy, reluctant to move.  She saw him throw his case into the boot of the car and drive away.  How long she sat there, unable to move, watching the rain run down the window panes, she did not know but eventually she heard Sylvia’s voice outside the door calling her.

She had loved him fiercely and loyally, never even thought of any other men, although there had been opportunities over the years.  Before Tom was born Harry’s friend, Martin, took to calling her in the mornings when Harry was out, at first it had been to enquire about Sylvia who had just had her tonsils removed, then it was chatting about things in general.  In the beginning she quite enjoyed his telephone calls, Martin was an amusing companion and liked to joke and flirt but then one day he asked her to have lunch with him.  Naively, she thought he meant the four of them, but when he said how much he liked her and how it would be nice to go somewhere quiet, just the two of them, she had hurriedly backed away.  Harry never knew why they stopped seeing Martin and June and in his typical laid-back fashion, never asked.  Now she began to wonder if this had been the first time that Harry had deceived her.  Maybe he had been telephoning one of her friends just as Martin had telephoned her, after all nobody would have told her.  She had never said anything to June.  She sighed, better that he had died than left her for another woman, then she could grieve and look back at their life with love and affection.  Now she was filled with anger and suspicion.  Every time her thoughts turned to her husband she felt the bitterness growing inside her, she knew it would devour her unless she took control.  She could not let him destroy her and her children in this way.

OCTOBER 1990

CHAPTER 6: FOR RICHER FOR POORER

He was working in Bristol that weekend, she had decided not to go with him because she had some leather skirts to finish for a new boutique that had opened in Convent Garden.  She was just hemming the lining of the last one when the telephone rang, it was Harry to say that he had something important to tell her and would be round in half an hour.  She could hear the excitement in his voice but he refused to say any more.
‘I want to see your face when I tell you,’ he explained.
She tried to concentrate on her sewing but her head was buzzing with questions.  It was six months since he had told his wife that he was leaving her, he had packed a bag and moved in with Margery the same day.  At first she had been pleased that he had at last made the choice between them but as the weeks went by and he never mentioned the subject of divorce she began to wonder if he was really serious about it.  True it was wonderful to wake up each morning and see him lying by her side and to be able go out openly without always having to worry who they would bump into, but gradually she began to feel that something was missing.  They were in a steady relationship it was true but, no matter what he told her, the fact was that he was still married to someone else.  Now when he worked late she began to worry that he was going to see his family without telling her.  She had asked him once, saying that she would not mind, that it was natural that he would want to see his children, but she would like to know.  He had got angry and said no, he was not visiting Barbara or the children, for a start he did not want to disrupt the children’s lives any more than he already had by coming and going.  He had made his choice and that was that.  She had had to accept it.

She heard the key turn in the door to her flat and hurried to greet him.  When he opened the door and stood there, an enormous smile on his face, a bunch of roses in one hand and a bottle of Dom Perignon in the other, she knew that he had made a decision.
‘Marry me Margery,’ he said by way of greeting.
She just looked at him and smiled, what could she say?  Her heart was bursting with happiness.
‘Why not,’ she managed at last.
‘This weekend.  We’ll drive to Gretna Green and get married there.’
‘Don’t you have to get divorced first?’
‘Small detail.’
‘Not sure I want to marry a bigamist,’ she said, putting her arms around him and kissing him.
‘Oh, alright, divorce first then.’
‘Does that mean you’ve spoken to Barbara?’
‘Yes, well her solicitor.  She’s agreed to divorce me on grounds of adultery.’
For a moment he looked concerned.
‘You’ll be named, I’m afraid.’
‘We always knew that would happen,’ she said. 
‘Anyway, cause for celebration, wouldn’t you say?  Where’re the glasses?’
He handed her the roses and proceeded to open the champagne.

Later that night, over dinner, he said:
‘I have something else I want to talk to you about.’
‘What something more important than a proposal of marriage?’
She beamed at him, no matter what it was it could not alter the way she was feeling right then.  It was though the bubbles from the champagne were spreading through her blood and exploding one by one.
‘Look Darling we need to talk about money.’
‘Money?  We’ve got enough money, I’m working and so are you.  I know you have to pay for the children but we can manage.’
She lifted her glass to him and said rather dramatically:
‘What matters money when we have each other?’
‘Yes, I know but the problem is that all my money is in the business, I don’t have a lot of cash and of course I can hardly throw Barbara and the kids out of the house can I?  Anyway I know these bastard solicitors, they’ll screw me for as much as they can get.’
‘Of course you’ll have to support your children, I understand that.’
‘But it’s not just that, I don’t want us to start off our lives together, scrimping and saving like a couple of twenty-year olds.’
‘So what are you saying?’
‘I’ve been giving it some thought and it seems to me that the best way out is for me to sell the business and we use the money to move to Spain.’
‘Move to Spain?  Where did that idea come from?  You’ve never mentioned living abroad before.’
‘I know, but houses are cheaper there, our money will go much further than here in England.’
He leaned across and poured some more champagne into her glass.
‘But what about my work?’
‘Darling just think of it, away from all these grey skies and rain.  Once we’re settled we’ll find some work, you can go back to your sewing and I’ll find something to do.  I reckon I can get a good price for the business, the equipment is worth quite a bit and my good-will list is worth even more.  There’s a guy who has been after it for some time, I’ll give him a ring and see if he’s still interested.  More importantly if I sell it I can hide the true value of my assets from the bastards a lot easier.’
For a moment Margery felt cheated.  Yes she loved Harry and yes she would like to marry him but now he was asking her to give up her career.  She had worked hard to get the reputation she had and each year her label was becoming better known.  How could she just give it up?  Sewing, was that all he thought it was?  Sewing.
‘Hey hang on a minute Harry, this is all moving a bit fast for me.’
He paused, a look of surprise on his face.
‘I don’t understand.  I thought that this was what you wanted.’
‘To be with you, yes but we never talked about moving to Spain.’
‘Oh I know, it’s something I’ve just thought of, but it could be the answer to our financial problems.  To be honest, it was Arnie’s idea actually.  He’s got a lot of property in Marbella, says it’s a wonderful place to live, much cheaper than the UK.’
‘But it’s a big step Harry, we don’t know anybody in Spain.’
‘That’s not a problem, Arnie’ll introduce us to his friends and we’ll soon make some of our own.  It’s not as though you have many friends here,’ he continued.
‘I did have.  It’s only since I met you that I’ve neglected them.  They’re still my friends.’
‘They can come and visit us.  According to Arnie his wife has a continuous stream of people staying with them.  He says he comes back to the UK for a bit of peace and quiet.’
‘What about my parents and my sister?  My father is getting on now you know.’
‘Look Margery, one of the reasons for going to Spain is so that we will have a better standard of living.  There will be enough money for you to go and visit your parents whenever you want.  You can even fly to Florida and visit your sister.’
The euphoria she had felt a few minutes before was slowly evaporating.
‘Besides which Arnie said he’d fix us up with somewhere to stay until we could find our own place.’
‘I thought you told me that Arnie was a crook?’
‘Did I say that?  Well not so much a crook, really.  He does sail pretty close to the wind, I admit but I’m pretty sure he’s not involved in anything nasty.’
‘Nasty?  What does that mean?  Drugs?  Prostitution?  Murder?’
‘Now come on Marge, you’re just being silly.  There’s nothing wrong with Arnie, I’ve known him since we were at school and to be quite honest he’s been really helpful about this.  It’s going to make the move so much easier if we accept his help, we’ll have somewhere to stay and he may even be able to put some work my way.  Don’t put the damper on it Darling.  I know you’ll love it when you’re there.’   
‘I’m not sure Harry.  I need to think about it.’
‘What’s there to think about Margery?  We’ll be starting a new life together.  It’s the perfect solution: new country, new home, new friends, new life.’
‘What about my business?  I can’t run it from Spain, it depends on a one-to-one relationship with my clients.  I need to be in London.’
She could hear the whine creep into her voice.
‘You’ve got an agent haven’t you?  Let her get you the clients.  You can always pop back once a month to see them.  It’s not as though I’m suggesting we move to Australia, is it.’
A slight hardening of his tone told her that he was disappointed with her reaction.  She began to feel that she was being too negative, maybe it could work after all.
‘I suppose I could talk to Jenny about it,’ she said, reluctantly.
‘That’s the girl.  Anyway I thought you wanted us to have a family?  You’d have to give up work then.’
‘I hadn’t thought that far ahead actually, but maybe you’re right.’
The truth was that her complete absorption with Harry had clouded her mind to any practical issues, she had imagined that she would be able to have him and continue with her existing life.  Now she was being presented with a choice and she was not happy.
He pulled her towards him and kissed her.
‘Don’t keep looking for objections Darling.  I promise you it will be alright.  You see, in a few years you will wonder why you ever hesitated.’

She had arranged to meet Jenny at Starbucks in Covent Garden, she was taking her to meet a new client, the wife of a well-known playwright.  As usual Margery was early, or as she reminded herself as she looked at her watch, she was on time and Jenny was tardy as always.  She ordered herself an espresso and positioned herself at a table in the corner where she had a view of all the comings and goings in that busy street.  When she had a few minutes to spare this is what she liked to do: people watch.  It was her way of keeping abreast of what was currently in fashion, not the fashion that she viewed in the glossy magazines or on the television but the fashion of the streets.  It was almost the same as when she was at art college, then she gleaned her ideas from the styles of her peers now she looked to the youngsters, whose style of dressing was eclectic and uninhibited, for inspiration.  Some of her wealthy clients, especially the older ones would probably be horrified if she told them that creations she had made for them had been inspired by a young girl in full Goth regalia or another dressed in a man’s trench-coat obviously picked up at an Oxfam shop.  She could see Jenny on the other side of the street, her head was down and she was pushing her way through a crowd of people.   What would she say when Margery told her the news?  It was alright for Harry to say that her business could go on as usual but it would not be that simple.  How could she just pop over to London any time Jenny wanted her meet someone?  With a pang she suddenly realised how much she was going to miss living in London.
‘Hi, been waiting long?’ a breathless Jenny gasped, slumping into the seat opposite her.
She pulled out a packet of cigarettes and lit one.
‘Not really, I just got here.  The usual?’
‘Please.  Make it a large one, I’m suffering from caffeine deficiency.’
Margery wandered back to the counter and ordered a double latte and another espresso for herself.
‘Right, tell me about this playwright,’ she said, putting the coffees down on the table between them.
‘Joe Rushton?  He’s brilliant.  His play, “Summer Lies” has been in the West End now for almost a year.  Have you seen it?’
Margery shook her head.
‘No.  When do I ever get time to go to the theatre?’
‘You should, you’d love it.’
‘Harry’s not keen on live theatre.’ 
‘What does that mean?  He likes the actors to be dead?’
Jenny giggled and stubbed her half-smoked cigarette into the ashtray.
‘You know what I mean, he likes film and TV.  He says the actors always seem to be projecting themselves in the theatre, he thinks it sounds false.’
‘That’s what acting’s all about, it’s not reality TV.’
‘Anyway tell me about Mrs Rushton.’
‘Sandra.  She’s in her fifties, rather overweight and ordinary but now that her husband has become famous she wants to improve her image.’
‘So how did you get to know her?’
‘She went to one of those colour consultants and was talking to a friend of mine about how difficult it was to find clothes that were flattering to her shape.  My friend suggested that she get in touch with me.’
‘So here we are.’
‘Yes, it’s quite a project for me, not only is she after some leather outfits but it sounds as though she wants a whole new wardrobe.  I’m going to be busy for a few months with this one.’
‘That’s good, isn’t it?’
‘Any work is good, Marge.’
‘You’ll be her personal shopper?’
‘Something like that.’
‘Great, all that shopping and not having to spend your own money, I’d love it.’
‘Anyway, like I said she’s after a couple of leather outfits, some tight trousers and a long coat.  Naturally I thought of you.’
‘Naturally.’
She wondered who Jenny would think of contacting when Margery was in Spain, it was not guaranteed that it would be her.
‘What time did you say we’d be there?’
‘Eleven-thirty, plenty of time yet.  I thought we’d just take the Tube, I’ve parked my car miles away.’
‘Fine by me.  Tight trousers you said?’
Jenny grimaced.
‘Yes, well you decide when you see her.’
Margery sipped her coffee and looked at Jenny, she was skimming through her engagement diary.
‘Jenny, I’ve got something to tell you.’
Her friend looked at her over the top of her spectacles.
‘Harry’s asked his wife for a divorce.’
‘Wow, he’s done it at last, I never thought he would.’
‘He wants to marry me.’
‘That’s wonderful Marge.  God, you must be so pleased.’
‘Yes, I suppose so.’
‘What do you mean suppose so?  This is what you’ve been on about for ages.  Don’t tell me that you’ve changed your mind?’
‘No, it’s not that.  Of course I want to marry him.’
‘So what is it?’
‘He wants us to live in Spain.’
‘What permanently?’
Margery nodded.
‘But what about your business?’
‘My sewing, as he calls it?  Harry seems to think I can sew anywhere, he doesn’t see it as an obstacle.’
‘Well I’m gob-smacked, just when your label is getting known.’
‘He seems to think you and I can carry on working together as before, it will just mean a lot more travelling to and fro.’
‘I suppose we can but it will need some thought,’ Jenny replied.
Margery could see that the news had come as a complete shock to her friend.
‘So I don’t know if it’s worth going to see Mrs Rushton, in the circumstances,’ Margery said.
‘Of course it is.  When are you planning to leave this wet, cold country for sunshine and sangria?’
‘The end of March, Harry’s got to sell his company first.’
‘So, at least six months then?’
Margery nodded.
‘Plenty of time to hook the overweight Mrs Rushton as a favoured client, once she’s bought one of your creations she won’t care if you’re in Spain or Timbuktu.’
‘You think so?’
‘Of course.  It may even give your designs a certain cachet.’
‘Jenny, you’re fantastic.  How can you always be so positive?’
‘Look Marge, Harry’s right in a way, when you’ve got a good product you can market it from anywhere.  It’ll be a bit more complicated at first, but Spain’s not that far away and anyway it will give me a good reason for trotting off to the sunshine every so often and I can claim it on expenses too.’

CHAPTER 7

This was too much for Barbara and she pushed her unfinished plate away and stood up, tears welling in her eyes.
‘Please excuse me.’
She ran into the kitchen, closing the door behind her.  She had come here to tell Harry’s mother what had happened between them but it was proving impossible.  Instead of offering her sympathy she knew her mother-in-law would gloat.  If only her father were still alive.  Just lately she had felt his loss more keenly than ever.  She splashed some water on her face and took a few deep breaths.  She pulled out a tissue and dabbed at her make-up.  The face that looked back at her from the mirror was beginning to look lined and tired, she was moving into middle age and the telltale signs were already starting to show, what Harry used to call her laughter lines were now crows’ feet, etched into her skin, her jaw line had thickened and the skin under her chin had the faintest suggestion of a droop.  Her reddish blond hair was sprinkled with grey and the distress of the previous week had left her green eyes dull and lacklustre.  All portents of what she had to look forward to in a lonely old age.  She held back the desire to cry again and turned to her son who was looking at her anxiously from the doorway.
‘Mummy, Gran says we can go out to play.  Is that alright?’
‘Of course it is sweetheart.  You run along.’
She watched as her children rushed through the yard and into the garden.  The wind had come up and a sudden gust caught hold of the dead leaves that Phoebe had recently swept and piled next to the dustbin, blowing them along the path.  Her neighbour’s tortoiseshell cat leapt out of the hedge and gave chase, it bounded along the path after the spiralling leaves, leaping and trying to catch them, landing with its four paws splayed and then twisting round to turn and try again.  The children laughed and ran after it, they were happy to be outside, free from the restraints of the dining table.  Their laughter ate at her heart, how frail and vulnerable they looked.  What would happen to them now with no father to look after them?
‘So what’s this all about Barbara?  It’s not like you to have a bout of hysterics at the meal table.’
Her mother-in-law came into the kitchen carrying a pile of dirty plates.
‘Come and sit down Phoebe, I have something to tell you.’
She led her mother-in-law into the lounge and sat down beside her.
‘This is about Harry I suppose?  What’s he been up to now?’
‘Yes, it’s about Harry.  Harry and me.’
She paused then continued:
‘Harry and I have agreed to divorce.’
‘That doesn’t surprise me,’ Phoebe snapped.  ‘When did this happen then?’
Barbara swallowed hard before answering:
‘Last week.’
The look of something almost akin to pleasure that had appeared on her mother-in-law’s face made it hard for her to continue, it was as though she were thinking “I knew it would never last”.
‘Just like that?  What he got up one morning and asked for a divorce?’
‘Not exactly, he’s found someone else.  He’s not been living at home for almost six months.’
‘But you never said anything.’
‘No, I didn’t want to worry you.  Anyway I thought it was probably a mid-life crisis, I thought he’d come back and we’d work something out.  But apparently he’s in love,’ she said bitterly.  ‘He’s not coming back.’
‘In love?  What rot.  That boy’s never loved anyone but himself.  He could never make a success of anything, not even his marriage.  I could have told you from the start it would end like this.’
‘That’s not fair,’ Barbara protested weakly. ‘We’ve been married over twenty years and he’s always been a good husband and an excellent father.’
She was keenly aware of the irony in defending her unfaithful husband against his mother.
‘But that hasn’t stopped him going off with some floozy has it.  Oh what will Teddy say about it?’
‘Teddy?  This hasn’t anything to do with Teddy.  It’s us we’re talking about, Harry and me.’
‘I know but Teddy has always looked out for his little brother.  How’s he going to feel now?  Disappointed I can tell you, let down.’
Barbara could feel the tears starting again, but whether they were from self-pity or sheer frustration she was not sure.  They had been married twenty years, five months and thirteen days, happily married she would have said if anyone had asked.  
She still couldn’t believe that this was happening to her.  She had been so sure that they were happy, they had a good sex life, or so she thought and best of all they were such close friends.  It was this friendship that had bound them together for so many years.  She could not bear it, she could not bear to lose him. 
‘Now there’s no good crying over spilt milk,’ her mother-in-law said briskly.  ‘What you have to do now is think of the children.’
‘I know, but I can’t focus on anything beyond the fact that he’s gone.’
‘What about this woman?  What do you know about her?’
Barbara blew her nose loudly before replying:
‘Not much.  I think she’s younger than me.  She’s something to do with fashion.  Harry met her at a fashion show he was lighting.’
‘I knew that job of his would lead to trouble, all those weird people, pop stars and models.  It’s no wonder he’s gone off.  All that glamour’s gone to his head.  He was always like that, easily influenced.  Just an overpaid electrician who thought he was something he wasn’t.’
‘He says he loves her.’
‘What does he know about love?  Love is feeding your family, putting the bread on the table, not prancing about with fashion models.’
‘She’s not a model,’ Barbara insisted.
She felt plain and dowdy.  Already she was asking herself if it was her own fault, had she let her appearance go, had she become too narrow letting her world shrink to the size of her home and family?  In the early days of their marriage they had talked and argued about all sorts of things, politics, art, theatre.  But once the children had been born, slowly but surely their conversations centred more and more on domestic details and world issues had dimmed to insignificance.  Maybe she should have returned to work once Tom had started school, well that was exactly what would have to happen now.  They would not be able to manage on what she knew Harry could give them.  She stood up.  
‘Look I think we’ll go.  Thanks for the lunch.  I’m sorry to bring you such bad news, but you had to know.’
‘Never thinks of anyone but himself, Harry this, Harry that.  What about the pain he’s causing his poor mother, never mind his wife and children.  I suppose he might find the time to tell me himself one day.  Or is that too much to ask?  If he’s not too busy with his glamorous fashion model, that is.’
‘I expect he’ll ring you.’
She left her mother-in-law still talking to herself and went to call the children.

As they drove home she could hear the children arguing quietly in the back seat, they were playing some game that involved spotting number plates but Tom could not really grasp the complicated rules that Sylvia had devised.  They were much more subdued than usual she thought.  She switched on the radio and flicked through the channels, someone was playing Elgar’s violin concerto, a favourite of hers but far too sad in her present mood, a man from the Environment Agency was talking about the need to spend more on flood defence.  Eventually she found something light and relaxing and was humming along to “An Englishman in New York” when the broadcast was interrupted to give a weather warning:
‘Strong winds and heavy rain are forecast for many parts of southern England and the Midlands today.  You are strongly advised to stay at home unless your journey is absolutely necessary.’
She automatically slowed her speed and pulled back into the centre lane.  It had been raining steadily since she had left Phoebe’s and now she could feel the car being buffeted by the wind.  Although it was still afternoon the October sky was already dark and visibility was poor.  Perhaps she should have waited for an improvement in the weather before leaving but she had not given it a thought in her anxiety to be out of earshot of her mother-in-law.  The rhythmical clacking of the windscreens grated on her already frayed nerves and she longed to switch them off, but the water was pooling on the screen and she had to switch them to full in order to make any headway.  She slowed her speed to forty miles an hour and pulled into the slow lane but this made it worse as cars continued to speed past, showering her car with a muddy spray that all but obliterated her view.
‘I’m going to pull off kids.  I think we’ll take the back road home, OK.’
Her children said nothing, they were too engrossed in what they were doing.  She felt a surge of love for them, poor things, how would they cope when they realised that Harry was never coming back?   A sharp pain ran through her chest, she could not admit to herself that her marriage was about to be over, at least for a little while longer she wanted to cling to the hope that it had all been a mistake and they could return to normality.
She had been thirty-five when Sylvia was born, almost at the point of resigning herself to a childless marriage.  She and Harry had always wanted children, they had agreed that it would make their marriage complete, but try as they might she could not become pregnant.  The doctor had sent her for dozens of examinations and tests but they could find nothing wrong, no reason not to conceive.  The doctor wanted to examine Harry as well but he refused.  It was one of the few times that they had really quarrelled but no matter what she said, no matter how much she pleaded he would not go.  “If it’s going to happen, it will happen,” he said.  “It doesn’t affect how much I love you.”  So she had left it and waited.
Quite a few cars were also pulling off the motorway and she found she was now in a slow moving queue of traffic leading down to the slip road.  There were two routes home, the more direct one led through the town, the other, a mile or so longer, took the back lane down to the river.  Their house was three hundred metres from the riverbank on the lower slopes of Town Marsh.  She hoped the river was not rising too quickly, some years the bottom part of their garden flooded but the water had never risen as far as the house.  
Now what was her role to be?  Mother and father?  She suddenly felt angry with her husband.  Well if he did not want them, then they did not want him.  She would cope alone.  After all she was used to doing things without him, he had always been away so much anyway.  With mind-clearing clarity it suddenly dawned on her that his trips had become more frequent over the past few years and that even when he was working locally he had been coming home later and later.  When he told her about Margery she understood why.  She felt sick at how easily she had been deceived.
She arrived at the roundabout and turned out of the traffic and down the back lane.  At first the lane was clear but then she noticed that the water on the road surface was getting deeper, she slowed down to a crawl, frightened of getting water into the engine compartment.  It was already halfway up the wheels and try as she might she could not stop the water from spraying up around her.  She rounded a bend and braked hard, someone had stopped a van in the lane in front of her.  She tooted her horn but there was no response, so she tried to put the car into reverse, thinking that it would be better if she backed up and returned to the main road.
‘Mummy, the water’s getting deeper,’ Sylvia complained.  ‘Let’s go back, Mummy.’
In her haste Barbara let her foot slip off the clutch and felt the car stall.
‘Oh God, please let it start again,’ she said aloud.
She could see the pale scared faces of her children watching her, Tom was starting to cry silently.  She switched off the ignition then turned it on again.  The engine gave a tired whirring sound but nothing happened.  She tried again and then a third time.
‘I think I’d better wait a bit in case I flatten the battery,’ she explained to the children and switched off.
The water was by now coming through the car door and seeping across the floor.
‘Tuck your feet up on the back seat kids.  It’s only a little water but there’s no need to get your feet wet, is there.  Good job you’re not very big.’
‘Good job Molly’s not here.  She doesn’t like the water,’ Tom managed to say as cheerfully as he could manage.
‘That’s true Darling.  Cats hate the water.  She’s probably curled up nice and dry on your bed right now.’
She swung her own feet across onto the passenger seat.  There was at least six inches of water in the car by now and it was still rising.  What should she do?  She could not risk getting out and walking home, the water was sure to be deeper nearer to the river.  If she had been on her own she might have tried it but Tom was only eight years old and although Sylvia was almost five feet in height and fairly well built for a ten-year-old she was still a child.  The lane was unlit and already the night was pitch black with both moon and stars hidden behind the dark rain clouds, she couldn’t imagine either one of them wading through this deluge safely.
‘Mummy, I’m frightened.  Can’t we put the light on?’
‘No, Tom.  I’m sorry but nothing is working now.  We just have to be patient and wait a bit longer.  Just think what an adventure this has become.  You’ll be able to tell all your friends about it at school tomorrow.’
She reached down with her hand to feel the water, it was almost up to the seat now.  What on earth should she do?  At the moment the children were dry and sheltered but what if the water continued to rise?  She needed to get to a telephone and quickly.  There was a box on the corner, just before the turning into the lane.  If she hurried it would only take her five minutes to get there.  She looked at the children, Sylvia had her arm around Tom and was hugging him to her.
‘Look, I’m going to phone for help.  I won’t be long.  Stay where you are and don’t move.  Sylvia, lock the car doors when I get out.  OK?’
She smiled at them.
‘Don’t worry, I’ll be back before you can count to 1,000.’
Tom tried a brave smile then began:
‘One, two.’
‘Slower than that, silly,’ Sylvia told him.  ‘Like this: one O’Reilly, two O’Reilly.’
Barbara heard the click as her daughter locked the door behind her, the water was cold and was up to her ankles.  She hurried back up the dark lane, slipping and stumbling in her haste.  It took her only a few minutes to reach the main road, the telephone box was a hundred yards down on the right.  The water here barely covered her shoes and she ran, splashing through the stream until she reached it.
‘Please let it be working,’ she said aloud.
It was.  She dialled 999.  The number seemed to ring interminably, at last an operator asked:
‘Which service do you want?  Police, ambulance service, fire service or coastguard?’
‘Police,’ she gasped.
It took only a few minutes to explain to the policewoman who asked what had happened and where she was.
‘I’m sorry Madam you will have to just sit tight for a while, we are inundated with emergency calls.  We will get someone out to you as soon as we can.’
‘But I have two young children here and the water is rising all the time.’
‘I understand but please be patient.  Stay in your car and keep the doors locked.  We will get someone to you as soon as we can,’ the woman repeated.
‘Thank you,’ she said, putting down the telephone.
She ran back to the car as quickly as she could, the rain was coming down heavier than ever and the water was gushing along the lane in a torrent.  She could see Tom’s face at the window, straining to see her.
‘Let me in,’ she called, banging on the door.
‘Is someone coming for us Mummy?’ Tom asked.
‘Yes, Darling.  The police will be along soon.  Just curl up close to Sylvia and don’t let your feet get wet.’
‘We counted to nine hundred and ninety two, Mummy,’ he said.
‘So I only just made it then,’ she said with a smile.
‘Yes, but I was counting very slowly,’ he admitted.
‘Will they be long Mummy?’ asked Sylvia.
‘No, they’ll soon be here, Darling.’  
How could she have been so blind?  He had known this woman for three years he told her.  Three years and she had never guessed that anything was wrong between them until that day when he said he was going to leave them.  Life had gone on much as usual.  With a pang she remembered how they had continued to make love in the normal way, right up until only days before he left.  
They had even started to talk about how they would celebrate their twenty-fifth wedding anniversary.  It was Harry who had suggested taking her to Florence for a week and leaving the children with his mother.  He knew she had always longed to visit Florence, they had talked about it many times, but children’s holidays had always taken a priority.  This was to be a special trip, just the two of them together, a second honeymoon he had said.  Tears of disappointment and an unspeakable sadness overwhelmed her as she thought about it.  She knew now that she had not only lost her future but also her past, she could never look back on their time together without a feeling of bitterness.  It was as though all those wonderful years were lost forever, a scrapbook of memories cast on the flames of betrayal.  In that moment, sitting there in the darkness with the water creeping up the side of the car she decided that she would give him his divorce, put it all behind her and remake her life
She wondered how long it had been since she had telephoned.  It felt like hours but she calculated that it was probably no more than twenty minutes.
‘Why don’t we sing a song?’ she said.
‘OK,’ Tom replied a little reluctantly.
He was the one who usually wanted to sing in the car.
‘How about “Ten Green Bottles”?’
‘No, “Old MacDonald”.’
‘OK, you too Sylvia.’
Barbara began:
‘Old MacDonald had a farm.’
‘Eyai eyai oh,’ sang Tom.
‘And on this farm he had a cow.’
Both children started to sing lustily and soon the car was filled with the sounds of mooing cows, clucking hens and sundry sounds from the farmyard.  They were into verse six when she noticed a light in the lane behind them.
‘Keep singing kids.  I think there’s someone coming.’
A large breakdown truck pulled up behind them and two men got out.  Barbara wound down the window and stuck her head out.
‘Over here.  Can you help us, we’re stranded.’
By the light of the truck’s headlights she could make out the men wading towards them.  One wore a fluorescent yellow jacket and some sort of cap.
‘Oh thank God.  Am I glad to see you.  My car stalled and now I can’t get it to start.  We’ve just been sitting here, I didn’t know what else to do.’
‘That’s OK lady, you did the right thing to sit it out.  The police gave us your location.’
He flashed his torch into the car.
‘Hello you two.  Hang on there and we’ll get you out of this in a tick.’
He pulled the back door of the car open and lifting Tom clear carried him back to his truck.  The second man put his head in the car.
‘Hello Mrs Wilkinson.  I thought I recognised the car.’
It was Dickie Reynolds, the lock keeper.
‘Hello Dickie.  I didn’t realise that was your van.  Thank goodness you came back, I didn’t know what to do.  The water keeps rising and rising.’
‘Now don’t you worry.  It’s beginning to go down now.  They’ve opened the sluice gates further downstream and the water’s starting to flow more quickly.  It’ll soon be back to normal.’
Barbara reached down with her hand, he was right, the water level was dropping at last.  She pushed open the car door and lowered her feet into the icy water, she felt her calf muscles tense.  She could hear the wind howling in the trees, a cold desperate sound that chilled her more than the water and she was glad that these men had come to their rescue.  Dickie reached into the car and pulled Sylvia across his shoulder. 
‘There we go my girl, a fireman’s lift for you,’ he said.
He made his way towards the truck and Barbara followed him, her shoes slipping on the uneven surface as she waded against the current.  She could see the water, black and shiny in the headlights, swirling its way down towards the river.  Thank God it is almost over she thought.
‘You wait here in the cab while I hitch up your car.  Won’t take long then I’ll run you all back to the town.’
‘Yes I don’t think it’s a good idea for you to go home tonight.  Better to wait until daylight when you can see what’s what,’ Dickie suggested.  ‘Where’s Mr Wilkinson?  Is he at home?’
‘No, he’s away on business,’ she lied.
‘I’ll take you to Spean’s Field,’ he said.  ‘They’re using the school as a refuge.  All the people from Towpath Lane have been flooded out of their homes.  There’s quite a party going on there.’
He smiled at her.  What a kind man, she thought and her anger against Harry returned, refuelled by his absence in her moment of need.
‘That’s OK.  Just give me a lift to the village and I’ll telephone my friend.  I’m sure we can stay with her tonight.’
She turned to the children, who were beginning to tremble with the cold.
‘You’d like that wouldn’t you Tom, Sylvia?  If we go and have a sleep-over at Mary’s?’
Tom began to giggle.
‘Mums don’t go on sleep-overs,’ he said.
‘Maybe just this once sweetheart.  OK?’
The children nodded.  She could see the exhaustion in their faces and again felt a surge of love for them, they had been so brave and uncomplaining.  If only Harry had been there to see them.

The next morning Barbara’s friend drove her home down the very same lane they had been stranded in the night before.  The water had receded and left behind a trail of devastation, broken fences, uprooted plants and a thick covering of black, evil-smelling mud.  A JCB had been down earlier and cleared some of the debris, pushing it into long, narrow piles either side of the lane so Mary’s Volvo was able to pass with ease.  As they descended towards the river she could see, that although the garden was awash with mud and stones and many of her plants were completely flattened, the water had not reached the house.  Some of her neighbours had not been so lucky.  The old lady who lived further downstream was sitting on her doorstep, her head in her hands whilst her son tried to comfort her.  
‘You’ve been lucky Babs,’ Mary said.
From where she stood on the terrace she could see at least a mile in each direction along the valley.  Traces of the deluge were plainly evident, boats that had broken free of their moorings now lay marooned in the meadows, the towpath still lay underwater and the river itself was a muddy torrent carrying dead tree trunks and broken branches downstream.  
‘Yes but what about next time?  I’m not sure I can continue here without Harry.  What if the floods come higher next time?  I don’t think we’re safe here anymore.’
As she spoke she began to cry.  This house, with its rambling garden and the ducks that came each morning to the jetty to be fed, epitomised her happy marriage.  First one was breaking up, now the other, soon she would be left with nothing of her old life.
‘Come on Babs.  I’m sure it won’t come to that.  You’ve been so happy here and the children love it.  Don’t be hasty now.  Just tackle one thing at a time.’
‘But that’s just it Mary.  I love this house.  We loved it.  It had so many happy memories but that’s all spoiled now.’
‘You’ll manage without him.  I know it’s hard right now but give it time.  You’ll probably meet someone else, someone who deserves your love.  Don’t cry Babs.  He’s not worth it.’
Barbara blew her nose and tried to smile.
‘Did you know Sylvia was born here?  It was before we had the road and we used to come across in our little boat.  She decided to arrive on such a foul night, the river was running very fast and there was a tremendous wind.  Harry didn’t want to risk it, so we waited for a while.  Then suddenly it was too late, she was on her way.’
‘No, I didn’t know that.’
‘Luckily for me she was an easy birth.  Harry was very sweet but not really a lot of use.  He can’t bear the sight of blood and I think my groans frightened him, but we managed somehow.’
‘Look I’d better get back to the children.  Do you want me to come back for you later?’
‘That would be kind.  I’ll ring you when I know what time the car will be ready.’
‘OK.’
‘Are you sure you don’t mind having Tom and Sylvia?’
‘No of course not.  They’re all fine together.  It will take their minds of it for a while being with my two.’
Barbara gave her friend a hug, holding onto her for a second or two more than normal.  Her kindness made her want to cry again and she had to bite her lip to stop herself.
‘OK, see you later then.’
She watched as Mary drove away then, hearing her telephone ringing went into the house.  It was Teddy.
‘Hi Barbara.  Just thought I’d ’phone and see if you were alright.  Saw the floods on the news this morning and was worried it might be your part of the world.’
‘Hello Teddy.  That’s nice of you to call.  Yes we’re right in the middle of it I’m afraid.’
She proceeded to tell him about their adventures of the previous night, adding:
‘I’ve just this minute got in, why don’t I ring you back later?’
‘No, I’ve a better idea.  I’ll come over this afternoon, sweetie.  I’ve actually been visiting Mother so I’m not that far away.’
‘That would be wonderful.’
She could not keep the enthusiasm out of her voice.  It was true, it would be wonderful to see Teddy, if only to have a shoulder to cry on.

By the time Teddy arrived carrying a large bunch of chrysanthemums and a bottle of champagne, Barbara had picked up her car from the garage and collected her children from Mary’s house.  
‘So what’s this I hear about you and Harry?’ her brother-in-law asked, pouring out the champagne.
‘Your mother told you then.’
‘Yes, so sorry old love.  You’ve been together a long time now.  It must be hard.’
‘That’s an understatement Teddy.  It’s bloody awful.  I just can’t believe he would do this to me, to us.’
‘Here, try this.  It’s a new one I found in a little wine shop outside Nottingham.  It’ll perk you up a bit.’
He handed her a glass of cold champagne.
‘Cheers.’
‘Why champagne Teddy?’
‘To toast your new life of course.  Have to look to the future my girl.  No point dwelling on the past.  What’s past is past, what’s done is done.  Here’s to you.’
She would not have put it like that herself but, despite everything, she felt cheered by Teddy’s optimism and raised her glass.  The champagne was dry and very cold, just the way she liked it.  When had Harry last bought champagne?  Probably last Christmas, she thought.
‘It’s just been such a shock Teddy.  I really wasn’t expecting this.  I thought we were so happy together.’
She sniffed and swallowed hard.
‘So he wants a divorce, what will you do?’
‘Give him one of course.  I shall take your advice and look to the future while I’m still young enough to have one,’ she added, holding her glass out for a refill.
‘Mummy is that Uncle Teddy’s car?’ Sylvia called from the bedroom.
‘Yes, come down and say hello.’
Both children rushed down the stairs, whooping and crying with delight:
‘Uncle Teddy.  Do you know what happened to us last night?’
‘We’ve been on a sleep-over and Mum came too.’
‘It was really scary Uncle Teddy.’
‘The water was up to the top of my wellies but I didn’t get wet.  And a man gave Sylvia a fireman’s lift.’
If Barbara had been expecting her children to be traumatised by their ordeal she was disappointed, their recovery seemed complete and the scare of the night before was now being retold as a great adventure.  Once again she felt grateful for her friend whose support had helped them all.  The champagne was beginning to go to her head and she lay back on the sofa and began to relax.  Teddy was always so good with the children, as usual he had brought them presents and was watching as they opened them, ripping off the coloured paper in their haste.
‘Great, a Transformer.  Well good uncle, just what I needed.’
Tom began to pull at the stiff plastic.
‘You don’t need a Transformer, silly,’ retorted his sister.  ‘Nobody needs toys.  They want them but they don’t need them.’
‘I need it,’ he insisted.
‘OK, don’t argue you two,’ Barbara intercepted.
‘Thanks Uncle.  It’s lovely.  I’ll take it to school with me,’ Sylvia said, going over and giving her uncle a kiss on the cheek.
‘What’s this, young man?’ Teddy asked pulling at the long scarf Tom had wound around his neck.
‘Chelsea,’ Tom muttered, pulling away from his uncle.
He turned to his sister and asked:
‘So what’ve you got then?’
‘A pencil case.’
‘Oh, is that all.’
Barbara could see his interest dissipate instantly at her reply, that sounded too much like work for him.  Sylvia worked hard at school and liked to make a point of telling Tom about her good marks but he usually stopped listening and wandered away once she got started.  She wanted to be a schoolteacher when she grew up, she said whereas Tom declared he was going to be a racing driver.
‘Why don’t you go and play upstairs for a while so I can talk to Teddy,’ Barbara suggested.
The children climbed down from the wide expanse of Teddy’s lap and collected up their things.
‘You’re not going yet are you Uncle Teddy?’
‘No not for a bit.’
‘Uncle Teddy’s staying for dinner I hope.’
Barbara looked at her brother-in-law.
‘Yes of course.  Can’t miss a chance to sample your delicious cooking, my dear.’
‘Good.  See you later then Uncle Teddy.’
‘See you later alligator,’ Tom echoed.
The children disappeared in the direction of the playroom, Barbara could hear them still bickering and suddenly the lounge felt bare and empty without them.  She turned to her brother-in-law and asked:
‘How’s Alan?’
‘He’s fine, putting in some extra hours on his thesis today.’
He paused, his wide face crumpling into concern then continued:
‘Actually he’s a bit put out over me coming down to see Mother.  We had a bit of a row over it.  He says I’m too much at her beck and call.  I suppose he’s got a point, but what else can I do?  She gets herself into such a state if I say I’m too busy.’
‘Maybe Alan’s right, maybe you do run after her too much.’
‘She is my mother.’
‘Have you told her about you and him?’
‘I’ve tried to but she doesn’t seem to understand.’
‘Won’t understand, more like.’
‘Of course that’s another thing that gets up Alan’s nose, I never take him over there.  How can I?  As far as she is concerned he’s a student of mine.’
‘Did you tell your father?’
‘Yes, ages ago.’
‘What did he say?’
‘Oh he just smiled and said “your mother won’t like that.”  I bet if I had told him I was a mass murderer I would have got the same response.’
‘I suppose they are both from a generation that doesn’t talk about homosexuality.  Unless it’s “shock, horror, Oscar Wilde” they give it a wide berth.’
‘I was thinking about inviting them over for lunch next week.  She’s not been to the house since Alan moved in.  Maybe if she sees him in his own home she might realise.’
‘Just tell her straight out.’
‘What? Hi Mother, this is Alan, he’s my partner and I love him.  She’d probably collapse and have a heart attack.’
‘What about Harry?  Couldn’t he tell her for you?’
‘Not a good idea.  She’d just think he was trying to screw things up for me, trying to get me disinherited.’
‘Yes you’re probably right.’
Teddy poured them some more champagne and lay back in the chair.  He looked very much at home.  He had removed his brown corduroy jacket and hung it on the back of a chair, underneath he wore a cream, open-neck check shirt with a deep red cravat that covered the loose folds of his neck.  He crossed his long, elegant legs and took another sip from his glass.
‘Good stuff this, eh.’
She nodded.  Teddy was always so immaculately turned out he sometimes made her feel dowdy in comparison, but he was a big man, tall and with the early stages of corpulence about him.  Good living, she thought.  He had always been a bit of a bon viveur.
‘Tell me, why’s Tom so touchy about his scarf?’ he continued.
‘Don’t know.  It seems to have started when Harry left.  He wears it all the time, even in bed.  His teacher spoke to me about it, they tried to stop him wearing it in class but he got so upset that they left it.  I think he might be using it like a security blanket because of Harry going.  You know, the way some babies like to have a cloth or a blanket to hold on to.  Anyway we’ve all decided to just ignore it for the moment and see if he gets over it.’
‘Poor little chap.  I expect it’s hard on him.  What about Sylvia?  Is she coping alright?’
‘Yes, I think so.  To be honest Teddy I haven’t said very much to them.  I don’t know what to say.  I suppose I’ll have to tell them about the divorce but I’m not looking forward to it.  It’s so hard.  How can I make them understand that it’s nothing to do with them?  It would be easier if Harry kept in touch more but he doesn’t come round and he doesn’t ring.  They must feel he has abandoned them.’
‘Well he has, hasn’t he?’
She sipped her champagne in silence.
‘Has Harry been in touch with you lately?’ she asked.
What she really wanted to know was if her brother-in-law knew anything about Harry’s new woman.
‘He rings from time to time, usually when he’s bored or hanging around waiting for a show to finish.’
‘Oh yes, his “dead time” he calls it, when everything is set up and there is nothing more he can do except pray it all works.  He usually phones me then.’
She stopped and added:
‘Or rather he used to.’
She had always enjoyed those brief but rather sweet telephone calls, he never had much to say, it was more a way of touching base, making sure she and the children were alright.  Again she realised that there had been less of them over the last few years.  When she had asked once why he had not telephoned he said they were a man short these days and consequently he was too busy.  She had not doubted his word for a moment.
‘Teddy can I ask you something?’
She thought her brother-in-law looked uncomfortable for a second but he nodded.
‘Did you know about Harry and this woman?’
‘Margery?  Yes I did but I never thought it was serious.  There didn’t seem any point saying anything to you at the time.  I thought it would all blow over.’
Barbara felt more hurt than she would allow him to see at this revelation.  She realised he was Harry’s brother but she had always felt that she and Teddy had a particularly close relationship and for him to keep this from her seemed an enormous betrayal.
‘So how long have you known?’
Now she wanted all the details no matter how painful.
‘I suppose he first mentioned her about a year ago.’
‘A year?  Before he left me?  And you never thought to tell me?  How many other people know?  Am I the last to find out?’
She stood up and walked across to the window.   It was growing dark and the river below them was a mere black sash cutting through the gloomy fields.  She pretended to study something in the distance but her eyes were not focussing.
‘I don’t think he told anyone else.  That’s one of the reasons I didn’t say anything.  I was sure it was just a flash in the pan, mid-life crisis or something.  Honestly Barbara I never thought it was serious.  I thought he was just having a bit of a fling and when it was out of his system everything would be back to normal.  You know “least said soonest mended”,’ Teddy continued.
She turned to face him, the empty champagne glass still in her hand.
‘Well it isn’t is it,’ she said bitterly.  ‘It isn’t back to normal.  When did you find out he was going to leave me?’
‘I didn’t.  I didn’t know anything about it until you telephoned me.’
‘And still you didn’t say anything?’
‘What was the point?  I thought he’d get fed up with her and come back to you.’
‘But he didn’t, did he?  Now he wants a divorce.’
Teddy did not reply.  Instead he refilled their glasses and waited for her to speak again.
‘So do you know what he plans to do?  Has he told you anything that I ought to know?’
‘No he’s not told me anything else.  I think he wanted to but I stopped him.  I said I didn’t want to know.  I told him how difficult it would be for me, if after all these years, he decided to make me his confidante.  After all I am the children’s godfather.  I don’t want to take sides in this.  Look Barbara the best thing you can do is leave it all to your solicitor, he will handle everything for you.  You just said yourself that you would give him a divorce.’
‘I know and I suppose it makes sense but somehow it makes it all so final.  I don’t want to shut the door on him, I don’t want a divorce.  Maybe you were right, maybe this is only a mid-life crisis, maybe he will come home if I just give him enough time.’
Teddy shuffled uncomfortably.  He put down his glass and moved towards her.
‘No Barbara I don’t think he is going to change his mind.  I will tell you one thing he said to me:, he’s very much in love with this woman.  He wants to marry her.’

After Teddy had left and the children had gone to bed Barbara remained sitting in the lounge for a while.  The effects of the champagne and the half bottle of Burgundy she had drunk with the meal were beginning to wear off and she no longer felt as confident as she had made out.  She felt hurt and betrayed by the people she loved.  Now the future stretched ahead of her, long and bleak.  How was she going to manage to bring up the children without a husband?  She had no money of her own and all Harry’s money was tied up in his business.  She would have to go back to work.  Her mind whirled with self doubt, scraps of half forgotten conversations floated through her mind, fragments of memories she thought forgotten, she began to think of her uncertain future and felt herself spiralling out of control again.  She had to do something to stop it, she owed it to herself and the children.  She could not let him destroy their lives, she wiped away the tears and went to the bureau and took out some paper and a pen.  What she needed was a plan of action, she picked up the pen and wrote “phone solicitor” then underneath: “go to job centre”, she paused for a minute then added “find child minder”.  She looked at the list and her tears began to flow, dropping onto the paper and smudging the carefully scripted words, up until now her “to do” lists had been about inconsequential items, clean bathroom cupboards, pick up dry-cleaning, go to garden centre, they did not contain these life changing events.  Now that she had started crying she could not stop, her body shook, wracked with sobs and she buried her face in the cushions, ever mindful that her children might hear her crying again and be upset.

MARCH 1991

CHAPTER 8: NEW BEGINNINGS

Margery and Harry arrived at Málaga airport with four, overweight suitcases, their E111 insurance cards, passports, chequebooks and very little else.  She could not believe it had all happened so quickly.  Harry’s friend had been as good as his word and loaned them a large villa with a swimming pool on the outskirts of Marbella.  It was like living on a film set she thought to herself as she wandered from one marble-floored room to the next, the bathroom was tiled from floor to ceiling, with a bath that was big enough for two and had gold plated taps, the kitchen was fitted with every labour-saving device there was, the sunken lounge with its white leather sofas led onto a spacious terrace, with views that stretched out across the bay.  Palm trees lined a garden of immaculate lawns and carefully cultivated hibiscus and alongside the kidney shaped pool were garden chairs and tables neatly set out under a large white canopy.  He had even arranged for a maid to bring them fresh towels each day and clean up after them.  
This was a level of luxury she was unused to and, after the initial delight of living there, began to feel increasingly uncomfortable with.
‘Harry I think we should do something about finding ourselves a place of our own, don’t you?’ she suggested one morning after they had been living there for two months.
‘I thought you liked it here.’
‘I do, in a way.’
‘So what’s the problem?’
‘It’s like being in a hotel, nothing is ours.’
‘I don’t see anything wrong with that.’
‘It’s not a proper home, I’d like us to get our own place.  That’s what we talked about wasn’t it?’
‘What’s the hurry?  There’s plenty of time to settle down.  Just chill out and enjoy yourself.’
‘But we can’t stay here forever.  We’d be taking advantage of your friend’s generosity.  Why don’t we go into town and look around the estate agents?’
‘If you want, but not today.’
‘No, of course not.  But we could go into town next week and just see what there is.’
‘Just as you wish, Darling.  Now come over here and give me a kiss.’

‘The Harringtons are coming over to play tennis and then we’re going to the club for lunch.  Had you forgotten?’ Harry told her over breakfast. 
She had not forgotten but she had hoped that he had.  Maisie and Fred Harrington had taken to coming over most days and she was frankly bored with their company.  Their conversation did not extend beyond tennis, the tennis club, their fellow members and where the best place was to eat that day.  They were a couple in their early sixties who once upon a time must have had a normal life but now spent every waking moment trying to recapture their youth.  He jogged before breakfast, swam, played the inevitable tennis and worked out at the gym once a week.  She went to Pilates classes twice a week, did yoga each morning, played tennis slightly worse than her husband and spent a small fortune on creams and injections to restore her fading complexion.   
‘Can’t we ring and put them off?’
‘Whatever for?  Don’t you want to play?’
‘It’s not that I don’t want to play tennis, it’s just that I don’t want to play every damn day.  I want us to find a house of our own.’
‘Don’t you like it here?  I thought you’d be happy in this house.’
Harry looked so dejected that she softened her voice before replying:
‘No it’s not that.  Of course I’m happy here but it’s like being on a permanent holiday.  I want my own house and my own garden.  I’m bored,’ she finally admitted.
‘Bored?  I can’t believe it.  How can you be bored living in this beautiful house?’
‘But it’s not mine,’ she almost screamed at him.  ‘I want us to look for our own place, I said that right from the start.  You promised we’d look for one and that was ages ago.  I want to get back to working again.  I’m fed up spending all my time lying by the pool waiting for you to make a decision.’
‘OK. OK.  I’ve got the message.  Tomorrow we’ll go into Marbella and start looking.  Alright?’
‘Alright.  And a job?’
‘Don’t worry about that.  Arnie says he may have something for me, looking after his properties.’
Margery did not bother to reply, this had become his standard answer.  If only they could move away from here and get out of Arnie’s sphere of influence maybe they could get their lives organised.

Later that week Harry came home with a beaming smile on his face.
‘Guess what, I’ve found us the perfect house,’ he said.
‘Wonderful.  Is it that one we saw in Fuengirola?’
‘No, that was far too expensive for what it was, no this is much better.’
‘It’s just outside Marbella, on the road to Ronda, four bedrooms, swimming pool, great views, the lot.’
‘How much?’
‘Well within budget, in fact a damn good price.  It’s a repossession or something, Arnie arranged it for us.’
‘What do you mean Arnie arranged it?  What’s Arnie got to do with it?’
‘It used to be one of his properties.  The guy living there hasn’t been paying any rent, so he had to go.  Arnie said it was a shame but business is business and he needs the cash.’ 
She could not conceal her annoyance, once again they were tied to Arnie by yet another favour.
‘God there’s no pleasing you these days Margery.  You said you wanted us to buy a house, well we’ve bought one.’
‘But why here? And why from Arnie?  That one in Fuengirola that would have done us just fine.’
‘Yes but at almost twice the price.  Arnie’s done us a good deal on this place and he’s sending his guys over to repaint the whole house before we move in.  What are you complaining about?’
He poured himself a large gin and tonic and went outside.  He was clearly baffled at her lack of enthusiasm but how could she explain to him that she wanted to be free of Arnie and his friends?  She wanted it to be just the two of them again regardless of which house they bought.  
Arnie had not been back to England since they arrived and at the moment seemed to be happy to spend all his time in Spain, he came to the house most days and he and Harry shut themselves in Harry’s office to discuss business, but exactly what sort of business it was, Harry would not say.  She felt uncomfortable whenever she was near Arnie, he was a Londoner in his mid-forties, overweight and with thick, greasy black hair.  His attitude to women was pure pre-1960s and he vacillated in his approach to her between an oily lewdness and complete dismissal.  His wife whom Margery had met on a few brief occasions was a timid, well dressed woman who wore enormous diamonds on her fingers, dangling earrings and who followed blindly wherever her husband led.  Harry’s sequacity in all matters concerning Arnie was beginning to irritate Margery but whenever she tried to mention her concerns it developed into an argument.
‘I’m going back to the UK on Monday,’ Harry said, coming back into the kitchen and refilling his glass.  ‘The date has been set for the divorce and the solicitor wants to go over the settlement with me.’
‘Do you want me to come?’
‘No need.  I’ll only be a couple of days.  You can be getting things sorted out in the new house.  Chance for you to do some sewing, curtains and things.  Arnie says his wife will take you over if you want to measure up or anything.’
‘Right.  OK.  Do you want me to run you to the airport?’
‘Please.’
She actually had a couple of orders to start, a jacket for Sandra Rushton, who had been so delighted with what Margery had made for her that she had told all her friends about her and an evening skirt for Melissa who had become a regular customer.  She would be glad of some time on her own to get organised.

Monday morning she dropped Harry at the airport and continued along the motorway until the turning for Antequerra.  It took her another half hour to reach the town, perched high on the edge of the Sierra de Chimenea and overlooking the wide, flat fields of the meseta.  It was a fairly easy task to find the industrial estate to which she had been directed and locate the warehouse, a wide, basic storage area, built out of breeze blocks and corrugated iron sheeting.  She parked her car and went inside, pulling her jacket around her against the unaccustomed cold.  Long racks of shelving stacked high with skins lined each aisle and the air smelled of leather and tanning.   She wandered slowly along each row, looking carefully at what was on display.  She knew exactly what she was after and when she saw a large bale of black leather skins she stopped and pulled it down from the shelf.  Then she went through them one by one, holding each one up to the light to match its colour.  When she was satisfied that she had six skins of the same colour, with no faults and no discolorations, she put them to one side and returned the remainder to the shelf.  Now she wanted something more flamboyant, a fine calf skin printed with a leopard design caught her eye.  She added it to her pile and routed around until she found an identical one to match, unfortunately there was only enough to make a waistcoat not a jacket.  Still she would have them anyway.  She continued her search, turning skin after skin until her arms ached and her feet were frozen from the concrete floor.  At last she saw some skins that would make Mrs Rushton’s jacket, leather as soft as silk and dyed an iridescent blue.  Perfect.  As she was making her way to the cash desk she noticed a bin of leather scraps and went to explore.  One of her hallmarks was the way she used appliqué on her garments, here there was an enormous selection of off-cuts and scraps that she could cut and shape into the designs she wanted.
‘Inglish?’ the warehouseman asked.
‘Yes.’
‘I spik a little Inglish.  Can I help you?’
‘I’m looking for some small pieces of leather,’ she explained, thinking that it was probably self-evident as she had her arms buried in the bin up to her elbows.
He looked puzzled.
‘Small, pequeño, pieces of leather,’ she repeated, straightening up and her voice raising in volume despite herself.
‘Ah. Si. Here is lots of small pieces.  Only a thousand pesetas a kilo,’ he explained pointing to the bin.
She smiled at him and returned to the task of sorting and selecting pieces until she had about a kilo of them which she added to her other pile.  As she watched the attendant, a swarthy young man with brown, calloused hands and bitten fingernails, weigh and price her purchases she felt a particularly satisfying sense of achievement.  If it was going to be so easy to find such excellent leather then maybe she would be able to continue with her work here after all.  She thanked the young man, accepted one of their business cards, promised to return and set off for home.  
The journey through the mountains had rejuvenated her and she felt her old creativity return.  She drove back, the windows open, the cold, clean air blowing across her face and the radio playing a selection of Van Morrison hits whilst she thought about her new designs.  For once her mind was not preoccupied with thoughts of Harry and by the time she arrived home she realised that she was actually looking forward to a few days without him.  Maybe she would see about taking some Spanish lessons too.

She started working on the evening skirt first.  Melissa as usual had a deadline to meet and Margery did not want to let her down.   By now she had all Melissa’s measurements and unless the starlet had been dieting again or been on an eating binge it should fit her perfectly.  She made the pattern first then before she committed her scissors to the leather took a break and made herself a cup of tea.  It was important not to rush this part of the process.  She sat on the terrace and looked at the Mediterranean, it was a fine day and the sea was completely calm, the light reflecting from it in pale swathes that dazzled the eye.  A fishing boat was heading back to port and she could see a group of seagulls following the wash.  As she sipped the hot tea she studied her designs, she had decided to emphasis Melissa’s slim figure by designing a long, fitted skirt with slits up either side.  Amongst the newly acquired scraps were some long pieces of snake skin the colour of dull pewter, she would use them to make the design of a coiling dragon up one side.  Yes, she thought, Melissa would like that.
She had set up her machine in the guest bedroom overlooking the terrace.  Harry had moaned when she said she had to bring her machine to Spain with her.
‘We’re supposed to be travelling light,’ he said.  ‘Not lugging bloody great sewing machines with us.’
‘But Harry, you don’t understand, this is a really good machine, designed especially for sewing leather.  It may not be easy to find another one the same over there.’
‘Don’t be ridiculous.  How do you think they sew all those leather coats and handbags?  Of course you’ll be able to buy another one.’
‘Look Darling, I’m very fond of this machine.  I’ve had it since I started work and well, to be frank, I’m used to it.  I know all its little idiosyncrasies.  I don’t want to start with a new one now.  Anyway I’m sure it won’t cost that much to ship it over.’
‘Oh I suppose not.  OK, but I think you’re being ridiculous.’
And so the sewing machine had arrived.  It was true she was very fond of the machine, it was associated with so many happy memories.  Her career had not only given her a discreet but limited fame but had also made her many friends and acquaintances.   There was Irma, a Jewish woman from the Czech Republic who had a leather shop near Smithfields.  Margery always arranged her visits so that they could slip down to her favourite bistro in Covent Garden and have lunch together.  Irma was a large lady with a large appetite for steak and red wine and an even larger repertoire of stories.  She had come to England in the early sixties with nothing, spent a few years living the hippy life, smoking pot and sleeping around then became a disciple of the Maharishi after listening to him one balmy Sunday evening in Hyde Park.  Now she was a conventional businesswoman and had recently been tipped for the Businesswoman of the Year Award.  Then there was Jethro who moved out from London’s East End with his wife and two sons and bought a sixteenth century leather factory outside Guildford, where the river that they used to use to wash the skins ran right through the middle of the factory and a row of workers’ cottages lined the opposite bank.  There was Annette Lacroix, a Belgian designer who owned a string of boutiques and had once asked Margery to become her partner because she loved the uniqueness of her leatherwork designs.  Her offer had been very tempting but in the end Margery had preferred to go it alone.  
She sighed as she threaded up the machine.  By the time she had agreed to Harry’s plan to move to Spain she had had six machinists working for her, all women she liked and trusted.  It had been hard to say goodbye to them.  How could Harry think she could continue to work from here?  All her work had depended on having good relationships with people, clients, suppliers and employees.  Again she thought about learning Spanish.  If she wanted to move her business to Spain she would have to speak the language.

Time passed quickly in Harry’s absence.  The Harringtons called round to see if she wanted to go out for lunch but she refused, telling them firmly but politely that she was busy.  They looked a little put out at her refusal so she explained that she had some orders to finish while Harry was away. 
‘Oh really, Harry said you liked to sew but I didn’t realise that you were professional,’ Fred said offhandedly.
His wife was much more interested.
‘How lovely. perhaps you could make something for me?’ she suggested.
‘I’m not sure whether I’m going to continue with my work here or not, but come round one day by all means and I’ll show you the sort of things I design.’
‘Yes I will,’ Maisie replied, beaming at her husband.  ‘It’s time I had a new outfit.’
She was wearing skin-tight jeans of a garish pink, which she called fuschia, a white sleeveless blouse, tied at the waist in a large knot, pink sandals in the selfsame shade as the jeans with three inch heels that caused her to totter rather than walk and garlands of metal and bead chains around her neck.  If she was trying to look younger, she had failed, thought Margery, she merely looked like a tired old woman wearing her daughter’s clothes.  Yes she did need a new outfit but Margery was not sure that she would be the one to design it.
‘Yes OK,’ Fred replied automatically to his wife, no doubt having heard it all before.  ‘Look, come on Maisie, if you want to go to that new fish bar in San Pedro we had better get a move on.  Sorry you can’t come with us Marge.  See you later.’
‘OK.  Thanks for thinking of me anyway.’
‘We told Harry we would keep an eye on you for him.  You not knowing many people yet and all,’ added Maisie.  ‘You know I could introduce you to the women in my yoga group.’
‘Yes, possibly.  Goodbye then,’ Margery said, her body language indicating that the door was imminently about to close.
‘Goodbye my dear.’
Once they had gone Margery returned to her work.  They were a pleasant enough couple and Maisie seemed genuinely solicitous of her welfare but she just found she had little to say to them, the thought of spending an entire lunchtime with them on her own had horrified her.  Harry was a great conversationalist and she often found that she could just sit back and let him talk for them both, without him there as a catalyst the conversation would surely flag.  As she cut and pressed and pinned she thought about what Maisie had said.   Maisie knew lots of people, there was her yoga group, the women in her Pilates class, the gourmet dinner group they belonged to and of course the tennis club.  Besides which there were her neighbours, all could be potential customers if she decided to continue with her business.  It was just a question of building up a new network of contacts.

The next day was a Tuesday, the day of the weekly market in Fuengirola, so she decided to go along to see if there was a likely outlet for her clothes.  She parked her car in a side street and walked in the general direction of everyone else until she could see the market in the distance.  As she weaved her way past stalls stacked high with strawberries from Huelva, ripe red tomatoes, creamy yellow pumpkins sold by the slice, courgettes, broccoli, potatoes from the river valleys that bordered the town, sweet smelling oranges from Valencia, bananas from the Canary Islands, pink fleshed grapefruits sliced open to reveal their authenticity, it seemed on the surface that the market was the same as any other European street market.  There were stalls selling every kind of spice imaginable, spices for cooking, to add to stews, to flavour chicken, to colour the rice, saffron, turmeric, chilli, ginger.  Then there were herbs, culinary herbs, herbs to make infusions, herbs to cure ailments, to make you sleep, to help your digestion, to relieve flatulence, there was something for everybody.  She pushed on through the crowded aisles past stalls selling brightly glazed pottery, cut flowers and potted plants, past racks of cheap clothing, stalls with multicoloured cushions and polyester bedding, African traders selling “designer” sunglasses and fake handbags and numerous craft stalls. Fuengirola market had a reputation for handicrafts and there were people selling bead necklaces, hand painted scarves and jewellery made from semi-precious stones, one man had some presentable watercolours for sale and another carved wooden rocking horses, planing and smoothing his work while he waited for customers.  The market was very busy, there were people pushing and shoving to get through the narrow aisles between the stalls and the air rang not only with the cries of the Spanish stall holders offering “dos por uno”, “mejor calidad”, “ultima oferta” but also the chatter of tourists, English, Danish, Russian, French and German voices all vying to be heard.  Maybe this would be a good place to sell her leather work after all.  She stopped to talk to some of the stallholders and soon ascertained that she would need a permit from the town hall before she could set up a stall.  So she bought some strawberries and a kilo of oranges from an amply built gypsy woman then set off to talk to the town clerk.  She knew it would not be the same as working in London but it would be a start.  Right now she felt she wanted to get her teeth into something, however small.

That evening she telephoned Jenny.
‘Hi there, this is Jenny DeSouta.  Leave a message and I’ll call you back.’
‘Hi Jen, it’s Margery.  I’m going to have Melissa’s skirt finished by the end of the week.  Do you want me to post it or do you want to collect it?  Give me a ring when you get back.’
About an hour later the telephone rang it was Jenny.
‘Hi Margery, how are you?’
‘Fine, I’m having a rush of creativity while Harry’s away.  Melissa’s is finished and I’ve started on Mrs Rushton’s jacket.  She’s going to love it.’
‘Great.  Look, don’t post them, I’ll come and get them.  I could do with a break anyway.’
‘Wonderful.  I’d love to see you, it’s been ages.’
‘How about next week?’
‘Perfect.  Harry gets back in a couple of days and there’s nothing planned for next week at all.  I’ll make up the guest room for you.’
‘Great I’ll email you when I’ve got my flight details, OK?’
‘Yes and Harry or I will pick you up.’
‘Fine.   Look, sorry Margery, I’d love to chat but I’ve got to go out.  I only popped home to change and saw there was a message.’
‘No problem.  Going somewhere nice?’
‘Just dinner and then on clubbing afterwards.’
‘New boyfriend?’
‘Sort of, nothing serious.  Look we’ll catch up on all the gossip when I come over, OK.’
‘Yes fine.  Have a good time then.’
‘Bye Margery.  Be in touch.’
As Margery hung up the telephone she felt a tinge of envy for her friend, but it did not last.  She had had enough of the party scene, constantly meeting new people and having a succession of dates but never a serious relationship.  Now she had Harry and that was what she wanted.  She could imagine the scene in Jenny’s small flat, the discarded work clothes strewn across the bed, the search for something sexy but discreet to wear, the fancy underwear just in case, the ring on the doorbell to say her taxi had arrived and a last minute dash to change the contents of her handbag.  No not for her, what she wanted now was to get married and have a family.

Harry had been away almost a week and although she had enjoyed the brief respite she was glad to have him back.
‘Missed me Darling?’ he asked when she met him at the airport.
‘Very much.  Did it all go well?’
‘Yes, as well as could be expected, I suppose.’
Was she imagining it or did he seem upset about the divorce?  He certainly was not his usual ebullient self and there were dark rings under his eyes.
‘Did you see the children?’
‘No, I decided that it was probably best not to upset them.  Max said that Barbara’s solicitor had been in touch to say that all contact had to be through him.  Stupid prick, used to be a friend.  He was one of my best friends you know, now he contacts me through my solicitor, in writing.’
‘Well that’s what happens with divorces, friends have to take sides.  They can’t go on being friends with both, it doesn’t work.  They either take sides or they dump you both.’
‘He’s still a prick.’
‘So has a date been set yet?’
‘Sometime next month, he’ll write to me when he knows.  We have to wait six weeks for the decree nisi and then it will be all over and we’ll be free.’
‘Free?’
‘Free to get married.  I thought maybe an Autumn wedding or sooner if you like.  What do you think?’
‘Sounds lovely Harry, but let’s keep it simple, shall we, just you and me and a couple of witnesses.  And soon.’
‘Whatever you want my Darling.  By the way, I saw Chris and Gerry while I was there.  Chris has agreed to be my best man.’
‘That’s great.’
She beamed at him, at last it was going to happen.
‘Well he seemed the best choice as he’d already done the job once before.’
He laughed.
‘You know, practice makes perfect.’
She knew Chris had been Harry’s best man when he married Barbara, but it did not bother her, she liked Chris and his girlfriend Gerry.  He had accepted Harry’s decision to leave his family and not allowed it to affect their friendship, if he had an opinion on the wisdom of his friend’s actions he kept it to himself.  
She offered Harry the car keys.
‘Do you want to drive?’
‘No, you drive.  I’m feeling pretty knackered.’
‘How are Chris and Gerry?’
‘They’re fine.  In fact he says they’re moving in together next month, they’ve found a flat in Battersea that suits them both.’
‘They haven’t known each other that long, have they?’
‘No, only a few months, but as Chris says, why wait.’
‘So there might be wedding bells there as well.’
‘Maybe.  Somehow I’ve always thought of Chris as a confirmed bachelor.’
Geraldine was twenty years younger than Chris and if her photograph was anything to go by, rather beautiful.  Margery remembered Chris’s excited phone call telling Harry that he had met the woman of his life.  
‘So what have you been up to while I’ve been away?  Have you been to the new house?’
She pulled out into the traffic before answering him:
‘No, I haven’t had time.  Actually I’ve been setting up my new business.’
‘Already?’
‘Yes.  I’ve found some suppliers and I’m going to rent a stall in Fuengirola market.’
‘A market stall?  Is that really your style Margery?’
‘It’s just until I get going.  I have to find customers somewhere. I’ll be going there Tuesdays and Sundays.’
‘Sundays?  What about the tennis match?’
‘Well you’ll just have to play without me.  Anyway it’s only in the mornings, we don’t usually play until five.  I’ll have plenty of time to do both.’
‘Why don’t you take your stuff to the Corté Ingles and see if they’d buy it?’
‘No.  Now department stores are definitely not my style.  For a start they’d want more than I could possibly make and they’d want a consistency of design that I couldn’t promise.  All my designs are “one-offs”.  That’s how I can charge so much.  You’ll never see another garment the same.’
‘You won’t be able to charge much on a market stall.’
She glanced at him.  Why was he being so negative?  He knew how much her work meant to her.  She began to regret telling him about her plans.  It would have been better to have waited until they were at home, relaxing by the pool with a glass of wine.
‘As I said, it’s somewhere to start.  I’ll soon find other clients.’
She wished she felt as confident as she sounded.
‘Oh by the way, Jenny’s coming over in a couple of weeks.’
‘Jenny?’
‘You know Jenny, my agent.  You don’t mind do you?’
‘Why should I mind?’
‘No reason.  It’s just sometimes I get the impression that you don’t like Jenny.’
‘She’s OK.  Not really my cup of tea, but so what, she’s your pal.’
‘I thought maybe we’d take her to that new club in Mijas while she’s here?’
‘Good idea.  I’ll get Arnie and his wife to join us.’
‘So how was Max?’
‘He and Lara have split up.  Lara decided she had had enough of waiting for Max to propose so she’s gone to the States to work.’
‘Really.  How does Max feel about that?’
‘Not sure.  You know Max, he doesn’t say much about his personal life.’
Margery did not really know Max, she knew he was Harry’s solicitor and that he and Lara had lived in a tiny flat above his offices in Oxford for about fifteen years, but not a lot more.  No wonder Lara had got tired of waiting.  Fifteen years.  What did some men expect?

The next morning Rosita, her cleaning lady, arrived as usual, punctually at eight.
‘Coffee Rosita?’
‘Por favor, Señora.’
Margery poured her a large cup of strong coffee, topped it up with hot milk and two generous spoonfuls of sugar and took it into the bathroom where she had already started work.
‘Rosita, do you know any women who can sew?’
‘Sew?’
‘Coser.  Any women who like to sew clothes?’
She made sewing movements with her fingers.
‘Ah si. Muchas.  I know many woman that sew.’
‘And use a sewing machine?’
‘Una maquina?  Si.  Por que?’
‘I would like to employ one or two women to do some sewing for me.’
‘I will bring my sister here to talk to you.  She sews very well and my cousin too.’
‘Oh that would be wonderful Rosita.  Next week perhaps?’
‘Si Señora.  I will telephone you.’
She turned back to cleaning the sink. 
Margery felt a glow of satisfaction.  It was all starting to come together at last.  She would have lots to tell Jenny when she saw her.

CHAPTER 9

Barbara dropped the children off at school and turned into the High Street, heading towards the bridge.  Ian, their solicitor, had telephoned the evening before and asked her to come in this morning and sign some papers to do with the divorce.  Every time she thought about it she felt sick, even now there was a heavy lump in her chest that refused to go away.  She considered not going, as she approached the Causeway she slowed down, tempted to turn left into Station Road and take the back lane home.  She hesitated just long enough for an impatient motorist behind her to start pressing on his horn then pulled herself together and drove on over the bridge.  This was her rubicon, there was no turning back now.

She had known Ian Routh a long time, he had been a close friend of Harry’s.  They had played cricket together for years.  She choked back a sob as she remembered those lazy summer evenings, sitting by the village green with the other wives, drinking Brakspeare’s bitter and cheering their men on.
His office was on Castle Hill.  She had not been there before, there never had been cause to do so.  When she contacted him to say she wanted to divorce Harry, Ian had come round to her house immediately.  She thought afterwards that he seemed almost as shocked as she was at Harry’s betrayal.  Maybe Teddy was right, maybe Harry had kept the affair a secret from his friends.  She parked her car on the forecourt and climbed the scrubbed, stone steps.  His secretary looked up as she opened the door.
‘Good morning, can I help you?’
‘I’ve an appointment with Mr Routh,’ she said.
‘Mrs Wilkinson?’ she asked.
Barbara nodded.
‘Go right in, he’s expecting you.’
Ian got up the moment she entered the room.
‘Come in Barbara.’
He kissed her lightly on the cheek then retreated to the other side of his desk.  She sat opposite him, fighting back the tears.
‘I can’t tell you how sorry I am that it’s come to this.  I really thought Harry would come to his senses and ask you to take him back,’ he said.
She swallowed hard.
‘I don’t know that I could have done that anyway,’ she said.  ‘It’s hard to forgive something like that.’
Her throat was dry and her voice came out as a whisper.  She coughed.
‘Would you like some water?’ he asked.
‘No, I’m fine, really.’
‘I suppose we might as well get on with it,’ he said, pulling a file of papers out of the desk drawer.  ‘I’ve spoken to Harry’s solicitor.’
‘Max Atherton?’
Max was another close friend of the family, she wondered what he thought about Harry divorcing her.  All their friends would know by now, that kind of news had a way of circulating along the grape vine at an accelerated speed.  The thought of their pity was humiliating, she could hear them now.  Poor Barbara and the children, how will she cope on her own after all those years?  
‘That’s right,’ Ian continued.‘He says that Harry is quite happy for you to have the house, he will put the deeds in your sole name.’
He looked at her.
‘Is that all?’ she asked.  ‘What about the children?’
‘He’ll be obliged to pay for the children of course, I will work out the maintenance payments and let you know how much.  As for anything else, his solicitor says Harry does not have any money, apparently he did not get as much as he expected for his business and most of that has gone on buying a new house in Spain.  I will try to look more closely at his assets but now that he has become a Spanish resident, it is much more difficult.’
‘A Spanish resident?  When did that happen?’ she asked in astonishment.
‘According to Max they moved just before Christmas.’
So Harry was totally removing himself from their lives.
‘I don’t believe that Harry has no money, he was always very careful with money.  It’s an excuse so that he doesn’t have to pay me.’
‘As I said, I’ll look into it but it won’t be easy.’
‘So apart from the house, half of which is already mine, I get nothing?’
‘And the maintenance money for the children,’ he added.
‘But for me, nothing?  Twenty years of my life worth nothing at all?’
‘That’s the offer.’
‘But I gave up work to raise the family and support Harry,’ she added.  ‘And for that, I get zilch?’
‘That’s how the law stands, I’m afraid.  But you will have the house.’
‘It still has a mortgage, not much I admit, but it still has to be paid.  And what if I have to sell it in order to live?’
‘I would hope it doesn’t come to that, although, of course a smaller house might be more suitable in the circumstances.’
She did not reply, this haggling about money was more hurtful than she had imagined.
‘I will talk to his solicitor about the mortgage, if it really is quite small then maybe we can persuade him to pay it off  for you.’
‘That would help.’
‘Now, more importantly, about the children, your husband has agreed to give you sole custody of Tom and Sylvia,’ he continued.  ‘The good news is that he has not asked for any visiting rights or access to them.’
‘What?  He doesn’t want to see his children?’
She could not believe it, he was wiping them out of his life.  He did not want to see Tom and Sylvia who thought the world of him.
‘He says it’s for the children’s sake.  As he’s living abroad he won’t be able to see them on a regular basis, so he thinks it would be better not to disrupt their lives at all.  He emphasises that it is for their benefit and not because he does not love them,’ the solicitor continued, reading from his notes.
‘Fine.’
‘It’s for the best, Barbara.  This is much better than wrangling over who has which child and when, I can tell you it is always the children who suffer most when people get divorced.’
‘Tell that to his children.’
How on earth was she going to explain to them that their father never wanted to see them again?  What words could she use to soften his abandonment?
‘If you could sign these documents, Barbara, I think we’re finished for today,’ he said, pushing a wodge of papers and a pen across the table towards her.
She picked up the pen and signed each one where he had indicated with a cross.  She did not bother to read them, what did it matter anyway?  She knew what they meant.  This was her life she was signing away.  Now she would have to make a new one, for her and her children.

She needed someone to talk to, a sympathetic ear, so she rang Mary.
‘Hi?  Are you busy this evening Mary?’
‘Not really.  There’s a pile of ironing to do, but then there always is.’
‘Fancy popping round for a drink and a chat?’
‘Sounds nice.  Let me ask Bill if he minds.’
She heard her friend put the telephone down, sounds of children’s laughter came to her.  She could imagine the scene, Mary’s house was always in a state of turmoil, with children’s toys and clothes littering every available space.  Her husband was a big, jolly man who spent his days working hard for a local furniture company and his evenings playing with his kids.  His only other activity, as far as Barbara could make out, was to take a nightcap with his friends at their local pub.
‘Bill says that’s OK with him, as long as I’m back before the pubs shut.  Shall I come round now?’
‘Yes, why not.  I’ll put some Chardonnay in the fridge.’
‘See you in a bit then.’

Fifteen minutes later Mary arrived, a potted plant in her hand.  She was a pleasant-faced woman in her early forties and Barbara had often thought that she could have been very attractive if she paid more attention to her manner of dressing, which was to say the least eclectic and sometimes quite extreme.  Tonight she wore baggy striped trousers and, when she removed her green anorak, revealed a shapeless sweater in a brilliant blue, neither one complementing the other.  She must have noticed Barbara looking at her clothes because she said:
‘Didn’t bother to change.  I thought I’d get out before one of the kids decided they wanted to come with me.’
‘Come in, I’m sitting in the kitchen.’
‘Mummy, is that Aunty Mary?’ Sylvia shouted down.
‘Yes.’
‘Is Sam with her?’
‘No, Sam’s at home.  Get on with your homework.’
‘She never misses a thing that one,’ she added.
‘How are they?’ asked Mary.
Barbara shrugged.
‘They miss their Dad of course, but they don’t talk about it.’
She opened the Chardonnay and poured out two glasses.  Mary drank some of the wine then asked:
‘Have you done anything about getting your old job back?’
‘Yes I went to see them last week.  Of course my old boss has left, retired last May, but there were a few faces there that I knew.’
‘So what did they say?’
‘There is a possibility that there might be a vacancy after Christmas but I would need to retrain.’
‘Retrain?’
‘Yes everything is computerised nowadays so I would have to go on a government retraining scheme to learn some computer skills then do a four week course on the new library procedures.’
‘Are you going to do it?’
‘I don’t know Mary.  I may do the government retraining scheme because wherever I go to work I’m bound to need to know how to use a computer, but I’m not sure about the library job.  The pay is very poor.  It was alright before because we had Harry’s salary but now there’s just me I need to earn more.’
‘I see.  It’s difficult isn’t it.’
‘Yes because I’ve got the children to consider.  I need a job where the hours are such that I can drop them off at school and pick them up in the evening.’
‘You could get a child minder.  I know this lovely woman, Rosemary Biggs, she would look after them for you. She’s registered and everything.’
‘Yes but by the time I pay a childminder to look after two children I might as well take a job with shorter hours and collect them myself.’
‘I suppose so.  You’ll have to do the sums on that one.’
‘Anyway the first consideration is to find a job, any sort of job, so we can pay the bills.’
‘At least he’s left you the house.’
‘Yes there’s that and luckily we’ve been here so long that the mortgage is minimal.  We were planning to pay it all off before our twenty fifth wedding anniversary,’ she added.
The mention of wedding anniversaries caused her to sigh and she took a drink of her wine to stifle back the tears.
‘It’ll be alright Barbara, you’ll see.  Everything will work out in the end.’
She nodded, sniffled into her handkerchief and said:
‘Yes I know.  I’m not going to let the bastard ruin our lives.  We’ll do fine without him.’
She lowered her voice:
‘Do you know he doesn’t even want to see the kids, he’s not asking for any access rights at all.  I just can’t believe it.  It must be her influence, I can’t believe that Harry would make that decision on his own.’
‘That’s odd.  I know these things happen and people split up but usually both parents want to see their children.  That’s tough.  Do the kids know?’
‘No, what on earth can I say to them?  Tom keeps on about when is his Daddy coming home and won’t accept it when I tell him that his father has gone to live somewhere else.’
‘It’s hard for them to understand.  What about Sylvia?’
‘Sylvia doesn’t say much but she understands what is happening, her friend’s parents were divorced last year.  Now on top of everything Ian tells me that Harry is living in Spain.’
‘At least you’re not likely to bump into them in the street.  That’s what happened to Jill Stringer, she and the kids came out of M&S and walked straight into them.’
‘What happened?’
‘There was a lot of hot air from him, while he made a fuss of the children and the other woman slipped away.  Jill didn’t speak to him.  But then she never does, even when he comes to visit the children she ignores him.’
‘That’s dreadful.  Maybe you’re right, if they’re in Spain we’ll be saved all that.’
‘Don’t dwell on the past, is my advice.  He’s the one who’s taken this step, what he does is up to him.  What you need to do is think about the future and concentrate on your own life, yours and the children’s.’
‘You’re right.’ 
‘Have you thought of selling the house and moving to something smaller?  It must be worth quite a lot.’
Mary lived in a modern semi-detached in the centre of the town and had always envied Barbara her riverside home.
‘It used to be worth a lot of money, almost half a million, but now ...  I don’t know.  Nobody wants to buy riverside properties anymore, there’s too much risk of flooding and the insurance is astronomical, if you can get it that is.’
‘Why don’t you get an estate agent up to look at it?’
‘Yes I suppose I could do, but...’
‘But what?’
‘Do I really want to uproot the children from their home?  Don’t you think that they have had enough upheaval as it is?’
‘Well it wouldn’t hurt just to see what you could get for it.  Then you could buy something nearer to the centre of town and it would be easier for the children to get to school and everything.  There’s a semi for sale near me that looks quite nice.’
‘I may go down to Hartleys next week but just to get a valuation, nothing more.’
‘It’ll give you an idea, that’s all.’
‘I went to see the solicitor this morning,’ she said, ‘to sign the divorce papers.’
The words sounded so final, if only she could get past it.
‘That’s good then.  When will it be over?’
‘I don’t know.  Ian says as it’s uncontested it should go through pretty quickly, then there’s six weeks to wait for the Decree Absolute.’
‘I’ve never understood that.  Why the wait?’
‘According to Ian, it’s in case anyone changes their mind or something turns up that invalidates the divorce.’
‘So you’re still hoping then?’
Barbara looked at her friend.
‘No.  I wouldn’t have him back now.  It’s as though I’m seeing him clearly for the first time.  He doesn’t love me and he doesn’t care about the children, no matter what he says.  She’s welcome to him.’
She tossed back the last of the wine in her glass and refilled it.
‘Here’s to the future,’ Mary said, lifting her glass and touching it against Barbara’s.
‘To the future.’
Whether from the effect of the wine or Mary’s company, she was beginning to feel better, more positive.
‘Would you like some more wine?’
‘Just a spot then I must get back and check that Bill’s got the kids to go to bed.  They do play him up a bit when I’m not there,’ she said, smiling indulgently at her husband’s leniency.
‘Yes of course.  I wonder if it’s still raining.’
Barbara pulled back the curtain and peered out into the black night.  The rain was still lashing against the windows and she could see the willow at the end of the garden, its long trailing branches blowing towards the house.
‘It doesn’t look good.  Perhaps you’d better get off before the weather gets any worse.’
‘That might be a good idea, I don’t want to end up like you did last October.’
‘Don’t take the back lane, take the lane up to the main road.  It’s safer.’
Mary swallowed the remains of her wine and put on her anorak.
‘You’re sure you’ll be alright?’
‘Yes, I’m fine now.  Thanks for coming over Mary.’
‘It’s a pleasure.  Give me a ring if you need anything.’
‘I will, thanks again.  Drive carefully.’
‘Bye.’

The estate agent arrived early and was waiting for her by the gate when she returned.  She had spent over an hour trudging around the town, looking for likely employment and had got nowhere.
‘Good morning Mrs Wilkinson.  Lovely day isn’t it,’ he greeted her, an expansive smile across his wide face.
She knew him at once, he was a fellow member of the Parents-Teachers Association.
‘Mr Mills, I didn’t realise you worked for Hartleys.  How are you?  How is Cynthia?’
‘Fine thanks.  We’re all fine.  I have to admit I didn’t know that you were the Mrs Wilkinson I had to meet this morning.  Planning on selling this lovely place are you?’
He looked appreciatively at the view as he spoke.  Today with the sun glinting on the river the devastation of the previous months seemed minimal.  The water had receded almost to its original level and a light mist floated over the river.  The only sounds were the honking of a pair of Berwick swans and the distant hum of the motorway.
‘Yes it is lovely, isn’t it.’
‘Very peaceful,’ he agreed.
‘Would you like to come inside and look around?’
‘Yes please.  I’d prefer to see the inside first then look at the gardens, if that’s alright?’
‘Of course.’
She led him through the house room by room, pointing out changes they had made over the years and features that she considered good selling points.
‘It really is a nice family home, spacious and comfortable.  It should be very easy to sell,’ he said as they exited by the back door and walked through the vegetable garden.
He asked her a few questions about sewage facilities and road access then made a few calculations on his pad.
‘Of course you do realise that a few years ago you could have got almost a million for this property, but unfortunately nowadays people are a bit more wary about living so close to the river.  You are actually on the edge of the flood plain here.  Have you ever been flooded?’
‘The garden has, but not the house.’
‘Well that’s something.  After all you are on a bit of a ridge here.  What is it, two, three hundred metres from the bank?  Maybe it shouldn’t be too difficult to sell.’
While he continued to scribble on his notepad she looked around her as though seeing the house for the first time.  It really was rather special with its low gables and the original brick and flint construction.  If she sold it and moved to a modern semi in Molly’s Lane as Mary was suggesting she would have less room and no garden to speak of.  And was it really necessary?  Would she not be better to wait and maybe sell it if and when she really needed to?  Ian had telephoned to say that Harry had agreed to pay off the balance of the mortgage so she no longer had to worry about that.
As if reading her thoughts the estate agent continued:
‘Of course the way things are going I’m not sure that this sort of house will be very easy to sell in the future.  You probably would be best getting rid of it as soon as you can and buying something on higher ground.  We have a very nice housing estate going up just outside High Wycombe, three bedrooms, two bathrooms, small garden, double garage.  I could probably get you a good deal on one of them.’
He looked at her expectantly.
‘So how much do you think I could get for it then?’ she asked.
‘I should say somewhere between four hundred and four hundred and fifty thousand.  We could put it on at four fifty and see if there any takers.’
‘I see.’
It did not seem a lot.
‘Look Mr Mills I’m really sorry to have taken up your time but I’m not sure that I’m ready to sell just yet.’
She explained that her husband had just left her and that she was looking at a number of options.
‘I’m very sorry to hear that Mrs Wilkinson.  I always thought you seemed a very happy couple.  But don’t you worry, I quite understand.  At least now you have an idea of what it will fetch and if you decide you want to sell just give me a call.  Only please bear in mind that riverside properties in this area are dropping in value almost daily.’
‘Thank you Mr Mills.  I understand.’
He declined her offer of tea and left almost immediately.  She went back into the house and sat down in Harry’s study.  The desk was littered with old bills, cheque book stubs and bank statements.  She had never had much to do with the financial running of the house, Harry had seen to all that.  Now she had no option but to come to grips with it.  She looked at the mound of paperwork in despair.  Where to start?  Well, before she made any big decisions, like selling the house, she had to work out how much money they had to live on.  She set about putting the papers into some semblance of order and tried to draw up a working budget.
By the time she had finished it was almost lunchtime.  She felt exhausted, not from the actual work of sifting through the papers but from the anxiety that grew exponentially as she discovered what it had actually cost to run their lives.   Now that Harry was gone she would have to be much more careful how she spent her money.  One thing was glaringly obvious, she would have to find a job and soon.  Harry had left some money in their joint account but it was not much and would only see them through a couple of months at the most.  She had to tackle this job search in a more systematic manner.  She filed the papers away in the top drawer of the desk and pulled out a copy of Yellow Pages.  She flicked through it until she came to the entries for employment bureaus, ran down the list and highlighted all those in her area.  If she got ready now she had time to visit at least a couple of them before the children came out of school.

CHAPTER 10

The following week, when she arrived at the market people were already milling down the aisles and queues were forming at the fruit and vegetable stands although it was obvious that some stalls were still in the process of being set up.  Her pitch was at the far end between a home-made jewellery stall and an Englishman selling second-hand books.  As she pushed her way through the early morning shoppers something familiar caught her eye.  There was a man’s long, red and black leather coat hanging on a rack in the second-hand clothing stall.  She stopped and took it down to check it was what she thought it was.
‘Nice bit of leather that, love,’ a rather buxom woman said in a north of England accent.  ‘Designer made.’
She wore a canary yellow tee-shirt that strained at her rather ample bosom and a pair of jeans.  The money bag slung across her shoulder marked her out as the stall holder.
‘Yes, I know,’ Margery replied.  ‘I made it.’
She looked inside the neck for her familiar label, a rather fancy “M” and the legend “Made in London”.  It was one of hers, she remembered this one well.
‘Did you now?  Well I never.’
‘Where did you get it from?’
‘Oh the wife of this old pop-star brought a whole load of things down last week.’
‘Brian Red?’
‘Yes love, that’s ’im.  ’E lives in a big ’ouse on the way to Mijas.’
Margery turned the coat over.
‘So you know ’em do you?’ the woman continued.
‘Not now.  I made this coat for him a long, long time ago, when he had a big hit with “Keep on Loving Me”.’
‘I remember that one.  Lovely it was.’
She began humming the tune to herself.
‘So do you want to buy it?’ she asked at last, eager to make her first sale of the day.
‘How much?’
‘Well I have to be honest, it’s got quite a rip in it and the lining’s not too good.  How about five thousand pesetas?’
‘Four?’
‘OK love, as it was you who made it in the first place you can ’ave it for four.’
She picked it up, carefully folded it and put it inside a plastic shopping bag.
‘Changed a bit now ’e ’as.  Bald as a coot and fat.’
Margery remembered him clearly, a tall youth with dyed black hair and a penchant for anything red.  She had had quite a job getting enough red leather to make the coat but in the end it had worked out well by inserting long strips of black leather along the many seams.  The vertical stripes made Brian seem even taller and thinner but he was pleased with it.
‘’E owns that restaurant down on the promenade, “Krazy Kats”.   You can’t miss it, everything’s red.’
‘Yes, I know the one but I’ve never been in there.’
She counted out the money and picked up her package but the woman continued to talk.
‘’Is wife is nice.  She used to live near our old place in Whitby.  Very down to earth she is, not a bit stuck up for all the money she ’as.’
Margery wondered if his wife was the painfully thin, pasty-faced girl-friend he had had when she knew him.  Crystal she was called.  One day she rang Margery and asked her to make her a fur cape for a premiere she was going to in Norway.  A rush job she said.  Margery had sat up until midnight every night for the best part of a week designing, cutting and even stitching the cape herself so that she would have it in time.  When Crystal neglected to pay for the garment Margery was not unduly worried until two weeks later when the girl brought it back saying that she could not possibly wear the fur of a dead animal, it was so anti-Karma.  A few weeks later Margery was flicking through a magazine in her dentist’s waiting room and there was Crystal, hanging on Brian’s arm, wearing a beaming smile and the fur cape.
‘Is her name Crystal by any chance?’ she asked.
‘No, I don’t think so.  It’s Jean or Julie, I think, something very ordinary anyway, not Crystal.  I told you, she’s from Whitby.  What about you love, here on holiday?’
‘Me?  No, I’ve just taken a stall here.  Today’s my first day.’
‘’Ave you really, dear?  Leather is it?’
‘Yes, just a few bits and pieces to start with, just to see how it goes.’
‘Best of luck, love.  You’ll ’ave quite a bit of competition, what with all those African traders we get ’ere now.’
‘Like I said, I’ll just have to see how it goes.  Anyway I’d better get going.  Nice chatting to you.’
‘All that table, a thousand pesetas,’ the woman called across to two teenage girls rummaging through a motley collection of old skirts and tops.
She gave Margery a nod and moved over to watch her new customers.

First thing the next morning a taxi pulled up outside the front door and Rosita and her sister got out.  Margery was watering the begonias.  She turned off the hose and walked across to her visitors.
‘Volvere en una hora,’ the driver called out as he sped away down the drive.
‘Buenos dias, Senora,’ said Rosita. ‘That’s my brother-in-law.  He’s in a hurry because he has to pick up two children and take them to school in San Pedro.  He says he’ll come back for my sister in an hour.’
‘Hello Rosita.  Come in.’
She held out her hand to Rosita’s companion.
‘This is Encarnacion, my elder sister.  She sews beautifully.’
‘Pleased to meet you, Encarnacion.’
‘Encantada Senora.’
Rosita’s sister was a plump woman, with smooth olive skin and huge black eyes.  Margery guessed she was about forty.  She led the two women into the house and out through the French windows, so that they could sit on the cool terrace.  Encarnacion manoeuvred her ample body into a chair, pulled out a gaily painted fan and began fanning herself, vigorously. 
‘Que calor,’ she panted.
‘Would you like some tea?’ Margery asked.
‘Un poco de agua por favor.’
‘Only water?’
The woman nodded.
‘I will get it Senora,’ said Rosita and hurried into the kitchen.
Margery took a deep breath.  This was not going to be easy.  The sister obviously did not speak any English and Margery’s Spanish was still not very fluent.  However she would have to give it a try.
Rosita returned with a jug of iced water and three glasses.  She placed it on the table and sat down next to her sister.  The two women looked at Margery expectantly, waiting for her to begin.
‘Bien.  As I said to Rosita, I am looking for some women to sew for me.’
She looked at their faces to gauge their comprehension.  Rosita smiled and nodded, then turned to Encarnacion and rattled off a few words in Spanish.
‘This is the type of sewing I have in mind,’ Margery continued.
She pulled out a pile of old garments, everything from leather shirts, skirts, jackets and waistcoats to beaded bags and leather chokers.  The women picked them up and looked at them carefully.  Margery could see straight away from the way that Encarnacion handled the garments that she knew what she was looking for.  She turned to her sister and said something that Margery could not quite catch.
‘My sister says that this is very fine work.  She says that normally she sews tela, fabrics such as cottons, polyesters, linen, not piel.  But when she was young, before she married her husband, she worked for “Los Cueros de Ronda” and sewed handbags and slippers.  Nothing as fine as this but she does know how to handle leather.  She has a sewing machine at home but she says it is not suitable for this kind of work.’
‘I understand.  But if I had the right sort of machine, could she use it?’
Rosita translated for her sister.
‘Si Senora, no hay problema.’
Margery smiled.  So far things were looking good.
‘And does she know anyone else that would like to work for me?’
‘She knows one other woman who is very good with a needle.  She will speak to her and she will also ask her neighbours if they know of anyone else.’
‘Thank you.  That will be a great help.’
‘She wants to know when you would like her to start.’
‘Tell her, in a couple of weeks.  I will let her know as soon as I have everything ready.’
While Rosita passed on the message, Encarnacion smiled and nodded, all the while continuing to fan herself energetically.  Margery wondered how she would manage when she was sewing.
‘Now all that remains is to talk about money, dinero,’ said Margery.
‘Mas tarde,’ Encarnacion said, raising her hand to stop her from continuing.  ‘Ahora no.  Mas tarde.’
‘She says later we can talk about money later, when she knows what she has to sew.’
So she would like “piece-work” Margery thought.  Well that was probably best and certainly the simplest from her point of view.  She would have to work out a fair rate and put it to her next time.  She sat back and smiled at her visitors.
‘Is that all Senora?’ Rosita asked.
‘Yes, I think so, for now.’
‘I will go into the kitchen and start work.  My sister can wait in there with me until her husband returns for her.’
‘OK Rosita, that’s fine.’
She stood up and held out her hand to Encarnacion.
‘I’m very pleased to meet you, Encarnacion.’
Her tongue stumbled over the name.
‘I’ll let you know as soon as we can get started.’
Encarnacion heaved herself out of the chair and shook her hand politely, then still smiling and fanning herself, followed her sister into the house.

When Margery saw Jenny standing outside the arrivals hall with her suitcase she felt a rush of affection for her friend.  She had not realised until then just how much she missed her old life.
‘Hi, Jenny, over here.’
She waved across at her.
‘Good flight?’
‘So so.  Good to see you Marge.  My, how you’ve changed.’
‘Have I?  Is that good or bad?’
‘Good of course, browner, slimmer, blonder.  You look great.  And I like your hair short like that.’
‘It’s the only way I can control it, with this climate it just frizzes up.’
‘It looks good.’
‘You don’t look so bad yourself.’
She hugged her.
‘I’ve missed you, you know.’
‘What nobody nagging you these days?’
‘Only Harry.’
‘How is he?’
‘Good.’
‘Did he tell you we bumped into each other last week, at the airport?’
‘No, he never said anything about it.’
‘Yes, I was getting back from Dublin and he was on his way to his solicitor.  He suggested we have a quick drink together.’
‘How odd that he never mentioned it.’
‘Well that’s me, once seen instantly forgotten.’
She laughed.
‘So how’s things?’
‘Not bad, I’m starting to find my way around.  There’s some great places to buy leather here, and pretty cheap too.’
‘Good, I’ve got a couple of new orders for you, nobody you’ve met before but they could be good customers if we treat them right.’
‘Great.  Hey do you know who lives around here?  Brian Red.’
‘What the pop star that you used to design things for, the one with the dotty girlfriend?  Everything had to be red, that one?’
‘Yes that’s him, he has a bar on the beach.’
‘Oh we’ll have to go down and see him.  Do you think he’ll remember us?’
‘I doubt it, he was always stoned in those days.  I doubt if he remembers anything from back then.’

But she was wrong, Arthur Brian Sidebotham, as he used to be called back in his home town of Barnsley, remembered them very well.  Just as the stall holder had said, he had aged since Margery had last seen him, but he still had the style and panache of a pop star, there was no mistaking it.  It was a style she had seen adopted by other ageing musicians, people like Keith Richards, somewhere between grotesque and outrageous.  Personally she preferred to see people grow old gracefully, more like Billy Joel and Sting, but she could appreciate the need to keep the pop star persona going.  She saw instantly that Brian Red still had his penchant for all things red.  
Krazy Kats was not the most sophisticated restaurant that she had ever been in, it glowed like a small red button between the blocks of smart flats and canopied bars that lined the Paseo Maritimo.  She wondered that he had got planning permission to paint it so vividly.  Inside there was no respite from the colour, but she had to admit that otherwise the decor was pleasant there were wide, glass windows, that could be pulled aside in the summer, leaving the restaurant open to the cool breeze from the sea, the furniture was modern, lots of shiny chrome and ebony chairs and there was a gleaming white, marble floor.
‘Seems a bit Japanese, don’t you think?’ whispered Jenny.
‘Not according to the menu.’
She pointed to a chalk board with the daily specials listed:
Steak and Kidney pie
Fish, chips and mushy peas
Sausage and Mash
Lancashire hotpot.
Jenny laughed.
‘Surely people don’t order Lancashire hotpot on a day like today?’
‘You’d be surprised,’ a Yorkshire voice said behind them.  ‘People come here for a taste of home.  Our traditional English food is what keeps this place going.’
The two women turned to look at him.  He was essentially the same man he had been twenty years before, fatter, he no longer looked as though he were in need of a square meal, cleaner, sleeker and happier.  He obviously worked out on a regular basis and displayed his muscle tone by wearing close-fitting, sleeveless t-shirts.  As the stall holder had said, he had lost a lot of his hair and what remained was pulled back in a scraggy ponytail.  His face was deeply lined and still betrayed the ravages of his youth, despite the Mediterranean suntan that he had since acquired.
‘I know you, don’t I?’ he said.  ‘Your face is very familiar.’
He hesitated, staring at Margery.
‘Got it, the designer.  I knew it was you.  Maggie, isn’t it?’
‘Nearly, Margery.  How nice to see you after all these years.’
‘That’s it, Margery.  I never forget a face, photographic memory I’ve got.  Well, well.’
‘Do you remember Jenny?’
He reached out and grabbed Jenny’s hand.
‘Of course.  How are you doll?’
He beamed at them.
‘Sit down, here have this table, the best in the house.  Well what a surprise.  Let me get you a drink, what’ll it be?’
‘A couple of glasses of dry, white wine would be lovely.’
‘Toni, dos vinos blancos y uno para mi.’
‘So, you’re here on holiday?’ he asked, sitting down opposite them.
‘Yes, I am,’ said Jenny. ‘Just the weekend, sadly.’
‘I moved out here just a few months ago.  We’ve got a place on the way up to Ronda,’ Margery added.
‘Very nice.  Well this is a surprise, blast from the past.’
‘I was in the market the other day and I bought an old coat of yours,’ she said.
‘My red leather one?  I gave Julie hell about that.  She wanted to clear out some space for visitors she said, then it turns out it’s all my things that have to go.  Bloody woman, threw out all my gear from the good ole days, high heeled boots, some fantastic shirts and that coat.  I told her, “You throw out any more of my gear and it’s divorce,” I said.  Said they were all too small for me now.  I ask you.’
He sat up straight as he said it, pulling in his stomach and moving his shoulders back.
‘So you bought it did you?’
‘Yes, mostly for old times’ sake, but it was good leather and I thought I might be able to do something with it.’
‘Still in business then?’
‘I was until I came to Spain, things were going very well.’
‘Yes, she has Melissa Stanford and Ron Potts amongst her customers,’ Jenny said, taking a glass of wine from the waiter.
‘Melissa Stanford, she’s gorgeous.  Did you see her in “Tender is the Night”?’
Margery shook her head.
‘So ole Ron Potts has taken to wearing leather has he?  Still playing the clubs I hear.’
‘Yes, he’s doing alright I think.  He’s got a tour of South Africa next month.’
‘Has he, by God.’
Margery could detect a note of envy in Brian’s voice.  She knew how he felt.
‘Don’t you miss it Brian, the buzz, the applause, the fans?’ she asked.
He sighed.
‘Sometimes.  But I don’t miss the travelling, living out of a suitcase, hanging around airports, running my life around a timetable.  And I don’t miss the booze and the drugs.  I’ve been clean for years now.  Yes, I enjoy a drink with my friends,’ he raised his glass as if in a toast.  ‘But that’s all.  Living my life on the edge is over for me now.  Julie gave me an ultimatum: change my ways or she would leave me and take the kids with her.  I knew I’d no chance of keeping them with my record, so I checked into one of those fancy clinics and I’ve never looked back.’
‘Do you still play?’ Jenny asked.
‘We jam around sometimes, the boys and me.  Freddie Snow lives out at Estapona.  You remember him?  He was our drummer.  And Bert Little has a holiday house in Benalmadena.  The best guitarist on the Costa del Sol.’
‘And ukelele,’ added Jenny.
‘That’s right, doll.’
‘Sounds good,’ said Margery.
‘Yeah, we sometimes put on a bit of a gig for the locals.  Nothing serious you know.’
‘Maybe you could make a comeback,’ suggested Jenny.
‘Naw, when Davie died, we said that was it.’
Margery remembered reading something about a guitarist being killed in a car crash on the M1, that was it, lead guitarist with Red Katz.  Yes, now she remembered, the group was called Red Katz.
‘Red Katz.’
‘What?’
‘Your group was “Red Katz”.’
‘That’s right.’
‘Hence, “Krazy Kats”.’
She laughed.
‘Business good?’
‘Not bad.  We’re full most nights in the summer, then we have our winter regulars.  You’d be surprised how much the Brits like their routine.  We put on specials all through the winter, Monday is “pie night”, Friday is “fish and chips” and so on.  I can tell you who will be here on a particular night.  It gets so that, if someone doesn’t turn up, the rest of the regulars get worried that he’s died or something.’
He laughed.
‘Toni bring us the rest of that bottle, please.  So you’ve given up the design business then?’
‘No, not exactly.  In fact that’s one reason we’ve come here for lunch today.’
‘And the other?’
‘To taste your bangers and mash of course.’
He reached across the table and filled up their glasses.
‘Would you like to order now?’
‘Yes, alright.  Well, as I said, sausages and mash for me.’
‘Fish and chips for me,’ said Jenny.
‘OK, so tell me what your plans are.’
‘I’m sure you will recognize this when I tell you that I just can’t spend all my time sitting in the sun, swimming and playing tennis, as though I were on an extended holiday.  I have to have something to do, especially something creative.’
Brian nodded sagely.
‘Jenny has been great, keeping up the contacts with my old clients, but I realise that it won’t last forever.  I’ve got to find new clients here in Spain.  I’ve taken a stall in the market to get going, but really I want to get my business back on to its former level.’
‘So, how can I help?’
Margery hesitated.
‘I need some recommendations.’
‘You want an “in” with the rich and famous, is that it?’
‘I suppose so.’
He lit a cigarette and looked at her, thoughtfully.
‘I don’t really wear that sort of gear anymore,’ he said wistfully.  ‘I’m more the jeans and t-shirt guy these days.  I suppose I could start by introducing you to Julie.  She’s the one who likes to spend money on clothes, and she’s got lots of rich friends.’
‘Does she work in the restaurant?’ asked Jenny.
He threw his head back and laughed at the preposterousness of the suggestion.
‘No, Julie doesn’t work.  Julie doesn’t earn money, she just spends it.’
‘If you could speak to her, I’d be very grateful.  I have to admit I haven’t had the time to meet many people yet, we’ve been busy getting the house and garden straight.’
‘You should get out and meet them.  There’re plenty of wealthy people in your area.  In fact I’m sure Julie’s got some Swedish friend who lives up there, blonde girl with legs right up to her armpits.  On the road to Ronda, you said?’
‘Yes, about half a mile past the golf club.’
‘Just leave it with me.  I’ll have a word with her tonight and give you a ring.’
The restaurant was beginning to fill up and she could see Brian was becoming restless to attend to his customers.  She took a business card out of her handbag and gave it to him.
‘We’ve just had the telephone connected, so you can give me a ring ’ she said.
‘Great.  Ah, here’s your lunch.’
He stood up as the waiter arrived with their food.
‘Que aproveche,’ he said.  ‘Enjoy your meal.’
‘Thanks Brian.  Nice to see you again.’
‘You too Margery, Jenny.  I’ll be in touch.’
Then he hurried over to a group of his regulars at the bar.
‘That could be promising,’ said Jenny.  ‘You handled it very well, I can see you don’t need my services anymore.’
‘I’ll always need your help, Jen, even if it’s only to keep me on the straight and narrow.’
‘This is delicious,’ her friend said, putting a forkful of flaky white fish into her mouth.  ‘Maybe we’ll come here again.  And he’s not bad, either,’ she added, nodding her head in the direction of Brian.
‘Hey I need his wife on my side, remember.’
‘OK, spoilsport.’
She giggled.

Brian Red was as good as his word.  He telephoned Margery a couple of days later and said that his wife would be happy to meet her and introduce her to some of her golfing friends.  Now as Margery parked her Volvo in his drive, next to a white Mercedes, a red Porsche and a mini Cooper “S” she realised she had made a wise decision speaking to him.  It seemed that Brian’s taste had not extended to the decoration of their home and there was, she was glad to see, a distinct lack of anything red. 
Julie opened the door herself, she was a slim woman, with light brown hair brushed back from her face.  She wore pink Bermuda shorts and a matching polo shirt.  She seemed very ordinary, not at all what Margery expected the wife of Brian Red to look like.
‘Hello, you must be Margery.  Brian has told me all about you.  Do come through, we’re sitting outside.’
She ushered Margery through the house and into the garden, where a small group of women were sitting drinking wine.  They all seemed to be wearing golf clothes.
‘We’ve just been playing the Bennet Cup,’ she explained.  ‘So I suggested they all come back here for a drink and then they could meet you at the same time.’
She looked at Margery for approval.  Her voice was soft, with just the hint of a north Yorkshire accent.
‘That’s great,’ said Margery.  ‘Thanks very much.’
The women stopped talking as they approached and looked towards them.
‘Right, let me introduce you to everyone.  Listen up folks, this is Margery, she’s a top designer that Brian knew from back in the old days.’
Margery smiled and nodded at the expectant faces.  She felt uncomfortable, this was not really her style.  She had never been very good at selling herself, never had to be, she always had Jenny to do it for her.  She wished that Jenny had come with her, she could have done with her there right then for moral support.
‘Hello everyone.’
Julie launched into a round of introductions.
‘This is Laura, she’s a very old friend of mine and an excellent golfer,’ she stressed the word “old” and grinned.
Laura, despite her golfing attire, was immaculately made-up and wore some discreet, but very expensive jewellery.  Margery noticed a Cartier watch on her wrist.
‘Pleased to meet you,’ she said.
‘And this is my four-some partner, Arabel.  She’s married to the most gorgeous Arab prince.’
Arabel smiled and held out her hand.
‘You’re the only one who thinks he’s gorgeous.  He’s just a fat old bastard really,’ she said and laughed.
‘Muriel Spinks, she’s our Ladies’ Captain this year.’
Muriel was older than the others, with carefully groomed grey hair and a square jaw, Margery could imagine her marching down the fairway with her clubs over her shoulder. 
‘How do you do,’ she said, her accent one hundred percent Cheltenham Ladies’ College.
‘Nice to meet you,’ Margery murmured.
Was she going to remember all these names?
‘And this is Kirsten.  Kirsten’s from Sweden and I believe she’s a neighbour of yours.’
‘Hello Margery.’
Her handshake was firm and positive.
‘You too live on the way to Ronda?’ she asked, her perfect English tinged with a slight Scandinavian accent.
‘Yes, just after kilometre seven.’
‘Ah yes, I know it.  We are very close then.  You must come and visit me one day.  My house is the big wooden one you can see from the main road.’
‘I’d love to, thank you.’
Margery knew exactly which house she meant, it was more like a mansion than a house, if there were such things as Swedish mansions.
‘This is another good golfer, Eve le Brun.  She splits her time between here and Monte Carlo.’
A dark haired, petite woman in her early thirties stood up and kissed Margery on both cheeks.
‘Enchante.’
‘Hi.’
‘Zoe, another golfer and her sister Dawn.  Dawn doesn’t play, well not yet anyway.’
Dawn smiled awkwardly.  Margery thought she looked slightly out of it amongst these rather confident, sophisticated women.
‘There that’s all the introductions done.  Now, how about a glass of something?’
‘White wine would be fine thanks.’
Laura, who seemed very much at home in the Red household, pulled up a chair for her and then poured her a glass of wine.  Margery sat down, accepting the drink gratefully.  She still felt rather awkward.
‘You have a lovely home,’ she said to Julie.  ‘The garden’s beautiful.’
It was, a gentle lawn sloped down to a copse of tall trees and beyond it was a panoramic view of Marbella and the Mediterranean.  Just off to their left was a large swimming pool, surrounded by terraces and a pergola that was covered in sweet smelling jasmine, bignonia and dipladenia.  A black dog, stretched out in the shade of a lemon tree, lifted its head and looked at her, seeing she posed no threat, he let out a deep sigh and dropped his head onto his paws once again.
‘Brian’s very fond of the garden,’ said Julie.  ‘Not that he gets a lot of time to do much.’
‘That’s what you’ve got a gardener for,’ added Laura.
‘So, Margery, what kind of designs do you do?’ asked Arabel.  ‘Julie said something about leather.’
‘Yes, I work entirely with leather.  My label had become quite well known in London by the time I moved to Spain, and I’m still designing for my regular clients.  However it’s not quite so easy keeping up the close relationship I need with them when I’m living so far away.  I have an agent to help me with the London end of the business, but that’s not the same as personal contact.’
The women nodded in agreement, they all believed in personal contact.
‘What made you come to Spain?’ asked Zoe.
‘My husband, I suppose.  He wanted to live here.’
There was a murmur of understanding, this was something they could all recognise.  She knew then she had these women on her side.
‘So now you’re looking for new clients?’ asked Eve.
‘Yes.  I know that the life style out here is more casual than in other countries, but I still think that there are plenty of occasions when one wants something different, something just that bit special, something that no-one else has.’
‘So all your designs are individual?’ asked Arabel.
‘Yes, I only design for the top end of the market.  Each garment is tailor made to a design that is approved by the client.  Sometimes, with my old clients, I will present them with the finished garment, I know their tastes so well.’ 
‘Did you make that skirt you’re wearing?’ asked Muriel.
‘Yes.’
She had deliberately chosen to wear a mid-calf length skirt of fine, beige suede with a cascade of appliqué down the front panel, a matching cotton t-shirt and sandals.
‘I’d never have thought to wear a leather skirt with sandals,’ said Julie.
‘That’s the beauty of leather, you can dress it up or go for a very casual look.  Here in Spain, where people tend to be more relaxed about what they wear, it’s nice to adopt the casual look, but with that extra bit of panache.’
She could see them looking at her appreciatively.  Jenny would be proud of her, she was going to make a saleswoman yet.
‘Do you have anything else you can show us?’ asked Laura.
Margery took her portfolio out of her canvas bag.  It contained glossy photographs of almost all her designs.  She had compiled it for herself, to keep an on-going record of her work, but now realised that it was a good way of showing these women exactly what sort of standard she was talking about.
‘I’ve a few photos here of my designs, if you’d like to see them.  Obviously you can’t see all the details in a photograph but it will give you some idea.’
She passed the book to Eve’s eager hands.
‘More wine?’
‘Yes, please Julie.’
She was relaxing now and sat back in her chair, looking at the group around her.  Eve and Laura were leafing through her portfolio, Muriel was exchanging some golf club gossip with Kirsten, and Julie and Zoe seemed to be trying to cheer up Dawn.  Dawn had pulled a tissue out of her handbag and was blowing her nose noisily.
‘I’m so sorry.  I just can’t help it,’ she said.
Julie noticed Margery looking at them.
‘Dawn has the most dreadful problem with her house,’ she explained.  ‘They’re threatening to pull it down.’
‘My goodness, that’s awful.’
‘She’s moved in with me for a bit, so she can get away from it for a while,’ Zoe added.
‘Peter’s staying on for now, in the caravan.  He says he’s not going to let them get away with it without a fight,’ said Dawn, wiping her eyes. 
‘So what happened?’ Margery asked.
Dawn accepted another glass of wine from her sister and seemed to regain some of her composure.
‘I don’t really know,’ she said.  ‘We thought we’d done everything by the book, but now they tell us the house is illegal and it must come down.’
‘It’s ridiculous,’ added her sister.  ‘Peter was meticulous in getting all the paperwork.’
‘My husband used to be a civil servant,’ Dawn began.  ‘He worked for Harrogate Town Council and we had a lovely house in the best part of Harrogate.’
She sighed as if she wished those days were back again.
‘Anyway when they offered him the chance of early retirement he jumped at it, we thought it was our chance to fulfil our dream and buy a house in the Spanish countryside.  We came out on a few of those organised trips to look at property and eventually found exactly what we were looking for: our dream house.  Except it wasn’t a house exactly, it was a forty thousand square metre plot of land, overlooking a lake.  The constructor had already built five other houses in the area and had planning permission for ours and three more.’
‘It’s a beautiful spot,’ added Zoe.  ‘There’re mountains all around and pretty little white villages, it’s very picturesque.’
‘We never expected any trouble,’ added Dawn.
‘So what happened?  Did the constructor go bust?’
‘No, nothing like that.  We sold up in Harrogate, bought ourselves a caravan and moved onto the land, while the house was being built.  It was exactly what we wanted.  We didn’t mind living in the caravan, it was fun.  The construction went ahead just as planned and everything seemed fine.  We were really enjoying ourselves.
My husband is a very meticulous man, he went to a gestor and got him to tell him all the paperwork we needed.   We had the architect’s plans approved, permission from the town hall, approval for this and approval for that, the paperwork alone cost us a fortune, but we wanted to do it legally.  We’d heard of people cutting corners and ending up losing everything.  We didn’t want that to happen to us.’
She started to cry again.  Her sister put her arm around her shoulder.
‘There, there, it’ll sort itself out, you see.  They just can’t treat you like that.’
‘It’s so unfair,’ she wailed.
‘They put all their money into the house,’ Zoe explained to Margery.
‘So what happened?’
‘Well when it was finished they tried to get the electricity connected but the company said they needed one final paper from the town hall, confirmation that the house was habitable.  So they went to the town hall to get it and were told that the house was illegal, it should never have been built.  They showed them all the paperwork they had, most of it issued by the same town hall that was now saying that it was illegal, but they just said that there must have been a misunderstanding,’ continued Zoe.
‘A misunderstanding, what rubbish.  My husband went into it all thoroughly, he was a civil servant, he’s used to bureaucracy.  There’s no way he made a mistake.’
‘Anyway, they got themselves a solicitor, but nothing helped, the town hall would not give them the papers they needed.  So now it’s stalemate, they can’t get any electricity connected so they can’t live in the house.’
‘And now, on top of that, the Junta de Andalucia says that we have to pull it down.  They say that the town hall had no right letting us build there in the first place.  It’s such a mess.  We don’t know what to do.   Every penny we had is invested in that house.  If they pull it down we’ll have nothing.’
‘Can’t you go to the European Courts?’ asked Kirsten.
‘Our solicitor is looking into that, but he doesn’t think we have much chance.’
‘They’re not the only ones,’ Julie explained, nodding towards the weepy Dawn.  ‘There have been dozens of houses affected.  Local councils were so greedy for the money that they gave out permissions as though they were sticks of candy and now it’s all falling back on them.’
‘Yes, but it’s not falling back on them, is it.  It’s the poor house owners who are losing out,’ said Zoe.
‘They have prosecuted some of the mayors,’ interjected Laura.  ‘Look at Marbella.’
‘But nothing’s been done to help the people whose homes are affected,’ repeated Zoe.  ‘And there are plenty of other councils who’ve been up to the same tricks.’
Margery felt very sorry for this frail woman and her husband, they had gone after their dream and it had all crumbled around them.
‘Very nice, my dear,’ Muriel said, handing the portfolio back to Margery.  ‘Very nice indeed.’
‘Thank you.’
‘Yes, you’ve got some lovely outfits there,’ said Laura.  ‘Can I have your business card?’
‘Yes, of course.’
She opened her purse and took out a few cards.  Things were beginning to come together nicely.  Maybe it would not be so bad living in Spain after all.
‘More wine Margery?’
‘Why not.’

CHAPTER 11

While Margery was visiting the “Ladies of Leisure”, as she had nicknamed them, Jenny decided to lie in the sun and relax.  
Jenny had been Margery’s friend and agent for almost thirty years.  She had been born in Stepney, within the sound of Bow bells she liked to tell people, a true Cockney she insisted.  She had lived there all her life.  Her father had been a market trader and not having any sons to inherit his business had tried to instil in Jenny the skills necessary to do so: eloquence, persuasion and a quick wit.  He taught her how to read a customer’s needs and offer them what they wanted, he showed her how to keep abreast of fashion and trends, how to recognise a bargain and turn a quick profit.  While she was still a schoolgirl she worked on his stall at weekends and in the holidays then when she left school took a course in business studies.  She liked the hurly-burly of the markets but she wanted a job that would take her up in the world.  So she took a post in a club doing some basic book-keeping and that was where she acquired the reputation of being a Miss Fix-it.  She had a knack for solving problems, if someone wanted a blue Cadillac for the evening she knew who to call, if they wanted custom-made shoes or made-to-measure silk trousers she would tell them where to look, outrageous requests for a pet monkey or a tame jaguar were met with a smile.  No request was too difficult for her.
Then one day she met Margery.  She had been wandering through the market in Portobello Road when a display of elaborately worked leather bracelets caught her eye.  She immediately saw the potential in the work of the young woman standing there so, using her not inconsiderable persuasion skills, suggested she become her agent.  They had never looked back.
She lay on the sun-bed and opened the novel she had bought at the airport, one of those light romances that seemed ideal for summer reading, where the heroine is seduced by a holiday Lothario.  She smiled to herself, she would not admit it to anyone but she had been seriously tempted when she bumped into Harry at the airport.  She had always found him an attractive man even though he was not her usual type, she preferred her men more on the hunky side whereas Harry was slight and his features were almost effeminate.  She had always thought he fancied her, it was something about the way he never looked directly at her but would slip sly looks her way when he thought she did not notice.  She had a nose for these things.  

She knew he was coming to England to see his solicitor but she never expected to see him at the airport.  She had been walking across the concourse, in the direction of the car park, her overnight bag rattling behind her, when she heard someone call her name:
‘Jenny, Jenny.’
She stopped and looked round.  There was Harry, bounding along, his on-flight bag swinging from his shoulder and a big smile on his face.
‘Hi Jenny,’ he gasped.  ‘Fancy seeing you here.  Are you just off somewhere?’
‘Hello Harry.  No, actually I’ve just got back from a bloody awful meeting in Dublin.  What about you?’
He pulled a face.
‘Seeing the solicitor.  All this damn divorce rigmarole.  Be glad when it’s all over.’
‘Oh yes, Margery said you were coming to England, I didn’t realise it was today.  Are you here for long?’
‘Couple of days should see it through.’
‘Are you staying in London?’
‘No, I’ve booked a room at the Red Lion in Henley.’
‘Oh, very swish.’
He fell in step beside her.
‘Look if you’re not busy why don’t you come over and have dinner with me tonight?  We could catch up on old times.’
She hesitated.
‘I don’t know, I’m quite tired.  It’s been a pretty shitty day.’
She remembered with distaste the argument she had had with Brian O’Hara about the arrangements she had made for his daughter’s wedding.  Nothing was good enough, she had felt like telling him to buy her outfit from Clery’s if that was how he felt.  But of course she hadn’t, his wife was a good client and she was not responsible for her obnoxious husband.  Jenny had often wondered what the woman saw in him, probably the fact that he was chairman of one of the main Irish banks and filthy rich.
‘Well?’
She looked at him.
‘Go one Jenny, I really could do with some company.  I can’t face all this haggling over custody and money.  Why can’t it all be civilised?  You know, shake hands and no regrets.’
‘I really should get home, I’ve an early start tomorrow.’
‘You still have to eat,’ he said.
Something about the way he looked at her, almost pleading for her company, made her relent.
‘Oh OK.’
After all what else did she have to look forward to that evening?  A microwave meal and a bottle of wine in her flat, alone.
‘Actually that would be nice.  I’ve nothing in my diary until late tomorrow anyway.’
‘Excellent.’ 
He took her arm and began to steer her towards the exit and the taxi rank.
‘No need for a taxi, I’ve got my car in the car park,’ she said.
They changed direction and crossed the pedestrian bridge that linked the terminal to the car park.
In less than an hour they were in Henley.  He had to check in first, he said and then when that was done he suggested they have a drink in the bar.  The hotel was a red brick Georgian building, covered in dense wisteria, it had sat at the crossroads of road and river, in one form or other for over six hundred years.  The restaurant was in keeping with the rest of the elegant surroundings and the food was excellent.  They drank coffee and brandies in the lounge afterwards, sitting on a buttoned leather sofa, beneath the disapproving noses of some long forgotten patrons, whose portraits decorated the walls.  At around ten o’clock she decided she ought to go home, Harry tried to persuade her to stay the night but, although she was tempted, she declined.  She knew from past experience where that could lead, the last thing she wanted was to have an affair, however brief, with her friend’s husband.
She and Harry had talked a lot that evening, or rather, he had talked and she had listened.  That was what she did best, listen.  She had not realised before what a troubled man he was, the divorce was causing him more pain than he cared to admit.  It was the children, he said, he did not know what would be best for them.  She could not answer him, she, who had made such a mess of her own life, was in no position to give advice.

She had been only sixteen when she became pregnant.  The baby’s father was a lad who worked on the market, alongside her own father.  Bill was his name.  He was seventeen.  When she told him the news he packed his bag, told his mother he was joining the Merchant Navy and disappeared from her life forever.
She still felt that icy clawing in her stomach when she thought back to those days.  Her father had been furious, he said she had ruined her life and disgraced her family.  He never forgave her.  Right up until his death from a massive heart attack, at the age of fifty-eight, and despite the fact that by then she had made a success of her business, he never forgave her.  Her mother had brought up the child, a daughter, Rebecca, born with a congenital heart defect, while Jenny finished studying and went out to work.  It was a sign of God’s punishment, her father had said.  She had brought this on the child with her whorish ways.  He enjoyed quoting to her from the Old Testament about the sins of the fathers being visited upon their sons, or in their case, their daughters.  He prayed for her soul he told her, every Sabbath when he went to the synagogue, but he still did not forgive her.  Sometimes she thought that if only poor little Becky had been born a boy he might have warmed to her.  Not that he was ever unkind to his granddaughter, that was not the Jewish way, he just ignored her and he turned his back on Jenny.
Until she was eight years old, Rebecca was in and out of hospital for treatment, until at last they were told that her heart was as good as it would ever be.  She was a pretty girl, small for her age, with tiny features and her mother’s deep brown eyes.  Despite her poor health she was a happy, positive child and Jenny loved her dearly.  She decided she would devote herself to giving her daughter the best possible opportunities in life and that meant, first of all, sending her to a good school.  She found an excellent, private school in North London where Rebecca could board weekly.  It was expensive, but it was good and her daughter was happy there.  If Becky was happy then Jenny was happy.
Jenny never spoke to anyone about her daughter, she never mentioned it to her lovers as they lay side by side, talking across the pillow, she never confided in Margery.  Jenny had many acquaintances but few real friends.  She had always been too busy to develop or maintain proper friendships.  Margery was about as near as she came to a close friend.  It had not been easy living two separate and distinct lives, but by now it was second nature.  She had her up-market flat in Earl’s Court, which was her home as far as business associates were concerned, and her room in her mother’s white painted, terraced house in Stepney, which she shared with Rebecca at the weekends.  The latter was strictly private.
The way she looked at it, there was no need to complicate her life further by introducing a man into it.  So, inevitably, from time to time she was lonely and she slaked her loneliness with one-night stands.  She was careful never to get too close to anyone and she never opened up her heart to them, she listened, she enjoyed their company and she moved on.  Now as she lay there, contemplating the waving fronds of the palm tree, she was glad she had resisted temptation, he was Margery’s man and she was not interested in taking him away from her.

She heard Harry’s car pull into the drive and the sound of his footsteps on the gravel path.
‘Hi, Margery about?’ he asked.
‘No, she’s gone to visit some potential clients.’
‘Isn’t that your job?’ he asked, moving across to the bar and helping himself to a large gin and tonic.
‘She wanted to go on her own, they don’t know that she’s earmarked them as clients yet,’ she replied, smiling up at him, hoping to ease the atmosphere between them.
‘Do you want one?’ he asked, holding out the gin and tonic.
‘No, thanks, it’s a bit early for me.’
He sat down on a bench by the pool, swirling the ice around in his glass.
‘Look Jenny, about what happened.’
‘It’s OK, you don’t have to worry, I won’t say anything to Marge.’
His relief was visible.
‘Good, only I wouldn’t want to upset her, you know and well ...’
‘I know, but it’s not as though anything happened, is it.’
‘No, that’s right.’
He drank some of the gin then asked.
‘So you’re OK with it?’
‘Of course.  I don’t want to upset Margery any more than you do.’
‘Right.’
He shifted uncomfortably on the bench.
‘I think I might have a swim before Marge gets back,’ Jenny said, closing her book and getting up.
‘Fine.’
She left him sitting there, looking at the bottom of his glass and went to get changed.  When she came back he was gone.

Margery sat by the pool watching Jenny swim elegantly up and down.  Her brown arms cut through the water, pulling her forward rhythmically until she reached the end of the pool where a single movement took her beneath the surface to execute a graceful turn that propelled her away again, leaving scarcely a ripple behind.  Margery was pleased to have her there, at last she had someone she could confide in.  She sighed, this was all wrong.  She should be confiding in Harry, but recently whenever she wanted to talk to him about the things that were troubling her he had walked away.  Hiding his head in the sand she thought bitterly.
‘Penny for them,’ Jenny asked, pulling herself up onto the edge of the pool.
Her hair was plastered against her head, a slick, shiny cap and drops of water glistened on her arms like fine jewels.
‘Nothing really, just thinking how nice it is to have you here for a bit.’
‘Yes I have to admit I am really enjoying a week away from London traffic.  Not that I don’t love my job but it is nice to get away once in a while.’
She rolled sideways and flopped back into the pool, disappearing under the water before resurfacing with a laugh to splash water over her friend.
‘Come on lazy bones, the water’s perfect.’
She stretched her brown body and slid away on her back, her arms by her side, her feet kicking lazily.  Margery put down her book, removed her sunglasses then cautiously lowered herself into the pool.  The water was cool and refreshing.  She let herself float lazily by the steps for a few moments, allowing the water to caress her warm skin before striking out to join Jenny.
‘So how did you get on with the lady golfers?’
‘OK.  They’re actually a really nice bunch.’
‘Rich?’
‘Mmmn.  Some of them definitely.’
‘Good.  Did they like your designs?’
‘Yes, I think so.  They all took my cards and said they’d be in touch, so we’ll see.’
‘Well it’s a start, anyway.’
‘Yes, I think meeting Brian Red again may have been the turning point for me.’
She turned towards the house.
‘Come on Harry, come and join us,’ she called, as he reappeared to refill his glass.
‘No Darling, I’m busy.  Can I get you anything?  A glass of wine?’
Margery looked at Jenny, who shook her head.
‘Not for now, maybe later.’
‘OK, enjoy yourselves,’ he called and disappeared inside.
‘Where was Harry today?’ Jenny asked.
‘Actually I’m not sure, he said he had to meet Arnie about something then I think he went to the club to play tennis.’  
‘He doesn’t mind me being here does he?  It’s just that I’ve hardly seen him since I arrived.’
‘No of course not, you know Harry is very fond of you.  He’s got rather a lot on at the moment.’
‘Everything is alright between you two isn’t it?’ Jenny asked.
‘Of course it is.’
Margery turned onto her back and began to swim lazily away, her feet kicking up a tidal wave of her own.  Jenny followed.
‘Now come on Marge, you can’t get away with that, I know you too well.  Look, if you’ve got a problem, tell me.  It can’t hurt to talk it through can it?’
Margery stopped, she had reached the shallow end and sat on one of the steps, letting the water lap around her waist.
‘I suppose it’s this baby thing.  Harry just doesn’t seem to understand how much it means to me.  Now if I try to talk to him about it he loses his temper and storms out.’
‘I suppose he thinks it’s a challenge to his masculinity.’
‘Maybe, but I think it’s something more.  He just refuses to talk about having babies.’
‘Well he does have two children already, perhaps he doesn’t want any more.’
‘If that’s the case why doesn’t he say so?  Why does he keep avoiding the subject?  He says I’m always nagging him, but if he would only talk about it then I might understand.’
‘You know men don’t like talking about things that bother them.’
‘A bit like ostriches, you mean, burying their heads in the sand?’  
Jenny laughed.
‘I suppose so.  But are you sure that that’s all that’s bothering you?  I’ve noticed that whenever Harry mentions Arnie your mouth does that funny thing it always does when you’re annoyed.’
‘I’m not keen on Arnie I admit.  What funny thing?’
Jenny pursed her lips into a tight bunch.
‘I don’t do that.’
Her friend nodded her head.
‘You do.’
‘Anyway there’s something strange about Arnie, I can’t quite put my finger on it but something’s not right.  Harry says he’s a legit businessman but he seems a bit shady to me.  And I’m worried because Harry spends so much time with him.’
‘What about his wife, do you like her?’
‘She’s alright, a bit quiet but pleasant enough.  What can I say, if we were back in England she would not be the sort of person I would be friendly with, she’s not my type.  We talk about the weather and her dog.’
‘The weather, good God what’s there to talk about?  Sun today, more sun tomorrow.  Doesn’t she tell you what Arnie does?’
‘No, apart from the fact that he owns a few clubs she doesn’t seem to know much about her husband’s business.’
‘Don’t you think you’re being a bit paranoid about this?  If Arnie’s a club owner he’ll be making plenty of money anyway.  Why should he necessarily be involved in anything illegal?’
‘I don’t know, I just get that feeling.  You haven’t met him yet.  Wait ‘till you meet him, you’ll see what I mean.’
‘When will that be?’
‘Harry has arranged for us to go out to dinner tomorrow night with Arnie and his wife.  Arnie’s paying.’
‘Good then I’ll get to see what your bogey man is really like.  Now come on cheer up, why don’t you get us both a glass of wine while I plaster myself with some sun-cream?’

The restaurant was a bit too loud for Margery’s taste but Jenny loved it.  Their table was outside on the terrace, far below them was the coastal motorway and beyond that the lights of Benalmadena and the dark presence of the Mediterranean.  A round yellow moon cast its rays on the sea, picking up the white-topped waves as they lapped on the shore.  The air smelled of jasmine and dama de la noche.
‘This is wonderful,’ Jenny enthused.  ‘Look at that view.’
‘It’s even better by day,’ Arnie said, obviously delighted by his guest’s appreciation.  ‘Sit ’ere, then you can enjoy it even more.’
Jenny sat between Arnie and Harry while Margery and Arnie’s wife, Dorothy placed themselves opposite.  Arnie wore a white jacket with a black silk shirt and tight black trousers, his hair was slicked down with some sweet smelling pomade and on the rather stubby fingers of his right hand were two gold rings, one of which was set with an impressive diamond.  A faint film of perspiration lay along his top lip and from time to time he pulled out a large red handkerchief from his top pocket and mopped his face carefully.   He lifted his hand and snapped his fingers loudly.  Immediately a waiter was by their side.
‘Champagne, Adolfo and none of that cheap Cava crap, the real thing if you don’t mind.’
He beamed at his guests.
‘I like to drink the best.  What’s the point of ’aving money if you don’t ’ave the best, I say.  That’s right isn’t it Dorothy?’
His wife smiled.  She seemed an unostentatious woman, tonight she was dressed in a dark blue dress and wore a double strand of gleaming pearls at her throat.  Somehow, Margery thought, a blonde bimbo would have suited Arnie better but she had to admit that he seemed very happy with his unassuming wife.  Perhaps he saw enough bimbos in his clubs. 
The waiter returned with the champagne, Dom Perignon no less and Arnie nodded his approval.  While it was being poured a second waiter handed out the menus.  Margery’s eyes as usual went straight to the prices but no prices were listed, it was like Harry’s old joke: “If you have to ask the price you can’t afford it.”  She hoped that Harry had got it right about Arnie paying.
‘Great steak ’ere, best along the coast,’ she heard him tell Jenny.
‘Arnie always has the steak,’ Dorothy chimed in.  ‘Prawn cocktail and steak, he never varies.’
Margery looked at the elaborate menu and wondered why he bothered to come here, it was obviously not for the food.  She looked around at the other diners, from the glitter of the women’s jewels and the plethora of heavy gold Rolexes the clientele appeared to consist of the wealthier members of the community.  From time to time Arnie would raise his hand in greeting, a rather imperious wave she thought and occasionally someone would respond and come over to their table to shake his hand.  Arnie beamed his way through it all.  She wondered what exactly it was that Arnie was mixed up in, he seemed very much at home among the rich and famous.
‘So ’Arry, ’ave you told the little lady yet?’
Harry looked confused, he had already finished two glasses of champagne and was now on his third.
‘The job ’Arry, ’ave you told ’er about the job?’
‘Oh yes,’ he nodded.  ‘The job.’
His speech was a little slurred and she noticed that his eyes were taking on that all too familiar glazed look.
Arnie turned to Margery.
‘So what do you think?’
‘I think it sounds good, I’m sure Harry will do a great job,’ she replied noncommittally.
She knew that Arnie was expecting some show of gratitude on her part but a streak of stubbornness in her would not allow her to show it.
‘Monday morning ’Arry, eight o’clock sharp.  None of these funny Spanish hours, eight to five, a good old English working day.’
‘Don’t the Spanish mind working eight to five, especially in the summer?’ Jenny asked.
‘No idea.  Don’t employ any Spanish, can’t trust ’em further than I can throw ’em.  All Brits in my clubs, well except for the girls, some of them are Scandinavian.’
He winked at Harry.
‘You know, long legs and blonde hair.  The punters love ’em.  Then we’ve got a few Rumanians and the Philippinos, very popular.  But the rest are all Brits.  Know where you are with them.’
‘Do you speak Spanish?’ Jenny asked.
‘Yeah, enough to get by.  Don’t really need it in my line of work, everyone around ‘ere speaks English.  If they don’t then they don’t do business with me, simple as that.’
He waved a hand towards the waiter who was returning with a further bottle of champagne.
‘Even old Adolfo speaks English.  ‘’As to, or ’e’d lose most of ’is customers.  That’s right Adolfo, isn’t it?’
The waiter smiled politely and replaced the empty bottle with a full one.

Margery had little to say in the car on the way home, she had elected to drive but was now beginning to feel sleepy.  Jenny chattered happily at her side and she could hear Harry snoring heavily on the back seat.
‘The only problem about where you live is that it’s such a long drive home after a night out,’ Jenny commented.
‘What do you think of Arnie?’
‘Charming but a bit sleazy I’d say.’
‘Exactly.’
‘Doesn’t mean he’s into anything dodgy though.’
‘Oh come on Jen.  You’ve met him, I’m sure he’s up to something.’
‘He seems to think a lot of ’Arry.’
She giggled.
‘That’s what worries me.’
‘Ask Harry outright.  See what he says.’
‘I don’t think there’s much point, he just gets annoyed if I question him about it.’
‘Like I said, maybe you’re reading too much into this.  Alright so Arnie is not very cultured and maybe a bit rough but that doesn’t make him a crook.  I think you’ve been reading too many trashy novels.’
‘So you think there’s nothing in it?’
‘Even if he is using his clubs as a front for something illegal it doesn’t necessarily mean that Harry is involved.  Just relax Marge.  I’ve never known you to get so uptight over something.  You do realize that being stressed is not going to help you conceive.  And it seems to me that you are putting yourself under unnecessary stress over this Arnie business.’
Margery did not reply but the significance of her friend’s remarks did not go unnoticed and she determined to heed her advice.

Later, once Harry had gone up to bed, Margery and Jenny took their drinks out onto the terrace.
‘That was a lovely meal, thank you so much.  I did enjoy myself,’ Jenny said, relaxing back into the sun-lounger by the pool and sipping her wine.
‘Good, I’m glad you liked it.’
‘I don’t know what you’ve got against Arnie, he seems perfectly OK to me.  Quite charming in a rough sort of way.  There’s something quite sexy about powerful men, don’t you think?’
‘So you like him?’
‘Yes I suppose I do, he’s certainly very entertaining.  He’s promised to take me to see one of his clubs before I go back.’
‘Whatever for?’
‘I just thought it would be fun, I’ve never been to a strip club before.’
Margery lay back in her chair and looked up at the sky.   They had switched off all the main lights in the garden so as not to attract any insects and had to make do with the light of the moon, its pale reflection lit up the distant sea and cast a gentle light around them.  Above her she could make out the constellations of thousands of stars.  What was it about Arnie?  Was she the only one who thought he was a crook?  Even Jenny had been taken in by him.
‘Just be careful of him, is all I have to say,’ Margery said at last.  ‘There’s more to that man than meets the eye.’
‘I think you should get this baby business sorted out with Harry, I’m sure that’s what’s making you so neurotic.’
‘Neurotic?  I’m not neurotic.  I just don’t trust the man.’
‘Maybe if you didn’t have so many other things on your mind you would be able to relax more.  I must admit I’ve never known you so nervy before.  You need to get this straightened out.’
‘But how can I?  Harry won’t even discuss it, never mind go for any tests.’
‘There must be another way of tackling this.’
‘If you can think of one I’d be very grateful.  It’s getting so that I can’t sleep at nights.’
‘You know what they say: “If mountain won’t go to Mohamed then Mohamed must go to the mountain.”’

OCTOBER 1991
CHAPTER 12: PICKING UP THE PIECES
Julie had invited her round for coffee and a swim, but Tuesday was a busy day at the market and she did not want to forego it, so she agreed to call in for a drink on her way home.  She had started seeing a lot of Julie and her friends and found their company exhilarating.  They wanted her to take up golf but she had declined, using the business as an excuse but really because she had no interest in sport, she played a bit of tennis from time to time but even then she did not take it seriously and if there was one thing she had learnt about these women, it was that they took their golf very seriously.
‘Sorry I’m a bit late,’ she said as Julie led her through to the garden.  ‘I didn’t get away from the market until one.’
‘Starting to pick up Spanish habits, I see,’ Julie commented with a smile.  ‘It doesn’t take long to lose that sense of English punctuality when you’re out here, does it.’
Zoe and Dawn were already sitting in the shade drinking white wine.
‘Hi there,’ Zoe said, getting up and giving her a kiss.
Dawn smiled up at her, she still looked a bit depressed.  Margery wondered if there had been any developments with her house but was reluctant to ask in case it upset her.  She need not have worried, hardly had she sat down when Zoe began filling them in on what was happening.
‘Dawn and Peter are going back to England next month,’ Zoe told them.  ‘They can’t afford to stay here any longer.’
‘That’s a shame.  No news about the house then?’ Margery asked.
‘No, it’s stalemate.  They won’t even return the taxes and licence fees that we’ve already paid them,’ Dawn replied.
‘But that wouldn’t make much difference anyway,’ Zoe told her sister.  ‘That’s peanuts compared with the money you’ve spent on building the house.’
‘It would help, we’re absolutely broke.’
‘What about the developers?  What do they say about it?’ asked Margery.
‘Costa Build?  They couldn’t care less, they’ve made their money building the house.  What happens next is our problem.’
Costa Build, Margery had heard that name before somewhere.
‘Costa Build, are they a Spanish company?’
‘No, English.  We first got in touch with them back in England.  We saw their ad in the Sunday Times. They brought us out here on one of those flights where everything is paid for if you end up buying a property from them.  They seemed such a solid company.  Peter really checked them out.’
‘They probably are, after all they haven’t lost anything have they,’ retorted her sister.
‘Only their reputation,’ Julie added.  
‘So where will you go?’ asked Margery.
‘My brother-in-law’s got a big house in Somerset, we’ll go and live with him for a bit until we decide what to do.  Peter says it’s pointless staying here any longer, we’ll leave it to our solicitor to sort out for us.’
‘A Spanish solicitor?’
‘Yes, he’s very nice and speaks excellent English.’
‘But he’s not very effective, is he,’ interrupted her sister.
‘He explained that it takes years for things to go through the Spanish courts.’
She looked as though she was going to cry again.
‘We can’t afford to keep renting somewhere, we’ll just have to try to sort it out from home,’ she continued.
‘Peter’ll fly back when it’s necessary,’ added Zoe.
‘Not the sort of retirement you’d planned,’ Julie murmured.
‘No, not at all.’
Dawn sniffed and blew her nose.
‘Any more wine?’  Julie asked, lifting up the bottle of Rueda.
The women murmured their assent.
‘Margery, while you’re here I want you to give me some advice on what to wear to the Golf Club Ball,’ Zoe said.
‘Yes, good idea,’ added Julie.  ‘You can help me too.  It’s next month and it’s quite a posh affair.’
‘I’d be delighted to.’
‘Maybe you’d like to come, I can get tickets for you and your husband if you like.  You can be on our table.’
‘I don’t know, I’m rather busy at the moment.’
‘Yes, but you’ll get the chance to meet some more women, they’re not a bad bunch you know.’
‘I’m sure they’re very nice,’ Margery replied.  ‘I’ll have to speak to Harry and see if he’s got anything planned.’
She would love to go, it would be an excellent way to meet prospective clients and anyway she would enjoy an evening in the company of Julie and Brian but there was Harry to consider.  She knew what would happen if they both went, by the time they were due to set off he would be at best inebriated and at worst drunk.  He would spend the entire evening making inane comments and gazing around him glassy-eyed.  No, she could not face it, not in front of her new friends.
‘Give me the date and I’ll ring you,’ she said at last.

Harry was watching a re-run of an old film on Sky television when she got back.  He lay on the sofa, his shirt undone and a glass of beer in his hand.
‘Hi, have you eaten?’ she asked.
‘Not really.’
‘Shall I make us some pasta or do you want to wait for dinner?’
‘Cook some pasta if you like but I’m not really hungry.  I thought you were having lunch at that Red woman’s house,’ he added.
‘No, it was supposed to be coffee but by the time I arrived they were onto the wine.’
She moved around the room, automatically picking up empty beer cans and emptying the ash tray.
‘She wants me to make her something for the Golf Club Ball.’
‘Urgh.’
‘I’ve got a brilliant idea for a jacket for her, I found this pale green suede in Antequera last week.  It’ll be ideal with ....’
Her voice tailed off, it was obvious he was not listening.  She sat down in the armchair next to him.
‘Is everything alright Harry?  You seem very down these days.’
‘I would be if you stopped nagging me,’ he said.
‘Look, if it’s about having a baby....’
‘Not that old thing again.  When will you give it a rest Margery?  I’ve told you, if it happens all well and good.’
‘I was just going to say that if you’re unhappy about it then we’ll give up the idea.’
‘Look Marge, I’m not unhappy, I’m not depressed, I’m just tired, I had a late night last night and a lot to drink.  OK?  It’s as simple as that.’
‘Maybe you should cut back a bit on the booze,’ she suggested, timidly.
‘So now it’s the booze.’
He held up the empty beer can.
‘What harm can a few beers do?   Isn’t it enough to have me on this damned diet without cutting back on my beer ration?’
‘I wasn’t thinking of that, I was just thinking of you.’
Harry let out a snort of contempt and swung his legs off the sofa.
‘I don’t see you cutting back on the white wine,’ he sneered.  ‘Alright if I open a bottle of Rioja to go with the pasta, Mien Herr?  Or have you locked it all away?’
‘I’ll get the lunch on,’ she said.
Ten minutes later he came into the kitchen carrying two glasses of wine.
‘I’m sorry Marge, I don’t know what gets into me sometimes.’
He placed the glasses down and put his arms around her.
‘You know I love you, don’t you?’ he whispered in her ear.
She continued to chop the garlic as finely as she could.
‘So what is it?  You have to admit you haven’t been yourself lately.’
‘I know.  It’s just ...’
‘What?  The fact that you’ve got no job?  Or is it us?’
‘No, Darling it’s not us.  OK Arnie’s not come up with a job yet but I’m sure he will.  He’s got lots of irons in the fire, he’s planning to open an office in the Algarve.’
‘Portugal?’
‘That’s right.’
‘But you’re not planning on moving to Portugal I hope?’
‘Of course not, he’s already got a couple of guys lined up for that.  I may have to run over there from time to time, but that’s all.’
Margery breathed a sigh of relief, the last thing she wanted was to move just as she was beginning to make progress with her business.
‘Don’t worry, he won’t let us down.’
She suddenly thought about Dawn and Costa Build.
‘Is one of his companies Costa Build?’
‘Yes, that’s right, a development company.  Buys up land in the country and then sells it with planning permission.  Most of the time they do the build as well, but to the buyer’s specification.  That way the buyer gets the house he wants in the spot he wants.  It’s been doing very well.’
She tossed the garlic into the pan and stirred it around.
‘Why the interest?’
‘I met this woman at Julie’s, she and her husband bought some land through Costa Build and built a house but now it seems that they have to pull it down because it’s in an area where there aren’t supposed to be any houses.’
‘That’s odd.  Is it National Park or something?’
‘I don’t know, I just know that the Andalusian government are declaring a lot of houses in the area illegal.  It’s somewhere to the east of Malaga.’
‘Yes, that’s where Arnie bought a lot of land but I haven’t heard anything about the houses there being illegal.  Are you sure you’ve got it right?’
‘Pretty sure.  I just wondered if Arnie was mixed up in it.’
Harry pulled away from her.
‘You’ve really got it in for Arnie, haven’t you.  It’s not his fault if the regional government change the laws.  I know for a fact that all his properties have planning permission from the local Town Halls.’
‘But how does he get it?’
‘How do I know?  The usual way I suppose,’ he replied then added:
‘Look Marge, sometimes things get done differently here, especially in the countryside.  These local mayors are like little lords, they have control over everything that goes on in their towns and villages.  If you can get them on your side you’ve got it made.’
‘Alright, it just seemed a bit strange that’s all.’
Harry drank the last of his wine and poured some more into his glass.
‘Why can’t you get it into your head that Arnie’s a legitimate businessman and not a crook.  If you don’t believe me, ask him yourself next time you see him.’
Margery did not reply instead she tipped a tin of tomatoes into the pan and gave it a quick stir.
‘Julie wants us to go to the Golf Club Ball,’ she said.
‘Mmnn.’
‘Would you like to go?’
‘If you want to.’
‘So shall I ask her to get us tickets?’
‘Whatever you like, I don’t mind.’
‘I’ll wait until I know the date,’ she added.
‘Just as you like.’
He refilled his glass and sauntered out onto the terrace.
The water had started to boil, so she added the pasta and turned down the heat.
‘It’ll be about ten minutes,’ she called.
‘OK.’

The following day Margery drove across to Julie’s straight after breakfast.  Her friend was just about to go out.
‘Hi Margery, you’re early, we haven’t had our walk yet.  Do you want to come?’
She wore shorts and was in the middle of tying the laces on her trainers.  Her two black labradors were jumping up and down in excitement at the prospect of their daily walk.
‘Yes, I don’t mind.  I could do with a bit of exercise,’ Margery replied.
Julie attached the dogs’ leads and they set off for the beach.
‘I’m surprised you bother taking them out, you have so much land here they could take themselves for a walk.’
‘Ah, but that’s not the same, there are no nice doggy smells in my garden.  They like to go out and catch up on the local news, who’s been wandering around the area for example.’
‘And peeing, I suppose.’
‘Of course, that’s a vital part of doggy communication,’ Julie added with a laugh as first one dog, then the other peed on the same bush.
The path took them through the old part of the town and down to a part of the beach that was reasonably undeveloped and therefore deserted at this hour.  A silver Mediterranean lapped gently on the sand.
‘I thought that dogs were not allowed on the beach,’ said Margery.
‘They’re not really, you have to choose your time and place.’
She bent down and unleashed the dogs who, as though released from a trap, shot off in the direction of the sea.  Within seconds they were both crashing through the waves.
‘Are they alright in the sea?’ Margery asked.
‘Of course, labs love water.  They’re strong swimmers too, although those two are too lazy to do much real swimming.  They just like to cool off and play about for a bit.’
Already the dogs had tired of the water and they came running up the beach towards the women.
‘Watch out Margery,’ Julie called belatedly as the dogs shook themselves vigorously and a fine spray of sand and water showered over them.
‘Great,’ Margery said, looking down at her once immaculate, linen trousers.
‘That’s why I always wear shorts.’
‘I can see.’
‘You should get a dog Marge, they’re great company.’
‘I’ve got Harry, thanks, why would I want another creature to look after?’
But she smiled as she said it and the thought stayed with her, Julie certainly got a lot of pleasure from her animals.  
Margery had never had a pet, not even as a child.  Whereas her school friends had had gerbils and hamsters, or cats and her friend Alison had had a beagle, she had never even been the owner of a goldfish.  Her mother was allergic to cat hair and did not like dogs, so Margery and her sister had had to make do with their dolls for company.  Since leaving home the thought of owning an animal had never entered her head, she had been too busy with her work and later with Harry.  Now that the idea had been put to her it did not seem so strange, most of their neighbours had dogs, ostensibly to guard their expensive homes, but also because many of them were fond of their canine friends.
‘We’ll walk to those rocks down there then stop for a coffee, there’s a nice little cafe right on the beach,’ Julie told her.
The smaller of the two Labradors was rolling on her back in the sand.
‘Watch out, she’ll want to shake that off next,’ Julie warned her.
This time Margery was ready and skipped out of range before the sharp particles of sand could hit her.  The backs of her legs were beginning to ache from walking on the beach and already she felt tired so the thought of a coffee was welcome.
‘Did you speak to Harry about the Ball?’
‘Yes, he doesn’t mind.  What’s the date?’
‘15th November, it’s a Friday.’
This was the point when Margery could make up some previous engagement and avoid going to the Ball without offending her friend.  She hesitated.  No, she would accept and try to make sure that Harry was at least sober before they arrived at the Golf Club.   
‘That’s fine.’
‘Maybe when we get home you can stay for a bit and talk about what I’m going to wear?’ Julie suggested.
‘Yes, I’ve already had some ideas, I’ll sketch them out for you later.’
Julie beamed at her.
‘I knew you’d come up with something.’
She hugged her.
‘I’m so glad that you bumped into Brian that day.’
‘Yes, so am I,’ replied Margery.
It was true, Julie was becoming more than a good client, she was fast becoming Margery’s closest friend.

On the way home, Margery stopped at the newsagents and bought a newspaper.  She had left Julie routing through her wardrobe for some silvery-green sandals that were lost somewhere amongst the myriad of footwear that filled the lower reaches of that extensive storage area.  As she pulled into the drive she noticed that Harry’s car was still in the garage, she parked alongside and went into the house through the side door.  She could hear Harry talking to someone on the telephone.
‘OK, I’ll go over and see them before lunch.  What about the money?  Right.  He knows I’m coming to collect it, does he?  Well then there’s no problem.  Yes, I’ll ring you when I get back and let you know what he says.  No, I won’t mention the football ground unless he brings it up.’
Harry put the receiver down.
‘Who was that?’ Margery asked.
‘Arnie, he wants me to do a job for him.’
‘What sort of job?’
‘It’s nothing much, just delivering something.’
She said nothing but she felt he was hiding something from her.  She watched as he picked up his wallet and car keys.
‘I won’t be long, a couple of hours at the most.’
He kissed her lightly on the cheek.
‘Had a nice morning?’ he asked as an afterthought.
She nodded.
‘Will you be back for lunch?’
‘Not sure, I should be.  Why don’t we eat tonight, just to be on the safe side?’
‘OK.  I’ll cook some fish.’
She waited until he had gone then she sat down and opened the paper.  The headline that had attracted her attention was blazoned across the front page:
“Local mayor arrested on fraud and corruption charges.”
She began to read:
“The mayor of Beniche, in the Axarquia region of Malaga, Don Adolfo Rodriguez Garres, was arrested yesterday morning, accused of receiving bribes from a number of property developers in return for illegal building permissions.  At ten o’clock over a dozen police arrived to shut down the Town Hall and search the premises.  A number of other civil servants have also been detained and the police have stated that they will be questioning some local businessmen later this week.  At present no-one else has been named but it is thought that at least one well-known UK based property company is involved.”
Beniche, that was where Dawn’s house was, she was sure.  She picked up the telephone and dialled Julie’s number.
‘Hi, Julie, it’s Margery.  Have you seen the Sur?’
‘Yes, I’m just reading it.’
‘Isn’t that where Dawn’s house is?’
‘Yes.  It sounds good news, maybe they’ll get the whole mess sorted out now.’
‘I hope so.’
‘They’ve bought their tickets you know, they leave on Saturday.’
‘So soon, I feel so sorry for them.’
‘Yes and especially when you think that those people have made a lot of money out of this and now couldn’t care less about the mess they leave behind.’
‘Do you think they’re talking about Costa Build?’
‘It doesn’t say, but it could be.’
‘Julie, don’t say anything to Dawn, but I think Harry’s friend Arnie might be mixed up in this somehow.’
‘What?’
‘Harry told me that it’s one of Arnie’s companies.’
‘That doesn’t mean to say that Harry’s involved,’ Julie reassured her.  ‘He can’t be responsible for what his friends do.  Anyway that company was going years before you came out to Spain, I remember Brian looked at them once but decided against them.’
‘Very wise.’
‘Yes, well Brian may look like a bit of an idiot at times but he’s got his head screwed on OK.  Not many people can pull the wool over Brian’s eyes.’
‘Don’t say anything to anyone, will you?’ Margery pleaded.
‘Of course not.  Look Margery I’ve got to go, there’s a meeting of the Book Club this morning.  We’re discussing Kirsten’s choice, “The Edible Woman” by Margaret Attwood.  Have you read it?’
‘No.’
‘You should, it’s very funny.  Look, I must go.  I’ll ring you tomorrow.  OK?’
‘Yes, have a good time.’
Margery hung up the receiver.  Her stomach was churning.  She wished she had tackled Harry about it before he went out, now she would have to wait until his return.  She went into her workroom and pulled out her machine, as usual the best distraction was work.

It was after three when Harry returned, for once he was sober.  He kissed her briefly and went straight to his office.
‘I’ve just got a couple of calls to make,’ he told her.  ‘I won’t be long.’
‘Arnie?’ she asked but he did not reply.
She decided she would ask him as soon as he finished, it was as good a time as any and she would try not to sound too accusing.  If he became defensive she would not learn anything.
‘Everything alright?’ she asked when he reappeared.
‘Fine,’ he said, helping himself to a cold beer.
‘Did you speak to Arnie?’
He looked at her and shrugged.
‘What does that mean?’
‘He’s busy.’
‘Have you seen the paper?’ she asked and passed him the newspaper.
‘So?’
‘Are they talking about Costa Build?’
‘Look Margery, this has nothing to do with us.’
‘Are you sure Harry?  Has Arnie got you involved in something illegal?’
The words were out before she could stop them, but instead of being angry Harry just looked weary.
‘I swear to you Marge, I haven’t broken the law and for that matter neither has Arnie.  All he did was offer some incentives in return for guaranteed planning permission, it’s done all the time.  No Town Hall will give a developer a licence unless they donate a percentage of the land to the community.  The place I went to today is going to get a new football pitch.  Sometimes it’s a public park, if it’s a big development then it can be something like a local library or a community hall.  It’s their way of making sure the developers give something back to the community, everybody benefits.’
‘But what about the bribes?’
‘Now I don’t know anything about that.  I know I haven’t received anything except what Arnie tosses my way for being his run-around.’
He sounded bitter and for a moment Margery felt sorry for him.
‘But will the people whose houses are due to be pulled down get any compensation?’ she asked.
‘I’ve no idea.  As I said I’m just the messenger boy.’
He drank the last of the beer and threw the can in the bin.
‘Look Margery, I don’t know how deep Arnie has got himself in this but I’m pretty sure they won’t be able to pin anything on him.  It’s the corruption in the Town Halls they want to stamp out.  After all, all Arnie did was pay the taxes and licence fees that were asked of him, what happened to that money afterwards is hardly his fault, is it.’
He put the paper down on the table and turned the television on.  There was nothing else to say.  In a way she felt relieved that Harry was not as involved as she thought but another part of her was angry that he did not seem to be bothered by what was happening to people like Dawn and Peter. 
‘Maybe I should ask Brian Red if he knows of any work for you,’ she suggested.  ‘He has loads of contacts.’
Instead of dismissing the idea out of hand, he said:
‘If it will make you happy, go ahead.’
He picked up the remote control and changed channels, snooker.  Margery sighed and went back to her workshop.

Much to her surprise Harry was quite keen to go to the Golf Club Ball.  She had not needed to remind him, over breakfast he said:
‘I think I’ll wear my DJ tonight, if I can still get into it, that is.  Is it clean?’
‘I would think so, I sent it to the cleaners after we went to Cynthia’s wedding last year.  It’s still in its plastic.’
‘Good.  Arnie and Dorothy’ll be there,’ he added.
‘I didn’t know they played golf.’
‘They don’t, the Captain asked Arnie to sponsor one of the prizes.  He has to be there to present it to the winner.’
‘Oh, does that mean we will have to sit with them?  Only Julie and Brian have put us down on their table.’
‘No, you don’t have to sit with Arnie, he’ll be on the top table, with the Captain.’
He seemed annoyed so she said:
‘They’ll be plenty of opportunity to talk to them, I’m sure.’
‘Now why would you want to talk to my mate Arnie?  You usually go out of your way to avoid him.’
She was tempted to argue with him but she wanted him in a good mood today and was not going to give him any excuse to go off on a drinking binge.
‘I’ll go and check on your suit.  Which shirt do you want to wear?’
‘Any of the white ones, you choose.’
She picked up the dirty plates and dropped them into the sink on her way to the bedroom.  She had already chosen her dress for the evening, a low-backed, slinky number in electric blue.  

Harry was ready before her, and was sitting on the terrace with a gin and tonic in his hand when she came down that evening.
‘Wow, you look gorgeous,’ he said, giving a low wolf whistle of appreciation.
‘Thank you, you don’t look so bad yourself.’
His DJ fitted him perfectly, he had the build and posture to carry a suit with elegance.  He was still a handsome man, she thought, although she could not ignore the dark bags under his eyes.
‘Ready?’
‘Yes, I’ll just get my bag and we can leave.’
He swallowed the rest of the gin and tonic and got up, she looked at him.
‘Don’t worry, it was mostly tonic,’ he said.  ‘I promised you I’d behave myself in front of your precious friends, didn’t I?’
She slipped her arm through his and smiled at him.  If only he could keep his word.

Julie and Brian were already there when they arrived at the Golf Club, she could see their silver Mercedes parked outside.  The clubhouse was a very grand building, with marble floors, stone pillars and wood panelling.  The broad stairway curved its way up to the first floor, past walls lined with wooden boards, stencilled in gold lettering with the names of all the previous competition winners, Margery noticed Laura’s name on one of the boards as the winner of the Bamber Cup in 1987 and Muriel’s name appeared three times in succession in the seventies, she must have been quite young then, she thought.  At the top of the stairs was a rogue’s gallery of all the Club Captains, past and present, Muriel’s ruddy face beamed down at her from 1991.  The room allocated for the evening’s event would have afforded the guests a magnificent view of the golf course if it had been earlier in the day, as it was, all Margery could see was a floodlit putting green and the silhouettes of a number of tall trees.  The tables, each large enough to seat ten people, were decorated with white linen tablecloths, fresh flowers and candles.  Despite it being November the room had a fresh Spring-like atmosphere.
‘Over here, Margery,’ Julie called, waving to her.
She knew most of the people there, besides Julie and Brian there were Dawn and Peter, Laura and her boyfriend, whom she introduced as Robbie, and Zoe and her husband Rick.  Margery greeted and kissed them all, introducing Harry to those he had not met before and settling down eventually between Brian and Peter.
‘I thought you were back to England,’ she said, turning to Peter.
‘We are, this is just a flying visit to sort out a few things with the solicitor.  Zoe suggested we come along to the Ball as we were here anyway.’
‘So you won’t be here for Christmas?’
‘No, we fly back on Sunday.  I expect we’ll be at Dawn’s brother’s for Christmas, so there’ll be some semblance of normality, at least,’ he said sadly.  ‘Anyway, let’s not talk about that, I want to enjoy the evening.’
And enjoy the evening they did until it came to the prize giving.  They had just finished the dessert, a fruity concoction, covered in meringue and cream, and were placing their orders for after-dinner drinks, when the Captain stood up, he took hold of the microphone, tapped it a few times, muttered something then, happy that everything was working correctly, said:
‘Ladies and gentlemen, members and invited guests, welcome to the Golf Club Annual Ball, as you know this is a tradition started over twenty years ago by the then captain, Sir Thomas Brown.  Since then ....’
Margery’s attention began to wander, she did not know any of the people he was talking about.  She sipped her wine and stole a glance across at Harry.  He certainly seemed to be in a good humour this evening, he was warming a large glass of brandy between his hands, whilst he chatted animatedly to Laura.  He caught her looking at him and smiled.
‘I hope you have all enjoyed your meal,’ the Captain continued.  ‘How about giving a round of applause for the staff, to show our appreciation?’
One or two men grunted their approval and they all clapped their appreciation for the prawn cocktail and roast beef.
‘Now, before we begin the prize giving I would just like to say a word of thanks to our generous sponsors.’
A wave of his hand acknowledged the guests sitting at his table, one or two smiled and nodded.  She noticed Arnie smirking.
‘The Bamber Cup, donated by Evelyn and Martin Shaw.’
There was a ripple of polite clapping.
‘The Ridley Bowl, donated by Ace Golf Tours.’
More clapping.
‘The Wellington Shield, a new competition this year, given by Eddie Standing of Standing Electrics.’
Mr Standing stood and made a slight bow to the audience.
‘And last, but by no means least, the Dorothy Good Plate donated by her husband Arnold Good, of Costa Build.’
Arnie was beaming his appreciation at the Captain when an inebriated Dawn leapt to her feet and, before anyone could stop her, shouted:
‘Costa Build?  More like Costa Cheat.  You’re a crook, Arnold Good.  A dirty crook! What about the people you’ve swindled out of their life savings?   What about them?  You can go poncing about all you want, sponsoring competitions, toadying up to the committee, you’ll never get membership in this club no matter how many silver plates you buy.  Do you know why?  Because you’re a cheat.  We’ve lost everything because of you, our home, our savings, even our health.  You should be locked up.’
She would have continued if Peter had not got up and pulled her gently away.  Margery could hear her crying as he hurried her out into the hall.  Everyone but Arnie looked stunned, she saw him turn to his wife, mutter something, then laugh.  He seemed to think it was a big joke.  At last the silence was broken by the Captain saying:
‘Well, ladies and gentlemen, I’m very sorry about that outburst.  Let’s get on with the prize giving, shall we?  Right, the winner of this year’s Bamber Cup is Angela Stokes.’
A plump, young woman made her way to the front to receive her prize, amid enthusiastic applause.
‘She’s a great golfer,’ Brian whispered.
‘And popular by the sound of it,’ Margery replied.
People seemed to have forgotten the disturbance and the prize giving continued without any further interruptions.
‘What did Dawn mean about Arnie wanting membership?’ she asked Brian.
‘It’s almost impossible to get membership of the Club these days,’ he replied.  ‘It’s not a question of money, really, there just aren’t any vacancies.  It’s dead men’s shoes only.’
‘So Arnie is keen to be a member of the golf club?’ she asked.
‘He’s been on the waiting list for two years now.  I heard that they were considering giving him membership next year, but I doubt if it’ll happen now.’
‘Because of what Dawn said?’
‘Yes, they’re really picky about who they let join.’
‘They let you in,’ she said with a laugh.
‘Yes, but that was years ago, they were desperate for the money then.  Anyway, don’t be so cheeky.’
‘Why doesn’t he join one of the other clubs?  There are plenty about.’
She knew there were dozens of golf courses along this stretch of the coast.
‘Ah, but none as prestigious as this one.’
‘So it’s a question of snobbery?’
‘In a way.  Some of our members never even bother to play, they just like the membership so that they can bring their posh friends here for lunch and show off.  Which is OK, it leaves the course freer for those that do like to play.’
‘Like Julie and Laura?’
‘Exactly.  Although I shouldn’t complain about Julie’s golf, at least while she’s playing golf she’s not spending money.’
He laughed again and drank some more of his wine.  The band had begun playing and people were moving towards the dance floor.
‘Fancy a dance?’ he asked.
‘Yes, good idea.’
She glanced at Harry, Laura was leading him resolutely towards the dance floor.

CHAPTER 13

It was the month of the Eleven Plus exams and with the self-centredness of a normal eleven year old Sylvia was angry that her father had not waited until they were over before he had left them.  The teachers never told you which day you had to take the exam, they did not want the children to worry they said but the rumours were flying around thick and fast.  Everyone knew it would be sometime soon, then Ruth, whose mother was a dinner lady, said it was definitely that week.   
They were all packing away their books ready to go home, when their teacher, a kind young woman with a Scottish accent, said:
‘Right children, I want you all to make sure that you have an early night tonight and get here bright and fresh tomorrow morning.’
They knew she was telling them that tomorrow was their exam day and a buzz of excitement swept across the class until she rapped on her desk with her ruler and said:
‘That’s enough noise, quieten down children.   Now have you got all your things?  Right, class dismissed.’
They tumbled out of the classroom, chattering excitedly, the moment they had all been waiting for had finally come.  All their studying and hours spent working through practice papers would be put to the test the next day.

It was difficult to sleep.  Her mother made her a hot drink and told her to go to bed early so she would be fresh the next morning and do well in the exam, her mother knew how desperately she wanted to go to Wycombe High School.  Her best friend, Susan was already there, she was six months older than Sylvia and had passed the exam the year before.  She hated the fact that Susan was at another school, it meant that they only saw each other at weekends and in the holidays because Susan always had too much homework to come round in the week.
‘You wait until you get here,’ Susan told her.  ‘You’ll really have to work hard.  They give you loads of homework.  But don’t worry I’ll help you.  We can do our homework together.’
That was why it was so important to do well and then they would be together again.  They would take the school bus together each morning and even if they were in different classes it did not matter because they would see each other at playtime.  Yes she had to do well.
She rolled over and looked at the bedside clock, it was eleven thirty.  She was very thirsty.  As quietly as she could she got out of bed and crept down the stairs.  There was a light on in the living room, her mother was sitting in front of the television.  She was crying.  Sylvia did not know what to do, her mother did a lot of crying lately.  She went into the kitchen and took a bottle of water from the fridge then crept back to bed.

Sylvia so desperately wanted to do well but, when she sat down with the others, in the serried ranks of Formica desks that had been set out in the Assembly Hall especially for the examination, she could think of nothing else but her mother crying quietly before the television, oblivious to her daughter’s presence.  She picked up her pencil and started to work methodically through the papers but all the time it was as though her head was full of cotton wool and she could not think clearly.  By the time the invigilator had told them to stop writing and put down their pens she was barely finished.  She longed to answer just one more question but the woman’s eyes were on her and before she knew it her paper had been collected along with all the others.  The children filed out, blinking in the autumn sunshine.
‘How did you do?’ asked Amy, her new best friend since Susan had left.
‘Alright,’ she replied, but she did not feel confident.
‘I was dreadful,’ Amy wailed.  ‘I’m sure I won’t pass and we’ve got the Maths paper tomorrow, I’m hopeless at Maths.’
‘You’ll be alright,’ Sylvia consoled her.
‘I won’t.  I’m not as brainy as you.  You’ll pass easily.’
Everyone was bemoaning their performances, playing down their interest in being one of the selected few.  Sylvia was no different.

She missed being selected by two marks, it was nothing really.  Two marks.  Not selected, but what they really meant was that she had failed.  
‘We don’t use words like “pass” and “fail”, it’s more a question of finding the right school for each individual child,’ the teacher had told her mother at one of the parents’ evenings.
Call it what you liked she had failed, she would not be going to Wycombe High School with Susan.  Sylvia who had had excellent marks in every practice paper they had done was not going to go to the Grammar School.  She would have to go to the local comprehensive school in the town instead.  
She tried to hide her disappointment but when her mother began to console her it all became too much and she could no longer contain her tears of rage and frustration.  
‘Darling don’t cry, please.  It’s a lovely school and you’ll know lots of children there, Amy will be there as well.  You’ll still be able to see Susan, just like before and you’ll make new friends as well.  Come on Darling, it’s not as bad as that.’
‘It’s not fair,’ Sylvia blubbered unable to give voice to the feelings raging within her.
Her mother started to cry as well and they sat together hugging each other and crying until Tom came in wanting to know when he could have something to eat.

Barbara was just settling down to spend an hour on her computer course before it was time to round up the children for bed, when the telephone rang.
‘Hello, Mrs Wilkinson, this is Jane Phillips, Tom’s teacher.’
‘Miss Phillips, this is a surprise.  What can I do for you?’
‘I’m sorry to telephone you at home, but as you didn’t make our appointment yesterday, I thought it best to ring and see if there was a problem.’
‘I’m sorry, what was that?’
‘Our appointment, yesterday, after school.  I sent a letter with Tom last Friday.’
‘I’m sorry, I didn’t know anything about an appointment.  Are you sure you gave the letter to Tom?’
‘Most definitely.  And what’s more, I asked him on Monday if he had delivered it.’
‘What did he say?’
‘He said he had.’
‘Just a moment Miss Phillips, can you hold on?’
She put down the receiver and went into the hall, where Tom’s coat and satchel lay on the floor, exactly where he had dropped them when he came in from school.  She opened the satchel and peered inside.  What a mess.  She tipped the contents out onto the carpet, besides his rather battered reading book, a couple of exercise books and a well decorated pencil case, there was an empty coke can, an apple core, a pair of laces for his trainers, his black plimsolls, one football sock, his school cap, an assortment of chocolate wrappers, his empty lunch box, a dirty pair of blue shorts, two conkers, a piece of string, a stone with a hole in it, various football stickers and a grubby, white envelope.  She picked up the envelope, it had the school crest on it and it was addressed to Mr and Mrs Wilkinson.
‘Hello, Miss Phillips?’
‘Yes.’
‘I’ve found the envelope.  Look I’m very sorry, I’ll have a word with him right now.’
‘I still think we need to talk.  Could you make it tomorrow after school?  Say around four thirty?’
‘Yes, of course.  I’ll be there.’
‘I’m sorry to have had to bother you at home.’
‘No, please don’t apologise.  I’ll be there tomorrow.’
‘Goodnight then.’
Barbara went back into the kitchen and sat down at the table.  She opened the letter and read its contents.  What did it mean?  What was wrong with Tom’s behaviour in class?  And what was this reference to bullying?  Surely her sweet, quiet Tom was not a bully.
‘Tom,’ she called.  ‘Tom, come in here for a moment.’
Her son appeared in the doorway.
‘Mum, I’m watching something,’ he complained.
‘Sit down, will you Tom.’
‘It’s “Kali the Lion”, you said I could watch it.’ 
She held up the letter.
‘Oh yeah, I’ve got a letter for you from the teacher,’ he said.
‘So why didn’t you give it to me?’ she asked.
‘Sorry Mum, I forgot.’
‘Miss Phillips has just telephoned me.’
He started to play with Barbara’s study notes.
‘Leave those alone,’ she snapped.
He looked up, startled.
‘I’m going to see her tomorrow to talk about your behaviour in class,’ she said.
The boy said nothing.
‘Have you any idea why I’ve been summoned to see your teacher, Tom?’
He shook his head.
‘Are you sure?’
‘No, Mum.  Can I go now?’
‘Yes, go on, but clear up that mess I found in your satchel, first.  And put those dirty shorts in the wash.’
She went to the fridge, poured herself a glass of wine and sat down again at the table.  There was no point saying anything more to Tom until she knew exactly what had been happening.  She sighed and opened her course book again.

She could see that Mr Bates was not happy when she explained that she had to leave work half an hour early in order to get to the school by four thirty, so she promised to make up the time the next day.  It was not much of a job, serving cakes every day, but it was convenient and fitted in, more or less, with the school hours, neither was the pay very good but at least it was a job and she did not want to lose it.  Mary had agreed to collect Tom and Sylvia and Barbara was going to pick them up later.
The school was unusually quiet.  Apart from a group of the older girls playing netball in the playground, there was nobody around.  She made straight for Tom’s classroom and found Miss Phillips, sitting at her desk, marking a pile of exercise books.
‘Hello Mrs Wilkinson.  Thank you for coming.’   
Tom’s teacher was a young woman, probably in her mid twenties, she had a pretty, pleasant face and a gentle way of speaking.  Tom had always said how much he liked her.
‘Please sit down.  Mr Wilkinson couldn’t make it then?’
‘No,’ she said.  ‘So, what is this all about, Miss Phillips?’
‘I think something is bothering Tom.  He was always such a nice little boy, a bit quiet, but he worked well and he had plenty of friends.  Just lately things have changed and I can’t seem to get through to him.’
‘Changed?  In what way?’
‘Well he has become very disruptive in class, for one.  He can’t, or won’t, settle down to read in “quiet time”.  When we have a story he is constantly interrupting to ask silly questions.  And of course he loves it when the other children laugh at his antics, it makes him worse.  I don’t like to keep punishing him, but sometimes there’s no alternative but to send him out of the classroom.  Otherwise it’s not fair on the others.’
Barbara did not know what to say.
‘I wondered if you had noticed a change in his behaviour at home?’ she asked.
‘No, not really,’ Barbara replied.  ‘I suppose if anything, he has become a bit more clingy since his father left.’
‘His father has left home?’
‘Yes, I suppose I should have come and explained it to you, but to be quite honest, I have had so much to think about that I never got round to it.  The children seemed to be coping alright so I wasn’t worried.’
‘When did your husband leave?’
‘He left last year.  I filed for divorce about three months ago, it is due to be finalised next week.’
‘Well that coincides more or less with the start of Tom’s behaviour problems.  Now I understand.  I thought it was attention seeking, but I couldn’t see any reason for it to happen so suddenly.’
‘What else has he been doing?’ asked Barbara.
‘Well, and this is the reason I felt that I had to speak to you before it got any worse, he has started bullying one of the other children.’
‘That doesn’t sound like Tom.  Tom would never bully anyone.’
‘I’ve seen it with my own eyes, otherwise I would never have known.  I agree with you, Tom is not naturally a bully.’
‘What happened?’
‘There’s a boy in the class who is much smaller than the others, he’s only been here a couple of months and still hasn’t made any friends.  I thought, at first, that Tom had decided to befriend him, but then I realised that he was bullying this child into giving him his sweets each day.  One of the girls came to me and told me, so I waited until playtime and then I saw it for myself.  Of course I spoke to him right away, and I hope that that’s finished now.  But I thought it was necessary to speak to you about it.’
‘Yes, of course.’
‘Then there is the business with his scarf.  We have a strict policy about school uniform, so wearing his Chelsea scarf in class is against the rules.  Tom knows this, but he still insists that he wears it.  I don’t know what to do with him.  As you know, I spoke to the headmaster about it and it was he who suggested that we just ignore it, he reckoned that if we stopped giving Tom so much attention he would soon give up.  But now he’s getting worse.’ 
Barbara felt sick.  How had she never realised what Tom was going through?
‘I have to apologise for his behaviour, I can only assume that it is a reaction against his father leaving.  He wears that scarf all the time, you know, even in bed.’
‘How often does he see his father?’
‘Never.  His father has left the country.’
‘Does he ’phone him or write?’
‘No, we have no contact with him.’
‘So it’s possible he is feeling abandoned?’
‘It’s possible, but he still has me and his sister.’
‘Are you happy to talk to him about his behaviour?  Or would you prefer to have the school psychologist have a word with him?’
‘Oh no, he’s far too young for that.  I’ll talk to him.  I’m sorry, like I said he’s been fine at home, I had no idea what was happening at school.’
‘Maybe now we can work together and get Tom back on track.’
She smiled and stood up.
‘Thanks you so much for coming in Mrs Wilkinson.  I’m sure that things are not very easy for you right now.’
‘Thank you for letting me know about Tom.  I’ll have a word with him this evening.’

When she arrived at Mary’s house to collect her children, Mary was in the kitchen preparing their evening meal.  Her sister Muriel and her three children were there as well.  Barbara would have liked to have had a few minutes to talk to her friend about this new problem, but she could see it was impossible.   She dragged her protesting children away from their game and drove home in silence.
‘I don’t know why you have to be so mean.  We were having a great game with Sam and Jamie and their cousins,’ complained Sylvia.
‘Yeah.  Why’re you so mean, Mum?’ echoed Tom.
‘Just be quiet, the pair of you,’ she snapped.
How was she going to tackle this?  She had to let Tom know that his behaviour was not acceptable but, at the same time, she did not want him to think that she was turning against him as well.
‘Did you see Tom’s teacher, Mum?’ asked Sylvia.  ‘What did she say?  Has he been a bad boy?’
Barbara did not respond.  She could see Tom’s face in her rear view mirror.  He looked worried.
‘Bet you’re in trouble now, Tom,’ his sister continued.
‘Sylvia, how many more times do I have to tell you to be quiet?’ her mother said.
She could see Sylvia poke Tom in the side and laugh.  Tears were forming in his eyes.  Any minute now he would be crying.
‘Just stop that Sylvia, leave Tom alone.’
Maybe she should get Teddy to speak to Tom, he got on very well with his uncle.  No, that would mean leaving it until the weekend.  This was something she would have to do herself.

She waited until Sylvia had gone upstairs for her bath before she spoke to Tom.  He had eaten his supper, bathed and was sitting in front of the television in his pyjamas.  He looked the picture of innocence with his scrubbed face and neatly combed hair.  She sat down beside him and switched off the television.
‘I was watching that Mum.’
‘Tom, I need to speak to you.  You know I went to see Miss Phillips this afternoon.’
He nodded, his face suddenly serious.
‘She told me some things that have made me very sad, very sad indeed.’
She waited a moment then continued:
‘What I would like you to do is tell me why you have started being so naughty at school?  I thought you liked your school.’
Tom looked at the empty television screen.
‘Don’t you like school anymore?’
He nodded.
‘So why are you being so naughty?’
She could see the tears begin to trickle down his face.  She would try a different tack.
‘What do you think Miss Phillips feels like when you keep interrupting her stories?’
‘Cross.’
‘Yes, I expect she does feel cross.  And what do you think she feels like when you won’t read your book and you make jokes so that the other children laugh?’
‘Cross.’
‘I’m sure she is cross, but she also feels sad because she can’t do her job.  And what is Miss Phillips’ job, Tom?’
‘She has to teach us.’
‘Exactly.  And she can’t teach the children if one silly little boy is interrupting her all the time, can she?’
‘No.’
‘So what are you going to do about it?’
There was a pause then her son said:
‘Stop being silly.’
‘Yes, I think that’s a good idea, don’t you.’
He nodded again.
‘But that’s not all she told me, Tom.  And this is something that I find hard to believe.  She says you have been very nasty to one of the boys in your class.  Is that true?’
Tom would not look at her, but he nodded.
‘That’s not a very kind thing to do, is it?’
‘No, Mummy.’
‘What have I told you?  We must be kind to our friends or they won’t be our friends anymore.’
‘He’s not my friend.’
‘He’s in your class and he’s a new boy.  You should be nice to him.  He probably feels very lonely.’
‘He’s got no friends.’
‘Now wouldn’t it be nice if you asked him to play with you and your friends sometimes.’
‘He’s weird.’
‘Maybe he thinks you and your friends are weird.’
Silence.  She could see him pouting.
‘What if nobody wanted to play with you, you’d be sad wouldn’t you?’
Again he nodded.
‘Tom, I know you’re not a bad boy.  I want you to promise me, that when you go to school tomorrow, you will apologise to Miss Phillips and start to behave better.  OK?’
‘OK, Mum.’
‘You don’t have to be friends with someone you don’t like but that’s no excuse for making their life a misery, is it?’
‘No, Mum.’
‘Now wipe your eyes and give me a kiss.’
She leant down and hugged her son.
‘Can I have the telly on now, Mum?’
She smiled.
‘Alright, but just until half-past, then bed.’

Barbara felt numb and empty.  She had accepted Mary’s offer for the children to stay overnight and now, wandering around her empty house, she felt more alone than she cared to admit.  A momentous day was probably how Teddy would describe it, everything had gone well: the respective solicitors had handled it all very smoothly, dividing up the possessions of a lifetime with the minimum of acrimony.  Harry had agreed to her having the house and sole custody of the children and in return he would have the proceeds from the sale of his business.  The judge insisted that he pay maintenance for the children until they reached the age of eighteen but accepted his solicitor’s argument that due to the poor return from his business he could not support his ex-wife.  Barbara had sat next to her solicitor throughout the proceedings, nervous about the outcome but relieved that Harry had chosen not to attend.
When the judge awarded her the custody of Tom and Sylvia and she heard Harry’s solicitor say that his client had no objection to this she began to cry.  Anyone watching her would have thought they were tears of relief but actually they were tears of rage.  Did his children mean so little to him that he could dismiss them so easily?  She knew he was away from home a lot but he had always tried to make it up to the children when he was there, he seemed to enjoy their company.  She could not understand it.
In the end she decided she would tell the children that their father had wanted them to live with him, but the judge felt it was inappropriate because he had moved to Spain, maybe that would satisfy them.  It would be enough for Tom but what about Sylvia?  She did not like to lie to her daughter but she could not tell her the truth, it would hurt her too much.
She had just poured herself a glass of wine when there was a knock at the door.
‘Barbara, it’s just me, it’s Mary.’
‘Oh hello Mary, come in.  How nice to see you.’
‘I thought you might be feeling a bit low today so I thought I’d pop by.  Bill’s looking after the kids, so there’s no need to worry.  Actually it was his idea, he thought you could probably do with a bit of company.’
‘He was right.  Glass of wine?’
‘Please.  So how did it go?’
‘I suppose you could say it went well but I’m not sure it did.  In fact it feels like shit.  I suppose I’ll get used to it but right now it doesn’t feel like it.’
She poured Mary a glass of wine and topped up her own.
‘Have the children said anything?’ Barbara asked.
‘No, not really.  I caught Sylvia having a bit of a cry this afternoon when she got back from school but Tom has been fine.  I tried to explain to her that this sometimes happens between mummies and daddies and that it has nothing to do with her.  I told her that you both still love her as much as ever.’
‘Thank you Mary, you’re such a good friend.  The problem is whether she believes that when she learns that she won’t be seeing her father again.’
‘So he hasn’t changed his mind?’
‘I don’t say she’ll never see him again but he doesn’t want any visiting rights and he seems quite happy to go off and live in Spain with that woman, so it’s highly unlikely that she’ll see much of him.’
She explained what had happened in court that day.
‘Well maybe it’s for the best.  You’ll all be able to make a fresh start.  At least the kids won’t be tugged back and forth between you.  Perhaps he’s done it for them.’
‘I doubt it.  Just can’t be bothered more like.  Doesn’t want anything to interfere with his new life.  Well he may not want them but he’s going to have to pay for them.’
‘Maybe they’re planning to have a family of their own.’
‘I doubt it.’
‘How do you know?  I thought you said she was only in her late thirties?  That’s still young enough to have a baby.’
‘No, it won’t happen.’
Mary looked at her.
‘I just know he won’t have any more children.  Don’t ask me how.  I just know,’ Barbara continued.
‘OK, if you say so.’

She had barely arrived home, the children still spilling themselves and their belongings out of the car, when she heard the telephone.
‘732991,’ she gasped into the mouthpiece.
‘Barbara, is that you?’
‘Oh hello Phoebe.’
‘Is something wrong?  You sound out of breath.’
‘We’ve just got home, that’s all.  How are you?’
‘About what you’d expect for a woman of my age, all aches and pains.’
‘Oh I’m sorry to hear that.  Is it your arthritis again?’
‘Naturally.  Anyway I haven’t called to talk about my ailments.  I wanted to know what my son has been up to.’
‘In what way Phoebe?’
‘Is it right he’s got married again?’
‘I really don’t know.  Why ask me?  Wouldn’t you be better asking him?’
‘I would but he doesn’t answer my calls.’
‘What does Teddy say?’
‘Teddy seems to think he may have married that woman.’
‘Then he probably has.’
‘But why wasn’t I told about it?  Why weren’t Teddy and I invited to the wedding?’
‘I’m sorry Phoebe I really can’t help you.’
Barbara sat down on the arm of the sofa and slipped off her shoes.
‘So you don’t hear from him?’
‘No never.’
‘What about Tom and Sylvia, doesn’t he come to see them?’
‘No.’
There was a short silence then her ex-mother-in-law continued:
‘That’s very sad.  How are they?’
‘They’re fine.  I’ve just picked them up from their friend’s house.  I’m going to give them some tea and then take Sylvia to her ballet lesson.’
‘How are you managing?  Are you working now?’
‘Yes, I’ve got a job in the local cake shop, it’s not much but the hours are convenient.  I can drop the kids off at school before I go in and I’m finished by four.  It’s not bad for now.’
‘For now?’
‘I’ve started a government re-training scheme and once I’ve finished that I’ll start looking for something better.’
She remembered the patronising way the young girl at the job centre had explained how office procedures had changed dramatically since she had last worked.  
‘I take it you can use Word-processing?’ the girl had asked.
Then when Barbara had shook her head:
‘Spreadsheets?  Database?’
And when Barbara admitted, that in fact she had no idea what the interviewer was talking about, shook her head and said:
‘Employers expect to have everything done on the computer these days, even the design of their brochures.  I’m afraid we can’t offer you very much unless you retrain.  Everyone expects their staff to be computer literate these days.’
Barbara had accepted a leaflet on government retraining schemes and left feeling inadequate.
‘Retraining, oh I see.  Well I suppose it is a long time since you went to work,’ she heard Phoebe say.
‘Well I have been busy bringing up two kids,’ she snapped back.
There was silence at the other end of the telephone then Phoebe said:
‘Look why don’t you bring the children up to see me next weekend?  I haven’t seen them for a very long time.  I am still their grandmother you know.’
Barbara detected a softening in the old lady’s voice.
‘That would be nice.’
‘Sunday then, for lunch?’
‘Yes, we’d like that.  We’ll be there about twelve.’
‘Good.  Maybe Teddy will be able to come as well.  I’ll ring him right away.’
‘Look Phoebe, I’d love to chat but I must go or Sylvia will be late for her lesson.  We’ll see you on Sunday.’
Sylvia was distinctly displeased when her mother told her that they were going to see her grandmother.
‘But I can’t, I’ve arranged something else.’
‘You’ll have to change it then, I’ve promised your grandmother we’ll be there.’  
‘You and Tom go, I’ll be alright, Susan’s mum says I can stay with them.  She doesn’t mind,’ she said.
‘No, I’ve told your grandmother we’re going now, all of us.  You know she doesn’t like changes.  You can go to Susan’s another time.’
‘But we were going to go to the cinema.’
‘No.’
‘But Mum, I really want to see that film.  We’ve been waiting weeks for it to come to Reading.  Please Mum.’
‘No, Sylvia.  How many times do I have to say it?  Now stop making such a fuss and go and get ready.  Tom have you changed your trousers yet?  Hurry up or we’ll be late.’
‘Mum ...’
‘Not another word or you won’t see Susan next weekend either.’

The journey to Phoebe’s was fraught.  Sylvia refused to speak to her mother, ignored Tom completely, and when they eventually arrived, she flounced into the house and sat down in front of the television, without saying a word to anyone.
‘What’s the matter with her?’ Phoebe asked.
‘Oh, just ignore her, she’s annoyed because she can’t have her own way, that’s all.  Where’s Teddy?’
‘He’ll be along in a bit.  He’s had to pick up a colleague of his.  Some chap from the university that’s been staying with him.  I said why not bring him along for lunch as well.  One more won’t make any difference to me.’
‘That’s nice. Anything I can do to help?’
She was in the dining room setting the table when Teddy and Alan arrived.  Teddy’s partner was an attractive young man, with pale blond hair and even paler blue eyes that twinkled when he spoke.  His round, smooth face put her in mind of a public school boy, which he undoubtedly had once been.  Teddy introduced him to his mother as a friend from the department, and she was surprised to see Phoebe preening and smiling at him in a rather coquettish way.  It was a side of her ex-mother-in-law that she had not seen before.
‘Hello Uncle Teddy,’ Tom said, looking up from his football magazine.  ‘Hi Alan.’
Barbara saw Phoebe look at Tom in surprise.
‘We met Alan at Teddy’s house once, he likes football too,’ she explained.
‘Hi Tom.  No football today?’
‘No, Mum wouldn’t let me bring it.’
‘What have you got there then?’
He sat down next to the boy and they were soon deep in discussion about Chelsea’s latest exploits.
‘Teddy can you help me with the dishes,’ Phoebe said.
‘Right you are Mother.’
Once she had him in the kitchen with the door closed she turned to him and asked:
‘So is this the same friend that has been your lodger all this time?’
‘That’s right, Alan.’
‘I thought he was a student of yours?’
‘He was, but I don’t teach him anymore.’
Phoebe began to mash the potatoes, putting in a knob of butter and a dash of milk.
‘Everything alright in here?’ Barbara asked, opening the door.
This had been Teddy’s opportunity to tell his mother the truth about his relationship with Alan but when she looked across at him he just shook his head and frowned.
‘You can take this through,’ Phoebe said.  ‘And get everyone to the table.’
‘OK.’
‘Come on guys, lunch is ready,’ she called. 
‘I bet this is a rare treat for you Alan, having a roast Sunday lunch,’ Phoebe said, bringing the chicken to the table.
‘Teddy usually cooks a roast most weekends but not often chicken,’ he replied.
Phoebe looked at her son.
‘Is that right Teddy?  I never knew you could cook.’
‘Bit of a hobby, Mother.  Must take after you.  Would you like me to carve?’
‘Yes, please dear.  Come on children, lunch is ready.’
‘So you two see a lot of each other?’ she asked when they were all seated at the table.
‘We work in the same department Mother.’
‘Teddy’s letting me rent a room in his house,’ Alan said.  ‘Just until I can find a place of my own.’
‘Yes, Teddy told me.  So you’re looking for a house then?’
‘A flat more likely, something small and cheap.  Can’t afford much on a research assistant’s salary.’
Despite the wine that Teddy had brought and his efforts to keep the conversation flowing, the atmosphere was far from relaxed.  Only Tom seemed at ease and prattled away to Alan about various football teams and his favourite players.
‘No Dad today then?’ Teddy asked.
‘No.  You know your father he’s always out on a Sunday.’
‘He’s missing a wonderful lunch,’ added Alan, his mouth full of roast potatoes.
‘I’ll warm something up for him tonight if he’s hungry, but he usually doesn’t want to eat.  Waste of time cooking for him,’ Phoebe added.
For the first time in a long time, Barbara found herself wondering where her father-in-law went every Sunday.  When Harry had first taken her home to meet his parents she had seen his father briefly and they had spoken about his passion for football and the demands of scouting for new players.  It had all seemed perfectly normal.  But then, when he was always absent from family gatherings, even having to dash off to a meeting on Christmas Eve, she had asked Harry if there was something wrong between his parents.  He had just laughed and said, no, that was how his parents liked to live their lives.  Now the revelations about Harry’s secret affair had left her suspicious about lots of things.
‘So Harry’s married that woman then?’ Phoebe asked her son, as she dished some more green beans onto his plate.
‘Yes, last month.  They drove down to Gibraltar and were married in the register office.’
‘Hmph.  Didn’t bother to tell us.’
‘I expect he found it a bit difficult Phoebe,’ said Barbara, surprised that she was still apologising for her ex-husband.
Something in Phoebe’s attitude inevitably made her rise to Harry’s defence.  There had always seemed something intrinsically unfair in her constant criticism of her younger son.
‘Rubbish, just can’t be bothered with his family that’s all.  Self, self, self, just like his father.’
‘What’s for pudding Gran?’ Tom interrupted.
‘Bakewell tart.’
‘Yummy.’
‘Mum, I’m not hungry.  Can I get down?’ Sylvia spoke for the first time.
‘Oh yes, go on.’
‘It’s time you took that girl in hand,’ Phoebe said.  ‘Sulking and flouncing about like that.  What she needs is a firm hand.’
‘She’s alright Mother, she’s just going through an awkward age, I expect,’ said Teddy.  ‘It can’t be easy for her.’
Barbara was beginning to feel the strain of being with her ex-mother-in-law, a dull ache was forming somewhere at the back of her head.  She wondered what excuse she could concoct for leaving early.  She put her hand on her son’s forehead.
‘You look a little hot Tom.  Are you feeling alright?’
The boy did look a little flushed but he nodded his head and continued chatting to Alan.  Since he had discovered that Alan was a Chelsea fan he had not stopped questioning him about his favourite team.  Barbara tousled her son’s hair in a moment of affection, now that she had sown the seed, she would return to it later, after the dessert, and use it as a lever to leave early. 

Tom had measles the doctor said.  He had been very tearful and complaining that his eyes hurt and his head ached all the next day.  She had given him a Junior Asprin and sent him to school hoping that it was nothing but when she picked him up from Mary’s it was obvious that he was not well.  She drove him straight round to the surgery, where the doctor took one look at her son and declared that it was a straightforward case of measles.
She telephoned the cake shop as soon as she got home.
‘So I’m very sorry Mr Bates but I won’t be able to come in for a couple of weeks at least.’
‘A couple of weeks?   How am I going to cope with one person short?’
‘I know.  I’m really sorry but there’s nothing I can do.  I have to be with my son.’
‘Isn’t there anyone else who could look after him, your mother, an aunt?’
‘No sorry, there’s no-one.’
‘And how long do you think he’ll be off school?’
‘The doctor said at least two weeks.’
‘I’m not sure I can keep the job open for you that long Barbara?  I’m going to need a replacement.’
When she did not reply he continued in a kinder tone:
‘Look, leave it with me, I’ll see what I can do.  Maybe Sarah’s daughter can come in after school and help.’
‘I’m really sorry to let you down like this.’
‘Alright, I suppose it can’t be helped.’
‘I’ll let you know as soon as he’s better.’
‘OK.  I’ve got to go now, I’ve a shop full of people.’
She replaced the receiver and went into the kitchen.
‘Cup of tea, Mum?’
‘Oh Sylvia, that would be lovely.’
She smiled at her daughter.  She seemed to have grown up very quickly since she had gone to the secondary school.
‘Who were you talking to?’ Sylvia asked, handing her mother her tea.
‘Mr Bates.  He’s not happy that I’m not going in next week.’
‘Why don’t you get another job?’
‘What good would that do?  I’d still have the same problem whenever Tom was sick.’
‘Yes but once you’ve finished that computer course you can get a better job with more money and then you could pay someone to look after Tom.’
‘I hope you’re right.’
She drank some of the tea, Sylvia had put too much sugar in it, but she did not say anything.
‘Oh God, that’s another thing.  What am I going to do about my course this week?  I can’t ask Mary to come over, not with Tom being infectious.’
‘I could look after him,’ Sylvia suggested.
‘That’s kind of you sweetheart, maybe when he’s feeling a bit better.’
‘OK.’ 
The computer course was held in the local secondary school, two evenings a week, the rest of the time she worked at home.  It had been hard at first even learning the basics of the new technology but now she was much more confident and her keyboard skills were improving.
‘Anyway, in the meantime, I’ll take your advice and write to a few companies to see what they can offer.  It can’t hurt, can it?  I’ll do it next week.  Now, isn’t it time for your homework?’
‘OK Mum, I’m just going.’ 

Since the divorce Ian had been telephoning on an almost regular basis.   He was the antithesis of Harry, sober and serious, a tall thin man with a bookish look about him.  He wore immaculate suits that always looked freshly pressed, white shirts and discrete ties, his hair was perfectly cut and his soft brown eyes that peered through a pair of rimless spectacles suggested a kind heart.   She had become quite fond of him and it was becoming obvious that he was hoping that their relationship would change from one of client friend to something more intimate.   If asked she would have to admit she enjoyed his attentions, but something was holding her back.  It was too soon to commit to another relationship she told herself, the wounds that Harry had inflicted still needed time to heal.
‘Was that your solicitor?’ Mary asked, when Barbara came back into the kitchen.
‘Ian? Yes,’ she replied pouring her friend a second cup of coffee.
‘Everything alright with the divorce?’
‘Oh yes, that’s all done and dusted.  The Decree Absolute came through last month.’
‘So?  Why’s he still ‘phoning you?’
‘I’ve known Ian a long time.  He and Harry were at school together.’
‘That’s not really answering my question.  Does he fancy you?’
Barbara laughed.
‘Don’t be silly.  We’re just friends, that’s all.’
‘People our age don’t suddenly become friends with someone of the opposite sex without there being an ulterior motive.’
‘Well, maybe he’d like it to be more.  I don’t know.  I’m happy just having him as a friend.’
‘Is he married?’
‘No.  He’s never been married.  He worked overseas a lot when he finished university, voluntary work in Zambia I think.  Then he came back and began studying for the Bar and somehow he never found time to get married.’
‘Maybe he’s gay?’
‘No, I don’t think so.  He seems perfectly heterosexual to me.’
‘I see.  So has he asked you out?’
‘Mary, behave yourself.  You make me sound like a teenager.’
‘Well has he?’
‘We had lunch at Sloanes last week, to celebrate the divorce being finalised, that’s all.’
‘Wow, Sloanes.  That’s pretty pricey.  I bet he does fancy you.’
Barbara stood up and began to clear away the coffee cups.
‘OK Mary, how about we change the subject?’
‘Don’t be such a spoilsport Babs.  This is the best bit of gossip I’ve heard in a long time.’
‘Now don’t start telling everyone.  I’m telling you it’s nothing really, we’re just friends.’
‘OK, OK, if you say so.’
‘Don’t start telling anyone what?’ Sylvia asked, coming in and opening the refrigerator.  ‘Mum what’s to eat?  I’m starving.’
‘Have a yogurt or there’s some cheese on the top shelf,’ Barbara replied, loading the cups into the dishwasher. 
‘Your Mum’s got an admirer,’ Mary whispered conspiratorially.
‘Oh, you mean Uncle Ian?’
Barbara looked up in surprise.
‘Don’t look like that Mum.  We know he fancies you, it’s obvious.  Aren’t there any strawberry yogurts?  You know I don’t like kiwi.’
‘Tom finished the last one this morning.’
‘See, I told you,’ Mary said with a laugh.
‘I don’t want to talk about it anymore Mary.  Anyway I must get on, I’ve got homework to do.’
‘Oh your course, how’s it going?’
‘Great, I’m really enjoying it and to be honest it’s nowhere near as difficult as I thought it would be.’
‘When do you finish?’
‘I’ve got another six weeks then we have an exam.  My big worry at the moment is where to find the money to buy a computer.  I can’t really do it properly without my own computer.’
‘Ask the bank manager if he’ll give you a loan.  If you tell him it’s for a computer so that you can work from home I’m sure he’d agree.’
‘I don’t know.  I’ve already got an overdraft.  I’m frightened of getting into too much debt because I don’t know how I’ll get out of it.  We just about manage as it is.’
‘It’s worth a try.  Why don’t you call in, on your way to work, tomorrow.  Take him a bag of cakes.’
‘I wish it were that easy.’
‘Oh well I’ll leave you to your studies, both of you,’ Mary said, getting up and reaching for her coat.  ‘Thanks for the coffee.  See you on Friday then.’
‘OK.  ‘Bye Mary.’
‘Goodbye Aunty Mary.’

MAY 1994

CHAPTER 14: GREEN TOMATO CHUTNEY

The woman in the herboristeria had recommended he take one or two grams a day for at least a month.  She placed the bags on the kitchen table: white muesli, ipomea digitata, bala, mucuma pruriens and ashwagangha.  None of the names were familiar to Margery but she was assured that if she mixed together any three of them in equal parts and gave it to him as stated she would soon be pregnant.  It seemed a bit like witchcraft but she was desperate, she had to try something.  She was thirty nine, soon to be forty, if she did not do something soon it would be too late.  She had been back to England for tests but everyone said there was nothing wrong with her, they could find no reason why she could not conceive.  If only Harry were more understanding, all he would say was that if it was going to happen it would happen.  She joined Fertility Friend and exchanged ideas with fellow sufferers on the internet.  She bought books that told her how to take her temperature and gauge the best moment in the ovulation cycle to have sex, she gave up alcohol and insisted on having at least eight hours sleep a day.  She avoided smoky environments and insisted that Harry do the same.  She fed him food high in antioxidants, lots of fruit and vegetables, she gave him vitamins E and C to improve his fertility and zinc and folic acid to increase his sperm count, she read that selenium improved the swimming of the sperm and made him take that as well.  She took them all and more herself and each morning the tablets and powders were laid out on the breakfast table in little coloured rows alongside their organic muesli and goats’ milk.  She threw out his slips and bought him boxer shorts, she insisted he eat less seafood in case it was contaminated with mercury and she banned pesticides from the house.  Harry went along with it all, occasionally he grumbled when she would not let him use the fly spray or when he was bitten by mosquitoes, and he insisted that her ban on seafood was going a bit too far, but generally he was happy to assist her as much as he could.  The only thing he would not do was go to see a doctor. 
‘Not more potions?’ he said one morning over breakfast.
‘I just thought you might like to try them.  The woman in the shop said that after taking them for a month there was a seventy-five per cent chance of becoming pregnant.’
‘Why don’t you take them?’
‘Harry they’re for you.  They’re herbs with special aphrodisiac properties.’
‘I don’t think that’s the problem Margery.  Have I ever had any trouble making love?’
‘No, I suppose not but I just thought they might help.’
‘You know you are getting too wound up about this.  I’ve told you before if it’s going to happen it will.  The more stressed you get about it the less likely it is to happen.  And now you’re starting to get me stressed.  I don’t want to feel that every time we make love I’m being measured and judged a failure if you don’t conceive.’
‘Oh Harry it’s not like that.  Honestly Darling I’m not blaming you.’
‘Well it seems like it.’
‘It’s just that I do so want to have a baby and I’m frightened that if it doesn’t happen soon it will never happen.’
‘Well if it doesn’t happen, it doesn’t.  We’ve still got each other or did you just marry me because you wanted a family?’
‘Of course not.  It’s just that I’m running out of options.’
‘What about that acupuncture clinic you were going to go to?’
He reached across the table and helped himself to a second slice of wholemeal bread and began to spread it with honey.
‘I’ve an appointment for next Tuesday.’
‘Maybe that will work.’
‘But what if it’s not me?’
‘What do you mean?’
‘What if there’s something wrong with you?’
‘There isn’t.  I’ve told you before there’s nothing wrong with me.’
‘But couldn’t you just go and have a check?  Then we would know for sure.’
‘We’ve been down this road before Margery, I’m not going.  There’s no way I’m going to one of those clinics to sit in a cubicle and wank into a plastic tube.  Forget it.’
‘You don’t have to go to the clinic, I’m sure you could do it at home.’
‘Leave it Margery.  I said no, I’m not doing it.  Have you forgotten that I have two children already?  There is nothing wrong with me.’
He got up and pushed his uneaten breakfast to one side. 
‘You haven’t drunk your green tea.’
‘To tell the truth I’m fed up of green tea and organic yoghurt.  I’m going to Antonio’s to have a decent breakfast: a bacon and tomato baguette and a very strong cup of coffee.’

They did not mention the subject again but Margery noticed that when Harry came back later that morning he went into the kitchen and drank the potion she had prepared for him.
‘Jenny telephoned while you were out,’ she told him.
‘Your agent?’
‘Yes.  She’s coming out at the end of the week.  You don’t mind do you?’
‘No not at all, it’ll be good for you to see her again.’
‘Yes, I haven’t seen her since I went back for Dad’s funeral.’
‘I’ve got some business to see to today Darling so I probably won’t be back for lunch,’ he said, heading for the bedroom.
A few minutes later he came back wearing a light linen jacket, dark trousers and a white shirt.
‘You look smart.’
‘Arnie wants me to meet some of his associates, there could be some work for me.’
‘What sort of work Harry?  Lighting?’
‘I’ll let you know when I’ve spoken to them.  See you later.’
He kissed her on the cheek and left.
She had not missed the faint whiff of alcohol on his breath but she did not say anything.  He must have had a beer at Antonio’s as well.
Jenny was coming specifically to take back some outfits she had ordered for a new client.  They were almost finished but she still had the lining to put in one of the skirts and buttons to sew on the jacket so she decided to get on with it while Harry was out.  She pulled out her machine and began to work, her concentration fixed on the task in hand and her problems for the moment suspended.

It was late when Harry returned, flushed and smiling, whether from the many drinks he had obviously had or from the job that Arnie had given him, she was not sure.  He had been working at least a couple of days a week for Arnie for the last few months but still there was no mention of anything permanent.  As far as she could make out Harry’s job was as a general factotum, or run-around as he liked to call it.  She knew he still held out hopes of getting his old business off the ground but she had doubts that it would ever happen, he had let too much time pass.  
‘So how did it go?’ she asked looking up from her hemming.
‘Fine.  Pretty good in fact.’
‘So, tell me.  What sort of job has he offered you?’
‘Let me just get a beer and I’ll tell you all about it.  Do you want one?’
‘No, not for me, thanks.’
After a few minutes he returned to the terrace with a bottle of cold beer in his hand.
‘Well?’
‘Arnie’s bought a new club in Benalmadena, he wants me to install the lighting.’
‘Is that all?  I thought it was going to be something more long term.’
Harry frowned at her.
‘What do you mean, is that all?  It’s pretty damned good.  There were lots of guys after the contract and he’s given it to me.’
‘When I suggested you go back to work as an electrician you said it was too much of a come down,’ she reminded him.
‘This is different, this isn’t fixing someone’s fuse or redoing some dodgy wiring.  This needs special skills.  You’ll see, this is the start I’ve been waiting for.’
She could not see the difference between putting in a new lighting system in a club and wiring up someone’s kitchen, as far as she knew the skills were the same.  Still it was good to see her husband so animated for once so she bit her tongue and asked instead:
‘What sort of club is it?’
‘An adult entertainment club I think they call it these days.’
She saw a smirk pass across his face.
‘You mean a strip club?’
‘Well, partly, but he’s hoping to put on musical entertainment as well, you know, local groups.  That’s why the lighting is so important.  He wants it to be classy.’
‘And when that’s done?’
‘He says he’ll need a maintenance man for the place if I’m interested.’
Margery did not reply.  Harry moved close to her, putting his hand on her shoulder.
‘Look I know it’s not much but it’s a start isn’t it?’
‘I suppose so.  Harry I just wish you would decide what it is you’re doing with your life, with our lives.  We’ve been here for four years now and you’ve still not got a proper job, it’s as though you’re in a state of limbo.’
‘I don’t know what you want Margery, I’ve been trying to get back on my feet ever since we arrived.  It’s not easy you know, but this could be the opening I’ve been waiting for.’
‘You really think so?’
‘It’s a hell of a lot better than working behind the bar in Krazy Kats.’
‘It was really nice of Brian to give you a job.’
‘So you like the idea of your husband washing glasses for your ageing pop star friends, do you?  Not good enough for anything else I suppose.’
‘That’s not true, Harry.  I was only trying to help.’
‘Well don’t, I can handle my own life, thank you.’
He slammed the empty beer bottle down on the table.
‘Don’t get angry Harry.  It’s just that I think we’re both too young to retire, we need something worthwhile to do.’
‘You’ve got your sewing so that should keep you busy.’
He went into the kitchen for another beer.
‘Harry you don’t understand.  You’re not listening to me.  We’re living a fantasy life, it’s not real.  We have no children, you have no proper job.  When you’re not running around after Arnie all you do is play tennis and drink with your friends, it’s like being on holiday 365 days of the year.’
‘So what’s wrong with that?  Honestly Margery I sometimes think there’s no pleasing you.  What’s happened to you?  You used to be such a fun-loving girl.’
‘Maybe I’ve grown up.’
‘My God.  Like I say, there’s no pleasing some people.’
She bent her head over her sewing so he could not see the tears of disappointment shining in her eyes.  
‘At least you’ve got some work at this new club.  When do you start?’ she asked.
‘Oh not for weeks yet, he’s got to sort out the lease first.’
She felt the old frustration return.  There was no point reminding Harry that this was not the first job that Arnie had promised him and so far nothing had materialised. She wondered how many more years they would be able to manage on the proceeds of the sale of his business, at least she was making good money from her “sewing” as Harry liked to term it.  
This was not what she had expected when she had given up her life in London, by now she thought they would be settled and Harry would have started a new business, she thought they would have a baby or at least that she would be pregnant, she thought that they would have broken away from Arnie’s influence and made new friends.  True her new life had begun, her business was growing steadily, she had made a number of new friends and she was beginning to enjoy living in Spain, but Harry on the other hand appeared to be distracted, easily swayed by the indolent life around him, dependent on Arnie for far more than was necessary and totally blind to the fact that their relationship was fraying under the strain of his ever increasing drinking.  

She had been up at least two hours and still there was no sign of Harry getting out of bed.  When she wandered into the bedroom to tell him it was ten o’clock, he just grunted and pulled the sheets over his head.
‘I’ve got to go out Harry, I’m seeing Julie at ten-thirty,’ she informed him.
He grunted something in reply and turned over.
‘I’ll let the dog out, don’t forget to let her in if she barks.’
‘Mmn.’
‘I’ll be back at lunchtime,’ she added.
There was no reply from the huddled figure in the bed so she went to the window and pulled back the curtains.  The room had a strong smell of stale alcohol and sweat, so she opened the windows as far as she could.  So what if the noise from their neighbour’s lawnmower woke him, it was time he was up anyway.  It angered her to see him wasting his life lying in bed like a pubescent teenager.
‘Bye then,’ she said but received no answer.
The puppy followed her to the door and waited, looking up at her with big, brown eyes.
‘OK, girl, off you go.’
She opened the door and the puppy bounded out into the garden.  Margery was not happy about letting Jess run around the garden unsupervised, she was still at the age where digging up the flower beds was de rigueur for her morning exercise and was not averse to jumping in the pond after the goldfish.  Leaving her in the house would be worse: puddles on the floor, torn cushions and newspapers ripped to shreds.  She had even had a go at some of Margery’s cookery books, chewing off the tasty bits that had been splashed sometime previously and devouring many favourite recipes. 
They had acquired this brindle-coloured orphan six months before and nothing that her friends had told her about bringing up dogs had quite prepared her for this whirlwind of frenzied fluff.  Julie had found her, dumped by the rubbish bins at the end of her road.  She had a piece of filthy string tied around her neck and was painfully thin.  Julie had taken her home and rung the only one of her friends that was dog-less, Margery.
‘Here Jess,’ she called and picking up one of the numerous toys that littered the lawn, threw it for the dog to chase.  ‘Be good, I’ll be back soon.’

The first Wednesday in the month was when Julie held a coffee morning, usually about ten women turned up, some were friends from the golf club others that she had met over the years.  Julie was a gregarious Yorkshire woman after all.
They were sitting in the garden when Margery arrived, under the shade of a thick wisteria that twisted its way along and over the stone pergola like a blue cloud, heavy heads of blossom hung down, inverted bells, infusing the air with their fragrance.  Julie’s dogs lay stretched out on the lawn, one either side of the group, like ornamental lions, they lifted their heads as she approached but did not move.  The chatter of the women’s voices drifted across to her, their animation evident in the rising cadence, there was a brief pause as Julie called:
‘Over here Marge, we’re in the garden.’
She indicated an empty chair next to her.
‘So, how’re things?’
‘Fine.’
Margery helped herself to a coffee and sat back to listen to the conversation.
‘Problems at the golf club,’ Julie whispered.  ‘The captain, ex-army, wants to stop women playing on Sundays.’
Margery raised her eyebrows.
‘Can he do that?’
‘No, of course not.  Just because that’s what they did at his old club in Cheltenham, he thinks he can do it here,’ said Laura.
‘He doesn’t realise who he has to deal with,’ said Kirsten.  ‘We won’t stand for any of that old nonsense.’
‘What does Muriel have to say about it?’ asked Margery, looking round for the familiar face of the Ladies’ Captain.
‘She doesn’t know about it, she’s not well.  They’ve discovered a lump in her breast, so she’s gone back to England to see a specialist.’
‘She’s staying with her sister,’ added Julie.
‘Oh dear, I am sorry.  Well that puts all the other nonsense into perspective, doesn’t it?’
Julie nodded but Kirsten looked at her sharply.
‘Muriel would not want us to ignore this,’ she said.  ‘She devoted many years trying to achieve equality for women in the golfing world.  She wouldn’t want this prat to get his own way.’
‘Quite right,’ a number of the other women murmured.
Margery decided not to comment, she really did not know much about golf and was not that interested.
‘How’s the puppy coming on?’ asked Julie.
‘She’s lovely, I’m so fond of her but she gets into all sorts of pickles.  Do you know what I caught her doing the other day?’
She proceeded to give Julie and the others a graphic description of Jess’s antics the previous morning and soon had them all laughing.

Margery hung back when the others left, she wanted a few minutes alone with Julie.  She helped herself to some coffee while she waited, it was cold but she drank it anyway.
‘Hi, you still here?’
‘Yes, have you got a minute to spare?’
‘Of course, Brian won’t be back until half past two at the earliest.  What’s wrong?’
‘Nothing really, I suppose, I just wanted someone to talk to.
‘Harry?’
Margery nodded, she felt a wave of self pity wash over her.
‘It’s just the same old thing.’
‘Babies?’
‘Yes.  It’s so frustrating, I just can’t persuade him to go to see a doctor.  He says he wants us to have children but he won’t do anything to help.’
‘I thought he was being very co-operative?’
‘I suppose he is, in a way, but he denies that the problem is with him and he cites his own children as an example.’
‘He has a point.’
‘I asked him if he missed them, his own kids, you see I thought that maybe that was the problem.’
‘How do you mean?’
‘Maybe he feels that he’s abandoned them and because of that he doesn’t want to have any more.’
‘So you think he might be feeling guilty?’
‘Yes, something like that.  I thought maybe that was the reason he’s less keen than I am to start a family.’
‘How old is Harry?’
‘He’ll be fifty next year.’
‘Perhaps he thinks he’s too old to start again.  Remember he’s been through that once, the nappies, sleepless nights, the whole rigmarole.’
‘If that’s the case, why doesn’t he say so?’
‘He probably doesn’t want to hurt you.  So what did he say about missing his kids?’
‘That’s what so strange, I thought he’d fly into one of his moods, but he didn’t.  He just looked at me and said: “What do you think?”  I thought he was going to cry.’
‘So he does miss them.’
‘Yes, but he won’t go and see them.  He says maybe when they’re older and can understand.’
‘Is he alright?’
‘Harry?’
‘Yes.’
‘I don’t know.  He’s definitely drinking too much and he seems depressed, he still wasn’t up when I left.’
‘Why don’t you get him to see a doctor, he could give him something to take.  Valium or something.’
‘There’s no way Harry will go and see a doctor.  I just don’t know what to do, Julie.’
Her friend leaned across and put her arm around her.
‘There’s not a lot more you can do.  Things’ll turn out alright in the end, I’m sure, Marge.  You know maybe it’s the fact that you’re letting yourself get so wound up about it all that you can’t conceive.  Why don’t you and Harry go away for a holiday?  Somewhere completely different, away from all his drinking mates, just the two of you.’
Margery smiled.
‘That sounds nice.  I might suggest it to him.’
She picked up her bag.
‘You don’t have to go, you know.  Stay and have some lunch.’
‘No, I told Harry I wouldn’t be long and anyway I’ve left Jess in the garden.  I’d like to get home while I’ve still got some lawn left.’

CHAPTER 15

Barbara chopped the green tomatoes and pushed them to the side then she started on the shallots.  This was the part she liked least of all because try as she might to prevent it, her eyes always watered, nevertheless the rhythmic tap of the knife on the chopping board was relaxing and she soon had them finished, chopped and diced into small, purple veined pieces.  She lifted some chopped apples out of the water where she had left them to stop them turning brown and put them in a large pressure cooker then she added the shallots, tomatoes and a small amount of water.  She screwed down the lid of the pressure cooker and left it to cook while she went to check that her son was doing his homework.
‘What’s that?’ she asked.
Her son was sitting on the floor, surrounded by open magazines and books.
‘It’s some project work for school.’
‘It looks interesting, what’s it about?’
‘It’s on the Amazon rain forests,’ he replied.  ‘I’m looking for frogs.  My group are doing amphibians.’
‘Really.’
She smiled proudly at her son, he seemed to be doing so well at school these days.  He had taken the eleven plus the previous year and was luckier than Sylvia, he had a place at the local Grammar School.  She wondered if he still missed Harry, he never mentioned him.  He had stopped wearing the Chelsea scarf twenty-four hours a day but it was never far from his side.
The ring of the timer in the kitchen reminded her that she had the next stage of the chutney process to do.  It had been Mary’s idea that she should make the chutneys.  Last year not having the money to buy her friends Christmas gifts she had decided to make them all some home-made chutney.  It had been very successful and Mary had suggested that she should bottle it and sell it at the Farmers’ Market.  She had started with a straightforward apple chutney then began to experiment with whatever was in season, she made rhubarb chutney, green tomato chutney, tomato and marrow chutney, an orange chutney which everyone said was delicious with roast duck and even red and green pepper chutney.  Now she not only sold it at the Saturday market but supplied the local butcher.  
‘Mum, Mary’s here,’ called Sylvia from the hall.
‘OK just coming.’
She switched off the timer and went into the hall to greet her friend.  Mary quite often popped in for a cup of tea and a chat in the evenings, she said it was to check that Barbara was alright but somehow Barbara felt it had more to do with getting out of the house for a bit.  It sounded as though she and Bill were going through a rough patch.
‘Hi.’
‘Hello there.  Everything OK?  I just thought I’d pop in on my way to the shops.’
‘Everything’s fine Mary.  Like a cup of tea?’
‘Lovely.  My something smells good.  Don’t tell me, let me guess.  Apple?’
‘Nearly, green tomato, but there’s apple in it.’
She led the way into the kitchen.
‘Look why don’t you make the tea while I finish off here?’
‘OK.’
Barbara unscrewed the top of the pressure cooker and ladled the contents into a large bowl, mixed in the spices and some vinegar then returned the mixture to the pressure cooker and switched it on again.
‘Can I help?’
‘No there’s not much to do now, you should have come earlier when I was doing the peeling and chopping.’
‘Sorry, had to wait for Bill to get home.  Another late night, he seems to be working all the hours there are these days.’
Barbara did not reply but thought back to the days when Harry used to tell her how busy he was at work.
‘So how’s it going?’  
Mary nodded towards the empty chutney jars that Barbara was stacking in the oven.
‘Really well.  I’m having trouble keeping up with the demand.  The man from Blackstone’s Farm Shop wants two dozen apple and a dozen rhubarb.’
‘That’s good.  What about the farm shop over at Cookham Dean, won’t they take any?’
‘Yes, he’s already had some of the tomato chutney and he says it’s very popular.  He wanted to know if I made jam as well.’
‘That’s a great idea.  People love home-made jam.  It reminds them of their childhood and the good old days.’
‘You mean when it was a treat to have bread and jam for supper? Anyway, hang on a minute, when am I going to get time to make jam as well as chutney?  I still have to work you know.’
‘Why don’t you approach one of the supermarkets to see if they want to stock it?  With a big order from Tesco’s or someone you could give up your job and do this full time.’
‘I don’t think so.  That’s a big step Mary.  I don’t think I’m ready for it.  I’d have to expand the production and then there would be Health and Safety checks.  There would be VAT and I’d have to register as a company and pay tax.  Oh God, I wouldn’t know where to start.’
She took the mug of tea from Mary and sat down.
‘It would be moving up to an entirely different level.’
‘It’s something you could think about,’ Mary suggested.
‘Maybe in the future.’
The truth was that she was doing very well with the chutneys.  Sylvia had come up with a name for them and Tom had designed a label which he had printed out from the computer.  They had agreed on “Windmill Hill Chutneys” after the local energy company had installed a new prototype windmill right behind them on the top of the hill.  Mary’s idea was very tempting but she did not think she could cope with the extra work, she was cooking every evening as it was.  

By nine o’clock Tom was bathed and in bed and Sylvia was finishing her homework.  She had been at her school for two years now and was doing very well, but whenever Barbara tried to talk to her about her school work Sylvia refused to discuss it.  She had become very independent since she had changed schools.  Barbara decided she would watch the news whilst she ironed their clothes for the next day then retire to bed early and read the copy of “Setting up a Small Business” that she had bought that afternoon in the newsagents.  
She set up the ironing board in front of the television and switched on the 9 o’clock News, Nelson Mandela had become South Africa’s first black president, Turkish soldiers had overrun the Kurdish capital and captured a number of militants,  the Secretary of State had agreed to changes in the boundaries of Buckinghamshire, Berkshire and Surrey,, some footballer, whose name she did not catch, was being sold to Manchester United for an undisclosed sum.  She smoothed Sylvia’s blouse onto the ironing board and carefully pressed the collar.
Mary had not been in a very talkative mood, it was as though she wanted to confide in Barbara but could not bring herself to do it.  Barbara understood how she felt, once you started putting your fears into words they became much more real.  She made a mental note to call in on her friend the next day on her way home from work.
She finished ironing the last of the children’s clothes and folded them carefully.  She returned the ironing board to its home under the stairs, took a last look at the cooling chutney and went upstairs.  She could hear Sylvia talking to one of her friends on the upstairs extension.
‘Sylvia, don’t be too long.  Our telephone bill was high enough last month,’ she warned.
‘OK Mum.’
She heard her daughter mutter something to her friend and hang up.  Almost immediately it rang again.  It was Ian.
‘Hi Ian, how are you?’
‘Fine, you?’
‘Just about to go to bed with a cup of tea and a good book.’
‘Isn’t it a bit early for bed?’
‘Yes but so what?  I’ve bottled forty two jars of chutney tonight, read through Tom’s project work and done the ironing.  I think I deserve an early night.’
‘I was thinking of calling round to see you.’
‘Oh Ian that would be nice but not tonight.  What about tomorrow?’
‘Yes, tomorrow’s fine.  I’ve got some news for you.’
‘Good or bad?’
‘Good of course, if it were bad I’d write to you.’
‘Is it about Harry?’
‘No, nothing to do with Harry.  It’s a business proposition.’
She closed her book and sat up.
‘What sort of proposition?’
‘I’d sooner wait and tell you tomorrow.’
‘Oh no you don’t, you’ve got me interested now.’
‘This friend of mine wants to invest some money, he’s been looking at a number of small businesses and so I told him about your chutney.’
‘And he’s interested in investing in my chutney?’
‘Well he’s interested enough to want to talk to you.  No promises mind you.  He’s a canny Scot and he only invests in things that he thinks have a future.’
‘I don’t know what to say.’
‘How about saying yes?’
‘OK it can’t hurt to talk to him, but I’m sure it won’t come to much.  Does he know I operate out of my kitchen?’
‘Yes, that doesn’t matter apparently.  All that can be changed.  It’s the product he’s interested in.  If it sells and if it sells at a profit.’
‘OK then Ian, you set up a meeting and we’ll take it from there.’
‘And tomorrow?  Can I still come round?’
‘Yes why not.  Come and have some supper with us.  Say seven o’clock.’
‘Fine, I’ll be there.’
She heard him hang up the telephone and then replaced her own receiver.  This was incredible.  Somebody actually wanted to give her money to make chutney.  She could not believe it.

Douglas McGregor had suggested they meet at the Bull’s Head for lunch. She knew the pub but had never had occasion to visit it, it lay on the road between Marlow and Henley and had been recently taken over by a large food chain.  The Bull’s Head had been there, in one form or other, nestled into the hillside for almost two hundred years and its exterior had changed very little.  Inside was a different matter.  A rather antiseptic smell assailed her nose as she entered, cheap cleaning fluid she thought.  The low beams and stone flagged floor were not enough to detract from the accumulation of plastic signs and cheap bric-a-brac that littered the bar and window sills, numerous small lamps in red glass shades cast a dull light from the tables, deepening the red velour of the chairs and a series of framed prints of riverside scenes decorated the freshly painted walls.  Everything had the mass-produced look of economy.  The glossy, laminated menus offered a limited selection of standard dishes that matched well with the decor: everything with French fries and trimmings and the beer was all pre-cooled lager.  She hoped there was at least a decent wine on the menu.
‘Hello, you must be Barbara,’ a soft Scottish voice said.
A man in his mid-forties, with cropped, sandy coloured hair sat at the bar smiling at her.  He held out his hand.
‘Yes.  And you are Douglas McGregor, I take it,’ she replied.  ‘Pleased to meet you.’
‘What will you have to drink?’
She hesitated.
‘A dry sherry would be nice, thank you.’
She could not go wrong with sherry.
‘Have you been here before?’ he asked.
‘No, have you?’
‘Actually no, but I hear that you can get a good steak.  I thought it would be convenient for you.’
‘Yes, it’s very convenient.  I only live about ten minutes away.’
The barman placed their drinks on the counter and waited patiently while Douglas counted the money into his hand.  Barbara sipped her sherry, it was cold and very dry.
‘So,’ he said, taking a sip of his whisky.  ‘Ian tells me that you’re looking for a backer.’
‘Well I’m not exactly looking,’ she answered.  ‘Everyone keeps telling me I should expand the business but to do that I need money and I don’t have any.  To be quite honest it’s more his idea than mine.’
She explained how she had started making the chutney just as a way of supplementing her income and suddenly found that it was very popular.
‘I can’t keep up with demand operating the way I do, part-time.  I really need to take it on full time and employ someone to help me but I can’t do that without some security.  I have two kids to bring up.’
‘Do you have any accounts?’
‘Oh yes I keep an account of everything I spend and earn.  It doesn’t amount to that much so I don’t declare it, I suppose I ought to but I haven’t got round to it yet.’
‘Do you have them with you?’
‘What here?  No I didn’t realise you would want to see them today.’
‘No of course not.  Tell me about the chutney.’
He listened intently as she told him of her recipes and how she was planning to start making jams as well.  She explained her distribution method and how although she realised it was probably not very cost-effective to drive all the way to Goring Heath with only twelve jars of chutney, at least it was a regular weekly order.
‘OK, Barbara I like the sound of your business.  I think I’d like to taste this chutney of yours and have a look around your premises.’
‘That’s the problem, I don’t have any premises, everything is done from home.  But you’re welcome to come and see what I do.’
‘Yes I’d like that and maybe I could take a look at your accounts at the same time.’
‘I’ve drawn up a business plan,’ she said rather shyly.
‘Have you now.  I’d like to see that too.  Would next Wednesday be alright?’
‘That would be fine as long as it’s after six o’clock.  I work until four, a friend’s covering for me today,’ she added.
‘OK, six o’clock it is.  Do you have a business card?’
Barbara handed him one of the business cards that Tom had designed and printed for her from the computer.
‘“Windmill Hill Chutneys”, nice name.’
‘My son chose it.’
‘OK  that’s our business over for today.  How about we have something to eat now?’
He led the way into the dining room and sat down at a table near the window.
‘Nice town Marlow,’ he said.  ‘I’ve always fancied a little place here myself.  Have you lived here long?’
He was very easy to talk to and she found herself telling him about the house and how she had thought of selling it after Harry left but now was glad she still had it.  It turned out that he too was divorced, his wife had left him for an American singer and taken their two children to California to live.
‘That must be hard.  Do you miss your children?’
‘Yes I do but what can I do about it.  The last thing I want is for them to be in the middle of a tug-of-war between me and Jill.  It’s better this way, they are with their mother and I get to see them from time to time.  I usually go over in their summer holidays and we go away somewhere for a week or two.  It’s not ideal but at least they get the chance to start a new life, make new friends and have some stability in their lives.  I really couldn’t bear to see them being uprooted every other week to come and live with me. Anyway California is a long way away, I certainly don’t want to move there and Jill was never going to stay in England.  The singer is quite a decent chap, he likes the kids and he and Jill are going to get married soon.  You probably think I’m mad but I like to think of my children having a stable home life even if I am excluded from it.’
‘I couldn’t do that.’
‘You’re their mother, that’s different.’
‘But is it?  Why should it mean more to be a mother than a father?’
‘Children need their mother.’
She thought of Harry and his seeming lack of interest in Tom and Sylvia.  Was it self interest or self sacrifice?  She could not be sure now.
‘Dessert madam?’
The waiter stood at her elbow with the dessert menu.
‘No, not for me thank you.  Just coffee.’

Barbara closed the door behind him and leaned her back against it, her heart was racing with excitement.  He had inspected her kitchen, sampled a couple of her chutneys and looked at her accounts.  Everything seemed to satisfy him, even her rudimentary business plan and he had left with a copy of both the accounts and the business plan under his arm and a bag of assorted chutneys, promising to be in touch within the week.  She still could not believe it.
‘What did he say Mum?’
‘Is he going to give you the money?’
‘Did he like it?’
Both children had followed her into the hall and were standing there eager for the news.  Her heart was still racing with excitement as she smiled at them, this could make a difference to all their lives.
‘Yes and yes.  He thinks it’s a great idea and he’s going to send his accountant over to discuss the details with me.  It will mean renting some premises in Wycombe, somewhere on the trading estate I expect and buying new equipment.  I’ll have to advertise for staff and ...’
She broke off and hugged them both to her.
‘This is going to be great.  You’ll see.’
‘Will we be rich Mum?’ Tom asked.
‘I don’t know about rich but we’ll be able to buy that computer you keep on about.’
‘And a holiday?  Can I go to Italy with the school now?’
‘Yes Sylvia, you can.’
‘What about your job?’
‘I will have to hand in my notice, I won’t be able to manage both.  I’ve told Doug it will take a month or so to get up to full production and he’s quite happy with that.  Sylvia go and put the kettle on while I ring Mary and tell her the news.’
‘What about Ian?  Aren’t you going to tell Ian?’
‘He’s coming round later, I’ll tell him then.’

She knew it was Ian as soon as she heard the door bell ring.
‘Well?’ he asked when she opened the door.
She had considered pretending that the deal had fallen through but when she saw his eager face she could not restrain her smile.
‘Yes he’s going to invest in my chutney.’
‘Good, so this won’t go to waste then,’ he said producing a bottle of Veuve Clicquot from behind his back.
‘Absolutely not,’ she replied putting her arms around his neck and kissing him.
She saw him blush with pleasure.
‘Come on let’s open it and I can tell you all about the meeting.’
‘So what is his proposal?’
‘He’s suggesting an investment of about a hundred thousand pounds, depending on what the accountant finds when he looks at my books.’
‘Wow, he must like your chutney,’ Ian said pouring the champagne into the flute that she held out to him.
‘He says I should contact this new whole-food supermarket chain that has just opened in the south of England.  As my chutneys and jams contain no preservatives and my raw ingredients are all organic he thinks they will be very interested.’
‘Tesco’s are doing an organic range now.  Perhaps you should speak to them too.’
‘This champagne is lovely,’ she said, savouring the flavour in her mouth before she swallowed it.
‘Only what you deserve.’
He put his arm around her and pulled her closer to him, Barbara did not pull away.
‘So what’s your first move?’
‘Well I shall go into work tomorrow as usual and tell them I’m leaving.  I’ve got some holiday owed to me so I will probably only have to work about ten days notice.  Hopefully that will long enough for them to find a replacement.’
‘So you’re sure about this then?  What if his accountant advises him against the investment?  Wouldn’t it be better to wait until you’ve got the money?’
‘No, he won’t.  He may suggest some changes but Doug has all but agreed that he will back me.  Sending in the accountant is just standard procedure.’
‘Are you sure?  Maybe you should hang on a bit before handing in your notice.’
‘Ian, this was your idea in the first place.  Why are you being so negative?’
She stood up and moved to the chair facing him.  The idea slipped into her mind that he might be jealous.
‘I’m not being negative Barbara, I’m just trying to be sensible.  You were so pleased to get that job at the Health Centre, I just think you should wait a little before giving it up.’
‘I told you, I discussed all that with Doug.  He thinks I should get started on this as soon as possible.’
Ian sipped his champagne, he looked uncomfortable.
‘Did he give you any idea when the money would be available?’
‘Not exactly.  His accountant is coming to see me next Friday so I expect I’ll hear from him the following week.  In the meantime I have a lot to do.  When I telephoned Mary, she told me about a place that would be ideal for the factory, it’s on the outskirts of High Wycombe, on the road to Lane End.  It will take me no time at all to get there.  I’m going over to see the agents tomorrow.’
‘Barbara this is not like you, you’re usually so cautious.  Now here you are giving up your job and renting a factory before you even have any money in the bank to cover it.’
Spontaneity was not Ian’s forte, she should have realised that he would want her to move more slowly on this but it was too late, she had made her decision.
‘Maybe I’ve been too cautious all my life, maybe now is the time to take a chance.  Being cautious hasn’t actually done me a lot of good in the past, has it?’
She held out her glass so that he could refill it and continued:
‘I didn’t want to expand my business if you remember, it was you and Mary that encouraged it.  But now that I’ve taken the first step I’m keen to go on.  It’s time I did something with my life, time I took a chance. After all what’s to lose?  I can always mortgage the house if everything goes pear-shaped.’
Ian nodded his agreement, albeit, she thought, rather reluctantly.
‘So tell me about Doug.  How come you two are friends?’
‘We used to play squash together.’
‘What at Handy Cross?’
‘No, this was before they opened the sports centre.  We had a mutual friend and he had access to the squash courts in a nearby public school.  None of the pupils used the courts in the evenings so he would take a group of his friends over to play.  That’s how I met Doug and his wife Jill, they both used to play there.’
‘What was she like, his wife?’
‘Small, dark, good squash player, I don’t remember much else.  She became pregnant and then I didn’t see her again.’
‘So you never went to their house?’
‘No.  Why the interest?’
‘No reason really.  He mentioned he was divorced but he didn’t say much about his family.’
‘He never talks about his family, never did.  He’s not an easy man to get to know.  We’ve known each other for almost twenty years but I couldn’t say we were really friends.  We just meet up from time to time for a drink, he usually gives me a ring when he’s in the area.’
Barbara thought Ian looked a bit irritated, not his usual relaxed self.
‘He’s a nice bloke, and a hell of a business man, but you need to watch him, Barbara,’ he added.
‘Watch him?’
‘He’s well, a bit of a ladies’ man,’ he explained, avoiding her eyes as he spoke.
So he was jealous, she tried not to smile.
‘I’ll remember that’ she said.‘By the way, have you eaten?’
‘A salad at lunchtime, that’s all.’
‘Shall I make us some Bolognese?’
‘That would be nice, I’m ravenous.’
‘Bring the bottle, we’ll finish it while I cook.’
She led the way into the kitchen.  Upstairs she could hear the children arguing about something.   She leaned across and switched on the radio, a pianist was skilfully building the crescendo to Rachmaniov’s Second Piano Concerto.  The music flowed through her and for the second time that evening she felt as though her life was about to change for the better.

Although it had been Ian who had initially encouraged her to expand her small business it was Doug who soon became the driving force.  Barbara had liked him from the moment they met, he was someone she could talk to openly and easily.  He listened to her ideas and threw in a few of his own.  In no time she had leased the small factory that she had found in High Wycombe and invested in new machinery, she had hired some staff and began production.  He used his contacts to help her widen her market and provided help and guidance all the way.  He was not what she had expected in a silent partner and although he left all the decision making to her she could not deny his influence.  The company began to flourish and within a year she had outlets for chutneys, jams and sauces in a number of large supermarkets.  She purchased a van, hired a driver and continued supplying the small retailers who had been so instrumental in getting her business started, the farmers’ markets and farm shops were not forgotten.
At first her relationship with Doug was strictly confined to business then one evening it changed.  They were in Watford, having spent the day looking over a bottling plant that Doug thought was more cost effective than their existing supplier and had returned to their hotel for dinner.
When they arrived at the hotel it was obvious that a private party was being held at one end of the dining room.
‘Do we need to book a table, do you think?’ she asked him.
‘No, I wouldn’t think so, but I’ll ask if you like.  What about a drink first?’
‘Yes that would be nice.’
She paused then added:
‘Actually I’m not really hungry.  I’m too tired to eat after walking all over that factory.  I can’t believe how many metal staircases we climbed today and that warehouse was enormous.  Have you ever seen so many bottles and jars in your life?’
‘It was impressive I agree.  I have to admit I’m a bit pooped too.  How about we order room service and eat in my room?  Then we don’t need to get dressed up and all that.  Also it might be a bit quieter.’
He nodded towards the table at the end where a young man was inciting the group to sing “Happy Birthday” to a woman in a scarlet dress.
‘That sounds better.  Order something simple for me will you, an omelette would be good.  I just need to freshen up a bit then I’ll be along.’
‘It’s Room 221.’
‘Next door to mine,’ she said, holding up her key card.  ‘See you in a bit then.’
She set off in the direction of her room, her heart beating with excitement.  Nothing had ever been said between them but she knew that something was about to happen.  Whenever they were together the air tingled with excitement, she felt her pulse quicken when he sat next to her and if their hands touched it was like electricity running up her arm.  Sometimes she caught him looking at her in a certain way and felt herself blush but she never said anything.  She knew he was single, he had told her about his divorce the night they met but since then he had never mentioned his wife and family.  It was as though they no longer existed for him.  He never asked her about her life outside the business and although she told him about Tom and Sylvia and he listened politely she knew he was not really interested.  Was that all about to change?
She stepped into the shower and stood for a few minutes just letting the water cascade down her back.  She began to feel apprehensive, it was a long time since she had slept with a man.  Harry had been her one and only lover.  She stepped out of the shower and looked at herself in the mirror, she would be fifty next year and it was beginning to show.  Her waist had thickened and her breasts were starting to sag, she pushed her shoulders back and pulled in her stomach.  She had never worried much about her appearance before, it had not seemed that important.  Until now that was.  Still her legs were firm and shapely and she knew her golden-auburn hair was striking.  Maybe she was reading too much into Doug’s invitation to eat in his room, they would probably have a drink and talk about work and that would be that.  Nevertheless after she had changed into some jeans that were tight enough to hold in her wayward stomach and put on a clean t-shirt, she splashed herself all over with her favourite perfume.  Then she applied a modicum of make-up to an already glowing complexion and combed her hair loosely over her shoulders. 
By the time she knocked on his door she had trouble keeping herself from trembling.
‘Hi, come in.  Everything alright?  You look a bit worried.’
‘No, everything’s fine.’
‘Good.  I ordered some Chablis, hope that’s OK for you?’
‘Perfect.  Just what I need’
She sat down in a rather deep armchair and instantly regretted it.  
‘I think I’d prefer to sit on the sofa if you don’t mind,’ she explained.  ‘I’ll be asleep in two minutes if I sit in that chair.’
She sat down next to him and before she knew what was happening they were in each others’ arms.  His mouth pressed against hers, gently forcing her lips open and she found herself responding to his caresses with a passion equal to his own.  It had been so long since she had experienced such sexual pleasure that she could not hold herself back.  Once, not long after Harry had left her she had thought that she could never let another man touch her, yet here she was, in complete abandonment and enjoying it.  Doug was both a vigorous and considerate lover and she responded accordingly.
A knock on the door told them that their meal had arrived.  She dashed into the bathroom, leaving Doug to hurriedly re-dress and let the waiter enter with their supper. She looked at herself in the mirror, she looked different.  A smile continued to play around her lips and there was a glow emanating from her body.   She suddenly realised what it was: she looked happy. She was happy.  For the first time she realised that she had moved on, she had loved Harry for most of her life but now she could live without him.  She took a towel from the rack and wrapped it around her.
‘Has he gone?’ she asked, peering round the bathroom door.
‘Yes, come and eat your omelette before it gets cold.’
He had set the tray on a small table and poured out some wine.  She hoped he would suggest that she stayed the night with him but when they finished the food and drank the last of the wine he began to talk about an early start the next morning.
‘We’re due at Carter’s at nine,’ he reminded her.  ‘I think we’ll have to be away by eight-thirty at the latest.  Let’s meet for breakfast at eight.’
‘Fine,’ she replied, trying to keep her disappointment to herself.  ‘Remind me, why are we going there?’
‘I just thought we’d drop in as we’re in the area.  I met the owner when I was playing at Berkhampstead Golf Club last month.   It won’t take long, an hour at the most to look at the proofs and then we can be on our way home.’
‘I’m not sure I really want to change the labelling,’ she said.  ‘I rather like the slightly amateurish look of our labels.  I think it gives the product a home-made look.’
‘That’s up to you but we have told him we’d have a look at what they’ve come up with.’
‘As long as it doesn’t take all day.’
‘No, it won’t.  Anyway I have to be back in Edinburgh tonight.’
‘I think I’ll turn in,’ she suggested, standing up and collecting her clothes from where they had been scattered.  
She was beginning to feel embarrassed, standing there in nothing but his towel and hesitated, her hand on the door handle, hoping he would tell her to stay but instead he looked at his watch and said:
‘Good idea, it’s almost midnight.’
He followed her to the door and kissed her lightly on the lips.
‘It’s a good job you haven’t far to go,’ he said with a smile and kissed her again. ‘It’s been a lovely evening, Barbara.’
‘Yes, hasn’t it,’ she replied as casually as she could manage.
And that was that.  No romantic nonsense, no “when can we see each other again?”  His attitude to her was unchanged.  Barbara knew that this was best: no strings attached, no romantic involvement, just good friends, but somehow she could not stop her heart singing and she knew she wanted more from this man.

JUNE 2000

CHAPTER 16: A CLEAN SHEET
One evening Mary came round to see her, she was in the kitchen ironing.  Tom had gone to the cinema with his mates and Sylvia had gone back to university, only Katy, their new Cocker spaniel was there to keep her company.  She lay, curled up in her basket, paws in the air, offering her fat, pink stomach to anyone who wanted to tickle her.
‘She’s a sweetie,’ Mary said, plonking herself down in the only comfortable chair in the kitchen.
‘Yes, she is rather lovely.  But it’s the usual story the kids went on and on about getting a dog and now that we have one they’re never here to look after it.’
‘So who takes it out?’
‘Me, mostly.  I only take it along the footpath, I just don’t have the time to go any further.’
‘What about Tom?’
‘Oh, he says he will, but usually he can hardly find the time to get himself ready, never mind walk the dog.’
‘Sylvia?’
‘She’s better, when she’s here, but she only comes home at weekends and not always then.’
‘She’s enjoying life at uni then?’
‘Very much, she’s a different girl since she went there.’
‘And what about you?  How’s your love life?’ Mary asked.
Barbara blushed and continued to iron Tom’s shirt.
‘Where’s Ian these days?  I haven’t heard you talk about him much lately,’ her friend continued, obviously intrigued by Barbara’s silence.
‘Oh Ian’s alright.  He comes round a couple of times a week for a meal or a drink.’
‘Haven’t you two set a date yet?’
‘Don’t be silly Mary.’
‘What’s silly about it?  He’s potty about you.’
‘I’m too busy to think about getting married right now, anyway I prefer to be single.’
‘Too busy mooning over that Scotch fellow, you mean.’
‘Scots, Scotch is a drink.’
‘Scots, Scotch, you know who I’m talking about.’
‘I suppose you mean Doug?’
As she said his name she felt her face redden.
‘Yes, I can see it in your eyes.  Where do you think that’s going to get you?  He’s a confirmed bachelor, you told me yourself.’
‘He’s divorced actually.’
‘Divorced, single, it’s all the same.  He likes his life as it is.  Can you see him complicating his life with kids and dogs?  Of course not.  It’s one night stands for him.’
‘So?  That suits me.  Why would I want to tie myself down to a man again anyway?  It’s better like this, we see each other when he’s in the area and we have a good time.’
‘Don’t give me that old twaddle.  I know you Barbara, you need romance, a husband, someone to love and cherish you, all the old-fashioned things.  Don’t throw your life away on someone who doesn’t care about you.’
‘He does care about me, Doug is my friend.’
‘Yes, I know he is but he’ll never be anything more than a friend.  Ask yourself is that enough for you?’
Barbara pulled a pair of Tom’s jeans out of the laundry basket and spread them out on the ironing board.
‘What does he think of Tom and Sylvia?  Has he ever suggested you go out as a family?  Where was he over the Christmas holiday?  Off skiing with his mates.  Is that the sort of man you want?’  Mary continued.
‘We have an arrangement.’
‘Yes you arrange to be there at his beck and call.  Let me ask you this, do you ever telephone him and suggest a night out?’
‘No of course not.’
‘Why “of course not”?  That’s what friends do.’
‘Mary you’re just being ridiculous.  We’re both quite happy with the way things are.’
‘Fine, if that’s true.  But don’t forget you aren’t getting any younger.  Don’t waste too many years on him, especially when there’s Ian waiting in the wings.’
‘Ian’s been a good friend to us, you know that.’
‘Does he know about you and Doug sleeping together?’
‘Nobody does, only you.’
Mary grimaced and shook her head.
‘Dangerous game Babs, two men: one for sex and one for companionship.  I would never have thought you had it in you.’
She giggled and went to the refrigerator to help herself to a glass of wine.
Barbara folded the jeans neatly and hung them over the back of the chair.
‘Oh that’ll do for tonight.  I’m fed up of ironing.  Pour me one while you’re there will you.’
The two friends took their drinks out into the garden and sat on the low wall that separated the patio from the vegetable garden.  The damp evening air was filled with the scent of thyme and rosemary and the last rays of the sun were just visible on the horizon.
‘This is new, isn’t it?’  Mary asked.
‘The wall?  Yes, Ian finished it last weekend.  He thought it would stop the mud slipping down on to the patio each time it rained.’
‘I didn’t realise he was such a handyman.’
‘He’s not really but he enjoys having a go.  He says it makes a change from sitting behind a desk all day.’
‘Looks very professional.’
‘Yes, it’s not bad, is it.  Mind you it took him ages, he’s so particular about everything he does.  Tom helped him, he carried the bricks and helped to mix the cement.’
‘I think they did very well.’
‘Like a spot more?’
‘Why not.’

After Mary left, Barbara could not get her words out of her head.  Her friend understood her very well.  True she loved Doug’s company and the sex, when it happened and that was not very often, was great but she knew something was missing from her life.  For the first few years she had been so busy bringing up the children and running her business that her arrangement with Doug suited her very well but now she needed something more.  The children were growing up, soon they would leave and she would be on her own.  She would like to have a more stable relationship with Doug but she could not see it ever happening.  From the beginning she had tried to be casual about their relationship but it was not in her nature, she wanted more from him.  Nowadays, perhaps because of her bad experience with Harry, she found herself wondering where he was and what he was doing when he was not with her, worse than that she began to wonder who he was with.  She was not naturally a jealous woman, in fact, in the past, she had often been accused of being too trusting, but now she found herself inventing reasons for telephoning him and fabricating questions that would tell her more about his movements.  
She poured herself the last of the wine from the bottle and returned to her seat on the wall.  The house was silent.  The sun had disappeared and the evening had turned gloomy, black clouds scudded across a purple sky revealing glimpses of the pale moon starting its nightly climb.  She watched a pair of kingfishers fly low across the river.  In the distance she could hear an owl calling to its mate.  That was what life was really about, having a mate, a companion, a husband, a partner.  Call it what you may it was someone to share your life with, someone to love and someone to love you.  She wanted a man who would share her concerns for her children, who would be there through the bad times as well as the good, someone like Harry.  It was the first time she had thought about him in a long time.  Once, long ago, she had believed she had the perfect marriage with Harry but she had been wrong.  She had thought that if she could not have Harry then she could be satisfied with friendship and casual sex but again she was wrong.  What did she want?  As she watched two swans glide slowly past, dark silhouettes in the dusk, she knew she could not answer that.  But she also knew that it was time to stop making a fool of herself over Doug.

It was the end of June, the weather was very hot and sultry and Tom was lying on the sun bed in the garden, revising for the last of his exams.
‘There’s a letter for you Tom,’ she said, handing it to him.  
There was a Spanish stamp on the envelope and it was addressed to Tom Wilkinson in a hand that she knew very well.
‘It’s from your father,’ she said.
As soon as Tom opened the letter she could see that he was confused.
‘He wants me to go and visit him,’ he said, screwing the letter into a ball and throwing it on the ground.
He returned to reading about the fall of the Roman Empire and said no more about it.  She thought that was the end of it but when she came out later to bring in the cushions she noticed that the letter had gone.
The following week he came into the kitchen while she was preparing the Sunday lunch and perched on a stool beside her.  She knew then that he had decided to go and did not know how to tell her.  Whenever Tom had something difficult to say to her he would approach her in the kitchen and ask her what she was doing.
‘Is that a chicken risotto Mum?’ he asked. 
‘Yes.’
‘Are you going to put red pepper in it?’
‘You know I am, we always have it with red pepper.’
‘Good, I’m starving.’
‘What is it Tom?  What do you want to ask me?’
He looked away, studying the view across the river.  She waited, following his gaze to the swans gliding past, still white ships, their wings slightly raised behind them like half furled sails, but he still said nothing.
‘So when are you going to visit your father?’ she asked.
He looked at her with that innocent expression of surprise that he still managed to retain, even though he was now turned eighteen.  She tried to suppress a smile.
‘Did you think I didn’t know?’
‘I thought I’d go next week, there’s a really cheap flight to Malaga from Gatwick on Tuesday.’
‘How long will you be away?’
She tried to keep the tremor out of her voice.  She felt unreasonably anxious about him going but she had known, as soon as she saw Harry’s handwriting on the envelope that Tom would go to see him.  That’s how Tom was, he forgave easily and wholeheartedly.  He was not going to let the fact that he had not heard from his father in thirteen years stand between him and a chance to get to know the man he still called Dad.
‘A couple of weeks, that’s all.’
‘Are you sure it’s a good idea?  After all you’ve got a big year next year, I thought you planned to spend most of the summer studying?’ she continued.
‘I can do both Mum, I might even take some of my books with me.’
‘But what about the expense?’
‘Dad’s sending me some money to pay for the flight.’
So he had already spoken to his father.
‘How long will you stay there?’ she asked again, desperately searching for a valid reason why he should spend the summer with her.
‘As I said, two, maybe three weeks, it depends on how I get on.’
She knew what he meant, it would depend on whether his father’s new wife would make him welcome or not.
‘Won’t you be bored away from your friends for so long?  I thought you and Sam were planning to go cycling?’
‘Yeah, maybe.  We haven’t arranged anything yet.  Don’t worry Mum, I’ll be alright.’
She heard a knock on the front door.
‘That’ll be Ian, go and let him in, will you Darling.’
Ian always came round for lunch on a Sunday, it was a habit that had started not long after she and Harry were divorced.  She had always liked the tradition of a Sunday lunch.  Being the ex-Mrs Wilkinson now she was rarely invited to Phoebe’s for lunch and would not have gone with Ian in tow, even if she had been.  Sometimes they drove to Nottingham to see Teddy, but mostly the four of them stayed at home and Barbara cooked.  Her new life kept her so busy that she did very little cooking these days and when she did it was a quick Bolognese, or pizzas, she had even taken to picking up ready-made meals from Marks and Spencers when she was too tired to contemplate anything else.  So Sunday was the one day when she could do what she really enjoyed most and that was shut herself in the kitchen and create something wonderful for her family to eat.  She cooked the usual roast from time to time, because that was Tom’s favourite, but she also made game pies in the winter, or a Boeuf a la Mode, swimming in gravy and surrounded by vegetables from their own garden, she cooked the traditional dishes such as Lancashire hotpot and Irish stew, French cassoulet and steak and kidney pie.  In the summer she poached salmon and made salads or marinated steaks for Ian to cook on the barbecue and no matter what the season, there was always a wonderful range of desserts to enjoy. Even the children kept to the ritual, changing arrangements so that they could eat at home before meeting up with their friends later, or, as they grew older, bringing friends along to share in the feast.  Barbara thought it was because so much else had changed in their lives that they were hanging on to this particular family practice, and maybe she too found a stability in it that was not in the rest of her life.  
All through that week she continued to come up with reasons why her son should not to go, but Tom would just smile reassuringly at her and change the subject.  He was going to visit his father no matter what she said to dissuade him.  She drove him to the airport and watched as he made his way through to the departure hall, he paused and waved to her before being swallowed up in a queue of holiday-makers.
As she walked sadly back to her car she wondered if he realised that the real reason for her concern, which she tried to hide even from herself, was that she was worried that he would prefer his father’s company to hers, that he would want to stay in Spain and make it his home, that he would come to consider Margery as his new mother.  Illogical fears she told herself but nevertheless they remained, nagging away in the back of her mind all the time he was away, eating at her, resurfacing to torment her when she lay in bed at night.

She did not hear from Doug until about three weeks after Mary’s visit.  Then one evening he rang:
‘Hi there Barbara, it’s Doug.  I’ve had an idea.  Have you thought of producing picnic size condiments?  You could do a range of relishes in plastic sachets.  I’m sure they’d go down a bomb.’
‘Sounds interesting.’
‘I’ve been looking at the cost of packaging and there’s a company in Slough that could do it for a reasonable price.  I thought we might take a run over there on Thursday if you’re not busy.  There’s a really smart hotel nearby, “The Black Swan”, we could make a day of it, lunch, the works.’
‘No, I’m not busy, that would be fine.’
‘OK then. Pick you up around ten.’
‘Right, see you on Thursday.’
As she replaced the receiver she realised how fast her heart was beating, the sound of his voice had set her adrenalin racing again.  Each time he called she was sucked back into a pattern that had been created by him to suit his needs, yet it suited her too.  Or did it?  She recalled Mary’s words, it was true, she was not getting any younger.  And then there was Ian, she was very fond of Ian but he did not excite her in the way Doug did.  She knew he wanted to marry her, he had hinted on many occasions that they would make a fine couple.  She tried to imagine being married to him, it would be a comfortable life, safe and secure, she was certain of that.  Ian would make a loving, caring husband.  What was holding her back?  He had been a loyal friend for years, the children adored him and he loved her, she knew that.  She realised that Doug had never told her he loved her, not once in all the years they had been sleeping together.  Tears came into her eyes, this was not what she wanted.  She had been so happy before Harry had left her, her life had seemed perfect.  She had two wonderful children, a beautiful home and a husband that loved her, or so she thought, she would not have changed a thing.  But change there had been and for the sake of the children she had assumed a new role: that of breadwinner.  She was not unhappy, she moved on, past Harry, past the deceit, past the betrayal.  Again she remembered Mary’s words, how well her friend knew her.  There was an emptiness in Barbara’s life that Doug, for all his charm could not assuage.  Yes she had changed, circumstances had seen to that, but deep inside she was still the same person.  She needed to love and be loved in return, she needed the warmth of companionship.  Sylvia was at university now and only came home when she had run out of money or needed more clean clothes, Tom, if he got the results he wanted, would be going to university the following year.  That would leave Barbara on her own.  Already the house seemed empty with Tom in Spain and only her and the dog at home, the thought of coming back to an empty house, night after night was not an attractive one.  It was not a future she was looking forward to.

She was trying to make sense of a printout of the monthly accounts that Rachel, her able accountant had left on her desk, when her telephone rang.
‘Mrs Wilkinson, it’s Mr Routh for you on line one.’
‘Thanks, Joyce.’
She pressed the button and was connected to Ian.
‘Ian, this is a surprise.’
He hardly ever telephoned her at the factory.
‘Hello Barbara, sorry to telephone you at work, I know Wednesday’s a busy day for you.  Someone has just given me two tickets for the Mill at Sonning, they’re for this evening.  I thought if you weren’t busy we could go.’
‘That sounds great, I’d love to.  What is it?’
She waited while he read from the ticket:
‘“Abigail’s Party”.  Have you heard of it?’
‘Yes, I saw it on the television, years ago.’
‘So, is that alright?’
‘Perfect.’
She and Harry had gone to the Mill once to celebrate their wedding anniversary, she could not remember which one it had been.  It was after the children were born, because she remembered Mary babysitting for them. 
‘Apparently there’s dinner included.  It starts at eight-fifteen so if you want to eat we need to be there by six-thirty,’ Ian continued.
She knew he would be anxious about his, Ian hated being late for anything.
‘Don’t worry, I’ll leave work early.  Pick me up at six.’
‘Good.  See you tonight then.’
‘Bye Ian.’
So was it to be Ian tonight and Doug tomorrow?  She felt a tinge of guilt at the situation and sat staring at the telephone wondering whether to ring him back and make some excuse for not going.  
‘Excuse me Barbara, have you finished with the accounts?’
‘Yes, Rachel, they look fine.  I see the profit’s down slightly this month.’
Her eye always went straight to the bottom line.
‘The cost of the new delivery van is in there.  I did suggest we lease it,’ Rachel explained.
‘No, I prefer it like that.’
‘So it’s OK then?’
‘Fine.’
‘By the way, Bert asked me to remind you that you’re due at a production meeting at eleven.’
‘I’m just on my way.’
She handed her the accounts.  Maybe she should think about ending her relationship with Doug, but what could she say without it sounded like an ultimatum?  That was the last thing she wanted.  Well she could not think about it now, she picked up her white coat and hat and made for the processing room.

The play was very funny, even Ian, who preferred more serious entertainment, laughed in all the right places. They filed out with all the other theatre-goers, but instead of going straight to his car, Ian steered her towards the tow-path.
‘It’s such a lovely evening, I thought we could have a short walk by the river,’ he said.
‘I’d like that, I’m still rather full after that enormous meal.’
‘You did have two helpings of Summer Pudding,’ he laughed.
‘What about you and that huge plate of Death by Chocolate.’
‘What a way to go.’
‘Yes, I think maybe a walk will do us both good.’
The air was soft and warm, there was almost no breeze and even the slight chill from the river was not enough to make her put her wrap around her shoulders.  They walked along arm-in-arm, not speaking.  She realised that this was what she enjoyed about being with Ian, it was easy.  She felt totally relaxed in his company, if she did not want to talk there was no uncomfortable silence, if she wanted to disagree about something she could do so without worrying that he would be upset.  There was no need to impress him, or pretend to be something more than she was, she never needed to feel that she had to compete when she was with Ian.  He loved her just as she was.  The path was becoming narrow and she stumbled on a half-hidden tree root.
‘I think we should turn back,’ he said, pulling her towards him to steady her.
‘It’s such a lovely night, I could stay here forever,’ she said.
They turned back towards the bridge, it was illuminated by the lights from the theatre.  She could see the water eddying around its pillars, a silver stream that twisted and turned and vanished into the darkness.  A heron flew low over the water, a black silhouette against the beams of light that danced on the water in a kaleidoscope of colours.
‘Barbara,’ he said, his voice deep and serious.  ‘You know how fond I am of you and the children.
She squeezed his arm in reply.
‘I know we’ve talked about this before but I have to ask you again.’
He hesitated.
‘I can’t sleep for thinking about you, Barbara.  I’ve never felt like this about anyone before, I love you.’
She looked at him in surprise, she knew he was fond of her but she had never thought he felt so strongly.  The thought of Ian, lying in bed, unable to sleep because of her was a revelation.  He was always so controlled in everything he said and did, it seemed his feelings ran deeper than she realised.
‘You know you’d make me very happy if you would marry me,’ he continued.  ‘I know I’m not a young man, I’ll be sixty in a couple of years, but I’m still very fit.  I know I could make you happy.’ 
‘You do make me happy,’ she replied.  ‘I enjoy your company, Ian.’
She had guessed this was coming, Ian had been very quiet all evening.  She had known there was something on his mind.
‘It’s ten years since the divorce,’ he continued.
‘Nine.’
‘OK, nine years.  Don’t you think it’s time to move on?’
‘I have moved on Ian, I just haven’t wanted to get married again.’
He did not reply but she knew he was disappointed.  She squeezed his arm again.
‘Let me think about it,’ she said at last.
‘So you’ll consider it?’
‘Of course I will.  I’m very fond of you Ian and I think you’d make a wonderful husband.’
‘But?’
‘It’s a big step.’
‘We don’t have to get married if you don’t want to, we can live together.  I could sell my flat and move in with you or we could both sell up and buy something completely different.  I just want you in my life, Barbara.’
‘I promise you I will think seriously about it and we’ll talk about it again at the weekend.’

That evening when he dropped her off at home, she did not ask him in, making a feeble excuse about having to be up early the next morning, but she did let him kiss her goodnight and she felt his passion as he held her close to him.  
Once his car had turned out of the drive and the darkness descended once again, she picked up the telephone and rang Mary.
‘Hi, I hope it’s not too late?’
‘No, we’re just watching the end of a film and I’ve seen it before anyway.  What is it?  Is something the matter?’
‘I just needed someone to talk to.’
‘OK, hang on, I’ll take the phone out into the hall.’
She could hear the television and Bill’s voice asking who it was then Mary was back on the line.
‘That’s better, I can hear what you’re saying now.  So what’s happened?’
‘It’s Ian, he’s asked me to marry him.’
‘So, what’s new?  He’s asked you dozens of times.’
‘Yes, but he says he loves me, he wants me in his life.  He even suggested we live together.’
‘My, he’s got it bad.  I never thought Mr Prim and Proper would consider living in sin.’
‘He’s not that prim and proper, it’s just the way solicitors are.’
‘So, what did you say?’
‘I said I’d think about it.’
‘What’s to think about?  He’s not bad looking, he’s got plenty of money, he gets on well with the kids and he loves you.  Go for it, girl.’
‘But I don’t love him, at least not the way I loved Harry.  I don’t even fancy him the way I fancy Doug.’
‘Barbara, you were seventeen when you met Harry, you’re not the same person any more.  You’re not still in love with him, are you?’
‘No, of course not.’
‘And Doug, well you know that’s lust pure and simple.  It won’t last forever.’
Barbara giggled.
‘I know, but it’s nice while it does.’
‘Be serious.  This could be your last chance.  Doug is never going to ask you to marry him.’
‘To be honest, I don’t think I would want to anyway,’ she replied.
‘And Ian isn’t going to wait around forever.  I’m surprised he’s waited this long, he must really have the hots for you.’
Thinking of Ian having the hots for anyone made both women laugh.
‘Well he did get a bit passionate tonight,’ Barbara added.
‘Don’t you feel anything for him?’ Mary asked.
‘Of course I do.  I told you, I’m very fond of him.’
‘Do you know what I think?  This affair of yours with Doug is clouding the issue, you can’t see your true feelings for Ian because you feel guilty about cheating on him.’
‘How can I be cheating on him?  I haven’t promised him anything.  We’re just friends.’
‘You’re using him, Barbara.  And you’re leading him on, he’s there whenever you call, he knows your family and friends, he eats with you at least twice a week, sometimes more, he is like a father to your children and the only thing you won’t allow him is access to your bed.  Sometimes I wonder why he stands for it.  You want both men, one for sex and one to take care of you.  But you can’t have it that way forever.’
Barbara was silent, Mary had never spoken to her like this before.  Her words stung.  Before she could reply, Mary continued:
‘I think you’re right, you do have to think about it.  You should think long and hard because if you don’t, you’ll lose a man who truly loves you and you’ll probably be thrown over by Doug as soon he finds someone younger that he fancies.’
Barbara did not know what to say.
‘I’m sorry Barbara, but I can’t stand by and watch you throwing away your chance of a happy marriage.  Just because Harry turned out to be a sod, doesn’t mean every man will be the same.  Why don’t you give Ian a chance.’
‘I don’t know,’ Barbara began.
‘Look I’d better go, the film sounds as though it’s finished.  Bill will want to go to bed.’
Barbara put down the telephone.  There was a lot of sense in what Mary had said.  Emotionally she was a mess.  Harry’s betrayal had left her suspicious and wary of all men.  That was why she liked the relationship with Doug, it was sex, nothing more.  She could not blame him, he had never promised her anything, not love, not loyalty, not even friendship.  They were business colleagues who enjoyed having sex together, that was all.  She smiled sadly, it could just as easily have been golf, or tennis.  It was a physical activity from which they both derived a lot of pleasure.  Maybe it was time to move on.

The packaging factory was on a small trading estate, in a low, brick building tucked behind the cooling towers.  A rather attractive, but dour, middle-aged man greeted them in the reception area.  He handed them white coats and caps and once they were suitably dressed, led them through into the wrapping room.
‘Sorry about this,’ he said, indicating the protective clothing.  ‘But we wrap a lot of foodstuffs and the hygiene people are pretty strict.  This is the Christmas pack for a local confectionary company.’
Chocolate covered slabs were being fed between mechanical arms that steadied them, lined them up and guided them into the stainless steel wrapping machine that formed a sheath around each bar and heat sealed it into place.  Barbara recognised the name on the products as they emerged fully clothed in their bright, shiny wrappers, they were Tom’s favourites.  She watched the colourful stream of chocolate bars continue along the conveyor belt towards a line of anonymous women packers, all identically dressed in white coats and with their hair caught up in hairnets.  They paused for a moment to watch the women’s nimble hands stack the bars into the festive Christmas boxes before their guide led them into a second room where a complicated network of machines was taking a thick red liquid from a large, stainless steel drum and injecting it into small sachets before heat sealing them closed.
‘Tomato ketchup,’ he explained.  ‘This would be the sort of process we would use to package your relishes, slightly larger sachets of course and clear plastic so that the contents could be clearly seen.  If you come with me into the office I’ll show the ideas I have for the packaging.’
They followed him into a tiny, crowded office situated at the rear of the reception area.  His desk was piled high with papers and the floor was littered with cardboard boxes, before she could sit down he had to remove a stack of trade magazines from the only available chair.
‘Sorry about the mess, we’re in the process of moving offices.’
Barbara perched herself on the edge of the chair and listened while he expounded his ideas.  She could see that Doug was not really interested and she herself felt less than enthusiastic.  When they had looked at the last of the designs and he had given her a copy of the projected costs they thanked him for his time, informed him that they would consider his ideas and be in touch by the end of the week.  They waited until they were both seated in Doug’s new Jaguar before either one spoke.
‘I’m not sure it’s what I want to do,’ she said at last, as they drove out of the car-park.  ‘I think I’d sooner wait until one of the supermarkets actually asks me to provide a picnic-size version than invest money in something we may find difficult to sell.’
‘You’re probably right, it’s quite a commitment.  Have you looked at his figures?’
‘It’s not that, I just don’t want to diversify too much.  It seems too risky.’
‘Fine.  Anyway if you are ever asked for picnic-size relishes now you know where to go.’
‘So we’ll leave it for now?’ she asked.
‘If that’s what you want, yes.’
She took a deep breath, it was now or never.
‘Doug, there’s something I want to say.’
She could feel her stomach churning and her hands had become hot and clammy, she hated any confrontation.  Even as a child she had always been the peacemaker, the one who sought a solution for any arguments, who would agree to differ rather than meet a conflict head on.  She took a tissue from her handbag and wiped her hands slowly.
‘Yes?’
‘Look, I don’t want to spoil our working relationship and I especially don’t want to spoil our friendship, but..’
She hesitated.
‘But?’
He kept his eyes on the road ahead but she could see the hint of a smile working away at the corners of his mouth.
‘I really value our friendship, Doug and you’ve been so good to me, investing money in my business, giving me advice.  I really appreciate all you’ve done.’
‘But?’
‘It’s about the hotel.’
‘It’s supposed to be excellent.  There was a write-up in the Times about it only last week, highly recommended.  I thought you’d like it.  But it doesn’t matter we can always cancel and go somewhere else instead.  Whatever you want.’
‘No, no, it’s not that.  I’m sure the hotel is wonderful.  Look Doug, this relationship isn’t working, well not for me at any rate.  I’m too old for casual sex.  I’m sorry, I’d like us to return to how we were before, just colleagues.  No more nights together.’
He turned and looked at her and for a brief moment she thought she saw a more vulnerable version of the man she knew, then it vanished and the old confident exterior fell back into place.
‘OK Barbara, just as you like.  It was only sex after all, I thought you enjoyed it as much as I did.’
‘I did, I do, it’s just not enough for me.  I thought I could cope with it but I can’t.  I like sex but there has to be more.’
‘Don’t apologise Barbara, you want the complete package and you know I can’t give it to you.  It’s that simple.’
‘But we can continue to be friends?’
‘Of course.’
‘And your investment?  I could always borrow the money from the bank to pay you back, I’m sure they will look on me much more favourably now.’
‘No way, I want to reap some profit from this business of yours.  No, you’re quite right, we should never have mixed business and pleasure.  We’ll go back to as we were, think no more about it.’
Was it her imagination or was he less confident than his words suggested.  They drove in an easy silence for a bit then he said:
‘I suppose you don’t object to having lunch with me?’
‘Of course not.’
‘The table’s booked at The Black Swan, so we might as well go there, I’ll cancel the room when we arrive.’
‘Fine.’
‘So why the change of heart?’ he asked at last.
‘Ian’s asked me to marry him,’ she blurted out before she could stop herself.
‘Congratulations.’
‘I haven’t accepted yet.’
He turned and looked at her.
‘But I thought that was what you wanted?’
‘It is.’
‘So, what’s stopping you?’
There was no way she could tell him.
‘Is it because of us?’
‘I suppose so.’
‘Oh Barbara, don’t be silly.  I’m very fond of you, you must know that, but marriage.  No way.  I tried that and it was a disaster.  If you want marriage and roses round the door I’m not for you, you know what I’m like.’
‘I never had any expectations,’ she said.
‘Look, Ian will never hear about our liaison from me, I promise you.  I may not want to settle down with my women, but I never tell tales on them.’
With a jolt, she realised that she had not been the only woman in Doug’s life, there was a plurality in his statement that told it all.  How could she have thought that he would stay faithful to her all this time?  What a fool she was.
‘Doug, look do you mind, but I really don’t feel like lunch today.’
‘If that’s what you want.  It’s a pity though, they do a wonderful Beef Wellington.’
He turned the car round at the next roundabout and drove her home. 

Tom was due back at six, she took the afternoon off work and drove to Gatwick to collect him.
When she saw her teenage son hurrying towards her, beaming all over his face and bursting with news, she knew he was glad to be home.  As she hugged him in the arrivals hall at Gatwick Airport, amidst other emotional travellers, she started to cry, so great was the relief to have him with her again.

CHAPTER 17

Tom was eighteen when his father finally contacted him and invited him to come and stay for the summer holidays.  He knew that his mother did not approve but he went anyway.  He had never been to Spain before, his holidays usually involved trips to the Lake District or cycling in the Pennines with the mates from the cycling club.  Even when he was a child the only holidays his mother could afford to take him on were to Cornwall, to stay with an old school-friend, who lived in a ram-shackle farm with her three children, all much younger than him, and an Irish wolfhound.  
His father collected him from the airport.  Tom was surprised that he had changed so little, greyer and much more tanned than he remembered from the photos but otherwise the same.  He held out his hand to him, unsure what to do, but his father stepped forward and enveloped him in his arms, hugging him tightly against his chest as if frightened he would turn and leave.  After a moment Tom pulled back, happy to receive such affection, but nervous and unsure how to respond.
‘My, just look at you, a man already and shaving too.’
Tom raised his hand self-consciously to his chin, touching the sparse whiskers that were beginning to re-grow after his last shave, two days previously.  He smiled awkwardly.
‘Hello Dad.’
‘I would never have known you.  Good job you sent me that picture.’
‘It’s been a long time.’
A touch of resentment made him move away.
‘Here let me take your bag.’
‘No, Dad, it’s OK.  I can manage.’
The drive home was awkward, his father tried to make conversation but neither knew what to say to each other after so many years, so much time had passed, so much had happened that it was hard to begin.  His father had missed most of his childhood, he did not know about Tom’s Saturday job delivering newspapers, how he had got up at six o’clock every morning, gone out in all weathers to earn some money and how he had saved for three years to buy his BMX, he had not heard that Tom had passed ten GCSEs and was waiting for the results of his A Levels.  He was not aware that Tom had a metal pin in his right arm after falling out of the apple tree in Jimmy’s back garden when he was ten years old, he did not know that Tom had been the centre forward for the school team when they won the Inter-Schools Challenge two years before, he knew nothing of his son’s life and nothing about his aspirations.  What was Tom to him, a clean sheet ready for him to write the story of his son’s life or a closed book that he would try to open?  Tom was his son, but Tom was also the sum of all those experiences of which his father lay in ignorance.   
Tom listened to the hum of the air conditioning and looked out of the window.  His father continued to ramble on about how long it had been and how he hoped this would be the first of many visits.
‘Can we put the radio on Dad?’ he asked politely.
‘Of course, Tom.’
His father pressed the self-tuner a few times until he found some music and then lapsed into an uneasy silence. The drive to his villa was of little interest to Tom at first, they were part of a steady stream of motorway traffic heading west and the views from the car were unremarkable: distant mountains, blue and hazy, glimpsed between gaps in unending rows of billboards advertising everything from holiday homes to electric drills, sprawling housing estates clinging to the sides of the hills, their swimming pools glinting blue and silver in the sun, theme parks, leisure centres, DIY hyper-markets, conference centres, shopping malls.  Then at last they turned off the motorway and headed up into the mountains, the land was greener, covered in rock roses and broom, wild oleanders filled the valley floor, a ribbon of red and white flowers that snaked along beside the narrow riverbed.  Overhead buzzards hovered, hanging high above them in a cloudless sky.  The houses they passed were fewer now, set behind hedges of bright hibiscus and high security fences and well screened from the road.  They had wide driveways, impressive gates, triple garages and burglar alarms.  Tom wondered what sort of people lived behind their doors.  Were they Spanish, or ex-pats?  Was that house with its crenellated tower the home of a self-exiled bank-robber?  Did a member of the Russian mafia live in that one with security lights that were bigger than the floodlights at his local football stadium?  He had read about the sort of people that liked to make the Costa del Sol their home.  Was this where his father lived?  The road twisted and turned, sometimes seeming to double back on itself before continuing its climb, Tom could see the sea now, a long stretch of the coast unfurling below them, its hotels and apartment blocks small and insignificant, a tongue of white foam drifting along the beach.  His father stopped outside some large metal gates and pointed a remote control at them, with a click and a whirr the gates slid smoothly back to let them through.  He parked the car in the drive and walked around the side of the house, calling Margery’s name.  Tom followed, his stomach churning with apprehension.
It was the first time he had met Margery.  The image that he saw that day would stay with him for many years: she had just climbed out of the pool, her curly blonde hair was plastered against her head and water was running down her face and along the sleek lines of her body to her long, tanned legs.  She wore a black bikini and she looked so beautiful that at first he could not speak.  Then she had hugged him, oblivious to the fact that she was soaking his new Nike T-shirt.
‘You must be Tom.  I’m so pleased to see you,’ she said.
He stood there looking at her, unable to form the words that politeness expected from him, while inside his heart trembled with emotion.  Although she was probably in her forties, to his teenage mind she seemed a goddess.
‘What’s the matter, tongue-tied?’ his father asked.
‘Hello,’ Tom managed at last.
‘Did you have a good flight?’ she asked, her eyes never leaving his face.
‘OK.’
‘Here give me a hand to take your bags to your room,’ his father said.
Tom tore his gaze away from his step-mother and picked up his rucksack.
‘I’ve not brought much,’ he said.  ‘Mum said I wouldn’t need a lot of clothes.’
‘She’s quite right,’ said Margery.  ‘At least not in the summer.’
‘Margery has put you in the Green Room as she calls it, although I don’t know why it still has that name, there’s been nothing green in there since the last time we decorated.  But the name has stuck.’
His father seemed to be rambling a bit, as though he was nervous.  He looked at him, maybe he was as unsure about this visit as Tom was. 
‘I’ll just get changed and then I’ll come and see if you need anything,’ Margery called.
‘Thank you,’ Tom replied.
A white fluffy dog bounded up to him, tail wagging in greeting.
‘There you are Jess, I wondered what was taking you so long to come and investigate our new visitor,’ said his father.
Tom bent down and stroked the excited dog.
‘She’s wet,’ he said.
‘She’s either sneaked into the pool when Margery wasn’t looking or she’s been in the fish pond again.’
Tom laughed.
‘So you’re a naughty dog, are you?’ he said to Jess.
The dog gave a short bark and dashed away.
‘You wouldn’t think she was six, would you?’ his father commented.  ‘She’s still as lively as a puppy.’
Tom followed him into the cool exterior of the house and through a narrow passage.
‘Here we are.  This is your room.’
He dumped the bag on the bed and pulled back the curtains.
‘Margery usually keeps the curtains drawn during the day to keep out the sun,’ he explained.
Tom looked out of the window. His room overlooked the garden, he could see the dog, rooting beneath an olive tree.
‘You might like to get changed into something cooler before you come down,’ his father suggested.
‘OK Dad.’
His father looked at his watch.
‘There’ll be time for a swim before lunch if you want one.’
Tom opened his bag and took out his swimming trunks.
‘I’ll let you get on then,’ his father said.  ‘Come down when you’re ready.’
‘OK.’
Tom waited until the door had closed behind him and then pulled off his clothes and tossed them on the bed.  He could see his step-mother walking towards the dog, she seemed to be telling it off but the dog was unperturbed.  He pulled on his swimming trunks and picked up a towel that lay folded on the end of his bed.
‘Tom,’ a woman’s voice called.
‘Coming.’

Margery found that the time passed more quickly with Tom in the house, once he had overcome his initial shyness he was easy company, undemanding in his eating habits and happy to spend most of his days lazing by the pool, listening to his private store of music or playing with Jess.   She stood at the window watching him talking to his father, since he had arrived Harry had been different.  She could not believe that her husband could have so much restraint, he still drank, but when he was with Tom it was nothing more than beer or the odd glass of wine with his meal.  She could see that he was determined that his son would not see him drunk.
‘Anyone want a drink?’ she called out to them.
‘A coke would be nice, thank you,’ Tom replied.
‘Beer for me.’
Tom turned to his father.
‘Come on Dad, I’ll race you,’ he said.
‘Standing dive start then.’
‘OK.’
‘You can be the judge Margery,’ said Tom.
‘Alright.  Ready? Steady, go,’ she called and stepped back just in time to avoid the spray of water as the two men dived into the pool.
They struck out for the far end, encouraged by Jess, who ran alongside, barking her approval.  Tom’s hand reached home first.
‘I won,’ he shouted.  ‘Let’s make it there and back this time.’
‘OK, but then I need a break, you have the advantage of youth, young man.’
They set off again and this time Tom won by half a length.  Harry pulled himself out of the pool and lay on the side, panting.
‘God, you’ll be the death of me, lad.’
‘What about you Margery?  I’ll give you a start,’ Tom promised.
‘Later.  Why don’t you see how many lengths you can do without stopping while your Dad and I have a drink?’
He laughed and toppled backwards into the water with a splash that soaked them.
‘Coward,’ he called, as he swam away.
‘He seems to be enjoying himself,’ she said to Harry as she passed him the beer.
‘Yes, he is, isn’t he.’
‘What a pity he didn’t come out here when he was younger,’ she said.  ‘It’s so nice having children around the place.’
‘He’s hardly a child.’
‘I know but he’s still a boy, isn’t he.  Look at him.’
Tom had given up counting lengths and was busy seeing how long he could remain submerged before bursting to the surface for air.
Harry smiled.  It was the happiest she had seen him in a long time and the soberest.  If only it could last, she said to herself.  She wondered if this was how he was with his children before she knew him.  For the first time she realised what a great father Harry would have been if they had had any children themselves.  Then she reminded herself that it was an illusion, a good father would probably not have left his children in the first place and certainly would not have waited thirteen years before getting in touch.  She and Harry never spoke of having children anymore, she had come to terms with the fact that she would never be a mother.  Some days she felt the disappointment more than others but there was nothing she could do about it, she was too old now to become pregnant.  As she watched Tom cavorting in the pool she felt suddenly bitter towards his mother, Margery may have won the husband but at the end of the day it was Barbara who had the children and would one day probably have grandchildren.   For a moment Margery felt very much alone, excluded from the relationship that was re-blossoming between father and son. 
‘When does Tom have to go?’ she asked.
‘The end of next week.’
‘I can’t believe that the time has gone so quickly.’
‘Is that the ’phone?’ Harry asked.
‘I’ll get it.’
It was Julie.
‘Hey.  Darren wants to know if Tom would like to come over and play tennis, he and his mates have arranged to play around sevenish.’
‘I’ll ask him.  Hang on.’
‘Tom,’ she called.  ‘Do you want to go over to Julie’s and play tennis with Darren this evening?’
A brief wave before he disappeared once more below the water suggested that he did.
‘Yes, he’d love to.  I’ll bring him round about seven then.’
‘Great.  I’m going to barbecue if you and Harry want to join us.’
‘Sounds lovely.’
Julie’s eldest son, Darren was a few months younger than Tom and the two of them seemed to get on very well.  He had taken Tom around the teenage haunts of the area and introduced him to his friends.  At first she had been anxious about him going out without them but as Julie had pointed out boys that age did not want to be with their parents all the time.
By the time she had finished talking to Julie, Tom had wearied of the water and was wrapped in a towel and sitting next to his father.
‘Alright if I ring Mum?’ he asked.  ‘I promised I’d ring every week.’
‘Of course it is, son.’
The boy tied the towel around his waist and went inside, the water dripping from his wet trunks leaving a trail behind him.  Two minutes later he was back.
‘That was quick.  Couldn’t you get through?’ Margery asked.
‘Mum was out, I spoke to Sylvia.’
‘How is your sister?’ Harry asked.
Margery knew he had been waiting for Tom to tell him about his sister but until now the boy had not mentioned her name.
‘She’s OK.’
‘Does she still live at home?’ Margery asked.
‘At the weekends, she’s at Leicester University.’
‘Does she have a boyfriend?’
‘Yes, a guy called Richard.  He’s OK.’
Margery saw Harry look up in surprise.
‘A boyfriend?’
Tom sat down on the ground and took a can of coke from the tray.   He pulled back the tab and took a long drink from it.
‘What’s he like?’ asked Harry.
‘Bit of a geek, but otherwise he’s OK.’
‘She’s been going out with him for years, they’re going to get married, she says.’
‘What does your mother think about it?’ Harry asked.
Tom looked at him.
‘Doesn’t she think that Sylvia is a bit young to be talking about marriage?’ he persisted.
‘Don’t know.  She’s never said anything.  You know Sylvia, she does what she wants.’
That is the problem, Margery thought, Harry does not know her and probably will never get to now.  When he wrote to Tom suggesting that he come and visit them during the holidays he had also invited Sylvia but she had refused.  Tom had tried to make some excuse for her but it was obvious that she was not about to forgive her father for what he had done to them.

The house seemed empty without him, even Jess missed him.  She sat outside the Green Room, whining until Margery took her inside and showed her that it was empty, the jumble of clothes no longer strewn across the floor, the bed stripped and covered with only a counterpane, no wet towels hanging on the window sill, no magazines on the floor, no empty coke cans lined up on the bedside table, the tennis racquet back in its rack in the garage, and most noticeable of all, no music blaring from his music centre.  The room was clean, sterile, stripped of his presence.  Margery sat on the edge of the bed, stroking Jess’s head.
‘I expect he’ll come and see us again next year,’ she told the dog.
She felt surprisingly sad at the departure of this young man, related to her only by marriage and who, until a month ago, she had never met.  The sound of the telephone ringing roused her from her reverie.
‘Margery,’ Harry shouted up the stairs.
‘I’m up here.’
Slowly she stood up and ushered the dog from the room.
‘It’s Gerry, for you.  They’re having another baby.’
She picked up the extension in the bedroom.
‘Hi Gerry, what this I hear?’
‘Hi Marge, yes isn’t it great.  He’s due in October.’
‘So it’s a boy?’
‘Well I’m guessing really, Chris doesn’t want to know the sex beforehand.  He’s says as long as it’s healthy, that’s all that matters.’
‘So what does little Nicky think about it?’
‘She’s really excited, she goes round telling everyone that Mummy’s got a baby in her tummy.  It can be rather embarrassing when she tells complete strangers.’
‘So we won’t be seeing you this summer then?’
‘No, we’ll have to give it a miss this year.  We need to concentrate on finding a bigger place to live.  I want to move out of London, find a house with a garden.  You know the sort of thing.’
‘Sounds a great idea.’
As Margery listened to Gerry telling her about the houses they had been looking at and what they were planning, she could not help feeling envious, this is what she thought she would have by now: at least one child and maybe another on the way.
‘Better go, Chris moans at me if I chatter for too long on the phone.  Love to Harry,’ Gerry said.
‘Lovely to hear from you Gerry and congratulations, it’s wonderful news.’
She replaced the telephone and went downstairs.
‘I’m going out, I’ll be back late.  You don’t need to wait up for me,’ Harry said.
‘Where’re you going?’ she asked.
‘Arnie wants to see me.’
‘Can’t it wait until tomorrow?’
She did not fancy spending the evening alone.
‘Not really.’
‘So Arnie’s back in Spain then?’
‘Yes, his plane got in this afternoon.’
It had been bliss while Arnie was in England, he had been over there for a couple of months opening up a new club in Manchester.  Harry had been left to oversee Arnie’s establishments in Spain.  It had meant regular trips to each one to check that Arnie was not being swindled in his absence but at least Harry had been able to organise his days according to what suited him best.  Now he would be back at the beck and call of Arnie no matter what time of day it was.
‘I’m sure it could wait,’ she whined.
‘It probably could, Darling, but you know Arnie.  He won’t wait.  He wants to go over everything right away.’
He kissed her.
‘Look I’ll get home as soon as I can, I promise.’
‘OK.’
She sighed.  She had long ago given up the fight over Arnie, for whatever reason, Harry seemed to be tied to this man.  Originally she had hoped he would break away and start something of his own but he seemed be incapable of doing anything without Arnie’s approval.
‘Don’t you have some work to do?’ he asked.  ‘You didn’t do much while Tom was here.’
‘I suppose so, it’s just I don’t feel much like working.’
‘Put your feet up.  You certainly deserve it after a month of running around after my son.’
‘I didn’t mind.  I liked having Tom here.’
‘I know.  You were brilliant.  I’m a lucky man, not every woman would welcome the children of her husband’s first marriage into her home like you did.’
Margery felt annoyed with him.  Here he was again, trying to exclude her.  She was genuinely fond of Tom, not just because he was Harry’s son but because he was a nice young man.  Harry made her feel as though she were the outsider.
‘He’s promised to come again next summer,’ he added.
‘What about Sylvia,’ she asked.  ‘Do you think she’ll come and visit you?’
She had wanted to strike out at him, to burst that smugness and she succeeded.  His face changed, disappointment and guilt fought for supremacy.
‘Who knows,’ he said.
He kissed her cheek.
‘Won’t be late, promise.’
She never did know what time he arrived home that night because she was asleep just after midnight, but the next morning she knew he had returned to his old ways: she found him stretched out on the living room sofa, reeking of stale alcohol and cigar smoke.  

JULY 2009

CHAPTER 18: TOO LITTLE TOO LATE

She was not quite sure exactly when it was that she woke up to the fact that the situation was out of control.  For a long time now Harry had been two different people, at first there had only been glimpses of the monster, the Mr Hyde to his Dr Jekyl and these had been quickly obliterated by the love and kindness of the other, but gradually as the years passed this monster began to take over their evenings, then their afternoons and finally their entire days until only occasional glimpses of her original lover remained.  The monster changed his appearance, turning him from an athletic man, fond of swimming and tennis, who would walk along the beach with the dog for miles before coming home and demanding eggs and bacon for breakfast, into an underweight, nervous creature with rheumy eyes.  He refused to eat regular meals and snacked on chocolate bars and sweets and when she tried to coax him with food he turned on her and accused her of behaving like his mother, he sat all day long watching the television with glazed eyes and drinking beer.  At first she had believed it was just beer he was drinking, until she began to find the empty vodka bottles tucked at the bottom of the rubbish bin, pushed behind a stack of spare tiles in the garage, hidden amongst the towels in the spare bathroom, wedged behind the dog’s old kennel.  So now she started each day with a house search.  It had become a game of wits between them, the more intensively she searched for his hidden cache the more imaginative he became at hiding it.
She turned on the coffee machine and sat down in the kitchen to wait for it to heat up.  Julie had suggested they drive into Puerto Banus and have a look at the sales but she did not have much enthusiasm for shopping.  The truth was that she had little enthusiasm for anything these days.  Her life seemed to be in ruins.  One by one their friends had stopped coming to their house, people no longer telephoned to invite them for dinner or a hand of bridge, Harry’s tennis club subscription lapsed and was not renewed, even Arnie no longer called.  Margery should have felt pleased that the man she despised, who had been controlling their lives for so long, now had no interest in them, but instead she felt angry, even Arnie did not want to be seen in Harry’s company.  As for the rest of their friends and neighbours, their absence gave her nothing but relief.  She had come to dread sitting at a neighbour’s dining table watching Harry gently swaying in his seat as he fixed his host with a glazed look.  Occasionally someone would try to bring him into the conversation and if they were lucky they would receive an incoherent reply before Harry lapsed into his customary silence, if they were unlucky Harry would misconstrue their remarks as a personal attack and a violent row would ensue.  She had begun to invent excuses for not accepting invitations and bit by bit people gave up inviting them.  They dropped off the social map.  Only Julie and Laura continued to ring her and invite her to join them for coffee, or to go to the book club, but even they never invited Harry.
A flashing green light told her that the coffee was ready, she poured herself a cup and took it out onto the terrace.  Automatically she looked for signs of Jess, but Jess was long gone.  She had died of old age four years previously.  Margery had been tempted to have another dog, a canine companion to fill the hole that Jess had left in her heart, but common sense told her otherwise.  Even then she was having trouble with Harry, the only time she could count on him controlling his drinking were those brief times when Tom was with them.  When Harry did venture out of the house it was to spend the evening in a little bar in the village where he sat watching Spanish television without comprehension and drinking sweet strong coffee laced with brandy.  She knew the locals called him “Harry el borracho”, “Harry the drunk”, behind his back and occasionally the owner, Antonio Manuel would telephone Margery to ask her to come and take Harry home.
The crash of something falling in the kitchen told her that Harry was up.  She did not move, whatever it was she would clear it up later.  The coffee was bitter, she stirred a little more sugar into it and sipped it slowly. There was no hurry, there was little to do.  She felt lethargic without the demands of her work to fulfil but there had been no alternative, she could not look after the house, keep an eye on Harry and run her business adequately.  She had given up her market stall last winter when Harry had fallen down the stairs, breaking his arm and splitting his head open.  Since the accident he had come to rely on her more and more.  Even today she was not sure whether she should leave him to go to Puerto Banus with Julie, anything could happen while she was out.  One thing she was sure of was that as soon as she left the house he would get down to some serious drinking.
Her husband wandered out onto the terrace, he was wearing boxer shorts and flip flops.  In the bright morning sunlight he looked like a scarecrow, unshaven, his hair dishevelled, his bloated stomach barely supported by his scrawny buttocks and spindly legs.  He was a man starving to death.  
‘Margery,’ he said by way of greeting and sat down opposite her.  ‘I thought I’d sit and have breakfast with you on the terrace.’
Even his voice had changed.  She was filled with sadness as she looked at him.
‘Did you sleep OK?’ she asked.
‘Not really.  That bed’s bloody uncomfortable.’
She had insisted that he move into the spare room, she could no longer bear to lie beside the stranger that he had become.  
‘Do you want anything to eat?’
‘No, I’ve got a coffee.’
He pulled out a cigarette and tried to light it, his hand was shaking so much that she thought she would have to do it for him, but at last he managed it and sat back puffing contentedly.
‘What was the noise?’ she asked.
He looked at her through sad, yellow stained eyes.
‘The crash in the kitchen,’ she continued.
‘Oh, that was just a mug, I dropped it.’
He sipped his coffee then asked slyly:
‘You going out this morning?’
‘Maybe.  Julie wants me to go to the sales with her but I don’t know whether I’ve got time.’
‘You should go.  Buy yourself something nice.’
‘What will you do?’
‘I’ll watch a bit of telly, I think.  Don’t feel too good this morning.  Must be that fish you made me eat last night, I felt there was something wrong with it at the time,’ he replied.
‘You hardly touched it,’ she retorted.  ‘It was more likely the two bottles of Rioja you knocked off with it.’
‘Look Marge, things are going to change, I promise you.  I’ll stop drinking if that’s what you want.’
‘But when Harry?  You’ve been saying that for a long time now.’
She could not feel any sympathy for him, all she could think about was whether there was any brandy in his coffee cup.  Harry put down his cup and came across and put his arms around her, he stank of alcohol, not just the brandy that obviously laced his coffee but the sweet smell of alcohol that leaked through his pores and soaked his clothes.  She felt sick and pushed him away.  He looked at her like a dog that had been beaten and sat down again.  
Suddenly Margery felt angry, she could not play this game any longer.  She leapt up, spilling her coffee and shouted at him:
‘You’re a pile of shit Harry and you’re never going to change.  Every day you promise to make an effort but you never do.  Why won’t you go to the doctor?  Why won’t you let me take you to Alcoholics Anonymous?  Our lives are drifting away while you sit there in your booze-sodden world.’
There were tears running down his ravaged face now but instead of the tears softening her heart they enraged her further.  
‘I think I’ll go and lie down,’ he said.
‘Yes, do that, why don’t you.’
‘I’m not well,’ he added in a last attempt at enlisting her sympathy.
‘Then let me take you down to see Doctor Garcia.’ she retorted.
Instantly his face hardened.
‘No.  Leave me alone.’
She watched him walk back inside, his gait unsteady, his head bent.  Once she was alone she began to do her rounds.  Her first find was a half-finished bottle of vodka behind the cleaning fluids under the sink then she checked the guest bathroom where a bottle of brandy was stashed amongst the towels, the rest of her round turned up a number of empty beer cans and an empty bottle of Smirnov in the garage.  She tipped the vodka and the brandy down the sink and then put all the empties in a black plastic sack with the rest of the household rubbish.  Her anger was replaced with a feeling of hopelessness, what could she do?  Where did he get it from?  She never bought it for him, either someone was bringing it to the house when she was out or he was getting it at Antonio’s.  It was amazing how devious he could be.  
A vibration in her pocket told her that her mobile was ringing, she flicked it open.
‘Julie?’
‘Hi, just wanted to see if you’re coming?  Laura’s up for it too.  I thought we’d make a morning of it and have lunch in the port.  My treat.’
‘I don’t know, Julie.  I don’t really feel much like it.’
‘Of course you do, it’s just what you need, a bit of retail therapy.  Get away from the house and that husband of yours for a bit.’
A snore from the bedroom told her that Harry was sleeping.  She looked at her watch, it was almost eleven.  She could spend a couple of hours looking round the shops and get back before he woke.
‘OK, but I’ll skip lunch.’
‘I’ll pick you up in ten minutes then.’
‘OK.’
‘Chow.’

She looked at his body spread-eagled in the swimming pool.  He floated face down, his arms spread out in a cross, his long grey hair drifting like the tendrils of some water plant.  She could not move, mesmerized by what had happened.  For the first time in many a year he seemed relaxed, at peace with the world.  She saw the wasted legs and the thin arms and felt a tremendous sadness.  What had happened to the man she had married?  Who was this pathetic creature dying in her pool?
The sound of the telephone awakened her from her trance and she walked slowly into the lounge to answer it.
‘Hi Margery, it’s Jenny.  Just thought I’d ring and wish Harry a happy birthday.  Is he there?  Can I speak to him?’
‘Oh hello Jenny.’
She turned and looked towards the pool.
‘No, I’m sorry, something’s ....  Harry’s dead.’
‘My God, what happened?’
‘He drowned.’
‘Drowned?  When?’
‘I’m sorry Jenny, I have to go.  I have to telephone the police.’
‘Of course.  Look, I’ll teleph......’
Margery replaced the receiver and sat down on the sofa.  There was so much to do, so much to think about but somehow she could not organise her thoughts.  She closed her eyes but she could still see his body floating there.  After a few moments she picked up the receiver again and dialled 112.
‘Que servicio, policia, ambulancia o bomberos?’ the operator asked.
‘Policia,’ she replied, her voice barely audible.
‘Policia?’
‘Si.’
‘Dirección?’
Automatically she went through the details of her address and telephone number.  Almost immediately she was put through to the police department.  Margery explained as briefly as she could how she had come back from shopping and discovered her husband floating in the pool.  

She watched the paramedics pull his body out of the swimming pool and turn it over.  They tilted his head backwards allowing his mouth to drop open, the younger of the paramedics placed a protective sheath around the mouth, pinched Harry’s nose between his thumb and forefinger and began to blow air into his lungs, rhythmically twisting his head in order to suck in clean air and then blowing, sucking and blowing, once, twice.  Then he stopped and placed the heels of his hands on Harry’s breastbone and pumped steadily, counting to himself in Spanish, uno, dos, tres until he reached thirty.  He repeated this ten, twenty times, she was not sure exactly, but Harry did not respond.  He was dead.  She watched the older man place his hand on the young paramedic’s shoulder and shake his head.  They lifted his body onto a stretcher, covered him with a black, plastic body-bag and started to close it.
‘Momento,’ she said.
They stepped back to allow her to get to the body, she bent over and kissed her husband’s cheek.   Already he was growing cold.  She looked at his wasted body with its old man’s limbs and the huge mound of his swollen stomach and searched in vain beneath that yellow ravaged skin for some trace of the man he had once been. She felt no anger now, only sorrow.  Then she stroked his hair gently and murmured:
‘Goodbye Harry, my love.  Goodbye.’
She stepped back and allowed the paramedics to close his black shroud around him and carry him away.  She felt numb.  Harry was dead.

Later that day two policemen came to the house.  Margery was still sitting where the paramedics had left her, she felt unable to move.  She knew there were many things to see to but somehow she had neither the strength nor the will to do them.
‘I’m sorry to disturb you,’ the older of the two policemen said, following her into the living room.  ‘We won’t take up much of your time.  I am Sargento Jimenez and this is my colleague Guardia Duran.’
‘We just want to ask you a few questions,’ the other policeman said.
They waited until they were all seated and then began.
‘Were you in the house when your husband drowned?’ asked Sargento Jimenez.
‘No, I’d gone shopping with a friend,’ she replied, pointing to the pile of carrier bags that were still spread out on the table where she had left them when she had got home.
‘To the sales?  My wife is a sucker for the sales,’ said Guardia Duran.
His superior glared at him.
‘So can you tell me what happened?’ he asked.
‘I was a bit later than I had promised,’ she said.  ‘When I got home I saw that the doors to the terrace were wide open so I assumed Harry was outside.  I called him and when there was no answer I went out to see where he was.’
‘And that’s when you saw him in the swimming pool?’
‘Yes.’
‘Was your husband suffering from ill health?’ he asked.
Margery hesitated, even now her loyalty to her husband made her want to protect him from their criticism.
‘He hasn’t been well for some time,’ she said.  ‘Depressed and drinking rather a lot.’
The younger man scribbled something in his notebook.
‘Had he been drinking this morning?’
‘I don’t know, but I rather suspect so.’
‘The paramedics found a broken vodka bottle by the pool,’ the senior policeman added.
He looked straight at her.
‘Would you say that your husband was an alcoholic?’
She nodded.
‘According to the paramedics he had a cut on his forehead, consistent with striking his head on the edge of the pool.  Has he fallen before?’
‘Yes, a couple of times,’ she said with a sigh.  ‘My husband has been rather unsteady on his feet lately.’
What an understatement she thought.
‘Where are you from Senora Wilkinson?’
‘England,’ she said.  ‘We’re English.’
The young Guardia closed his notebook and muttered something under his breath.  She had the feeling he had seen this scenario before.
‘I think it’s safe to say that your husband’s death was an accident, it appears that he fell while under the influence of alcohol, struck his head on the side of the pool, slipped into the water and drowned.  A dreadful tragedy of course, but an accident.  If you don’t mind, Senora, I would like you to come down to the morgue sometime this evening to make a formal identification of the body and sign some papers.  Then you will be able to dispose of his remains as you wish.’
‘Very well.’
‘Do you have anyone who could come round and stay with you?’ he asked, his tone softening a little.
‘I’ll ring my friend,’ she said.
The two policemen stood up.
‘Thank you for your help Senora Wilkinson.  We’re sorry for your loss.’
She waited until they had left then sat down and telephoned Julie.  And still she could not cry.  When she had realised that Harry was dead her first emotion was not grief but an overwhelming sense of relief.  Now she felt guilty.  How could she feel like that?  Why was her heart so hard?  It was not that she had not loved her husband, she had loved him from the moment they met.  But the man she loved had died long ago, she had already mourned him many times over.  That still figure, lying on the wet tiles, with his bloated, red face and swollen stomach, was not him.  That was the monster he had turned into bit by bit, day by day, drink by drink.  

CHAPTER 19

The big change in Barbara’s life had come when “Country Products” had decided to buy out her company the year before.  Doug as usual had been the one to tell her about their plans, he had invited their Managing Director, Christopher Little to visit her premises and arranged for Barbara to meet him.  He was a young man, who had not held the position of MD for long, but he seemed to know what he wanted.  She thought he had looked impressed with what he saw and, as they made their way back to her office, he explained to her that her relishes and jams were exactly what “Country Products” needed to supplement their already popular range of organic produce.  Then he had left and, for almost two months, she had heard nothing from him, until one morning she received a telephone call inviting her to their head office in Newcastle.  She flew up there the next day and, after listening to his proposal, promised to consider it carefully.  Although she had found his offer very tempting there was a sinking feeling in her stomach as they talked about balance sheets, cash flow statements, margins, implementation dates, she felt she was about to lose a member of her family, as indeed she was. “Windmill Hill Chutneys and Jams” had increased in size over the years, its turnover had grown and the numbers of employees had tripled but, despite that, she had always managed to retain a hands-on approach to the company.  She knew all the staff by name, they were all local people that she had recruited personally.  She knew about their families, how many children they had, where they lived and why they had come to work for her and she felt a responsibility for them all.  Ian had often laughed at her attitude, he said she was better suited to the 19th century than the 21st, that she would want to build them workers’ cottages next.  So when she returned from Newcastle although the first things she did were discuss the offer with Doug and Ian, then seek professional advice from her accountants, she would not accept the seventeen million pounds that “Country Products” wanted to give her, until she had called a meeting of all her staff and assured them that their jobs were safe, at least for the next twelve months.  She had been unable to persuade Christopher Little to commit himself to any further guarantees.  So once again her life had changed, now, not only was she married, she was a woman of leisure and wealthy as well.

She had married Ian one frosty, day at the end of 2000.  They had kept the ceremony simple, inviting only their respective family members and a handful of close friends.  After much discussion they decided to keep Barbara’s house and so Ian sold his flat and moved in with her.  There did not seem to be much difference, she realised she had become used to his presence about the house and the only big change was that now, instead of kissing her affectionately goodnight and driving back to Maidenhead, he was there beside her in their new, king-sized bed.  Whether because of his long, enforced celibacy, or because they were so comfortable with each other in every other way, the sex when it eventually happened was everything she could have wanted.  Ian turned out to be a passionate and thoughtful lover and more than once Barbara wondered why she had held him at arm’s-length for so many years.  
‘Barbara, it’s Tom on the ’phone, he sounds upset,’ Ian said, handing her the handset.
She wiped her hands on her pinny and took the telephone.
‘Tom?  Everything OK?’ she asked.  ‘You’re still coming over for lunch, I hope.’
‘Hi Mum.  Yes, I’ll be there, don’t worry.’
‘Good, because I’ve bought this lovely piece of top-side.’
‘Mum, Margery telephoned me this morning,’ he said interrupting her.
‘Margery?’
For a moment she did not know whom he meant, then she realised there was only one Margery that they both knew.  She felt her stomach turn over in trepidation.
‘Dad’s dead,’ he said.
‘Your father’s dead?’ she repeated.  ‘Harry, you mean?’
‘Yes Mum, Dad, he’s dead.  He drowned.’
‘When did it happen?’
‘Yesterday.  He was cremated this morning.’
‘So soon?’
She sat down, her legs felt weak.  She had hardly given her ex-husband a thought for years but now the image that came to mind was not of the man who had left her that dismal Sunday morning, desperate to get away from her tears of rage, but rather the handsome teenager, walking her home from school, holding her hand and smiling loving at her.
‘What is it?’ Ian asked, sitting on the settle beside her.
‘Harry’s dead,’ she said.
He took the telephone carefully from her hand.
‘Tom, it’s Ian.  Do you have any details about what happened?’
‘Not really.  He died yesterday and he was cremated this morning.  She wanted me to let the family know.’
‘Did she say anything else?  Is there to be a funeral?’
‘I don’t think so, she didn’t say.’
‘OK, Tom, thanks for ringing.  Will you let Sylvia know?’
‘Yes, I’ll ring her this evening.  Bye Ian.’
The telephone went dead.
‘He sounds very upset,’ Ian told Barbara.
‘He’s the only one who has kept in touch with Harry, so I suppose it’s natural.’
‘Are you alright?’
She wiped her eyes.
‘Yes, I’m fine.  It’s just a bit of a shock.  Do you think we should ring Phoebe?’ she asked.
‘I’ll do it for you.’
‘Maybe we should go over there.’
‘Whatever you want.’
‘Teddy’ll have to be told.’
‘Don’t worry, Tom’s going to ring everyone.  Let me make you a cup of tea.’
‘No, something stronger, I think.’

When the news of Harry’s death had eventually sunk in, Barbara was surprised not by the extent of her grief but by the paucity of it.  In a way Harry had died for her the day he abandoned them for Margery.  She had grieved then but over the years she had grown through it and learned to love again.  Of course she was saddened by the news, but only in the same way she would have been saddened by the untimely death of anyone that she knew.  Maybe it was the suddenness of it and the rapid way in which his remains were dealt with that gave it a sense of remoteness as though it did not really have anything to do with her.  She had not seen Harry for nineteen years, a separation that had lasted as long as their marriage.  She would not miss him because there was nothing to miss.  It was different for the rest of the family, Harry had kept up a loose connection with Teddy and even contacted his mother from time to time, he saw Tom once a year and he would have seen Sylvia, if she had allowed it.  But Sylvia kept her pain hard inside her and it had formed a shell that would not let him enter, she would have nothing to do with him, even spurning him on her wedding day.  Tom had pleaded with her to let Harry give her away or at the least invite him to the wedding, but she would not relent.  It fell to Teddy to step into the role of father of the bride.
Poor Sylvia, she had suffered more than any of them from the divorce.  Up until that point she had always held out the hope that he would return, she tried to comfort her mother by saying things such as “When Daddy gets back ...” or “Daddy will sort that out when he comes home, you see Mummy...” and Barbara would smile and nod sadly, but once he asked for a divorce she just gave up.  It was cruel of him to abandon his children like that, that was one thing Barbara could not forgive him for.  He had always been such a wonderful father and he seemed to think the world of Sylvia, “my little princess” he always called her and he never came home from a trip without some small gift for her.  Even after Tom was born, Sylvia was still his favourite, you could see that.  He had tried to treat them both the same but Sylvia remained his princess, he could not hide it.  So why had he cut her out of his life so completely?  Selfishly Barbara had been glad not to have the hassle of shared weekends and holidays like so many divorced couples, no need to consult him on decisions about schools or universities, no need to be constantly reminded that he now lived with someone else, no fear that the children would be torn in their affections between her and him, no rival for her love.  She had told herself that she was enough for her children, both their mother and father but now with the unerring clarity of hindsight she could see that it had not been true.  What if she had written to him, asked him to come and see them?  What if she had told him how much the children missed having a father?  Would it have made a difference?  Who could tell now, he was no longer there to answer.  True he had eventually written to his children after thirteen years, asking them, begging them even, to visit him in Spain but for Sylvia it was too late, too many years had passed, she had long since stopped talking about him.  He was no longer part of her life.  She tore up his letters and would not answer him.  He sent her presents back with Tom: a yellow spotted bikini with a silk wrap, silver earrings, Moroccan bangles, perfume, a brown leather handbag, Armani sunglasses.  She never wore them and she never acknowledged them.  Barbara wondered what Tom used to say to Margery and his father, she could imagine him lying to please them, saying how nice Sylvia looked in the bikini, how she wore the earrings when she went to the disco, how she had said it was her favourite perfume.  Tom did not like people to be unhappy.  Nothing had changed as far as Sylvia was concerned, not the passing of time or his death had modified her feelings about her father.  It made Barbara sad to see her daughter so bitter.
She had tried to talk to Sylvia about her father many times but her daughter had always cut her out.
‘There’s nothing to talk about Mum, he left us, remember.  It was his choice and now we have to live with it.’
‘But Sylvia, he’s your father, you could at least answer his letters.’
‘Why should I?  Just to make him feel better?  Or is it to make you feel better Mum?  I don’t remember you encouraging me to write to him when I was younger.  What’s different now?’
‘It was a long time ago, I just thought that maybe you would like to see him again.’
‘Well you’re wrong.  As far as I am concerned he doesn’t exist.  If Tom wants to play happy families with him that’s up to Tom but I’m not interested.  Just leave it will you, Mum.’
So Barbara had left it.  Now part of her felt that maybe this was as much her doing as it was Harry’s, she had wanted to protect her children but instead she had added to their suffering.  
OCTOBER 2010

CHAPTER 20: BEFORE THE FUNERAL

‘Where’s she going to stay?
‘Well not with me, that’s for sure,’ Sylvia snapped.
‘Come on Sylvie, you’ve got masses of room.  I’ve only got a small flat,’ her brother protested.
‘How come it’s a small flat when you don’t want to do something and you’d think it was a state-of-the-art penthouse when you’re trying to impress?’
Where it not for their sibling bickering, a casual bystander would never have connected this tall well-proportioned woman, with her mass of curly, red hair, to the rather effete young man by her side.  Tom was slender to the point which could be called skinny and his dark hair hung loosely across his forehead.   He looked at his sister in exasperation.
‘Sorry, I can’t have her with me.  Not now.’
‘Don’t be so wet.  She’s going to find out soon enough and then you’ll have to face up to it.  Anyway it’s what Dad wanted,’ she added.
‘Maybe she’s made her own arrangements,’ he suggested lamely.
‘Maybe.  Let’s wait until she gets here then decide.’
‘No.  She’s not staying with me,’ he reiterated, more strongly this time.
He knew how manipulative his sister could be and determined not to weaken.
‘OK, OK.  Maybe Nan will put her up.’
Her brother gave a snort.
‘She hates her more than you do.’
‘Well she has to stay somewhere.’
‘Book her into a hotel.  There’s quite a cheap one up at Handy Cross.  Then she’ll be out of everyone’s way.’
‘OK, you’re probably right.  I’ll ring now.’
Tom followed his sister into the kitchen and waited while she telephoned the hotel.  He was used to letting her take the decisions, it had always been that way.  When his father had run off with Margery and left his mother heartbroken and struggling to look after her two young children, it had been Sylvia who had held them together.  She had got him ready for school each morning, making sure he washed carefully and ate his bowl of Cheerios, straightening his school tie and brushing his hair, she had made him beans on toast for his supper and made sure he was bathed and in bed by seven.  It was just until Mummy felt better she had explained to him and bit by bit she managed to coax their mother back into caring for them.  He could see now what responsibility she had taken upon her young shoulders and his love for her was mingled with admiration. Then there had been the trauma of the divorce, most of it slipped by him unnoticed but he remembered his mother crying a lot and his Auntie Mary talking in whispers which petered out whenever he entered the room.  Gradually his mother had rebuilt her life and things had returned to normal, she stopped crying, changed her hairstyle, had her ears pierced and went out to work.  
He tried not to think about his father, his death, just a year ago, had upset him deeply.   Margery had telephoned him with the news.  There was nothing they could do, it had all happened so quickly.  There was no time to go to the funeral, within twenty-four hours it was all over.  His father was gone.  Tom was surprised at the depth of his feelings given that he saw him only once a year.  Their relationship was warm but not close, cordial but not intimate, his father behaved more like an uncle wanting to indulge his favourite nephew than a real father.  He did not pry into Tom’s private life and he never criticised his actions, he was interested but not involved.  Now not only was he gone forever, so were Tom’s hopes of establishing a proper relationship with him.  He knew he had been unrealistic, too many years had passed, the gap between them had been too wide to be breached by an annual holiday and a few emails.  Still he was pleased when he heard that Margery had decided to bring his father’s ashes back to England.  There seemed to be a certain comfort in that.

He had been only five years old when his father left and for a long time he felt that he was to blame for his sudden disappearance.  It could not be Sylvia’s fault, everyone loved her.  His father had loved her, he had said so and Tom had heard him tell Sylvia what a good girl she was, always in the top form at school and her teachers all agreeing that she worked so hard that she would do well in her exams.  So it could not have been anything that Sylvia had done, it must have been something he had done, only he could not remember what it was.  He thought his father had loved him too, although he could not remember spending much time with him, his father was always away working and when he was home he was busy, mowing the lawn or fixing something for Mum.   He usually came home on Sunday afternoon and then by Tuesday he was gone again.  One wet Sunday his father had come home and packed a bag and left, his mother had spent the day in her bedroom, crying.  His father did not come home the following Sunday, nor the one after that, he did not telephone Tom, he did not write to him, he disappeared from his life totally.  Tom did not realise until he was much older that this had nothing to do with him or Sylvia but rather with the fact that his mother had managed to obtain sole custody of her children and his father was banished from their lives for good.  At the time all he felt was a sense of abandonment which even now he could never wholly shake off.  
‘Yes, that’s fine.  I’ve made a booking for three nights, that should be long enough I think,’ Sylvia said, replacing the receiver.
‘Are you meeting her at the airport?’
‘No, I think not, she can make her own arrangements.  You just let her know that we’ve booked the hotel for her.’
‘That’s not very friendly.’
‘You go and meet her then.’
The look on Sylvia’s face told him not to press her further so instead he asked:
‘What are the arrangements for the funeral?  Do you know?’
‘No, only what she told you in the email.  It’s to be on Tuesday at 11 o’clock at the church in Frieth.  I think it’s called St John the Evangelist.’
‘Why up there?’
‘Isn’t that where Granddad’s buried?’

Sylvia hated Margery with a passion that was touched with madness.  She had never forgiven her father for what he had done to them.  Unlike Tom she had been old enough to understand what was happening, her mother had been angry when he had told her about Margery but not broken, she had shouted and cried, long, hard, angry cries of rage and impotence but she had not collapsed, weeping and helpless the way she did after he had left.  It was Sylvia who had to help her then, it was Sylvia who took her cups of tea and forced her to eat a little toast, Sylvia who wiped her face with the wet face flannel and put her little arms around her.
‘Please don’t cry Mummy.  Daddy will be back soon,’ she had promised.
But her father did not return and her mother continued to weep.   Now when she looked back on those years from the perspective of a mature woman, a wife and mother, she could not understand how his feelings for her and Tom had changed so quickly.  Nobody and nothing would ever come between her and her daughter she told herself.  Unlike Tom she had known that her father had not contested the custody case, she had overheard her mother telling her uncle Teddy and although she had not fully understood all that was said she was intelligent enough to realise that her father no longer wanted them.  It was as her mother said: he had made a choice between them and this new woman.  At first she had cried but then she became angry and that anger had never really left her.  It had been refuelled when she got married and there was no father to give her away, Teddy had stood in as father of the bride and her mother, looking lovely in her pale blue wool suit had posed for the photographs holding his arm.  It had been refuelled when her daughter was born and Richard’s parents had sat in the hospital with her mother, waiting for the first glimpse of their new grandchild.  It had been refuelled when that same child had come home from school one day asking why she had two grandmas and only one grandpa.
Her father had tried to get in touch just before she left university.  He sent messages via Tom asking her to contact him, he invited her to visit him, even offering to pay her fare, he sent a cheque to his brother to give to her as a wedding present but she never cashed it and it still lay in the bureau drawer, untouched and out of date, later still he invited her and Richard to Spain but although Richard had suggested it was time to forgive and forget she knew she was not ready.  She had clung to her anger like a shield and now that she no longer needed it she felt lost and lonely so she turned her anger on Margery instead.  Why was she disrupting their lives again?  Why could she not have left him in Spain and buried him in her own way?  Why bring him back to England?
‘Do we need to get in touch with Margery about anything else before the funeral?’ Tom asked breaking in on her thoughts.
She looked at him, his face was creased with anxiety.  She knew him so well, even now he was more like a son to her than a brother, always asking for reassurance, always concerned that he might inadvertently upset someone and looking to Sylvia for guidance.
‘I can’t see why.  We know the time and place, we’ll just go straight there.’
‘But what about Mum?’
‘She’ll be alright, Ian will look after her.’
‘It’s going to be really difficult.’
‘Difficult?’
‘Well awkward, you know.  What will we say?’
‘We don’t have to say anything.  She can’t expect to turn up after all these years and be treated as if she had never done anything wrong just because Dad’s dead now.’
‘Yes but don’t you think it’s a bit harsh.  I mean she must be unhappy too.’
‘Oh Tom, do you think I care what she feels after all that we’ve been through?’
‘But Sylvia it was a long time ago.’
‘Try telling that to Mum.’
‘But Mum’s happy now, she’s got Ian.’
‘That’s not the point.  Dad made her suffer, he abandoned her and us, his children and all because of that woman.’
‘He was in love.  He told me, he said he never wanted to hurt us but he couldn’t help it.’
‘I know, you’ve told me all that before.  It makes no difference.  You say that he didn’t want to hurt us but the point is that he did hurt us.  That’s what counts, not his maudlin excuses.  Look Tom let’s just get the next few days over then we can all go back to living our lives.  I know it’s sad that he’s dead but it’s not as though we have had much to do with him over the years.  I’d like to cry and say that I’ll miss him but the truth is that I won’t.’
‘I will.’
‘Well good for you.  Now I really have to be going, I’ve got Linda to pick up.’

Margery walked slowly towards the arrivals hall, clutching the package to her chest with one hand and pulling her small suitcase with the other.  There was a lethargy in her movements that was not usual, she was beginning to regret this visit.  She had already questioned her motives for bringing Harry’s ashes back to Britain and failed to come up with a convincing answer.  She doubted whether he would have cared where they were buried, after all for the last few years he had hardly been aware of where he was anyway, lost in a haze of alcohol and self pity.  She could have scattered them in the sea and saved herself the effort.  Maybe it was because of Tom and Sylvia, so that they would have somewhere to go to mourn their father, place flowers on his grave on Father’s Day and take their own children to see his final resting place.  She did not know Sylvia, who had maintained a smouldering resentment against her all these years but she was very fond of Tom.  
‘Margery, Margery.  Over here,’ a shrill female voice called across to her.
Margery blinked, trying to focus on the speaker amidst the dozens of expectant faces that were turned towards the arrivals doors.  Then she spotted her, a small, bird-like woman frantically waving in her direction.
‘Margery, how lovely to see you.  Goodness it’s been ages since I saw you.’
The woman stretched up and put her arms around Margery’s neck and kissed her.
‘Hi Jenny.  Good to see you too.  Thanks for coming to meet me, I didn’t know who else to ask.’
‘No problem.  Gosh, it really is nice to see you again.  Just like old times.’
She gave Margery a broad smile and squeezed her arm affectionately.
‘Come on, it’s this way.  Bet you can see some changes, can’t you.  This place is enormous now, a real rabbit warren.’
Margery followed her chattering friend as she led her through the concourse of shops and exchange bureaus and out into a multi-storey car-park.  She had not seen Jenny for a long time, at first she had been a regular visitor to their home, combining work with pleasure she always said, but later when Margery’s business began to be centred solely in Spain the visits became more infrequent until finally they petered out altogether.   Now they maintained their friendship through long, chatty emails once or twice a year, usually at Christmas or on one of their birthdays.  Margery was pleased to see her again, it reassured her to be met by such a welcoming face.  
‘So what are you doing with yourself these days?’ she asked as soon as they were settled in Jenny’s old Mini.
‘Not a lot.’
‘I thought the business was going well, what with all those wealthy ex-pat customers of yours.’
‘It was but over the last few years I’ve let it run down, I just couldn’t cope.’
‘If you ever decide to start up again just let me know, there’re always plenty of customers for your sort of designs.  I had someone just the other day asking me to find them a designer who could combine flamenco with leather.’
‘Sounds a bit adventurous.’
‘But you could do it I’m sure.’
‘I don’t know what I’m going to do yet but I’ll keep it in mind.’
‘You do that, I miss my little trips out to Spain, all expenses paid.’
Margery laughed.  It was nice to know that someone still wanted her.
‘How’s Graham?’
‘OK, I see him most weeks.’
‘So when are you getting married?’
She laughed.
‘You know me I’m not the marrying kind.’
‘I thought it was getting serious?’
‘For me it is, but I’m not sure about Graham.  We’ve been seeing each other now for about four years but never mentioned marriage, not even living together.  I think he quite likes our flexible arrangement.  No strings, he comes and goes when he pleases and I do the same.  I suppose if the truth be told I like my freedom too.’
‘If you’re both happy why rock the boat?’
‘Yes, that’s what I think.’
Something about the way her friend said this did not sound completely convincing but Margery decided not to pursue it.  She had enough problems of her own to think about.
‘Are you coming to the funeral?’
‘If you want me to.’
Margery looked at her friend.
‘Yes, I’d like you to be there.  I need at least one person on my side.’
Jenny took the exit from the M40 that led up to the Handy Cross roundabout and indicated right in the direction of High Wycombe.
‘No, not that way, I’m staying at the Holiday Inn.  You need to turn left here,’ Margery told her.
‘I thought you were going to Sylvia’s.  Didn’t you tell me she had a big house on the Amersham Road?’
‘That’s right, but Tom said they’d booked me in a hotel for a few nights.’
Margery had erroneously presumed that Sylvia would offer her accommodation at least for a couple of nights.  She knew that Sylvia had never forgiven her for what happened but nevertheless she felt slighted by this lack of hospitality.  She swallowed hard before adding:
‘But this is fine by me, actually, much more convenient.’
‘Do you want me to come in with you?’
‘No, Jenny, I’m fine.  I’ll get organised, unpack and then I need to make a few phone calls.  Things for tomorrow, you know.’
‘Look, if I’m staying for the funeral, maybe we could meet up tonight and go for a curry or something?’
‘Good idea.  I haven’t had a decent curry in years.’
‘Great.  I know just the place.  I’ll pick you up around eight.’
‘OK Jenny, and thanks for everything.’

Her room was cool and clean, almost sterile with its white walls and minimalistic decoration.  She placed her luggage on the bed and pulled back the curtains, the rain was still falling in a continuous grey sheet that almost obliterated the view across the motorway to the housing estate beyond.  In the distance she could see the ghostly sails of the wind farm, pale scarecrows against the grey sky.  For a few moments she just stood staring at nothing in particular.  The weather seemed so in keeping with her own spirits that she felt on the point of weeping.  With a sigh she turned her attention to the task of unpacking the few clothes she had brought with her.  She removed a black wool dress, gave it a shake and hung it on a hanger, that would do well for the funeral.  There probably wouldn’t be many people in black, it was not really the custom these days, but she liked to keep to tradition.  She stood a pair of black high heels at the bottom of the narrow wardrobe and carefully placed her underwear and tights in one of its tiny drawers.  Once everything had been stowed in an appropriate place she sat down on the bed and opened her package.
‘Well Harry, this is it.   Today you go to your final resting place.’
She pulled off the paper covering to reveal a blue pottery urn inside and lifted it up in front of her face.
‘Why am I doing this for you Harry?  Any idea?  Why am I about to expose myself to their ridicule and contempt?  The scarlet woman scorned even by her husband in his last will and testament.  I can hear them now, your ex-wife smug in her delight that you left our house to her children, your mother, whose memory sharpens suddenly when my name is mentioned, Sylvia, who says one thing and means another and poor, sweet Tom who’s never been allowed to choose for himself.  How can I face them all together?’
She placed the urn on a round table by the window and stepped back to look at it, tears spilling down her face.  There was such emptiness within her, an ache that would not go away.  It was for this too that she had come, she needed to find some closure, some peace, some forgiveness.  Bringing Harry back to his family might give her that.  She poured herself a gin and tonic from the mini bar and took it into the bathroom, to run herself a bath.  Thank goodness Jenny’s coming round this evening, she thought.  She took a gulp of the gin and felt its warmth slip down her throat.  She would get through this, she had got through worse.  She just had to take it one step at a time.  She lowered herself into the bath and closed her eyes. 

Barbara picked up the black suit she had laid out on the bed and hung it back in the wardrobe.   The repeater by her bed reminded her that it was already nine o’clock.  She sat down on the edge of her bed and put her head in her hands.  What should she do?  She could not face Harry’s widow, a woman she had never met but who had occupied her thoughts for years.  But if she did not go to the funeral, what would everyone say?  She did not want them thinking that she was still trapped in the past.  She had pulled her life together after Harry had left her and made a success of it.  So why was she so nervous about attending?   She went into the bathroom and rubbed some moisturiser into her face.  Without her make-up she looked old.  She picked up the foundation and began to apply it skilfully, automatically, her fingers gliding across her face coaxing the creamy liquid into her skin, her thoughts still on Margery.  What would she be like?  She was older too.  Had she aged better than Barbara?  She had overheard Tom telling his sister that she was very beautiful but that had been years ago when he had been an impressionable teenager.  She opened the pot of eye-shadow and carefully applied it to her eye-lids.  Well if she was going to go to the funeral she had better make herself look presentable, she did not want people comparing her unfavourably to Margery.
‘Barbara are you ready yet?’ her husband shouted from the kitchen.
‘Almost Ian.  Ten more minutes.’
Just the mascara and a touch of lipstick and she would be ready to get dressed.  The black suit would have to do, she could brighten it up with the pink blouse that Sylvia had given her for her birthday.  Why look too severe?  After all she was not the grieving widow.
Ian put his head round the bathroom door. 
‘There’s some coffee for you in the kitchen.’
‘Thanks Darling, I’ll be down in a minute.’
‘Don’t be too long Babs, it’s quite a drive to Frieth.’
‘OK, don’t worry.  I don’t suppose they’ll start without us.’
Their flat was spacious and well laid out, she had suggested that they buy it after Tom had left home.  The house they had lived in for more years than she cared to remember had already begun to feel too large when Sylvia moved out to marry Richard but without Tom and his friends crashing about the place, all lanky arms and long legs, loud music and half-eaten pizzas, it felt like a morgue.  It had been a wrench to sell it but as she explained to her disappointed children this was going to be a new stage in her life, she no longer needed so much space and did not want to spend all her time looking after the garden.  It was time to move on and at last she had the means to do so.  Ian was the only one who had been pleased with her decision because it meant that at last they would have a home that was jointly theirs.   Together they found this penthouse with its marvellous views over the Chiltern Hills, it was in a rather incongruous block of flats, newly built in the small village of Wigginton, a village of some three hundred inhabitants whose only claim to fame was to be the highest village in the Chilterns.
She rummaged in her chest of drawers until she found a new packet of black tights and hastily pulled them on.  I wonder what Margery will be wearing she thought, pulling up the zip on her black skirt and straightening the blouse.  She slipped on the jacket and buttoned it carefully then selected a matching silk scarf which she draped casually around her neck.  One final look in the mirror told her that she looked fine, discrete and sober enough for a funeral but not too drab.  In fact black suited her pale colouring quite well and set off the reddish tints in hair.  Maybe she would wear black more often.  She ran her hand over her skirt, it was a mixture of silk and wool and felt deliciously soft.  It still gave her an enormous pleasure to know that she could afford to buy items of quality now and not have to worry about the price.  The sale of her chutney company had left her a rich woman.  She wondered if Harry had ever known about her success.
Ian was sitting in the car, with the window open and she could hear the strains of Berlioz’s “Harold in Italy” coming from the radio.
‘Oh there you are.  Well I suppose it was worth the wait, you look lovely.’
‘Thank you Darling.’
‘Nervous?’
‘Why do you ask?  Do I look nervous?’
‘No of course not.  I just wondered.  It’s going to seem a bit strange after all.’
‘Yes, you’re right.  Actually I am a bit nervous.  It’s a bit surreal isn’t it.  After all what role do I play?  Ex-wife?  Mother of his children?’
‘Yes all of those.  There’s nothing to be concerned about.  After all it will be you who will know everyone, not her.  I take it all the family will be there?’
‘Yes, they said they would be coming.’
‘So there you are then, nothing to worry about.’
She saw him check his watch again.  He hated to be late, she knew he had carefully calculated how long the journey would take, choosing the route with the least traffic and least chance of delay.  He was such a meticulous man, kind, generous, affectionate but extremely pedantic.  Perhaps it was his passion for detail that had led him into the law.  She looked at her husband with fondness, he was every inch the solicitor, with his charcoal grey suit, his highly polished shoes and his carefully laundered shirts that were delivered once a week from the local laundry despite her protests that she could easily do them herself.  The Windsor knot in his tie was a work of art, folded and tied with precision, his hair was immaculately cut and combed to one side, the parting perfectly straight.  Nothing was ever out of place.  She smiled, he could not have been more different from Harry with his open-neck shirts and his chinos, and his thick, dark hair, always in need of a haircut.  In his own way Harry had perfected the art of casualness.  Sometimes she wondered if it was because of these differences that she had at last agreed to marry Ian.  She loved him of course, as she reminded herself many times but not with the passion of her youthful love for Harry, or sadly, with the lustful, middle-aged passion she had had for Doug.  This was a more comfortable love, unlikely to bring broken hearts or provoke sleepless nights.  Yes, she reassured herself, she had made the right choice.  Ian was a good man and a loving husband.  He had been a staunch friend when Harry had left her and he had waited patiently until she had allowed their relationship to move to the next stage.  Now he was a good husband.  A solid man, her father would have said, dependable, her father would have approved of him she was sure.  Her father valued dependability.
‘Hurry up then, we don’t want to be late Darling.’
She hesitated then got into the car beside him.
‘I don’t want to arrive too early, Ian.  Let’s see if we can slip in at the end,’ she suggested.
‘Alright we can always wait in the car if we’re early, but somehow I don’t think we will be.’
He pulled back his cuff to check his watch then replaced it carefully, smoothing it into place.
‘We really should be off, you know.  It’s already a quarter to ten’
She buckled her seatbelt and leaned across to kiss him on the cheek.
‘OK let’s get it over with.’

OCTOBER 2010

CHAPTER 21: AFTER THE FUNERAL
Sylvia did not speak on the drive home from the funeral.  She knew she had drunk too much wine and should have given the keys to Richard but she felt angry with everyone, including herself.  Driving would help her to concentrate and take her mind off the afternoon’s events.  Her mother and Ian had volunteered to take her grandmother home so that left just her and Richard, who she knew, although he had said nothing to her, was annoyed with her for her behaviour.  She had acted like a spoiled child but she had been unable to control herself, seeing Margery had brought back all the old resentment and she had been instantly returned to the emotional turmoil of her childhood.  How could Margery remain so calm and aloof at the funeral of her own husband?  She hated her, with her tanned face, her perfect make-up and her dyed blonde hair.  Alright she had a certain kind of beauty but beyond that what had her father seen in her?  What was it about her that was so special that he had left them and gone away with her, out of their lives forever?  There was no way she would ever know now.  The funeral had brought it home to her with absolute clarity that her father was never going to be a part of her life again, for the first time she faced the fact that he was actually dead.  True she had not seen him for twenty years but despite her antipathy she had always known where he was and from what Tom told her, even a little of what his life was like.  Part of her anger now was due to the fact that it had been she who had refused to renew contact with him.  She had torn up his letters without reading them and refused to allow him into her life.  Now it was too late.
‘Hey slow down, Sylvia.  You don’t want the police to stop us.’
She lifted her foot off the accelerator until the car speed dropped to the regulation limit.
‘You should have let me drive, you know.  It’s been a stressful day for you,’ her husband said, stroking her thigh affectionately.  ‘It can’t have been easy.’
‘You just don’t understand Richard, how could you.  Your parents are both still fine.’
What she meant was not just that they were still alive and working in the Welsh village where he had been born but that they still loved each other.  Richard had been brought up in a strictly Methodist home, with three brothers all much younger than him, they had been a united family.  His father was a lay preacher and his mother taught in the local primary school.  Sylvia remembered her early visits to their house, she had been barely out of her teens and the wounds from her parents’ divorce had not yet healed.  Richard’s family had welcomed her wholeheartedly and she soon had become the daughter that God had denied them.  There were no overt signs of affection between his parents, no kissing or cuddling in front of the children as she had remembered in her own home but there was a peace and tranquillity in the house that spoke of their love for each other.  Richard too had this tranquillity about him and he had proved to be a very loving husband and father.
‘I thought your mother seemed to be coping very well,’ he ventured.
Sylvia did not reply.  Her anger was dissipating now.  She just wanted to collect her daughter and get home.

Linda was playing “tea parties” with her friend, Amber.  The two little girls were seated on the floor in the lounge, with about a dozen dolls of various sizes and complexions, arranged around a plastic cloth, set with a pink, plastic tea-set.
‘Hello Mummy.  We’ve almost finished tea.  It’s just that naughty Arabella won’t eat up her cake.’
Amber’s mother had obviously provided some cake, cut into doll size portions, and a tea-pot of orangeade, most of which was now spilled over the plastic cloth.
‘She’ll have to go to bed early, with no supper,’ said Arabella’s surrogate mother, Amber.
‘OK Darling, but we have to go now.  Thank Amber’s mother for having you and go and get your coat.’
Her daughter put the offending doll back in the circle and did as her mother had instructed.
‘It’s so good of you to have her, Theresa,’ Sylvia said.
‘No, problem.  They’ve been sitting there with the dolls, since they got back from school.  How did the funeral go?’
‘It dragged on a bit, but otherwise it was OK.’
‘Was she there?  Did you speak to her?’
‘Yes, of course, briefly.’
‘And, does she know about the house yet?’
‘Yes, unfortunately that big-mouth of a husband of mine let it out.’
She gestured to the embarrassed Richard, who was helping his daughter put on her coat.
‘I’m sorry, I thought your solicitor had told her,’ he said.
‘It didn’t really matter in the end, she had to know sometime.’
‘So what did she say?’
‘Well first of all we had a little display of drama, pretending to faint with the shock of it all, then she said she’d tell her solicitor to get in touch.’
‘So that could delay things then?’
‘Possibly, but I don’t see what she can do about it, it’s our house now.’
‘I hope it’s soon sorted out, for Linda’s sake.’
‘Yes, thanks, Theresa.’
‘Come on Sylvia, we ought to be going,’ her husband reminded her.
‘Yes, well thanks again.’
‘As I said, no problem.’ 

Sylvia was in the kitchen ironing Linda’s blouse when Richard came home from work the next day.
‘You’re back early,’ he said, throwing his coat over the back of the chair and reaching across to peck her cheek.
‘The netball match was cancelled because of the weather,’ she explained.
‘Yes, well I’m not surprised, it’s bloody awful out there.  I bet there are a few trees down tonight.’
‘Did you put the car in the garage?’
‘Yes.  Where’s Linda?’
‘Doing her homework.’
He went into the hall and called up the stairs:
‘Linda honey, Daddy’s home.’
There was a thud and the sound of scurrying feet and suddenly there was Linda, hurtling down the stairs and into her father’s outstretched arms.
‘Daddy, Daddy, come and see my picture.  I got a gold star.’
Her father swung her onto his shoulders and took her back upstairs.
‘Be careful, Linda, one day you’ll take your Dad by surprise and he’ll drop you.’
‘No you won’t, will you Daddy.  You’ll always catch me, won’t you.’
‘Of course I will sweetheart, I’ll always be there for you.  Now where’s that picture of yours?’
Sylvia folded the blouse carefully and selected something else from the pile of clothes that were needed for the next day.  She was tired but she knew that if she stopped now she would not start again.  Richard said she was mad to iron everything but, even though she disliked the chore, she achieved enormous pleasure from seeing her husband and daughter in crisply ironed clothes.  She sighed as she straightened the legs of Linda’s shorts.  It had been a long day, she had to teach every period on a Wednesday and that included a double with 3B.  How was it that some classes could be so much more difficult than others?  In fact there were no more than three or four disruptive children in the class, but somehow they managed to infect the others with their restlessness and rebellious attitude.  Attempting to keep control had exhausted her.  Thank goodness the match had been cancelled.
‘Have you started dinner yet Sylvia?’ her husband asked.
‘No, I’ll get something out as soon as I’ve finished these, just a couple of more things to do.’
‘What are we having?  I’ll get it started.’
‘I bought some pork chops, I thought we’d have them with a salad.’
‘Right, I’ll make the salad.  Like a glass of wine?’
‘Definitely.’
He laughed at her as he pulled the cork from a half empty bottle of Rioja and poured the contents into two large glasses.
‘Here you are.’
He sat at the table and began to chop some spring onions then he added cucumber, radishes, courgettes and finally sliced some tomatoes.  Sylvia put down the iron and sipped her wine, almost immediately she felt the tensions of the day slip away. 
‘Got much marking tonight?’
‘Just two lots, the rest I can do at the weekend.  So how was your day?’
‘Oh so, so.  We’ve got problems with the new sluice gates up near Abingdon.’
He switched on the portable television that always sat on the shelf above the refrigerator.
‘Might just catch the news headlines,’ he said.
Sylvia thought back to the night when she and Tom had been stuck in the car with their mother and the river rising around them.  She had tried to be brave and had cuddled Tom to keep him warm, singing songs and pretending that it was all a big adventure but she had had nightmares about that night for a long time afterwards.  Even now she was not keen to spend much time by the river.  It had been on her insistence that they bought the house in High Wycombe, far above the Thames and out of reach of the ever encroaching water.
‘You’re right, Darling.’
He scooped the salad ingredients into a wooden bowl that they had been given as a wedding present.
‘Did you buy any more olive oil?’
‘It’s on the top shelf.’
She folded the last of the clothes, unplugged the iron and slid the ironing board back into its regular home, out of sight in the cupboard under the stairs.
‘Right, that’s enough ironing for tonight,’ she said, coming back into the kitchen and taking the chops from the refrigerator.
‘Did you get time to hear Linda read?’
‘Yes, she’s still on Blue Book Two, you know.  The teacher slipped a note into the book to say that she had to read it again.  Linda’s very upset about it.’
‘Maybe we should speak to her teacher again.’
‘I wondered if you could pop in and have a word with her when you drop Linda off at school tomorrow morning.’
‘Of course, but I bet she’ll just say the same thing, Linda needs special help.’
‘I rang Piper’s Park at lunch time.  They’ve still got spaces for next year.  If we want to put her name down she said we should go next week.  If we leave it any later Linda may have to wait until the following year.’
‘OK, let’s do it.’
‘But what about the money?’
‘Don’t worry about the money.  If you sell the house you’ll have plenty.  In the meantime I’ll go and talk to the bank manager about a short term loan or maybe extending our overdraft.’
‘I don’t want us to get into debt over this.’
‘What else can we do?  Linda needs help now, not when we can afford it.’
‘I suppose we could cut back on a few things.’
‘There’s not a lot we can cut back on.  We don’t exactly have a lavish life style as it is.’
‘We could cancel the holiday this year.’
‘Yes, why not, we could get the tent out of the loft and take Linda camping in the Lake District instead, I bet she’d love that.  That’s a good idea Sylvia, I’ll take a look at it this weekend.  I imagine it’ll need some attention.  How long is it since we last used it?’
‘It was before Linda was born, so at least seven years.’
‘I remember, we went to North Devon one Easter and it was bitterly cold.’
‘Yes and it rained on the last day so everything was soaked when we came to pack up.’
She laughed.
‘Are you sure it’s such a good idea?’
‘Yes, of course.  We’ll have a great time, we may end up camping every year.’
Linda screwed up her nose.
‘I don’t think so.  As an economy measure, once in a while, it’s fine, but I like my few weeks in the sun.’
She remembered that holiday very well, she had been trying for months to get pregnant and had almost given up in despair.  Richard had attributed their success to the holiday.  It was true, despite the weather they had had a wonderful time: bracing walks along the beach, lots of fresh air and good food and of course plenty of the local cider.  They talked and read a lot, sheltered from the wind in a hollow in the dunes and they made love as though they had just met, rediscovering each other anew in their draughty tent by the light of a kerosene lamp.  At night it was so cold that they zipped their duvets together and lay in the dark, holding each other tight and listening to the wind howling around them until eventually they fell asleep in each other’s arms.
‘Right that’s settled then.  I’ll speak to the bank manager on Monday.  After all it’s just for a few months.  Once you’ve got your share of your inheritance, everything will be fine.  Do you want me to go with you?’
‘To Piper’s Park?’
‘Yes.’
‘Please.  I’ll make an appointment for three thirty on Monday, I’ve got a free period last thing.  Would that suit you?’
‘If this damn rain stops, yes.’
He began to clear the kitchen table, moving his wife’s pile of marking to one end and picking up the pile of ironed clothes.
‘What shall I do with these?’
‘Give them to me, I’ll put them away now.’
She took the clothes from him and went upstairs.  She could hear the rattle of plates and cutlery as he set the table.  Something classical was playing on the radio, he must have turned off the television and put the radio on instead.  When she got to the bedroom Linda was stretched out on her bed playing with her dolls, she had them lined up at the foot of the bed and was giving them a reading lesson.  She did not notice her mother in the doorway.
‘No, no Mollie.  It’s “c” for “cat”, “c”,’ she admonished the silent doll.
She pointed to her reading book with a pencil.
‘And what is this letter?  No Mollie let’s give Susie a turn now.  Well Susie?  Good girl it’s a “d”.’
She was pointing to the letter “b”.
‘No Darling, that’s a “b”, “b” for “ball”.  You remember,’ Sylvia said softly.
‘Mummy you’re interrupting my lesson,’ the little girl said rather crossly.
‘I’m afraid it’s time for bed now anyway.  School tomorrow.’
The child turned back to her dolls.
‘That’s all for today children, class dismissed.’
She clapped her hands and jumped off the bed.
‘Come on now, clean your teeth and then into your pyjamas,’ Sylvia said, trying not to smile at her precocious daughter.
Where had she learned that?  Was she copying her own teacher or did Sylvia really sound like that?  She had taken Linda to school with her one day when Linda’s school was closed for a “study day”.  She had sat at a table at the back with her colouring books and pens and never said a word.  She watched and listened to everything the class of thirteen-year olds did and said, her eyes wide with wonder.  When the bell for break rang Sylvia was going to take her with her to the staff-room but two of the girls asked if they could look after her and she had walked out with them, wide-eyed and smiling.  The girls held one of her hands each and when she got to the door she had turned to look at her mother and said:
‘Don’t worry Mummy, my friends will look after me.’
Linda had loved it and could talk of nothing else but her two new friends, Laura and Jade.  When she grew up she was going to be a teacher just like her Mummy she said and ever since she had been playing at “schools”.  
‘I’ll be back up in ten minutes Linda.  Make sure you’re in bed.’
‘OK Mummy.’
Sylvia carefully hung the last shirt in the wardrobe and went back to the kitchen.
‘Do you want me to do anything with the chops?’ Richard asked.
‘No, I’ll see to them.’
She seasoned the chops and put them under the grill.  Everything else seemed to be done, the table was set with the bright blue cloth she had bought in Provence one summer and Richard had placed two blue and white plates to warm in the oven.
‘I didn’t do any potatoes as you keep on about dieting.’
‘What about you, don’t you want any?’
‘No I ate at lunchtime.  This’ll be fine for me.’
He sat down, sipping his wine.
‘So what did you think of Margery now that you’ve finally met her?  Still an attractive woman isn’t she, despite her age.’
‘Well you seemed to like her,’ Sylvia snapped.
‘I was just being polite, until I put my foot in it that is.  You should have told me that she didn’t know about the sale, I felt such an ass.’
‘She had to know sometime and you saved us the trouble of telling her.’
‘Don’t you feel just the littlest bit sorry for her Sylvia?  After all she has come here to bury your father.  She didn’t need to do that, she could have buried him in Spain.’
‘She took my father away from me.  I was twenty before we heard from him, my childhood was over.  What did he expect from us after all that time?  It was so unfair of him.  And now here she is bringing it all up again.  Why didn’t she just bury him in Spain and leave us all in peace.  She has had him all these years why bring him back to us now?’
She put down her glass and began to cry, her sobs raw and harsh.  Richard leant across and pulled her towards him.  They were the first tears she had cried for her father since she was a child.  She had managed to get through the funeral dry-eyed and had used her anger as a defence against her grief.  Now the floodgates were open and she could not stop them.  Richard seemed to know there was nothing he could say, so he contented himself with cradling her in his arms and gently rocking her, as though she were a small child, until at last the tears stopped flowing and she fell silent.
‘Here, blow your nose,’ he said, passing her a serviette from the table.
He stroked her hair gently.  After a while she pulled away from him and stood up.
‘I’m sorry,’ she said.
‘What for?  You needed to let that out, it’s been eating you up.  Maybe now you’ll feel better and be able to see things more clearly.’
‘I don’t know about that but I do feel better, I admit.’
She went to the tap and splashed cold water on her face.
‘I haven’t said goodnight to Linda yet.  What’s she going to think when she sees my face?’
‘I’ll go up and tuck her in, you get on with the supper.’

In the end Sylvia had to go to Piper’s Park on her own, Richard had telephoned to say that there was another Red Alert and he did not know when he would get home.  Heavy rain and strong winds had made the river completely in-navigable.
The school was a redbrick Edwardian building set in about two acres of wooded grounds.  Sylvia drove up the gravel drive and parked close to the entrance.  She could hear the sound of boys playing football from somewhere behind the building and the raucous shouts of the supporters, eager fathers encouraging their sons.  The front door was open and she entered into a wide, airy hallway.  The parquet floor smelled of fresh polish and the wood looked worn from the footsteps of the many children that had crossed the threshold over the years.  There was a small reception desk to one side with a brass bell and a notice advising visitors to ring it and wait for someone to attend them.  She did as instructed.  The sound of the bell jangled, loud and intrusive in the quiet hallway.  After a few minutes a youngish woman appeared.
‘Hello.  You must be Mrs. Llewellyn?’
‘Yes, I’ve come to see the headmistress.’
‘Come with me, she’s in her office.’
She followed the woman up the stairs and along a passage until they stopped in front of a panelled door.
‘This is Miss Harris’s office,’ she explained and knocked softly.
‘Come in.’
‘Excuse me Miss Harris, Mrs Llewellyn is here to see you.’
‘Please show her in Jane.’
Sylvia followed the young woman into the room and found herself in front of an imposing wooden desk, behind which sat an even more imposing woman.  She looked like the kind of headmistress that Sylvia thought was long extinct.  Her hair was scraped back from her face and twisted into a French pleat, she wore a dark blue blouse, buttoned at the throat and rimless spectacles.  When she stood up to greet her, Sylvia could see that she was almost six feet tall and built like a lamppost. 
‘Pleased to meet you Mrs Llewellyn.  Please take a seat.’
‘Thank you.’
‘So you’ve come to talk about a place for your daughter, I believe.’
‘Yes, Linda.’
‘And how old is Linda may I ask?’
‘She’s six.’
‘Ah, good.  We don’t like to take children much older than that because it is difficult to get them into our ways.  So, what attracted you to our school?’
‘Well my daughter seems to be having difficulty learning to read and I thought she might benefit from being in a private school, in a smaller class for example.’
‘Yes, I’m sure she would.  Our classes never have more than fourteen children, so the teacher has time to give each one individual attention.  Has your daughter been tested for dyslexia?’
‘Yes and according to her teacher she is severely dyslexic.  I had heard that you have had a lot of success with dyslexic children.’
‘Yes that’s true.  We have a number of children here with learning difficulties, not just dyslexia and I’m pleased to say that we have had our fair share of success.’
She beckoned to the young woman who still stood in the doorway.
‘Now I would suggest that you have a look around the school first, Jane will accompany you.  If you like what you see then come back and we can take all the particulars.’
Sylvia followed Jane out of the office and back down the stairs.
‘The classrooms are on the other side,’ she explained.  ‘I’ll show you the infant school first, although they will all have gone home by now.  The little ones finish at three but Mrs Jones is still there.  Then we’ll go over to UCLD.’

‘So what did you think of it?’ Richard asked when he got home that night.
‘It’s wonderful.  The facilities are great, it’s amazing the amount of equipment they have.  The infant school has more computers than the whole of our IT department.  The classes are really small and they have a special unit for children with learning difficulties, the children who need help are scheduled in to the unit for certain lessons and then they spend the rest of the time with their own class.’
‘Sounds good.  What about the staff?  Did you meet any of them?’
‘I met the infant teacher that Linda would start with, she seemed very nice, about forty I’d say, rather motherly.’
‘Fat you mean?’
‘No, not fat, just motherly, plays the piano and sings, you know the sort, a typical infant teacher.’
‘At least she’s not just out of teacher training college like Linda’s current one.’
‘I also had a chance to talk to the woman that runs the unit for children with learning difficulties, they call it UCLD,’ she added.
‘And what did you think of her?’
‘Very impressive.  She’s a Cambridge graduate who started out testing children with learning difficulties for her thesis and then found that she really enjoyed working with young children so, when she finished her research, she went back to college to get her teaching certificate and became a specialist teacher.  This is her first post.’
‘So she must be right up to date on all the latest methods for teaching children with dyslexia.’
‘Yes.  I think Linda would have the best help there is.’
‘So, now for the big question, how much?’
‘Expensive.  We’re looking at three thousand a term.’
‘That’s expensive.’
‘Then there’s her uniform and books on top.’
‘So let’s say about ten thousand a year.’
‘Then when she moves up into the senior school the fees go up.’
‘When’s that, when she’s eleven?’
‘Twelve.’
‘We’ve got plenty time enough to worry about that.  So what did you do?  Put her name down?’
‘Yes.  The good news is that she can start after Christmas.’
‘Have you spoken to her about it yet?’
‘No, I thought we’d do that together.’
‘Good idea but let’s leave it until I’ve had time to speak to the bank manager.’
The excitement that she had been feeling since she had left the school began to drain away as the problem of finding the money once more took precedence.  Richard must have seen the disappointment in her eyes because he came across and put his arms around her.
‘Don’t worry sweetheart, I’m sure he’ll agree to the overdraft.’
‘I just know it’s the best place for her to go.  We have to find the money somehow.’
‘You could always ask your mum,’ he ventured.
‘No.’
‘You could just ask for a loan until the house is sold.’
‘I don’t really want to bother her with our financial problems.  Let’s see what the bank says first.’ 

Mr. Timmins, the bank manager, was very sympathetic, he nodded and smiled as Richard explained the situation to him but he seemed cautious about agreeing to a loan.
‘If we could just extend our overdraft by about ten thousand,’ Richard said.
Mr. Timmins did not reply, instead he busied himself with examining the details of Richard and Sylvia’s joint account.
‘Ah, I see that you have two salaries coming in each month,’ he muttered.
‘Yes, my wife is a teacher.’
‘And you’re with the Environment Agency?’
‘Yes, that’s right.  I’ve been there for seventeen years.’
‘Quite a big mortgage I see.  Mmn.’
He scribbled some figures down on a piece of paper and studied them for a minute or two.
‘It’s just until my wife can sell the house her father left her in Spain,’ Richard repeated.
As far as he was concerned this was crucial to the whole negotiation, but the bank manager had asked very little about it.
‘It’s a big house,’ he continued.  ‘We think we can sell it for about a million euros.  Of course my wife will only get half of that, but then we are only asking for ten thousand on the overdraft.’
‘What about inheritance tax?  There will be that to pay as well.’
‘We know, but we still think there will be enough left to pay for Linda’s education.’
‘How old is your daughter?’
‘Six, nearly seven.’
‘So you’re looking at, at least, twelve years schooling?’ 
‘Yes, but we will only need the loan for a few months, a year at the most.’
‘Mmn.’
Richard waited, a feeling of desperation growing within him by the minute.  The bank manager wrote down a few more figures.  Then turned to his computer and typed something.
‘Right, I’m going to extend your overdraft, as requested, for a maximum period of one year.’
He pulled a sheet of paper out of the printer.
‘Sign this please.  The money will be in your account tomorrow.’
‘Thank you, Mr. Timmins.  I’m sure we will be able to repay it before the year is out.’
‘I hope so, for your sake.  Houses are not selling very quickly anywhere at the moment, and Spain is no exception.’
Richard hurriedly signed the agreement and handed it back to him.
‘Well, if there is nothing else Mr. Llewelyn, I will bid you good day.’
‘Goodbye and thank you again.’
He could not wait to get out of the bank and telephone Sylvia.  He listened to the ringing tone for a few moments and gave up, he would send her a text message instead.  He smiled to himself, she would be so pleased.

CHAPTER 22

Chris and Gerry arrived at her hotel on the Sunday morning, dead on ten o’clock, just as they had promised at the funeral.  Margery was not sure she was in the mood for a morning’s bowling, but knew it was best not to be on her own, she would only become depressed.   Chris and Gerry were old friends and would be good company.  
She had overslept so hurriedly showered and dressed, drank a cup of instant coffee in her room instead of taking the leisurely English breakfast she had become used to since arriving there and was waiting in the hall just minutes before they arrived.  Gerry had told her to bring an umbrella and wear a warm jacket even though the weather was quite mild.  She dressed as warmly as she could from her limited wardrobe and borrowed an umbrella from the hotel’s receptionist.  The sun was still struggling to emerge from a grey, cloudy sky, as she left the hotel and climbed into the back of their Toyota.  The children were in the back of the car, and moved across to let her get in.
‘Hi there,’ she said. ‘So, what’s happened to your Four by Four?’
‘Oh that’s been gone for years, far too expensive. Great gas guzzling monster.’
‘This is much more economical,’ added Gerry.  ‘It’s a hybrid, more environmentally friendly and all that.’
‘Bit smaller than your old one.’
‘True but big cars are very overpriced these days and they are definitely out of fashion.’
‘We just have to squash up a bit more,’ chipped in Rupert who was jammed between her and Nicola.
‘What about the school run?’
‘Oh I don’t bother with that any more.  The kids take the bus, it’s cheaper and easier.’
Margery looked at Nicola and Rupert, they were both big children for their age and the space in the back of the car seemed very restricted.
‘Mum’s getting very eco these days,’ added Nicola.
‘It’s OK.  I like the bus,’ Rupert added in support of his mother.
‘That’s because you don’t care if you get wet.  I was soaked last week by the time I arrived at school and my art project was ruined,’ complained his sister.
‘Wimp.’
‘Now children, Margery doesn’t want to listen to your bickering.  If you’re going to start we’ll turn round now and go straight home.’
The children looked at each other and grinned.  They knew there were no teeth in their mother’s threat.  It was all for Margery’s benefit.
‘So where are we going?’ Margery asked.
‘Bowling,’ Rupert replied with a grin.
‘I haven’t been bowling for years,’ she said.
‘There’s a great alley in Aylesbury, it’s a bit of a trek but that’s where they wanted to go.  Then I thought we’d have a bit of lunch afterwards,’ Gerry explained.
‘Sounds wonderful.’
In fact it did not take that long to get there and by eleven they were all kitted out with shoes and bowling balls.
‘We wanted to get here early because it gets really packed on a Sunday,’ Chris explained.
Already most of the lanes were taken.  Rupert set off towards one of the vacant ones and put down his bowling ball to claim it as theirs.
‘We’ll have this lane,’ Rupert said.  ‘It’s close to the bar.’
‘He’s making the most of today,’ his mother said indulgently.  ‘I’m usually quite strict about the number of soft drinks and junk food they have, but birthdays are always an exception.’
She handed her son a five pound note.
‘Do you want anything Margery?’ he asked politely.
‘Not at the moment, thanks.  I’ve got to try to remember how this game works.’
‘It’s easy,’ Nicola said and proceeded to go through the rules and scoring with her.
‘It’s girls against the boys,’ Gerry told her.  ‘It’ll work out best like that.’
A tremendous clatter followed by a whoop of delight from Chris made them look up.  He had had a strike.
‘Are you sure that’s a good idea?’ Margery asked.  ‘I think we might get slaughtered.’
‘O ye of little faith, come on you go first.’ 

They found a small bistro, serving French and Italian food, tucked in a narrow alley next to the Town Hall and hurried inside to escape the rain.  The bowling had been tremendous fun and Margery felt relaxed and hungry, Chris and Rupert had won but not by as much as she feared.
The restaurant was only half full when they walked in, water dripping from their wet coats, but the steam rising from the damp clothes of the other customers gave the room a cosy, warm feel.
‘God, I won’t be able to have a smoke now,’ moaned Gerry.
A large “No Smoking” sign hung just inside the entrance.
‘Bit too wet for that, my love.  Anyway, it’s time you gave up.’
Geraldine ignored him and helped relieve her two children of their wet anoraks.  They chose a table near the window where they could watch the rain drumming on the pavements outside and ordered a bottle of Soave and two cokes.
‘OK, Margery what’s all this business about the house?’
‘I’m as surprised as you are Chris.  Harry led me to believe that I could stay there as long as I wanted.  I don’t particularly want to keep the house.  It was Harry’s money that paid for it, if he wanted his children to have it that’s fine by me.  But I did think I’d be able to stay there for a few more years, at least until I had decided what to do with my life.  I’m not sure what I’m going to do now.’
‘Do you have anywhere of your own?’
‘No.  I always intended to return to London if anything happened to Harry but I hadn’t actually planned for it.  You don’t do you?  You don’t expect people to die.’
‘What about money?  Did he leave you anything at all?’
‘Harry didn’t have a lot of money left.  Remember he hadn’t really worked for twenty years.   But I’ve got some savings and then there’s Harry’s life insurance.  I’ll be alright I expect.’
‘Houses are expensive here now you know.’
‘Maybe I’ll move into the country, up north or Scotland even.’
Gerry pulled a face.
‘Come on Margery.  You’re a Londoner.  Why move away from your friends?’
‘To be quite honest Gerry, apart from you and Chris, and Jenny of course, I don’t have many friends here anymore.  What I’d really like to do is just stay where I am for at least a few more years.  I had quite a good business going in Spain until recently, I’d like to try to get it going again.  I don’t fancy starting all over again in London.’
‘What did Max have to say about them planning to sell the house against Harry’s wishes?’ Gerry asked.
‘He said that Harry’s wishes had no legal standing.  He said that once the beneficiaries have inherited the property it becomes legally theirs and it’s up to them what they do with it,’ Margery replied.
‘I understand but there are other angles.’
He paused then asked:
‘Have you ever wondered if Tom and Sylvia are actually Harry’s children?’
‘What?  Not his children?  I don’t understand.’
‘Why didn’t you and Harry have any children?  I always thought you were keen to have a family,’ Gerry interrupted.
‘Never happened.’
‘Did you have any tests?’ Chris asked.
Margery felt a twinge of resentment at so many questions but she was intrigued with where it was leading.
‘I did. They couldn’t find any reason for me not to conceive.’
‘And Harry?’
‘Harry wouldn’t go.’
Chris and Gerry looked at each other.
‘It was the same with his first wife.  They were married for years before Sylvia came along and Harry would not even discuss it with anyone.’
‘But she became pregnant in the end.’
‘Yes but neither of the children look like Harry.’
‘Of course they do, well Tom at least.’
‘No he doesn’t Margery.  OK he’s dark haired and thin, but that’s all.’
‘That doesn’t mean anything.  Lots of kids don’t look like their parents.’
She looked at Rupert and Nicola, younger versions of Chris and Gerry, hybrids of them both.  Rupert’s face in particular had a way of changing from his father’s serious demeanour to the more mischievous look of his mother within moments.  His genes were clearly obvious.  Nicola on the other hand had the blond curls of her mother and Chris’s pale, grey eyes but her face was all her own.
‘No, there’s more to it than that.’
‘Well,’ she paused, feeling herself blush at what she was about to say.  ‘Actually I know Harry had a problem.’
‘You know?’
‘Yes.  I had his sperm tested.’
‘I thought you said he wouldn’t have any tests.’
‘He wouldn’t.’
‘So?’
‘Don’t ask.  Suffice to say I had it tested.  I was fed up waiting for him to do something.  It seemed to be so unfair.’
‘And?’
‘The results were inconclusive so the guy at the clinic suggested he have a blood test.  That was easier.  They test your blood for all sorts of reasons in Spain.  Harry had been having a spate of headaches and so I took him to a private laboratory and had an analysis taken.  Of course I didn’t give him the full results.’
‘Which were?’
‘That he had Klinefelter’s Syndrome.’
‘I’ve never heard of it.’
‘It’s something to do with having an extra chromosome, he had two XXs and one Y.  It’s not uncommon, about one in every five hundred men have it.’
‘So why isn’t it better known?’
‘Apparently there are few outward symptoms so I imagine that many men never know they are suffering from it.’  
‘Until they want to have a child that is,’ said Gerry.
‘The only sure way to identify it is with a blood test.’
‘Can’t it be treated?’
‘Some aspects can be helped with testosterone but the genetics can’t be altered.’
‘Did you say anything to Harry?’
‘I tried but every time I brought up the question of babies he got angry and stormed out.  He was drinking quite heavily by then,’ she added.  ‘In the end I just resigned myself to not having any children.  I had my work, I just immersed myself in that.’
‘So there you are then,’ Chris said, putting his knife and fork firmly down on the table as though to underline the decisiveness of his statement.
‘But it’s not actually proof unless you’ve still got the results,’ said Gerry.
‘Do you have the results?’
‘No of course not, I destroyed them straight away.  Harry would never have forgiven me if he’d known what I did.’
‘Do you think he knew he had the condition?’
‘I don’t know but it could explain why he was always so resistant to have any tests done.’
Chris hesitated then said:
‘He once told me, many years ago when we were both still single, that he thought he would never be able to have any children.  I didn’t press him for any details, we were both a bit drunk at the time and I thought he was just being a bit maudlin.’
He paused and drank some of his wine.
‘Never thought about it again until the other day at the funeral.  You know how you start reminiscing on these occasions, well suddenly I remembered us standing on the bridge in Henley, pints of Brakespeare’s Best Bitter in our hands and talking about the future.  We’d just finished our finals and our lives stretched out before us like blank slates waiting to be written on.  That’s when he turned to me and said: “I’m never going to get married Chris.”  I laughed at him but he was serious.  “Can’t have children, so what’s the point in getting married?”  I told him not to be so bloody stupid and to go and get us a couple of more pints.’
‘So he did know there was something wrong.’
‘Sounds like it.’
‘And Barbara?  She must have known.’
‘Either that or got fed up waiting and got herself pregnant anyway.’
‘Mum, can we go?’
‘Soon Rupert.  Don’t you want some pudding?’
‘So are you going to contest it?’ Chris asked.
Margery did not answer straight away, she scooped the last morsel of Bolognese sauce onto her spoon and popped it into her mouth then lay her spoon carefully back on the plate.
‘I don’t know,’ she said at last.  ‘It seems a bit mean dragging all this up now.  Can’t I do it some other way?’
‘When do you see their solicitor?’
‘Thursday.’
‘You could get Max to speak to him and see if he can negotiate anything.’
‘I suppose so, but I don’t want to upset anyone.  Harry left them the house, it must mean something.  Maybe he thought they were his kids after all.’
‘Only Barbara can tell us that.’
‘Chris we can’t go to an old friend and ask her if her ex-husband was really the father of her children.  It’s too cruel,’ interjected Gerry.
‘It’s all Margery’s got to negotiate with,’ he snapped.  ‘You could ask for a DNA test I suppose.’
‘Oh Chris that’s awful.’
‘Why is it awful?  It would prove once and for all that they were his children.’
‘No Chris.’
 Margery’s voice was hard.
‘No DNA test.  I don’t want to ruin those children’s lives.’
‘Well they don’t seem to care about ruining yours, do they?  And anyway they’re not children anymore.’
‘I just think I should go easy.’
‘Dad ...’
‘OK Rupert, we’ll pay the bill and go.  OK?’
The boy’s smile lit up the gloomy table and Margery took his hand and said:
‘I’ll buy some ice-cream at the amusement park, that’ll be our pudding.  What do you think?’
‘Yeah.  Well good.’
‘Rupert.’
Gerry did not approve of her son’s manner of speech but the boy took no notice, he and his sister were already putting on their coats.

Ian Routh’s offices were located in a tall Edwardian building on the Old Bath Road, she had no trouble finding them.
‘I have an appointment with Mr Routh,’ she told his secretary, an Indian girl, wearing a pale blue sari.
‘Please take a seat.  He will only be a moment,’ the woman said.
Margery sat facing the window.  The offices were modern: sleek, smooth lines to the furniture and pastel shades on the walls.  For some reason she felt it resembled more a dentist’s waiting room that a solicitor’s office.  
‘Mrs Wilkinson, I’m sorry to have kept you waiting.’
An aluminium faced door opened and Ian Routh emerged.  He stood back to let her enter.
‘I’m glad you were able to come.  It’s so much easier to speak face to face than on the telephone, don’t you think.’
Margery nodded and was about to reply but Ian continued:
‘Please do sit down.’
He motioned her to an uncomfortable looking chrome and black leather chair and took his place opposite her, behind a large ebony desk on which lay a leather blotter and a single sheet of paper.   She waited as he carefully realigned the piece of paper so that its edges were parallel to the blotter, placed his gold fountain pen neatly alongside it and cleared his throat.
‘First of all let me say how sorry I am that you were to learn of the house sale in such an unfortunate manner.  Such bad timing.’
‘Yes it was a bit of a shock.’
‘I had intended to write to you but my client said it was better to wait and tell you in person.’
‘Your client?  Sylvia you mean?’
‘Yes.  Sylvia and Tom, they are joint owners of the house now.’
‘May I know why they have decided to sell the house against their father’s wishes?’ she asked.
‘That’s a purely private matter I’m afraid, you would have to speak to Sylvia or Tom about their reasons.  Suffice to say that they wish to sell it as soon as possible and want me to make arrangements for you to vacate the house.’
‘What if I refuse?’
The solicitor looked up and for the first time she had his undivided attention.
‘It could get expensive, you know legal fees etc.’
‘Expensive for whom?  Not for me.’
‘It is after all their house.  Why would you refuse?  You have been living there since your husband died, that’s a year now.  I think my clients have been very fair in waiting so long.’
‘Fair?  Harry said I could stay in the house as long as I wanted to, he told me that when he drew up his will.  It was not a stipulation on my part, it was his idea.  He did not want my life disrupted any more than was necessary.  I am surprised that his children will not honour his wishes.’
He looked down at the blotter and adjusted its position slightly, then changed his mind and moved it back to its original place.
‘I understand that you are upset about this Mrs. Wilkinson but as I said my clients have personal reasons for wanting to sell the property and these reasons outweigh any filial sentiment.’
‘I will need to speak to my solicitor before I give you an answer,’ she said eventually.
He picked up his pen and unscrewed the cap.
‘Fine.  May I ask the name of your solicitor?’ he asked, poised to write it down.
‘Of course.’
She handed him Max’s business card.
‘Ah yes, I am acquainted with Mr Atherton.  I’ll get in touch with him.’
‘Is that all?’ she asked
‘Just one other thing Mrs Wilkinson, I wondered if you had a copy of your husband’s death certificate with you?’
‘Yes I do actually but it’s back at the hotel.  Why?’
‘The family would like to know exactly how Mr Wilkinson died.  They heard first of all that he had drowned, then something about some kidney complaint.  I’m sure you must understand how distressing it is for them not to know the exact details of his demise.’
‘Yes I can understand Mr Routh.  It was as the coroner said on the death certificate: accidental death by drowning.  I’m not sure where the idea of kidney failure came from.  Harry fell in the swimming pool and drowned.  I’m sorry I cannot give you any more information, I was out when it happened.’
She saw him look at the piece of paper and frown.
‘So you cannot shed any light on how the accident occurred?’
‘No I’m sorry.  Maybe if his family had kept in closer touch with him they would have a better understanding of Harry’s life and his death.  Perhaps you could tell them that.’
The solicitor did not reply but stood up, making it clear that their conversation was over.  He offered his hand politely and said:
‘I look forward to hearing from your solicitor Mrs Wilkinson.  And maybe, if it’s not too much trouble, you could send me a copy of the death certificate.’
She shook his hand briefly and nodded. 

When she got back to the hotel she checked with reception but there was no word from Jenny.  She went up to her room and took out the death certificate and laid it on the bedside table.  She would ask the hotel receptionist to fax a copy to Ian Routh.  A business card slipped out of her document folder and fell on the floor.  She bent down and picked it up, it was Arnie’s: “Arnold Good, Entrepreneur and Businessman”.  A pretty vague description for a pretty shady character she thought.  There was a UK telephone number printed in the bottom right hand corner.  With only a moment’s hesitation she picked up the bedside telephone and dialled it.  The sing-song voice of a young woman answered:
‘May I speak to Mr Good please?’ Margery asked.
‘Mr Arnold Good or Mr Trevor Good?’ the voice continued.
‘Arnold.’
‘Who shall I say is calling?’
‘Margery Wilkinson.’
‘Just putting you through.’
Margery heard Arnie’s nasal voice on the other end of the line:
‘Margery, what a surprise, I thought you’d be back in the sunshine by now.’
‘No, I’ve a few loose ends to tie up first.’
‘So what can I do for you?’
‘I wanted to talk to you about Harry.’
‘Sure, fire away.’
‘I’d sooner come round to see you, I’m not sure that what I have to say is best said over the ’phone.’
She could tell he was surprised.
‘OK.  Do you want to come here to my office or shall we meet for a drink?’
‘Maybe a drink would be best.’
‘OK, I’ve got to be in Bristol tomorrow evening, ’ow about I drop in to your ’otel on the way?  It’s the ’Oliday Inn, isn’t it?  I go right by it.’
‘That would be fine.  What time could you get here?’
There was a short pause then he said:
‘About five.  That suit you?’
‘I’ll wait for you in the hotel bar at five.’
‘See you then Marge.’
She could almost see the smirk on his face.  Well it had to be done, she was determined to get all the skeletons out of the cupboard this trip then she could close the doors and move on.

Arnie was surprisingly punctual.  Margery had just selected a table in a quiet corner and ordered herself a gin and tonic when he arrived. He was immaculately dressed in a dark blue suit and he wore what appeared to be an old school tie, she was sure it was not his own old school.  He could almost have passed for a regular business man if it had not been for the tattoo on his neck which his shirt collar failed to conceal, the flashy gold rings that he always wore and the ostentatious gold Rolex that hung below his cuff.  She wondered if he had a gold medallion hiding beneath his blue striped shirt as well.
‘Well I never expected this,’ he said, a broad smile revealing a set of sparkling new teeth and a flash of gold.  ‘A date with the elusive Margery.’
New dental work, she thought, so that was what was different about him.  No doubt he felt it made him look younger but his sallow skin still fell in folds around his neck and it had done nothing to remove the bags from beneath his eyes.
‘Can I order you a drink?’ she asked.
‘Just a coffee, don’t want any run-ins with the Old Bill now do I.’
She ordered his coffee and sat down again, opposite him.
‘Come on Marge.  What’s this all about?  Want to get to know me a bit better now that you’re footloose and fancy free?’
He leered at her with his new teeth.
She sipped her gin and tonic before replying:
‘Look Arnie, we’ve known each other a long time.  I know we’ve never been close friends but you and Harry seemed to get on well together.’
‘Yeah.  ’Arry was a good mate, I’ll miss him.’
She refrained from reminding him that he had not been to see Harry for almost three years and continued:
‘I’m not trying to pry into your affairs but I need to know what sort of work Harry was doing for you.’
‘Just odds and sods, helping out really.  I felt sorry for ’im, giving up his business in England and that.’
‘What kind of “odds and sods”?’ she pressed.
He ran his hand over his bald head and sighed.
‘Jesus Marge I can’t remember now.  Why’s it so important?’
‘Was it anything illegal?’
‘’Ey, now look ’ere Marge, I’m a respectable businessman, all my clubs are legit.  What d’you think I am, a crook?’
‘I didn’t say that but I want to know if Harry was mixed up in anything.  He changed so much after we moved to Spain, I couldn’t understand it,’ she added sadly.
‘Maybe you never really knew ’im.  It was the booze that changed ’im, a sight too fond of the River Ouse, was your old man.’
‘So those nights he was out with you he wasn’t doing anything illegal?’
‘No.  If ’e was into anything, ’e wasn’t doing it for me.’
Margery put her glass on the table and leaned back, looking Arnie straight in the eye.  Could she believe this man?
‘Look I know what you’re thinking but I can tell you ’e wasn’t into anything.’
He dropped his voice and leaned closer to her.
‘OK Marge, I’m completely legit now but I admit in those days I did ’ave a few shady deals going.  ’Arry wanted none of it.  ’E could have made a lot of money at one time but ’e wouldn’t get involved.  I’m not saying ’e wasn’t tempted but in the end ’e chickened out.  ’E said you’d never forgive ’im if you found out.’
‘What sort of shady deals?’ she asked.  ‘Drugs?  Prostitution?’
‘Nah, nothing like that.  Who d’you think I am Reggie Kray?  Nah, just a few shady property deals.  You know the kind of thing, slipping a few quid to some dodgy councillors, greasing the wheels, so to speak.  Everyone was up to it in those days.  Nobody got ’urt and a lot of people got rich.’
She thought instantly of Dawn and Peter.
‘That’s where you’re wrong.  Plenty of people have lost their life savings and ended up homeless through your shady dealings, and people like you.’
‘It’s not my fault if the town ’all’s renege on their deals.  I bought the land fair and square, I was just doing what all the other developers were doing.  I can’t ’elp it if I made myself a bit of money on the way.’
‘But not Harry.’
‘No, as I said, ’Arry didn’t want to know.  ’E said ’e was in enough shit with you as it was, ’e didn’t intend to make it worse.’
He finished his coffee and stood up.
‘Look Margery, if that’s all I’ve got to get going.  Christ I thought you’d got me here to tell me something important not to grill me about my business ethics.’
‘It’s important to me,’ she replied.
‘Yeah, well it was all a long time ago.  Put it behind you Margery and get on with your life, that’s my advice.’
He noticed her empty glass.
‘’Ere let me buy you another glass of “Mother’s ruin”,’ he offered.
She looked up at him and shook her head.
‘No thanks, but thank you for coming anyway.’
‘Yeah, well see you Marge, maybe we could grab a meal together when you get back to Spain.’
‘I don’t think so Arnie.’
‘Suit yourself.  Now I really must get going.’
He reached down to kiss her cheek but she forestalled him by extending her hand.  He took it but instead of shaking it raised it to his lips.  She snatched it away again and Arnie laughed.
‘Still the same old Margery, eh.  I told ’Arry you were too stuck up for the likes of us.  Thanks for the coffee, doll.’
She watched him walk across the bar and once he had gone she called the waiter across and ordered herself another gin and tonic.
‘A double please,’ she said, ‘with lots of ice.’
Later, when she left the bar the receptionist handed her a note.
‘There was a call for you, Mrs Wilkinson, from your solicitor.  Could you telephone him please as soon as possible.’
‘Thank you.’ 
She opened the note, it was Max’s telephone number.
‘What time did he telephone?’
‘Just after five o’clock.’
Margery looked at her watch, it was ten past six.  It was too late now, she would ring him in the morning.  Right now she wanted to be alone to think about what Arnie had told her.

She lay on the bed looking at the ceiling.  Her head ached from the gin and she felt unbelievably sad.  Had she been too wrapped up in her own desires to realise that Harry had needed her support?  She had loved him, she argued, she had done everything she could to help him.  But was it true?  She had found his drinking embarrassing, she was glad when people had stopped coming to see them.  She blamed Harry for changing into someone she did not know but did she do anything to help him?  Did she try to find out why he was drinking so much?  The slightest smell of alcohol on his breath threw her into a rage and she would push him away, she wanted nothing to do with him.  She grew to detest his drinking and because of that began to detest him.  It had been her choice to move out of his bed and leave him to fight his affliction alone.  She had spied on him, stolen his hidden cache of bottles and poured them down the sink, berated him every time he helped himself to a beer from the refrigerator and worst of all despised him.  Tears of shame filled her eyes and slowly trickled down her cheeks.  He had needed her compassion but she had been unable to give it to him.  He had been weak but so had she, she was not strong enough to help him and in her frustration she had turned against him when he most needed her. 
 
Straight after breakfast she went back to her room and telephoned Max.
‘Hi there Margery, thanks for calling back.’
‘Sorry I didn’t ring last night, I didn’t get your message until very late,’ she lied.
‘No matter, Chris has been on to me about this problem of yours with Harry’s kids.  As I told you last week I’m not sure we can make a case to stop them selling the house but we could put pressure on them.’
‘Blackmail you mean?’
He laughed.
‘Not exactly, in case you didn’t realise it, blackmail is against the law.’
‘What then?’
‘Well,’ he hesitated then said: ‘Look maybe it would be easier to go over it in my office.  Can you come over this morning?  I’ve just had someone cancel their 11.30 appointment.’
‘Yes, no problem, but you’ll have to tell me where it is.’
She listened patiently as he told her the address, noted down the directions and hung up.  It would only take about twenty minutes to get there.  She looked at her reflection in the mirror, a tired face stared back at her.  The strain of the last few days had pulled at the corners of her mouth and a permanent crease had appeared between her carefully shaped eyebrows.  She touched her hair, it felt lank and slightly greasy.  There was no way she could go to see Max looking like this.  It was just nine o’clock, she could hear the newscaster reading through the day’s headlines: yet more speculation about the new coalition.  Plenty of time to get herself ready she decided, stripping off her clothes and heading for the shower.

At precisely eleven thirty she was standing in Max’s reception room, her blonde hair glossy, her make-up immaculate and wearing a honey, beige suit that she had bought the day before.
‘Please take a seat Mrs Wilkinson, Mr Atherton will only be a moment,’ the receptionist informed her.
Max Atherton was probably a few years older than Margery but he had retained the vitality of his youth: his tall, well built frame and muscular shoulders were evidence of regular work-outs at the gym, his blond hair had turned grey with the years but it was cut short in line with the fashion and gave him a boyish look.  No longer the stereotypical Englishman, he looked more like a pop star.  When she had spoken to him on the telephone, the previous week, she had been surprised and flattered that he remembered her.  Now as he opened the door from his office she saw his eyes light up at the sight of her.
‘Margery, right on time.  Come in please.’
He ushered her into his office and directed her to an armchair by the window.  Everything was new, the building had been recently completed and as he explained they had only been in these premises a couple of months.  He had chosen them because he wanted to be out of the town with its one way system and crowded streets.  Here he could think clearly, he said pointing to the magnificent view.  She followed his gaze to the river, far below them, glinting in the sunshine as it slowly drifted to the sea.
‘It’s lovely,’ she agreed.  ‘You made a good choice.’
‘Right now, down to business, you’ll have to go through this in detail I’m afraid as Chris has only given me a sketchy idea of what you have in mind.’
‘I’m not sure I’ve got anything in mind Max.  I’ll tell you what I told Chris and Gerry and then you can see if it is useful or not.’
She repeated her suspicions about Harry’s virility and her subsequent actions then sat back to see the solicitor’s reactions.  She felt embarrassed at having to admit what she had done and feared that he might disapprove, after all he had been Harry’s friend as well as his solicitor. 
‘That’s interesting but how do you explain his children?  This condition, Klinefield’s Syndrome?’
‘Klinefelter’s Syndrome.’
‘Could it have begun later in life, after his children were born?’
‘No, I’m pretty sure it’s something you’re born with.  I think he’s always been sterile.’
‘But have you any proof, the results of the test for example?’
‘No, nothing.  There didn’t seem any point in keeping them.  After all it was only to satisfy my own curiosity.  Remember I was desperate at the time.  And I didn’t want Harry to come across them.’
‘Yes, I can see that.  The question is what do you want me to do with this information?’
‘That’s the problem, I don’t know.  I’m angry that Sylvia is doing this to me and especially in such a high handed manner.  If she’d talked to me about it I’m sure we could have come to some arrangement but to just go ahead and put the house on the market without telling me...’
She stopped.
‘As we discussed the other day you have nothing in writing that allows you to continue living in the house.  She and her brother are now the legal owners of their father’s house.  Actually it’s a pity that Harry decided to make an English will because under Spanish law you would have at least received half the house.  As it is you have no legal claims on it at all.’
‘As I said before Max, I was happy that Harry left them the house but I thought that I would be able to stay there as long as I wanted.’
She realised now that she had been rather naive in that belief.
‘So do you want me to use this new information to stop the sale?  We’d have to get DNA tests done and even then I’m not sure it would work.  I’ll have to go over the exact wording of the will.  Does it say that he left the house to his children or to Tom and Sylvia by name?  If they are specifically named then it does not matter if they are not his biological children they will still inherit and we will be no further forward.  Unless you want me to blackmail them, that is?’
He laughed.
‘No of course not.  Oh Max I just don’t know what I want.’
‘Look leave it with me for now.  I’ll get out the will and check the wording.  I’m pretty sure we would have inserted their full names but there again Harry had only just remarried, he may have wanted us to leave it open enough to cover any subsequent offspring.’
‘Oh, I don’t think so.’
‘Leave it with me anyway.’
‘What will you do?’
‘Nothing without speaking to you first, this is a very delicate matter.  But Margery you need to go away and decide exactly what it is you want to do with this knowledge.  Tom and Sylvia firmly believe that Harry was their father.  Now he is dead and they only have their mother.  What does this information say about her?  Even if it cannot be proved it could destroy their relationship with her, it could ruin their lives.’
‘I know all this.  That’s why I came to you for help.’
‘OK Margery, calm down.  I’ll look into it and let you know my opinion.  In the meantime I think it’s best to keep these suspicions to ourselves.  We don’t want Sylvia suing you for libel.’
Again he laughed and added:
‘Don’t worry Margery.  I’ll telephone you in a couple of days.’
‘Thanks Max.’
‘In the meantime do as I say, think hard about what you’re about to do.’
She nodded.
‘I’m sorry to keep our meeting so short but I’ve got a client at twelve o’clock.  Maybe next time we could meet for a drink rather than have you come here?’
‘Yes, that would be nice.’
She stood up and extended her hand towards him but he came round from behind his desk and bent forward to kiss her cheek.  He smelled of after shave and coffee and the slight rasp from the stubble on his chin sent a tingle down her spine.  Yes, a drink with Max would be nice.

It was a long climb to the top of Coombe Hill and Barbara found that she had to stop more than once to catch her breath.  Katy bounded on ahead, stopping to investigate the roots of trees, poking her pointed snout deep into the undergrowth, sniffing and snorting until, convinced that there was no more to learn, she would spring away to continue her search in another spot, from time to time she would turn and check that her mistress was still there before resuming the hunt for the elusive rabbits.  Her pattern was always the same but it still made Barbara smile, she would tear through the undergrowth as fast as her small legs could carry her and if she spotted a rabbit she would let out a shrill “yip yip” and set chase.  Every so often the small brown dog would make a four footed leap into the air in an attempt to check the rabbit’s position, her tail stuck out behind her like a golden standard.  Invariably the rabbit went one way and Katy the other, but the dog’s enthusiasm was undiminished.
‘Katy, come,’ she called.
She sat down on a bench near the Monument and looked out across the vast expanse of the Vale of Aylesbury, to her left the long, snaking ridge of the Chilterns spread westwards, their slopes covered with beech and spruce.   It was a bright, clear morning with that touch of dampness in the air that was common early in the day.  Grey clouds were scudding across the sky casting their fleeting shadows on the grass.  She breathed deeply, letting the cold air fill her lungs and exhaled slowly, watching the smoky cloud of her breath hang in the still air for a moment, before it floated away.  The fresh air revived her, up here she could always think clearly.  Katy nuzzled her nose against her hand and settled down to wait.
For weeks Barbara had dreaded going to the funeral but now that it was over she was glad she had gone, Margery was not the monster she had imagined, just another sad woman trying hard to keep her life together.  She was beautiful even now, she admitted but she was not happy, that hard, calm exterior had not fooled Barbara.  Margery had her share of problems too.  She wondered if she had wanted to have any children, she knew that there were none.
She had been very upset when Sylvia had told her that Margery was bringing Harry’s ashes back to England, she had shut herself in her bedroom and cried silently into her pillow.  She did not want to be reminded of the past, she had put all that behind her and was not ready to pull it out of the recesses of her mind and dust down the cobwebs.  Her life had changed since then, she was no longer the meek, loving housewife that Harry had deserted.   How strange life was she thought.  If Harry had not met Margery, Barbara would never have found out that she had a talent for business, she would still be baking apple pies on Sundays and growing her own vegetables.  It still made her feel uncomfortable to know she was rich and she knew she would never be so rich that she would forget how she used to sit pouring over her cheque stubs and adding and re-adding her accounts in the hope that more money would materialise, how she used to unpick Sylvia’s jumpers so that she could re-knit the wool into a sweater for Tom, how she would wear laddered tights as long as the ladders remained out of sight above her knee, how she would make a pound of mince stretch into enough meals for two days.  She would always be grateful to Ian and Doug for helping her to get her business started but she knew that in the end its success had come down to her, it had been hard work at first but once the orders had started flooding in there was no turning back.  It had taken many years but now here she was with time on her hands, she walked Katy each morning after breakfast, she had her weekly appointment at the hairdresser’s, she played bridge with three other ladies on Wednesday afternoons and there was her book club, the first Tuesday in every month.  She bent down and patted the dog.
‘Good girl, let’s go a bit further shall we.’
She stood up and buttoned her jacket, it was not really cold but the wind was chill.  She decided to take the Ridgeway path down into Wendover and have a coffee before picking up her car.  The path was covered with a carpet of fallen leaves that had once been a hundred shades of gold and brown but the rain had beaten them into a dark uniform coating that was still wet and slippery.  Once again the little dog raced ahead but with less enthusiasm, her legs were tired now and she soon came back to walk alongside Barbara. 
Now there was this awful business about the house.   When they received the letter from Harry’s solicitor telling them that Tom and Sylvia had inherited his house in Spain she had thought that Sylvia might refuse to accept it.  For a long time her daughter said nothing.  Tom had been openly upset about his father’s death and she felt, though he never said anything, that he was touched by his father’s generosity.  They had both signed the relevant papers but still Sylvia had made no comment.
They were approaching the village now, leaving the leafless woods behind them and emerging into the autumn sunshine, she bent down and attached a lead to Katy’s collar.
‘Good girl,’ she murmured, giving the dog a gentle pat on the head.
The town was quiet, it was the time of the morning she most enjoyed when the children were all in school and those that still had to work for a living were at their jobs, but it was still too early for most shoppers.  She wandered down the high street watching sleepy shop-keepers unlocking their doors and winding up their shutters, a young woman sluiced down the pavement in front of the butchers with a bucket of hot, soapy water, on the other side of the road the florist’s assistant brought out pots of rufous chrysanthemums and pale mauve Michaelmas daisies and arranged them in rows outside the shop’s entrance,  the smell of fresh coffee drifted across from the Caribbean coffee shop, a touch of exotica in this traditional country town.  She suddenly felt hungry, she had been up since six o’clock that morning and breakfast seemed a long time ago.
She pushed open the door and went inside.  A young girl, with her hair tied back in a ponytail was standing behind the counter and an old woman, the only other customer, was sitting in the corner, a large cup of steaming Capuchino in front of her.  Barbara looked at the girl and gestured towards her dog.
‘Oh that’s OK, bring her in, we’re not busy this morning,’ she said with a smile that caused two big dimples to appear in her rosy cheeks.
‘Thank you.  I’ll have a black coffee and ...’ Barbara hesitated, ‘one of those.’
She pointed to a rather sticky looking Danish pastry.  She chose a seat by the window and looping the dog-lead around the leg of her chair sat down, stretching her legs out in front of her.  The dog, having decided that there was nothing of interest in this establishment, curled up under Barbara’s feet and went to sleep.
Now she was both retired and wealthy, but, as she had said to Ian that morning over breakfast, what was the point of having all that money if she could not do what she wanted with it.  And what she wanted to do was give it to her children, she knew Sylvia needed money for Linda’s school but she refused to accept it from her.  Barbara loved her granddaughter, it made her sad to think of the little girl struggling with her letters.  Neither Tom nor Sylvia had had any problems learning to read, she remembered Sylvia pretending to read her mother’s books when she was barely two, sitting in the armchair studiously trying to read the indecipherable squiggles from a book more often than not held upside down.  As soon as she was able she devoured all the books Barbara bought her, fairy tales, fables, adventure stories, animal tales, anything and everything.  Tom on the other hand loved to have stories read to him, sitting wide eyed listening to his mother at bedtime but, although less enthusiastic than his older sister, even he had no trouble unscrambling the hieroglyphics in order to make sense of their meaning.  Poor Linda, how sad it was that this important skill was eluding her.  Barbara thought back to her own solitary childhood: she would have been lost without her books, her greatest companions.  She had kept them all and the bookshelves of her house were weighed down with them: from the tattered copies of Enid Blyton and C S Lewis to Dickens and Tolstoy.  Sometimes when she sat alone she imagined the hundreds of different worlds trapped between the dusty pages, the myriads of characters caught up in their own private lives and she knew she could not throw away a single one.  She sighed as she thought of Sylvia, sometimes her daughter could be so stubborn.
It was one day at the beginning of September, when Barbara was collecting Linda from school that she realised that Sylvia had been making plans.
‘Nana you will have to collect me from my new school next year.  I hope you know how to get there.’
‘New school?  What new school sweetheart?  I thought you liked this school.’
‘I do, Nana but Mummy says I have to go to a new school.  It’s a much better school.  If I go to the new school I’ll soon be able to read like Sally.’
Sally was Linda’s best friend.
‘That sounds nice dear.’
‘Do you know how to get there Nana?’
The little girl crumpled her forehead in anxiety.
‘I’m sure your Mummy will tell me.  We’ll ask her where it is when she gets home shall we?’
‘What time will Mummy get home?’
‘I suppose that will depend on what time her course finishes.’
‘I might be in bed.’
‘You might.’
‘Will the little hand be on the seven when I go to bed?’
‘Yes that’s right Darling, seven o’clock is your bedtime.’
‘Why is Mummy on a course Nana?’
‘Because your Mummy is a teacher and all teachers have to do courses so that they can learn new things to teach their pupils.’
Linda laughed at the idea of her mother being in school.
‘Just like me,’ she said.
‘Yes, just like you.’
Barbara did not see her daughter that evening, she had just finished bathing Linda when Richard arrived home.
‘Hi Barbara, sorry I’m late, we had problems with some local farmers, they’ve been storing their silage badly and it’s been leaking into the aquifers.’
‘That’s OK Richard.  Linda’s in bed, she’s had her tea and her bath.  You’re just in time to read her a story.’
‘Great, I’ll go straight up.  Are you staying for supper?’ he added.
‘No, thanks, I must get back, Ian will be waiting for me.’
‘Thanks again.’
He kissed her cheek and went up the stairs two at a time to see his daughter.  Barbara could hear him calling to her:
‘Hi Lindy Lou, it’s Daddy.’
There was something about Richard that reminded her of Harry, she had thought that the first time Sylvia had brought him home to meet her.
‘Ask Sylvia to give me a ring will you,’ she called up the stairs after him.
‘Will do.’

Sylvia telephoned her the following evening.
‘Hi Mum, thanks for picking Linda up.’
‘No problem, she’s real pleasure to be with.’
‘Isn’t she and she’s such a sweetie.  Do you know what she said to me this morning?  Had I learnt something new yesterday, to teach my class?  She thought it was such a hoot that I had been to “school” for the day.’
‘She’s growing up fast.’
‘Too fast.’
‘She says she’s going to a new school.’
Barbara could hear the hesitation in Sylvia’s voice before she answered:
‘Yes I’m thinking of getting her into Piper’s Park.  You do know she’s dyslexic?’
‘No, I didn’t.  I know you said she had problems with her reading but I didn’t realise it was dyslexia.’
‘Well it is and I, we, both think that she needs special help.’
‘Is it a private school?’
‘Yes.’
‘Expensive?’
‘Sort of.’
‘You know I can help with the fees, I’d like to.  Just let me know how much they are and I’ll write you a cheque.’
‘No thanks Mum, there’s no need, we can manage.’
‘Are you sure?’
‘Positive.’
‘Well if you need anything please ask, I have the money and I’d like to help.  She is my granddaughter after all.’
‘Yes, thanks Mum but we’ll be alright. We’ll have plenty of money once Dad’s house is sold.’
‘So you’re going ahead with it then?  But what about Margery?’
‘What about her?  It’s our house now.  Why should she continue to live there rent free?’
‘Oh Sylvia you need to think about this.  You’re throwing her out of her home.’
‘Why do you care after all she’s done to you, to us?’
‘But Sylvia that was all a long time ago.  You can’t do this to her.’
‘I can and I am going to.’
‘What does Tom say about it?’
‘Tom knows we need the money.’
‘But Sylvia…’
‘No “buts” Mum, it’s going to happen.  Look I’ve got to go, I’ll talk to you later.  Thanks again for looking after Linda.’ 
Of course Tom was very noncommittal when she spoke to him, as she knew he would be.  She could not remember a single time when he had spoken out against his sister, it was not going to happen now.  Of her two children it was Tom that she worried about most, Sylvia had a hard shell that protected her from the world but Tom was a softer, gentler person.  Besides which Sylvia had Richard to help her, they made a very good couple sharing similar interests and opinions about the world and of course they had Linda.  They were a family.  Tom was on his own, a loner, introverted, quiet, thoughtful and caring, as far as she knew there had never been a girlfriend until Charlotte.  When he brought Charlotte to have Sunday lunch with them and she saw how much he was in love with this girl she knew he would make a good husband and father, she just hoped that Charlotte felt the same way about him.
‘But why do you have to sell the house?’ she asked him.
‘We need the money,’ was his answer.
‘But you know that your father wanted her to continue living in it, it is her home after all.’
‘I know, that’s why we didn’t do it straight away, but he’s been dead a year now. Anyway it will probably take ages to sell.’
‘That’s not the point Tom, you’re throwing her out of her home.  I thought you liked Margery?’
‘She’s OK.  She’ll find somewhere else.  I’m sure Dad didn’t leave her without anything to fall back on.’
‘I’ve told Sylvia I can help with the money but she won’t take it.’
‘No she wants to do it her own way, you know how she is Mum.’
‘But what about you?  What do you want money for?’
‘We all need money Mum, you should know that.’
‘Look if it’s for a new car or something I can help you, you only have to ask.’
‘I’m moving up to Edinburgh after Christmas.’
She felt as if a door had opened and a cold wind had entered the room.
‘To Edinburgh?’
Her voice sounded faint.
‘Mum are you still there?  Did you hear me?’
‘Yes Tom.’
‘It’s the job, they’re closing the London branch and we’re all moving to Edinburgh, those that want to go of course.  It makes sense, there’re no big projects in the London area at the moment.  All our new developments are in the north.  The Edinburgh office has been going from strength to strength for years now.’
‘Sounds as though you’re pleased?’
‘Oh yes, it’s a good opportunity, we’ve got the contract for the new Festival building.’
‘Will you be working on that?’
‘Yes, in a minor way but yes.  It’ll be great experience for me.’
‘What about Charlotte?’
‘Mmn, that I don’t know.’
‘What do you mean you don’t know?  Will she be going with you?’
‘She has her own job Mum.  I don’t know what she’ll do.’
‘I thought you two were going to move in together.’
‘We talked about it but I don’t know what will happen now.’
She felt just as she had when he was eighteen and wanted to visit his father, her mind racing, looking for reasons why he should not go.
‘Anyway if we sell the house it’ll give me enough money to buy a place in Edinburgh,’ he continued.
Suddenly she was no longer so worried about Margery’s imminent eviction, Tom’s news had wiped everything else from her head.
‘Well this is a bit of a shock,’ she at last managed to say.
‘Don’t take on Mum, it’s not as though I’m going to Australia is it.  I’ll be back to see you and I’m sure you’ll be up to see me from time to time.’
‘I hope it will be worth the upheaval,’ was all she said.
‘Better a move than no work,’ he said.  ‘Anyway I might only be there a couple of years.  Nobody stays still in my line of work for long, you have to go where the interesting projects are if you want to get on.’
She had always known this but so far Tom had been lucky and for the past eight or nine years had been involved in the building of various new developments that had sprung up alongside the M1.
‘More coffee?’
The girl with the ponytail was standing beside her, a full pot of coffee in her hand.
‘Please.  Oh and can I have the bill please.’
She looked at her watch, it was a Jaeger Lecoultre that Ian had bought her for a wedding present.  She touched it affectionately, it was almost eleven o’clock, time to go home.

CHAPTER 23

Tom took a long, slow drink from his glass of beer.  The pub was already crowded although it was barely seven o’clock but he had managed to find a free table in the corner and now was sitting there wondering where Sam had got to.  The beer was cold and refreshing, a thin film of condensation covering the glass, he drank some more.
A man in his mid twenties pushed his way through the crowd and sat down opposite him.
‘I thought you’d got lost.’
‘Hold up on the M4.’
‘Accident?’
‘No idea, could have been.  We just crawled along for about forty minutes then suddenly it was clear.  Didn’t you get caught up in it?’
‘No, I always come down the M40.’
‘Right, what’ll you have?’ the man asked, eyeing Tom’s half empty glass.
‘Another one of these’ll be fine: Stella.’
‘Pleb, why don’t you drink a real beer for once?’
He disappeared once again into the crowd and eventually returned with a pint of Stella, a pint of Guinness and two packets of crisps which he placed on the table in front of Tom.  Neither man spoke for a moment while they savoured their drinks, contentment growing with each swallow.
‘God I was ready for that,’ Sam said, wiping a narrow moustache of froth from his top lip. 
He snapped open a packet of crisps and placed it between them.
‘So what’s new then Tomo?  How’d the funeral go?’
‘OK, as well as a funeral can, I suppose.  There were lots there: all the family and a few of Margery’s friends and Margery of course.’
‘And how is the femme fatale?  Still fancy her?’
‘Don’t be an idiot.  Anyway Charlotte was there.’
‘Oh yes, lovely Charlotte, is she coming tonight?’
‘She said she might pop in later when the music starts.’
He remembered her words: ‘No, I’m not getting there for seven just to sit and listen to you and Sam reliving your schooldays.  I’ll be along later.’
‘Who is it tonight anyway?’ Sam asked, downing the last of the Guinness.
‘Some guy called Kevin, plays the guitar.’
‘He must be popular by the look of this crowd.’
‘Yeh, it is pretty packed tonight.’
‘Got anyone for your flat yet?’
‘No, nobody’s even been to look at it.’
‘When have you got to move up there?’
‘Soon, the first of January.  The new offices open the next day.’
‘That’s not long to find somewhere.’
‘No, but the company have said we can stay in a hotel for the first few weeks until we’re settled.’
‘That’ll be good.  Who’s we, you and Charlotte?’
‘No, me and the other guys from the office, there’re six of us.  Barry and Zak are planning to buy a flat together and the others are looking for somewhere to rent.’
‘That’s going to cost the company a bit.’
‘They can afford it.  I’m just worried what I’ll do if the flat’s not sold by then.  I may have to drop the price.’
‘Might be a good idea Tom.’
‘Trouble is that everything in Edinburgh is so expensive, just to get a one bedroom flat in the suburbs will cost as much as my two bedroom one in Northwood.’
‘If you can get a mortgage that is.’
‘That’s true.’
‘But you’ll have the money from the house in Spain, won’t you?’
‘In theory.’
‘What’s that mean, in theory?’
‘Margery’s not keen on moving out.  According to Ian she’s got her solicitor looking into it.’
‘So that sale’s not going to happen quickly then, once you’ve got solicitors involved they drag it out for ever.’
‘I don’t really care, I never wanted to sell the damn house anyway.  It was all Sylvia’s idea.  I think she’s just doing it to get back at Margery for taking Dad away.’
‘But that was years ago.’
‘I know but she goes on about it as though it were yesterday.’
‘Tell her you don’t want to sell, she can’t do it without your OK can she.’
‘Oh I can’t do that, she’s my sister.’
Sam regarded his empty glass sorrowfully.
‘Tomo, time to grow up.  You can’t let your sister boss you around now, you’re not kids any more.  It’s probably a good thing that your firm’s moving up to Edinburgh, get you away from your family for a bit.’
Tom did not reply.  He knew his friend was right, he had always let Sylvia and his mother control his life.  Maybe now was the right moment to make a break without hurting either of them.
‘Ready for another?’ he asked pointing at Sam’s empty glass.
‘Too true, but better make it a half, it’s a long time to closing.’
Tom joined the queue at the bar, slipping in beside a tall woman with a Jamaican accent.  The barmaid smiled at him in recognition, he and Sam were regulars.  He would miss their Friday nights out when he moved, he would miss Sam.  He knew Charlotte was a little jealous of their friendship but he had tried to explain to her that he and Sam were like brothers, they were the same age, had gone through primary school together and only went their separate ways when Tom went to Leicester to read Architecture and Sam to UCL to study Economics.  When Tom’s father had left home it had been Sam’s mother, Mary who had helped his mother cope with being a single parent.  He still called her Aunty Mary even now and was very fond of her.
‘Same again please Julie,’ he said placing the empty glasses on the counter.
‘Pint of Guinness and a pint of Stella?’
‘Oh you’d better make it halves.’
As he watched the golden stream of liquid slowly fill the glass he felt sad at having to leave behind this warm and friendly corner of his life.  If the truth were told he was not a very adventurous young man.  It was many years since he had needed the comfort and reassurance of his Chelsea scarf but without realising it he had replaced it with a more subtle range of supports: primarily there was his friendship with Sam and then there were various routines that he had built into his life.  There were not just Friday nights at the pub, every Sunday he went to his mother’s for lunch and on Wednesday evenings he babysat with his niece so that Sylvia and Richard could go to the cinema, Monday he did his laundry and Thursday he went to the gym.  He smiled as he remembered the numerous battles he had had with teachers over wearing that scarf in school, he had clung to it with a tenacity that they did not realise he had.  Now he had agreed to move away from this safe environment where people knew his name and asked him how he was doing, he was going to have to make new friends, build up new routines.  If only Charlotte would agree to go with him.
‘That’s five pounds please Tom.’
He laid a five pound note on the bar and picked up the glasses.  The Jamaican woman moved aside to let him pass, he smiled at her and for a moment their eyes met, then she turned back to her companion.
‘Thanks mate,’ Sam said taking the glass from his hand.
‘Do you still keep in touch with your father Sam?’
‘Not so much now as when he first left but yes, I usually go over there at Christmas and for the odd Sunday lunch.’
‘What’s your mum say?’
‘She doesn’t mind, she likes us to all keep in touch, as long as she doesn’t have to see him that is.’
‘But when he left your mum?’
‘Oh she insisted that he come and see us every week.  Said she wouldn’t give him a divorce if he didn’t honour his responsibilities as a father.  Those were her exact words.’
‘How old were you when he left, about thirteen?’
‘Fourteen and Jamie was nine.  Dad used to come every Sunday and take us out somewhere.  I remember my mum wouldn’t let him in the house so when his car pulled up outside she’d give us our coats and push us out the door.’
‘Where did he take you?’
‘Depended, sometimes to the cinema or, if the weather was nice, to the park.  We always had lunch out because Mum insisted he feed us.  Once he took us to Hayling Island for the day, I remember because we went out in a boat and Jamie got soaked by a big wave.’
‘Do you think he enjoyed taking you out?’
‘Dunno, maybe.  When we got older we got bored with it so we persuaded them to cut it down to just lunch, Jamie wanted to be with his friends and, as you remember, we had football on Sunday mornings. I think it got better after that.’
Tom sipped his beer.
‘I didn’t realise how much I’d miss my Dad once he was dead, doesn’t make sense really because I never saw much of him anyway.’
‘Well he was your dad after all.’
‘I know but he just left us.  Not like your dad, he didn’t stick around to do the right thing.’
‘He tried to make it up to you when you were older.’
‘True but somehow it was too little too late.’
‘He left you the house.’
‘Yes and look what trouble that’s caused.’
He laughed.
‘Hey there’s Charlotte.’
Tom stood up and waved her across.  He was pleased to see her, his conversation with Sam was making him maudlin.  He did not want to think any more about the past he wanted to look to the future.  She bent over and kissed him on the lips, she tasted of strawberries.
‘Hi Tomo.  Hi Sam.  You OK?   Hope I’m not late.  Has the music started yet?’
She looked towards the stage where an overweight man in white trousers was setting up the microphones then continued:
‘The bridge was closed for repairs so I had to go round the long way.’
‘What’ll you have?  It’s my shout,’ Sam asked, already on his feet.
‘A glass of white wine please, Sam and can you see if there any sandwiches?’
‘Ham, cheese?’
‘Cheese if they have it, on brown.’
She took off her coat and settling herself onto the bench beside Tom took his hand in hers.
‘You’re freezing.’
‘Yes but I’ll soon warm up now.’
She moved her body closer to his, he could feel her breast pressing against his side and put his arm around her and hugged her even tighter.
‘Miss me?’
‘Of course.’
He kissed her lightly on her nose.  He loved her nose, it was lightly freckled and small and turned up very slightly at the tip.  Her eyes were almond shaped, in some lights they looked hazel, in others brown and now as they smiled at him they were a warm green.  He put his hand to her hair and stroked it, it was razor cut so that it clung to her head like a cap and it felt like fine silk in his hands.  She reminded him of a pixie or one of the fairies in Linda’s books with her long thin face and elfin features.
‘So what have you boys been chatting about?’
‘Not a lot, selling houses or rather the difficulty of selling houses.’
‘No luck then?’
‘No, nobody’s interested.  Do you think I should put it with another estate agent?’
‘Why not.  It can’t hurt to spread it around.’
His face grew serious for a moment and he lifted her hand to his face.
‘Look Charlotte, what’s going to happen about us?’
‘About us?’
‘When I move to Edinburgh.  How will we be able to keep seeing each other?’
‘Easy Tomo, it’s called “catching the train”.  You come down here one weekend and I go up there the next.  What could be simpler?’
She made it sound so easy, Charlotte had a knack of simplifying things, nothing seemed to bother her.  Sadly he felt she could just as easily turn round and tell him it was not working and to move on with his life.
‘I could look for another job, something in London.’
‘Don’t be ridiculous, there’s nothing happening in London.  Edinburgh’s the place to be if you’re an architect.  Your company knows that, that’s why they’re moving.’
‘I could change careers.’
‘What get a job on the buses?  I don’t think so Tomo.  We’ll be alright, we’ll still see each other.’
She patted his hand affectionately, almost like his mother would have done.  He had never had a serious relationship with anyone before Charlotte.  There had been some girlfriends, holiday romances, the odd date with a friend’s sister, but nothing steady.  Then he had met Charlotte.  It made him feel warm inside whenever he thought about her, he carried her photograph in his wallet and sometimes when he was caught in traffic or sitting outside a client’s office waiting for him to arrive he would pull it out and look at it.  He would think about their nights together and her warm, silky skin against his own.  He thought she was the most beautiful woman he had ever met and more than anything else he wanted to marry her but he could not find the courage to ask her.  She was a generous lover and eager both to please and be pleased when they were in bed together but she was no romantic.  According to Sam not many modern women were these days, they preferred honesty and forthrightness rather than flattery and romance.  If she ever agreed to marry him it would be for some practical reason not just so she could have a white wedding, he knew that.  She was a calm person, phlegmatic and positive, never agitated and she was good for him, she never allowed him to dwell on the past or become depressed because something had not turned out as he would have liked.  Maybe this move to Scotland would be the catalyst that he needed, maybe he should ask her to go with him.
‘Charlotte, you know I love you,’ he whispered.
She kissed him lightly and nodded towards Sam who was about to rejoin them with the drinks.
‘Cheese and salad,’ he announced.  ‘OK?’
‘Great, I’m starving,’ she replied and took a bite of the sandwich.  ‘So who’s performing tonight then?’
‘Some guy called Kevin, I think that’s him now.’
A young man in jeans and a black shirt had climbed onto the makeshift stage and was testing the microphone.  He wore a black baseball cap back to front and an electronic guitar hung around his neck.
‘Looks a bit feeble,’ said Sam.
‘Bit young.’
The youth tapped the microphone a few times and spoke to the audience.  It took a few minutes for the buzz of conversation to die down enough for him to be heard.  
‘Hi there folks.  My name’s Kevin, I’m just back from the flesh-pots of Marbella, hence the tan.’
He laughed and indicated the pink, peeling skin beneath his shirt.
‘And now that I’m back in rainy old England I’m going to entertain you for the next couple of hours with some of your old favourites.’
Sam groaned.  But Kevin was not deterred.  If he had worked the pubs before, he knew that anything he wanted to say had to be said now, because later it would be impossible to get the audience’s attention.
‘So let’s start with something from the master of the blues, Eric Clapton.’
There was a ripple of polite applause and people turned back to their companions.  The musician tapped the beat on the floor with his foot and started straight into “Stormy Monday”.  As the first few chords cut through the chatter the surprised customers turned to regard this sallow youth with renewed respect, eyes closed and body swaying he and his guitar had suddenly come alive.
‘He’s good,’ murmured Tom.
‘Yeah not bad, not bad.’
Charlotte had her eyes shut and was leaning back, sipping her wine, the sandwich left, half eaten on her plate.  Eric Clapton was a favourite of hers.  Tom took hold of her free hand and squeezed it gently.  She opened her eyes and smiled at him.
‘Don’t worry Tomo,’ she whispered.  ‘It’ll all work out, you see.’

It was almost midnight by the time they left the pub.  Sam had met up with a couple of girls he knew from school and gone on somewhere with them.  He wanted Tom and Charlotte to go along too, but Tom was not in the mood for partying, he wanted to talk to Charlotte about the future.  All evening he had been thinking of what he was going to say to her and now that they were alone he felt his tongue tying itself into knots.
‘That Kevin guy was a surprise,’ Charlotte said, pulling out a cigarette and lighting it.
‘Yeah, he was pretty good.’
‘Good?  He was great.  I’m surprised that he’s playing the pubs.’
‘But he’s still just a kid.’
‘He’s not that young, Granddad.  Must be in his twenties.’
‘Probably trying to get discovered, hoping that some agent will wander in for a pint and snap him up.’
‘Might be quicker if he went on the “X” factor.’
‘Charlotte.’
‘Yes, Tomo?’
She linked her arm through his and kissed his cheek.  He could smell her perfume.
‘Your place or mine?’
She laughed.
‘Yours I think.’
He felt a shiver run up his spine at the anticipation of being alone with her.  It was unnerving the effect she had on him.  He stopped and turned to face her, holding her shoulders gently so that he could see her clearly.  She looked up at him, smiling.  He could hear some people spilling out of the pub and a car engine revving.
‘What is it Tomo?’
‘Marry me Charlotte.’
She laughed.
‘Don’t be silly.  We’ve talked about this before.  I don’t believe in marriage and I don’t understand why you do after what happened with your parents.’
‘But I love you,’ he said.
‘I love you too, Tomo.  That doesn’t mean to say I have to marry you.’
‘Charlotte, you don’t understand, I want to be with you always.  I want us to be a couple.’
‘We are a couple.  Look Tom, all I’m saying is that if two people love each other they don’t need to prove it by getting married.’
He let go of her and turned away to hide his disappointment.
‘Tom.  What is this?  Is it because of the move to Edinburgh?’
He did not reply.  She put her hand on his back.
‘Tom, why don’t you ask me what you really want to ask me.’
He turned and stared at her.
‘What is it you want?’ she continued.
Her face looked pale, ethereal, in the light of the security lamps, she seemed so fragile, so delicate, yet he knew how strong she was.  Her parents had divorced when she was eighteen, her mother had moved to Miami and her father had remarried.  She had taken that breach in her family life as the moment to leave home and she had been independent ever since.  He needed her.  He took her hand in his and sighed.
‘Well?’
‘I want you to come with me,’ he said at last.
‘OK,’ she replied.
‘OK?  You mean you will?’
‘Well not straight away, things are not that easy, but yes, why not.  I wouldn’t mind living in Edinburgh for a few years.  It’d make a nice change.  Great music scene up there.’
‘But you never said anything.’
‘You never asked.’
‘What about your job?’
‘Obviously I’d have to find something else, I can’t imagine that you can afford to keep me.  Anyway, like I said, I won’t be dashing up there tomorrow.  These things take time.’
Charlotte worked as a news reporter for Chiltern Radio.
‘I’ll put out some feelers next week and see what’s about,’ she added.  ‘You know, Tomo, this could be fun.’

SUNDAY 24th OCTOBER 2010

CHAPTER 24: GOODBYE MY LOVE

Teddy was waiting for her by the gate as she walked up the hill towards his cottage.  He was definitely looking his age she thought, it was reflected in his movements and the stoop of his back.  He no longer walked with the spring of a younger man, muscles supple and yielding, now his back seemed stiff and tired, his legs straight, his joints painful.  His step was cautious and his eyes viewed the world with trepidation.  Harry’s death had aged him she felt sure.
‘Margery Darling, I was so pleased to get your call.  Come in do.’
The path leading to the cottage was scattered with hawthorn berries, their burst orange skins staining the paving stones.  Either side banks of Michaelmas daisies and lavender bushes flanked their way.
‘This is very pretty Teddy.’
‘You should see it in the Spring, when the lilac is flowering and the bulbs are out.  It’s a delight.  Alan looks after it you know, I don’t have the energy any more.  But he’s got green fingers, only has to look at a plant and it blushes and bursts into flower.  Has that effect on men too.’
He laughed and held the door open for her.
‘Is he here?’
‘Alan?  No he’s at work.  Someone has to bring in the money you know.’
He stood his walking stick in the corner and led the way to the kitchen.
‘So when are you off back to sunny Spain?’
‘Ah well, not sure.  Originally I planned to go this week but so much has come up that I will have to stay a bit longer.’
‘So much being Sylvia’s little surprise I suppose.’
‘Yes I have to admit it was quite a shock.’
She looked at him.
‘Did you know about the sale, Teddy?’
‘No, not until the funeral, my dear.’
‘You usually know everything that’s going on.’
‘That was then my dear, not these days.  I don’t go out so much anymore.’
‘Would you have told me if you had known?’
He smiled at her.
‘Of course Darling.  But as it turned out you knew before I did.  Here have a pre-lunch sherry.’
He handed her a glass of Tio Pepe.
‘I’ve cooked us a casserole of Welsh lamb for lunch.  I thought it would be just the thing for a cold day.’
‘Mmn nice.’
‘Come and sit down my dear, lunch will be at least an hour yet.  Now you said you had something you wanted to talk to me about.’
Margery settled herself in an armchair in front of the fire, it was old and misshapen but extremely comfortable.  It was so obviously Teddy’s and probably had once belonged to his grandparents, a lace antimacassar hung across the back.
‘It’s about Harry.’
‘Yes?’
‘Do you know if Harry ever had anything wrong with him?’
‘An illness you mean?’
‘Not really, more like a genetic problem.’
‘What had you in mind?’
Margery felt awkward, how was she going to put this.
‘Did he ever talk to you about problems having children?’
‘I remember that he and Barbara waited a long time before Sylvia and Tom came along.’
‘But did he talk to you about it?’
‘Not that I remember.  Why?’
‘Did Barbara talk to you about it?’
‘Now why would Barbara talk to me about her problems with Harry?’
‘Because everyone tells you their problems, you know they do.  I tell you my problems. I even telephoned you from Spain to tell you about Harry’s drinking.’
He laughed and said:
‘You flatter me.  You make me sound like the wise old uncle that everyone in the family turns to.’
‘It’s true.  I just can’t believe that neither Harry nor Barbara spoke to you about it.’
‘Well if people do tell me their problems it is because they know I won’t repeat them.’
He tapped his nose with his forefinger and winked at her.  It was true, she knew he had told no-one about Harry being an alcoholic.
‘Teddy, Harry’s dead now.  Surely you could tell me.’
He sipped his sherry slowly, looking at her over the rim of his glass.  His eyes were twinkling.
‘What exactly do you want to know Margery?’
‘Was Harry impotent?’
‘Yes.’
She took a deep breath.
‘How long have you known?’
‘Since we were boys.’
‘Did he know?’
‘Of course he did.’
‘And Phoebe?’
‘Of course, she was his mother after all.’
‘So all the family knew?’
‘Only Mother and me.’
‘But?’
‘Tom and Sylvia?  It’s a long story and not a very nice one.  Are you sure you want to hear it?’
She finished her sherry and put the glass down on the table.
‘Here let me get you another,’ Teddy offered.
Margery did not reply, she stared into the fire letting the flickering flames mesmerise her.  The sherry had sent a warm glow through her body and she felt herself relaxing back further and further into the chair.  Did she really want to continue this conversation?  Did she want to know where it would lead?
‘Barbara is a good woman, I am very fond of her you know.  If my persuasions had been otherwise she is just the sort of woman I would have liked to marry.  She was a good wife to Harry and has been a wonderful mother to her children.  It was a shame, she never asked for much, all she ever wanted from Harry was a family, he knew that when he married her.  But Harry never told her he was impotent, neither before they were married nor after.  I told him it was wrong to deceive her like that but he took no notice, he was in love.  Maybe he thought his love would be enough for her but anyone with half a brain could see that Barbara was meant to be a mother, she craved motherhood.  I think he tried to convince himself that the doctors were wrong, that he would be able to make her pregnant after all, but it didn’t happen.  
She went for test after test but they could find nothing wrong with her, the doctors told her to be patient.  She became thin and anxious, she gave up her job and tried to relax but still did not conceive.  She pleaded with Harry to go for tests, she suggested IVF but he refused, she told him about ICSI.’
‘ICSI?  What’s that?’
‘Something to do with injecting the sperm directly into the egg.  But that was not the answer and Harry knew it.  He wouldn’t go for the tests because he already knew the outcome but he would not admit it.  I tried talking to him again about it but he just told me to mind my own business.’
He sighed.
‘We nearly came to blows over that, it took a long while before Harry would talk to me again.  Anyway Barbara’s thirtieth birthday came and went and still she was not pregnant.  In the end she came to me, she was desperate she said.  She was frightened that if she left it much later she would be too old.  I asked her why they had not considered adopting a baby but she said they had already talked about that and Harry had refused.  He said he couldn’t bring up a child not knowing who it’s real parents were.  Poor Barbara, she was in such a state that, in the end, I agreed to help her.’
‘You helped her?’
Margery could not believe her ears.
‘What else could I do?’
‘You had an affair with Barbara?’
‘Of course not.  Not my thing at all, my dear, I thought you knew that.’
‘So what did you do?’
‘It was in the summer of 1979.  Harry was in Scotland working at the Edinburgh Festival, he was away almost a month I remember.  Barbara had come up to Nottingham to give me some ideas on furnishing the house, it was when she was there that she sprung it on me.  I had no idea what she was going to propose.  It came as a complete shock I have to admit.’
He laughed quietly.
‘We were in the middle of painting the ceiling of the lounge a terracotta red, when she suggested it.  I nearly fell off the ladder, I was so surprised.’
‘But you went along with it?’
He nodded.
‘More sherry?’
‘I think I may need it.’
She waited while he refilled their glasses and then asked:
‘So what did she want you to do?’
‘She knew I had a friend in the fertility clinic in Nottingham, a chap called Andrew.  We had been quite close in the days before I met Alan.  Anyway she wanted me to ask him to help her get pregnant.’
‘But how?  Didn’t she need some sperm?’
‘Hang on old girl, I’m getting there.  It’s not easy you know.’
He drank his sherry down in one gulp then continued:
‘She said it should be quite easy because she knew there was nothing wrong with her, all she needed was to become impregnated with someone’s sperm.’
‘Didn’t she care who the donor was?’
‘At first I thought she wanted an anonymous donor but then she dropped her bombshell.’
‘She wanted Harry’s sperm?’
‘No, she knew that would be too difficult to do without his knowledge and I knew that it wouldn’t work anyway.  To be honest I was worried that she was going to ask me to get Andrew to steal some sperm from the sperm bank but she had already made her plan.’
Margery looked at him expectantly.
‘Well?’
‘She wanted me to be the donor.  She thought because I was his brother any baby that we had would still have a family likeness.  She wanted Harry to believe he was the father.’
‘But she knew you were homosexual?’
‘Of course she did, that’s why she asked me.  She said as there was no woman in my life it wouldn’t matter.  She wasn’t taking anything away from anyone.’
‘But Alan?’
‘Alan doesn’t know about any of this.  What he doesn’t know can’t hurt him, I say.’
‘But if it’s genetic, weren’t you likely to have it as well?’
‘No, I knew I was clear.  Mother had had us both tested when we were fairly young.  For some reason it had passed me by.  Ironic isn’t it.’
‘So what happened?’
‘Barbara had all the dates of her ovulation charted so we knew when it had to be done.  She caught the train to Nottingham and I met her at the station then we went straight to see Andrew.  He was surprisingly sympathetic actually and said there would be no problem, as the following day was a Saturday he would do it then.  So I booked Barbara in a hotel for the night and I went home.  She could have stayed with me, we had plenty of room, but I didn’t want Alan asking any awkward questions, the fewer people who knew about it the better.   It was all pretty easy really.  I picked her up from the hotel and we drove to Andrew’s house, he had everything ready for us.  Then when it was done I took her back to the hotel, she insisted on staying in bed most of the day just in case and then I drove us both home that evening.’
‘And then Sylvia came along?’
‘Yes, nine months later there was Sylvia.  She was such a beautiful baby, just like her mother.’
‘And Harry?  Didn’t he suspect anything?’
‘He never said anything to anyone.  He must have known that he was not the father, it was impossible.’
‘Maybe he thought that he was, I read that there is an outside chance that men suffering from it can produce healthy sperm.’
‘It’s possible.  But as he had never spoken to anyone about his condition before he couldn’t start then.’
‘But to you, didn’t he say anything to you?’
‘No, as I said we were not talking at that time.  However I have to admit he surprised me, he was quite the proud father.  He idolised the child and for a while he and Barbara seemed sublimely happy.’
‘And Tom?’
‘At first I thought Barbara would be content with the one child but people kept asking her when she and Harry were going to have another one.  I could see it was beginning to bother her.  In the end she asked me if I would do it just one more time.’
‘And you agreed.’
‘Yes, but it was more difficult this time.  Harry had stopped working for the Edinburgh Festival by then and although he still went away, it was for shorter periods.  Eventually one of his trips coincided with her ovulation dates, he went to Wales to a rock concert and was away for five days so we had plenty of time.  However Andrew had left Nottingham by then so we couldn’t ask him to help, but luckily Barbara knew a local midwife who would help her.’
‘So along came Tom?’
‘Not straight away. He was a difficult little bugger, it took three attempts for her to conceive.’
‘And how did you feel about it all?’
‘I was delighted, I knew I could never tell anyone but that didn’t stop me enjoying the children.  I knew I was their father and it gave me great pride to see them.  Anyway as far as anyone else was concerned I was their uncle and Tom’s godfather so I was free to indulge them as much as I wanted and nobody would think it strange.  Perfect really: all the pleasures of fatherhood without the responsibilities.’
‘And still Harry said nothing?’
‘What could he say?  Perhaps you’re right, maybe he genuinely believed they were his children.’
‘What about Phoebe?  Did she know what was going on?’
‘Goodness me, no.  She did express some surprise when she heard that Barbara was pregnant but put it down to Harry’s doctor making a poor diagnosis in the first place.  She has never had a lot of faith in doctors.  No she has always believed that Tom and Sylvia were Harry’s children.’
‘How ironic.  All these years she’s been desperate for you to get married and have children of your own and there they were, under her nose, all this time.’
‘I know.  Funny old world isn’t it.  Now don’t you go telling anybody about this old girl.  Mum’s the word, alright?’
‘Of course Teddy.’
She sipped some more sherry while Teddy disappeared into the kitchen to attend to the lunch.  She had come here hoping to find out the truth about Harry’s children and now she had it.  But what could she do with it?  It was exactly as Chris had guessed but she could not tell him that.  This information gave her power over Barbara and her children but did she want to use it?  She knew she could not destroy their lives like that.  If one day Barbara chose to tell them the truth that was up to her but Margery was not going to interfere.  Max would have to find another way to save her home.
‘Lunch is ready old girl.’
‘On my way, Teddy.’

Her meeting with Max had been brief and to the point, she had told him that she did not wish to contest the sale and to do no more about it.  He had sounded surprised but noted down her instructions and said that he would write to Ian Routh and give him the news. 
As she left his office she decided she would do some shopping, she had not planned on staying in England quite so long and the meagre selection of clothes that she had brought with her was by now exhausted.
Her shopping expedition proved very fruitful and as she sat, stirring a large cafe latte, with her shopping bags at her feet, she felt a sense of achievement.  She had found a dark green dress, with a scoop neckline, that, according to the sales assistant, made her look at least ten years younger, and a pair of matching shoes.  A silk scarf in tones of blue and green set off the ensemble.  She sipped the coffee and thought through the events of the last few weeks.  Her life was going to have to change whether she wanted it to or not.  She had not intended to leave Spain but now it looked as though it might be the most sensible alternative.  She had friends there, she knew, but over the last few years she had gradually had less and less to do with them.  Her business was barely ticking over.  The house was about to be sold.  Maybe this was the moment to make a complete break with Spain and return home.  She had rebuilt her business once before, she could do it again.  This time she would restart in London.  She would telephone Jenny and talk to her about it, she had already told her that she could find her some new clients if she wanted them.  After all, that’s all it took, a couple of satisfied clients and then things would take off.  She took out her mobile and dialled Jenny’s number.
‘Hi, Jenny, it’s Margery.’
‘Hi Marge.’
‘When are you down this way again Jenny?’
‘Sometime next week, I think.  Why?’
‘I’ve decided to move back to London.  Fancy being my agent again?’
‘Wow, that’s a surprise.  I thought you’d turned your back on wet and windy England for good.’
‘No, all in all, I think I’ll be better off here.  So what do you say?’
‘Great, I’d love to take you on again.  Look, I’m driving at the moment, how about if I ring you back when I get home tonight?’
‘OK, fine.’
‘Look, got to go.  Ring you later.’
‘OK.’
‘Oh and Marge.’
‘Yes?’
‘It’s great news.’

The stonemason had promised to get the headstone completed within ten days and had kept to his word.  This was Margery’s last day, she had booked a flight to Malaga for the next morning.  The village was deserted, no sign of life behind the closed windows and nobody wandering down the high street, she noticed a couple of cars parked in the Yew Tree car-park but otherwise the place seemed empty.  She parked her car outside Teddy’s house and walked across to the church, she had promised to call in on him for lunch before she left.  She carried a green, metal vase with a pronged base, a bottle of water and a bunch of chrysanthemums, a flower she hoped would resist the elements at this time of year better than most.  Today the church looked a drab and dismal place under the grey, gloomy sky and as she opened the lych gate its noisy creaking cut through the stillness of the churchyard and caused a robin in a nearby holly tree to take flight.  She carefully closed the gate behind her and took the cobbled path through the churchyard and round the back of the church to where Harry’s ashes had been buried.  She saw the familiar elm tree ahead of her, the Wilkinson family’s gravestones at its foot but then stopped in dismay.  Someone was already there, she felt the disappointment rise up into her throat like bile.  She had wanted to spend these last few minutes alone with him, now it was not possible.  The woman kneeling by the grave, because by now it was obvious that the figure was a woman, stood up and straightened her coat, it was Barbara.  Margery hesitated for a moment then putting her disappointment to one side walked resolutely towards her.
‘Hello Barbara.’
Barbara turned round slowly, a slightly bewildered look on her tear stained face.  Margery could see the dark smudges under her eyes and trailing black lines across her cheeks.
‘Hello Margery.’
‘Sorry if I’ve disturbed you.  I just wanted to bring up some flowers before I left.’
‘You’re leaving?’   
‘Yes, my flight’s tomorrow morning.’
‘So soon.’
‘Yes I have a lot of things to sort out in my life now.’
‘I suppose you have.’
She gestured towards the headstone.
‘It’s very nice.  I wondered what you would put on it.’
Margery looked down.  The stonemason had done an excellent job, the blue black granite gleamed in the watery sunlight, its smooth surface a perfect looking glass for the troubled sky.  The inscription was simple, a one line quotation from one of her favourite poets:
“Harvey Wilkinson
1945-2009
It was but yesterday we met in a dream”
‘I’m pleased you approve.  Are those yours?’ she asked pointing to the roses.
‘Yes.  They won’t last I don’t suppose.’
Barbara sat down on the bench and watched as Margery pushed the metal vase into the hard earth, filled it with water and carefully inserted the deep russet chrysanthemums one by one. 
‘What a lovely colour.’
Margery looked up.
‘The flowers, they’re just the colour of my daughter’s hair, well when she was a little girl that is.  It’s more mousey now but you’d never know, she dyes it.  But it’s not the same, not that wonderful, warm flame colour it used to be.’
Margery said nothing, the mention of Sylvia unsettled her.  Barbara took out a damp tissue from her coat pocket and wiped her eyes.  
‘Sorry, it all came as an incredible shock you know.’
She sniffed and put the tissue back in her pocket.  Margery was unsure whether she was referring to Harry’s death or their affair.
‘Yes, it was for all of us.’
She picked up the empty water bottle and sat back.
‘You probably think I’m a very hard woman.  I wanted to cry at his funeral but I couldn’t.  The tears just wouldn’t come.  You must have thought that was a bit odd, his widow standing there dry-eyed,’ Margery said.
Barbara did not reply, so she continued:
‘I was very nervous you know.  I suppose it was seeing all his family there and knowing that they hated me for taking him away from them.’
‘Nobody hates you Margery.’
‘I loved him you know.’
She pulled out a handkerchief and wiped her eyes.
‘But I had already cried all my tears, you see as far as I was concerned Harry died a long time ago, long before he fell into the swimming pool.  By the time I brought his ashes back to England my mourning was over.  I had watched the man I loved destroy himself bit by bit for the last three years.’
Barbara sat silently looking at the gravestone.  Margery looked at her and asked quietly:
‘Did you know that he drank?’
Barbara looked puzzled for a moment then replied:
‘Well Harry always liked a drink, but nothing excessive.  I suppose he was occasionally over the limit when we drove home from a party but then we all did it in those days.’
‘My Harry was like that too at first.  But then after we moved to Spain things began to change.  Maybe it was boredom, maybe guilt.  I don’t know the reason, he never spoke of reasons.  We lived a hectic social life that revolved around meeting for cocktails, going to dinner parties, drinks at the tennis club, eating out and, of course, central to it all was the booze.  Some people can cope with that kind of social scene and manage their alcohol intake but not Harry.  At first it did not seem to be anything out of the ordinary but then when he grew morose and angry, even violent sometimes, I knew something was wrong.’
‘Did he hit you?’ Barbara interrupted.  ‘I would never have called Harry a violent man, never.’
‘No, Harry wasn’t violent, but this monster that he turned into was.  Luckily for me by the time he started to become aggressive he was no longer the fit, strong man he used to be.  Apart from breaking a few plates and glasses he wasn’t able to do much harm.’
She stopped and the two women sat in silence for a while.  She could hear a blackbird singing nearby and in the distance the sound of someone mowing their lawn.
‘It had happened slowly, at first I never noticed anything different although now I have to admit that the signs were always there.  As I said, our life in Spain was very sociable, it was drinks at six, either on the patio with friends or at a neighbour’s house, then there was always wine with the meal: a bottle of cold, fresh white wine with lunch and usually a bottle of Rioja at dinner.’
She paused.
‘I knew we were drinking too much but it was hard to stop because everyone else was doing it.  In the early days there was hardly a night when we were not entertaining or being entertained.  If I asked for a soft drink people regarded me strangely and asked if I was pregnant or slimming.  I began to limit myself to a couple of glasses of wine a day and became very adept at avoiding any top-ups.  Harry on the other hand had an endless capacity, he enjoyed a couple of beers with his friends after a game of tennis, he boasted that he made the best gin and tonics on the coast, he could talk at length about the best wine vintages and the merits of a good Rioja compared to a Ribiera del Duero, he became expansive when explaining the characteristics to look for in a decent sherry and knew all there was to know about vintage port.  I never noticed that his consumption was rising until it was too late.’
‘He always liked a drink,’ Barbara agreed.
‘Yes, but I should have realised where it was leading when he started drinking brandy, at first he would have one after dinner, to help his digestion he said, then one winter when the weather was unusually cold he began to have one with his morning coffee.  This soon became a habit that he couldn’t give up.’
‘Didn’t he get any help?  AA or something?  Do they have Alcoholics Anonymous in Spain?’
‘Oh yes, but Harry wasn’t interested.  He wouldn’t acknowledge that he had a problem.  Even when I pulled out all the empty vodka bottles that he had carefully hidden away and lined them up on the breakfast bar he denied that they were his.  He just walked out, straight down to Antonio’s bar.’
‘What about the doctor?’
‘Alcoholics are not a rarity in Spain, especially along the Costa del Sol and especially amongst the ex-pat community.  I talked to our local doctor about it but all he would say was that it was up to Harry.  Nobody could help Harry but himself.’
‘I can’t believe this.  Tom never mentioned anything.’
‘No, I don’t think Tom realised.  Harry was very careful when Tom came over, he didn’t want him to find out.  But Teddy knew.’
‘Teddy?’
‘He was the only one I could turn to, the only one I could talk to about him.’
‘He never said anything to me.’
‘Well he wouldn’t.  Like me I suppose he felt a bit ashamed of Harry’s drinking.  It’s funny, isn’t it, you can’t help feeling that you are partly to blame.  I know it’s not logical but somehow you think it’s your fault.’
She paused for a minute, thinking back to the days when she had gone to great lengths to avoid her friends in case anyone asked after Harry.
‘You’d be surprised how good I became at inventing excuses, the lies would come tripping off my tongue like honey.’
She laughed bitterly.
‘It was like living a double life.  Now looking back I can see I should have just been open about it: talked to his friends, got people to help us.  Instead we were both in denial.’
‘It must have been hard.’
Barbara’s voice was almost a whisper.
‘So you see,’ Margery continued.  ‘That’s why I find it hard to grieve now.  I feel I should, but it just seems too late.’
‘You shouldn’t blame yourself.’
Margery did not appear to hear her and continued, her voice growing softer and softer:
‘I didn’t need to go out that day you know, I could have been there with Harry.  I got up at eight as usual that morning.  Harry was sleeping at last, he never slept well.  I would often hear him wandering around at three in the morning, talking to himself or watching old movies, he couldn’t rest.’
She dabbed her eyes with a handkerchief.
‘We didn’t sleep in the same room any more.  Sometimes I felt guilty about throwing him out of our bed but the smell of stale alcohol and sweat was more than I could bear.  It was sad to see him relegated to that small space, bare of personal effects save the picture of Sylvia on her wedding day.’
She looked at Barbara and smiled.
‘You wouldn’t believe how pleased he had been when Tom arrived with it.’
Barbara smiled sadly.
‘When he got up he came out onto the terrace and said he wanted to talk to me, he wanted me to listen to him and believe him because he was going to change.  But I didn’t believe him, I couldn’t, I’d heard it all before.  I went out shopping instead.  As usual as soon as I was away from him I softened, I began to think that maybe things could change.  By the time I returned home I was calmer and I had decided that at least I would give him the opportunity to talk about our future.  Maybe I would even be able to persuade him to go to AA.
There was no sound from the house when I opened the door.  I called Harry’s name but there was no reply, he was not in the lounge but the French windows were open so I stepped out onto the terrace.  That’s when I saw him.
He was floating there, so peaceful.  I don’t know how long he’d been there, one minute, two minutes, ten minutes.  I stood for ages just looking at him.  It was all so unreal.  I suppose I should have jumped in and pulled him out but I didn’t.  I didn’t even think about it.  I just kept looking at him, thinking now it’s finally over, now he’s free.’
She stopped and in the silence she could hear the blackbird again.
‘So then what happened?’
The sound of Barbara’s voice brought her back to the present.
‘The telephone rang.  I think it was Jenny, I don’t really remember.  Then I seemed to wake up and realised I had better telephone the police.’
‘Do you, do you think it could have been suicide?’ Barbara asked, her voice trembling slightly.
‘I don’t know.  It’s possible but I don’t really think so.  I think he just tripped and was probably too drunk to save himself.’
‘How awful.  Poor Harry.  Did they do a post mortem?’
‘No, the police couldn’t be bothered.  For them it was just another case of a drunken foreigner suffering a tragic accident.  They were very nice, quite considerate really, but after the doctor examined the body and said that Harry had obviously been drinking rather heavily, they weren’t interested.  The doctor made out the death certificate with cause of death as “accidental drowning”, signed it and that was that.’
‘Is that why you left it for a year before you brought his ashes back?’
‘I suppose so.  I felt in a state of limbo, unable to grieve and unable to move forward.’
‘And now?’
‘Now I’ll have to get on with my life.  After all I have no family to worry about, we were never lucky enough to have any children.’
She saw Barbara look away.
‘Teddy told me about your children,’ she said.
‘The children?’
‘His children,’ Margery continued.  ‘That was very clever of you.’
She could see Barbara look at her to see if she was being sarcastic.
‘Why did he tell you?  That’s not like Teddy at all.’
‘I asked him.  I knew Harry was impotent, I’d had some tests done without him knowing.’
She saw the horror in Barbara’s eyes.
‘I know, I’m not proud of what I did but I was desperate to know why I couldn’t conceive and Harry would not discuss it.  He had Klinefelter’s Syndrome, it’s a genetic condition that leaves most men impotent.’
‘But Teddy?’
‘Apparently Teddy didn’t have it.’
‘Did he know about it?’
‘Yes, he and his mother knew, and Harry of course.’
‘And nobody told me.  Why didn’t Harry tell me?  We could have worked something out if I’d known.’
‘But then you wouldn’t have Tom and Sylvia, would you.’
‘So many lies.  You think you know someone,’ Barbara continued.  ‘But you don’t.  I don’t think we ever know anyone, not really know them.  I thought I knew Harry.  We had been together for such a long time, since we were teenagers, but I didn’t really know him at all.’
‘If it’s any consolation he kept his secret hidden from me as well.’
‘Are you going to tell them?’
‘Tom and Sylvia?  No of course not, what good would that do?’
‘But the house?’
‘He left it to them.’
‘Do you think he knew they were not his children?’ Barbara asked.
‘If he did, he never said anything.’
‘Would you like me to talk to Sylvia about the house?  I could ask her to delay the sale for a couple of years.  At least until you know what your plans are.’
Margery looked at Barbara in surprise, the simple look of concern on her face made it obvious that her offer was sincere.
‘Thank you but no.  It’s time to move on.  I’ll go back and settle up my affairs then I’m moving back to England.’
‘Back here?’
‘Well I don’t know about here, maybe back to London.  I’m not old enough to give up yet.  It’s time I moved into stage three of my life.’
‘Well I wish you luck Margery.’
‘Thank you and you too, Barbara.’
She placed her hand on top of Barbara’s and said:
‘I’m sorry if we hurt you.  I really am.’
Barbara said nothing.
‘I’d better be going.  Teddy’s promised to cook me his special “chicken a la mode”, whatever that is,’ Margery added.
Both women stood up, facing each other.
‘Good luck Barbara.’
‘Thanks.  Have a good life Margery.’
Margery stood up and brushed the grass from her skirt, she looked briefly at the grave with its fresh flowers then turned and walked away.  She did not look back but she knew Barbara had not moved.  The rain had started again, she could hear its soft drumming on the umbrella. 




This book is available in print at most on-line retailers
Discover other titles by Joan Fallon at Smashwords.com:
SANTIAGO TALES
The House on the Beach

Connect with me online at: 
http:// www.joanfallon.co.uk
http://twitter.com/joan_fallon
http://twitter.com/notesonspain

