



BACK IN THE SADDLE
(Jessica Brodie Diaries: Book 1)



by K.F. Breene




Website: http://kfbreene.com/
Blog: www.kfbreene.org
Facebook: www.facebook.com/authorKF
Twitter: @KFBreene


Revision October, 2013
Smashwords edition May 2013
Copyright © 2013 by K.F. Breene




Other Titles by K.F. Breene

Skyline Series (Contemporary Romance)
Building Trouble, Book 1
Uneven Foundation, Book 2
Solid Ground, Book 3

Jessica Brodie Diaries (Contemporary Romance)
Back in the Saddle, Book 1 – FREE
Hanging On, Book 2
A Wild Ride, Book 3

Growing Pains (Contemporary Romance)
Lost and Found, Book 1 - FREE
Overcoming Fear, Book 2
Butterflies in Honey, Book 3

Darkness Series (Paranormal Romance)
Into the Darkness, Novella 1
Braving the Elements, Novella 2
On a Razor’s Edge, Novella 3
Demons, Novella 4


BACK IN THE SADDLE




Chapter One



I came to consciousness slowly, greeted by a pounding head. I moaned and palmed my forehead, trying to keep my brain in the casing of my skull. Why, oh why did I drink tequila last night? I had said no shots! I had stuffed my finger in each of the girls’ faces, and told them, point blank, that I was way too crazy these days, and I needed to calm down. Then informed them, in a stern voice a mother might use, that the days of shots were over. Period. 
I am an idiot. 
When the girls were in a mood to party, the “no shot” rule was as useless as a chocolate kettle. Telling them no just made them more determined. They didn’t need the life-altering change that I did. Apparently.
I opened my bleary, makeup-crusted eyes and let my head fall to the left, looking for my clock. Then I froze. 
Why was there a strange glass sculpture of a bug-eyed monkey instead of my cheap, plastic alarm clock? And how did someone get away with making a glass sculpture that ugly without undergoing a business-closing law suit?
Through the fog of hangover, I sensed a presence behind me. 
What the—? 
I turned my wooden head and found a person whose face was angled away toward the pillow. His buzz cut could’ve possibly been a flat top, but I couldn’t quite see the top of his head. My eyes scanned lower. From what I could see, and being that the sheets were around our ankles, I saw plenty, he was head-to-toe muscular. Not only that, but each muscle was fantastically defined. Really nice body, actually. He obviously put time and effort into himself.
I wracked my cotton-crusted mind for old boyfriends with bodies as good as his. Even though I hadn’t had a lot of good fortune with boyfriends, I held on to the hope that beneath their “bad boy,” brash exterior they were sweet and gushy, like a chocolate lava cake. The only problem was that even though I lived in L.A., the land of wannabe actors and models, there were only a couple ex-boyfriends who could match a body like this man’s, and those guys had been slightly … egotistical.
So either I was lying next to Fabio, or a stranger.
No way. As a lifelong rule, I did not go home with strangers. I knew a lot of girls in college that would call me prudish, but one-night stands just didn’t do it for me. What was the point? The guys were only about themselves and the next morning was torture. No thanks.
My mind snapped back to the present. I had to have a good reason for this. And that reason couldn’t have been bent on the life change I so badly needed from this crazy college life I’d lived for nearly five years. 
College has aged me prematurely, I thought as I sat up.
My head swirled in hangover as my eyes darted around the room. Time to get cracking.
 First I probably needed to wake up this guy, who I definitely knew but just couldn’t see clearly, and then…
No, first I needed clothes. I wasn’t about to have a lovely morning chat with a stellar bodied guy while I sat here sporting a few, shall we say, creases in my stomach.

My eyes locked on the sheet at our feet. I eased myself up, clutched the coarse fabric in two fistfuls and pulled. It came free from his legs and slid nicely over our bodies. I tugged a little more until I removed it from the bed so I could use it as a shield, and got up. 
I tiptoed to the other side of the bed and found my things in a neat pile on a chair. My brow creased. When did I ever fold my clothes? Rare. 
Aware of my flabby parts that I absolutely didn’t want seen in bright morning sunlight, I darted in like a wild animal scavenging the plains before a predator could find and kill it. Underwear, on. Bra, yes, straps…on. Nice! 
A movement behind me told me the man was waking up. Oh crap, hurry, hurry!
Pants on, now need shirt …
“Oh, hey, you’re awake.” I heard him speak.
 I jumped about a foot, pointing at him for no reason. Then sucked in a breath. The guy was good-looking. He was edging up to quite handsome, actually, but …
I did not know him! I’d picked up a stranger. Since when did I pick up strangers? Yes, fine, he was attractive, which was probably the reason the girls let me go home with him—amid cackles, probably—but what if he was a serial killer? What if there were bodies under his bed?
 “Oh hey. Sorry, but I really need to get going!” I squished my boobs into my shirt and snatched my shoes from against the wall. 
He stretched and reached for a small, bronze object, lit it, and then sucked on the end of it for all he was worth. He blew out a sweet-smelling plume of smoke in my direction with a smile. It definitely wasn’t tobacco.
With a knowing smile, he nodded. “I’ll walk you out.”
“Oh, sure.”
He got up from the bed and slipped muscular thighs into loose sweats. My Lord the guy had a nice body. I couldn’t help thinking, What the hell is he doing with me?
I turned abruptly, like the head case I was, and swung the door open. All I could do was walk out of the room as if I’d contracted a viral infection of the zombie variety, lurching limbs and all. I couldn’t make this more awkward if I tried. My special gift to society.
Outside, on the sidewalk to his apartment complex, he loitered shirtless and in bare feet. He flashed me a smile showing straight, white teeth. “Alright, well, see ya.”
I gawked for a minute. He didn’t ask for my number. While I didn’t like my decision from the night before, I had expected an exchange of numbers, at least. He seemed normal enough, and confident enough in himself, that he might be fun to get to know. The weed smoking might be a problem, but I hadn’t intended to rush that decision too quickly—ever the optimist. But it became clear that, to him, this was, indeed, just a one-night stand.
My insides shriveled as I dug through my purse for keys. 
“Alright, well, uh see ya, I guess.” 
He nodded, watching me walk away.
I slunk into my car and just sat for a minute. I wished I was one of those girls who could be totally unaffected by this. A girl who took this in stride.
Shaking my head, I started the car.

***

I shared a two-bedroom apartment with Ami, Mother Theresa reincarnated. Ami didn’t drink, didn’t smoke, got A’s in school, had a good body, and she was pretty. Basically, a mother’s wet dream. My mother’s wet dream, actually.
You couldn’t not like her, though. She was the sweetest person you could ever meet, always putting everyone else first. We weren’t friends—her mother would probably throw me out for corrupting her daughter—but I hung out and chatted with her in times of idleness. 
This was not one of those times.
“Where were you last night?” 
I slowly turned to face the interrogation head-on. She never bought my hangover cover-up stories, but here’s hopin’.
 “I was with a friend …” 
 “Oh, I see.”
“His house was closer to the bar.” I winced.
“The bar?” Her eyes flared as she glanced down to my clothes. 
“His house?” she continued excitedly. “Oh! Is this a new boyfriend?”
“No.” He made that quite clear. “Just a friend. From school. No big deal." 
“Oh. That’s nice! How long have you known him?”
“A while. It’s no big deal. So …” I half-turned, indicating that my unraveling had nothing to do with her questions.
“How exciting!” 
I attempted a nonchalant hair flick, but with so much residual hairspray tangling un-brushed hair, my fingers got snared. I yanked my hand away, painfully ripping a few strands of hair with it, and tried for an all-knowing smile to hide the hot mess standing here in my body. 
“Well, not really. It was kind of a dull night.” To throw her off my scent, I turned the conversation back to her. “So you were out with Gary? How did that go?”
“Gary is so funny.” She got a faraway look in her eyes. “He took me to the cutest little bistro, I swear. He really has great taste in restaurants and he’s sooo romantic!”
I threw a friendly grin at her and took another subtle step away, aiming directly for the shower. “So are you officially dating?” 
Her brow furrowed slightly. "I think we are close," she said, with a noticeable hitch in her words. She looked like she was two seconds away from asking if I was all right, so I took another step back. 
I hated that question, mostly because these days I never really was okay. I wanted a normal life. I wanted to find a nice guy who I could talk and laugh with—one that didn’t want to play the field and survey his options. I wanted someone constant to wake up next to and share my breakfast.  
She must have noticed how distant I was, because she continued. "I think we’re close, I really do. And my mother approves of him wholly, which is a good sign. My mom says he’s from good stock,” she laughed.  
 “Oh, well, that is good! Excellent.” My face was starting to crack under the strain of smiling. I was close to the bathroom now, not above stripping then and there just to move things along. 
“So, how long have you known this friend of yours? The one you stayed with last night? Any potential?” She stepped after me, still hopeful. She knew my goals, and in her sweet way, wanted to help.
 “Him? No. Don’t think so.”
“Oh.” She pouted. “Well, the right one is out there. You’ll find him, I know you will!”
I sighed. I felt like I was ten cats away from retiring alone.
“So, I better head off to the shower. Great talking to you." I slipped away to bubbly nods and requests to join her after for some coffee.
What a crappy morning. Thank God I didn’t have the attention span to let life continue kicking me when I was down. That’s what credit cards and shopping therapy were for!


That evening I met up with my girlfriends for our weekly dinner. The idea was to meet at a new hotspot in L.A. every week, drink fancy drinks, dress in designer clothes, and feel fabulous. Being that we were all still in college, we were poor and had few material things with a name anyone knew, we didn’t live up to that aspiration often. In our heads we did though, and that was truly all that mattered, at least to us.
After I entered the dimly lit, slightly dingy restaurant, I heard a perfectly tuned chorus of cackles. It sounded like the girls were already here. Sure enough, in the back, and sitting around a big table, were the dearest four girlfriends a gal could ever have. All different, all extraordinary, they were my chosen family. Nothing happened that I didn’t share with them, and vice-versa.
That’s why this dinner was about to truly suck. I had finally made up my mind, and tonight I would be breaking the news of my eventual departure from this city, from my lifetime home. It was time to grow up.
“Hey, girl!” Flem shouted, waving her hand. Her real name was Clementine, and most often went by the nickname Clem. Which we then, in a moment of hilarity that no one outside of our group shared, or even understood, changed to Flem. 
I ignored the outstretched menu of the server slash-host and zigzagged through the mostly empty tables.
“Hey, Jess,” Jane said, looking up. 
“Jane, is that a textbook in your bag?” I asked with a pronounced eye roll.
 “I have a test in a few weeks. I keep going over some of the things I need to remember, and then realize it isn’t in my head where it should be.”
“So you brought your textbook to dinner?”
“Something might come up. I keep going over stuff in my head and want quick answers.”
“You’re the dumbest smart person I know," I laughed as I sat down. 
On the opposite side of the table sat Lump, who would probably punch you in the head if you called her by her real name, Betsy. 
I sat down to a confusing menu with half Chinese and half Japanese food. WTF?
Flem looked up at me, “What’s up, girrrrl?” 
“Hello ladies. How’s life?” I answered to the group.
I was met with smirks. Oh joy. Judging by the anticipation on everyone’s faces, I could tell I only remembered half of last night’s excursion.
“Where’s Claire?” I asked the table.
“She’s probably afraid to show her face after picking this place. She doesn’t even eat seafood and that’s what’s in half the menu,” Jane intoned. 
“Here,” Lump handed the wine in my direction, “have some wine.”
“No way! No alcohol. My liver needs to re-calibrate!”
There was a chorus of laughing and “Shut ups!” Flem immediately reached for the bottle and glass at the same time.
As I was about to protest for the second time, the door swung open, emitting a loud, “Feck!”
Claire stood in the doorway, juggling cigarettes, a lighter, and her handbag while bending over a shoe. After she shooed two waiters away and started laughing, she saw our table and headed over.
“I picked this arse hole, I did?” She threw her bag down at her feet.
“I don’t know what she just said, but she sounds pissed,” Lump said with a smirk.
“She’s from Ireland, they’re always pissed!” I laughed.
Jane handed Claire a menu without saying a word.
 “It is mostly seafood. Load of bollocks, this menu. Ah well.” Claire put the menu down and looked at all of us. “Well. How are ye now?”
All eyes on me.
Then it started.
“So...” Claire began, putting down her wine glass and looking at me. “You found a Prince Charming last night, did ye?”
“Yeah, girl.” Flem leaned in toward me as she asked, “What happened there? We leave you for one minute and you sneak away with Mr. Handsome, huh? You went with him, right?”
I figured they knew.
“Come on, Jess. We won’t judge,” Jane said with an encouraging smile.
Laughing, Lump said, “I will so judge you, and then point and laugh! But I will at least wait until you’re done telling your story.”
“Oh, well, in that case…” 
“When are you going to see him again?” Flem asked with a gleam in her eyes.
I scratched my nose to stall while my insides shriveled. “He, ah…smokes weed, so I probably won’t.”
“Everyone smokes weed in this state, darling. It’s all but legal. Get over yourself!” Lump laughed.
I shrugged, uncomfortable.
These girls knew me too well. We’d been side-by-side for years, all through college, and in the case of Lump, even before that. We shared our feelings, our joys, and like now, our pain. I didn’t have to say it; they’d all been there, too. One by one, their faces fell. 
“Feck ‘im! Aggravatin’ bastard!” Clare shouted, reaching for her wine.
“Yeah, too pretty boy, anyway. Probably dumb as rocks!” Flem threw in.
I nodded, sinking into the support of my friends.
 “All I’m saying is, I am way too old for this.” I looked for the waiter and more wine before I went on. It was time to break the news. It was time for that new life. It wasn’t just an idle thought, either. I was hoping that relocation might help sort me out. It might help shake things up so I could make a change. 
“Which brings me to …Well, I have some news.”
The table went quiet. Eyes dropped to the table, except for Lump, who was staring at me. That was never a good sign.
“You know I’ve been applying to lots of jobs, right? Well I applied to jobs all across the country,” I paused to take a sip, trying to cure my suddenly dry throat. “I got one, and it’s in Texas. I got a house, too, and I’m… ah … moving.”
“Yeah, Jane already told us,” Flem said with eyebrows shelving her eyes like a cartoon character. “And you’re headed to a dumb fucking place, you know that?”
“Is that because you were born and raised in Arkansas?” Lump smirked, still staring at me despite the fact that she was talking to Flem. Men quailed in that look. She had the might and know-how to do some serious damage. Had since she was young. Her father was a martial arts expert, her oldest brother a master. She got beat on until she followed in her dad’s footsteps. She was slow to temper, but if she did ever get riled up, get out of the way.
It was the least of my concerns at the moment since she wouldn't beat me up in a public place, or at least I hoped.
"What do you mean Jane told you?” I turned to a somber Jane. “How’d you know?”
She shrugged. “You were being secretive. I hacked into your email.”
“You—what the—how do you know how to hack into stuff? You’re a freaking lit major!”
Jane shrugged again. “One of my boyfriends was a hacker. I paid attention.”
“Well … aside from the fact that that is a huge invasion of privacy—“
“We could care less,” Lump interjected. 
“—you’re right. I just… I don’t know. I need to start over. I need to move on. I am in a serious rut here, and it scares me.”
Claire nodded. “Well, while we're talkin’ about it, I’m headin’ on, too. Goin’ ta Australia.”
“What?” Flem shouted, ripping her eyes from the table to stare at Claire. “Since when?”
“Well, now, I figure that since Jess here is goin’, I might as well, too. Always wanted to go.”
“But you can’t get back in,” Jane said reasonably.
“What does that mean, she can’t get back in?” Lump’s beautiful face took on a scowl as she swiveled her eye away from mine. Finally.
“She was allowed three months with her work visa,” Jane explained. Claire had lost interest again. “She was supposed to go back. She didn’t, so now, if she leaves, she’ll get a ten-year-ban.”
“Ban from what?” Flem asked.
“Entering the States. You aren’t supposed to stay after the three months.”
“Yeah, but… don’t you have a bank account, Claire?” I asked.
She nodded. “Driver’s license, too. And I can still use my Social Security number. But I’m still illegal.” She shrugged, unconcerned.
“Well, then, you aren’t coming back?” Flem asked, aghast.
“Ah sure, I’ll just sneak out through Mexico.” 
“If she doesn’t get a leaving passport stamp,” Jane explained, “she can reenter like she’d left on time. Usually.”
Everyone looked dumbfounded. Then immediately got over it. It happened, so we might as well just embrace it.
“So, we’re breaking up. Officially,” Lump said, looking at me again. Her hostile look was covering the pain.
“I’m sad,” Flem muttered. “Let’s get drunk.”
“Just as long as I go home alone,” I retorted.



Chapter Two



June came and went with a flurry of excitement. School was done, grades were posted, and I was given a green light for the job in Austin, Texas. Given that I wanted to move away from endless people and traffic, I compensated by renting a small cottage in Tartin Creek, Texas, which was about ten miles away from the office. When Flem heard, she gave me a strange look, and asked how I would afford it.
“By working,” I answered like I thought she was dense. “I’ll be making three times the cost of rent. About.”
“Tartin Creek. You’re sure?”
“Flem, I am holding a beer, not my rental agreement. I can’t very well double check at the moment, but yeah, that’s what I remember.”
She’d shaken her head and muttered that I must be mistaken.
I wasn’t. It would be my new home!
The morning of the big move I stood back and surveyed my ancient Honda stuffed to the limits with everything I owned. Butterflies ran amok through my ribcage as I headed back in for my last farewell--Ami.
The girls, who I already missed even though I wasn't even outside city limits yet, had given me a huge send-off in style a few nights before. My hangover still lingered. 
I held out my keys for an uncharacteristically sad-faced Ami. 
“Well, this is it,” I said as I dropped the keys into her palm. 
Ami nodded and looked down at her hand. 
“Uh, well, hug?” I asked uncertainly, trying not to dig my hands in my pocket. 
 “Jessica, listen,” Ami said miserably, still looking at the dull keys resting in her palm, “I wanted you to know how much I enjoyed living with you. I only wish you would’ve been home more so we could’ve hung out. You are a very special person, and even though we are in no way similar, I really feel close to you.”
Here she paused, having shocked me mute. A tear rolled down her cheek before she shrugged and continued, “I didn’t really need a roommate. I brought you in because I saw you looking for a room on the room board one day at school. I was intrigued. I wanted, and still want, to reach out and help you. My mom called it charity." Ami rolled her eyes at that apparently preposterous thought. "That's why she agreed to you moving in. But I want you to know it wasn’t charity.”
Ami’s eyes were solemn and round. Feeling the expectation of the moment, but also the reminder of the absolute douche I’d always been around her, I was at a loss. I settled for, “Oh.”
“I really think we could have had a good friendship if I had been more open,” Ami continued, trying to find middle ground. “I'm a hard person to get to know because I am so shy, but I wish I had tried harder. Anyway, what I really want to say is,” she wiped her damp face, “I hope you keep my number and email address and give me a call now and again.”
I stood staring with an open mouth. “Sorry Ami. I ... I honestly had no idea. I thought you just needed a roomie and were putting up with me because of my off-kilter lifestyle. You know, for entertainment purposes for you and your mom.”
She smiled through her tears. “Well, you sure are entertaining. It wouldn’t be so fun to keep track of you if you didn’t feel abashed for all the things gone wrong. I mean, I can see in your face when you get embarrassed. Morbid curiosity drove me some of the time, I must admit.”
Flustered and crying, Ami pulled something out of her pocket. “I wanted to give you something to remember me by.”
She handed me a box with a little red bow. I opened it in confusion, and then froze.
“Ami! You can’t possibly-- No way can I-- I can’t accept this!”
“Yes, you can.”
“No way. No, I can’t.”
“Yup, you can.” She turned me around, swept my hair away, and fastened the most exquisite ruby and diamond necklace that I’d ever seen around my neck. Well, seen on me at any rate. I’d complimented her on it dozens of times, and even borrowed it once for a date with an a-hole who didn’t deserve me, but I'd never owned something as nice as this.
“Ami, this is too much. I mean, a man has never given me a present as beautiful as this!”
“If you ever dated anyone worthy of you they might.”
My eyes stung with unshed tears. I fanned my face, and gave her a tight hug. 
“Well,” Ami said, stepping away and wiping her face again, “you need to get going.”
I mutely nodded, not trusting my voice, and looked around. This was it. I was leaving my home of the last five years, my city, my new friend, and all my old friends. It was time to change my life around, starting with getting into the car.
Gulp.


My ass fell asleep numerous times. My butt-sweat bled into the ripped canvas of the driver’s seat. My vocal cords were hoarse from singing at the top of my lungs for hours straight. It was a long trip, made longer with the lack of changing landscape in the desert. At one point I literally pointed out a rock: "Oh, look, a rock! Look how big the rock is! There it goes, a gray rock among all this brown."
Later on I saw another cool sight. "Oh, look, a cactus! Wow, brownish green, like my eyes. Cool."
New Mexico... now there’s a reason to speed. 
Three dog years later, I nearly cried when I saw Tartin Creek, 1 Mile. I put down my hastily made noose and sped to the turn-off. I was almost there!
A couple turns and a million street signs later, I left the traveler’s world and entered …
“Holy hell—“ 
Tartin Creek.
Houses loomed and sprawled, pushed back from the carefully tended street devoid of even one pothole. I didn’t see one piece of trash. Whereas the trip was a tableau of brown, this town was one of green. Yards of grass covered front yards, decorated with plants, flowers, and trees. More than one yard had a tire swing gently swaying in the afternoon breeze. Any cars in sight were luxury models. Any people were well dressed. Flem was right, this place had money.
What the hell am I doing here?
After a double check to my directions, I finally pulled up in front of one of the massive residences that made up the norm of this town. The grounds were expansive and green, reaching to both my left and right as I parked at the curb in front of the walkway. The landscaping was immaculate, with trimmed bushes, gently swaying trees, and flowers in beds of soft dirt completely devoid of weeds. The house stood tall, intimidating in size even though it was so far removed from the quiet street it should've been smaller. The décor of soft tan and white window lattices gave the structure a refined look. The money here wasn't splashed around and thrown in your face, like so many celebrity residences I’d seen. It was subtle. Sophisticated. Like people who’d been rich all their lives. Here, money was a default setting. It would never run out, at least not in their lifetime.
It took me about fifteen minutes to get out of the car. I just sat there, staring. I had grease stains on my shirt. Neither my hair nor teeth had been brushed in two days, unless you count running your fingers through your hair and a quick Listerine gargle at a rest area somewhere in the middle of nowhere. My entire outfit was wrinkled, stained, and smelled musty like my car.  
In this community, one of these things did not belong. Spoiler alert…me! 
I pushed open the door slowly and climbed out. Dusting potato chip crumbs from my pants, I trudged up the walkway with a slightly ducked head. A neighbor I saw looking out the window was probably muttering, “There goes the neighborhood.”
Rental agreement clutched in my hand like a shield, I gingerly rang the faintly lit, plastic doorbell.
 “Why, hello there young lady.” 
I spun around, losing the spit in my mouth down my chin, nearly wondering if someone was going to laugh at me and yell, “Gotcha!”
An old lady was standing just off of the stoop wearing a kind smile. Her white hair was pulled back from her smooth, unwrinkled face and hidden beneath a yellow sun hat with a large brim. Though slightly hunched with old age, she still showed traces of her once regal bearing. 
“Um, hi--” I stammered stupidly, scrubbing at my face. A chip flaked off and fell to the ground.
“A young lady should never say ‘um’, it makes her seem dense. And you don’t seem dense to me.” She smiled in a playful sort of way, no doubt intending that “advice” to go down easier. 
I was not impressed. Intimidated, yes. Absolutely.
“I’m Jessica, to rent, the uh ... the cottage? I might have the wrong place…” 
I scanned the property as if a veil would lift and reveal the mediocre dwelling in which I belonged.
“Oh Jessica, darlin’. Yes, of course. I figured that was the way of it when I saw ya. I’m Gladis,” she said in an affluent Southern drawl. She stepped past me toward the house. “You don’t look like you brought much with ya?”
“Oh, well, no. I don’t really have much so I thought I would head to Ikea.”
“Of course. A fresh start. And you’re from California?”
“Yes.”
She smiled, her eyes slightly crinkling in the corner. She’d absolutely had work done to her appearance by expert, and extremely expensive, plastic surgeons. Her face was nearly ageless. Her neck, however…
 “Well, then, let me show you your new home."
She let me through the front door... and into a modern museum. The oval entryway could have been its own room with vast high ceilings and a pillar to each side. A large hall led away into the house and through the middle of a double stair case leading to the second level. Everything was marble, stone, and wood. An impressively large chandelier loomed above us, threatening to fall with the weight of the sparkling crystal. 
I stepped to the side just in case today was the day for spooky mishaps.
We climbed the stairwell and then turned right, into the large hallway. Since she was older, she didn’t have it in high gear, which gave me a chance to check out the well-lit and elegantly decorated rooms.  As one would expect of a guest room, most were devoid of personal effects, but to make up for that lack, there were art and tiny decorative items that made a person feel more at home. As we walked, we passed a billiards room, which would have made me gasp in wonder if we hadn’t shortly thereafter passed a personal movie theater! 
She turned into one of the rooms on the left, which turned out to be the biggest bedroom I had ever entered. Ever. With the biggest, most extreme four-poster piece of furniture she called a bed. 
Gladis stopped near the window.  “Have a look.”
She must have missed my bug-eyed entrance, because I’d been doing nothing but looking. And fawning. And drooling. And feeling more than a little out of place.
Still, she stood with hands loosely clasped in front of her, eyebrows raised, expectant. Like a mime, I elaborately scanned everything a second time. I was an actor once, after all, I could get a point across.
Her continued silence meant an answer was expected.
“Uh...I mean, it is very nice. Big. I thought, um--” I winced with that last um and lost my focus as heat rose to my cheeks. How did one bring up false advertisement to their landlady?
Gladis’ eyes twinkled. “No, honey, not this room.” 
She beckoned me closer to the window.
I went thither, as one does when they are awkwardly standing in a giant room, in which they don’t belong, looking for some answers but too afraid to ask, and followed her gaze to the ground below. 
A surge of excited adrenaline coursed through my chest. 
There it was. My cottage. I fell in love immediately. It was actually more of a pool house than a cottage, and I was happier for it. From the window, it looked like a decent size, pushed back from the pool a respectable distance, with its own little cropping of trees and landscaped back yard behind it. It was perfect.
“I like to show the cottage from this vantage point," Gladis said in a hush, which strangely fit the situation perfectly. “It is a little more dramatic this way. Either you love it or you hate it, and this view brings out that emotion best. All the kids in my family hate it, which is why they aren’t invited over more than once a year.” She scrutinized my face. “But I can see that you love it.”
I had been staring at it like a kid stares in a candy shop window. All I could do was nod quickly.
“I love it, too," she said with a smile, turning back to the window. “Every time me and the mister got in a tiff, I would hike up my skirts and head out to the cottage for a few days of peace and quiet. Now that the mister has passed on,” she crossed herself, “I just don’t go out there much anymore. I thought it might be time to have a student or new graduate make her way in the world, starting from my favorite place!”
I finally turned toward her. She was clasping her hands in front of her, looking at me as if through a time machine. 
 “Do you believe in fate, Jessica?”
 I blinked uncertainly. “I’ve never really thought about it, actually.” 
“Yes, young people not looking for Prince Charming seldom do, do they? Let me tell you, Jessica. When I put that ad in the paper, I was praying to God the person who answered my ad would be starting a journey, like I once did. She, or he, would be taking her first independent steps in life, with nothing but hope and a dream on her shoulders. 
“Well, Jessica, I received a lot of responses, many of which could have fit that description to some degree, but only one piqued my interest. A girl from California, just out of college, making a giant leap of faith. I knew right then God must’ve heard me, and intertwined our paths for a reason. Now, was I right?”
Not exactly, no. But I wasn’t planning on revealing that little nugget. I wanted that cottage, and I was prepared to fabricate to get it.
“A fresh start in a distant place is exactly what I am looking for. This is just one of the places I was looking into; Texas I mean. I got a job, so I found the ad and applied.”
“You see? God was listening. I am heading to the end of my days, and I desperately needed to give back. Charity is great, and feels great, but I wanted to give on a personal level as well." 
Ordinarily I would be irritated that I was her Petri dish. Or that she was under the impression I needed charity. But with a sweet little setup like that cottage below, in a price range that wouldn’t hurt my pocketbook too much, I’d be her Oliver any day. Hell, put a red wig on me and throw some coins at my feet, I’m in.
Her smile widened in a good-natured way. “Okay, darlin’, let’s go have a look! 
We walked out the way we came. Big rooms, long hallway, grand staircase. We went out through the front door. We walked around the north side of the house to a little stone path. A large wooden gate with spikes on the top barred our way until she tapped in a code. 
“The access number is already written down and placed in the cottage for your convenience," she said as she continued along the path. “You’ll be safe from your admirers here.” 
Yeah, like I had any of those.
Across the gate and through the woods, Little Red Riding Hood followed her filthy rich and slightly eccentric Godmother. We crossed a large patch of perfectly manicured lawn with various well positioned flower beds. As we neared the cottage, we walked by a BBQ station with a giant grill, counters, a small fridge, patio tables and chairs, and a fire pit. I could throw one hell of a garden party on this lawn.
If I could find some friends to do it with.
Beyond that was an Olympic-sized pool. At the far side it had a stone wall with ivy and a waterfall that appeared to double as a slide. And I would absolutely make use of that slide. I was still a kid where pool play was concerned!
The closer we got to the cottage, the harder my heart thumped. It was like I was going on a date with the hottest guy in eternity. I had to wipe my palms on my jeans, knocking off a few chip flecks as I did so.
She opened the front door and handed me a key. Then stared, again expectantly.
Into my dumbfounded stare, she said, "Well? This is your new home. Take the keys, enter, and give me a tour.”
She was cracked. Give her a tour to a place I had never been before? Oh, okay. So, you want to watch me wander around blindly, do you? I’ll bite.
The entryway was spacious, with high ceilings and a marble floor. It had a staircase off to the right. Instead of following it, I went through one of the doors on the left. That led me to a living room, also with ample space, centered around a sweet little fireplace. The furniture was ornate and stately, the leather hiding that it was slightly out of date.
I continued through an archway into a dining room big enough to seat six people. The room had a china cabinet filled with fine China and crystal. I almost instructed her to take those away, since I wasn’t adult enough to be in the vicinity of such items. What if I sleep walked one night and sold them all on eBay?
I continued on, my tour totally forgotten. This place seemed like home. I fit here. As odd as that sounded with me never, ever having this sort of finery around me, I fit. I found my niche, and I was going to stay here as long as I could. I loved it.
After my self-tour was concluded, and I realized I’d left Gladis somewhere behind, I backtracked through the house and down to the living room. There she was, sitting on the couch, gazing out the window with a dreamy smile. She looked up as I came in. 
“Well?” she asked. “How do you like it?”
I could feel my face alight with glee. "I love it! Love it!"
She got up slowly, as old women do, and gestured toward the sliding glass door. I followed her out to a patio overlooking the slightly distant pool. It was some minutes before she spoke, her southern drawl coming out tenfold.
“I designed this lil’ old house. Pool house, my husband called it. I always thought of it as my retreat. Back in those days, it was not uncommon for the woman of the house and the man of the house to have separate bedrooms. Well, I had a separate house of my own when I wanted it. 
“It was the man’s way back then.” She gave me a look that showed what she thought of that foolishness. I agreed. A grand mess, altogether. 
“The man was the boss," she continued, "the ruler of the house. He brought home the money, and cash was king. Before women’s lib and all that, the men paid the bills, and the women stayed home with the children.”
She chuckled and patted my arm. “Well, you try telling a southern lady, born and bred, that she has to answer to her man, and she will kindly smile at you and go on doing as she pleases. Now, don’t take me the wrong way. We did step aside for our men as often as not. But we weren’t ruled. Oh no. No way.”
She paused for a beat and looked me over, the sun sinking behind her into the horizon. “You might wonder why I am telling you all this.”
Yes ... I certainly did. But she had a way of talking. Her southern drawl fascinated me. It was its own music, and I couldn’t help but listen to the slow flow of it. 
Into my polite shrug, she went on. “This house was my sanctuary when that man of mine tried to assert his law. And he did, often enough. I caught him with other women, we had fights like any married couple, and there were times I wanted to slit my wrists just to get out of his house!”
Hel-lo. Didn’t see that coming ...
She was chuckling to herself, probably reading my face if not my mind. “Not that I would, dear. No. But it was a time of no escape for women. You young women have so many options now. So much freedom. So many luxuries. This cottage, this pool house, was my sanctuary. It was the only place I could be myself. I wanted to rent it out to a free spirit who could make use of it like I always wanted to." 
The twinkle in her eyes said I was the free spirit to which she was referring. I didn't bother to correct her. Some people's free spirit was everyone else's hot mess. Ami found that out the hard way.
“I want you to have people over." Gladis continued with a wave of her hand. "Decorate how you want to. Go skinny dipping. Have plenty of men over to share your bed. Do whatever you want to. Just treat it with respect. Treat it like your own, dear. That’s all I ask.”
Despite the fact that a woman my grandmother's age just told me to sleep around, I was touched. She was offering me a home. A life. A place to put down roots, if I wanted. 
I smiled like a fool. 
"I will have friends over, if I can find any, ha! And, you know, take care of it, obviously. Did you, um--" I winced with the word slip up. "Should I get some furniture? I was going to hit Ikea..."
She laughed, probably at my foot-in-the-mouth stuttering, and shrugged me off. "Do what you will, dear. Use mine, put it in storage, I leave it up to you. By the by, you don't have any food in that kitchen o' yours. Come to the Big House. We'll have dinner. Get acquainted."
“Oh. Awesome, yeah. That would be great. But I’d like to get some things. Would you mind giving me some directions to a corner store or something close?”
“Of course, of course.” She looked out over the grass, not moving an inch. 
I had nowhere to be, so I just sat with her. Things seemed a little slower here. There was less bustle. Things were laid back and easy. The silence that fell was not awkward, as I thought it might be. It just ...was. We sat. We gazed. I waited for her to get up, or talk, or move. She just looked ahead. 



Chapter Three



I pulled into the parking lot of something called the Piggly Wiggly. As my car rolled toward the large, boxy store, I got a moment of indecision. I could literally park anywhere. Up close, further away, down the block--anywhere! I hadn't seen this much parking since I showed up to school on a holiday without knowing it.
Spoiled, I chose one near the door. Why not, right? I didn't need to walk if I didn't want to. Or fight for any spaces. What a luxury!
 Halfway to the entrance I realized I forgot my list. I stopped dead and tilted my head up, trying to remember when I’d last had it … Wait, I should have it ... Somewhere…
Lifting my bag away from my shoulder with one strap, I dove to the bottom, fishing out a small, crinkled list. As I rummaged, feeling like the bag was swallowing my arm, I heard a deep male baritone say, “Ma’am.”
One, not being familiar with that phrase, and two, wondering if someone was talking to me, which was very un-L.A., and hence, very strange for me, I gave a quick questioning glance in the speaker’s direction. I met a plaid chest. Obviously a little closer than I thought.
I still had my hand stuck at the bottom of my over-sized, over-filled handbag, walking lop-sided with no real perspective on where I was in relation to the door, when I looked up and met two deep blue eyes in the most breathtakingly, ruggedly handsome face I had ever seen. Watch out Marlboro man, you ain’t got nothin’ on this cowboy! 
His blue eyes caught my focus and drew me, holding me prisoner in a place where time did not exist. As I fell in, lost, I felt many things happen at once. My skin erupted in goose pimples as a shiver crawled down my back. My head went light, giving me the distinct feeling I was floating. Thank goodness, because my legs wobbled, not sure if I had control over my knees anymore. Topping it off, a suddenly warm, wet sensation pooled in my groin that craved sudden and fervid contact.
I think I muttered something. I really think I heard my voice, but I was too consumed with his eyes, and the burning taking over my body, to be sure. I think I kept walking, but when you lose the feeling in your legs, it's anybody's guess.
The slide of the electronic door right in front of me fed an alarm through my brain, but too late. My foot caught the end and jerked my whole body. My purse went flying, the items in it splashing the cement. Limbs flapping, I tried to maintain balance only to wildly stumble and bodily greet the display of large children’s balls. The flimsy white cage couldn’t compete with my a-bit-more-than-average (ahem) weight. It bent madly, the hole for extracting balls gaping. Florescent spheres gushed out everywhere, the balls sensing freedom and going for it.
“Oh crap!” My stumble, which had started with the door, and continued through the ball stand, took me to a painful slide on my knees. 
No time to lose!
I was up like a pogo stick, running madly after pretty little balls dotting the outside entryway of the store. 
“Who puts displays by the door?” I muttered in extreme embarrassment regardless of the fact that displays were standard the world over. 
Why me?
As I captured two strangely hard to hold on to balls, the first staff member rushed out of the door. 
“Is everyone all right?” It was a young kid with concern written across his face.
“Oh my god, I’m so sorry!” I gushed, dumping the balls in the cage and wrestling with the opening so they wouldn’t just come rolling out again.
Seriously, why me?
Another staff member came bustling out, a portly woman with a fantastic bee-hive. Her gaze swept the area, landing on me. My stomach tightened up as I stood in the wake of a self-made natural disaster. 
Hurricane Jessica. 
“I’m so sorry! I’m really sorry!” I bleated.   
I braced myself for the rant. For the store owner to barge out, yelling about the mess. Threatening me with a counter-suit if I even dared think of a lawyer. He would chase me out of the store, my backside a welcome sight in the wake of the mess. I would then go to the next grocery store where I wouldn’t be known for disturbing the peace. 
Only problem was, I wasn’t in L.A., and I had no idea where another shop was. They weren’t on every corner in this neck of the woods.
Beehive-lady clutched my arm as I stooped for more balls. “Don’t worry yourself none.” She escorted me to the side as the young guy went about straightening the ball cage. Her eyes glanced over my body and lingered on my knees, a small tear marring my jeans. “You alright? You hurt yourself?”
“Oh no, no no! I’m okay. Seriously. Just wasn’t paying attention.” I brushed my bruised knees in an effort to wipe off the scuffs. 
“Here, come over here and have a seat. Are you sure you’re okay?” 
She gestured me to a wood bench next to a small flower display. In shock, I took two steps, carried away by her concern. It took logic to still my feet.
Why the hell wasn’t she mad? I’d just rumbled through and blasted a stand of kids’ balls!
That sounded wrong.
The brown haired guy was picking up the balls now, but making quick, worried glances in my direction. He wore the same mask of alarm, probably worried I’d set fire to the place next, or something else equally outlandish. No telling what I was capable of, really.
I needed to fast forward this scene. My embarrassment was out of hand. 
“No, no. Oh my God, really, I’m fine. I’m just clumsy and totally ridiculous! I have no idea what happened. Sorry for the mess! Really!” 
My eye scoured the ground. Where the hell was my damn purse? I had taken the tumble in the doorway, but it wasn’t there. That brown-haired staff member was more than halfway done corralling balls, uncovering nothing on the walk-way.
 “You don’t worry yourself about no mess,” Beehive-Lady said with her hand on my back, trying to get me to the bench. “Ronnie will have that dealt with in a jiffy. C’mon’ere and have a seat. You sure you’re not hurt?”
“Oh, ha! No,” I said distractedly, frantically searching for my bag and its contents. “I’m good, seriously. Just so sorry for the mess!”
I took a step around Beehive-Lady, scanning the sidewalk, when the Greek God Apollo himself stepped up with my handbag in hand, a devastatingly handsome half-smile filled with mischief lighting up his face. His blue eyes caught and held me, that weird heat returning to my body.
“I’m sorry, ma’am.” He tried for a concerned look after a quick glance at Ronnie and Beehive-Lady, but only managed a handsome farcical look instead. “I’m sorry to have startled you. I believe this is yours?” He reached out with my purse. 
Must-pull-eyes-away. 
God he was so beautiful. 
NO! PULL-EYES-AWAY!
I managed to look down at my purse long enough to get my hand on it. It was bigger and fuller than I was used to, because I shoved a bunch of little bits in there when I was moving, and Apollo must’ve had muscles of steel to make the weight seem nonexistent, so when I thought I had hold of it, it plummeted toward the ground. 
In his eagerness to help me, Mr. Apollo took a big step toward me, snatching the bag with lightning fast hands before it could spill onto the floor. I was acutely aware of his musty man smell. It wasn’t a clean, fresh out of the shower smell, but like a man that was working outside all day. Eau d’Homme. Not BO or anything, but pure Man. 
My groin burst into flame. A million points of lava erupted across my skin; the heat of him so close, the smell of him, the man-ness of him. I couldn’t help a tiny moan escaping my lips before he stepped away nonchalantly. 
My God woman, get a grip! This was all going downhill so fast I had skid marks! Literally. I needed to get the hell out of there. Away from him. 
But I didn’t want to.
But I had to! I looked like a mental patient. No hot guy would want to be ten feet from me.
But he was so hot!
But I smelled. I was here to get a toothbrush. I probably peeled his eyebrows off when my breath hit his face.
Wait...did I talk to him?
I pushed my schizophrenia to the side and about-faced. Along with my body, my face was on fire...of a different kind. Of the can one person really be this humiliated? kind. I muttered a quick “thanks,” nodded to Beehive and Ronnie, and turned to go further into the store. Grudgingly, but necessary. 
I was such a douche! My first day here and I meet the most ruggedly handsome guy I have ever seen, with manners no less, and eyes that are as deep and bottomless as eternity, and I blow it. It was a fairy tale encounter. Right up until I walked into the door, knocked over a stand of balls, spilled my handbag everywhere...I mean, did I have to go on? I almost dry humped the guy’s leg! I suck. I so suck. What is my problem?! Seriously, what-is-my-problem?
Lost in self-incriminating thought, I collected the basics for my new home. I walked into the checkout line, checking my list off item by item in my head, when I felt a presence. 
No. Oh no. Not again.
Yes please, my inner self peeped.
I knifed my inner self immediately.
I knew it was him. I knew it was. I don’t know how I knew—maybe it was the rubbery quality of my legs. Maybe the lightheadedness. Maybe it was the musty, not quite sweaty eau d’homme smell.  Or, maybe it was the fire combined with goosebumps that once again spread throughout my body. Christ-on-a-crutch, what was going on with me? 
Don’t look up. Don’t look up! Be busy. Busy and important. Crap to do. Dinner to cook. Or not. Something to do. Don’t look up.
I methodically unloaded my basket onto the conveyer. As my items slowly traveled toward the checker, which was unfortunately none other than Ronnie, here to witness the end to my marathon of stupid, I dug through my purse for my wallet. And dug some more. I moved unidentified objects aside, feeling. Groping. Finding every small article I owned in the world, except my bloody wallet.
“This can’t be happening,” I muttered under my breath, turning my eyes down to the sink hole that was my handbag.
I dug deeper. I looked harder and faster and more frantically. It probably looked like something at the bottom of my bag had my hand and was trying to wrestle it away from me. But, when all was said and done, it wasn’t in my God-damned purse! 
I gave a deep, exasperated sigh. I looked up at Ronnie apologetically.
“I....I don’t...”
Ronnie, finished tucking the last item neatly into a paper bag, straightened. His eyes held mine expectantly.
I had the sudden urge to run. Or hide. Or do anything but stand there like a fool and shake my head minutely.
 “I’m sorry, guys.” I half turned to glance at Apollo standing next to me. He had a good-natured grin wound around confusion. “I don’t have my wallet. Er, actually, I might have my wallet. I don’t know. I just moved and I have a ton of stuff in this bag.”
I shook my bag a little, like this was all its fault. “I am really sorry Ronnie. I need to put those groceries back. I know I have my wallet somewhere, because I remember using it. I just don’t know where it might be at this point.  So...” 
I reached for the paper bag, wondering if my face was as red as it felt. Only a dingle-berry would go to a store without their wallet. A normal cashier would commence treating the patron, me, like said dingle-berry.
Strangely enough, Ronnie the Cashier was not mad in any way. The opposite in fact. Even though, not that long ago, he had to rebuild a display in my honor, he did not wear even a hint of a frown. 
How odd.
I looked over at the next person in line with the same apology on my face, forgetting of course that he was completely gorgeous and turned me to goo. Luckily for my fear of embarrassment, I looked away as quickly as possible and was able to gain composure. Small steps.
 “It’s okay, ma’am,” Ronnie said, coming around to hand me the bag of groceries. “It ain’t much you got here. Where ya livin’?”
Confused, I told him the address, then heard a slight shuffle behind me. Curious, I turned to investigate and met intense puzzlement, which was strange. Oh, my, who cares, look away. God, but he was gorgeous. 
God broke the mold when he made you.
Are you tired? Tired from running through my mind all day?
Did it hurt? When you fell from Heaven?
“Oh, Ms. Peek’s place?” Ronnie asked helpfully.
“Uh...her name is Gladis? I don’t remember her last name. In her cottage out back. I just moved in today.”
“That’s her, you bet! Well then, you’ll be right back here in no time. Ain’t many places to shop as close as this here!” 
I had been reminding myself of that unhappy fact through this whole experience.
“I can put this here on credit, no problem. Just pay it next time around. And if you got a new wallet, I’ll know why!” He started laughing as I took my bag of groceries.
I can tell you I was relieved. I forgot toothpaste and had lost my hairbrush. There were necessities in this bag that I needed immediately, as well as in the morning. Going without was possible, but not pretty. 
However, I was not used to this. I stared at him for a minute, wondering if what he said was genuine. After I was sure it wasn’t a trick, I gave him a tentative smile, and a small step toward the door, just to give him time to yell at me or demand blood payment.
He gave me an encouraging nod. 
I finally relaxed in a relieved, purely joyful smile. I could be mortified later. Now, happy. 
Ronnie returned my smile with a weird stare. I hadn’t eaten anything in a while, but no telling what might be in my teeth. I decided it was time to get out of there quickly. Concern for the lost wallet would come later.
I clutched the bag closer and off I went. I barely heard the low, exotic drum of Apollo’s voice speaking to Ronnie. I might have ruined my chance with a man like none I found in L.A., but at least I could wash my face, body, and clean my teeth. It was a small miracle. 
Whatever. Where there was one hot man, there were bound to be others. This was Texas, after all. Land of men. Manly men.  Real men. Men who made things with their bare hands. Men that had muscles from real life, not just lifting a barbell. I could find another.

I got back to my new home, put my stuff away, found my wallet on the coffee table where I left it, sighed hugely for an imaginary audience, then showered for dinner. I didn’t need a mental note to head to the store the next day to pay my bill. It would be etched in my memory forever.
Half an hour later an older white guy ushered me into a stately, though still low-key, parlor in Gladis’s impressive house. While it looked like a man picked all the furniture a score of years before, what with all the large, shiny wood and overbearing pieces, the accents and small details were relatively updated for this century, and hinted at a graceful eye for decorating. Scrolled sconces adorned the walls, adding flair to beautiful oil paintings. Exquisite oriental rugs protected parts of the shiny hardwood floor. Candles lent a feminine touch to a large mantel piece.
 “Hello dear!” Gladis gracefully rose from a leather couch across the grand room. 
“Hi Gladis.”
“Don’t you know better than to ring the bell? This is your house, too. Come in the back door, silly!” She waved her hand as she met me, immediately turning and leading me to the liquor cabinet. And a woman wearing all black standing guard. 
Bartender? Or had my reputation preceded me?
“What’r you havin’?” Gladis asked.
“Do you have beer?”
“Beer? Oh honey, no! This is a house of sophistication. It is time for grown up drinks!”   
Grown up, huh? Drink a bunch of hard alcohol, get sloppy, do things you’ll regret? I must have turned grown up at eighteen. Okay, sixteen, but don’t tell my mom—it was her alcohol I was stealing.
“Well....”
“C’mon, darlin. Lady here knows every drink you can think of.”
“Every drink? Really?” I looked at the middle-aged woman unfortunately named Lady. “Do you know how to make a German Chocolate Cake?”
I got a stern look for longer than an average moment. As a strange paranoia washed over me, she glanced back at the almost-full bar behind her. Then looked at Gladis.
Why do I feel like I’m in trouble?
Gladis had a bemused expression on her face. “Well, Lady? You said you knew the drinks of young people. What do you think?”
“Yes, ma’am. It sounds familiar. Hmmm.” She turned toward the bottles behind her again, staring. Gladis gave me a wink.
“No, ma’am. It escapes me. I am sorry to disappoint,” Lady said, turning back to us. She meant it, too. 
I quickly told the bartender, or maid, or whoever, how to make the drink. It was an easy drink to make and take; vanilla vodka and chocolate liquor, which tasted like a real chocolate cake. How could someone not know that one? 
When they were made—and by the way, they were shots, not drinks—I turned to Gladis. “Okay, this is what you do. You grab your shot. Grab your lemon coated in sugar—yes, that is an active ingredient. Now. Take the shot, swallow, then immediately suck on the sugar lemon.”
Gladis tilted her head to the side as if I’d started speaking Sanskrit.
“Gladis, this is a grown up drink. Now, c’mon. If you don’t have beer, you have this. Grab your shot, let’s get to it.” 
I looked serious through the whole thing, because a smile would have given it away.
Gladis put a resigned look of determination on her face, grabbed the shot, clinked my glass, and we fired away. I really didn’t think she would do it. Welcome back to your 20s!
When we were done, she gave me a hard look. Then a smile crept up her face like a slow moving beetle. “That does taste like German Chocolate Cake. Interesting... Now, Jessica my dear, please have Lady make you a sipping drink so we can chat.”
I would have asked for a Mojito, but didn’t know how to make it if Lady didn’t, and I didn’t think they stocked fresh mint, so I asked for a chocolate martini. Lady looked relieved at this one, made it quickly, and handed it over.
Gladis led me to a plush leather sofa. “So darlin’,” she started, “did you find the store alright?”
That earlier bout of embarrassment must have come rushing back to my face because Gladis said, "Out with it!”
I told her the whole story. From spilling a bunch of balls, then not being able to find my wallet and leaving with my thirty-something-dollars’ worth of groceries on credit.
She was laughing through most of it. When I got to the money part she stopped me. “Do you need money for that, dear?”
“No! Thank you, but no. I found my wallet at the house. No, it is just so dumb that I put groceries on credit like it was 1900 or something!”
“Yes, I can see how that would be embarrassing. Listen, what did this good-looking man look like?”
Thinking of him spread warmth throughout my body with a curious shiver going down my spine. “To tell you the truth, Gladis, I didn’t get a thorough look because I was too busy being surprised, then tripping over my own feet. But he had the bluest eyes I think I’ve ever seen. They were like the pictures you see of the Caribbean ocean, but the deeper parts. Clear, deep blue. Shockingly blue, even.
“He was wearing plaid, I think. Yuck, plaid. He had jet black hair that was a little long-ish, but not long. A little shorter than Russell Crowe likes to keep his hair.” That comment was met with a confused look.
“You know, like the rugged, outdoorsy Australians like to wear it? Like, boy short, but a little longer than most boys, and with a little wave to it? Not hippy long or unkempt or anything, but enough to grab a handful in cli.....” 
I can’t believe I almost said climax! To an old lady! 
Her eyes were twinkling. Gross.
“Well, a good style, anyway. And I think he had a bit of scruff on his face. His voice was a deep baritone. He was tall. Must be six-two or something, because he would be taller than me if I was wearing heels, and I am five-six when I stand up straight. And he had this musty smell. But not a bad musty, but like a....like a… I don’t know how to describe it, but it just crawled in my nose and acted like heroine or something. Ohhh it was nice!”
“Hmmmm.” 
I quirked my head at the odd reaction, but didn't pursue. It was nice to tell someone about Mr. Hottie, or Apollo, as I had, right or wrong, taken to thinking of him. I didn't know enough to delve deeper.
We moved on to other conversations, always lively without ever lacking a topic or words. I was a babbling moron, always had been, and she a pro at tempering stupidity. Despite the age gap, and social status gap, and most other gaps that existed between two strangers, we had a kindred spirit. We strangely fit together, and by the end of the night, were old friends.

I woke up late the next morning and lounged around the cottage. I unpacked some clothes, took a gloriously hot shower, and primped. It was a new town; I needed to put my best foot forward! Also, I needed to pay that bill—this time I would look decent when I met the workers. With brushed hair and clean teeth!
The day was sublime. A cool breeze with the promise of warmth to follow. I heard a bee buzzing in the distance and smelled fresh flowers in bloom. As I exited the spiked gate, Gladis looked up from a patch of dirt, potted flowers around her. 
 “Good morning Gladis!” I boomed.
 “Ah, good mid-day to you!”
“Can’t be out of the house too early—it’d give the neighbors the wrong impression!”
Gladis chuckled and nodded. “Young ladies don’t want to seem too eager.” She went back to her gardening.
“Do you do all the gardening, Gladis?” I asked in awe, looking over more than a half-acre of front yard.
She didn’t bother stopping her digging this time. “No, dear. This is a hobby. Gardening in the sunshine is good for the soul.”
Getting a tan by the pool was more my speed, but I let it go.
I was at the Piggly Wiggly pretty quick. What a weird name for a grocery store. I was expecting a pig farm at first—but it was as normal a store as Safeway, so what did I know? 
No Apollos this time; no tripping, no making an ass of myself, no funny business. 
Ronnie, ringing people up at one of three active check stands, had obviously worked here for a while. His hands moved quickly and with purpose, moving people along expertly. And judging by his longer line of all older women, he was the young hunk of the supermarket.
Go get ‘em, gals!
When it was my turn, Ronnie recognized me right away. “Hi ya. How’re ya doin’?”
“Great, thanks! I’m just in to pay my tab from the other night. Last night. Found my wallet.” I held up the previously lost treasure and chuckled.
“Oh, well Mr. Davies picked that up for you.”
“Mr. Davies? Who’s that?”
“Oh, Mr. Davies. The guy ... I mean, the man who was standing behind you the other night. He just picked up the tab seeing as how it wasn’t much‘n all.”
Loss for words. “Um. Oh. Uh ... Is there an address where I might drop the money by to him?”
Ronnie looked at me funny. “No ma’am. I really shouldn’t give out his address or nuthin’. You’re new here, but I reckon it’ll take a week or so ‘afore you know where he lives.”
“Okay?” I was not quite sure what that meant. Did he surmise I was a stalker?
The woman behind me cleared her throat in an obvious, and not-so-subtle, way of telling me to move along. 
“Well, thanks again Ronnie. I’m sure I’ll see you around.” 
“Yes ma’am. See you again real soon. Have a good ‘un.” He flashed a toothy grin. He was really cute for a young dude, in the puppy-dog sort of way.
So Apollo was Mr. Davies and known around town. Well, anyone that gorgeous was bound to stick out. Plus, he was chivalrous and generous. Paying for my groceries was classy. Dare I hope he liked me?
Memories of last night tumbled through my head, the ending note being the memory of what I looked like.
No dare, just hope. But his face was definitely going into the spank bank for sure.
With a new-found sense of freedom arising from a new place where nobody knew me, I didn’t want to go straight home. I wanted to explore. Check out the town and surrounding area. Have a glance at people, look at the countryside.
After about an hour I had the startling realization that checking out your surroundings was only a good idea if you paid attention. I wanted to get to Austin, to the city and more people. Instead, I found myself in flat nothingness filled with dirt, natural grass, barns and fences. I knew it was a farming area because it smelled like cow ass. Call me Sherlock.
I pulled to the side of the road, mostly in a ditch, to get out a map. 
I rooted around in my car for ages before I came to the conclusion that I suck, and must have taken the map out when unpacking the car. Great. I didn’t even know where the nearest gas station was, and didn’t have much longer before my car would run out of gas.
I put my head on the steering wheel and moaned. It didn’t help. 
 “Okay.” I looked up at the sun and determined that I was facing east. If I was in L.A., I would be pointed in the opposite direction of the ocean. I would then turn around and head to the beach for a glorious sunset over the waves. 
And now I was homesick. 
“Okay.” I said again, my voice sounding strangely loud surrounded by so much nothingness. No car noises, no people, not even airplanes overhead to drown out my words. “I am pretty sure that I was heading east, roughly east, to get here. West to get back. Yes, I am a genius. The roughly part is tricky, though. Wait… I think those directions had a sorta map…” 
I dove toward my glove compartment before I noticed the shadow. Something darkened the already murky places inside my car. Which meant it was something at my window! Looming. Looking in!
I screamed and jumped at the same time, hitting my head on the ceiling and my elbow on the “Oh Shit!” handle on the door. I hastily reached for the lock before I realized that it wasn’t a face looking in, it was a monster. A brown, fuzzy monster that smelled like ass. 
Through my incredible skill of detail orientation, I determined that it was a cow. Outside my door. In the middle of the road. And it wasn’t looking in at all—I was looking at the thing’s belly, to be replaced by its butt, and then another massive bovine. In fact, there were a bunch of cows all around my car. 
Why were there cows outside my car?
I’m on the road, right?
Yes, on the road. 
I craned my head to look behind me, wondering how big the herd was, but my dumb seatbelt held me fast. My eyes found the rear-view mirror in time to spy some spindly legs that could only be horse. In Texas a day and already I’m dealing with cow ass and horses. Talk about culture shock.
The long legs clomped closer, giving me sudden apprehension. I was not particularly eager to meet John Wayne in the middle of nowhere, with no one in screaming range, while blocked in by massive animals.
"But how the hell am I going to escape?" I thought dismally, watching cow butts slowly move down the road.
Belatedly I realized that my window was open this whole time. And why wouldn’t it be? I was in the middle of nowhere, in the heat, with no air conditioning. Of course it was open. But now the horse and rider knew I was afraid of sneaky cows. 
Being that the horse stopped by the side of the car, I stuck my head out the window, foot ready to hit the gas and run these cows down if need be. The glare of the sun sparkling off the metal of my car made visibility difficult. I could make out cowboy boots, jeans, the shadow of a cowboy hat, the outline of the horse, and all the many cows still walking by. If I wasn’t mistaken, this man was a cowboy.
Thank you, Watson, I’ll take my tea now.
 “Hi again,” said a familiar smooth, deep baritone.
My heart skipped, then began hammering in my chest. I could feel a thousand butterflies fill my stomach. Also a cold chill that was surprisingly pleasant.
“H-h-hi. Hi,” I stammered lamely, peering farther out the window and blocking the sun with my hand. The way the sun cascaded around his shoulders made him appear holy. It gave the situation an ethereal feeling, increasing my shivers.  
 “You are a ways from town. Didn’t you say you lived with Gladis?”
He remembered! 
“I do, yeah. I went for a drive and kinda … lost my way.”
“I see. Do you have a map?”
“Yes. Well, maybe. I’m just not sure if it is in the car or in the cottage.”
“In the cottage?” Was that humor in his voice? “I wasn’t aware Gladis had a cottage.”
“Oh, well, pool house. We call it a cottage.”
He gave a deep throated chuckle and willed his horse forward a bit. “I am surprised the ol’ dame didn’t make you move into the big house with her.”
“She likes having me in the house as often as I’ll go, but the ad was for the cot—ah, pool house. She does like to have someone to talk to.”
“Oh yes, she never tires of company. Ever the entertainer.”
“Do you know her?”
“All of…the town knows her. She is a funny old lady. Nice as pie. But funny all the same.” 
Yup, he knew her. 
“Any rate,” he began again, his southern drawl kicking in a little more heavily. He was exceptionally well spoken, which belied a top-dollar education. However, his accent came and went, always with a presence to some extent. I wondered if it was the effect of an out-of-town school.
“You’ll want to be gettin’ home here shortly. It’s getting dark.” His hat brim tilted up, his face still obscured by the glare. He must’ve been surveying the sky and land around him. 
 “Right. Yeah, yes I do. Can you, um, point me in a direction? Preferably the correct one?” I laughed at how stupid I sounded.
He seemed to forget his surroundings for a second as he bent down to peer in the car. Through the orange haze, I could make out jet black hair peeping from under his cowboy hat, and those bottomless eyes looking at me with humor. My head got a bit light. 
“Can’t take a city girl away from the buildings or you lose your way, huh?”
“Actually, yes. Exactly.” I really did rarely get lost in the city. Out here, though, with all this space and no ocean, it was a whole different world.
A browner one, for a start.
“Okay, you are pointed east ... do you want to write this down?”
I realized I had been staring up at him, trying to get a glance at his eyes again. I jumped into action, grabbing writing tools and listening for instructions. As he gave them, I let half my mind wander, just listening to his voice, feeling the first cool breeze of the night float by, which was a relief in the humidity. I noticed the color of the sun splashing across the sky as it set, hearing flies buzzing past the cows, and the smell of poop. Just taking it all in, with him in it.
On second thought, I could have done without the poop smell.
He finished up and I put away the pen and paper. The cows had all moved on down the road and into the pasture. 
“Oh,” I said too loudly. Toning it down quickly, I continued in a more subdued voice, “I wanted to give you money for the groceries.” 
I certainly did not sound like I had a high-dollar education.
He chuckled. “‘Nite miss. See ya again sometime.” 
He tipped his hat the way they do in westerns and his horse started moving off the road.
Oh ...okay.
Something about him made me giddy. I hadn’t felt this way since I was ten years old and Timmy McNewland kissed me by the monkey bars. That time, giddy quickly turned to anger when he made a face and said, “ech!”  Stupid little boys.




Chapter Four



 “You Jessica?” Asked a slightly high-pitched voice out of a stocky man in his late forties.
My new boss walked through the spacious lobby of the office building, ignoring the receptionist bobbing her head in answer to his question.
 “Yes.” I stood up and surpassed his height by about three inches. I was wearing heels, but still, his parents didn’t do him any favors. Hopefully he was at least smart or funny.
“Come this way.” He had a really thick, slow drawl. From what I had heard so far, it didn’t sound Texan, but I was no expert. 
I flashed a smile at the receptionist who gave me a thumbs up, then rolled her eyes at Mr. Nash, my new boss. Not a good sign. Still, giving him the benefit of the doubt, we passed into the building through a big archway with crown molding. The inside was a deep tan, almost honey color. There were plants and wall decor that made this place look like a client’s reception room in a lawyer’s office rather than a low-level office floor. 
What was it with me? I didn’t have much--next to nothing, really--but everyone and everything around me seemed to have money and an air of elegance or stateliness. I had a feeling I was being set up by the cosmos for a big joke, a joke I wouldn’t find amusing.
“This here’s yer desk.” Mr. Nash gave the cube an impatient sweep of his arm.
It was bigger than average, like those around me, dark wood, which was actually hard plastic, with deep gray cube walls. It had a phone from this decade, a MAC laptop (nice!), a ten-key, shelving to hold personal as well as professional items, and the typical mess of drawers.
 “Right then. I’ll just take ya on to the break room.”
He led me through a maze of deep gray walls, expensive paintings and potted plants to a room with a large wood table, three microwaves, water cooler, two refrigerators, and all the other stuff an office break-room usually has. 
This was a good first stop, I needed coffee.
“C’mon,” He squawked, heading away.
Geez. Give a gal a second. 
We walked down a corridor to the restrooms.
“The water closet for ladies is here.” He shoved a tubby finger at the door with “Ladies Room” written on it. I could have figured that one out, but said nothing. 
“Right. You think ya got it?”
“Yup, got it. Thanks!” I smiled jubilantly.
“Hmm. Well, Jenny’s gonna be trainin’ you here shortly. I expect that’s all I need to show ya. Can ya find yer way back?”
“I think I can handle it, yes. Thank you.”
He looked at me like I had an eye falling out of my head, and then turned his pot belly around and walked away. 
Well…alright then.
I made my way back to the kitchen for caffeinated fuel. 
As I was pouring coffee into my cup, someone walked in and stood behind me. I finished up by snagging a couple packets of sugar, which were right next to the coffee machine. No powder creamer. You would think a company this nice would have some freaking powder creamer.
“You new?”
I glanced over my shoulder. He was older than me, probably in his forties, with sandy blond hair and leathery skin.
“Yeah,” I responded with a half grin. 
“Thought so. Everyone looks for the creamer the first time around.” He gave a good-natured laugh. “It’s in the fridge.”
“The fridge?”
“Yeah. It’s that big, white block that stays cold, even in summer.” He nodded his head toward the far wall. 
“Oohh, that’s what they call it!” I laughed as I made my way, opened it up and saw real creamer! Like, the kind that needs to be kept cold so it doesn’t spoil. So much better than the powdered crap.
“Yeah, this company takes care of us," he continued. "You work hard, hit your goals and all the rest, and they keep you happy. And it seems to work for them, because even when the economy takes a downturn this company still makes money. Never cheat the farmers, either. They are straight up. Once someone is hired, they don’t quit if they can help it, or do everything they can not to get fired. There are a few idiots, but mostly people stay here for a long time.”
Was I dreaming? I landed a good job with a great company right after college?
Mentally I ducked and looked around for the hidden camera, thinking for sure that this was a joke and I the punch line, as per usual. My luck had never been better than terrible, which meant that I was missing something…
“Where you from?” he asked as he filled his cup.
“L.A.”
“Oh whoa, a California girl, eh? Hot dang. Why would you want to leave Cali--isn’t that what you call it? Cali?”
Bit of a chatter, this one.
“Once upon a time that was the ‘in’ name, yeah. A little passé now.” I threw him my winning smile to tell him I was being an ass on purpose.
He responded with a slack face. Maybe my “winning” smile was a California thing. It didn’t seem to work in Texas. Maybe a toothy grin was a better way to go.
I had to work on it.
He blinked, a dreamy smile creeping up his face. Then he started laughing. I edged from the room.
“Oh right, passé!” he exclaimed. “Ha ha. Yeah, I am just a country kid, what do I know about the land of movie stars? Ha ha. Well, I am from Austin. The city, you know. But we are still country kids at heart!”
“Anyway,” I said, “I should get back. I have to get settled then start training.”
“Oh sure, yeah. What are you doing, anyway?”
“Some sort of Accounting. Entry level, but I just finished college so I took what I could get!”
“Oh yeah. Got to! Fer sure, right? Fer sure, doood! California! Surfer girls! Ha ha. Anyway, see ya ‘round alright? Ha ha ha ha!” He was shaking his head as I moved away.
What did they put in the coffee here?
Back at my computer, I tried to setup my email using the Post-It note with my sign-on, got confused, then looked around. I could hear some phone conversations and see a tall, tree-like plant in front of a robust woman across the cube from me. She was putting something away at the back of her cube; otherwise I would only see her in profile. 
She had some crazy large hair. It was a teased, dyed blond mass on the top of her head, held there with lots of Aqua Net. Her outdated pant-suit squeezed overly large breasts until they were trying to bust out the top.
Unfortunately, it was at the time I noticed her boobs that she noticed me looking at them. Perfect timing, as always. 
“You the new girl?” she asked with attitude and a thick accent.
“Yes. I’m Jessica. I just finished setting up--”
“You don’t gotta bother explaining what it is you ain’t doin’,” she interrupted. “Like workin’. Who is supposed to be showin’ you what’s what?”
“Um, Jenny? I’m not sure. I was just told this was my cube.”
“Well, if I wuz you, I would find myself someone to show me my job, and stop gawkin’ like you wuz as nervous as a long tailed cat in a room fulla rockin’ chairs!”
She turned around in a huff, slammed the drawer that was opened, got into her suddenly burdened chair, and turned toward her computer. She was now mostly out of sight behind the fake, leafy plant. 
Je-sus!
Sorry to take your name in vain, Lord, because I am sure you hear me louder here than in L.A., but seriously! What. A. Bitch!
I was still staring in shocked silence when a head popped into view. It was a girl about my age, maybe a little younger, with long, straight brown hair, freckles, and large, almond shaped eyes. Her prettiness was diminished slightly by too much foundation make-up. 
“Hi!” she said in a high, almost child-like voice. 
“Hello,” I replied, careful not to say too much in case she turned into a clone of my cube neighbor.
Speaking of my delightful cube neighbor, her face peeped at us through the plant. I quickly focused more intently on this new girl so as not to get a repeat of the tongue lashing.
“I am going to train you. Not fully, of course, ‘cause you are slightly senior in your duties to mine—because you are a college grad. Yay! Congrats!”
“Oh. Thanks. This is my first adult job.” My face got hot.
“Yeah, it’s my first job, too. Real job I mean, like you. I did some Dairy Queen cashier stuff, and was a bank teller before this, which got me this job. But overall this is my first well-paying job. I haven’t gone to college, though. I don’t really want to, either. I’m not that good at school, so I figure I’ll just work my way up in the work world. It takes longer that way ‘cause you have to start lower, but it sure beats school! Well, you probably don’t agree because you went to school and made it through, but that’s my outlook anyway.” She had a big smile and giggled a little.
So, a talker then. That was as well because generally I made a better listener. I hoped we'd get along so I'd have a friend. 
Something occurred to me. “You don’t have an accent.”
“Oh well, no. I was city born in Houston. Lived in the city all my life, and there are lots of people without accents there. Grow up with Hollywood movies and TV and all that, it’s easy to escape the southern drawl! I slip into it sometimes. Mostly when I drink.” She lowered her voice at the last sentence and winked at me. 
Mental note: Drinking might not be as accepted here as in L.A. Must be careful not to make an ass of myself right off. 
Easier said than done.
“Anyway,” she went on, “I am Candace.”
Apparently Mr. Nash wasn’t great with names…
“Jessica. Or Jess if you want.”
“Oh! I thought you were Jenny. Mr. Nash must have got it wrong!” She frowned.
Or maybe he called everyone Jenny? 
“My sister is named Jessica! We call her Jess, though, so if you don’t mind I might just call you Jessica so you’re cemented as a different person in my mind.” She giggled in a good natured way.
“Will you two girls shut up?!” my neighbor roared. 
Candace rolled her eyes and turned toward the angry hornet. “Juniper, why can’t you just be nice for once? Or at least quiet? I’m going to be training Jessica so I’ll be over here pretty often.”
“You trainin’? That’s gonna go over like a fart in an elevator!”
“Real nice, Juniper." Candace replied in sarcastic tones. "Do I have to get Mr. Nash involved again?”
I heard a “Hmph!” and rustling paper. Apparently Mr. Nash was the winning threat.
Candace turned back to me with a sober look as she shook her head. “Anyway, let’s get you started before someone is tempted to eavesdrop.” 
Paper shuffled with vigor across the way.
“John Paul will be here soon to set up your email.”
“Cool. Really nice computers by the way!”
“Oh yeah, they really take care of the employees here. They believe that a happy employee is a long-lasting employee, which has something to do with staying longer and helping the business, or something.”
“Employee retention. Apparently it’s cheaper to keep the current employees than train new ones. And it’s great for knowledge retention and work flow, which helps the business prosper. So they teach, anyway.”
Candace smiled. “See, that is why you got the better job. College.” 
I didn’t bother to tell her I memorized that bit for a final and hardly understood it. It was kinda nice having someone think you were smart. Not that it would last long, of course. Take it while you can!
Another head popped into the cube. 
“Hey girls. I’m here for the computer set-up.” He must have been in his early twenties. If he had hit twenty. Average looking, sandy, short-cropped hair, brown eyes, and a nice set of shoulders. He didn’t look like he worked out, but he had the natural build that most gym men would kill for.
“Hey, John Paul. This is Jessica.”
He smiled. “Hi Jess.” 
“Hi, John Paul.”
Candace and I pushed out of the way, making papers shuffle furiously in Juniper’s area as we brushed her plant. J.P. sat down for less than a minute, his hands flying over the keyboard, before he stood up a moment later with a nod. “All set. Welcome aboard, Jessica! You’ll really like it here.”
He popped out and Candace filled the void. “He’s really very nice. Cute, too!” She giggled. I had a feeling I’d need to get used to giggling. “Off the market, though.”
“Oh? Is he gay, then?”
“Gay? Oh no! He just got married! Too bad.”
“Really? He seems a little young.”
“He’s nineteen, I think.”
“Married?! At nineteen?”
Candace flashed me a quizzical look. “Ye-ah, why?”
“How does someone get married at nineteen?”
Juniper chimed in with, “Easy as fallin’ off a log—if you’re not a hussy!”
Candace and I both looked at her cube, but she was hiding behind her plant. All we could see was a mound of blonde, teased hair above leaves. Listening to our every word, but hiding. 
Candace continued, stepping into the cube and lowering her voice so it was harder to overhear. “High-school sweethearts and all the rest. He is big into going by the Bible and all that. I think he waited, for you know …” she raised her eyebrows to indicate just what he was waiting for, “until he was married, and now his wife is pregnant.”
My world was blown. All that at nineteen? Waited until marriage? Did that happen anymore? What if the other party was awful in bed? Did they only stick to missionary? I would have to talk this over with Gladis. 
Funny that the first person I thought to talk to about this was an old woman.
Candace and I got to business after that. The work seemed pretty easy. Spreadsheet for this, calculator and report for that. It was a new field for me, but if it continued to start this slow, I would have no trouble getting up to speed. Hopefully.
The rest of the week basically went as the first day did, only increasingly lonelier. I tried to make up for that by emailing my friends as often as possible—Ami included.

***

Saturday morning. Throughout the week, I’d met Candace’s work friends, most of whom I was okay parting with, but when it was suggested we all go to a rodeo—well, who's gonna say no, eh? It would be my first. And after some of the guys heard that, I no longer had a choice.
 I was up and ready well before my ride came to pick me up. I was going with Candace, John Paul, and Dave. At least with Dave driving, he couldn’t stare at my boobs.
The day was hot and stuffy. I was wearing a cute little halter that went to my belly button, and a little white skirt. Not too little—it had to cover the ugly part in back of my legs, and I had to be able to bend over without showing my crotch—but little enough to get the point across. 
I heard the honk and saw Candace’s text that they were here. Yay! 
When I stepped through the gate, Dave’s beater was parked where my beater had been for half a day—Gladis asked that I park in the warehouse, which she called a garage. Being that the other vehicles in the spacious garage each cost over a hundred-grand each—some well over that price tag and collector's items—I had a feeling it wasn’t for my benefit that my old Honda was stored away.
Three stunned faces greeted me as I strolled down the walk.
 “What is she, a movie star? Is she from Hollywood?” Dave asked as I neared the open-windowed car. 
Dave was part of Candace’s lunch crew but not all that friendly. While he accepted me at their table, because Candace made him, he wasn’t thrilled with my being Californian. Apparently the rumors I had heard were true—a lot of people outside of California didn’t particularly love Californians. 
I was too afraid to ask why, mostly worried that their stereotypes would fit.
 “Hey Jess,” John Paul said from the front seat, “which movie did you say you starred in?”
“How much time you got? There was a time when you couldn’t throw a stone without hitting a Hollywood star I acted with!”
“No kidding! Really?!” Candace shrieked with giant eyes. She leaned across the back seat and peeped through the window.
“No, not really. Yes, I'm kidding. I am renting the cottage out back. And by cottage, what I really mean is pool house.”
“Man, girl. Just give me a second now. I was thinkin’ you was rich and famous for two seconds. Phew.” Dave shook his head, wiped his pimply face, and looked out the window at me.
“Man girl? Confused on my sexual orientation?” I shook my head. I should have been quicker to climb in, because once he caught sight of my outfit he had a good gawk; mouth wide open, eyes up and down, pausing on my breasts and crotch. Lovely.

***

About a half hour later, we arrived at what looked like a small-scale fair, and a large-scale petting zoo, combined into one. As we went through the entrance, which cost $15, there was a small Ferris wheel off to the right with a few other mechanical things for people not wearing white. To the left was a large building with a pig in an enclosure out front. Ahead of us stood the back of towering grandstands and a crowd of people milling around. I took that to mean we got here before the activities started.
We wound our way through beer and food vendors—it smelled delicious—and off to the right. Before we got to the kiddie rides, we veered back left, heading around an open area that must house the event. 
That’s about when I noticed all the horses. They were everywhere! Tied to trailers, tied to fences, being led around and ridden! It was like a real-life Western! And guess what came with horses? Horse poop. 
I started looking down as often as up.
We rounded a corner through the makeshift horse village and I got my first glimpse at what the stands were looking at. Nothing. Caged nothingness. A big, open, oval, dirt area. That’s it.
The expanse of circular dirt was enclosed by a white, metal gate made out of piping. Or at least that’s what it looked like. At the back end stood a solid structure, interrupting the gate and housing an electronic sign, similar to a basketball scoreboard. Along the metal gate ran various colorful banners for local businesses.
We walked on until we joined a crowd of onlookers. Weaseling between them, I got a chance to see what everyone was so interested in. Bulls. Lots and lots of bulls. Large, brooding animals with bent heads, flaring nostrils and giant testicles. Sometimes with evil, hard, and jagged horns adorning their blunt heads. 
It was a sight to see.
The beast closest to me faced the crowd. Its shoulder about as high as my chest, the monster looked through his enclosure with a confident, hostile gaze, daring anyone to come within his territory. 
I took a step back.
 “Hey, Jess, how you doin’?” 
Phil stepped beside me--he'd come in the other car. About my age with a blond ponytail, I didn’t mind talking to Phil. He was a bit slow, due to large amounts of a green bud, but still a decent sort of guy. As was everyone in this excursion, he was an honorary member of the crew that ate lunch together.
“Oh hey, Phil. Pretty good. How are you?”
“Doin’ good. Doin’ real good. You excited for the rodeo? First one! I just can’t believe it.” He looked at me with a hazy smile. 
I laughed. “Yes, I am ready to lose my rodeo cherry.”
Phil’s eyes flashed and his face lit up in a hopeful expression. 
John Paul chuckled, stepping beside us. “Easy boy,” he said, looking around me to meet Phil’s eyes. “Being the closest doesn’t give you precedence. Besides, you move so slow you could watch paint dry--gotta be quick for the Californian!”
John Paul aimed a playful punch at Phil, who surprised me by ducking and weaving, firing back a quick retaliation. 
 “Boys!” I yelled in equally good humor. “I might be the oldest one of you two, but I am no babysitter.” I pushed them both away.
 “You ain’t older’n me,” Phil said, stepping back in close. Possibly a little too close. 
John Paul raised his hand. “Guilty. You are ancient.” 
“Oh, nice J.P.!” 
John Paul looked mildly shocked with my choice of nickname, but not displeased, which was a green light to keep using it. It was a fleeting thought. We were in the middle of the burly animals now, all uncommonly still. 
I felt my mind hush, watching them as they were watching me. 
Why were they so still? Were they plotting something? They had a bunch of people roaming around and staring at them. Their new territory was sometimes shared with another dude. I didn’t know bulls, but I did know dogs and men, and both would’ve been barking or fighting. Usually both.
The lack of movement made me nervous. Standing among these brutes was not smart. I could tell.
Lifting my gaze to take in the whole scene, I noticed, at the other opening to this mess of animal testosterone, stood a cowboy with an ass that would not quit! He stood with his arms folded, inspecting a group of five giant bulls. They, too, were still. In evil repose. 
Groping that cowboy's ass with my eyes, I couldn't stop myself from a distraught sigh when he dropped his hands to his sides and turned in the opposite direction. Before he disappeared out of sight, he threw one final glance at those bulls, allowing me to get a peek at his face.
A shot of pure adrenaline pierced my gut and electrified my heart, spreading out to my limbs. My fingers tingled and toes went numb. I couldn't breathe. I nearly peed myself.
Apollo! 
Like a dumb girl, my knees gave out and I missed my step. I kind of tilted and half fell into JP, who was not ready for my weight. He grabbed me as he stumbled toward the nearest bull pen, headed downward.
“Jess…” JP struggled with my clutching hands, needing my weight removed to stand on his own. But I was wearing white; him disentangling at that moment meant I would hit the dirt. Unacceptable.
Phil to the rescue! His hands reached into my armpits, currently drenched with sweat, and, with effort, hoisted me upright. I teetered, clutching his shoulders, until I was sufficiently recovered. Then I gave Phil a smile and grateful nod. Not only was he a savior, but he refrained from wiping his hands on his jeans and making a yeuuck sound. Gentleman.
 “Jessica, you alright?” Phil asked worriedly.
“What the … what is goin’ on Jessica? I am a married man!” JP said, half humorously, but half irritated.
I didn't have time to apologize. My head swiveled back to where that cowboy had disappeared. I needed to get there. To that place. I needed to follow that ass beyond the trailer, with my tongue hanging down my face if need be. 
"Jessica?" Candace asked worriedly.
I spared her a glance. Then realized I was the subject of scrutiny. 
One last check to make sure he was really gone, and not just hiding like a Jack-in-the-box, I turned to my group with an apologetic smile. “S-sorry everyone. Sorry JP. Thanks Phil. I am stupidly clumsy. Sorry about that. I thought I saw someone I knew and stopped paying attention to what I was doing.”
“Jesus, Jessica. I thought they were going to toss you into the bull pen or something.” Candace sighed in relief.
“Candace. Lord’s name...!” JP said with too much hostility.
“Shut up, JP,” she answered, using his new nickname.
“Who did you think you knew? I thought you were new here?” Phil asked as he looked around.
“This guy I half-met at the store the other night. I forgot my money and he paid for my groceries. I never really got to say thank you. He was over there by those big bulls.”
Everyone followed my pointed finger.
Phil groaned, his head tilted back to look at the sky with a smirk on his face. 
“You mean Davies?” JP asked. “The guy who owns those five bulls?” He mimicked my point to clarify.
“I don’t know if he owns those bulls. But Mr. Davies, yeah. I don’t know the first name. Anyway, doesn't matter.” I was strangely desperate to change the subject. 
So was Phil. “Jessica, have you ever seen rodeo bulls up close?” 
He leaned toward me, his arm still half around my waist from the stumbling debacle. His eyes were clearer now than before. I saw little flecks of gold hidden in the depths of brown. 
“Would you guys quit swarming her like a pack of hyenas?" Candace said with sauce as she stepped in, grabbing my arm and tugging. "Jesus, leave her alone, will you?!” 
“Candace, lord’s name in vain ...” JP muttered, slightly bowed, his hands in his pockets.
She rolled her eyes again and led me from the bull area as she said, “New blood, you know? They don’t need courage because you’re one of the group. They have all the time in the world to act like savages. You just have to get tough and tell them to buzz off!”
I smiled. “Got it. I am just really out of my element here.”
 “Hey, where are you two goin’? The broncs are startin’ soon,” Dave yelled.
Candace waved her hand and kept walking. Still arm-in-arm, I followed without complaint. We struggled through the throng of people stuffing their faces with all manner of fried things before my curiosity got the better of me.
“Candace, who is Davies?”
“Willie Davies?”
I shrugged.
“That guy you thought you saw by the bull paddock?”
“Yeah, that guy.”
“That was probably Willie, yeah. He doesn’t ride bulls or anything. Actually, that’s not true. He rides bulls for fun. I don’t think professional bulls like you see here, but easier, less dangerous bulls. His dad wants him to take over the company eventually because the older brother went off and became a lawyer. The older one is really cute! Davies ... everyone just calls him Davies ... Well, Davies is cute, too, but untouchable, you know?"
Seeing that I didn't, she explained. "Just 'cause he's got so much going for him. The older brother ...Thomas is his name ... is a lawyer. That’s about it. I mean, that is a big deal. I’m not saying it isn’t or anything, but it’s just that one thing, and Davies has a bunch more. He has the bulls. He breeds them. He rotates them so they keep with the animal rights stuff and all that. Well, the animal rights people hate rodeos. But the best treated and kept bulls are kept by Davies. And usually the best stock. That’s his own thing. His dad had no part in that.”
Candace was in her element—talking without interruption. She rattled on as she escorted me wherever we were headed, and I let her, rapt in attention. 
“Then you got taking over the business,” she continued, “I‘ve heard that he doesn’t want to, but will. I don’t know. Then he has properties, and a ranch, and lots of livestock, and the whole thing. His dad’s thing is only one part. He’ll probably be wealthy off that and all, but then he’s got a ton of his own stuff that also makes money. Plus he looks good, and I hear he’s real nice. Untouchable, you know?”
Through the long-winded explanation of his person, my heart sank lower and lower. It must be the same guy, I just didn’t know he was on such a high pedestal. The abnormally hot guys who turn your insides to gravy are rare enough. The ones who do that, who are also gentlemen, are about three percent of the population. Add into that the guys who are also successful? My chances equaled non-existent. 
Candace had her worry mask on as we stopped in a beer line. “Geez girl, you look like your cat got run over.”
“My cat ... no, I’m fine. Just hate being told people are better than me.”
Instead of laughing at my hilarious, and true, joke, she said, “Look, we’ll get you a beer, and me a beer, and meet up with everyone else. They’re really nice guys, but they can get to be too much.”
“Yes. Yes, they can.”
She sighed. “Well, they’ll loosen up. Say ‘no’ a few more times and they’ll move on to the next girl.”
Awesome, huge confidence boost, that. I thought sarcastically. 
All she had to do now was throw some dirt in my face and rub ketchup on my white shirt and I'd be all set.
We got our drinks and hit the stands to meet the rest of the crew. I quickly stuffed Candace between me and Dave. I didn't need his hands following his roaming eyes. 
My neighbor on the other side was an older man with a large, handlebar mustache. I gawked in amazement—I couldn’t help it. Black, long, expertly manicured, it was a masterpiece.  You didn’t see that shit often. 
I had my phone out, incognito, and was just about to snap off a picture when he looked down at me.
Ah!
Those shockingly pretty green eyes rooted me to the stands. He stood with a scowl, glaring.
I slipped my phone back into my purse, trying to smile through my grimace.
“Stand up, Jessica!” Candace whispered frantically.
Yeah, right, and have this guy belt me for trying to steal his soul with my smartphone? That’d be the day!
“Oh-oh say can you see—“
I jumped up as if sitting on springs and slapped my hand to my chest. Now I understood the scowl. Only someone with a death wish didn't stand up to the National Anthem in Texas.
Lesson learned.
As the decent singer was ending her montage of national pride, a collection of fine horses with sparkly young women erupted from the opened gates to either side of the structure in the middle of the stadium.
“These are the teen something-or-other,” Candace explained helpfully.
Three pairs of brown horses with their uniformed riders did a lap around the arena with giant American and Texas flags. Their outfits, made with some cheap, heavy material, and fastened with so many rhinestones Elvis would be jealous, sparkled and threw the light, blinding anyone paying attention—which were all the old men.
“What’s up first?” Sara, a girl who hated me and loved Phil, asked after the girls had done a few laps and smiled their way out. The first day I had met her she ignored me entirely. The second day she’d given me a sneer. I had no idea why she wouldn’t talk to me, especially since I’d tried to throw out a conversation starter a couple times, but it didn’t take long to realize that, unlike Candace, she wasn’t planning to be my friend.
“Tie-Down, I think,” Dave answered.
After a long pause and some tongue waving by the announcer, a different gate, directly under the constructed booth—which was a two-story structure—spit out a little calf running like hell. 
“Oh! How cute!” I exclaimed, leaning forward.
A cowboy on a horse erupted through a gate on the far left, in hot pursuit, swinging a lasso over his head. He was fast and practiced, controlling the rope as if he'd been doing this all his life.
When the rider was a couple horse lengths away from the fleeing calf, he gave a mighty lob, the rope flinging in front of him like a web from his wrist. The loop circled the calf’s two back legs, tangled, and snapped taut as the cowboy gave a jerk. 
The horse stopped. Dead stopped. As in, running really fast one second, then standing still the next. It was a great trick for everyone but the poor calf, who was ripped backward. Its front feet, unable to hold, gave out, scraping its face along the ground.
Handlebar-Man was scowling down at me again. Apparently that weird squeal I’d just heard came from me…
As the little calf was flailing, trying to get back up, its back legs tied and held in the air as the horse continued to yank on the rope, the cowboy jumped to the ground and sprinted forward. Once to the struggling calf, he jammed his knee into its neck to keep it put, grabbed its legs, and started tying its feet together. His hands moved at super-sonic speed, round and round the two caught feet, and then to one of the front feet. Round and round, some sort of knot, and the cowboy was up, his hands in the air like he just perfectly landed a gymnast’s vault.
“Oh yeah, good for you, dude. You just got one over on a tiny calf!” I seethed. 
I shot Handlebar a warning glance, promising death if he dared interrupt my bovine crusade. 
It didn’t turn away his glance. 
He wins the stare down. I looked away quickly.
The announcer gave the time and praised the cowboy for his great work at S&M. A ten-gallon smile to match his hat, the cowboy got back on the horse, released the rope, and went on his way, waving to the crowd as he left.
 “Stop snorting, you’re making a scene,” Candace whispered.


Chapter Five



I ignored Candace. You can’t let a little rain ruin your half-hearted protest.
 The calf, seeing its tormentor leaving, tried to get up and walk out. Hard to do when all but one of your legs is tied together. It struggled until two young boys ran in to mess with the rope. It was enough for me. I wasn’t all that into this. I decided to get a beer and maybe ride the Ferris wheel. 
JP interrupted my attempt at standing. 
“What’s up, JP?”
“Just thought I’d come and explain things about this event so you get the full gist of it.”
“Oh. Well that’s okay. I’m not a big history buff. I hear the beer stand calling my name.”
“Just give me a second now.”
The next cowboy caught up with the calf, threw the rope, and only caught one leg this time. Apparently that was bad news, since the crowd made a disapproving groan. I thought getting both feet caught up was bad. The calf now had one leg pulled up at an awkward angle and was trying to scurry away on its remaining three limbs. 
“On the ranch,” JP was saying. “Cows and calves wander the fields with very little restriction. They have some fences here and there to keep them on the property, but many ranches are so big that the animals don’t see those fences often. When it is time for branding--”
I flinched. What’s worse than being hamstrung by a dude and a horse? Having your flesh burned off by hot iron, that’s what. 
“Yeah, branding sucks.” Apparently JP noticed my flinch. “But it isn’t so much worse than a tattoo. And cows have tougher hides than humans ...”
“JP, it’s beer-thirty.”
“Okay, okay. Just listen. When a calf needs medicine or is hurt or something, they need to round it up and get it back to where it can get treatment, right? Well, they aren’t dogs; they don’t come when you call them. So the cowboys gotta go out on the ranch and get ‘em like you see here. They run like hell when you try to catch ‘em, so you gotta rope ‘em, tie ‘em up, and doctor ‘em. It looks worse than it is.”
“It does? Really? When were you running full steam away from someone who caught your feet with a rope and pulled?”
JP gave me a disapproving scowl. “No, it really isn’t as bad as all that.”
I smiled to ease the tension, nodded, and said, “Probably not. But it is just a little much right out of the gate for this non-country girl. My sport is drinking at present, and I would like to get back to that.”
JP sighed and gave the “olé ” gesture. Get along, little doggie. 
Handlebar was probably relieved.
After I had a brew in hand, I wandered through the livestock area and saw the prize animals. I couldn't focus, though. Discolored hay and poop was all my brain registered.
Poop. Eww.
God boomed from the heavens that Team Roping would begin soon. Oh good, one cowboy on a horse wasn’t enough, the poor calf needed to get double-teamed. 
On the way to the Ferris wheel, I noticed a small crowd forming in the bull area.  Hoping some sort of action was afoot, I headed that way. Unfortunately, when I got there, nothing was happening. Just a bunch of guys looking at the monsters. 
As I looked around for the second time, I overheard two cowboys talking about one of bulls. The older one was complimenting the younger one on a great draw. Intrigued, which is a nice way of saying confused, I stepped up to the bull in question.
Its large head slowly swayed in my direction. As if in comment to its audience, it gave a loud grunt. It sounded like a dragon! I immediately backed up. It had me locked in a stare off with a slightly lowered head. I did not wish to die today.
 “The smaller ones aren’t always easier, if that’s what you’re thinking.” 
My insides felt like champagne popping a cork.
 It was said right behind me, from someone obviously experienced in ninja warfare, because I’d thought the only people near were the ones I was eavesdropping on! 
Jumping with the scare, I must have cleared the ground and convulsed at the same time, but the thing that had people looking my way was my high-pitched scream.
The rest of my beer—that which wasn’t all over my shirt—sloshed over my arm as I whipped around. Ready to do serious damage, I looked up into the clear blue of the Caribbean. Those eyes sparkled and ignited, catching my look and sucking me in.
And by him, of course I meant Apollo.
He grabbed my arms with two large hands and practically lifted me back into a standing position. Being that he exerted very little effort, I felt lighter than I did earlier when the other boys practically fell over me instead of standing me up. 
After I was steady, he let me go and stepped back. The space let me focus, mentally brushing clouds out of my thoughts. He was every bit as handsome as I remembered. Maybe more so. He was clean shaven today, but he still gave off a manliness to his better than model appearance.
“Sorry if I scared you, ma’am. I always do that it seems.” He fluttered my heart with a gleaming smile.
My undergarments got soggy.
“S-sorry…” I cleared my throat in a nonchalant kind of way and tried again. “Sorry about your shirt.” 
He didn’t bother to look down at his wet chest. I wasn’t that disciplined. Then I couldn’t look away. I was right about pecs. His wet shirt accented two famously sculpted masterpieces that deserved tongue play. Half his stomach was flat and ripped, each abdominal muscle defined. The other half wasn’t wet, and I’d run out of beer. Talk about finishing early!
“It’s all right,” he said in good humor. “No harm, no foul. I saw you checking out the bulls and thought I would come over and say hello and see if you had any questions.”
Will you marry me?
 “I thought I saw you earlier near those big bulls in the corner. Are yours those? I mean, uh, those yours?” I pointed to the larger five bulls, trying to direct his probing gaze away from my tomfoolery.
He looked where I was pointing and then back at me. He spared a glance for my drenched clothes. “Yes, those are mine. Do you need a shirt? I’m sure I have a spare one in my trailer.”
I looked down at the mess that was me. I really knew how to make an impression. “Oh no, I’m okay. It will dry in no time. Thanks, though.”
As soon as the words cleared my mouth I wanted to punch myself in the face. I just passed up a chance to go back with him to his trailer! 
Trying to keep him here and undo my stupidity, I asked, “What... Ah, what were you saying about the small bulls?”
He was studying me with a blank face. I could feel myself flush. I still wasn’t able to look at him without all my nerves feeling like live wires running through my body. His eyebrows were black like his hair and a little bushy. Not as bad as Colin Farrell, but it gave his piercing blue eyes a dramatic depth.
His nose was straight and strong with high cheekbones and a square jaw. His skin was bronzed, as a sun God should be. With the breadth of his shoulders and trim waist, I wondered how he didn’t fall over when he shifted his weight. What’s more, he was a man’s man. There was a masculine quality about him that made me want to faint at his feet. Unlike the model and actor boys in L.A., it was refreshing to meet a man as devastatingly handsome as this without feeling like he was more woman than I was. If his brother got the looks, that guy must hurt the eyes.
“The small bulls, yes ma’am.” He turned his attention to a smallish brindle bull in front of us. “This one here probably weighs about 1000 - 1500 pounds. There are smaller animals on the ranch, but this is a small bull for the circuit. The cowboy you were looking at is young with very little experience. He’s thinking he got lucky today because of the size. He thinks small means an easy ride.”
I had to bite my tongue so I didn’t spit out a sexual pun. Instead, I said, “What do you mean by drawing?”
He looked at me in confusion. “Is this your first rodeo?”
I blushed. “Yes. Sorry, I should have warned you. Yeah, this is my first one. I wasn’t impressed by the roping thing.”
He laughed a deep, throaty laugh. “Was that the reason for the scowl? I wondered why everyone kept looking at you.” He laughed again.
The world paused as those words sank in. On one hand, he’d noticed me in the stands! Joy! On the other hand, it meant I was probably more expressive in my dislike than I thought. Oops!
But he noticed me!
“Probably why they were looking at me, yeah,” I muttered, hiding my face.
He was still chuckling. “Did anyone explain why that event is in the rodeo? Everything here has a purpose. Every event is taken from life on a ranch. Well, except bull riding, maybe. That is taken from life on the ranch, but of the drunken variety.”
“Someone tried to explain the roping.”
“The calves aren’t hurt in that event. No animal is hurt in any of these events. Discomfort sometimes, but not hurt.”
“How do you know? Have you ever been running at full speed when someone roped you from behind?” That argument seemed to work with JP, so I thought I would stick to it.
“Well yes, actually.” He was smiling. “My brother was training a horse. He’d been working with barrels, but when he saw me, he decided to go for the live target.  I saw him coming and ran like hell!” He laughed, reliving the moment. “I was nowhere near fast enough. My brother ran me down, caught both my feet perfectly, pulled and strapped the rope to Hemlock—that was his horse at the time. 
“You see, horses will take direction, but for something as intricate as chasing down animals, then keeping the rope taut when you’ve caught one—well, that takes a lot of training and patience. It’s important to get it right. You have to make sure you don’t hurt the calf. To make sure it takes the least amount of time possible. That’s why this event is timed. The faster the better for this event, and for life on the ranch.”
By the end, I could see the passion in his eyes. He cared about this stuff; about daily operations on a ranch, getting it right and doing it well. I had a feeling it didn’t matter what it was; if he was doing something, he put his all behind it. I respected that.
I also dipped right back into the naughty pool. Hard to help myself when standing so close to a freaking hunk.
He held my gaze for a moment, probably waiting to see if I was following along, before continuing. “Anyway, my brother’s horse was still being trained, so he wasn’t great at the discipline of applying just the right amount of pressure. You see, you don’t want to leave slack, because the calf will get away, possibly hurting itself in the process. Pull too hard, though, and the little critter is dragged across the dirt. Also bad. You gotta get it ju-ust right. And Hemlock, my brother’s horse, didn’t. My brother got my feet, slapped my face in the dirt, then started dragging’ me across the ranch! So, yes ma’am, I certainly know what it’s like. Can’t say I liked it too well, but it didn’t actually hurt.”
I was again struck dumb by his smile. All I could manage was, “Hmmmm.”
“Well anyway, about the bulls. Some of the littler bulls, like this one here, can twist and turn and move around in ways to buck off the rider. Some of the stronger bulls try to only use their strength to get the rider off. They don't twist and move all that much because of their raw power. And mostly, that does work. But all you have to do in that situation is hold on. Get your strength up, and it’s doable. Never easy, make no mistake. But sometimes doable.”
“So this one isn’t strong, but wily.”
“Wily?”
“Yeah, wily. Clever.”
He chuckled and put on an English accent. “Yes, wily is the correct descriptor.”
Definitely educated. But then, with all that stuff that Candace said, he would have to be, wouldn’t he?
 Poo.
“So that kid is going to expect an easy ride, and get a surprise?”
“I’ll talk to him before then. The worst thing you can do in bull riding is ever expect an easy ride. Even the smallest bulls can give you a jolt. You always have to be prepared or you can really get hurt. You’ll see later. These animals seem like they can’t move all that fast now because of their size, but you’ll be surprised at their temper and how fast they move when pushed.”
“Yeah, I got a friend like that. So, your beasts are the raw power, just hang on, variety?”
His eyes squinted as he looked at me, a frown creeping into the contours of his face. He glanced toward his bulls, but without actually seeing them. Something was bothering him. 
Before I could backtrack, or even figure out which part of the conversation I inserted my foot, he started walking toward his bull pen. A slight shake of head had his anxiety melting, a mischievous look taking over. Naturally I followed.
 “I bred that stock myself,” he said as we neared. “Animal breeding is a hobby of mine. They have power, yes. But they have their share of wily as well. You can’t ever tell which direction they’re gonna turn. The biggest bull,” he pointed to a giant black bull almost my height, “can turn directions so fast, and with so much force, you get whipped off and hope your arm came with you. He’s a mean one.”
“My goodness, is that a smug smile you have there, sir?” 
He winked at me. My spine went to jelly. 
“This is the first rodeo for these bulls,” he said as he looked over his stock. “I’m not sure they’ll perform how they should. This is their trial run.”
“And if it goes well?”
“I take ‘em to the bank. Big rodeos, hopefully, like in Houston. Let ‘em circuit a while, then stud ‘em out."
“Success.”
His smile ate away my stomach like acid. “Exactly.”
We held eyes for a silent beat, before he said, “I’ve been rude. I’m William. Or Willie, if you prefer.”
I stuck out my hand. “Jessica.”
“And you’re from California?”
“Accent give me away? Or was it my constant scowl?”
“A lot of women scowl when they first see calves fall.” His twinkling eyes melted my pants. “No. There aren’t many secrets in this town.”
“I didn’t realize it was that small.”
“You’d be surprised.” A cloud passed over his face again. 
I wondered if he was a bit moody. Not that I’d kick him out of bed for it. Or for anything, actually. Hell, I might have to chain him to keep him put after I tricked him in there in the first place.
To keep things moving, I changed the subject. “What else do you tamper with?”
He didn’t shift gears as fast as I did. His eyes still delved into me intently. I felt that pull again, from the center of my being. Like he was reeling me in with his presence alone. I blinked a couple times, trying to clear my head before I did something weird or embarrassing. Suddenly there was a very tight feeling in my groin. Tight and wet. 
Oh lord.
“Tamper with?” His voice was wispy.
 “Tamper with. You know, play God with. Take over for Mother Nature. I think you called it ... breeding?” 
His eyes grounded, digesting what I said. Suddenly, his face lit up in a smile that nearly knocked me off my feet. 
When was I going to get used to his charisma? Surely I have not always been such a buffoon around pretty people. I wasn’t even this bad when I met Brad Pitt at a club in his really hot days.
It was probably because of his moods. Up, down, sideways, the guy had me on a carnival ride of expectation. And I liked it.
“I breed dogs. blue heeler and--”
“Willie!” 
Eyes snapping into the most focused I’d seen them since he started talking to me, he looked off in the direction of the shout. When he turned back to me, it was with regret. “I’m sorry, I’m needed. We’ll have to continue our lesson another time.” He winked and walked away. 
The butt on him just wouldn’t quit!
He abruptly turned, catching me staring at his butt. With a knowing smile, he said, “Oh, and before the day is through I will amend your drinking problem.” He nodded to my empty plastic cup.  “I wouldn’t want you to say I spilled your drink and didn’t refill your cup.” He gave me a smile and a nod before he was gone.
I mentally wiped the drool off my chin.
Back at the beer line, my head was drifting. I went over every word we spoke in detail. Every look. Every weird change of mood. I dissected everything, as one did with a new crush, and figured that the weird ups and downs were probably stress. He had a lot going on, and my yapping at him wasn’t helping.
Good talk, though. He might be unreachable, but I had touched him!
Tee hee!
“Excuse me, ma’am?” 
It took me a second to realize the words were directed at the side of my head.
A decent-looking man stood next to me, awaiting my attention. 
“Yes?” 
“Well, it’s just that I was wonderin’ what you was laughin’ at?” His lips curved into a smile. 
The only reason I could fathom him caring was to get me into bed. Still, he was attractive—I didn’t want to be rude.
“Oh, nothing. Just thinking.”
I turned my gaze, nonchalantly of course, to a man flopping around on the back of a wildly bucking horse in the middle of the arena. He didn’t have a saddle, and the way his legs were pumping into the air, he looked like an upside-down leap frog. “Why does he kick the horse as he hangs on?” 
“Well, now, why don’t you just come right down over here and I’ll explain to ya.”
“You don’t have to be so formal about sitting, but okay.” 
I followed him to the stands. Once seated, he slid a little closer until his thigh was brushing mine. I noticed what must be his friends off to the side, sitting in a group and looking down at us with smirks. 
I rolled my eyes. I hated when boys ruined a good moment by trying to show off for their friends. Plus, there were a lot of them, they were strangers, there was beer flowing, and I was alone. This was not a good situation for me to be in. It was probably time to go find my married friend. 
“I must ask you, darlin’, why you look like yer sweatin’ like a whore in church?”
My brain stuttered a moment. All I heard was sweat and whore.
About ready to tell him where he could shove it, I noticed his eyes glance down at my damp shirt.
Ah, the spilled beer.
Still, what the hell?
 “Yeah, I spilled some beer on myself," I answered, looking away with disinterest. "Well, someone scared me, and I spilled on myself and him.”
“Ain’t that a bitch, huh? An’ he didn’t buy ya another?”
“No. Well, anyway, I should—“
 “Well, I am a far better gentleman than that,” he cut me off, leaning closer, wanting to keep my attention. “But it ‘pears you already got one so we’ll go back to bareback ridin’, though it’s about done now.”
I did a double take, exit strategy momentarily forgotten. “Did you say bareback riding?”
His eyebrows creased as he nodded.
 I looked back at the arena in slight disbelief, laughter bubbling up.  “You call it ... you said ... you call it bare back riding!” I was doubling over in hysterics. It wasn’t really this funny-- oh wait, in the land of the homophobe, it was. It was really this funny.
I calmed down and caught him looking back at his friends. When his gaze came back to rest on me with a halfcocked smile, I explained, “Where I come from, we refer to bare-backing as a ...well, two dudes going at it without…ah ... a raincoat.”
Confusion turned to disgust and he turned away. This shouldn’t have shocked me. Many men couldn’t handle speaking about gay men. I knew this. Gay women, oh yeah, they were all ears. It was a stupid double-standard that irritated me. But my disquiet grew exponentially with the level of hate and revulsion on this guy’s face. He wasn’t merely uncomfortable, he was remembering where his white sheet and pointed hat were kept. Time to go.
 “No. That ain’t at all what we have here. Not. At. All.” He tried to cover smoothly. About as smooth as a tidal wave.
“Right. Got it. Anyway, I should probably get back to my friends.” 
He moved a little closer. “Oh no, you can’t leave before the barrel racing. Then the bull riding. You don’t have any double meanings for those, I hope?”
“Oh no, all clean there, but my friends are waiting for me.” I got up to leave. 
His fingers closed around my wrist and brought me back down with a jarring bump. Warning bells started blaring through my head, momentarily leaving me speechless. We were in a public spot, albeit slightly removed. He couldn’t very well do anything here. Not without someone noticing. My friends noticing, who must have missed me about now. 
Just as I was deciding how to proceed, I was jerked up by the shoulders from behind.
Cue friends, right in time.
“Ready to go, Jess?” JP’s eyes were trained on the blond guy I was talking to.
He stood slowly, his eyes taking on a vicious edge that said he wasn’t the kind of guy to stand down when his party got busted up. His friends all stood with him.
Phil stepped forward, seeing a fight brewing. Dave's eyes were darting back and forth, sweat standing out on his face. He was planning an exit strategy. If a fight went down, it wouldn’t be five against three, it would be five big guys, against two smallish ones. And some girls. Not good.
I really wished Lump was with me right then. She would know what to do.
Taking a deep breath, I moved to the middle of the two factions, my back to the arena. I really hoped I didn’t get pushed, because I would fall down eight steps, backwards. I had to step in, though, I was the only speed bump to violence. I hope.
“Alright, just calm down, okay? I was leaving, anyway,” I started in a calm voice, hands out in front of me.
“Says who?” the blond guy said with claws embedded in his words. His eyes raked down my front.
I heard rustling. One of the boys was about to prove that testosterone made men stupid.  Seriously, what could this clown do? Kidnap me? Rape me? It was the middle of the day, in the middle of some stands, with witnesses everywhere. Everyone needed to just scale it back a notch!
Which was exactly what I opened my mouth to say, when suddenly I was airborne. A second later, my teeth clicked when my feet hit the level a step lower. Only then did I register I’d been bodily moved out of harm’s way by a freaking titan.
A large body stepped in front of me, blocking me from danger. My legs started to wobble, knowing who it was immediately by the shivers and numbing knees. 
“Don’t fall, it’s a bumpy ride down,” a short guy said to my right, his hand lightly touching my upper arm to make sure I didn’t do a swan dive. 
I tried to struggle my way back to the front lines, but as I moved around the protective body blocking my way, William reached out a large arm to keep me back.
“Dusty, git the hell outta here. We don’t need yer kind ‘round here!” Apollo’s friend said with a thick Texan accent. I couldn’t see the guy over the expanse of back in front of me.
 “Ain’t you got nuthin’ better ta do, Adam? This ‘as got nuthin’ to do with you,” Dusty said, cool as a spring day. 
 “Hell, Dusty, you always got sumthin’ ta do wit’ me. You’re always causing trouble at my parties. Now, why is that do ya reckon?” 
“Your parties? That right? I got no beef with you, Adam. Nor you, Davies. I just wanted to settle a little dispute with my friend here.” 
Dusty’s body crested William’s in my line of sight, stepping toward JP and Phil. I only got a glimpse, though, because William shadowed him, irritatingly lodging himself back in my line of sight.
“Now Dusty,” Adam went on, “you know we ain’t gonna let no fight happen in here. We got some bulls to run and we can’t have no trouble.”
Judging by William’s movement, Dusty took a few steps back toward his friends. He wanted the numbers. He was probably weighing his odds and his group’s willingness. Finally, after what was probably a stare-off, Dusty said, “Why don’t you let the lady decide? We was havin’ ourselves a nice little chat ‘afore you all showed up.”
Bodies parted slightly as William angled his body, moving just his substantial width of shoulder. A glare of hatred hit me as I met Dusty’s eyes. A creepy smile slithered up his face.
“I’ll be seein’ you around, darlin.”
My foot took an involuntary step back with the force of his glower, catching the bench, throwing my balance off kilter. As I teetered, arms wind-milling, Adam and William were already in action. 
As Adam said, “That about does it.”  They had him clutched between them, jerking him around by the arms and shirt, forcing him roughly down the stairs.



Chapter Six



A mountain stepped in front of me. I saw one and a half things. The first was the mountain range. And it was huge. 
Six-foot-four at least, he towered over me. Huge broad back, tree trunk arms supporting more than one tattoo, and not an ounce of fat that I could see, he was a giant brick of solid muscle.
Behind him was the half of crowd, shifting and sticking hands in pockets, left in Dusty’s wake. The other half was probably there, too, but damned if I could see them around the mammoth in front of me.
The boys got a look at him and shrugged. They lost the desire to fight almost immediately, choosing instead to skulk off down the stands. I didn’t blame them.
Andre-the-freaking-Giant turned to me. “You alright? We wasn’t gonna let him hurt ya.”
I smiled in relief. “Thanks a million! I really appreciate it!” Then, thinking I might offend my crew, I added, “We definitely needed the numbers. Candace and I wouldn’t have been much help, and these guys were only three against five. Or was it six?”
The giant looked around at the guys I came with. Then the littler dude stepped up, smiling like the whole thing was some big joke. Little did he know, the joke was the two of them standing side-by-side. A short, wiry guy and a thick tree trunk of a man. I was sure there was a cartoon somewhere made of this pair.
The little guy stuck out his hand. “Hi. My name’s Clayton. People call me Ty.”
He had a lower voice than I would have thought. It was quite low, actually. No accent, either. He had trimmed eyebrows, a short nose that had been broken a couple times and not set properly, and dark brown eyes. His hair looked shaggy but it was hard to tell because he had a Yankees ball cap on. 
“Oh, hi. My name is ... ah ... Jessica.” I smiled and sighed. “Sorry, my adrenaline is up.”
He smiled back, showing a pretty smile marred by a couple chipped teeth. “No harm, Jessica.”
He scanned the area, completely at ease. His gaze touched each of the boys, Sara for a half second longer, then lingered on Candace. 
 “Oh sorry, these are my friends ...” 
Ty nodded with each introduction, but paid special attention to Candace, who responded with an embarrassed look at the ground. I smirked.
Ty turned to the mountain.  “This is Moose. Well, his real name is Carl, but we call him Moose.”
 “Did you say Carl, or Lennie?” I quipped, then instantly regretted it. I hoped no one would catch on that Lennie was the large, lumbering “Of Mice and Men” character that had the strength of three men, but the brains of a flower pot. 
Ty looked at me with a furrowed face. 
Please don’t get the reference. Please don’t get the reference! 
JP, jelly to my peanut butter, tried to stifle his chuckle so as not to give me away, but Ty caught it. He looked back at Moose for two beats, before he doubled over, screaming with laughter. His body heaved, hands on his stomach, guffawing in the stands. Everyone else, not having got the joke—story of my life—adopted the crooked grins and random chuckles usual when someone was laughing so hard tears were coming out of his eyes.
After a moment, when Ty got his bearings, he straightened up, took a look at Moose, was received with a “What’d I miss?” and then doubled over again. 
 “What’s up?” Adam asked, coming up the bleachers, Apollo following along behind. 
Ty just pointed at me, shook his head, and said, “Better watch her.” 
The barrel racing was finished and people were getting ready for the next event, which was bull riding. Judging by the crowd, this was the highlight of the day. 
Adam, Moose and lastly Apollo followed Ty down the stands. I walked to JP and was just about to say a big thank you to all the boys when Ty yelled up, in a thick, cartoon-like accent, “Hey! Ain’t y’all comin’?” 
All four of the retreating men stopped at ground level. Adam asked, “Y’all want to watch the bull fights from our gate? Ty here’s gonna ride.” 
I shot a startled glance at lit-up faces. Dave looked like he was going to pee himself he was so excited. Candace looked really red, (haha!) and JP was looking at me intensely. 
Before I could ask JP why the scrutiny, we heard, “I still owe you a beer.” 
My feet were moving before my brain could process the wonderful tickle down my spine. Which was actually bad news, because while it felt like I was floating, what I was actually doing was stumbling. After a walk in which JP basically escorted me like a senior citizen with a cane, the procession stopped beside a white, new-looking trailer attached to a gigantic, shiny, midnight-blue truck. One of the truck tires came up to my mid-thigh! I had seen a lot of this sort of thing in the parking lot, but not quite this glossy. Did rich rednecks exist?
“Like it?” Apollo asked beside me as the others wandered toward the arena fence. 
“Uh ... it’s fine. I dunno. Why?”
He turned his gaze on me. “It looked like you were inspecting the truck.”
“Oh. Well, it’s big. Tall, I mean. You know, the tires. Is there a reason it is this big? Tall? How do people actually get into it?”
 “Very carefully.” He smirked. 
“How old are you?” I asked with sarcasm.
He looked surprised and shuffled his feet. 
“Because of that joke, I mean,” I said in a hurry. I didn’t want the guy thinking I was planning to stalk him or anything. I was, but I didn’t want to be anticipated. “My grandparents used that one all the time...”
He threw his head back and laughed. “Ah. Got it. Yeah, mine did, too. Guess it fits.”
“Is this your trailer?”
“Yup.”
“It’s nice. Big. It looks luxurious.”
“Luxurious?”
“Yeah, like on ‘Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous, Country Edition.’ It looks like a yacht on wheels.”
He laughed again and grabbed my hand, starting toward it.
I soared at his touch! His hand was coarse, but gentle. In size, it was like a Kodiak bear paw compared to mine. What affected me most was the electric current running through his skin, my hand, and directly into my mid-section, collecting in a puddle of sex in my groin. My lady bits answered with a purr. 
With a fluttering stomach, I allowed him to lead, stopping shoulder-to-shoulder in front of the trailer door. He looked at me with a huge smile, as if I was still included in the joke, his flawless features closer than they had yet been. 
My brain shut off, allowing my animalistic senses to fully feel the connection that body contact afforded. I was mesmerized. All my focus was on him; on his impossibly broad, beefy shoulders; on the muscles moving in his arm as he held my hand; on his deep blue, glittering eyes.
His brow scrunched up as his smile slipped, his eyes roaming my face. The deep blue became hypnotizing as they looked deeply into mine. Into me. They started to pull me in, reaching ever deeper into the center of my being. It felt like he physically clutched my soul with his dominating presence. The world condensed into that one moment, my spectra of view down to this one person and the proximity of his radiating body.
I got light-headed. My feet felt like they were lifting off the ground. The only thing I could focus on was that touch. His hand on mine. The searing heat in my groin. The angel kisses on my heart. The overwhelming urge to fall into him.
His hand gently squeezing now. Shaking slightly? 
Suddenly, without warning, a void replaced feelings so powerful I didn’t feel grounded. Cold air replaced his warm hand. Sunlight replaced his well-built body. It was like the world went from an explosion of color, to white-washed. 
He had stepped away, and was now looking around us distractedly. The hand that had been holding mine was in his pocket. He cleared this throat and wiped his nose.
Well, that killed the mood.
I looked around us too, figuring someone called his name or had a damn good reason for ruining the perfect moment. To my horror, I didn’t see anything or anyone with a vengeful vendetta. I blinked a couple times, and then shook my head like a wet dog wanting to be dry. 
Then I laughed. I couldn’t help it! What just happened was just so intense! I wasn’t even sorry it ended. Not really. Having never felt anything like that before, I almost vowed to give up drinking. In the next thought, I almost vowed to drink forever if I would feel that over and over when I got close to him.
Chuckles still coming, the seriousness of life and my current situation completely forgotten, I noticed that he was now looking at me with the cutest lopsided smile I have ever seen. He looked halfway between an embarrassed little boy and a confident, grown man. It was so odd and so endearing that I laughed all the harder, jubilant. Loving the crazy awkwardness of the situation. 
I was so far out of my league it wasn’t funny. But guess what, those were thoughts for L.A.. Here, at a rodeo with a bunch of cowboys, how could I possibly give two shits, when fitting in would be as easy as keeping a tan in Ireland?
I laughed all the harder; big body-wracking chuckles. Not ladylike, but I didn't care. I wiped the streaming tears out of my eyes, and tried to gain control. I leaned up against the trailer and fanned my face with a sweaty hand. 
I looked over at William with a Please forgive me! smile. He smiled back and gestured for me to enter the trailer ahead of him. No contact. Safer.
“Willie, it’s about t—“
Adam, standing a few paces away, was cut off by a booming voice over the loud speaker.
“We might have to continue this another time. The bull riding is about to begin,” William said as he motioned for me to follow him to the side of the ring. 
Easily hiding my disappointment in a blasé attitude, I moseyed over to Candace, who was waiting for me with an excited smile. “Ty is going to ride! Isn’t he cute?”
“What is with the nickname? How does one go from Clayton…to Ty?” 
She shrugged. “I didn’t get to talk to him very long ‘cause he had to go ride. He drew one of Davies’ bulls. It looked like he was getting really nervous. They are sure big. I hope he’s okay.” She turned back to the arena.
 “S’cuse me, ladies?" William stepped closer to the arena fence, "I thought I might talk you through what bull riding is about. Just so you don’t get the wrong idea about it.” 
In reality, I didn’t much care, but to him, I was all ears. And body parts if he wanted to demonstrate …
“Why is your face red?” Candace asked me with a mother’s concern. “Are you hot? Do you want some shade from the trailer? I can move over..."
 “If you can see,” William, head turned toward the rider on a bull, missed the naughty thoughts on my face. “Right now the rider is getting ready in the chute. He sits on the bull and wraps his hand into the bull rope.” 
“Chute, as in … slide?” I asked, not quite sure how the rider and bull got from their makeshift prison into the spacious arena.
William turned his whole body and stared down at me for a blank-faced moment.
“Yeah, that was a dumb question, my bad.”
“I’ll say,” Adam mumbled from the other side of William, watching the rider get ready.
“A chute can be a slide, yes.” William‘s eyes sparkled while his words mocked. “Also a cascade, channel, shaft…”
“I said it was a dumb question—“
William laughed, turning back. “Okay, here we go.” 
Someone yelled, followed by a loud, metallic clang. The fence swung into the arena, allowing the confined beast to burst out into the space with a weirdly bouncing cowboy on his back.
“Why the hand in the air?” I asked over the din. 
The hand not roped in to the bull’s back was high up, over his head, sometimes swinging, sometimes knifing the air. 
“Balance,” William said, relaxing somewhat against the fence. 
“He doesn’t have much of it. He won’t make—“ Adam stopped talking as the cowboy whipped down, over the bull’s back, then sorta tumbled off and landed flat on his back.
 “Gate’s dirty, Jessica, and you are wearing white!”
I ignored Candace as the cowboy scrambled up and hightailed it to the side of the enclosure. The bull, rid of his charge, did a couple more jumps before it got bored and jogged to another gate newly opened. That was probably the way back to his pen.
“That was a pretty anti-climactic ride, but it gives me an opportunity to talk about points." William turned to face me again.  
Speak away, good sir, while I ogle you!  I stared at his handsome face, pretending to be in rapt attention.
“The judges will give points to the rider based on the style of the ride; how in sync the rider was with the bull, if he was in balance, things like that. The bull gets points for how hard a ride they gave the rider. If they throw the rider off before eight seconds, they give the bull points for that. So the rider gets extra points if he stays on a hard bull.”
“So he didn’t do too well with points,” I surmised, still staring.
“No, and neither did the bull for that ride.”
“Um hum …” I was leaning against the gate, fist under my chin, gawking for all I was worth. To continue my pleasant occupation, I asked, “And how come you don’t ride?”
Every line in William’s body tensed. He took a small step back from my stare. “I used to. You have to understand—the smaller riders have it better. The best bull riders have been smaller men. They have a smaller center of gravity for the bull to whip around. It's hard to explain if you don’t know the sport...” 
“Probably dangerous, too, right? And you have all your breeding and stuff going on…”
 “Correct,” William said grudgingly. “Excuse me.” 
I got a hard glare from Adam before he shook his head and looked back toward the chute.
“What’d I say?” I wondered quietly to Candace. “That’s just common sense, right?”
“I don’t know, but I wouldn’t bring that up anymore.”
“Well obviously yeah. But now I’m curious…”
The gate swung open. Everyone leaned forward.
Nothing happened. The bull was in a Zen trance. It didn’t mind the crowd, didn’t care about the minuscule weight of a small-statured rider, and didn’t feel like running around a dusty arena in front of a bunch of yahoos! I totally got where it was coming from.
“Now they are going to prod it,” Candace whispered.
“What does that mean?” 
My eyes following a lanky man in a giant cowboy hat as he walked up to the small enclosure with the bull. He carefully raised a long stick and threaded it through the bars. The crowd directly around him peeled away, giving him room to work.
 “Prodding means they’re going to—“
I could hear the sound of an angry bee right before the bull jolted, bumping forward and hitting its horns against the metal. A second prod had the bull moving all around, emitting loud, angry, male cow sounds. Moooooorrrrrrrrrraaaaahhhhhhh!!! Bull speak for, “I am going to plot revenge and kill you all just as soon as I get out of this jail cell!”
This time, ripped out of its Zen trance, the bull blazed out of the gate, flying around the oval space with hooves flying. The cowboy, hand up, body more orchestrated than the last guy, was hanging on for dear life.
William and Adam were both leaning against the ring yelling “C’mon! C’mon! Almost got it! Almost got it! HANG ON!”
I swear, men would scream encouragement at anything. In a bar watching a football game it was like a pack of angry, hairy cheerleaders yelling hoarsely for “their” team to perform.
I bet dudes would go around life yelling for performance if they could get away with it: “Yeah, way to pack those groceries! In-the-bag!” Or, “C’mon—wash the car, man! You missed a spot! Damn it! You missed—ah, man! It’s right there! Are you BLIND?! UN-be-lieve-able!”
Chuckling to myself, a buzzer sounded from the judges’ two-level podium. Everybody cheered. But we weren’t done yet. The bull was pissed and eight seconds didn’t mean jack now that its anger was up.
The cowboy untied his hand, which was a hasty, frantic endeavor, and threw a leg over the bull’s back. He would try for a mid-air dismount. 
It worked out to be a mid-air fling, his body sailing head-over-ass onto the ground.
“Ouch,” I commented.
The cowboy scrambled up in a wave of dust and started running. Right for us!
“Oh my God, not this way!” I shouted, waving my arms in mayday.
The rider must have heard me, or realized the bull had better things to do than chase him, because one harried look over his shoulder had him slowing down and changing his flight plan off to the right.
“Jesus,” I breathed with my hands on my hips. “That was close, huh?”
“Not this way?” Adam asked with a smirk, leaning on the fence so he could look at me around William. 
I looked at Adam closely for the first time. He had dark hair and eyes and a chiseled face. He wasn’t as good looking as William, although not many men were, but he was striking. Where William had a manly, ruggedly handsome face, Adam had more of a magazine model’s airbrushed appearance. He wasn’t effeminate by any stretch of the imagination, but he was textbook good-looking with straight features, brooding brown eyes, and almost baby-faced characteristics. He would be the next boy-toy if he were in the movies. Harder for the older dames to grab a hold of, but young women and gay men would go crazy.
“Well, yeah, right?" I answered. "I didn’t sign up to be gored by a bull!” 
Adam huffed out a laugh and shook his head. 
“Alright,” William said, avoiding my gaze. Moose moved up behind him, both men looking excited yet anxious. “The first of mine is up.”
“What, the first bull?” I asked, noticing a rider gingerly climbing into the chute and atop an enormous beast.
“No, the first dog,” Adam said sardonically. 
William gave Adam a strange expression I couldn’t dissect. A second later it was wiped away as a commotion sounded.
The rider’s butt had just touched down on the bull’s back when the beast started thrashing. Since the enclosure was only slightly bigger than the animal’s body, there wasn’t much the bull could do besides crush the rider’s legs. Apparently that was plenty. The rider climbed out of the enclosure so fast it looked like God had pushed fast-forward on His DVR.
 “He didn’t do this at the ranch ...” William said to Adam, pushing toward the fence again, and gloriously closer to me. I didn’t move away from his arm brushing mine. That small contact felt like a match to light the sparklers in my groin.
“I hope Ty doesn’t get a big one like that!” Candace said with a grimace.
Hearing Candace’s voice, a thought occurred to me. “Hey, where were those outlets you were talking about?” 
“Dang, Jess, do you have A.D.D.?” JP said in exasperation.
I leaned forward to flash JP a frown around Candace. He was next to Phil and the fence, looking nervous and uncomfortable. They had drinks, which meant that when I was staring with googly eyes at William, they were off treating themselves to the pride of the rodeo—a beer. The nerve!
“It’s Davies’ bull, pay attention!” JP hissed.
A grating sound, which meant the gate was opening, pinged through the arena, followed by screams. My attention was ripped away from JP, witty retort dying on my lips, as a bull surged out of the gate, cowboy clinging desperately to its back. I had thought the other bulls were powerful, but they were nothing compared to this monster! The bull bucked so high it had time to whip its whole body around. Huge, powerful bursts from one position to the next, had the cowboy looking for the eject button. His legs peeled off, stuck, peeled off, whipped around, stuck once more. 
“His hand is loose,” Adam commented after the fourth buck. 
Don’t know how he caught it, what with the cowboy being five feet in the air and vertical, while the bull had just landed. Master of observation, that one.
The little body landed with a dusty thud. Limbs slapped the ground and bounced, as did his head. Everybody groaned. 
The kid didn’t have time to feel sorry for himself.
“The bull’s after ‘em!” Moose yelled, pushing forward. 
It was a race, bull versus human. My hands clutched the gate so hard it was cutting off circulation. 
As the bull ran the kid down, about there, dusting the kid's pumping legs with hot breath, a freaking clown in a cowboy hat popped out of a barrel, waving a flag in the bull’s face as it raced by.
“What the hell?” I squinted to make sure I wasn’t hallucinating.
The bull caught the movement—since it almost got stabbed in the eye—and slowed, confused. Chase the man running, or figure out what the hell is up with the cowboy clown guy, hiding in a freaking barrel in the middle of a rodeo. I would have a tough time with that one, too.
“He’s there to distract the bull and keep the rider safe. There are three of them,” William said to my right, eyes riveted to his bull.
“Okay, but, how come this is the first time I am seeing one? Where have they been?”
“Popping up and down. Walking around. Helping out. You probably didn’t notice  because of your A.D.D., like your friend said.” 
“Oh ha ha. Everyone’s a comic.”
Adam turned to a smiling William. “Well, he showed well.”
“Yeah, he did. What a relief! I’m sure the bull got some good points on that ride, short as it was.”
“Why does he need points?” I asked, thinking of heading for a beer.
 “If the bull gets a good score, he’ll get promoted to higher-paying rodeos. This bull’ll hopefully go all the way. They all will, knock on wood.” 
Adam knocked on the post in front of him. Which was metal. 
Rolling my eyes at his idiocy, I knocked on my wooden head to level out his folly.
“Jessica,” JP said behind me.
 “That’s my name, don’t wear it out.” 
“Good one,” he said without conviction. “We gotta go.”
 “Where?”
“Home. Apparently Dave has a date. I don’t know where he found her, but he apparently has one.” 
“Ty hasn’t ridden yet!” Candace exclaimed. Then turned bright red.
I snickered at her before taking stock of the situation. I wasn’t totally into this rodeo thing, but I was totally into this Greek god thing. 
“We can take ‘em home,” Moose said out of nowhere. 
Adam studied Moose for a second, trying to glean information telepathically, before shrugging, “Yeah, we got room between us. For you, too, JP. If you wanna hang on?”
 “Thanks, but I gotta go. My wife is wanting me home soon.”
 “Good call. You don’t want to piss her off—she’ll withhold the sex.” I leered at JP.
Candace giggled. Apparently sex talk made her giggle. Which was better than what it did to me, which is make an ass of myself.
Everyone else was looking at me with very different expressions. Moose looked bashful. Phil surprised. Adam with a smile that infused his eyes. William wasn’t looking at me at all, but the bit of his face I could see had a cockeyed grin. 
JP was trying for angry, but was like a drunk trying to act sober. He couldn’t keep it together.
“You know it’s true, Mr. Hormones. You all do!” I said as I pointed to everyone. “They’re married. It’s legal by Texas law!”



Chapter Seven



After the guys had left and Candace and I got beers, I was made to hurry back, nearly spilling my newly acquired prize, because Ty was up.
“You really have a Jones for that guy, huh?” I asked, shaking beer off my hand.
“No, it’s just … well, he asked me to wish him luck.”
“You guys are so going to do it.”
Candace giggled as we walked alongside the trailer. As we neared I could hear William say, “Ty’s on Big Blue.”
Moose rubbed his hands together excitedly. “Here we go.” 
“Is Big Blue b-bad?” Candace asked between clenched teeth, standing next to Moose.
 “He ain’t as mean as some,” Adam moderated.
“Is the bull meant to be that still?” I asked with a hush to my voice. Everyone was braced, like they were waiting for an explosion. The bull could’ve been a statue it was so still.chapt
 “Yup,” William said, eyes once again riveted. “He’s not the worst of the five, but he is a villain. He is cool in the chute, but when that gate opens...”
“Ready for it, Ty. Ready for it, man!” Adam said in fierce whisper.
The gate burst open and the bull went charging out. Where most of the cowboys thus far had looked like loose-limbed dolls badly glued on, Ty was an extension of the bull’s body. When the bull jumped with both feet off the ground and bucked, Ty threw his body to compensate, hand in the air, legs braced, body keeping balance. Each jerk had Ty acclimating. Each landing had him shifting. Toward the end of the eight seconds, though, he was starting to unravel. His form was slipping as the animal won over with power and finesse.
“Get on’im, Ty!” Adam yelled.
Ty was leaning dangerously to the side, his body taxed. Adam and William crowded to the gate, knocking Candace and me aside.
They didn’t notice my scowl.
Moose grabbed us easily, now on child watch, and stood right behind us without his eyes leaving the arena. Ours were glued there as well.
The bull did a twist to the side with four feet in the air, landed on two feet, twisted again as the other two came down. Ty somehow got his body back on, and was trying desperately to cling to the jeering animal, but the slide off had started. He was losing purchase. The question was, could he make it to the buzzer?
Two more seconds. Ty scrabbled on the bull’s back with all he had. One—goal!
Everyone cheered. All things considered, it had been a good ride. I turned to Candace with a high-five at the ready.
 “Oh God!” Candace said through clenched teeth, trying to see around William.
Dumbly, I turned back toward the melee, catching Ty sprinting at the side of the arena. His hat flew off as he pumped his fists, trying for every ounce of speed he possessed. Good thing, because the bull was right on his heels, gaining every second. 
Ty reached the gate about the same time as the bull. Instead of climbing up and over, like I would’ve done, in sheer brilliance he jumped off to the right at the last second. The bull smashed into the gate where Ty would have been, scraping against metal instead of flesh. 
“Oh my God. Thank God!” Candace cried, fanning her face. She turned to me. “Did you see that?”
I nodded, ashen. “Close call.”
“Ty’s no novice!” Adam exclaimed with a merry bellow, clapping Moose on the back.
“Did you guys see my score?” Ty asked excitedly a moment later. He looked like a dust monster, covered in the stuff from head to toe. His face was sweat and dirt, his eyes bright. He was kind of hot, actually. 
Candace nearly fainted, apparently thinking the same thing.
 “You are some arse, you know that?! I nearly wet myself when that bull was going after you!” I yelled at him, throwing my hand up for a high five.
Ty broke out in a loud laugh. “All under control, darlin’,” He said, giving a drawl to the last word. He met my high-five as he winked at Candace, and went over to William. 
“Your bull is a son-of-a-bitch, you know that Davies? Hard one, that!” 
William tore his expression away from me, making me wonder what line I’d crossed with him this time. “How was it compared to practice runs?” He asked Ty, wiping his palms on his jeans.
"Good, about the same." They wandered off toward the trailer, talking shop.
Worried I'd be caught stalking with my eyes, I turned back to the rodeo.
After a few more mediocre rides, and one more beer, it was time for William’s third bull. Apparently this one had a “green” rider on it. None of the boys thought an inexperienced kid should be riding something as fierce and unpredictable as one of William’s bulls, but there wasn’t much they could do about it.
As the rider was getting onto the bull, which was a nasty affair because the bull was impatient and moving around in the gate, a tall man strutted up to William like he owned the world. He was about the same height as William, with the same broad shoulders and wavy black hair. The way they stood, and their appearance, gave me a sneaking suspicion they shared DNA.
I was too far away to eavesdrop effectively, and then I couldn’t even stare, because the bull burst out of the chute in fury with the helpless rider on its back. It jumped higher than any bull yet. The power of this one was unmistakable. If it weren’t for the bull rope, the cowboy would’ve been sent into orbit while doing air-splits. 
The bull landed and immediately bucked up again with all its feet off the ground. Then, in the air, it kicked all four feet to the side and kind of twisted its body in a rolling motion. All the boys and Candace sucked in a breath and leaned forward on the gate. Their expressions were awe and horror both. The cowboy was completely off balance at this point, and was obviously going to be thrown off as soon as the bull landed.
Sure enough, a moment later the poor kid was heading fast, face-first into ground. Halfway to the face smash, his upper body jerked around, caught by the still anchored hand. The bull jumped again. The cowboy was now airborne, legs useless, working at the rope, desperately trying to get free.
The clowns rushed in, waiting for an opening to help.
As the bull jumped and spun, the trapped cowboy was whipped along with it, his weight nothing to the strength and power of the massive animal, not slowing it down in the least. 
I clutched Candace. 
The body of the kid was flung into the gate, loose-limbed, helpless. His limbs made sickening dull thuds as each hit the gate, ringing through the gasping stands, stopping hearts. His loose hand tried feebly to block his face from harm as the side of his torso clanged off metal, then was bashed by the thrashing bull.
 “Get him away!” I half yelled, wringing my hands. 
Into the air again, body flung forward this time, falling lifeless, defenselessly over the two hard, blunt horns. His hand finally ripped free, his body landing in a heap at the bull’s feet. 
I sighed in relief. But it was short-lived.
The bull bent to him immediately. With its big horns, it ground the cowboy into the packed dirt, butting at him, trying to do damage. The mighty swing of its head went high as it moved forward, now stomping the lifeless shape. 
I stared in mute horror, hand on my chest, the other hand loosely covering my mouth. I wanted to walk away. I wanted it to be over, but I couldn’t. I didn’t want to leave him. As weird as it sounded, I didn’t want to turn my back, thinking that if I could at least bare witness, nothing worse would happen.
The clowns were trying to distract the bull with all they had, putting themselves in harm’s way to get the bull to leave the cowboy. Out of the corner of my eye I saw William hurriedly releasing two dogs from a large crate. The dogs were small to medium sized, and looked like cattle dogs. Blue heelers if my memory served. 
The dogs took off into the arena like phantoms, one target destination in mind. The first one to reach the bull started barking, jumping up to nip the bull near its balls. The second went after its heels, distracting, but also directing.
The bull was on its second gouging of the lifeless form littered across the ground, when the irritating presence of the dogs cut through its territorial haze. The animal gave a mighty snort, pawing at the ground, unsure what to do with sharp teeth nipping at its foot or belly.
The clowns, getting a window, stepped right into the bull’s face, doing everything they could to work with the dogs underfoot and direct the bull away. It was enough. All the confusion, all the interference, had an effect.
“Oh…” I couldn’t finish the word as the breath noisily escaped my lungs.
Our arena was unnaturally quiet as the paramedics rushed onsite. The broken shape on the ground out in the arena was completely still. Parents were sprinting to the lifeless form.
I had to turn away.
It was a strange thing, getting on an animal that could do that to you. Why would someone flirt with that much violence? Why would they call this a sport when it could go so horribly wrong? 
I wanted Lump to organize the people in the arena so the kid got the best care he could. Or Jane to explain why it looked way worse than it did. Or even Flem to start yelling swear words, lead me away, and tell me some gross jokes. Anything but this utter destitution, watching violence while being an outsider, with no one I trusted to lean on.
I have never missed a group of people so much in my entire life.
I found myself wandering away, tears threatening to break free. The event reminded me of how much I didn’t know about my new home, the culture of my new home, and I needed to regroup. Badly.
As I was aimlessly rounding the trailer, I ran directly into William, both of us trying to careen to prevent a collision. Surprise lit up his face until he took in my helplessness. His hassled expression melted into concern. 
“Are you okay?” he asked softly.
I nodded. Keep it together!
I did not want to break down here. I wanted to get myself together, tuck it all away, and have a cry later on. 
He nodded once, but didn’t seem convinced. He grabbed something from beside the trailer and ran back to the arena. 
Relieved he didn’t try to play awkward super hero with the strange girl having a meltdown, I wandered toward the horses. Musical notes floated on the still air and wound their way to my ear, somewhat soothing. I followed them to their source: a small battery powered boom box; I sat next to it on a rock. I tried to clear my mind, but images of the cowboy flopping around like a doll in the hands of a naughty child, punched my memories. 
Cue waterfall of tears. 
I let my head fall into my hands. Let the tears come. Not that I had a choice.
As I was racking with sobs, my eyes squeezed tight, hot tears making trails down my cheeks, I felt two strong arms wrap around me, pulling me in to an equally hard body. I let them, knowing who it was by the smell. I put my head against his chest and couldn’t stop myself from tearfully heaving. 
His hands moved over my back in comforting ways as he cooed softly in my ear. His fingers delicately entwined loose strands of hair behind my ears as he gently rocked me back and forth, not hurrying me or trying to stop the water works in any way. I put my face in the crook of his neck, breathing him in, letting my loneliness and uncertainty subside, relishing the tight encircling of his arms.
When I could figure out how to stop the tears, if not eradicate the need for them, I gave a little resistance in order to straighten up. After a moment, he let me, eyes trained on my face as I wiped away smudged make-up.
“You look fine,” he whispered, his face still close to mine.
I met his eyes. William was looking back at me with an expression of such tenderness it opened my weepy heart all over again. Two big crocodile tears escaped my tear ducts and tumbled down my face. He brought his hand up slowly, his eyes still locked with mine, and gently touched his thumb to my cheek, wiping away wetness, then finishing by tracing a finger along my jaw. 
“Please don’t cry,” he said in a way that matched his expression. “Is it the accident with the bull? The cowboy will be okay. I talked to him. He has injuries, and will be sore for a while, but he’ll be fine.”
I nodded. Then shook my head.
He gave me a small smile. “I am here, if you want to talk.”
I started to laugh. That weepy “everything is all better” laugh that crying people do to move out of the center of attention. 
“Men talking?” I said sarcastically.
He smiled. “Only to the damsel. I don’t make a habit of it.” 
As the sadness receded, embarrassment pushed forward to take its place. Pity parties never did anything good for starting relationships. Men usually went all gooey for a female in trouble, especially with tears they weren’t responsible for, but it wasn't lasting concern. They were drawn to the vulnerability. This situation fit that bill perfectly.
The problem was, when that veil of intimacy lifted, both parties would go back to the real world. The girl would go back to her normal self, which in this case was a pushy, bold bitch, and the guy would go back to his normal self, which was a busy, hot, successful entrepreneur. The moment, as it were, would get disjointed within reality. Expectations would get erased, or worse, tainted, and the whole thing would be doomed. 
I knew this from experience.
“Okay, all good. Thanks for the pep talk, coach,” I said as I stood, one final wipe beneath my eyes for any lingering mascara. 
He gave a weak smile, eyes still locked with mine, searching—probably wondering where the magic from a moment ago went. He was unaware that he was dealing with a pro. I could bounce back on a dollar, baby!
So please like me after this, okay?
After a moment, he asked, “Are you okay to go back?”
I let the breeze finish drying my tear streaked face.
“Yes, I’m okay. Sorry about that.” 
He shook his head in frustration, waving away my apology with his hand. Not taking his probing eyes off mine, he politely gestured for me to go ahead of him. Ladies first. 
As we rounded the corner of the trailer, the older man ran into us. His expression was hard until he took me in, then immediately softened.
Apparently, I was still emanating chick in distress. 
 “Willie, your next bull is about to go. You should get back there. Georgie Jones is ridin’ him.” 
“Georgie is here?”
“Yes. And he is about to ride your bull. I’ll escort this lady back.” 
William looked at me, nodded, tipped his hat and said, “Ma’am.” He ran off toward the gate.
The older man held out his hand. “My name is Tom. Senior.”
It was William’s dad, as I thought. The looks gave it away. Well, and the name.
“Oh, hi. My name is Jessica Brodie.”
“Brodie? Is that Scottish?”
“Uh, yes actually. My grandfather was from Scotland.” 
He returned my smile. He had an ease to him that made me feel comfortable. “My wife’s maiden name is Scottish. Cameron. Would you like to head back to the arena?” 
Yeah, sure, why not? Today couldn’t possibly get any worse.
By the time we arrived at the arena, the rider was ready, hand up, but immobile, braced. Just waiting for that gate to open.
 “This rider is very good." Tom said conversationally. "He competes in the top purse rodeos with some of the best bulls in the country. He also happens to be riding the toughest bull of my son’s stock. It is a wonder how he drew this bull. It’s good for all the other riders, of course. Otherwise he would probably take the purse without a struggle.”
As man and beast rushed from their tiny confinement, the same old dance filled the arena, except this time, the performers were professionals. The bull was obviously the strongest, most brutish yet, with twists and turns, leaps and bucks to make a hooker proud. Georgie was picking up what the bull was putting down, almost.
The bull did a powerful spin, jump, buck, spin combination that had the rider totally bewildered. He was hanging on by sheer stubbornness. Georgie’s once-perfect, coordinated rhythm was thrown to the walls. The power in this animal was beyond the others, and this rider could not maintain his poise under such duress. 
After the buzzer sounded, and Georgie was chased to the gate, Tom said, “That was a really good ride. It wasn’t pretty, but that was a nasty bull, so he’ll get points for that. Should be a high scoring ride.”
“Does that mean the bull will go to the bigger circuit? Or, you know, more advanced rodeos?” 
“Well, he’ll have to be in a few more small-time rodeos first, but I have no doubt he’ll make it if he continues to do this well.”
Everyone turned as the rider came strutting into the area, sweat and dirt, just like Ty had been. It seemed a hazard of the profession. Tom excused himself and headed back toward the trailer, other things to do. Being that he was at a rodeo, I couldn’t imagine what those things were.
 “I didn’t know you would be here until I saw you on that monster of a bull.” Georgie said as he gripped Ty’s arm in a strength-of-wills kind of shake, both with victory smiles on their faces.
“Likewise," Ty responded jovially. "How’d you like riding yours? They’re from the same stock, you know.”
Georgie looked at William. “Yeah, what you been feedin’em, --dynamite?”
William smiled. “I feed ‘em little children. Keeps ‘em mean!”
“Ah man!” Georgie reeled back in laughter. “That ain’t right!” 
“I had a helluva time keeping on my bull,” Ty said. “My arm’ll need to be iced tonight for sure. I’ve ridden them before, though, so I basically knew what to expect.”
“Yeah, I was going to ask you about that, Davies.” Georgie's eyes got a business gleam. “I wouldn’t mind some practice rides.” 
“Well, these five are put into circuit so they are out, but I got a couple more that are close to as good. You might take a ride on those next week if you’re around.” 
“Cool.” Georgie nodded, business over. His eyes scanned the area, a dog checking out the neighboring territory. As they skittered past me, they snapped back like a rubber band. “She with you?”
My eyebrows fell down to the ridge of my nose. Have you any manners?
William’s eyes flicked to me before he shrugged and looked out at the empty arena. The crowd was starting to break up and disperse. My initiation to rodeo life was over. After the day I’d had, I couldn’t say it wasn’t welcomed.
Adam answered Georgie, apparently now my pimp. “She came with some others, but her and her friend here,” he nodded at Candace, “are in our care for the evening.” 
My eyebrows slipped a little further. Your care? I missed the part where you peed on me. Which, given the fact that I wasn’t crazy about golden showers, was a good thing. But still, I wasn't aware women were still viewed as property in this state.
Georgie looked back at me with the focus of a slut. Being that he was only mildly attractive, and also on the shorter side, I had a feeling being good at bull riding gave a guy a certain je ne sais quoi. A small-scale celebrity status. And with girls, it didn’t matter your appearance, if you were known, you were doable.
Sometimes I had to wonder about my sex in general.
“You goin’ to the dance, darlin?” he asked, taking a step closer.
My eyes slid to Candace. “Dance?”
“Oh hoot, boys. She is an out of towner! Where you from, darlin?” Georgie asked with glee. 
I wasn’t in the mood to be hit on. Plus, my earlier embarrassment with William, which was now exacting its punishment since he was busying himself with a freaking rope by his trailer instead of paying any attention to another man wanting me, made me surly. I reined it in, for the sake of my ride home, but barely.
“I’m from L.A.” Then, in case he was dense, I said, “Which is in California.”
“Hmm. I like me some Cali-fornia girls. You girls are frisky.” He stepped closer again, now only a foot away, nearly invading my space bubble. It gave me a dose of claustrophobia. It also worried away the last of my good behavior. 
“Look, short stack,” I put my hand to his chest and pushed him back. “I am not in the mood.” 
Moose and Adam burst out laughing. William’s head snapped up, a frustrated expression on his face. Possibly I was supposed to be nice to his future client, but he could just stuff it. They all could. I’d had a bad day.
Ty put his hand on Georgie’s shoulder. “Better luck next time, man. I’m slam out of pity for ya.”
Georgie shot me a gleaming smile. “I love a girl that plays hard to get. I love those bright eyes and country music,” he sang with his hand on his heart.
“Bright lights dummy. Lights, not eyes. You’re dumber’n a box of hair!” Adam said with a grin, leaning back and crossing his arms over his chest. He was enjoying the show.
William walked away. Ty followed with Candace keeping pace. When Moose and Adam shifted and stood, walking after the others, I figured I’d act like a lemming and follow blindly as well. Suddenly, going home with Dave and JP didn’t seem like such a bad idea.
 “I think she loves me, boys!” Georgie shouted merrily.
I shook my head as I threw a glance back his way. Some men never gave up. When I turned back around, I caught the tail end of Moose’s apprehensive glance. Apparently he, and probably all of them, wondered if I’d succumb to Georgie’s strange kind of charm. I'm at a rodeo for one day, and already they think I’m a groupie? What the hell?
 “I think I am going to head on,” William was saying to the guys as I walked up. “Unless you all want to go to the dance?” 
“Hell, I love them dances. I’ll be DD if y’all want?” Adam said.
“I’ll go. Gotta shower and change first, but why not? How about you?” Ty asked Candace.
“Sure!” she said, a little too happily.
Five bodies turned my way. 
“Uh ... Peer pressure is fun and all, but what is this dance?”
“After rodeos there is generally a social dance. Just some music and beer. It’s a good time,” Moose explained.
“If I went, how long would I be in for?” I asked the group.
“In for?” Ty asked as he lounged against the trailer. “It isn’t prison. Do you dance?”
“I have been known to cut a rug or two,” I replied. “But I don’t feel like getting drunk and doing something stupid. Plus, dancing to country music without drinking is not the stuff of magic. I don’t want to be hit on, either. It’s been a long day.”
“Note to self, hit on Jessica on short days, only.” Ty acted like he was writing on a notepad—the pad being his palm.
“C’mon Jess, please come!” Candace pleaded. 
What was the saying about fallen soldiers? 
“I don’t have JP to keep me out of trouble,” I said as a last ditch effort.
“I’ll take care of that,” Moose responded as he flexed his left bicep. Then patted it. Then kissed it. 
“I suppose next you’ll ask me if I want to see the gun show…”
Moose’s brow furrowed. He shook his head slightly.
With a put-upon expression, I bent my arms at the elbows, held them up, hands fisted, and flexed. “See these guns?”
Moose’s eyebrows fluttered upward, the corners of his lips following as if a string connected the two. 
“Anyway—“I continued, ignoring William’s blank look.
“Now how’d I miss that one growin’ up?” Adam asked incredulously, a smirk taking over his face.
“You’re slow, that’s how,” Ty said, getting comfortable in his lounge, which took him closer to Candace.
“Right, okay." I sighed and worried the ground with my toe. "I guess the big brute is now my bodyguard. Good times.”
From the trailer, we all heard Tom’s voice say, “I’ll be going, too, if y’all don’t mind.” 
All the boys’ faces lit up. Except for William’s. “Well, it looks like I have to go by default. Alright, who’s first for the shower?”



Chapter Eight



Showered, not changed because I didn’t make a habit of carrying around a knapsack on a stick, and wearing borrowed makeup, since Candace apparently did carry one, I stepped down, out of the plush trailer and into the night. A circling of men and one woman were there to greet me, all turning at my entrance, the glow from the light behind me illuminating their faces.
As my feet crunched against the dirt, there was a moment of silence dotted with an occasional neigh and the distant drum of bass. I nearly asked what I’d done before Candace broke the silence.
“Oh my God Jessica, I love what you did with your eye makeup! You have to show me!”
“It’s just a smoky eye,” I muttered, shuffling toward the group.
“Okay, entrance made, let’s get cracking,” Ty said with a laugh, stepping out of the group and stopping with his arm out and elbow crooked, as if it was 1806. On cue, Candace stepped forward and daintily threaded her hand through his arm. It was too dark to tell, but I had a feeling her face was bright red under her intense layer of makeup.
All eyes turned to me. No one stepped forward. My confidence shrunk by the second.
“What are y’all gawkin’ at?” Tom’s voice wafted into the scene, followed a second later by his body, dapper and suave in plaid and cowboy boots. It was a country suit. “Ah, Jessica, you look lovely. May I escort you?” He held out his arm.
Grateful, I nearly fell into him. “Thank you.”
"You look beautiful, tonight, my dear," he said in gentleman tones. He had been pre-programed by his wife from years of marriage to notice when a woman tried to look good, then comment to that effect. I was grateful to William's mom.
 “Why thank you, Tom,” I replied.
Tom patted my hand. “Nonsense. I didn’t think any of the boys would get around to telling you, but they are surely all thinking it. When they get older they will learn to speak up.” I could hear the gentle smile in his voice. 
It was a short walk to the dance hall, which was a big tent beyond the rodeo. We got to the ticket booth, and as I reached for my purse, Tom tsked.
“Now, now. The gentleman always pays.”
 He took out money and paid for the whole party. Being that no one had reached for wallets but me, everyone was expecting that. 
Inside the tent were flimsy round tables dotting the packed dirt floor. Streamers hung limply in blue and white, and the bar, to which Tom headed shortly after taking drink orders, was nothing more than plywood and alcohol. There was a stage, which was cool, but the country music they were playing was not. Thank God for beer.
We didn’t even have time for the first topic of conversation before Georgie found me.
 “Well, well. If it ain’t the purty lady and her bodyguards...”
Georgie was cleaned up, wearing his own country suit, and confidently standing like I had already consented to go home with him. That slipped a fraction when he met my expression, but bounced back easily. “Well now, boys. You can’t have her all night!” 
I turned back to my beer, feeling eyes burning a hole in my head. William was looking at me with a vexed expression. His eyes quickly moving from mine back to Georgie as soon as I made contact. 
If he was under the impression I was going to turn back around and suck up to his friends while they mercilessly hit on me, his silver spoon was shoved too far up his backside. With that thought, and also with stubbornness taking over every inch of my fiber, I continued to glare at him as I slowly took a sip of my beer. I waited until his eyes glanced back, then widened in surprise, before I casually looked away.
Suck it! I thought. I was cranky, tired, and had too much of that guy’s crap. All guys, actually. Every one of them. So there.
Candace elbowed me. I hadn’t switched my facial expression, so she got a blast of the same stubborn, hard expression as William. Her face fell in shock.
“Sorry!” she said. “It is just that Georgie asked you to dance and I was getting your attention...”
“Oh sorry, Candace. That wasn’t directed at you--I was thinking about something else.” I stood up and faced Georgie. 
He had a big grin on his face, like he won some sort of contest.
I was just about to say my apologies in the nicest way I could, and go find a corner to hide in, when Tom said, “Oh now Georgie, you may be the best bull rider around, save Ty of course, but you need to work on your manners with young ladies. Candace, Jessica--” He bowed to Candace and me in turn. “Would either of you ladies like to dance?”
“I would love to, Tom,” I said, winking at a relieved Candace. She didn’t want Tom to steal Ty’s thunder. I was happy letting him steal Georgie’s.
I took Tom’s arm for the second time that night. As soon as we got out of hearing he said, “Sorry to intrude, but it seemed like you were in a tight spot.”
I couldn’t help but smile. “I am in your debt, sir. I was trying to think of the nicest way to say ‘buzz off.’”
He laughed. “You‘ll have plenty of time for that tonight. Looks as though Georgie has taken a liking to you. If I might warn you of one thing: He can be a rascal sometimes. He tries to be a gentleman most times, I think. But sometimes it isn’t as easy as others.”
“Spoken like a rascal.” I laughed as we made the scuffed planking that would pass beautifully for a dance floor.
“We all have to grow up sometime.” He faced me with a grin. “Do you know how to Texas two-step?” 
“Texas two-step? Actually, no. I know the Fox Trot and Swing and a lot of ballroom dances, but not the two-step.” 
“No matter. It’s easy to learn.” 
I grabbed his hand and stepped closer, putting the other hand on his shoulder. He stepped toward me with a quick step. I backed up. He stepped at me with the other foot, also a quick beat. I backed up again, correlating feet with him.
 “Step together, walk, walk. Step together, walk, walk,” he helped.
Being a dancer, kinda of, I caught on pretty quickly. It wasn’t like there was much to remember. As soon as I got the hang of it, he went faster to match the music. Before I knew it we were headed around the floor with other people doing the same dance, going the same way. It was all very organized!
When we got back to the table there was a second round of beers waiting. Tom walked me to my seat, bowed his head a fraction, and said, “Thank you for the dance.”
Seriously! What. A. Gentleman! 
I smiled and tilted my head like a dumb girl. As he walked away I looked around. It was then that I noticed two things. 
One. Every woman in that place was eyeing my table. Usually they were staring at William or Adam, but Moose got quite a few looks as well. Sometimes the women would glance my way in indignation, as if I posed some sort of obstacle just because I was at the table. 
My spirits wilted as I realized Willie Davies could have any woman in this place. Hell, half of them would probably agree to double up with another woman to share him.
Two. Dusty was here. He was on the outskirts, loitering, keeping a low profile, but my face was often in his sights. He was here for revenge that was certain. I just didn’t know how he was going to get it. 
I had a strong urge to run for the door.
“Care to dance?”
Moose was standing behind me solemnly. In confusion, I assented, just to see why the frowny-face. And also not to be rude, of course.
We started the two-step, which seemed to be everyone’s dance of choice here, and I let my gaze travel up to the heavens. I couldn’t get over his size! It was like dancing with a Sasquatch. An attractive one with dark brown, liquid eyes that seemed kind and deep. He had a largish nose, but it worked with his face, which was broad and flat. Behind his easy smile was a set of white, straight teeth.
William had some good-looking friends. Birds of a feather, as they say…
The dance was quiet. Something was bothering him. Worried that it would be about William, or worse, he would ask me out, I didn’t press.
As we were walking back, he said, “If he gives you any trouble, you let one of us know, y’hear?”
“What?”
“Dusty. I saw him gawkin’ at ya. If he gives you any trouble, any at all, you let one of us know. He is from bad stock. We’ll sort him out.”
“Thanks, Moose. That guy seriously creeps me out. How did I find him cute when I first saw him?”
“Well, now, he’s good-lookin’. He’s got his sex appeal, and all the women fall for him one time or another. Especially with alcohol, but he takes advantage. Women just don’t know those type of men are hangin’ around until you learn yer lesson. Then you steer clear.”
 “Is that why you are single, Moose? Women just haven’t learned their lesson yet?”
He looked like I had slapped his face—something between shock and surprise. It must have been my smile that let him know I was kidding, because he broke into a huge grin to top mine and chuckled. “You had me going for a second there! You say things so deadpan when you’s joking!” He laughed harder. “I suppose that’s why I’m single, at that. Just a big creep that all the ladies seen through already!” 
As I reached my seat, guess who was waiting for me. Freaking Georgie. Did the guy like being rejected that much? 
I held up my hand in Georgie’s face. He opened his mouth to ask me to dance, a bemused smile eating his cheeks, and I just shook my head, reaffirming my “stop” gesture. I snatched my beer and took a big swig. This dancing was getting in the way of my beer drinking. I was behind.
He tried ducking around my hand. “Do you wanna—“
 “Nope. I need to drink some beer.”
His face dropped in a puppy dog expression, with big eyes and his lip stuck out. “Please?” he whined, a little grin messing up his perfect pout. 
I shook my head, held up my beer, and finished it up. I had another full one waiting, and it was starting to get warm. 
He crouched, intending to sit next to me, no doubt trying to wait me out. 
 “Oh no! No way! This table is for the Davies’ crew. Suitors must sit at another table ...” I held up my nose in my best interpretation of a snob, and drank another sip of beer.
Moose sat, instead, flashing Georgie a crooked grin. Adam sat on the other side, leaned way back in his chair, and put his arm on the back of my chair, sporting the same cock-eyed smirk.
“Sorry, man,” Adam said, “this side of the table’s all full up.”
Moose chuckled. 
I would have thought Georgie would get in a huff and stock away. To his credit, he started laughing and slapped the table. “Alright boys, have it your way. Help her play hard to get! I am on it like a coon dog, though, and I always tree my coon!”
 He looked at me, winked, and tipped his big cowboy hat. “Ma’am, I’ll see you on the dance floor yet!” He walked away laughing.
“Did he just call me a raccoon? I mean really, do I look like a mean, rabid creature?” All the guys turned to me. I paused. Then held up my finger. “Don’t answer that.”
About that time Candace bounded back. She crinkled her eyebrows at the boys sitting next to me, and then had a moment of indecisiveness. She obviously wanted to talk to me, but two lumps of muscle blocked her way. She hovered for a moment, shifting on her feet.
“Here, sit right here,” Moose said, jumping up. Adam was up just as fast.
“Jeez, what do I stink or something?” I huffed. “Don’t answer that, either!”
 “Oh my God, Jessica! Oh. My. God!” Candace exclaimed in a hushed voice, looking all around to make sure she wasn’t heard. “He kissed me! He kissed me!” 
“Wait. What?!”
“He kissed me!”
“Wait, wait, wait! What do you mean? Where? When? Details, woman, details!”
She took a big breath. “Okay. Well, we danced, right? Then we danced to the next song. We got a beer and talked. He is so easy to talk to. I wouldn’t shut up! And we danced again. He is such a great dancer. He wanted to go for a walk to have a smoke then, and I asked if I could join him.” 
She paused to take a dramatic breath, pure excitement bubbling up. “Then,” she gushed, a smile taking over her face, “we were walking outside and he smoked his cigarette. I didn’t smoke one because ...well ... I don’t smoke. But he did. And we talked about nothing. Everything, actually. But nothing important. And we were just about to turn to come back in and he turned to me all serious. My heart was about to explode, Jessica! He leaned in, and then kissed me!” 
She giggled a little and did an excited squirm in her seat. I was grinning like a fool. 
“I felt it from my head to my toes. I did!” She giggled again, and I joined her. First kisses were so exciting!
She was about to go on when someone took the other chair beside me. At first I wasn’t concerned because I half thought it would be Ty coming for his beauty, but when I turned, my smile twisted off my face. 
Dusty’s brown eyes were kindled with an unnatural light. A sickly smile wormed its way onto his face. “Hey ya, darlin’. How’s the night goin’?”
Fear twisted in my gut. 
 “We were talking,” Candace said haughtily, leaning forward to meet his eyes across me.
Dusty didn’t miss a beat. “You were talking. Get lost now. I have some things I need to say to her.” He clutched my shoulder with flesh-covered claws. The knife of fear wrenched harder.
I pleaded Candace for help with my eyes, not knowing what to do. She looked back, her eyes just as wild. Just as fear struck. Then her stare turned hard, assessing, and she was gone. I could only hope it was to get help.
I summoned strength and confidence. He couldn’t hurt me here in the middle of the dance hall with people everywhere. I needed to embody Lump. Missing her wouldn’t help me now. I needed to be her. Hell, or Claire or Flem. Anyone stronger than myself.
I shrugged off his hand and turned to him with my guard up. He met that with an animalistic glare. 
I barely stopped myself from gulping before I asked, “What’s up, Dusty?”
“Howdy, darlin’. I just thought we might chat right quick.”
“Probably not a great idea, Dusty.” Visibly unaffected, I smoothed my skirt and went to stand, a firm look of disapproval on my face. I got halfway up before his hand found my shoulder again, only this time, he dug his fingers into muscle and bone. He roughly forced me back down.
Breath coming fast in fear crusted panting, my mind went blank of everything Lump had ever taught me. Every cutting quip smart Jane might come up with to disable an adversary. Panic consumed me, blocking out logic.
“Now,” he said quiet and slow, “I think we should take a little stroll outside, don’t you?”
I shook my head. I had to stay inside. 
“Now darlin’, I really am a very nice guy.” His grip tightened painfully, his eyes taking on a savage look. He leaned so close I could smell the beer in his breath. “And I’m gonna show you just how nice. C’mon now…”
He shook me, my head rattling on my shoulders. I opened my mouth to scream, or yell at him, or something, but no breath came. I couldn't get words past my constricted throat.
Suddenly his hand was ripped away. His body yanked up, out of his seat, the vacated chair toppling over backward with a loud clang.
His clutching hand gone, my body continued forward, spilling me onto the ground. Candace was there in an instant, holding my hand and trying to lift me back up. 
Moose had Dusty in some sort of body lock, carrying him out of the dance hall, Dusty's legs barely finding balance, swinging and kicking the whole way. Adam waited by the door, the firm hand of judgment showing on his face. William and his dad trailed behind, ensuring the removal went smoothly.
I was lifted from the floor, Candace and Georgie helping me into my seat. 
“They are taking care of that rat,” Georgie said softly, his body facing me, one hand on the table, one sweeping the hair out of my face. He wasn’t picking up on me this time. He was acting like a nursemaid. “Are you okay?”
I let out a ragged breath I didn’t know I was holding. Tears, unbidden, filled my eyes. Shaking my head, I stood up. I was not going to go to pieces. 
At least not until I was in my room without anyone watching. 
Georgie and Candace stood up with me.
I wiped my face with the flat of my palm, looking at Georgie with blurry eyes.
 “Dance.” I croaked.
“What?” he and Candace said together.
“Dance!” I said louder. 
Don’t cry. Don’t cry. Don’t cry.
 “Let’s dance. C’mon.” I grabbed his hand, half-dragging him to the dance floor.
It was obvious Georgie was out of his element with my emotional response, but he followed me to the dance floor, taking my lead. We launched into the two-step, him allowing me to wipe my eyes every so often. After that song was over, we danced to another one; I was desperately trying to hold myself together. Him peering at me worriedly was not helping.
That song done, I decided it was now time to get drunk. Mind-numbingly drunk with nothing but hangover misery for two days following. Between making an ass of myself with the hottest man alive, not to mention his friends and family, and then needing saving, I wanted to put all this behind me. There were too many embarrassing things going on at this rodeo, and it was just par for the course what William had experienced with me thus far.
Plus, I had definitely overstayed my welcome. I should have gone home with JP.
I walked back to the table with a straight back, struggling to keep tears from leaking down my face. The good news was, Georgie wasn’t trying to bed me anymore. The bad news was, for him to give up, I must have become damaged goods. 
Need beer.
The table was full, housing our whole party, all with somber expressions. They were waiting for the victim. Staring. Preventing me from moving on.
"Thanks, guys. Moose." I cleared my throat, face red and not from dancing.
“Did he do this?” William stepped to my side, so close his breath tickled my face, mingling with mine.
I followed his eyes to my shoulder, where angry red finger marks etched my skin.
Don’t cry. Don’t cry. Don’t cry.
I didn't speak. Couldn't. We both knew the answer. 
Another step had him directly in front of me, thunderclouds hovering over his eyes. He looked down at me, into me. I distinctly remembered how good his embrace felt. My face against his hard chest. His strong arms wrapped around me supportively, protectively.
My head bent, trying to hide the tears drowning my eyes.
"Did he hurt you Jessica?" William asked quietly, the tips of his fingertips running along my jaw to my chin, and then lifting slightly. 
The waterworks were coming. I did not want to give Dusty’s friends the satisfaction! I needed to stay strong. I needed to keep my head up and shake it off. I was fine. Dusty scared me. No biggie. I was surrounded by a safety net and Dusty was thrown out.
I shook my head, breathing deep. Struggling for calm. I stepped around him, grabbed my beer, and downed it with thirsty, desperate gulps. Adam gave a hoot, called me a good girl, and went to get me another.
William pulled the chair out for me, but I shook my head again. I needed to stay busy.
“Dance.” 
Without question or hesitation, William offered his hand, completely at my disposal. Thank God. I was going to have a good time if it killed me, damn it!
As we assumed the position on the dance floor, I waited for the two-step, not meeting his eyes. Afraid I'd unravel if I did.
“I hear you can ballroom dance,” he said in his rich baritone. A grin tweaked his lips.
I nodded. I still didn’t trust myself to speak.
“Does that include swing dancing?”
I nodded again. “Not country swing dancing, though,” I amended quietly.
“Doesn’t matter. It’s close enough. Just follow my lead.”
I nodded once and chanced a smile I still didn’t feel.
The next three minutes were a thrill. I was whipped around the dance floor; pulled up close, pushed away, dipped, turned, and spun. It was just the thing I needed, and William was an excellent leader. I could’ve closed my eyes and followed his lead without ever bumping into a soul, or hitting him mid-swing.
I let my mind seep into the music and rhythm, encouraging the beat to fuse to my bones, making my skeleton dance of its own accord. I could feel myself unstitch at the seams; the events of the day fraying my nerves. I was getting tired. I felt beat up. I really just wanted a hot bath and my girlfriends to tell me to buck up and keep truckin’. 
The song ended and “The River” by Garth Brooks came on. I actually knew this song! 
William stepped closer, his body now inches from mine, and wrapped his arm securely around my back. He still held my hand like we were ballroom dancing, but he brought it in to his heart, leaning against his chest. His neck was smooth against my cheek, his shoulder hard under my hand. He was leaner than Moose, but his muscles were just as hard. I felt my groin tighten with the contact.
“Are you okay? It has been a trying day for you." His voice was barely more than a whisper.
“Please. I don’t want to start crying.”
“It’s okay to cry. You’ve earned the privilege. I have a shirt under this one.”
I laughed a little as my eyes blurred once again. I shook my head and backed away to allow air to hit my face and dry my eyes. 
He held my hand flat against his heart and pulled me in harder. “Sorry, I just want to make sure you’re okay. I don’t mean to pry.”    
We were slowly two-stepping around the dance floor with everyone else. Though I wasn’t focusing on anything but the feel of his body and smell of his skin, I noticed more than a few pretty eyes scowl in jealousy at my proximity to William. With all his opportunity of female choices I knew this couldn’t last, but I would be a fool to not take advantage of it while it did. 
I leaned into him and rested my head between his neck and shoulder. Eat your heart out, girls! 
Our bodies moved as one to the music, our pace slow, barely keeping up with the music. His arm around my back steadily pressed me into him. We could barely two-step with how close our legs were, but he didn’t relent. He bowed his head to get his face closer to mine, the hand holding mine tightening, his breathing becoming somewhat husky and labored. 
The song ended abruptly, much too soon. I came out of my trance slowly, he not as slow.
With a red face, he pushed me away firmly, cold air replacing his warmth. A soft crinkle etched the middle of his eyebrows as he looked at those around us, clapping for the band. Frustrated embarrassment marred his gaze when he looked back in my direction.
Well, hell, at least I’d turned him on. He may not have wanted to let it get that far—even though I was absolutely willing—but at least I’d had an effect on him. It wasn’t much, but in the low mood I was in, I would take it.
William cleared his throat and mumbled something about getting back. He stuck his hands in his pockets and glanced around us again. 
Yeah, I’d been here before. I knew better than to hang around and try to force intimacy. So when he held out his arm for me to take back to the table, I did so graciously, distancing myself from the intimacy of a few minutes before.
It didn’t stop me from wanting to punch him in the mouth, though. If he hadn’t wanted to be so close, why the hell was he? And if he did, why didn’t he just act on it? Guys could be so irritating!

The next couple hours passed in a haze of dancing and drinking. Shots were bought ... by me, and beers were bought by others. One thing about these boys--they could drink! I had a pretty good tolerance coming out of my college years, but they easily drank two to my one. It helped that they were all giants, but still.
Towards the end of the night I had a heat on, alcohol-wise, and was a sweaty mess, facially. Ty had just swung me halfway around the world on the dance floor, bowed, and then took Candace for a ride. The guy had the stamina of a race horse. 
Which I pointed out to Candace, and then giggled with her. 
Feeling like I was about to pass out from fatigue, I looked for one of the boys to escort me outside. I needed cool air to replace the moist humidity of the tent. I needed a way to put a stopper on my sweat rivers.
A glance told me William, Adam and Moose were nowhere in sight. Tom was chatting to another older fellow by the bar, with hard lines in his face that was probably business related, so I didn’t dare interrupt that. And the batter up, Georgie, was courting some little thing with heart-shaped lips. So, that sucked. 
I shrugged my shoulders and headed out. A few steps beyond the door wouldn’t be a big deal. A scream would bring someone in case Dusty found his way back, and a quick walk inside would keep anyone else from hitting on me very long.
As the murky dark enveloped me, I lifted my hair to catch a stray breeze. It felt good out here. Quiet and serene. Not cold, but there was a distinct chill that made me twirl to catch every last waft on my overheated skin.
When I was nearly cooled, not ten feet from the door, I turned back to the beckoning light and pounding music. A few more dances and I’d hint about heading home. William had been avoiding me, and the other guys were treating me like some sort of fragile vase, so there wasn’t much to hang on for.
A fist clutched my hair and ripped my head back.



Chapter Nine



Confused fear shot through me as I bounced off the wall. My body hit one of the large metal beams so hard my teeth chattered. I slid against rough canvas, dragged away from the door, and safety, by my hair.
Dusty was right in front of me with the reek of alcohol on his breath. He still had my hair, and was now grabbing my throat, squeezing. Panic welled up as my air supply dwindled.
I tried for a big gulp of breath to scream. Sticky hands covered my mouth.
“You thought you was safe with all them big bastards, huh?” he whispered in a harsh voice filled with rage. “Well, you didn’t know I’d be waitin’ for ya, did ya, darlin’? Huh, did ya?” He shook me.
Black specs appeared in my vision. I couldn’t get enough air. We were far now, way down the wall, almost around the corner. There was no one out here. No one to help. With his hand on my throat, I couldn’t get enough air to scream loud enough to be heard.
Panic was still in control. I dug in my feet and wiggled, trying to get free from his grasp. His hands slipped off my sweaty arm and I was free for one brief, adrenaline filled moment! I turned to run, a scream welling up immediately. I didn’t make it far.
It felt like the side of my face exploded, and then I was landing against canvas, my mind fuzzy from the blow. He pulled me up by my hair, other hand over my mouth. His alcohol-filled panting making me nauseous.
“Not so fast, darlin’.” His hand released my face long enough to reach back, then slam his palm against my cheek so hard it felt like my left eye would pop out of the socket.
My head lolled back, consciousness fleeting.
“That’s right. You’ll like this.” I heard.
A knee roughly wormed its way between my thighs. A hand forcefully squeezed a breast.
“No,” I breathed, groggy. Confused.
Fingers. Thick, male fingers, probed me. Grabbed the small piece of fabric covering my sex and yanked. Material squealed, tearing, but thankfully still somewhat intact. A tiny hindrance. A few seconds of time.
“Remember that night I taught you to fend me off, Jessica?” It was Lump’s voice in the back of my head. “Remember how I taught you? You gotta be strong. You have to be present, Jess. Fight!”
Fight.
Up until this point all I could think of was getting away. Getting help, or getting free. Thoughts couldn’t get through my fear-choked brain. Logic was lost to the raging panic that froze me like ice. I couldn’t scream, I could barely breathe. Hysteria had me shutting my eyes in mute horror.
Fight.
 If I did nothing I would be raped in two minutes.
Survive!
My mind cranked into overdrive. The scared animal in me was pushed into a corner and chained tight. What emerged was a calm woman devoid of the ability to feel. Unable to succumb to fear. A woman enclosed in a bubble of her own devising, ready to fight her way out of this by any means possible.
The horror of his fingers feeling around my vagina, readying the way, and my desire to fall into helpless sobs, were pushed away. In this bubble I found an animal. I found my primal being. I knew in a heartbeat that I was capable of killing this maggot if it came to it. I would kill him, to save me.
I held still and did nothing for a second. I needed to take measurement of what was going on. I needed to think. I needed to find the path out. There was one. I just needed to find it. 
He was working at his belt, metal jingles and the whine of leather. I had a fraction of time to do something to save myself. Time slowed down. Lump’s moves and advice flickered through my head like a slide show, faster than the speed of light.
I latched onto a couple things, settled on them, and got ready for action. No one was coming. No savior this time. Just me. 
Step one: do what’s expected.
I began to cry.
Large, wracking sobs, begging to be let free. Pleading for him to stop. Willing him to believe I had given up. 
His hand holding me relaxed a fraction, his other hand yanking his belt away. Now working at the buttons on his jeans. His head looking down, monitoring his efforts, looking between my gaping legs, at my half-visible vagina. He was not bothering about my face. He had no belief I would retaliate.
Good.
Step two: set the stage.
I leaned my head back as far as it would go, pushing in the canvas. Making as much room as I could. Relaxing the muscles in my arms, but not forgetting how vital a tool they would be. Crying, all the while. Making him believe. Making him confident.
Fly open now. Zipper torn down. He worked at his erection. I didn’t have long.
My skin started to crawl. My bubble wobbled. Everything in me was screaming to run, to yell and scream in blind fear, to shatter my calm bubble completely. 
I was a breath away from losing control. It had to be now.
Adrenaline fired within my brain like pistons. I felt him lowering his pants. His penis bobbed out, touching my inner thigh.
My vision crystallized, every detail registering. Rage welled up. My body now floating on the adrenaline, pushing past that beast of fear.
Action!
I head-butted him, hard, to his nose. I’d been a soccer player, I knew how to execute a nose shattering head-butt properly. The crack of cartilage rewarded me. Blood fountained from the center of his face.
His head jolted back, pain blooming, staggering him off balance. I freed my hands with a quick rip outward, like Lump taught me. He regained his footing quickly, bringing his fist up to strike. But I was ready. I swiped my fingers across his eyes, the softest, most vulnerable place in his body. 
He howled, a bestial sound from the root of his person. One hand reached for his face, the other groping wilding for me.
I didn’t lose any time. I punched him in his throat, another sensitive spot, as I was leaning back to bring my knee up into his crotch as hard as I could. I heard a gross crunching as my solid knee met soft, exposed testicles. 
His howl became a blood-curdling, high-pitched wail. I ran.
I was lame in heels, but I pushed on, as fast as I could, my panting fighting the pressure in my ears.
“FIRE!” I screamed, knowing that word statistically brought help faster than saying help. I repeated it two more times, loudly, wildly.
A man stepped out of the door in a hurry, surveyed the scene for two beats of my pounding heart, and then started running at me. Our bodies collided, both now heading toward the light. Toward safety.
More people popped out, heads slow and curious. 
Then we were there. Glorious light. People. Hands grabbing and shuffling me along the wall. I think my shirt was ripped, and my skirt didn’t seem pulled down as far as it should have been, but none of this mattered to anyone, least of all me. I wanted safety. 
I was passed with gentle hands to the side of the hall door and into a corner. Two people, men both, stood guard, shielding me from the crowd. 
With trembling hands I tried to straighten myself as best I could. My shirt was ripped, showing too much skin. My skirt was durable material, but stained by his dirty hands. My hair was too big. Too teased. Painful at the top of my scalp. And I was cold. So cold my teeth were chattering.
But I was safe. It was all that mattered—safety.
The wall of man parted down the middle, revealing a long-sleeved shirt with a familiar smell. My gaze flickered upward as the material draped over my shoulders. They met a familiar deep blue of my Golden God. With the light behind him, like it was, he seemed to radiate an ethereal glow. And like an angry God, the fury in his eyes as he looked over the damage done was terrible to behold.
Up until that point I hadn’t cried for real. Fake crying to throw Dusty off the scent wasn’t the same. I hadn’t let go a single real tear. I was in shock, I knew it, and I couldn’t feel. My brain wouldn’t completely comprehend. Wouldn’t let me.
When William leaned in close, a warm, comforting hand on my shoulder, his body shielding me from the crowd, from the curious eyes, and asked in a hoarse, though gentle whisper, “How bad did he hurt you? Did he ..." When he was unable to finish that question, that horrible question, which had been so close to being a reality, it was like a light switch flipped. Everything that happened, that might have happened, that almost happened, was visible in lucid color when a second before it was hidden by darkness. 
Saying I started crying was like saying the Grand Canyon was a ditch. I gasped out a “No!” shook my head vehemently, and started bawling. 
He took hold of me savagely, smashing me protectively to his chest. I let it all go. My invaluable bubble shattered. I gasped for breath between body-wracking sobs. He was safety. He was my rock in the vast ocean of emotion and fear I found myself.
When he moved, I clutched on to him with fearful claws. I wouldn’t let him leave me. I was shaking so badly I could barely stand. 
“We’re going,” he said in my ear.
With my face buried deeply in his chest, I only registered sound. Yelling and shouting. William’s name.
We stopped for a second, teetering in the doorway. He exchanged angry words with someone, and we were moving again.
When the darkness greeted us, I bucked like I’d seen those animals do all afternoon. My eyes scanned the area wildly; worried Dusty was still out there. Terrified he’d try again. Sickened that he’d succeed. The bogeyman was very real on this night; he had  a name.
“It’s okay,” William cooed, bringing me in close. “I won’t let anything happen to you.”
Nestled into his body, I allowed him to lead, not caring where we were going. The sounds, the yelling, muted as we walked. The crunch of the dirt beneath our feet loud, my whimpering quiet. In the distance, getting closer, were Adam, Ty and Moose, arguing. Sounds only. I couldn’t decipher the wording. I was too scared to try. As we approached, two people walking as one, the guys fell silent. 
“We’re going back,” William said in a no-nonsense tone.
“I want a second with him." It was a strangled voice that sounded like a distant cousin of Adam. 
I peered out from William’s protective frame. Adam was standing stock straight with every muscle in his body tense. He looked like the force of God about to be unleashed. His body was shaking in rage, fists balled, eyes a furnace. He looked formidable; danger flashing in his dark eyes. 
Moose wasn’t much better. His jaw was firmly set and his eyes were wild. Tornados would be a welcome sign next to these two.
Adam looked down at me and jolted. Such a shock of pain washed over his face.  I couldn’t help but stare. I’d even want to console him if I wasn’t busy clutching to William.
 “What did he do to you, Jessica?” Adam said in a shaky growl, almost a whine.
Moose followed his gaze. His eyes widened.
“The hurt is not my face or hair. It is more my pride ...” I said quietly.
They looked William. 
“He didn’t ...” Adam started and then faltered. William just shook his head.
They both relaxed a fraction, if a couple of boulders could relax.
Adam was looking at me like a thunderclap right before lightning rained down on the village. He straightened up and started walking toward the right, determination and war on his face.
If William was Apollo, then Adam was Mars, the God of War. 
Moose lurched after him, grabbing his shoulders, trying to stop the other man. William yelled for his dad to grab Adam as we were washed in blue and red. The police had arrived.
Hopefully someone had managed to grab Dusty. 
That thought had the last of my fight draining away. My adrenaline had finished seeping out of my now weary body. I clutched harder, my knees not wanting to hold me up. In one quick movement, William scooped me up into his arms and carried me the rest of the way to the trailer. 

***

William set me down gently on the bed in the back of the trailer. He sat next to me with a wet cloth and slowly reached up to dab my face. Even though he was gentle, and careful, each time he touched me a bolt of pain pierced the center of my brain. 
When he was done he stood me up, scanning my injuries with his eyes, lingering on those he suspected but weren't visible.
 “You need to check yourself over,” he said softly, making ripples in the hush. “Make sure everything is okay, and then we’ll take you to the hospital.”
I nodded, thinking the last thing I was going to do was go to the hospital. No sense in having the argument now, however. 
I bent to survey the damage. My shirt was ripped at the bottom, and therefore ruined. There were scratches between my legs where he forced them open, but the skin was intact. There was no cause to worry about HIV. My arms were bruised, as was my throat, but nothing that wouldn’t mend with time. The ability to feel safe outside again, however, wouldn’t be so easy to get over.
“Here.” William held out a stack of folded clothes. “Sweats, shirt, socks—let me know if you need anything else.”
 “Will--ie? Is that what you like to be called? Or William? Or Davies?” I asked timidly.
“Any of those are fine. Just preferably not Will.”
“Which do you prefer?”
“William, actually. But everyone calls me Willie, so it doesn’t matter.”
“William?” I asked, deciding I liked his full name best—especially because he liked it best as well. 
“Yes Jessica?” he said in a gentle whisper.
“This is going to sound like a weird request, but...”
His expression was guarded.
“Well,” I continued, flustered, “he touched my panties.” William flinched, but didn’t look away. “I mean, he tried... well, he didn’t get them off or anything, but he touched them.” I shuddered a little. “Could I ...” I sighed. I might just get out with it. “Could I have some of your undies so I can throw mine away?” 
He tilted his head with a lopsided grin. “That’s a first,” he said as he went to a clothes drawer. He brought back a pair of boxer briefs. “A woman generally wants to give me her undies, not take mine.” 
It was my turn to cock my head. “Really?” I asked jokingly, “you wear women’s underwear?”
His smile lit up his face. “Well, only sometimes. Some feel good, but most of them chafe!”
We both started laughing; trying to laugh away the drama we were both faced with. Seriousness rushed back in with the stern knock on the trailer door. William looked at me in trepidation before getting up to answer it.
A portly man with graying hair and large sideburns sat down on a couch three feet from the bed. His hard eyes assessed my appearance as he brought out a notepad and pen.
“Hello Jessica. I am Sgt. Jacobson. I need to ask you a few questions.” 
Did all interrogations start like that?
Suddenly my body was shaking. A few more tears leaked out of my eyes. William, ever my protector, hugged me tighter.
Then the horrible questions started. “Why did you go outside?”
“I was hot. I tried to get my friends to go with me, but they didn’t want to. The ones that were there, anyway. I didn’t know where most of the boys were.” 
“Why did you wander so far from the door?” the sergeant asked.
“I didn’t. I was in sight of the door. It couldn’t have been more than ten feet. Just far enough to escape the heat coming out of the hall. I was still in the light. Dusty dragged me away. By my hair.”
“Were there any people outside or passing?”
“None.”
“And then what happened?”
Images and pain flashed through my mind. My head bowed, my body heaved with sobs. From that position, I recounted what happened next, in detail. I could tell neither of the men really wanted to know, but had to. 
When I was through, the sergeant nodded. “How did you know how to defend yourself? Why did you do to him ...what you did?”
I took a deep breath. “I had a friend who did—has done martial arts since she was little. She often talked about what to do when a man, or woman, was confronting me. She went through some basics with us girls. Normally when I panic I forget everything. But when ...” I gulped and almost gagged. “And earlier in the night when he was in the chair next to me, digging his hand into my shoulder, I did panic. I couldn’t react to save my life. But when ...” 
I paused and took a deep breath. I hated thinking about it. I hated that it almost happened to me. I hated that others weren’t as lucky as I to escape. William rubbed my thigh.
 “...when he... tried to... suddenly the need to survive was stronger than anything. Everything Lump ever told me came to the forefront of my head. I had never done any of the moves before—except to practice on her--but I didn’t have any other choice...” 
The sergeant nodded again and stood up. With slow movements he took a couple steps and lay his hand on my shoulder. “I have taken a lot of statements about this sort of thing, more than I care to admit. Not many women were able to defend themselves like you did. You did yourself proud.” He looked at William. “I got all I need. Dusty will be locked up for a long time with the amount of charges he has against him. In addition to this, he hit a cop when we tried to take him in. Had drugs on his person. We got 'em.”
William nodded and thanked the sergeant. The two men walked to the door, exchanged a few more words I didn’t catch, and the door closed.
Without thinking I curled up on the bed in the fetal position. 
“William?” I asked.
“Yes?”
“Do you mind if I just sleep for a couple minutes?”
“Of course not. Here...” 
I heard him rustling around, and then felt a blanket fall over me. I thanked him gratefully and fell asleep.

***

I awoke slowly with light on my face and the smell of bacon in the air. My stomach rumbled as a smile came to my lips. Then I flinched. My face hurt.
That opened the door to memories. The horror of what happened last night. How close I had come.
And then another thought hit me. I did not know this room! Where the hell was I? 
I turned a little, looking behind me. Just to make sure. Half hoping. 
No one. It was just me in this giant bed. It was relief, but I wouldn’t have been sad if William had taken me home.
Wait.
My eyes took in the room. It was stately with expensive-looking furniture. Also uncommonly spacious. There was money in this room. Was it William’s?
I got out of bed, slowly, sore throughout my body. I was dressed in a silky, though large, nightgown. Butterflies filled my belly. Did he dress me? Did he take care of me?
I thought back to the night before.
 I remembered falling asleep in the trailer.  That was the last clear thought I had. From there everything was filtered through a strange haze. Cars starting, shaking, rattling. I vaguely remembered a nightmare. Dusty was in it, but details were elusive. Did I ask for William, or were those all dreams?
I did have dreams of him, though. Many. His arms around me in a field of wild daisies. Us on a winged horse, him sitting behind me, holding me tight. The two of us dancing slowly, no one else in the room. In every dream there was William and his painstaking beauty pressed against me in some way. 
Usually each dream sequence ended with  us kissing, or getting further, or going for home base. I smiled just thinking about a couple of the last dreams. 
Could this be his room?
I surveyed the art. Then the clear dresser tops. The lack of personal items. No, it was a guest room. But in his house?
At the mirror I had a quick look, then stopped dead. I couldn’t process the image that looked back. Her face was heavily bruised along the left side. Her left eye was bloodshot and half-closed. Her throat had hand and finger marks etched into her skin. Her shoulder, the skin peeking out of the nighty on her chest…
My heart sank. I shook my head, tears rushing to my eyes. Deflated, I reached for the terry cloth robe that was laid out at the edge of the bed. 
Three steps outside the door had my mood seeped further into the ground. I was was at Gladis’ house. Not with William.
It was just as well in the state I was in.
In the parlor I found Gladis. Her face lit up when she saw me. "Hi dear!" She didn’t look twice at my bruised face or neck. “Breakfast is cooking and OJ is fresh squeezed. Do you want a mimosa?”
I smiled. It hurt. “No thank you.” My voice came out in a hoarse croak. “Orange juice straight up will be fine for me.” 
She nodded without noticing and led the way to the main living room. Once there I plopped down in one of the overstuffed chairs and received a glass of OJ from Lady, who never seemed to be off duty. I then noticed an older man seated across the room. He was drinking a mimosa and lounging. 
Seeing me notice the stranger, Gladis said, “Jessica, I would like you to meet my old friend George Herbert. Or should I say, my young friend of long-time acquaintance?” George and Gladis both shared a laugh. Old person joke.
“Hello, Jessica,” he said in a rich but scratchy voice. 
“Hi, George.” I carefully sipped my orange juice, wincing as the acid needled my cut lip. 
Gladis started talking again. “George, here, is a doctor. I knew him before he got his degree. Well, degrees, plural. He has quite a few. Spent too much time in school for my taste.”
“That’s why you got away!” he said humorously. 
Their eyes twinkled as they looked at one another. I looked away awkwardly.
“Well, ladies,” George boomed. “I have to use the little boy’s room. If you’ll excuse me?”
His air current brought the smell of bacon wafting closer. My stomach rumbled.
“Jessica ...” Gladis’ eyes were intent. “Tom Davies explained what happened last night.”
I figured this talk was coming. Best to just get it over with. 
I gave her a “go-ahead-though-I-don’t-want-to-talk-about-it” kind of nod.
 “I must admit that I’ve never had anything like that happen to me. I’ve been roughed up a time or two, o’ course, but that’s a different kind of hurt--one that was more accepted in my time, unfortunately.” She swatted the memory away. “As I was saying, I have not been in your shoes. I have, however, been there for a friend that was in a worse situation. Much worse, if I may be so blunt. So I do feel like I have some idea of the feelings and circumstances that this type of...trauma inspires.”
She paused, still looking at me intently. I analyzed my glass.
“You seem like a strong girl,” she went on. “But even a strong girl can get weighed down by dark feelings and black memories. I don’t want that for you so young in life.”
I sighed, my patience exhausted. “Gladis, I am not sure what Tom told you, but nothing actually happened. It might have, but didn’t.”
Her smile was understanding. “I know, dear. I know that. I had Dr. Collins come in last night to look over you. No physical, permanent damage. You did what many women could not—you fought back the demons and granted your own salvation. Now, I know you aren’t a religious girl, but I would call that opening up and letting God direct your hand. Whatever you call it, you fought back ... and won!”
Oh good, an eighty-year-old cheerleader. 
 “I can see you are the type to hold it all in," Gladis relentlessly continued, "but trust me, it will fester. It will live in your soul and fester. I saw it happen. So... I took the liberty of asking a trusted friend to be your guidance.”
“Gladis, you’re talking in riddles.” I shook my head. Time to go home. Bacon wasn’t worth this torture. 
 “I am trying to get this out without losing your trust or friendship.” Her voice took on a gentle quality. “I had a daughter—I know to tread lightly in these matters.” 
My brain stuttered on the word had. She continued talking before I could properly digest.
 ”I asked Dr. George to be your shoulder. He is a psychiatrist.” The last sentence came out in a rush, which was rare for her slow drawl. She sunk back, apprehensive. She was waiting for my tantrum.
I just sighed. I had never been to a shrink, but many of my friends had, and they swore those doctors were essential. L.A. lifestyle and all that. I would have tried one but they were expensive and I didn’t have medical insurance or money. Or much to talk about.
“That’s fine, Gladis. I know you’re trying to help. If you think it best I’ll talk to him. But not today. Today I want to eat food and veg out and watch TV. Or read. Or daydream, maybe.”
Gladis smiled big and leaned toward me. “Good girl! C’mon, let’s go eat before Dr. George eats it all. One day I’ll tell you all about the story of George and I!”
Eww…

Later that day I was sitting in the Rec Room, as Gladis called it, watching Gladiator on the giant TV with surround sound. Well, I was actually just watching Russell Crowe—same difference.
My mind kept slipping to my dreams of William. As my groin started to tingle, my memories would slip sideways to the real William. Apollo. Times like when we were by the trailer and his eyes reached into my soul and clutched my heart. Or the thrill that went through me when I saw him for the first time by the bull pen. Or the soft baritone of his voice when he was holding me after the Dusty fiasco. 
“Penny for your thoughts?”
What the…!
“Gladis! You scared the crap outta me!”
She laughed. “Sorry, honey. I wasn’t quiet coming in. You were so lost in thought, with such a sublime expression on your face, that I thought I would give you a moment before I ruined it. Who is he?”
I played dumb. “Who is who?” 
She smiled with the familiar twinkle in her eyes. “You know who.”
I sighed and repositioned on the couch. “William Davies.”
Her expression suddenly faltered and her twinkle dulled. My heart sank.
“Ah,” was all she said before she positioned a little more deeply into the couch cushions.
“Bad choice?”
“Well ... bad choice in terms of availability. Great choice in terms of a good looking, well-groomed, great character and a good-hearted young man. He is a catch, girlie. A great catch, most would say. Which is why the availability takes a fall. Every single girl who has heard of him, and some that aren’t single, are vying for his attention.”
“Yeah.” I sighed. “I know. I was told not to bother. And I haven’t really. I‘ve just played the damsel in distress, mostly. Not by choice! Just sort of happened. And he was always there to just... I don’t know, try to put Humpty Dumpty back together again.”
“Yes. He would do that. He really is a fine-standing young man. His parents did him good. Just be careful of your heart, dearie.” She smiled kindly and reached to pat me on the knee.
I knew that pat. That “it sucks, but you have to move on” pat. I knew all this. Someone that gorgeous, that on top of his game, that ... perfect, would be unreachable. Probably even for beautiful Lump, or witty Flem. One always had memories, though. And dreams.
Gladis was looking at me like she kicked a puppy. I shrugged and smirked. In a Southern accent I said, “He don’t know what he’s missin’ now do he?”
Gladis laughed. She was about to settle back and watch Gladiator with me, but then said, “I almost forgot to tell you—Tom Davies said he would call your boss to let him know you wouldn’t be in tomorrow.”
Geez, Tom was really putting his nose in it. Not that I wasn’t grateful, but still! The man apparently thought money meant he ruled the world.
I shook my head. “I am not missing Monday. I have only been there a short while and I am not missing a day already. Not a chance. I don’t want to be labeled as that girl.”
“What girl?”
“The one who has worked less than a month and already calls in sick.”
“But you have a legitimate excuse. You can’t go in looking like that, with your face ‘n all.”
“I have make-up. Ugly people look worse than this all the time, and they still have to go to work.” 
Gladis and I both laughed at the absurdity of my statement. She shrugged like I had done a minute ago, and settled down with me to watch Russell Crowe get dirty.



Chapter Ten



The next couple weeks were a shit storm. Everyone at work wanted to know what happened to my face, my throat, etc., but no one wanted to come out and ask. I was the center of attention everywhere. I kept my mouth shut about the whole thing, and so did Candace, but that just made it worse. 
Lump and all the girls were in contact non-stop. I got an email or call or text from each at least once a day. I had long talks in the evenings, usually curled up in bed. Except for Lump and Claire, who were both in Australia. They emailed mostly, since the time difference was so great. I felt loved. And connected.
I missed all of them, but was glad I was exploring the world in my own way. The one thing I always left out of my stories was Apollo. I didn’t want to hear the collective, “Go for it!” I was tired of ending up squished by hot men. This time I would heed Gladis’ advice and just stick to dreaming about him. He had as many suitors as stars in the sky, so I made myself a black hole.
Gladis thought that analogy was just terrible…
By the end of two weeks I looked mostly normal again. By the end of a month I was seeing Gladis’ friend George regularly. It was helping, but I never admitted it. No one needed to know my crazy could be fixed. It kept me unpredictable.
By the end of two months, I had a date with a guy from the IT department. He was fairly good looking, nice enough body, seemed really nice if not a little dry, was smart, and seemed mature and put together. He was exactly my speed.
As I was closing everything down, Candace popped her head in my cube.
 “Hey Jessica. You want to come to happy hour with Ty and me?” Candace asked, leaning against my flimsy cube wall.
 “You guys bump uglies yet?” I asked with a leer.
As expected, she giggled. “No! I am being good.”
“Until when? He obviously likes you! The guy freaking sent roses to your work.”
Her face was red. “I’m just…” She angled her head and picked at her nail. “Waiting a while.”
“Making him work for the goods?” I waggled my eyebrows.
“At least two months.”
“And how long has it been?”
“Officially?” She waited for my nod. “A month and a half.”
“Prude. Anyway, can’t tonight. Going out with Randall.” 
“Oh right. Shoot. Sorry, I forgot. He’s a nice guy. Kinda quiet, though.”
Juniper leaned out of her cube and said, “That man is as useless as teats on a bull! My computer is still on the blink!”
Candace matched my eye roll. 
 “Juniper, he works on servers. Not your computer. That’s Don you want,” I hollered. You couldn’t just talk to Juniper, you had to holler. It was something I learned in the second week.
“Him, too! They’re so dumb, if you shoot them through the head, they’ll heal.”  
Candace and I were quiet for a moment, hoping she’d go away. 
“Anyway,” I said, giving another tiny pause in case Juniper was still actively listening, “Randall is picking me up at 6:30 so I have to run home and change.”
“Poop. Well, fine. But it was supposed to be really fun. Oh well. But, if you change your mind, Ty and I are going to Froggy’s. Or if you get stood up.” She smiled and headed away.
That wasn’t a nice thing to say. Now I probably would get stood up!

***

At 6:15 there was a knock on the door. I was mostly ready, mostly looking glamorous in new clothes, and mostly nervous. 
I opened the door to Gladis and a bottle of champagne. 
“Hey Gladis, what’s up?”
“Hello dear. My, you look lovely!”
“Oh thanks. I have the date tonight with the IT guy.” 
She nodded and pushed past me. The ol’ broad had manners, but she chose when they suited her. At present, they obviously didn’t.
“I remember. That’s why I brought the bubbly," she said, moving to the kitchen. “You have to have someone here to answer the door and usher him in for a drink while you finish getting ready.”
“But I’m ready.”
“That doesn’t matter. It’s how it’s done, dear.”
“Uh, okay. But what if he knocks on your door?”
“I left instructions at the house.”
She had it all covered. I let her open the champagne, pour two glasses, and we sat in the living room to live out 1946 when this kind of thing was normal.
When the doorbell rang, I paused.
“What’s a’matter, dear? Are you constipated?”
“Wha—Gladis, don’t ask people that.” Over her laughter I said, “No, I am waiting for butterflies.”
“Ah. Well, wait upstairs. I’ll bring him in.”
As we moved, Gladis glanced at her watch. “He is late, but no matter. Hurry on, now. Come down in ten minutes. Shoo!”
“Gladis, really, I--”
“Get up there girlie!”
I sighed, making sure she heard, and climbed the stairs. Then, because I had nothing else to do, I hid so I could spy.
The door was answered to a very confused Randall, who stammered while asking for me. Gladis, in all chipper cordiality, showed him in and I presumed poured him a glass of champagne. Then to small talk. Poor Randall was probably bored to tears, because he wasn’t a wordsmith.
Staring at my phone for time—also playing a quick game of solitaire—I started down the stairs in exactly nine minutes.
As I walked into the living room to greet my guest, Randall stood up in a hurry and accidentally ruined the moment by spilling his drink. Gladis then made it worse by clucking her tongue loudly and fretting while they cleaned it up.
Not a great entrance.
Finally both pairs of eyes looked up at me, whereby I immediately ignored Gladis’ frown. She would not like a botched entry, fearing my sails would deflate. If only she’d known my track record. At least this time I hadn’t been the cause!
Randall finally did deliver. His eyes were wide and starry. They slipped down my form-fitting dress, a style which flirted with casual, but still pointed towards glamorous. They snagged briefly on my breasts before he shook his head to wiggle them loose, back to my face. He’d never seen me outside of work, which meant this was the first time he’d seen me actually try to look good.
Apparently I was a real dog at work ‘cause he couldn’t believe his eyes.
 “Hi, Randall. Are you ready to go?” I asked sweetly.
“Oh ...yes. Yes. Sorry about the ...” He gestured toward the dark spot on the rug.
“It’s fine.” I smiled to try and dispel his uneasiness. His face lit up. C’mon man, it is just a dress and a little make-up. It is not like I transformed or anything!
I led the way to the door. As I was about to open it, I was pushed aside by a frail old woman wearing a scary mask of disapproval. Through her teeth she whispered “Men should open a lady’s door!”
She was scaring me, I will admit. I gave an apologetic smile and quickly exited. Randall was right behind me, jumping loudly when the door slammed.
“She, ah… hasn’t taken her meds,” I apologized.
He just nodded, risking a glance back.
Gladis wasn’t peeping through the windows, which meant she was probably finishing off the champagne.
It wasn’t until we were on the road that he ventured to speak. “You live in a really nice place.”
“Oh, thanks. I rent it from Gladis. It’s a pool house.”
“Nice pool house. Gladis must be a millionaire.”
I shrugged. “So it would seem. She is a really nice lady. I think she’s a little lonely and bored in her old age. I've become her best buddy. I don’t mind, though, she is a cool old broad!” 
I loved calling her an old broad. One, because it made her seem hip. Two because she huffed at me every time. One time she even threw a pillow. Funny stuff.
 “I don’t know if I would be comfortable in all that,” Randall admonished.
“All what?”
“Money. Too much. It would corrupt the soul.”
“Oh. I’ve never thought of that angle. It really isn’t like that with Gladis. She has money, but she values life and friends. Money just makes her life easier, and she shares that with me and whoever else is around. No soul corruption that I know of.”
“It is just a matter of time.”
Since we were talking about an old woman that’d had money her whole life…I opted to move on. The debate wasn’t worth having.
“Where are we going tonight?” I asked with a fresh-eyed, chipper tone.
 “Well, we are almost there. What did you want to do after dinner?”
“How about a few drinks or dancing or something? Candace and Ty are out tonight. We can meet up with them?”
“Maybe. That sounds pretty good. Here we are.”
We were pulling into a Chili’s parking lot. I couldn’t help my look of disbelief. But really, Chili’s? I was dressed to impress, more formal than casual, and we were hitting Chili’s? Was he punishing me for living near money?
As if he heard my complaints, he said, “This is one of my favorite places. I wanted to share it with you. This one is a little more upscale as far as Chili’s goes, so I thought it would work. If you don’t like it here we can go elsewhere. Outback or something.”
“Oh no. This is fine.” I smiled. How can you say no when it is preceded with a speech like that. 
The devil side of me: His favorite place? Does he have no taste?
The angel side: Don’t judge! He’s a nice guy. Not everyone is lucky enough to live in L.A. with an infinite choice of good cuisine.
We sat down in a booth in a corner of the restaurant. It did seem better than other Chili’s I had been in, but I didn’t know if that was because I hadn’t been to one since I was a kid, or this restaurant was making a valiant effort to improve its image and clientele. Unfortunately, the menu was the same. Standard fare.
We ordered food accompanied by one large beer each. Then the small talk started. 
 “So …where did you grow up?” I began.
“I didn’t really grow up anywhere in particular. Or maybe I just grew up everywhere. I was an Army brat, so I moved around a lot.”
“Did you like moving around?”
“Well, I didn’t really have a choice, so I never thought about it in terms of like or dislike. It was hard most of the time. I would make friends in a new school then have to move. I have always been a little shy, so it takes me a little while to make friends. Then, when I finally did, I would have to move.”
“What parts of the country did you live in?”
“Well, I was born in Florida. I lived there until I was five… or six. I don’t remember much of it. Then I went to Virginia for a while, then off to North Carolina, then to Hawaii for a while—“
“Hawaii? Nice!”
“Yeah, Hawaii was actually where some of my best memories came from. I was thirteen and wasn’t watched too closely because I had three younger sisters, so I went off and explored a lot. I surfed and fished and went boating with the locals. It was pretty cool actually. Short-lived, though. We were only there about a year and a half, and then we went back to Virginia.”
“When did you move out here?”
“I was out at eighteen. My family was moving yet again, and I just jumped ship. I finished up high school and headed to college here in Texas. Been here ever since.”
“And you are …”
“The sexiest man alive?”
I laughed. “Yes, that is what I was saying, exactly. Uh, you are how old…?”
He laughed with me. “I am thirty on the nose.”
I nodded. A five-year age gap was nothing.
We sat in silence for a second as our beers arrived and we each took a sip. Then the conversation lulled, as it usually did with first dates. The problem was he seemed content by that fact, while my forehead was beading in sweat from the awkwardness.
“Well, I’ll just … ah, go powder my nose.”
He looked at my nose and frowned.
“It means use the ladies room …”
Dawning. He nodded and reached for his beer.
All right then. I made a graceful exit, a graceful, half sexy saunter down the aisle, then ducked into the kitchen. A male cook looked up from his steaming pot, and smiled.
“Oh! Sorry!” 
I had an extremely embarrassing walk to the other side of the restaurant where the restrooms were. Randall watched me the whole way, a small grin fixed on his face.
He obviously knew the layout of the restaurant.
The food was served when my stalling restroom trip was completed.
I washed most the meal down with artfully placed sips of beer to cover the halting conversation. He wasn’t kidding when he’d said he was shy. He was happy enough not talking. Which he proved.
When the food was gone, so was my way to stay busy. We were forced to resume small talk.
Thankfully, he started this time. “You come from L.A., huh? Is there much difference to here?”
I smiled. “Yes. There is a lot of difference. A lot of difference. The whole mentality is different.”
“Yeah, people here tend to think westerners are long-haired hippies.” He smiled warmly. “Well, I shouldn’t make that statement so generic. A lot of people in the bigger cities and most people in Austin don’t share that view exactly. But generally speaking, y’all are long haired hippies.”
“And Texans, what, like their women with a butch haircut?”
He put up his hands in surrender. “Just saying!”
My turn for topic. “So what do you do for fun?” 
“Oh, I play role-playing games mostly.” To my blank look, he elaborated. “Online games. I play with people from around the world.”
“Oh wow, that sounds cool.”
“Yeah, I don’t go out much. It’s comfortable at home.”
“Oh, uh huh.”
His turn for topic. “You?”
Cheater.
“Well, right now, I am just kind of hanging with my landlady. We have drinks and dinner most nights. All my good friends were left behind, and my new friend Candace—you know her—well, she met this guy Ty, and they are attached at the hip!”
He reached smoothly for the bill as it showed up, nodding all the while. He might not be a talker, but at least he listened. That was nice.
Out in his car it was decision time.
“So, where to?” I asked.
He shrugged. Not planning to choose.
“This is your town, what do you think?” I prodded.
He was looking at my lips. He leaned in slightly. Going in for a kiss, I’d bet my life on it. It was our first date, dinner had been conversationally tough, and he was giving me a good-night kiss in the middle of the date. I wasn’t sure, but it seemed like this was slightly jumping the gun.
I took out my cell phone. “How about we meet up with Candace and Ty? Have a few drinks? That might be fun. Get a little dancing in?”
He backed off, getting the hint. Or maybe getting knocked out of the mood. Slowly he nodded and turned toward the steering wheel. “That could work.” 
I could tell he wasn’t enthused about it, but he was playing it cool. I was relieved because the atmosphere in the car was getting too intense. I was starting to get nervous, memories uncomfortably looming in my thoughts, and needed to keep things light. At least until I got to know him.
“Are you okay?” he asked me, looking concerned. Probably reading the tight expression.
I smiled hesitantly. “Yeah, sorry. Yeah, I am. I just had kind of a crazy experience a couple weeks ago and I am still working through it. Nothing to do with you.”
“I heard about that. Well, the generalities…”
“Oh, yeah. Well, anyway, um, let’s hit Froggy's, okay? Candace just texted.”
His eyes lingered on mine, wanting the full story, but thankfully, mercifully, he let it go.

We pulled up to an expansive parking lot a quarter full. Granted, it was early, and the parking lot was beyond enormous, but with the size of the building, it seemed like there should’ve been more people.
Randall pulled into a space, put the car in park, and gulped. “We’re here.”
I put my hand on his shoulder and gave him a reassuring smile. “It’ll be fun.”
Before I knew it he leaned in to kiss me. My heart pounded from the suddenness of it, but his lips were smooth and soft and most of all, non-threatening. I let the touch of our lips linger, until he tried to heighten the contact. Without finesse, and with his tongue trying to get into my mouth, it was time to back-the-fuck-off.
So I did.
“Okay,” he said, pleased with the outcome.
I almost felt like being that kid that makes a huge show of wiping her mouth with her arm and saying, “Yech!”
As we walked to the front door, he asked, “How did you like the meal?” 
“It wasn’t bad. Chili’s is usually about the same anywhere you go.”
“True. That’s what I like about it. I moved around so much that nothing really seemed constant. The one thing that was always the same was Chili’s. That Chili’s burger, to be precise. I kind of latched onto it, I guess. I’m sure it isn’t the best food out there, but it’s comfort food for me, so I like it.”
Ah. It was sentimental. He was sentimental. That was sweet. My outlook changed. Not enough to dive at him with my mouth open, but I’d give him more leeway when he tried again. Probably.
As we walked under the green, fluorescent frog that could give Vegas a run for its money, I saw the red carpet leading to a bouncer. There was already a line, but Candace said there was a list, and we were on it. I went straight to the front.
“This is kind of a big crowd,” Randall muttered uncomfortably.
“Randall, love, we are on the list. We don’t worry about crowds!”
This was going to my head a little, I’ll admit, but I totally looked better than the other girls in line!
The giant bouncer looked up as I planted my strappy sandaled heels in front of him. My smile was sexy, my look was perfect, and my hip was thrown. I was ready for the club.
“There’s a line," he snarled. The man was big, in charge, been doing this a while based on his tone, and used to girls approaching to skirt the line. But as Ty and crew would say, “This wasn’t my first rodeo!” I knew I didn’t need to wait. And I didn’t plan to.
“We should be on the list. Jessica Brodie…” I flashed him my sexy, smoldering smile, just in case Candace was mistaken. 
All business, he scanned his slip of paper, then nodded. Two wristbands were procured and fastened to our outstretched wrists. Without a word, Mr. Macho turned in his cheap suit and opened the door for us. Enter.
“Well, he thought he was holier-than-thou, huh?” Randall muttered, slinking in behind me.
“That’s just how it’s done. His first line of defense is intimidation. It means less work in the long run.”
After the narrow tunnel of doorway, in which we flashed our right to drink in the form of a license, there was a small entryway that opened out into an area with a bar on the right and some tall tables to the left. There was a wide berth directly through the middle for those not planning to stop at the bar.
I took a moment to get my bearings. It was always an important step while still sober. After the drinks were flowing and strangers became long-time friends, you ended up in random spots that you then had to navigate out of. Already having the layout lodged in your sober brain, which I always managed to call up somehow, was a time saver. 
After I was pretty set, we moved on, my eyes always roaming so I could assess the digs. The bar area looked like a Las Vegas lounge in the 1970s, with browns and oranges and retro decorations—and I didn’t mean retro as in, old style but new stuff and super hip—the place was in bad need of renovation. The ceiling was low, the tables dingy, and the bar needed to be re-lacquered. Still, it had alcohol behind it, so I figured we would stop for a beer so we didn’t look stupid wandering around looking for Candace without a prop. We might as well wander through screaming that we were lost!
 “Let’s get a beer!” I yelled over the noise and distant music to my date, who was hunched and sunken, imploding.
“What?” he shouted back, looking at the bar and its patrons like they had just landed from another planet.
I mimed beer by bringing an imaginary bottle to my mouth. His eyes dipped to my mouth and stayed, losing interest in what I was saying. To prevent another attempted kiss, I leaned in quickly and shouted, “What do you want?”
He shrugged and stepped closer, misinterpreting my lean. I darted off to the bar and hailed the bartender with my cleavage—it was faster to wave the chest than the arm. His body appeared a second later, his chest skimming my side. I took that as a cue to text Candace. This guy’s dive into intimacy was freaking me out, making me constantly break out in sweats. I wasn’t ready for it. I needed a slow ascent. I needed time to get to know him, to trust him. My mind kept flashing back to unwanted hands between my…
“Let’s go!” I shouted, turning from the bar abruptly with beers in hand and a large tip left behind.
Through the rabbit hole of the bar, the place opened up into a freaking ginormous dance club! Holy hell there was a lot of room. It must have been as big as an empty warehouse! To the front was a long stage atop a shiny, empty dance floor. Other than that, if they weren’t aisles, it was a sea of round tables and chairs, booths to the back and around the sides. 
“Does this place get busy enough to fill this space?” I asked in a moderated tone. Randall shrugged.
 The DJ was just setting up, which meant some random, and fairly quiet, country music was playing in the background. There was only a smattering of people so far, which would’ve filled an L.A. club half-full.
Land was cheap here in Texas. Go big or go home. I was standing in proof.
“Well, their air conditioning bill must be enormous!” I said noncommittally as I turned to the back wall and looked at my phone. “She said she was in the back…”
The back tables were all bare. There wasn’t even a kissing couple. I glanced at my phone again, sidestepping a leaning Randall.
“Oh, upstairs in the back.” Our heads started swiveling on our necks like fools. This was exactly what I had been trying to avoid.
Randall threw up a finger and pointed with his whole arm. I kept a groan at bay as I reached out and slammed his arm down to his side while following the initial point.
 “We don’t want everyone knowing we don’t know where we’re going,” I said quietly, noticing a steep stairwell both to the right and left of the stage. It led to an open upper level that wound around the outside of the square building. 
So, in essence, the whole building was a big box. The area I was standing in was a hollow to that box, reaching up to the top of the structure. Then the second floor sat over the first around the perimeter, reaching back to the outer walls. The place was even bigger than what I first thought.
“Is there, like, a code to going to one of these places, or something?” Randall said in a huff.
“Is there a code to your online games? Rules?”
“That is a game.”
“So is this, doll.”
I started toward the left with purpose, choosing that stairwell for no reason whatsoever, but it looked like I had a reason. That was the only important thing. Then, as I approached the bottom, Randall got his wish for contact. They were much too steep for me to clamber up gracefully in the four-inch heels I’d chosen.
I reached out my hand.
He stared at it.
“Randall, can you escort a lady up?”
“Oh, yeah, of course!”
He grabbed my hand with his.
“No, like this.” I positioned his arm like the guys had at the rodeo. “It’s a firmer base. Otherwise it looks like you are leading an old woman.”
Randall nodded, focusing much too intently on getting it right. I needed to figure out how to turn this first date around. It was going down the chute much too fast. Faster than normal for me, which was saying something.
The brief stint in acting class, where we had to walk up and down stairs without looking at our feet, really paid off in these situations. I kept my head up and my focus off my steps as we made our way up the wide, carpeted staircase. Once at the top, we wound around to the side, passing a smaller bar and stopping at a barrel-chested man in his forties with a no-nonsense face.
“Jessica Brodie and guest,” I announced, looking around like I was checking out the place, even though all I could really see were shadowed areas, a banister, and a whole lot of empty space.
“Yeah, c’mon.” He tossed the list to the side, took a mental picture of my face, of Randall’s face, then unhooked the red rope and waved us through.
“Oh my God, Randall—VIP area! This so rocks!” I squeezed his arm happily.
“Uh, yeah.”
“It’s okay to be excited. It’s like getting to the last level and rescuing the princess.”
Randall snickered. “Haven’t played video games since the ‘90s, huh? Since the main character was a little Italian with a mustache?”
I laughed and hugged his arm because it was so true. “I did win the game, though.”
“By cheating?”
“No!” I laughed. “But the shortcuts were helpful.”
We passed a waitress with a snotty expression, teased hair, and an empty tray. We also passed a lot of sections, mostly empty at this point, for other VIP’ers. But we were in the back! That must be prestigious!
“It looks like a large party,” Randall said, his playful mood faltering.
I followed his eyes to the back of the building—wait, it was the front. It was the direction we came in—stored in sober brain—and saw a large roped-off area housing a team of guys. They were standing in groups or sitting, all with a beer, laughing and causing a ruckus, as boys did.
Big party, but also roped in, so definitely prestigious! If only the girls could be here! They’d go bananas!
I spied Candace leaning against the railing with the pretense of looking for me, but constantly sidetracked by a joking Ty. When he pointed, as yet another bouncer was opening the roped-off section and waving us through, she jumped and screamed.
“Oh God.” Randall rolled his eyes.
“She’s excitable.” I laughed, getting a bear hug from a bubbly, buzzed Candace.
“I am so glad you made it!” she exclaimed. “There are way too many guys, and I know you can put them in their place.”
“Hardly.” Ty grinned. “Hi ya, Jess. Who’s your friend?”
“Oh yeah, that’s Randall, from IT. Hi, Randall,” Candace said.
 “Hi Candace. How long have you guys been drinking?” Randall asked in a somber tone.
“Oh, since work ended. Not straight, though. I had two then went home to change and Ty came to get me. Then we came here and met everyone. That’s Ty, by the way.” She threw a finger over her shoulder.
Before I could lose my lunch on the everyone comment, I saw Adam in the far corner. Knowing he was probably here with his bud, William, a chill went up my spine and tingled my hair follicles. It was like a turkey waiting in a line at Thanksgiving, wondering when it would get the ax. I nearly turned and ran! 
Yeah, I’ll just focus on my date with a God running around to distract me. Super easy.
“C’mon, you guys.” Candace led the way into the heart of the ant hill—the critters being guys instead of ants—and to the largest grouping of males. I searched every face I passed, then the faces I wouldn’t be passing, in secretive, fervent glances. No William.
I did a quick glance behind, pretending to check on Randall, and scanned the way we’d come. Then the banister, and then what I could see of the stairs, stage, and floor below. Still no William. I didn’t see Moose, either, which hopefully meant they were busy and absent.
“What’s that sigh for?” Randall asked as he pushed into my side. He was acting like we’d been dating for a year, rather than a few hours.
Which was cute. But not making me comfortable. I was still damaged goods in my headspace, but I couldn’t explain why. Correction—I didn’t want to explain why--but it was making things slightly awkward, for which I felt guilty.
As we stopped in front of a team of guys, all having stopped what they were doing to glance at the new vagina on scene, I said, “Hi everyone. I’m Jessica, and this is Randall.”
Eyes swiveled to the man at my side, then back to me, some having lost their interest, some having gained determination. These guys were single and in need of someone to chase.
“Let me make the introductions to these clowns,” said a familiar baritone behind me. 


Chapter Eleven



My stomach heaved, then dropped away. I almost needed to put my hands up and scream as if on a roller-coaster. I gave a mighty jump, jolted, and let go of my beer all at the same time. The bottle skittered across the floor and bumped up against a pair of shiny, black dress shoes.
Then it just got worse. His scent wafted by my nose, making me remember a thousand little moments. My groin pooled wet and my knees went wobbly, barely able to support my body. A shot of fear was called up from that night, replaced by his eyes and a solid feeling of comfort. Of safety. I nearly reached forward to clutch onto him, but just in time I saved face and grabbed Randall instead.
“Did you see her jump?!” someone shouted. 
The background filled with laughter and pounding on tables.
But I didn’t hear any of it. I’d met his eyes. 
The world came to a crashing halt. He was done up and looking good!  He had on a crisp white button-up shirt that did wonders for his chest. It was stylish, trendy, and fit him nicely. It was nothing compared to those eyes. Fire lit them up as they held me, penetrated me, invited me to fall in and get lost deep, deep down within their depths.
And I wanted to. I wanted to let go; let him suck me in.
Yeah, focusing on Randall would be a cinch…
His smile faltered as he looked down on me.
“Earth to Jess!” 
I looked away in a haze. 
Ty was holding a new beer, an intrigued look on his face. Everyone else was still laughing, except for Randall, who was looking at his shoes.
Get a grip, Jessica, you boob!
“You remember me, of course,” I said to Ty, coming out of it and swiping the beer. I then juggled it a minute in my numb fingers. “I’m the clumsy one that who to swan dive off stairs.”
“Yeah! How the hell did you even get up here?” He laughed.
All this must have happened in a split second because the boys behind me were still laughing and making jokes about William scaring me. Little did they know, and they would never know, that it was his presence that had the effect, not the suddenness of his appearance. 
“Shall I introduce you around?” William asked in a hushed, deep voice. It vibrated my bones and liquefied my skin. I paused with my eyes closed, soaking up the feeling.
It was damned unfortunate his pedestal was so high.
“Sure, why not,” I said, marveling at how unaffected I sounded. 
He nodded, a small crinkle forming between his eyebrows, and started with the names. My sober brain was too busy worrying about the layout rather than the names, however, so I didn’t pay much attention until it came to Adam, who I greeted with a smile and a wink since I knew him.
 He returned my smile. He looked all clean and pretty, too. In fact, all these guys were lookers. Each a different size and stature, and none so well built as William or Adam, or as huge as Moose, but all would turn my head if I saw them walking down the street. 
“Well, make yourselves comfortable,” William finished, turning to me but sparing a glance for Randall.
“Thank you, garçon,” I waved him away like I was rich and he a servant.
He leaned back with a delighted laugh, watching as I escaped with Randall in tow. I needed to stay the hell away from him.
As I settled Randall on a small square, pleather stool, Adam walked over, which surprised me because I didn’t think he was much of a talker. He must’ve felt closer to me after...
 “Howdy Jess!” Adam said, taking a stool across from me and a bit too close Randall.
“Hey Adam. How’s it going?”
“Not bad. You?” He emphasized the "you" in such a way that I knew he was asking about the last time we saw each other. 
I glanced at Randall in a, hopefully, subtle signal for Adam to shut it, and said, “Really well, actually. Randall and I are just done with dinner and looking for shenanigans.”
Adam glanced at Randall then back at me. “I hope you gonna show us some of yer California moves tonight!”
“Californian moves don’t really go with country music I’m afraid.”
“Nah, don’t reckon they would. Good thing there ain’t gonna be no country. We got us some hipity-hop, or pop, or some damn thing.” 
“Well, then, you better clear the dance floor because I am going to Tear. It. Up!” 
William took a stool next to Adam, damn him. My stomach did a somersault, making me inwardly groan. 
 “Do I hear someone has moves? Because I need a little competition.” William took a swig of his beer.
I snorted and looked out toward the dance floor, which I couldn’t see. “Competition? Honey, you are outside your element here. A little fox trot? Maybe. Country swing? I’ll give you that. Hip hop?” I looked back. “Bitch, please, this is my house!” 
Everyone started laughing, including Randall.
William’s eyes twinkled, focused on me like a predator. “Are you challenging me to a dance-off?”
He was great at playing serious; I was having a hard time keeping my face straight. I brought my hands to my hips and squared my shoulders, keeping my ankles crossed. I was trying to be tough, not flash them.
In the same stage whisper I said, “Yes. Yes, I think I am...”
Adam stood, hands lifted. “Everyone, we have a dance-off!”
Laughter and clapping filled the area. I stood, William shadowing me, Randall confused and forlorn. I’d get to him in a minute. No one was going to try and compete in the dancing circuit on my turf.
I put up my hand for quiet, waiting for most of the guys to gather around. “We have to establish rules. California versus Texas. Boys and girls. Such a thing might have been done in the past, but never like this. Never. Like. This.” 
The crowd erupted in laughter. I did not tear my eyes away from William. He was having a hard time keeping his face straight.
I continued. “I need rules. I need guidelines. I want to beat this Lone Star boy fair and square!” 
William opened his mouth for a rebuttal, but was overshadowed by, “Here’s your order, honey.”
The moment was shattered by the snotty waitress. Adam stepped around William to keep all the guys from reaching hands in, and William started orchestrating delivery, taking the waitress further into our area, and into the middle of the crowd of guys.
I sat back down, letting my knee glance against Randall’s. “Hey Randall, how ya holding up? Wanna join a dance-off?”
He gave me a half-hearted smile. “I never knew in a million years that I would be drinking with Davies. You seem to know him.”
“Oh. Well, yeah. Actually, I met him in the oddest of circumstances.” I gave him a rundown of my artful dive into a stand of balls. By the end of the story Randall was laughing with me.
“But,” Randall continued, “you seem to know him pretty well, now.”
“Well, I saw him a couple months ago at the rodeo. I met him and his friends there.”
Randall nodded, thoughtful. He was about to say something else when Candace came over with Ty and pulled up a stool. She was all smiles and happiness. 
“Hi Randall, again.” She giggled. “Have you been here before?”
“No. I don’t go out much.”
“Oh. In case you missed it, this is Ty.” Candace put her hand on Ty’s knee.
 “How’s it be, Randy? Glad you could join us.” Ty shook Randall’s hand.
“It’s Randall—I don’t really like being called Randy.”
Ty’s face dropped a little, then went right back to a smile. “No sweat, man. You need a beer?”
Randall was imploding again. He wasn’t kidding when he said he was shy. Luckily, I had a cure for that. It was called a shot, and after two or three, a guy had no more edges. Or inhibitions. Neither did a girl. Tricky situation.
 “Uh, guys, I am going to take Randall down and get us a drink. We missed the last call with the waitress.”
Ty shook his head and stood up. “Willie got you drinks. Willie! Hey WILLIE, you deaf fuck. WILLIAM!”
William turned away from some guy with a smile and noticed what Ty was after. He gave a nod and one finger.
“At least it is the pointer finger he’s giving you,” I pointed out.
“At the moment,” Candace laughed.
 “All set,” Ty said, back to relaxing.
“You know, Ty.” I began, putting my empty bottle to the side. “It would’ve been a lot easier if you had just walked the three steps over to get the drinks yourself...”
William showed up behind Ty with two drinks and a grin, “This little fu—ah, sucker prides himself on being the laziest man alive.” 
“Except in bed.” Ty’s eyes gleamed. Candace giggled.
I stood up to grab the drinks. “Gentlemen, gentlemen, do you kiss your mothers with that mouth?”
William looked bashful and Ty said, “Shut the fuck up you nosey bitch!” 
William was holding a beer and some sort of champagne cocktail. I hesitated, my hands hovering close to his. My eyebrows raised in question.
 “I heard somewhere that you loved champagne, and this place makes the best champagne cocktail around.” He winked, handed over the drinks, and wandered off.
I really tried to look away from that perfect ass of his.
“Right.” I sat down and handed over Randall’s beer, then had a taste of my drink. The champagne was quality and the flavor burst in my mouth. 
 “This is goooooood,” I said to Randall, offering him a taste.
He shook his head slightly and had another sip of his beer. 
“Party pooper.” I bumped him with my shoulder. His lips curled, but he glanced at Ty and Candace, currently canoodling, to make sure he wasn’t noticed.
I got up and pulled Randall up with me. “C’mon. You’re coming with me.”
“Sex in bathrooms is strictly prohibited,” Ty called after us.
Randall doggedly followed me down the stairs, offering his arm. At the bar I yelled for two Lemon Drops, an easy shot with a slight energy kick because of all the sugary alcohol. I threw a twenty and stared at the ten and bills that I got back.
“I gave you a twenty,” I yelled as our shots arrived.
“Which is why I gave you twelve bucks back…” 
Not to look like the fool he thought I was, I leaned over to get the shots. That shut him up, proving he was dumber than me. At least I could still think when I saw pecs.
Although, I had yet to see William’s.
“Whoa—“ Randall took a shaking shot glass out of my hand.
I silently told the Cosmos to shut up.
“Drinks are cheap here!” I said as I licked sticky alcohol off my hand.
 “What’s this?” he asked.
“Lemon drop. They’re good. You’ll like it.”
“I don’t do shots.”
“Huh?”
“I don’t do shots,” he said again, louder.
“Well, tonight you are. You need to relax and have a little fun.”
He was mid-protest when I lifted his shot to his mouth, and mine to my mouth. 
“No saying no to you.” A smile twisted his lips.
“One. Twoooooo....” I waited a second for him to gear up for it. “Three!”
Usually I wouldn’t count it out like a high school freshman, but clearly baby steps were needed. 
He licked his lips, which had sugar on them, and smiled. “Not bad.” 
“Ready?” I asked, about to step away.
“So... how come you are so familiar with Davies?”
Why wouldn’t he just let this go?
“He helped me out of a tight spot. That’s it, end of story. Nothing more to report. Back to you, Jim.”
“You seem pretty friendly with him.”
“I am friendly with them all. Why, what are you getting at?”
“N-nothing. It’s just crazy that you live in a mansion—”
“—pool house—”
“—with a really wealthy woman—”
“—who I rent from—”
“—and you are buddy-buddy with Willie Davies and his band of silver spoon boys.”
“Look, Randall, I’m not sure what you have against money. Personally, I like it. I wish I had some. But I was raised middle-class, and spent the last million years as a broke college student. I am not used to the privileged life, but will gladly hobnob with those who are if they are cool people, which they all have been. So get over your issues ‘cause they are not with me.”
My scowl could wilt flowers. And apparently men. His mouth was fused shut and his eyes were droopy. If he wasn’t being such a douche, I would feel bad.
I was about to apologize when he leaned in and smacked his lips against mine.
What was with this guy and kissing at random, nonromantic moments? 
I pushed him back. “I’m going back. You coming?”
He nodded and followed like a hurt puppy. I was running out of stamina for this first date, and unlike at the rodeo, when it was time to go, I was absolutely going. Nothing good came from hanging around just to be in William’s shadow, especially with all the single boys around. They would smell Randall and my issues like a lioness would a lame wildebeest.
After we braved the stairs, I stopped by the small bar on the upper floor. The bored bartender stared at my boobs.
I yanked up my top and said, “I need a round for the boys in the back.”
“Who?” His eyes were trying to ferret out my covered breasts. If he wasn’t behind that bar, I would stare hard at his groin and squint, as though trying to find something small and hidden. Even up the scrutiny.
“The large group of guys in the far back of the VIP area. Davies and his crew.”
“Oh, them. Yeah, what are they having?”
What I wanted to say: “Did you not fill their order? You can’t remember ten minutes ago?”
What I did say: “Oh, um, I’m not exactly sure. I thought you might know...”
Snotty waitress walked up with a few empty bottles and a sniffing-poop type expression. 
The bartender shifted his gaze to her breasts. “Hey, Denise, what’re them boys drinkin’?” 
“They ain’t ready for a round. Plus, it’s on a tab.”
“Right, yeah, I realize that.” I leaned against the bar, advertising that I was an annoying bitch who intended to get her way. If I didn’t order one now, those boys would never let me order one at all. I wasn’t that type of girl. My friends went in rounds, each person picking up the tab when their turn came. I wasn’t going to sacrifice my bar ethics just because I moved states and some boys were willing to throw money at me.
No matter how great that idea sounded to a poor chick that could drink a lot.
“Still, I want to get them a round. I’ll pay right now,” I persisted.
Snotty waitress stared at me for a beat, her eyes scanned down my body in the way women did when sizing you up as an intimidation tactic. It made me want to punch her in the face, which was probably the opposite of what she was going for.
Noticing I didn’t plan to back down, she turned to the bartender and rattled off an order. “You want anything?” She threw that question over her shoulder at me.
“A full round, yes. Please.” The bartender smirked and got to it.
I paid and wandered away, Randall again in tow.
“Why didn’t you grab the beers?” Randall whispered.
“She’ll take them. The guys will tip her, thereby making it so I don’t have to. She was a bitch.”
“Yeah.”
 

Back in our section, and back at our stools—Randall immediately headed in that direction—Adam once again found us.
 “Hi ya, Jess. Hi Randall. It’s Randall, ain’t it?” Adam asked in a friendly way. 
“Hey Adam,” I said happily. 
“Yes, it’s Randall.” His voice was monotone as he looked back the way we’d come. I patted his knee, waiting for the shot to kick in. Hoping it kicked in. Soon.
Adam nodded and pretended not to notice. “How do you two know each other?”
“We work together,” I said. “He’s in IT and I am in Accounting.”
“Good stuff,” Adam said, still smiling. 
I finished my drink and noticed the waitress was coming with her full tray.
Adam followed my look, and then stood rapidly. “Y’all it’s my round. Who went and got this ‘un?”
The waitress was even with me when she said in a sultry voice, “The lady here got y’all the round.” She smiled and batted her eyes. I rolled mine.
“Now, what’d you go and do that for? Ladies don’t pay.” Adam had his hands on his hips like a mother scolding a naughty child.
“That is very 1950s of you, Adam.” 
“Hey.” A new guy joined our stool farm. His hair was a styled mess and his neck sported a necklace of white shells that looked Hawaiian. It made him look like a surfer boy. A nicely dressed one. 
“Hello, I’m Brad,” he said. No accent. “I met you earlier, but I’m sorry, I forgot your names…”
Randall sunk further into himself. It was probably about time to go.
Trying to be friendly for the both of us, I gave a gleaming smile and gave our names. Then how we knew each other. Then said, “Adam, stop frowning, it’s rude.”
Adam snorted and took a sip of his beer.
“Please excuse me; I have to use the restroom,” Randall said, standing abruptly. 
 “Sure,” Brad said, nonplussed. 
I watched Randall leave, my mouth hanging open.
 “Davies says you’re living at the Peek place,” Brad continued, his attention back to me.
“Peek place?...Oh, Gladis Peek, yeah, I am in her pool house.”
He smiled and nodded. “I have been in that pool house. They used to have pool parties when I was a kid. That was when Mr. Peek was alive and the family got along. Well, got along better. I don’t think they’ve ever been a close-knit family.”
“It’s a pretty nice place.”
“Yeah, I always liked that place. Gladis is a hoot!”
I laughed. He knew Gladis all right. “She’s great. Treats me like her own daughter. Nice lady.”
“So, you’re from California?”
I nodded.
“How long have you been out here?”
“A couple months.”
“I’m from Nevada. Not too far from Reno.”
“I’m sorry,” I said in mock sympathy.
He laughed again. “Yeah, shit hole, right? I came out here for college, then grad school. My grandparents are from the area. That’s how I know the Peeks. Knew the Peeks, I guess.”
“When were you in Hawaii?”
He looked at me askew? “Who’s been talking?”
It was my turn to laugh. “Shells. They’ll give you away every time.”
He nodded. “Yeah, I do a couple trips a year to Hawaii.”
“You should talk to Randall when he gets back. He lived there for a while. Loved it!”
“I would move there but the work front isn’t the best. Surfing is great. I’ve been to L.A. and San Diego, too—to surf, I mean.”
That got us in a whole mess of conversation. Where each of us lived, what places we liked, things that were different, things we missed or didn’t. We could have kept going, but Randall finally returned in his customary slouch.
 “Hey Randall. Brad has been to Hawaii,” I said, trying to immediately include him in the conversation.
“Oh.” He gave me a sour look. “Look, Jessica, I’m not really into this scene.”
“Oh.” I threw Brad an apologetic look and stood. “No problem. I’ll just go let Candace know.”
I glanced around at what I’d be leaving. William was over in the corner talking to some guy in a cowboy hat. As my eyes lingered on his face, his flitted up and met mine. A shock of electricity scrambled my stomach. He was all the way across the room, but that deep stare grabbed me and held on, pulling me in. I flushed and gasped at the same time, breaking out in a sweat with the effort of ripping my eyes away.
Maybe leaving was for the best. There would be other times I could dance. Now that I knew Ty’s crowd was into this sort of thing, I just had to make sure Candace called me when they came here again—without William.
 “Look, Jessica,” Randall said into my preparation to leave, “I had a really nice time tonight, and you are definitely fun, smart and engaging, but I’m not really into this scene. I’m not into this lifestyle. I’d love to keep the pretense of us fitting together, because I really like you, but I think we both know this couldn’t work.”
I was struck mute. He gave me a pat on the shoulder with a sympathetic gaze. “Do you want to walk me out?”
It was our first date and he dumped me. Maybe I should have been relieved, but…what the hell?
“Oh, okay,” I said through numb lips.
“You heading out?” Candace whined when she noticed my wrap in my arms.
“Um…” I looked imploringly at Randall.
“I am." Randall answered. "Can you give her a ride home? She wants to stay but is too nice to say so.”
Candace did one of those brow furrows that had made worrying creases in her makeup. She was as perplexed as I was. “Sure…”
I followed him with a numb body. I could not believe what was happening. I could not believe he was planning to leave me here, without a car, in the care of other people, when we’d come together. On a date.
I was crushed, and not because I thought there was a future for us. There wasn’t, he was right. But I had never had this happen, and I had been with some real mess-ups in my day.
He was supposed to be a nice guy! Is this why they finish last? I thought with colorful disdain. My anger level was bubbling up to replace my hurt.
“Well, I’ll leave you here,” Randall said when we were in the bar. He had a pitying expression on his face. “I’m sure Mr. Davies will look after you. You know, since he has a vested interest.”
“What are you talking about?” I asked in a hollow voice.
He shook his head. “Money corrupts, Jessica. Even the pursuit of it. Anyway, I’ll see ya around.”
I almost wanted him to try for a kiss so I would have reason to slap him.
“Hey baby,” some idiot said on my right.
“Fuck off,” I snapped and turned to the bar. 
I ordered a champagne cocktail, then stewed for a second. The numb of bewilderment was wearing off. It had literally come out of nowhere. People weren’t like that. They didn’t leave a date behind. “That was so screwed up!”
The guy next to me looked up, startled. A glance at my expression had him shimmying down the bar, giving me space.
I finished my drink much too quickly, and decided that maybe I should just get a cab home. Nothing good could come of drinking champagne with a bunch of single guys without someone to rein me in. Nothing good at all!
Halfway through the bar I noticed Brad and William chatting up two girls.
 He got down here quick. 
William glanced up as my step faltered, noticing my wrap in my hands, but no date. His eyes darted away, back to some blond with black roots and huge, fake boobs less than half covered. My eyes were shadowed by my lowering eyebrows.
Next to the friend of Fake Boobies, Brad glanced up, and then did a double-take as he recognized me. His smile made the bosom buddy he was talking to frown.
“Hey Brad,” I stepped forward when he opened his body to welcome me over.
“What, no drink?” He glanced down to my wrap-filled hands.
“Oh, uh, no. I think I might head.”
“Nonsense, have one more.” 
William glanced back over his shoulder, gave me a half-second flat stare, and then returned to Booby McGee.
Well, hell, screw you, man. I thought sourly.
“Okay.” I sighed, allowing a relieved smile. At least someone wanted me around. 
Brad immediately dug for his wallet.
I rested my hand on his arm to stop his reach. “Relax, soldier, I got it.”   
This time William looked at me fully. His face showed no expression. Ordinarily I would feel self-conscious that I was slightly cock-blocking, because Boobs-R-Us was pissed that I was stealing attention, but at present, I didn't care. Not one bit.
Also, I was feeling slightly vindictive. Being left at the bar will do that to a girl. 
I dug in my arsenal. Oh, here’s a good weapon. Taunting. My favorite. 
“Do you and your lady friends want a drink, Davies? I’m paying.” I was hamming it up, playing the sincere lamb. Based on what I knew of his dad, and how he’d probably been raised, he did not think a lady should pay for herself, or worse, for him. He’d be annoyed I offered. 
A fantastic scowl replaced the blank face. 
Ha!
Just as I was about to taunt him a second time a solid beat vibrated through the bar scene. The DJ was up and running, and he was spinning some good stuff!
“Brad, quick, dance!” I said excitedly, grabbing his hands.
“Wha—no, Jess, I don’t—“
“C’mon!” I tugged at him, mostly dragging him across the bar, not caring that William’s eyes were following our progress.



Chapter Twelve



Brad was right when he shook his head no to dancing. He was doing the white man shuffle. No beat, no rhythm, no clue as to what to do with his body. Shoulders bounced, arms flapped, and legs shuffled from side-to-side. It was cute and hilarious at the same time. The problem was, he was extremely intent on watching my body move, and happy to move up close.
He was cute and fun with an easy smile. But he was a stranger and I did not want to go home with him. I would consent to give my number, if he wanted it, but that was as far as it could go.
I needed to tell Candace to remind me of that when I was draped over him later.
Dance done, and Brad not needing to suffer through another, we headed upstairs to Candace. 
“I thought you left!” she exclaimed.
“No. He wasn’t kidding when he asked you for a ride. For me.”
“What a douche. Which I knew, but …Well, I didn’t want to spoil your date. You’re better off!”
Perfect words. I smiled in relief. We weren’t from the same pod, but we were still a couple'a peas. She was a good friend.
 “No more work dates." I nodded at her. "Hey, what’s Brad’s story?”
“Girlfriend two towns away.”
“Really?”
“Apparently they are not around each other much, but they are basically engaged. Why, you like him?”
“Off limits.”
A flash of blonde drew my eye. “He brought the boobs up.”
“What?” 
I pointed. Candace noticed the girls and rolled her eyes. She shrugged, unconcerned. She had her man.

***

A cocktail later I was standing at the balcony, surveying the dancers below. The floor was half-full of people with a fairly good grasp as to how to move their bodies. Not great, but there were a lot of white guys who, in their youth, were too busy being taught to run the world and missed the lessons on rhythm.
“Drink.” 
Startled, I noticed Adam with a drink thrust in my direction.
I smiled and accepted. “Thanks. You seem to be following me around tonight. Not that I mind.” 
He chuckled. “I can talk to these guys any ol’ time. Why do that when there’s a beauty to talk to instead?”
“What about those blonde ones?”
“Beauty, I said.” 
I laughed. 
His soft brown eyes took me in. “You seem down in the mouth. What’s up?”
“Nada mucho, Senior,” I said in bad California Spanish. 
“In other words, you don’t need no never mind.”
“I have no idea what that means, Adam.”
“Leave ya the hell alone.”
“Yeah, that’s about it.” I laughed and settled on to the railing with drink in hand.
“So ...” He leaned against the railing with me, sharing a moment. 
“Adam, you’re not going to hit on me, are you?” I blurted without thinking. He let out a bark of laughter and rubbed his chin. I immediately backpedaled in absolute horror. “I’m sorry! Oh my God, that was so rude! I’m so sorry! I’ve had a weird night with guys. You want to hit on me, take your best shot! I’m totally up for it!”
“Totally!” he mocked. He hadn’t straightened up in anger or embarrassment, somehow steering through my craziness with expertise. “I was half thinkin’ on it. But I reckon you’re too much woman.”
Ouch. But then, I’d just thrown water on his fire! 
I took a moment to reflect while I took a sip. He was attractive and just as much a gentleman as William, but… I’d just never thought of him that way. He was good-looking, yes, but when you first meet someone during an attempted rape episode ... For some reason he just fit snugly in the “friend” category, and up until that second I’d thought he was on the same page.
But then, he had a penis. I should have seen it coming.
 “Joking,” Adam said as he bumped shoulders. “No, I wasn’t hittin’ on ya. God knows there are enough men here to do that without me adding in, but I know there’s sum’in wrong.”
I relaxed. Definitely friend category.
“Just missing my girlfriends, is all. I need to liven up a little.”
“You swing that way?”
“Har har. I swear you boys have all the same jokes.”
“Ah now, that ain’t fair.”
“Adam?”
“Yup?”
“What is with the booby twins?”
He hesitated, not looking over his shoulder where a few guys were chatting them up. “What do you mean?”
“Well, they aren’t beautiful. I mean ... they definitely are pretty, but a little store bought, you know?”
Adam shrugged. “Any girls’r better than a sausage fest.”
“Why not some cuter girls?”
“There’ll be others. Those girls’ll be taken down for a dance right quick. Then they’ll probably get left behind and new girls brought up. Same ol’ story.”
“Ah. That makes more sense.” It did, too. Boys will be boys, after all. And these boys were on the prowl. Best to steer clear of those interested in the blondes.
A lightning bolt struck. “Wait. Am I one of those girls? If I go down to dance, is that it for me?”
Adam nodded soberly, waited until I shriveled, then laughed and pulling me into a one-armed hug. “You’re a world’s fair ass, you know it? You are one of the boys. Prettiest one, but one in the same. Besides, if we left you down there, you’d just spit n’ yell and find your way back up.”
It was only funny ‘cause it was true. That, or Candace would freak out and drag Ty down to find me. I was happy that at least I had some backup. 
We watched the dancers in silence for a second before I felt another presence. My intestines tightened up. Must be William.
 “Adam, I think it’s about time to discuss the rules of the dance-off.”
I took a step back, angry but unsure why. William’s eyes, filled with humor, followed. His elation melted. “You okay?”
My hands curled into fists. I suddenly wanted to take out my life’s troubles on someone, and he was enemy number one. He was the reason I was completely ass backwards. Happy, sad, aggressive, left by my date! It was all his fault, I was sure of it.
Blue eyes drifted over my face, then down to my tense arms. He held out his hands slowly, as if dealing with a rabid creature. “What’s the matter? What’d I do?”
Georgie’s coon hunting comment came back to me. In a whoosh, I let out the breath I was holding and sagged against the banister.
Except, it was farther away than I originally thought.
In the next second I was falling, arms flayed, worried I would crash through the railing and plummet to my death on the dance floor. I’d thought it millions of times in my life, but this one could actually be a reality.
William stepped forward gracefully, scooping me up before my shoulder and head hit the top of the railing. My champagne glass went flying.
“Oh shit!” I breathed, held by William.
We all watched the progress of the glass, flying end-over-end, to the hard ground below. It sparkled a second before it hit, waving good-bye, before it shattered, glass and liquid splattering the dirty carpet.
“Hide!” I shouted, trying to get out of William’s grasp.
“That could’ve been bad,” William said, not letting me go despite my efforts. He was being an adult about all this, watching to make sure no one stepped in the glass. He motioned for a security staff member on the ground to check into it.
“Missed everyone. We ain’t over a walkway.” Adam looked out as far as possible to get a glimpse under the overhang of the balcony. “Good thing it ain’t more crowded.”
Both guys turned to look at me. In that moment, I realized that the problem wasn’t William, it was that I was drunk. Champagne can really sneak up on a girl.
“What?” I asked, looping my arms underneath William’s so I could put my fists on my hips. “Someone moved that railing—that wasn’t my fault!”
They continued to stare.
“I’m drunk so it didn’t count as falling?” 
Adam blinked. William’s lips were curling upward slowly, as if he couldn’t believe a person like me existed. 
“Okay, okay—you got me--it was the drink's fault. Seriously, William, what do they put in that beverage?”
Laughing, William straightened me up, and made a show of gently leaning me against the banister. He removed his hands, palms up in the air, as if stacking a card house and worrying that it might fall over.
“Oh, give over. What about this dance-off?” I asked, waving my hand away. “Also, someone stole my drink. I need another one.”
Adam finally broke, clutching his chest and laughing. “Are all Californians this ass-crazy?”
I shrugged. “I’m not crazy, I’m fun. Pity you Texans can’t tell the difference.”
When I looked back at William, his face had closed down again. All blank. Staring. Even slightly hostile. The man had worse moods than a woman in the height of PMS!
“Okay, I’m going to …” I gave a weird body point in the general direction of the section’s exit, as if I was revving up to head that way. When William didn't let on he knew what I was relaying, I started that way. I figured I might hit the bathroom, have a glass of water, then catch a cab.
Adam was still laughing as I walked away.

***

I stood on a very high precipice, looking down. It was jagged and rocky and extremely dangerous. It was the stairs. 
I was looking down at my early death. I looked across the expanse of the world and saw a few guys from our area standing at the railing, watching my progress. William and Adam probably made up two of those, though I couldn’t be sure because beer goggles tended to be near-sighted. Or was it far-sighted?
“I’m not good at math,” I muttered drunkenly, shrugging. I needed a seeing-eye dog.
“Problem?”
It was the gruff bouncer from the first roped hurdle into the VIP area. He was just cresting the stairs, his muscles bulging through his black T-shirt. Being that he was in his forties, that was an achievement. 
“Well,” I began, clutching the railing in case I slid down, then rolled, then tumbled, then split my head open, “heels, steep steps—wow, that was hard to say—and drunk, which I am not, of course, is a terrible combination.”
“You’re not drunk at all, no. That’s obvious,” he said in deadpan.
“Exactly. So, kind sir, it has come clear to me. I wondered, in the most sincere sort of way, if you would be so kind as to help me down the stairs?”
 “What do I get out of it?”
“Well, your face intact, for a start.” I curled a fist and mock growled at him.
Come morning, I would be embarrassed I did that. 
His head whipped back as if I had struck him. He started laughing. “Feisty one, huh? C’mon.”
He held out his arm and I clutched it. Wobbly, but managing.
“How you gonna get back up?” he asked economically.
“Easy.”
“How?”
“Don’t know yet.”
He shook his head. “You should slow down or you won’t make the night.”
“Don’t I know it!  Definitely. Gonna make an ass of myself on the dance floor first. Look for me!” 
We reached the bottom and I headed off into the crowd.
Deep into the crowd. I was way more messed up than I thought I was. 
A Madonna classic re-mastered came on. I danced like it was going out of style. Probably threw too much hip at it. Probably rubbed my body too much. Definitely threw one too many stripper moves in the mix. Obviously didn’t care. I was going for it!
Men came and went. Some more persistent than others. All turned away, of course. I was too drunk to make solid decisions and I didn’t have my girls to give me the yay or nay. Plus, new city; must be good.
“FOCUS!” 
I just yelled that at myself. Embarrassing. I looked around at the bobbing, blurry faces. Nobody noticed.
Time to head away. Beer time. I felt more sober. Hopefully everyone else felt more drunk. 
Man, I was sweaty. Dancing gets the heart rate up.
I made it to the stairs, dancing all the way. There was no one going up.
Precarious predicament.
*Giggle*
I saw the bouncer who escorted me down a moment ago at the top of the stairs. Like he was a bus about to miss my stop, I waved at him with both hands. He might have looked at me funny, but it was hard to say because there were two of him.
 “Well, that sucks.” I took a big breath and put my foot on the first step. I could definitely make it. All I had to do was keep my focus the whole time. 
“No issues.”
I moved toward the railing. I probably looked the fool. It was another thing I would care about tomorrow.
“Hold up. Hold on there, I’m comin’.” 
The bouncer to the rescue!
He reached me in a bound and stuck out his arm. I loved Texas!
“I was nearly going to chance my life to the railing,” I gasped, winded from all the dancing.
He chuckled. “I saw that. You should wear smaller shoes.”
“And you shouldn’t mother me. You’re no good at it.”
He shook his head. “I come down to help you and see what I get?”
“Abuse. I am some bitch, aren’t I?”
“You got that right. Here, I’ll walk you to the back. You with the Chamberlin booth?”
“I don’t know who that is. Adam, Candace, Apollo, Ty, Brad ... he has a girlfriend. Shame.”
The bouncer patted my hand. I noticed he had a wedding ring. Good. He wouldn’t hit on me. And if he did, I had a great excuse to jump ship without hurting his feelings.
We got to our area and Adam, William and Ty were looking at me from the railing. The bouncer nodded to them, smiled at me, and headed off with a “Ma’am.”
I walked in nearly a straight line to Adam and friends. “Hey, boys. Nice guy, that guy. Didn’t have to brave the stairs alone. Now, where were we? Oh yes, that’s right, rules. Or am I too drunk?”
William held out my refreshed drink. It was a beer. How did he know I wanted to switch? 
“Telepathy.”
That sounded too loud.
I shrugged. Everyone was staring at me.
“What is this, a wax museum?” I turned to William. “Thanks for paying attention. That’s awesome. Hug!”
Without thinking anything besides gratitude, I stepped up and hugged him, sliding my arms around his neck and pressing in close before backing off again.
Focus. Don’t make an ass of yourself.
“My God you smell good,” I muttered, his presence eating away at my focus.
Adam had a grin on his face, and stupid William had that blank look again. I looked around for Booby McGee but she and her friend had been replaced with other blonde girls a little better looking. 
“Still ugly.”
Ty asked, “How did you get that bouncer under your thumb? That guy is a dick to everyone!”
“Oh now,” I said, “You just have to know how to talk to people, Ty. Seriously guys, am I the only drunk one here? What was in those drinks?”
“No, Candace is pretty tore up, too. She is down dancing, or using the restroom, or God knows what.” Ty looked at the dance floor as he said it.
“I have enough booze in me to make a spectacle of you on the dance floor,” William chimed in.
I just shook my head. “Does anyone have rope? Because I need to tie my hand behind my back to get some competition around here!”
Adam and Ty broke down laughing. William just shook his head and looked me over.
“Rules,” William said to Adam, still looking at me.
The heat of that gaze made my limbs tingly, vibrating down, headed to one part of my body. My dreams flashed through my mind and I involuntarily leaned toward him. 
Was it just my imagination, or did he lean in toward me, too?
Before I could reach a hand to his gorgeous pecks, Adam stepped up and said, “Okay, let’s have some rules. But why you can’t just go dance is beyond me.”
“Rules are important for cheaters. This one,” I gestured toward William, “will probably find some hot chick to dance with who has moves and helps him win. Ain’t no guy helpin’ me out. Guys can’t dance for shit!”
“Did you really just get trailer trash on me?” William said with a smirk. 
I shrugged, nonplussed. 
Adam continued, “Right. Dance-off. Here’s the rules: one, you’ll dance by yourselves, but can dance alongside someone else—without touching. Two, no taking off clothes.” He looked pointedly at me when he said that. Sexiness must have a slight edge. Luckily, I knew how to exploit that talent of mine while still clothed.
“Three, you’ll each take turns dancing. Two songs a’piece of my choosing. I ain’t judging so I’ll be fair. Watching the other person is up to you since I can’t imagine you’ll use each other’s moves. 
“After the songs are done for each, you’ll dance the same song, but not together. After that you dance the next song together. That should give the judges enough to work off of for a final decision.”
“Jesus, should someone be writing these down?” Ty asked, his air pen braced over his palm.
Adam continued. “Four, you will not get people to cheer for you, or try to create a circle of dancers for yourself.” That one confused me a little but I let it go. “And five, don’t hurt yourself.”
“Oh well, William, you should probably just get out now,” I said.
Ty smirked.
A moment of clarity made me realize that this all sounded a little stupid. At least, these rules were stupid. If I wasn’t so competitive I would have just said forget it, grabbed Apollo, and ripped his shirt off. Well, I would have tried, anyway.
Lightning bolt. “Has this been done before? I mean, for reals?”
All eyes on me. Including those of the guys and girls at the booth, currently crowding around.
 “Oh yes,” Adam responded. “I must admit, usually it’s a couple a’ girls … or more. But this is doable. I am confident in my man Willie.”
“Wha? Your man? What happened to impartial judging? Or ref’ing? Or whatever you are doing?”
Adam shrugged. “Let’s get this goin’.” He signaled someone behind me. 
William and I were still squaring off, bodies pointed at one another. Shadows were playing across his face, his eyes on fire. His mouth curled up in a half smile as he imperceptibly looked down my body. 
I felt a rush of air inflate my lungs. My auxiliary sexual power turned on, revving at his sexual scrutiny. Begging for a green light. Begging to jump on him. 
I stepped up with a slinky saunter, putting my desire on display. We were inches apart when I looked up into his eyes and slowly ran my palm up his chest, lingering for a fraction of a second on his deliciously defined pec. I intended to rub my palm back down, more for my own benefit than his, but Adam laid a big paw on my shoulder and turned me away.
“Rule six, don’t try to seduce the opponent for an edge.” Adam gave a pointed look at William, then back to me.
Oh my God! Was William playing me? I think he might have been playing me! How did he do that when it was my idea? Was it my idea?
I am too drunk for this inner conversation.
I backed up, giving Adam my best petulant child glare. I looked back at William with a “you’re going down” look, but stuttered in my intent when I connected with his eyes. They were still smoldering, immediately turning my insides to spaghetti. I wanted to step closer. To give in to it. To let him do whatever he wanted.
My God, he was good. He was playing me like a violin. 
Focus!
I had seen hotter. I couldn’t recall when, but I was sure I had seen hotter. Must resist. I can beat this!
I stuffed my sex-starved thoughts to the back of my brain and took a business woman stance. Into his still heated gaze, I yawned.
A shot was put into my hand by Brad. William was armed as well. Everyone did a big cheer, and drank ‘em down. It was show time!
“I did not need that,” I said to nobody. Adam laughed at me.
If I kept drinking, soon the whole bar would be laughing at me.
Adam, Ty, Candace, William and I headed down to the dance floor. Everyone else gathered around the railing. This was sooo weird. Weird, but in the bag. A dude beat me on the dance floor? Not a chance.



Chapter Thirteen



I got to the top of the stairs as Adam, Candace and Ty started down. I hesitated. It was still just as steep.
“Here.” William stepped up and gave me his arm.
 “Oh thank God. I didn’t want to try my luck.”
“Why wear such high shoes if you can’t navigate stairs?”
“Fashion takes no prisoners,” I said, wobbling slightly when my heel caught a step.
“What would you do if you had to do this alone?” William asked, clutching onto my arm as I pitched forward. 
 “Bouncer.”
I was only capable of one-word answers. Walking on flat ground in bare feet would have been too much for me with William this close.
“Ah, yes, that’s right. You can charm even the meanest of us.”
“Us?” I asked, relieved to see the bottom so close.
“Men.”
“That’s easy. Any vagina can do that.”
“Ri-ight,” William said, drawing out the word as we hit the ground floor.
I turned to face him with a laugh on my lips. “That word make you nervous? Vagina? Does the word vagina make you nervous?”
William was looking at my mouth. He shook his head slowly. When his eyes met mine the world ceased to exist. All I could see where those deep, clear blue eyes, pulling me in and eating me alive.
“Y’all gonna do this or what?”
William blinked then started. He looked around us then back at me, his brow scrunching at our proximity. Before I could get embarrassed, a sexy smile lit up his face. “She was breaking rule six.”
“Ha!” I yelled with a grin, flushed and horny and crazy and probably needing to pull the emergency brake. Instead, I flicked my hair, handed Candace my beer, and walked toward the dance floor. “I’ll go first.”
I hadn’t even moved a hip before some douchebag was trying to grind up on me. Without the patience I had earlier, I gave him a mighty shove. The guy nearly got air as he fell away. I waited two seconds for the tail-end of the current song to finish and a new song to begin. It was Britney Spears. 
Cake walk.
I started moving to the music. Slow at first, then getting more into it. My hips popped one way, my shoulders rolling another. I turned, I twisted, I gyrated, I rocked, I even threw in a Thriller move from Michael Jackson as a crowd pleaser. 
As I loosened up, I threw out some hip hop moves, saving the more serious pole dancing moves for the next dance. You had to leave some surprises.
The only problem was the “open for business” sign that all the single boys saw. No sooner did I push one away then another jogged up. And I say “jogged” because I had yet to find one guy who could dance. It was damned irritating. Tools, too, the lot of them.
When the song finished I pushed off the latest yahoo and wound my way back to the others. I wiped a fresh sheen of sweat from my forehead and gave a low bow. Next I walked right in front of William, a challenge in my eyes. I must have made an impression. Must have.
“Think you can do better?” I asked with a satisfied smirk.
He saw my smirk and raised me an eye twinkle. He leaned toward me and whispered, “Piece of cake.”
Too cool for school, eh? Pa-lease.
The next song started. It was one I didn’t recognize. We were supposed to wait for Adam to pick the songs, but no one cared that much.
William walked into the crowd, throwing up a fist to the guys at our booth. They started cheering, echoing down to the dance floor. William’s smile grew to one of jubilance. He started off with the Cabbage Patch of all things. Then to the Sprinkler. The problem was ... I’d just found the one guy in this whole bar with rhythm… and he was my competition.
Crap!
Still, he was a dude. And I was a rock star. 
He did what I’d done, which was have fun with it, but manly somehow. He did the MC Hammer, some Running Man, then some freaking Usher! All done perfectly. He was large and in charge, and hot as hell. 
I swear my groin was dancing with him it was throbbing so hard. I wanted to go out and join him; push up against him and grind until the cows came home. Or he took me home. 
The women on the dance floor had the same idea. They were treating him like the men treated me. He treated them nearly the same as I treated the men, which was to remove them. He was a little gentler, though.
“This is how he gets all his wo... I mean, dates,” Adam said next to me.
“What’s that?” I yelled over the music.
“Willie—how he gets his dates. All he has to do is show up on the dance floor and he has ten women ready to throw their underwear at him.”
“Ah. Nice.”
Adam shrugged. “Just sayin.’”
Please don’t.
When the song ended William did a bow, mimicking mine, to the cheering fans. With a smug grin, he came to stand in front of me. I took a nonchalant stance. 
“You’re hot,” I said to him, “but not as hot as me.”
Time to sex it up!
This time I faced William before I started to move. My eyes hit his and held. I started very slowly. Rolling my shoulders, then my hips, while running my hands along my body. I bent at the waist, looking away while my hands explored my breasts, then back as I neared my groin. I writhed and moved, showing off all the things a woman did best—sensual, sexual, sultry! Not too in your face, though. Not yet.
I turned, dipped, and popped my butt up. I turned again, rolled my body around, and popped my groin with legs half spread, a look of surprise on my face. 
His expression matched mine.
I shot him a coy smile, then I forgot him completely, turning away. Here was where the sex dial turned all the way up. 
I pushed and took it back. I did some great hip hop moves with little pops, rolls and dips. No Beyoncé, but definitely a protégé. I flirted with dancing boys who were happier watching than molesting. Girls were trying to replicate the moves. 
Good sign.
I ended with some good rhythm and more body rolls. I threw in some well-placed pops and jiggles for crowd pleasers. I was getting sweaty by this time, and I made a little show of wiping off the perspiration. Then licking one of my fingers. 
When the song ended the boys at the booth were quiet. I looked up at them, thinking they got bored and wandered away, but they were still looking down at me. 
Not a good sign.
Confused, I walked back to my crowd. First thing I noticed was a look of shock on Ty and Candace’s faces. Adam looked dumbfounded and speechless. William...
William was looking at me intently with slight frustration. 
This was not the reaction I was going for. I looked down at myself as quickly as I could to check the wares. All seemed in place; no boobs hanging out; pants still on; my dress covering my crotch. I didn’t even pee myself. So what the hell? Did I just bomb?
Usually my sexy carefree dance was a hit—I’d never gotten this reaction before. Maybe the people I was performing with in the past were drunker and therefore less inclined to get offended? Or maybe more liberal? Less restricted?
I was about to tell Adam that we should just forget it and go back, when Adam, traces of pain lancing his voice, said, “Willie, you’re up.”
William shook his head.
 Heat filled my face. I looked at the ground.
“Get on witch ya,” Adam coaxed. “Get on out there. You just gonna lie down and let her walk all ov’r ya?” 
I peeked up from under my eyebrows. William caught it, now smirking. “Song’s already started. Gotta wait for the next one.”
We all watched for a minute as the people on the dance floor went about their thing. Quite a few of the girls were looking our direction, waiting for William. A few of the men were waiting for me. 
The next song started and William sauntered out, muttering something while shaking his head. He was a little stiff when he got into the song, but loosened up quickly and once again owned the dance floor. He was saving his best moves for this song, as I did with my second song. It looked like he had some dancing background, and he put it all on display. He did more funny moves where mine were sexy, but he still looked fantastic. Girls would probably pick him, guys would go either way, and I would probably lose because of the split. Totally not fair!
Dance done, it was time for us both to dance, but not with each other. As I walked out, William stopped me and asked Adam, “Why don’t we skip to dancing with each other? I think we know what the other can do.”
Adam looked from him, to me, to him again. He turned to Ty, “Judges ruling...” 
Ty shrugged, smile growing. “Go for it.”
Butterflies swarmed my belly as I woodenly kept walking, straight at the sexiest man I’d ever seen. His eyes were wolfish as my body closed the distance. I kept reminding myself that it was only a contest, that he was only trying to win, but my eyes couldn’t help scanning his body, focusing on that delicious chest, his strong legs, his tight bulge. 
As I stopped in front of him, six inches away, he leaned slightly, his sweet breath splashing my cheeks. I thought he was going to kiss me. I half reached my hands to him with that intention, until he said, in a theater voice, “No holds barred, cupcake. I can out sex you any day of the week, and twice as hard when liquored up.”
Expectations bowed and flexed, somersaulted, and came back with different goals. I’d never heard him talk like that. I’d never been so turned on in my life. 
I’d never wanted to win so badly.
“Is that so?” I replied, confident. “Bring it on, fruit...” 
The music blared, washing out my words. He stepped closer, his eyes gleaming. In a quick movement, he pushed his body into mine, his knee fitting snugly between my thighs. He dipped his hips, feeling the rhythm, taking me with him. 
A coy smile on my face, I backed away. No way was he leading this dance. He leads, he calls the shots, he wins. 
Not on my time, dirty mouth!
He stalked me with his eyes and smiled. He knew exactly what I was doing.
He started dancing on his own, waiting me out, figuring out what I would do. 
It made two of us. I needed an approach.
As I was thinking about it he started to slide toward me.
That’s right--come and get it.
When his body was inches from mine, a smile of triumph on his face, I quickly closed the distance with a flourish and ran my hand up his hard, muscled chest.
Good Christ he feels good! 
I closed my eyes and slid my knee between his legs, but not all the way to his groin. He needed to beg for it. I threw my head back in ecstasy—mostly because I felt it, but it needed to look like it was all for show.
I was about to dip back and roll my body against him when he slid his hands up the sides of my legs to my hips, and then spun me around so my back pressed against his front. He tugged me into his body, extinguishing all space between us, mashing my butt into his groin. 
There would be no begging. Got it.
One thing was clear—he was good. Good at dancing, and probably stellar in the sack.
I was so hot I was panting. I put on my game face, though. I needed a “W” here. I didn’t like losing. 
I bent down at the waist, wiggling my butt into his crotch, and then snapped up, hair flying. I went to do a little booty shake while bending again, but he brought me up tight against his body and did a body roll with me. 
That was when I let go, let the control slip. Let the fire consume me. It was when we finally clicked. His movements, no matter how small, accentuated mine. Our bodies moved together, to the beat, as one. We built the dance together, between us. It was when he finally let go, too.
He slowly turned me around with gentle hands. His knee slid between my legs, pulling me along his body. I arched back, both hands exploring his hard chest, moving around to his shoulders. I did a body roll, grinding my groin into his, then coming back up until my face was inches from his, breathing the same air. He moved with my body like a second skin, pulling me into him harder, with a slight shimmy, my leg rubbing him right where he needed it, his leg sending sparks of pleasure into my core.
“Mmmm, William,” I said in a release of breath. I closed my eyes, feeling the music permeate. Feeling his heat. His strength. 
He slid his hands further and further down my back as I massaged his upper body, leaning my face against his smooth, warm neck. His hands slid all the way down to my butt, fingers curving over my cheeks, shocking my nerves, making me wet. He squeezed me up into his hard bulge, groaning softly.
I did a stripper turn and pushed my butt up into him, feeling that hardness, liking how it rubbed. I shook my booty, belly dancer style, as he ran his hands up the front of my thighs. I reached between, feeling his waist, then down, dangerously close to his cock. 
I almost went for it. Almost, but I chickened out. 
Instead, I gave a little distance between us, and then turned in a sensual way with the music. He was looking at me, desire finally in his eyes. He’d given over to it; over to me.
Eyes connected, smoldering together, desire raging between us, I ran my hands over my body. And up, over my neck, ending with one finger in my wet mouth, seeing the fire dance as I sucked on my index finger, then smiled.
I couldn’t help but inwardly smile when he came running. Well, dancing, but he came as I intended. That move always did it.
This time I was in charge, and he wasn’t complaining. I bent backwards in a dip and he ran his hand over my chest, massaging my breast and giving my nipple a flick. Feelings of delight spread through me, tightening my groin to the point of distraction. I cried out. His smell, his manliness, his hard arm muscles wrapped around me; I could die a happy woman if this was all I ever got.
I was pumping and grinding with him. The song might have ended, but we didn’t stop. We changed pace for the next song and continued our explorations of each other, no longer trying to outdo, just trying to hang on. Sometimes we separated to our own dance in sync with the other, and sometimes had our groins locked together, petting and touching and surveying. 
He was a rock star dancer. Everything I put down he picked up. There was nothing I did that he couldn’t keep up with, and vice versa. It was fantastic!
Finally the next song ended and we came up for air. I was so turned on I wanted him to take me to the bathroom like a common slut just to end the throbbing between my legs. 
Before leaving the dance floor, he tilted my chin up, my face pointed at his. My body tingled. Was this it? Was he going to kiss me?
“You are dangerous, Jessica,” he whispered soberly. He shook his head. “I ... I’m sorry I got so ... familiar with you. I didn’t mean to let it get that far. I’m sorry. Please believe it won’t happen again.”
When the words sank in, like a one-hundred pound weight in the ocean, my eyes clouded with tears. That admission made me look worse than a common slut. He let it get so far? Or he let me get so far?
Was this why all the warnings about him? All the warnings that I just ignored? Well, now I learned my lesson, didn’t I?
I pushed him away, keeping it flirty and friendly. I cleared my eyes as best I could with mass blinking, attaching a dispassionate mask over my pain. I laughed, playing a part for our spectators. I had already been dumped by one guy tonight, I was damned if everyone would know about the second. 
“William, Jesus, why the mush? Relax! It's a competition and I ain’t losin!’” I shrugged it off and walked over to the others.
They were all looking at us with shock. Ty and Adam blinked at me for a few seconds before switching their astonished gaze to William, coming up behind me.
Candace was looking at me with a knowing smile. Not knowing what was said at the end. Her gaze at William contained not-well-hidden lust. 
Well, apparently we made a show. 
I took my beer from Candace and had a big swallow. I turned to Adam. “Okay, what happens now?”
“You two get a room?” Ty offered.
Ouch. 
I laughed, ever the actor. In William’s mind, I would be paid for my services. Which meant we would not be getting a room. 
“Well, apparently his effort to out-sex me wasn’t as easy as he thought.” I tilted my head at William, whose face was blank again, before saluting my beer and winking.
That broke the tension.
Adam smirked, and then said, “Time to be judged.”
The stairs loomed, but so did my tears. It wasn’t long before I’d be a puddle if I didn’t get myself under control. I needed to refresh.
“I’m going to hit the ladies room,” I told Candace softly.
She didn’t have time to ask if I was okay—I was already hurrying away.
I hit the restroom, did my business, straightened up my hair, and stared at myself for a second. I looked normal. Aside from the sheen of sweat, I looked the same now as when I left my house earlier that evening. I looked fine, but it felt like a razor blade had been applied to my heart. 
The funny thing was, I didn’t know why I was as upset as I was. I had been trashed and turned down by a million hot guys, sometimes after I spent the night with them. It was always deflating, my ego taking the biggest hit, but it never ached like this. It was like a kung fu master had punched a hole straight through my chest, and was squeezing my heart. 
As I wandered around the downstairs of the giant bar, staying to the shadows and away from all males, I contemplated my heart pain. It was weird that love was always described as being in your chest. Like gremlins got trapped inside my ribcage and were nearly done eating their way out, leaving behind them a cavernous hole that could be used for something like a fish tank, or planting a tree. In reality, heartache had nothing to do with the muscle needed for pumping my blood. Right? It was all in my head. Or my ego, which was still in my head. So why did it feel like a huge pressure was sitting on my solar plexus, making me want to cry so hard I threw up blood? 
It just wasn’t logical.
And all those thoughts meant I was sobering up. That the pain was just beginning.
In fact, everything hurt more—feet from these shoes, chest from the weight that was William’s rejection, head from the nearing hangover, and eyes from…God only knew what.
Alcohol to the rescue. I didn’t care that it was a terrible idea. I needed to numb the pain. 
A shot later, I was chatting with some cowboy with a giant belt buckle, drinking my beer and eyeing the door. I needed my handbag. And my wrap—that thing was expensive.
“So, how about that number?”
I faced the man I was talking to, not seeing him. “Sure, I’ll go get it.”
Off I went, in search of my elusive phone number, no idea where I was going. Which really meant there was only one option. I had to face the asshole. But first, maybe a dance.
Luckily, the numbing haze was returning. Gremlins were going to sleep. The shot punched the kung fu master in the nose, so he buggered off, and the music was taking over for my heart. Good times.
Once I hit the dance floor, beer in hand, the world was my oyster. I picked guys at random, dancing as hard as I could without spilling my beer, and getting lost in it. When one guy got irritating, I switched. I had plenty of options, and I officially became that girl.
Sometime later I had danced with nearly everyone in the world, two at a time occasionally—girls, boys, it didn’t matter—and needed a refill. Since I didn’t have any money on me, or my handbag, I had to go back to asshole-ville.
“Dang it—get off!” 
Pushing my way through man bodies, I made it to the stairs. Except I was on the wrong side.
“Well, shoot.”
Hand on the railing, I went up, one step at a time. It was a long trip, thanks to these damn heels. They were really cute, though. Totally made the outfit. And my legs looked awesome.
Up on the wrong side of the tracks they didn’t know me. The bouncer kept asking where I thought I was going, this was the VIP area. 
“Sir,” I reasoned. “I realize you don’t know me from Gertrude’s mother, but I am trying to go there.” I pointed to our booth across the giant expanse of air. “You see? The guys looking down? Those guys. I am with those guys.” 
He looked at me like I was a drunk girl who didn’t know what she was talking about. 
Oh wait...Yeah, he was looking at me correctly. I didn’t even know if this side went all the way around to the back.
Still, he was going to feel really stupid when Apollo smote him on the spot.
“Gremlins,” I said to know one in particular. 
“Sorry ma’am, you have to go back now.”
“Look, Sir Bouncer, if I go back, that means I have to go down those damn stairs and I am liable to kill myself. Then I have to go up the other staircase, and if I don’t kill myself going down, I will certainly kill myself going up. And that, my large, muscled friend, is a lawsuit waiting to happen.”
He just shook his head. 
I sighed loudly. “Okay, what will it take to convince you that I do actually have a table over there? How can I get past this road block? I mean, my beer is almost done, my feet hurt—my handbag and everything are over there.”
He looked around and scratched his head. He looked down the stairs, then at my shoes. “Okay, ma’am. Why don’t I escort you there? If no one knows you, you shit outta luck. That work for ya?”
“Yes. Lead on good Sir Bouncer.”
He shook his head and motioned for me to go first. When we got closer, though, I saw that everyone I wanted to avoid was at the railing. I decided walking home without money or a jacket was better than seeing jerk-face again. So I stopped. 
The bouncer was not privy to my thought process, judging by his thick mass slamming me from behind. I bounced off, fell forward and nearly took out some other VIP’er. 
“Whoa there Missy. Where you off to?” The stranger asked.
Too bad I was so done with boys at the moment. 
 “Sorry. The Gestapo back there doesn’t believe I am going to my table.”
The stranger looked at the bouncer and smiled. “I can take you over. Wouldn’t want you gettin’ lost now.”
“Now wait—“
The chatter behind me cut off suddenly. The stranger stopped his hard look and smiled at me. “All set?”
The bouncer was headed in the opposite direction.
I got a wave of panic. Who was this guy? What did he want? Why couldn’t I shake this fear of strangers Dusty cursed me with?
“Shall we?” he asked, walking by my side.
With a quick glance around, making sure there were still people to hear me scream, I started walking quickly. William may have been the world’s biggest asshole, but he was still safety.
“So, pretty girl, what’s your name?”
“What? Oh, Jessica.” 
“Jessica, huh, now that is a pretty name. My name’s Matt.”
I looked at him with partial disgust. If it wasn’t so much effort, I would have made fun of him. Jessica is a pretty name? Well, yes, my mom thought so, but it is also extremely average. Instead, I settled for, “Hi Matt.”
Next he’d be asking if I liked his boots, and then if I wanted to knock ‘em.
 “Well, now, here you are.”
As we walked into the area, someone yelled, “There she is!”
Several heads at the balcony turned toward me, one of which was William. Instead of the blank look I was so used to seeing, this time it was one of contempt. 
I can’t do anything by your standards, can I?
I thanked the stranger for the walk over, and wandered away as he asked for my number. Let’s not fool ourselves; I needed a guy with better lines.
I bee-lined for Candace. Brad practically sprinted up to hand me a beer. I can’t say it wasn’t welcomed, but I needed boys to clear out. I just wanted to hang out with Candace and let my troubles slip away. 
“Jessica!” someone shouted. 
Adam was waiting by the banister. He motioned me over. I thought very hard about ignoring him. I didn’t want to deal with him, his friends, or anyone but Candace. I just wanted to sit, relax, and pretend I wasn’t mortified. 
But Adam had always been nice to me. He’d helped me out a few times by now, and I didn’t owe him rudeness. I didn’t owe him my bitch side.
With Brad shadowing me, I walked over.
“Where were you?” Adam asked quietly when I bumped against him.
“I dunno. Dancing. Drinking. Peeing. Being stopped at the top of the stairs because I don’t look VIP like all y’all.”
He ignored me. “Willie, put down the pretty blonde and come up here.” William was sitting next to Booby McGee. 
Bitch going to get punched in the mouth.
“What?” Adam asked. He had a giant smile on his face and leaned all the way down to put his face right next to mine. 
“What?” I asked in confusion.
“What about bitches getting punched? Jessie girl, are you violent?”
I couldn’t help but laugh. I didn’t even care that I had resorted to saying my thoughts out loud. Adam had pure glee on his face.
“Shut up,” I muttered, shooting William with angry eyes. 
William, in his turn, glared back. 
Over it!
Adam loudly cleared his throat. “Okay drunk boys and girls, we got here the two contestants in tonight’s dance-off. Let’s give ‘em a round of applause for probably the most interesting dance-off to date.”
Interesting?
“Cert’nly the most entertaining!” he continued. Everybody laughed. The males of the group, which were most, nodded their heads.
“The judges have convened and the winner has been chosen.” He paused to draw out the suspense. “And the winner is...” He looked at William, who was smirking and looking at all the guys at the table. I looked at Candace, who was smiling and chanting my name.
“JESSICA!”
“Oh my God!” I shouted. “I won! Yay! I won!” 
I lit up! I was so excited! I do hate losing, but if William had won it would have been insult to injury. At least I did something right.
With light feet I stuck out my hand to William to shake. Beaming, I met his eyes. Then my grin faltered. All I saw was distance. A great, wide open space. No friendship, no past, just good-bye. The kung fu master gave me a spin kick to the gut as I stuck out my hand anyway for good sportsmanship, my eyes burning from held back tears.
Why he then looked deep into my eyes as he took my hand, I couldn’t say. He probably noticed that I was a hair’s breadth from bawling. Or maybe checking that I wouldn’t brain myself on the dance floor because not one, but two guys, rejected me in the same night. Whatever it was, it had him lingering, my hand in his. Thank God for the darkness. 
When I got my hand back, I skulked back to Adam, trying not to let my head droop. 
“Well done,” he nodded at me, and then got a hug. If it was a little too tight, well, hopefully he could keep a secret.
Next I found Candace, crawled into the booth next to her, and let the night flow by.



Chapter Fourteen



Sometime later the lights started blinking, showering our table with light. Everyone blinked and groaned, those sitting down were too drunk to stand, too lazy, or too thrilled with the entertainment Ty and I were providing. He was my new sidekick, and Candace was our laugh track.
As I collected my handbag, then had to awkwardly stand back up after I fell over it onto my face, Adam grabbed hold of me. 
“Hey, Adam. How’s it hangin’?” I slurred.
“C’mon, Jessie, let’s get you home.”
“Well, down the stairs at any rate, huh? Death trap, those are!”
As I suspected, the stairs were a fiasco. Adam nearly had to carry me. Halfway down he said, “What the hell would’ve you done without dad-gum help?”
“Someone always helps drunk girls,” I mused. “It’s getting away from those guys that is tough stuff.”
Adam huffed. Then started a weird sort of buzzing. 
 “Huh?” I said.
“How did you get here?” Adam must have repeated himself, judging by the slow speech and thorough enunciation. 
“Oh, that guy. The date. He dumped me. Not even together, and he dumps me. Thought I was in the pursuit of money, or some damn thing. I rent a pool house, Adam. In Texas, where land is a fourth the price of my home town, I am renting a pool house. But yeah, I’m after money. What a stupid turd!”
He chuckled.
“What a terrible night. Some parts were okay, I guess. The end was, anyway. And you. You are cool. Cool mandingo.”
“I need to get you home.”
“Funny story—I can actually get my own self home. I have been worse off than this and made it homev...vsomehow. Don’t recall the details, but I made it. I am magic. Poof. Yes, sir.”
“Well, tonight you are sharing my cab. C’mon.”
I struggled out of his grasp. “No! I am not going home with you. Not with any man. No men! Need my own house. My own bed. I need my own ride. Cab. Own cab. No mistakes. I’m too drunk. Please, too drunk!”
He could’ve been hurt because I suddenly felt bad. My sober mind was picking up the signals and feeding the corresponding emotions to my drunk brain. It was still hazy, though. What was happening was mostly a blur. But he kept his distance, so I must’ve stepped over the line again. 
 “Jessica,” he said quietly, “I ain’t gonna take advantage of you. I wouldn’t never do that. ‘Specially not after that other weekend. This is my way of making up for...what happened. I shoulda been watchin’. I knew what he was capable of. I knew he wouldn’t stay gone. I shoulda been there, I--”
“Sorry Adam,” I cut him off. I didn’t want to hear any more. I reached out to put my comforting hand on his chest, but missed, hit off his arm, and face dived into him. I was met with solid muscle. 
Through his shirt I said, “Ouch." It was too much work to struggle back up, so I kept talking into his shirt, "Sorry. I am a super ass. Drunk arse to boot. Please don’t be mad. I am not used to guys wanting to look after me. Men, they are strange, yes?”
“Does that mean you’ll let me guide you now? I’m not too sober, but I’m at least headed in the right direction.”
“Yes. Can you steer me like this, ‘cause man-oh-man, I am tired.”
A chuckle rumbled out of his chest as his arm came around me. He tried to walk with me sleeping on his chest, but after a few steps, when I actually did start to fall asleep, he straightened me.
“Can’t sleep yet. C’mon now, gotta walk.”
I moaned but started walking on my own. Kinda. He kept a hand on me to keep me mostly erect. Truth be told, I wanted to lie down on the ground and fall asleep, but I soldiered on. 
That was, until we hit the crowded bar. Everyone was yelling for one last drink. Laughing girls and desperate guys prowled, looking for someone to take home. The party was still raging on. And when a party is in full swing, I rally.
It was a huge failing of mine.
“Jess—now, c’mon. We gotta go, c’mon,” Adam kept saying, over and over, trying to prevent me from talking to everyone I saw.
Finally he guided me outside. That’s when I saw the horse’s ass. My chest hurt. Or was it my head that was ultimately responsible?
“Willie,” Adam shouted, “you gotch’ur own or do you wanna split one?”
William noticed me, then gave Adam a searching look. I glared at him for both of us.
“She goin’ with you?” William asked in a way I thought was too slow for normal speech. 
“Volumes are spoken. Volumes,” I said in a slur. “Everybody is looking at me. I have a speech problem. It is like diarrhea. You, sir, are a douche.” I stabbed the air in William’s direction. 
Adam’s chuckle rumbled through his chest again. “Yeah, she’s at Peek’s place, right?”
“Yup. Out back in the cottage, but Gladis will find you before you get that far.”
“Hey,” I said, “that’s what I call it—the cottage. I think that is a title of a horror movie, too. The Cottage. Everyone is looking again. Shut. Up. Jessica.”
“So, whatcha doin’?” Adam asked, an insane ability to focus through all things.
“Well, there’s only one cab I see, so let’s grab it.”
We, all four... wait... four?
Oh look, William was taking home that ugly blonde with the bad boob job. He planned on climbing Mt. Boob. I am not good enough, but she is?
“Oh hell no. It’s on like Donkey Kong!” I said, rolling up my sleeves—which I didn’t actually have—and heading straight for her. I was absolutely going to punch her. I barely remembered why, but I was mad and hurt and pissed and mad—bitch was getting punched.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa, Jessie girl. Let’s take it down a notch. Slow your roll.”
“Adam,” I said, struggling against the hand he had on my shoulder, “are you trying to sound … I don’t even know what you are trying to sound, but it ain’t workin’ compadre.”
“Cool,” he said, to apparently mimic a Californian.
With the cab right in front of us, I relented my assault. Barely. Fighting was just too hard with Adam’s opposition, and walking too hard without his help. He was almost as good as Lump, but he didn’t talk me down while he was keeping me awake.
“I miss Lump.”
William got in the front of the cab and I got in the middle with Booby McGee on one side and Adam on the other. I really wanted to say something to William, but didn’t want to embarrass myself anymore.
I think I actually said Booby McGee out loud, though, because Adam tried to stifle a chuckle and I got a glare from the girl next to me.
How do ya like me now?
Lost in my own thoughts, I didn’t pay attention to the ride home, but I was the first to get dropped off. 
“Alright, Jess, you need help getting’ where yer goin’?” Adam asked, dragging me out of the car.
“’M good.”
William was there, too.
“Getting out to sit next to your lady lurve?” I asked belligerently. 
“Be nice, Jess,” Adam droned.
“Meh. He doesn’t deserve it. Hug, Adam. Thank you.”
I was about to step away from Adam and head toward home when William was in my way. God I was sad. Drunk and sad. He made me sad. And now he was taking that horrible girl home. So gross.
Not letting tears come to my eyes, I tilted my head back and met those beautiful blue eyes for what I hoped was the last time. 
“Good-night,” he said softly, his breath dusting my eyelashes, his hand on my shoulder.
I could have easily hugged him. I was pretty sure that’s what he wanted.
“You, too. Sweet dreams,” I said sarcastically. Then I was walking away. Stumbling across the wide expanse of grass, tears surfacing, and then overflowing.
“Your home or mine?”
Gladis was silhouetted in her large entryway, the door thrown wide, welcoming light and warmth, a beacon.
“Yours!” I shouted back. She was a mind reader.
 “Do you ever sleep?” I asked, not allowing myself to turn around when she waved at the cab.
“Looks like someone needs some aspirin.” She laughed at me.
“Yes,” I was already crying.
The disappointments of the night caught up to me and I just let it all out. Gladis had seen me through worse nightmares.
She quickly closed the door and put an arm around me. She escorted me to the parlor, sat me down on the cushy couch, and went to get me coffee. Old people always thought coffee sobered a person up. I didn’t have the heart to tell her that water was the real cure. And sleep.
When she came back I drunkenly told the whole story of the night. All the gory details. For some reason I was never embarrassed to admit all to Gladis. She never judged.
When I finished, she said simply, “This too shall pass.”
I sighed deeply. “But, Gladis, he went home with Booby McGee! I am classier than her. Well, maybe not right this minute, but I am prettier.”
“Oh, that doesn’t mean a thing. You surely got him riled up with your dancin’, and the one thing you must always remember, when it doesn’t count, mind, is that boys will be boys. Even those who are gentlemen the rest of the time will still find a way to be bad news some of the time.”
“But why not me?”
“Oh honey, he has more respect for you than that. And more respect for me! I said gentlemen would be boys when it doesn’t count. With you, it counts. You are connected to his family, so he wouldn’t dream of smearing your name.”
“I am not connected to anybody here.”
“You are connected to me, and I am connected to that boy’s family. He would have another thing comin’ if he used and discarded you like a piece of trash! I would have his skin, for one. And he knows it, too.”
I continued to cry through the pain.

***

That night and for the next couple months following I slept poorly. I often dreamt that I was falling or being chased. I always woke up right before I hit the ground or the person caught me. 
I stayed away from anywhere William might be. Candace was repeatedly frustrated that I wouldn’t go out with them. We did a girl’s night here and there, but when I would hear that Ty was going to show up I would take off. 
I just didn’t want any contact or any reminders of William until I was over the whole experience. Any at all. He was the crack dealer to the gremlins, allowing them to rip me up during the day and in my dreams at night. He was the fury to my kung fu master who occasionally connected well-placed blows. Bottom line, it just hurt too much.
I didn’t even stop to ponder why I was so far gone on a guy I had just met. Yes, he was my rock, my safety blanket with the whole life-altering Dusty situation. But I was working that out with Dr. George. Finding a sense of power in myself, which diminished my desire for William’s safety net, but it had no effect on my desire for William as a man. 
He was also the most gorgeous guy I had ever met. Granted, there were, of course, better-looking men in the world, but not to me. He had that right amount of manliness, that body, those broad shoulders, that smell, those eyes, that ability to reach into me and pull me to him—
Those thoughts felt like an arrow piercing my chest.
Regardless, those were just looks, and looks go. So why would I be hanging onto this? It just didn’t make sense. This whole stupid thing didn’t make sense. 
At Gladis’ urging I was dating again. I was told, "Get back in the saddle, young lady! Get up when life knocks you down!"
Somehow that stranger from the bar managed to find out who I was and call me. That guy who said Jessica was a beautiful name. And because I was a glutton for punishment, I had gone out with him a couple times. I couldn’t say I was really into him. He was good-looking with auburn hair, wide set brown eyes, probably six feet, and great sense of style. He had a slight build—not as thin as me, but thin for a guy. 
He seemed to have gobs of money. Usually that was a good thing, but he splashed it around and made a big show of it. We went to nice restaurants that were expensive just because they looked gaudy—the food was not great. He drove a Porsche that had fairly cheap leather interior. He tried to show off his new Gucci watch, or his Prada sunglasses, but they were put on the market a couple seasons before and were probably on the sale rack, which isn’t impressive to those who know designers, of which I was one, even though I could never afford the clothes or even the accessories.
But I got back in that saddle, like Gladis said. I dated again. Got flowers. Got praised and fawned over. But I didn’t get laid. I let him spend a little money on me, enjoyed a few bits of otherwise dull conversations, and headed home. A couple kisses, no feeling, no petting, definitely no sex!
Gladis never said boo about me dating him, but I could tell she wasn’t real enthused. He had good manners and always stood up to code with whatever rules Gladis had, so he wasn’t like Randall, but she just never seemed to say anything nice about him. She never said anything at all, actually, which meant she probably had only discouraging things to say.
So no sex with him, and no sex with anyone. Gladis had me worried I would be viewed as some kind of “painted lady” or something. I didn’t even know what that meant and I was afraid of it.
Instead of dating and going out, I started working out a lot instead. Every day I hit the gym or dance classes. Why not? What else did I have to do? 
When my body needed a rest, or after I was done working out, I would cook or read. I either had Gladis and Lady over to eat at my place when I was cooking, or went to the Big House when I wasn’t. 
Three months this carried on. Three long, miserable months. Gladis was getting worried about me, and Dr. George, whom I had stopped seeing, called “out of the blue” for a follow-up appointment. 
The bottom line wasn’t that there was something wrong with me, it was just that all my friends in Texas were either married and went home evenings (JP and a couple other people from work) or were connected with William (Candace, Ty, Adam, Moose). 
I finally just gave in, called a spade a spade, and started looking for jobs in L.A. I hated to leave the company I currently worked for, but I had friends and a life in L.A. Or hell, maybe I would go off to Australia with Lump and find me an Aussie.
It was a day after that decision that I received the phone call.
“This is Jessica,” I answered in mild surprise. I didn’t get many calls on my work line.
 “Do you have to yell it across the world?” Juniper shouted from behind her plant. Professional was her middle name.
“Jess? Jessica?” Lady asked confusedly. 
“Hi Lady. What’s up?”
“Jessica—Gladis had an accident. She’s been taken to the hospital.” 
My blood froze in my veins. Rigidly, clutching the phone in a white-knuckled grip, I fought to remain calm. “What do you mean an accident, Lady? What happened?”
“She was walking down the stairs and tripped. She didn’t fall far, but… She is okay. I wasn’t on duty yet. That excuse for a maid was there! But Gladis might have broken something …”
“Where is she, Lady?”
I got all the info for the hospital and literally ran into my boss’ office. In one breath I told him what happened and said I had to go to the hospital ASAP. He complied without thought or emotion, and I was out the door. 



Chapter Fifteen



I sat into my car and said a little prayer. It was on its last leg. Half the time it coughed to life instead of started. I needed a new one, but didn’t want to buy one here if I was going back to L.A. or over to Australia. I barely got it started.
Now I was pushing it. It started to smoke but I kept going. Sure, Gladis was probably fine, but she had been basically my best friend for the last three months. She had helped me heal from the Dusty thing, she was my shoulder to cry on for the William thing, and she was always around to cheer me up, or just hang out. Now she might need me, and I was damned sure going to return the favor.
The car died a block from the hospital. It needed water. Well, what it needed was a new radiator, but water could get it further. Not bothering, I got out and started hoofing it. I didn’t want to run because I was in new shoes and they would tear up my feet, so I walked quickly. I was still a limping, sweaty mess by the time I got there. 
One step through the automatic sliding glass doors had me hesitating. I hated hospitals. I hated the death I could find here. Even that blast of smell, the sterilized musty odor, had my stomach turning in knots and trying to purge.
 Gladis was in here though, and she needed me to be strong. She needed a friend, not a wimp. Steeling my courage, I plowed through the square halls along the shiny white floor.
As I finally walked through the door to her room I ran into Lady. 
She reared like a spooked horse. “Jessica!”
“Sorry—“
 “Jessica, this place is filled with morons!” Lady seethed with her hands on her hips. “Thousands of dollars a day and no one can get a cup of water. Useless!” She stepped around me and walked out the door at a brisk, determined pace.
I glided into the room, trying not to touch anything hospital, including the floor. Gladis lay in the horrible barred bed, her gray hair wispy against the pillows. She looked so small and fragile.
I curled my hands into fists, focused all my bearing on not crying. On not succumbing to my panic. And mostly failing. “Hey Gladis.”
She opened her eyes. “Quit cryin’ girl, I’m not dyin’!”
I smiled through my tears. “Sorry. What happened?”
She chuckled. “I fell down the stairs. In my youth everyone would think that my husband was beatin’ me. Now they just think I’m clumsy.”
“Nah, in the past they just said to your face they thought your husband was beating you. They really thought you were clumsy your whole life!”
I dragged a chair to her bedside.
 “S-so…” I stammered. “What’s wrong with you?”
“I sprained something or other. They thought it was a broken hip at first, but there wasn’t that much damage. Just careless was all.”
I nodded. Lady came back in with some water followed by a nurse.
Gladis asked Lady, “Did you let the kids know?”
Lady nodded.
“How long ago?”
“A little over an hour.”
“Did you leave a message or talk to them?”
“Messages.”
“Hmph." Gladis turned back to me with a glower. "You watch, Jessica. One of them will show up, check in, and then report back to the others. They are just waiting for me to check out of life so they can cash in!”
“Don’t talk like that Ms. Peek. That ain’t the way t’all,” Lady said. It sounded like she’d said it a million times.
Gladis rolled her eyes at me. “Just wait and see.”

The afternoon and early evening had passed. The sun had set and Lady, Gladis and I were sitting around playing backgammon when the first of a long string of flowers arrived. Gladis’ step-kids still hadn’t shown up or called. 
Lady jumped up and checked the tag. “Mr. and Mrs. Markenson and sons.” 
“Oh, that’s nice,” Gladis said. The game continued.
A couple hours later, Gladis started to doze. Without speaking a word, Lady and I cleaned up the game with economic efficiency, and I was out the door, not wanting to wake her. She wouldn’t want me going back to an empty house and would try to stay up. Which was pointless. There was no way I was sleeping in a hospital. Never again.

***

The next evening, after having used gallons of water to get my limping beast moving again, I smuggled in chocolates. I had done a great job of controlling my tears until I heard that Gladis had surgery that morning on her hip.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” I roared.
A nurse poked her head in.
“Jessica, you are hysterical,” Gladis placated.
“Yes, I am! You should have told me!”
“You would have only worried.”
“Which is my job to do, so you don’t have to. Don’t keep that kind of stuff from me again!”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Told you,” Lady said smugly from her chair in the corner. She was knitting a scarf out of electric blue yarn.
Gladis just sighed.
“What did they do to you?” I prompted. “What was the damage?”
“Just a few pins, is all. But it’s still my bones. I don’t need a new hip quite yet.”
“A few pins? How bad was…?” I stopped mid-tirade and pinched the bridge of my nose. “I need a freaking coffee.”
I stormed off. Hospitals made me crazy. More crazy, truth be told. Add that to Gladis withholding information …
I wanted to explode. And cry. Definitely cry.
After making my point in the cafeteria, and getting extremely bored and uncomfortable, I trudged back, intending to make them suffer a few more minutes with my sulky attitude. As I neared the room I caught a familiar scent. Like a bloodhound, my nose honed in.
Gremlins in my chest started clawing with vigor, scratching to get out. Ripping my heart apart. 
Eyes closed, I stopped in the doorway. Then shook my head. I wasn’t strong enough for this. Gladis not revealing how serious her injury really was, an extended period in the hospital, and now this? No.
I turned, planning to leave my purse behind and come back later.
“Jessica, dear, come in,” Gladis called.
Damn her! 
Tom Davies, a woman his age who I assumed was Denise Davies, and William turned around to regard me. 
I peeked around Tom to catch Gladis looking stone-faced. My eyes pleaded, looking for an excuse. I got nothing.
“Sure,” I said quietly, looking at the floor as long as I could.
 “This is Jessica,” Gladis said to the room, not waiting for me to get to the far side of her bed. 
I turned and faced the onlookers, courage barely keeping my back straight. The only one I didn’t know was William’s mother. She was shorter than me with elegantly highlighted hair. How is hair elegant? With a ton of money, that’s how. It had about four tones of dark blond all mixed together in symmetry. No roots, either. She probably kept it up constantly with hair appointments every six weeks.
Her large string of pearls set off her sophisticated outfit. She had William’s way of carrying herself, or I should say he inherited hers—all confidence, but with an ease to her that didn’t shout ego. She was the model of grace. Oh yeah, and she had a giant diamond on her finger. Tom's fellow owner of the world.
“Jessica, I believe you know Tom,” Gladis said. 
“Hi again!” I said delightedly. 
He smiled and nodded his head in return. 
“This is Tom’s wife, Denise,” Gladis continued.
“Hello Mrs. Davies. Pleased to meet you.” 
“It’s a pleasure,” she replied with an easy smile.
It was then that I noticed her bag. It was a Louis Vuitton that I hadn’t seen before, and I was up on all the latest. It was the cutest bag ever! Mid-sized bowling ball style, fairly simple, black with the classic LV’s etched.  
“Oh my God,” I exclaimed. “I love that bag! That must be new to the shelves, if you didn’t get it before release. I haven’t seen it yet.”
She looked down at her bag and up at me with interest. “Why yes, actually. I just got it today. First release. Do you own Louis Vuitton?”
I smiled sheepishly. “I don’t, no. I have a friend who has a few. I tend to steer toward Prada or Gucci, but I still love to look for that great find.” I didn’t mention that I didn’t have Prada or Gucci bags, either, but someday I would love to.
“Oh.” She nodded politely. 
And now I see where William got his standards. Well, phooey.
“And Willie,” Gladis finished.
Do or die time. Without skipping a beat, I let my eyes slide left. My heart slid down to my stomach. I stopped myself from gulping.
He was just as handsome as I remembered. His hair was a little shorter, he was a little tanner, his muscles looked a little bigger, but the same clear blue, Caribbean eyes that could reach out and shake my hand on their own. Butterflies filled my stomach and my groin started throbbing. Cupid was raging war on the kung fu master. My heart was shoved into my feet to make room.
Lump always talked about muscle memory. Doing something over and over again until your body did it on its own with little prompting or thinking. I wasn’t sure if there was such a thing as emotion memory, but if there was, I was now experiencing it. 
It seemed like a few days ago that I danced with him, felt him against me. It could’ve been last night that he held me close after the Dusty thing, promising safety with the warmth of his body. No time since he reached out to wipe away a tear rolling down my cheek.
“Hello again, William. It is nice to see you,” I said pleasantly, hoping to hide my misery. I was casual, I was unaffected, I was staying strong. Nothing to it.
I was an exceptional actor.
“Hi, Jessica. It's been a long time.” His voice was just as deep and smooth as I remembered. His distance was just as great.
Would it be weird of me to start crying? 
I went to stand on the other side of Gladis’ bed, partially to hide my visuals for two seconds while the pain left my face and settled into my body, and partially to put some space between myself and the Golden God, now as radiant as ever. I wondered if he was still with that big-boobed woman? Or maybe someone else?
Gladis and the Davies clan started talking pleasantries. I tried to pay attention. I did try. Instead, I pulled the trick you master in school where you look interested and follow the conversation with your eyes, but your brain is at least a thousand miles from your body.
The hurt from what he said to me on the dance floor, and seeing him leave with Booby McGee, was so fresh it was like the knife was still twisting in my gut. If I concentrated hard enough I could hear the blade scraping against my rib bone. It was a disgusting sound.
Every time I tried to clear my head and focus on my surroundings his scent would waft by and physical pain would manifest. My whole body was both fluttering and tingling with electricity. I felt the hurt mixed with the elation of seeing him again, mixed with the desperation to touch him, mixed with the primal urge to flee from the pain. 
It was then that I realized the room had gone quiet and everyone was looking at me. Looking to Gladis for a cue, I followed her gaze to Tom. Who must have just asked me a question, being that his eyebrows were raised quizzically.
I smiled bashfully. “I’m sorry, Tom. My thoughts trailed away to other matters.” 
He smiled with knowing. “I was just asking how it is going at work?”
“Oh. Great! I really like it there. The company is good to its employees so it’s a really nice working environment. Thank you for asking.”
“And how do you find your bosses?”
“I just have the one—Mr. Nash. He is okay. He pretty much just tells me what he needs and I figure out a way to get it for him. It’s pretty easy work. I’ve asked for more responsibility but no one has any at the minute, so…”
Tom nodded and looked at William, who also nodded. It occurred to me that I might’ve missed an important part of the conversation.
Tom began again. “The business is growing so it is a good possibility there will be new, higher-level positions opening up. I’ve heard you might qualify for some of those. You should consider applying to see if your skills fit our needs.”
Our needs? 
I shook my head. “I’m sorry, I must have missed something. Forgive me if I sound dense, but… how exactly do you fit into the business?”
Tom’s eyes widened in surprise. He looked at William again, making me want to scream at him to stop turning to William for answers. William slightly shook his head. Tom looked at Gladis, who didn’t move at all, then back to me. 
“Oh. Well. I had thought someone told you by now. Well … I own the company. My family does, I mean.”
Well. Do me right up the backside. Wait, let me bend over first—make it easy on you. 
My eyes must have looked like saucers and my mouth hung open. If I had a big tongue, it would have rolled out over my teeth and hung down the side of my chin.
I tried to recover quickly, but I just didn’t know what to say. I looked at William, changed my mind, and jerked my head to Tom while I said, “Well, good thing I like my job or I might have said something negative. Ha ha.”
That seemed to ease the tension somewhat. 
Someone might have mentioned his ownership—like freaking Candace! I was gonna kill her! Gladis would be getting yelled at again, too! 
In the meantime I went numb. Nail in the coffin. 
“Anyway,” Tom continued, “I've heard a lot of great things about your work performance. You've been with us a short time, but already it seems you’ve outgrown your current position. There is room for you to advance, should you choose to.”
“Great!” I said enthusiastically. “If I am still in the area I will definitely apply for any positions where I can continue to grow. Thank you for the acknowledgement.” 
My smile couldn’t get any cheesier.
“If you are in the area?” William asked evenly.
My eyes automatically found his. With my new state of numbness, I could appreciate his appearance without any negative emotions. His new haircut really suited his face. The dark of his hair accented the light of his eyes. At the moment they seemed to glow. He was so handsome it made my mouth water. 
“I might be going back to L.A.. Or to Australia. I’m leaning toward Australia but haven’t made a final decision.”
Gladis cleared her throat, drawing my eyes. She spoke up in the calm tone she saved for when she was mad in public. “You haven’t mentioned this to me.”
I took a subtle, but deep, breath. “I haven’t confirmed my plans yet. I might stay here, I’m not sure. I would, of course, give everyone plenty of advanced notice.” I touched everyone of note with my gaze.
“You haven’t been here long. Why would you leave so soon?” Denise asked with mild curiosity.
“Uh, well, I do love the area, I just don’t know that I am fitting into it as well as I could. It could just be the culture shock from L.A.. I really don’t know. Again, I haven’t decided anything yet. I am still weighing all my options.”
“Well,” Tom said, “I do hope you stay. Either way, young people have to see the world. You have three weeks of vacation, so that's an option as well.”
William’s eyes were boring into me as he said, “You have a lot of friends here who would hate to see you go. You should think of them before you make any final decisions.” 
I blinked at him. Uh ... I guess, but not really. Candace and Gladis. JP might get a twinge of sadness that he lost his lunch buddy, but that was about it. It was an odd comment with no warmth. Actually, it was a touch hostile. I really didn’t need that kick while I was lying face down in the proverbial mud. 
Denise was looking at him in slight confusion. 
I nodded. Time to go.
I excused myself from Gladis and everyone and headed out the door. It might have been rude, but I really didn’t care at that moment. I made up my mind--Australia it is! 


When I got home, which was a touch and go affair with my dying car, I took a shower and rooted around in my closet for a pair of sweats. I couldn’t find the stupid things, but I did stumble upon one of my skinny dresses from before I moved to Texas. It was one of those dresses that you couldn’t bear to throw away because it was so cute, but that ten pounds of “water weight“ that never went away prevented you from squeezing into it. 
I took it out for kicks. I had lost some pounds and toned up from all my time at the gym so I figured I would benchmark my progress. The dress had always been dicey to get into because it was form-fitting with unyielding fabric. Tight in the waist for an hour glass look, snug in the chest to push out the cleavage, and the cut lengthened and accentuated the legs. When it fit, it made me look like a million dollars! I wore it once and got some serious looks from a bunch of the guys. I eventually ruined the magic by puking on my shoes.
I twisted and turned, sucked in and coaxed the dress over my big head, over my C-cup, and down around my hips, which must have been bigger than they were two years ago. Damn!
But wait, what’s this? Wait.... 
No, turns out the hips weren’t bigger, the butt muscles were. I knew that, but judging by my reflection in Ole Hopeful, which normal people called the mirror, the dress fit! It fit! And it looked sensational! 
All I had to do now was throw on a smoky eye, some bronzer, and natural lipstick. Oh yeah, and find a place to go.
My body would have sagged if the dress let it. 
Lightning bolt. Candace!
 Candace had better be out! And if not Candace, William’s friend Adam. He was hot. I wouldn’t mind taking him for a spin before I headed to Australia. People could talk all they wanted, I wouldn’t be coming back.
I called Candace but it rang out. I left a message. Then I texted for good measure. I went through my phone to find Adam’s number—he’d snuck it in there as a “lifeline” when we were at Froggy’s that one time.
 “Hello?” he said. The lifeline must have been one-sided because it was obvious he had no idea who was calling.
“Adam?”
“Yeah? Who’s this?”
“Oh, hi. It’s Jess. Jessica. Uh...Candace’s fr—”
“Jessica. Yeah, course. How are you? Long time.”
“Um. Yeah.” Oh God, I was nervous! I was in the beginning stages of regretting this decision. I hardly knew the guy! Last time I saw him I very obviously wanted his friend. I wasn’t that girl to go for one guy, get denied then go for his friend! I hated myself a little.
Not to mention I had strange guilt pangs.
“What’re you up to?” he asked with ease, probably hearing my hesitation.
“Oh. Um. Well, I was visiting Gladis—my land lady Gladis—wait, you know Gladis. Anyway, she’s in the hospital. For her hip. Nothing serious. Uh ...” My brain was screeching at my finger to hang up the phone to save my person from further embarrassment! 
“I heard about that. Is she okay?” Adam said into my stuttering mess of an explanation. He was obviously trying to help me feel legit about this phone call. 
“Oh, yeah. Yeah, no, she is. She’ll be fine, thanks for asking. Anyway, I was ... Well, no one is home here—they are at the hospital. Um, I went, but then ... I had to get out of there. And well...” My stuttering was painful even to me! I took a big breath to steady myself before I went on.
Adam filled the gap with, “‘Cause Willie showed up, you mean?”
“Um. N—how did ... That wasn’t the reason I left or anything, but ... That is beside the point, actually.” I shook my head to clear it. “Look, I was just wondering if maybe you wouldn’t mind getting a drink or something? I don’t really have anyone here to hang out with and it’s Friday night. Big empty houses and all—it’s kind of spooky. So ...”
He chuckled. “Yeah, I knew why you was callin’. Candace showed me your text after she heard me say your name. I was just seein’ if you could form the words on your own.” He outright laughed this time.
“Thanks Adam.”
“No problem, Jessie girl. Anyhoo, we’re at McClarin’s.”
“Who’s we?” I asked with trepidation. I hoped William was still with his parents.
“Moose, Ty, Candace, me. You in about twenty.”
I laughed to extinguish my nervousness. “Thanks, Adam. I found a cute dress in my closet that I really wanted to wear out.”
“The closet is a good ol’ place to look for lost clothes.” I could actually hear him rolling his eyes. “Candace is dressed nice, too. You’ll be with company.”
“Yay! Okay, see you in a bit!”
“Yup. Bye.”
I hung up and did a halting happy dance, not able to move much in the dress. I hadn’t been out in forever! 
I skipped to the bathroom to do hair and make-up. I didn’t mess up once. It was my lucky night. 
I found some cute shoes to go with the dress and headed out to the car. I would drive there and get a cab back. I was in a great mood until I heard a certain country song that fit my situation a little too well. 
But then, they all did, didn’t they? They were either heart breakers, or had broken hearts. The story of life.
I held it together, refusing to let the melody and word combination into my heart, until I heard, I see you leanin’, bound to fall, I don’t want to be that mistake. 
At that moment I paired William with all the words, seeing myself trying to fall for him, and him trying to keep me at an arm’s distance. He was a gentleman for Gladis’ sake, so he wouldn’t let me into his bed, but he didn’t want anywhere near my heart.
It finally hit me. The cold hard truth finally beat its way through my hopeful defenses and made me admit to it. He was not unattainable because he was handsome, rich, had manners, confidence, charisma and grace. He was unattainable because he didn’t want me like I wanted him.
I would have completely broken down by the side of the road where I was currently idling, but I didn’t want to destroy my eye make-up. I would have turned around and gone home, but I didn’t want to explain why I was to those waiting for me.
I decided I would not let William ruin this night, as he had ruined so many others. He wouldn’t even be there tonight, and Adam and Moose always treated me well, plus Candace and Ty were there. I would put on a brave face and go. To hell with him!
I parked in the lot, struggled with my dress to get out of the car, and headed to the local watering hole.
A girl walks into a bar…
That was it. I was my own joke.
Moose stood in the back of a half-filled, medium sized bar. Well, if it wasn’t Moose it was another giant man.
It was Moose.
Next to him stood Adam. They watched someone slide from the booth, who I realized was Candace, while talking and laughing together. Adam saw me first, but Moose wasn’t far behind. Neither could help being guys as they looked down at my awesome dress and perfectly sculpted body because of it.
I still got it!
“Hey guys. How are you?” I asked flirtatiously. The best way to hide your inner grief is to look good, act good, and pretend pain doesn’t exist.
“Hey little sister. You look...” Moose was trying desperately not to stare at my breasts.
Adam gave him a hard nudge and grinned at me, the first of them to come back to earth. I would have to wear this dress more often! I just had to keep going to the gym to fit into it.
“Hi ya, Jess,” Adam said happily as he gave me a big hug. “Missed ya! Where have ya been?”
Moose hugged me, too. But after that he avoided looking at me entirely. 
 “I guess this dress was a good find,” I said sardonically.
“Moose here just got a girlfriend and she’s ... being coy,” Adam explained.
“Oh, she hasn’t given it up yet, you mean. Keep in there Moose, it means she likes you.”
Moose put his hands up in surrender. “Nope. I give. Let me know when she sits down.” He walked off toward the bar.
Candace ran over, squealing the whole way. She hugged me exuberantly, then commented on how much she liked my dress. 
Ty followed her over and said, “Holy Lord, Jessica. You trying to find love tonight or what?”
“Love? Is that what you call it when two like-minded people spend a night together?”
“Oh sorry. Let me rephrase. You looking for a wild ride tonight or what?”
Candace hit him.
“Men? Hell no! I found this dress in my closet while looking for some sweats, fit into it—miracle!—and decided to take it out for a test spin. How do I look?” I turned around to show off the wares.
“Well let’s see,” Ty said as he analyzed with his hand on his chin, “Adam the saint just checked out your ass, that guy over there checked out your rack, Candace checked out your waist, and every other guy is sizing us up to get in and have their shot. I would say that dress is a success. Candace?”
“Oh I love it!” Candace gushed. “Wish I could fit into it!”
“You want a beer?” Ty asked.
“Yeah, that’d be great, Ty. Thanks!” I leaned against the wall next to Adam. Candace followed Ty to the bar.
“You do look beautiful, Jessie. You oughta come out with us more, you know?” Adam was looking out at the rest of the bar.  
I waved the comment away with my stellar linguistics: “Yeah, well.” 
“Everythin’ alright with ... you? After the...”
“Adam, do me a favor?”
“Anything,” he turned his head to me.
“Just know that I’m okay, and will continue to be okay, and you didn’t let me down, okay? I don’t really want you to bring it up anymore.”
He regarded me with his soft brown eyes and striking face. He was less a baby face now that I knew him. It was probably due to his masculine personality. Still pretty more than handsome, more teen model than gladiator, but I could definitely wake up next to him every morning. Or even for a couple mornings until I got the hell out of here.
Why the hell does that make me feel guilty?
“I’m sorry to pry,” Adam said.
I got a sudden impulse, turned and punched him in the soft spot on the upper arm where the muscles meet. Those in the older brother biz call that baby a Charlie Horse. No matter how big and strong, if you get hit just right in that sweet spot, it would hurt. Just so happens, I am a pro at the older brother biz. Don’t know why, as I never had an older brother.
Adam hopped away with something that sounded like, “Yeeowww.” He grabbed his arm and looked at me like I committed a cardinal offense. 
I bent over, laughing, even though it was actually a little tough to laugh in the dress. It still had to loosen up a bit. Or I needed to lose another pound or two.
No, it had to loosen up.
Adam came shuffling back, fists up, ready for revenge. I laughed and put my hands up, pleading like a fragile girl. In between giggles I put on a pouty face. Adam’s grin got bigger and he laughed harder.
“You wantin’ me to take it easy on ya now, huh? That it?” he asked, chuckling, swaggering up to put an arm around my shoulders in a sideways hug.
I used that as a platform for a titty-twister. I grabbed his nipple quickly, squeezed, turned and pulled. I hopped away again quickly, laughing all the while. His pec was hard and well developed. 
His face lit in surprise at the realization I tricked him. He grabbed his chest, shocked I would take advantage of him. He started rubbing his nipple as the pain registered.
“Why, you little ...” He came after me this time with no reservations. He couldn’t very well give me a titty-twister, though it had happened before, and I doubt he would punch me, but he was going to do something awful, I could tell.
He grabbed a hold of me and reeled me in, holding me firm against his body so I couldn’t get away. Giggling profusely, I tried to wiggle out of his grasp, but he had me with solid arms. He reached over, secured me with one solid arm, and then pulled the other away. A second later a wet finger entered my ear.
 “Eeeewwwwwwww!” I yelled, wiggling harder, laughing uncontrollably. 
I was slipping sideways, knowing he wouldn’t let me fall. He used his other hand to right me, and stepped away quickly. I straightened up, made sure I was still in my dress, and looked for him.
He was two paces away and holding up his hands in surrender. I tossed my hair, still laughing. My stomach hurt from laughing so hard.
“Okay, okay. I give,” I said. “You got me.”
Adam’s smile stretched from one ear to the other. He looked like a little boy who just played a trick.
Ty and Candace showed up with beers as Adam put his arm around my shoulders and hugged me to him. I noticed that his body was as hard as William’s. That thought made me excited, but not for Adam. Directly after it made me sad.
“Crazy Californian girls!” Adam said to Ty, who handed me a beer.
They tried to get me to sit down, but my dress was uncomfortable to stand in—I didn’t have much hope for sitting. I also didn’t know if it would stay in one piece; the fabric might split down the side. That would be a touch awkward.
Three beers in and I needed to use the ladies room. In this dress. Oh, this should be fun.
“Wait, Jess, I’ll go, too!” Candace yelled, shimmying out of the booth.
I waited, feeling alive again. Happy. I’d forgotten how much fun these guys were. I forgot how much fun going out with anyone my own age was. 
After toilets, Candace and I were at the bar, waiting for our drinks, when she put her hand on my arm. 
“Don’t turn around,” she whispered violently.
I stayed stock still, but still looked natural. The classic blunder was to immediately turn and gawk. I knew better. 
Candace pressed closer, putting up a female defense. 
“What’s going on?” I asked as quietly as I could, still looking at the bartender.
“Hey girls,” Ty said with forced calm as he leaned next to me.
I chanced a look at him. “Ty. Nice to see you. To what do I owe this pleasure?”
“I was going to be helpful and carry some beers. I was also going to order one more.”
“Oh?”
“For Willie,” Candace whispered so low I barely heard. 
My belly rolled. It was like in a cartoon when the dog swallows a stick of dynamite and his stomach goes down really low, then up really high, and then explodes;  I was that dog. 
“Candace,” I said hoarsely, “I have to get out of here.”
“How?” she whispered back.
“You girls don’t have to whisper. He is back with Moose and Adam.”
I turned and grabbed Candace, willing her to give me strength. I was a breath away from continuing my meltdown from the car ride over. I felt Ty’s hand rubbing my back, and realized that somewhere along the way, I had made it obvious I didn’t want to see William again. Everyone knew I had been rejected. 
I was unwanted goods, but I didn’t have to act the victim. I could choose how they would remember me after I left. And I wouldn’t choose the coward’s way out. I would not sneak away. 
Until I at least  had a damn good excuse to leave.



Chapter Sixteen



Candace and I let Ty walk ahead of us.
“Okay,” she said conspiratorially, “I don’t know what happened between y’all, but you look really good tonight. So, I’ll go in front of you so he can’t see you until the last minute. Then I’ll just step away and he can see you all at once.”
“Candace, just...let’s walk together. Tell me a funny story and keep me entertained so I don’t have to notice him until the last minute, okay?”
“Oh, okay. Got it.” She looked toward the sky, shuffling through the stories in her head. “Did I ever tell you about when Juniper was trying to get the stuck cookie from the vending machine?”
“No.” I was already smiling.
“Well,” we started walking, “she put in for the chocolate chip cookie, right? The thing stuck—I mean, they always do. Everyone knows that! But she got all pissed off—”
“Excuse me, ma’am?”
 A man about my age and fairly attractive was trying to get my attention. Perfect timing.
 “Yeah?” I asked.
“I just noticed you at the bar, there. You with anyone?”
 “Candace, I’ll meet up with you,” I said as I turned toward the almost-handsome stranger.
“Okay,” Candace said with a smirk as she walked off.
“I’m Phillip.” He stuck out his hand.
“Hi. Jessica.” I shook his hand. It was soft and thin. He probably worked on computers or something. I hated that that bothered me.
We chatted long enough for me to find out that he was about as interesting as a children’s book about worms. I kept at it for another few minutes, though, just to keep up appearances. Plus, it felt good, being wanted. 
I wrapped up my chat, avoided the number exchange, and headed to our corner with a hop in my step, feeling indestructible. Which was me lying to myself.  I hoped it was working for the sake of my facial expression.
As I walked between two guys, both turning to check me out, I saw him. He was wearing the same thing as the hospital. God, he was so beautiful when he smiled like that.
An inexplicable sadness shadowed me. I forgot to be looking elsewhere when I came into view. I couldn’t help but admire his perfect form, his carefree stance, his engaging blue eyes as he noticed me. 
His eyes didn’t look over my body like the other guys or even Candace had. He didn’t notice the dress and how good I looked in it. Not even my breasts, trying to break free, caught his notice. He looked at me with a faltering smile, closing the distance with the intensity of his eyes, before turning back to Adam.
I wilted. I wanted to shrivel where I stood and died. I felt hollow. I felt like I wasn’t enough. Not even looking sensational got me a longer glance. And it was just that. A glance. A skim of the eyes.
Adam looked at me next, his mild eyes taking in my pain without shock. I smiled, trying to hide my misery, trying not to reduce to tears. His face didn’t change, though. Somewhere along the way, Adam learned to recognize my distress.
Not that it was a big mystery where he found the knack.
I got to the table and leaned over to tell Candace and Ty I would be leaving. Before I could get the words out, Candace’s gaze switched to over my shoulder. Her supportive gaze turned to a glare.
I straightened up and turned around rigidly. 
“Hi, Jessica,” William said stoically.
“Hi, William,” I mocked, sounding slightly like a robot.
“I wondered ...” he started quietly. His expressionless mask cracked a fraction and I thought I could see a glimpse of softness that lay beyond. Or maybe I was hoping again. 
He glanced over my shoulder and his face hardened again. “It’s good to see you,” he said, obviously taking the polite route. “It’s been a long time. You look beautiful tonight, by the way. Would you like a drink? They have champagne.”
I nodded confusedly, though my beer was on the table. I had expected harsh words, based on his facial expression. I didn’t expect the gentleness. The soft hush. 
I discontentedly slid into the booth, having just stupidly agreed to stay a moment longer. 
I looked across the table at Ty and Candace, who were looking back with something akin to pity. This had turned into a shit-show. I felt like I was in an animal petting zoo, but without the children to make it seem fun, instead it was sad and cramped.
“Jess,” Ty said, “I’m sure things would be different if he didn’t have so much going on.”
Candace nodded adamantly as if to say, Yeah, it’s him, not you.
I hoped this was what emotional rock bottom felt like, or else it was going to be an incredible splat when I finally reached the end.
Adam slid into the booth on my left side, then Moose. William slid in on the opposite side, making Candace and I squish to the center next to each other. They were boxing me in. 
Emotional torture, compliments of William. Physical torture, compliments of my dress. Winning pair. 
William passed the glass of bubbles across the table, eyes focused on mine as if it was just the two of us on a romantic date. My stomach knotted.
“Thanks," I muttered, looking away as quickly as was polite, as two things happened. 
One, Moose asked, “So what have you been doin’, Jessica? We not good enough?”
The second was Adam leaning into me for brotherly support. The connect gave me enough confidence to launch into what I had been up to, sprucing up the dull parts, which were most, and leaving out some bits, like the depression and the dating of idiots.
Everyone made comments throughout except William, who watched me silently. Something seemed to be eating away at him. I suspected it was me not falling all over him like normal—pulling away as best I could. Well-liked guys were like that; they didn’t want you until you moved on, then they had to have you. I’d been fooled by that a few times. As a poster child for all the women who were fooled by assholes, I was finally learning my lesson! Trying, anyway.
The conversation switched to everyone else catching me up on what they had been up to as if I was an old friend just back from vacation. Even William shared. He was finding people to take his bulls around the rodeo circuits—they were headed to the big time after continually showing well. He was introducing new blood lines into his breeding, securing new bulls for that. He was taking over more of the family business. On and on. 
After the table talked about bulls and riding them, in which Candace and I took a reprieve and talked about where I bought my dress, William directed the conversation back to me. 
"So," he started, reaching directly into my soul with his blue eyes, "Gladis seems to be doing well. It surprised my mother how fond she is of you."
Was that a back-handed compliment? Judges’ ruling... Annnnnnnd yes, yes it was.
"It surprised her? That I’m likeable?" I was aiming for light and funny. It came across scorned and slightly bitter. Oops.  
Adam leaned against me again. Moose looked like he wanted to wrap me up in a bear hug.
William's damn blank face. He looked back at me with the expression you might get from a whitewashed wall. I had an uncontrollable desire to cover that face with my drink. 
"It surprised her, yes," he said after looking at me for a tense moment. "Since Gladis’ husband died, she has been somewhat ... reclusive. Bitter. Her kids don't visit her much, being that they aren’t biological, maybe… And she doesn't see many people anymore. You seem to have put the spark back into her. She couldn't stop talking about how great you were. Are. She seems to be your number one fan. Or one of ‘em, anyway."
"I don't know that I have all that many fans in this neck of the country," I said, elbowing Adam to get more space. I smiled devilishly as he flinched. 
"Simply not true." 
By the time I looked back at William in surprise, he had directed the conversation to Ty and the latest rodeo. Candace was looking at me funny so I checked my boobs to make sure they were in place. They were where I left them, which was halfway to my neck. 
I looked out across the bar, noticing people and checking out men. There wasn't much talent, so I wasn't too worried about being stuck with a bunch of guys who were off-limits. However, there were a couple that I kept going back to. Their faces were a train wreck, but their bodies were pretty good. 
Cue flashback to L.A. with the nice-bodied small man with smelly sheets; I shivered.
If it hadn't been so long since I sexually sinned, I wouldn't even consider it. But I was sitting with a bunch of really hot men, I hadn't touched a man in months, and I was basically foaming at the mouth. Should shopping come to buying, one of those guys would do the trick.
 "See anything you like?"
It took me a second to realize that the comment, lower and among other voices, was directed at me. 
"I don't ... I wasn't ... what?" I stammered.
Nice cover, idiot.
William analyzed me like he might a spreadsheet before he asked, "How come you haven't found anyone yet? Is there no one you have your eye on?" 
I was not expecting the personal touch from William Davies. I've made a lot of mistakes with men, I've learned a lot of lessons, I've even managed a good decision now and again, but of all I might be anticipating from the guy keeping me at an arm's length, it wasn't a background check on my romantic interests. 
I answered like most single girls would when cornered with that question: "Uhh...." 
I shifted my gaze to Candace for help, and thankfully she was looking at me.
Wait—so was everyone else! They were all politely waiting for my answer.
This just got awkward.
"Oh, well. I haven't really, um, been looking, I guess."
"Just browsing ..." William said jokingly as he pointedly looked out over the bar.
That irritated me. Screw you, man. I wouldn't have to browse if you weren't such an ass. 
Well, and you liked me back.
I decided not to let it get to me. I smirked. "I always have time to look over the talent." 
"Talent?" Moose asked.
"Talent, yes. Like if appearance was a talent. I am assessing the various talents."
Five sets of eyes turned toward the patrons in the bar. 
"See any?" William asked, the first to look back. 
"Are you serious?" Adam thought this whole situation was extremely funny for some reason. He was trying to suppress his chuckles, but I could feel his big body shaking in silent mirth. I had a feeling I had just been caught with my hand in the cookie jar, but confused as to why that was bad.
William nodded, glancing at Adam and then back at me. Adam tried to nonchalantly put his hand over his face to cover his smile. He was as undercover as a nun in a strip club.
I looked at William like he was growing a third eye, and then looked out over the bar again. If he wanted to talk to me like he was my girlfriend, he was going to get a conversation I would only tell the girls. Including "womanizing" comments men probably didn't think women made. 
"Okay, if you must know, and I will not be sparing you my bluntness, there are two butter faces that would serve for a night. If they had high-pitched voices or smelled bad or something, it would eliminate them from the competition, but I wouldn't mind seeing ‘em naked in an extreme situation." Felt weird actually saying that out loud to a bunch of dudes.
"Butter face?" "Competition?" "For a night?" "Extreme situation?" Each guy got stuck on a different part of what I’d said. Candace covered her face in shock and looked embarrassed. She and I had plenty of these conversations.
I sighed. "Guys, look. You asked. If you can't keep up, then stop asking. I'll quickly explain, and then let's change the subject. Oh and, Reverend Davies, before you ask, no, I wasn't actually planning on a one night stand—especially not with a big-boobed fake woman with whom you've had a past acquaintance." 
William's face went red, but to his credit he didn't flinch or look away. The rest of the boys started hooting and laughing, pounding at the table and nudging William.
"Butter face—a man's term.  Good body, ugly face. ‘But her face!’ I could have said a brown bagger, which is a face so ugly it needs to be covered, but butter face sounds better. I’m sure you guys have said something similar a few times…”
Guilty looks. 
I continued. “Competition because it is a talent show and I am the judge. The naked comment should be obvious—seeing a man with a great body naked is, well, great. Good size is great, too, but I don’t necessarily need to stare at it. Not attractive, that little guy. You all are preoccupied with it, we just like to use it and speculate about it." 
The boys stared in mute horror. I bet they weren’t excited about hearing size did matter after all.
"And the extreme situation I was talking about is a drought; not being ... uh ... with a guy for a while. Not being touched intimately for too long." 
That last bit did embarrass me. Partly because it was part of feminine vulnerability to say you wanted to be touched, and partly because I was admitting I hadn't been. And frankly, I knew I was bad at hiding my loneliness.
Everyone was considering something different, even William, who was contemplative as he looked out over the bar. I obviously said too much—this awkward pause being the reason you talked only to women and gay men about that stuff. Straight men couldn't handle the pressure of women judging them the same as they judged women.
"Is this a universal thing?" Ty asked slowly.
I tried not to laugh. "Women still aren't nearly as bad as men when it comes to acting on it, Ty. And your woman is better than most, don't worry." Candace looked at me with relief. 
“Well, anyway, I need to head off,” I announced.
“Denied,” Adam said with resolution. “It’s Friday; you ain’t got nuthin’ else ta do.”
“Well, pee for a start. Unless you like a wet seat?”
Moose was first out of the booth. He had always been the gullible one.
I took my time in the restroom, wanting to sneak out but not wanting to be a coward, so just stalling in the meantime. When I was headed back to the table, intending to say good-bye, William met me in the middle of the bar. He stopped when he saw me and I noticed he tried not to let his eyes stray past my face, but failed. It made me feel marginally better about the night.
It was the small things.
"Hey, William. Uh, I'm going to head out. So..."
"Would you mind staying for one more beer? I was planning to leave after that, also."
"I probably shouldn't."
"Listen, Jess—Jessica.” William looked hesitant. “About what you said earlier. Um ... of, you know, drought. You sounded somewhat ... forlorn. It's not my business, but ... I just wanted you to know that if you needed to talk, I’m here."
Oh hey, thanks for the salt. I’ll just pour it in the gaping hole in my chest.
I wanted to get mad. I wanted my temper to flare and to say something witty and cutting. I wanted anything but what was happening, which was to tear up. I let my head drop to hide my face, my body shuttering to stop the crying.
“I’m sorry,” he said, “I always seem to say the wrong thing.” He moved closer to put his arms around me for comfort.
 “No, I’m okay. You just surprised me, is all.” I hurriedly wiped the tears from my face. “I’m just going to say good-bye to the others.” I turned and walked toward the table.
“Jessica!” He called.
I kept going. There was no point in it. No point in anything concerning him. You just had to know when to say die. It took me until the issue was decomposing to finally admit it, but I needed to move on.
 “Hey guys,” I said dejectedly, “I might just head out.”
“Wait, Jess. I’ll walk you,” Candace said as she scooted from the booth.
Waiting, I leaned against the wall, needing physical support from that last exchange. I didn’t realize I was a foot from Adam. When I did notice I started, and then muttered a “sorry.”
“That shade ‘a blue don’t match your dress,” Adam said.
“What?” I was not in the mood for riddles.
“That layer of sad you got on. It’s draped on you like a blanket. It don’t fit.”
I nodded, barely keeping from rolling my eyes. “Okay, Adam. Well, I’ll see you around.” I pushed off from the wall as Candace stood.
Before I got two feet, William was in front of me, blocking my way. His delicious scent wafted to my nose, making my stomach churn and my sexual being roar to life. It was so unfair the effect he had on me. 
He looked at Adam with facial sign language. Adam, seeing my panic and silent plea for him to stay, cocked his head, but nodded to William. As he walked away I thought I heard, “Make it right, man. She don’t deserve this. Make it right.”
“I’m sorry, Jessica,” William said to me quietly. Well, as quiet as you could in a crowded bar. “I was trying to do the right thing, but I was an ass just there. Please don’t leave because of me.”
My eyes misted again.
“Leave what specifically, the bar or the country?” I said with a hint of the anger I hoped would hide the sorrow.
Surprise flitted through his blank mask. “I...” 
A tear rolled down my face and I dropped my head again. More tears joined it. It felt like the gremlins had finally gotten through. They ate and scratched their way out of my chest, which was now emptying its contents like puke on my shoes.
Hope was fleeing for good. Cold truth was floating down like ashes. It was done. The book on William was finally, solidly closed. And it hurt as bad as losing my first love.
Suddenly Candace was there with her arm around me. I was being led away from the table, not a sound being uttered to stop me. She got me outside and hugged me firmly. I was trying to control my crying but wasn’t doing a great job. 
“Do you want me to go with you?” she asked.
I shook my head. I didn’t know her well enough to be consoled by her, sweet as she was.
She tucked me into a cab and sent me home with a promise to call tomorrow. 
It was a long, dark walk to my cottage. There was no Gladis waving out the window or inviting me in. I had no one to make me some coffee and tell me encouraging words. I had only a dark residence of solitude. Just like William read in me. I was so utterly alone and lonely that I couldn’t stand it. 

***

The next day I was super busy. I woke up and had to get in some crying. I showered and cried some more. I got a cab to pick up my car, which was now making some scary noises, then went to visit Gladis and tried to convince her that I hadn’t been crying while we were playing chess. I don’t think it worked. Then I went to the gym and worked myself until I could barely walk.
The pain was so fresh, again. The tear so real and jagged. It had just always felt so right with him, like we were meant to find each other. Deep down I thought he was the gold at the end of the rainbow. That I’d had to fail with men, over and over, then move to another place for independence, and was finally settling into what I was meant to be. That equation seemed to work with him in it. Since that first meeting, I’d felt it.
And now I had to face that I’d had it all wrong. This town was just like any other. There was no more magic here than in L.A. Less, probably.
In the late afternoon I was lonely, so I went back to brave the hospital. Gladis still tried to press me for what was wrong, but I wouldn’t budge. I didn’t really want to talk about it. I didn’t want to leave her side, either, but I was not about to sit through a sponge bath.
As I was walking through the hospital lobby on my way out, I got a strange tingling in my stomach. It felt like zombie butterflies trying to resurrect themselves. It really could have been anything—gas, stress, nerves. It was very likely that my Id, that little ego part of me, just woke up from a nap and realized I looked a disgrace and shouldn't be in public. 
I was nearly to the exit when I heard: “Jessica, I wondered if I might have a word?”
I looked up to see William striding toward me. Then down at myself.
I had sweaty, unwashed hair pulled back in a ponytail. I had remnants of day-old make-up that I didn't completely sweat off at the gym or wash away in the shower. I had half workout clothes, equipped with boob flattening sports bra, and worst of all, sweats. Not the cute sporty sweats basketball, soccer, or hip sports players wore. No. The gray, hole riddled, things that your mother wore to the store on Saturday mornings before she took a shower and did her make-up. The things you swore you would never wear in public.
Great timing, as ever.
 “Um, sure. Do you mind if we get out of the hospital first? I hate hospitals.”
“Of course. That would be better.”
I was not quite sure what he wanted to say to me, and I found that I didn’t much care. Come Monday, I planned to organize my move away from this town.
We made it to my car without William opening his trap. I was sure it was just an apology for making me cry the night before. It wasn’t something I cared to hear.
“Did you want to talk to me, William?” I asked, having opened my car door.
“Yes. Can we go somewhere for coffee?”
Can’t we just get this over with?
“I guess. As long as it’s quick.”
He briefly looked hurt before his face went blank again. “There’s a place just up the road. Would you like me to drive?”
“No thank you. I’ll meet you there.”
It seemed like he wanted to say more, but he curtly nodded and backed up. I got in my hoopty and attempted to start her up. There were a few sputters and a valid attempt, then nothing.
“Not now!” I muttered at the car. I tried again. Less sputters and a half-hearted attempt to turn over. Nothing.
“Fuuuuuuuck.” I put my head on the steering wheel. 
Was now a good time to ask the boss for a raise so I could buy a decent car?
I got out and slammed the door. William was standing a couple feet off, waiting for my reaction.
“What?” I asked snottily. 
He shook his head and shrugged. “I could look at it. I know a little bit about cars.”
I looked back at my pile of junk and shook my head. “No point. It’s dead. I had just hoped it would last a couple more months so I could get rid of it and get out of here.”
“To Australia, you mean?” he asked quietly.
“Yeah.” I looked out at the parking lot, full of cars glittering in the noon sun. Cars that actually worked. But unless I was going to commit grand theft auto, there weren’t many options. “Well poop, I guess I wouldn’t mind a ride after all. I’ll worry about this thing later. Maybe I can give it a little water; bring it back from the dead. Again.”
He gestured for me to walk with him. We walked a short way to a fairly new, dark silver Audi. Now, this was what I was saying about just buying the top of the line.
 “Nice car,” I said half-heartedly. Not the time to be sullen, but I couldn’t help it. Some people had it all.
He kept quiet. Wise.
“You can change the station if you want.” He indicated the radio as he settled into his plush leather seat. Some sort of country was playing. 
“It’s fine,” I said, still moping.
I saw the coffee shop he was talking about as it whizzed by. 
“You missed the coffee place,” I said without feeling.
“Do you mind if we go someplace quieter?”
“Are you planning to take me out to the desert to murder me? Cause if so, I would really rather head to the coffee shop.” 
He chuckled. “I had not planned that, no. One death is enough for today.”
“One death?”
He looked at me with mischief in his piercing eyes. “Your car. Being in the hospital parking lot didn’t help it any.”
“Oh. That’s what happens in hospitals. People die.”
“That’s a pretty morbid assessment. People are born in them, too.”
“It is morbid. My dad died in a hospital. His body was riddled with cancer and tumors by the end.” I looked out at the buildings and trees flying by. “He was in the hospital off and on for about two years. I can only think of that experience whenever I walk into one. God only knows what I’m going to do if I ever get pregnant.”
“I’m sorry. It must have been hard to visit Gladis.”
I shrugged. “I don’t know why I just told you that.” 
“I’m glad you did.”
I didn’t have the energy to scoff.
 We passed a while in silence. I absently switched the radio to a top 40 station. We were leaving the city by this time and I turned to look at him. 
“It was nice of you and your family to visit Gladis. Her children have only called. None have shown up.”
“I suspect she’ll have quite a few visitors in the next couple days. Mark my words, when she’s back to full health she’ll throw a party to thank everyone for coming. Her parties used to be something to look forward to.”
“I hope she doesn’t throw herself down the stairs next time just to have a party after.”
“She just might.” He paused for a minute, then, “You two seem to be pretty close.”
“Yeah. She looks after me. In this town I have apparently needed it. I owe her a lot.”
“I doubt that. She needs companionship just as you do. I told you how she talked about you.”
We went up a hill and turned off the road to a smaller hill. We followed that up to the top and turned off again. He parked and got out. I followed suit.
This little spot overlooked pasture land with cows spread out below us. The sun had started its slow dive to the horizon millions of miles away. There was a splattering of clouds in an otherwise clear sky.
“It’s beautiful,” I said.
“It is. I come up here when I need to be away from the city and farm. Do you mind sitting on the ground?”
“Not at all. I am obviously not in my finest.”
He chuckled and we sat, overlooking the valley.
“I am sorry if I hurt you last night. And the night at Froggy’s,” he said softly.
“William, I don’t want to talk about this.”
“I need to say this, Jessica. I behaved badly and I need to explain.”
“No, you don’t.”
“Please, Jessica.” He was half begging. I wasn’t sure if my new defense of numb could stand up to this.
I nodded once. He continued. “At Froggy’s, I enjoyed dancing with you. I might have enjoyed it a bit too much, which was the reason for what I said. I shouldn’t have made a spectacle of you like that in front of everybody. People might have thought less of you because of me. I’m not in a position in my life to be tied down with anyone right now. I’m at the beginning of a few enterprises that need my constant attention.” He paused and let out his breath.
Here it comes.
“I am being groomed to take over the business, I have my breeding things going and I have obligations. I wanted to get all that under way before I got involved with anybody.”
“William, I am not looking to get involved with you.” Anymore. “Quite the contrary, actually.”
He hung his head a little. “I’m coming to that.” He took a deep breath and continued, “I haven’t had the problem of being attached since I broke up with my longtime girlfriend over five years ago. First love and all that.” He shook his head. “It went on longer than it should have, and since then, I banished women for the most part. Not from my bed, but ... It was how I wanted it. My priorities were set and life was on track. Which was working quite well … until an impossibly gorgeous young lady walked into me and then ruined a stand of balls.”
My head snapped up. His body was bowed over his knees, his eyes downcast, staring at his shoes.
 Before I could form words, he kept going. “I saw you the whole time, of course. I was actually walking out to my car when I saw you walking in. I pretended to forget something and hurried to head you off. I wanted a closer look. When you did the triple back flip and came up laughing and embarrassed, I thought I had never seen anyone so beautiful in all my life. So carefree and alive. 
“I didn’t want to just take you home for the night, which had been my embarrassing and non-gentlemanly default up until that point. I wanted to talk to you. Meet you. Take you out. That was confusing for me because it hadn’t happened in five years. But I knew it wouldn’t work. There is no way I can fit courting a woman into my life. There is just too much going on.”
I noticed he had slipped into present tense, and quickly dashed the glimmer of hope that had wormed its way into my head.
“I wanted to keep you at arm’s-length,” he continued, pain returning to his face and filtering into his voice, “since the timing of you in my life was all wrong. Then there was the obvious problem of your not being in high society—well, not a problem for me, I can assure you, but my mother would pitch a fit. I’m sure it sounds stupid, but she always suspects women of going for my wallet.”
He looked out over the valley. I watched emotions playing across his face as he thought about how to phrase what he would say next. He wasn’t trying to hide anymore, he was opening up with his words and his inner feelings. I was in rapt attention.
“After seeing you a few times I knew I wasn’t doing well keeping away from you. When I didn’t see you physically I thought about you. About your voice, your funny outbursts, the way you walk, all of it. All of you.” 
As he paused, I took a moment to reflect. Was I seriously sitting here in my holey sweats hearing the Golden God tell me he thought about me? It couldn’t be. It couldn’t be happening ... Did I drop some acid at the hospital without knowing it?
So maybe not reflecting as much as freaking out. I silenced my inner monologue as he went on. 
“At the rodeo--" His jaw clenched. I could see he was reliving later in the night, when he wasn’t watching me so close. Like Adam, he hadn’t forgiven himself for that. It didn’t matter that it wasn’t his job—to him, he’d failed me. He slightly shook his head, not wanting to dwell. Not at the moment, anyway. I had a feeling he did plenty of that on his own time. 
“That night in the trailer,” he went on, “you tossed and turned and called out for me. I went to the bed to see if you needed anything. You curled up into my arms. A perfect angel. Bittersweet. I knew you deserved better, but I wanted for all the world to be with you.”
“William ...” I desperately wanted to hear more, but this was obviously painful for him. It was killing me to see his turmoil, especially when all was forgiven. He liked me! I would deal with not being able to have him because his life was too busy, but it wasn’t me. It wasn’t my faults, this time.
“Let me finish, Jess. I owe you all the truth, regardless of how you feel about me. I have to explain.” He was still avoiding my gaze. “At Froggy’s I was barely keeping a leash on myself that whole night. I wanted to be near you, to touch you ... I was holding tight to what little self-control I could muster. Everyone saw right through me, but for once I didn’t care. 
“When I thought you left with that…with your date, I tried to move on to other distractions. I tried to control the anger and jealousy. But you didn’t leave. And every time I saw you I wanted you. Even when you taunted me,” he laughed to himself. “Not often a girl does that, but still, I was bursting to share the joke. Then came the dance–off ...” He shook his head and finally looked at me. The raging desire in his sparkling sun-infused eyes was plain. 
“I thought it would be a fun amusement. Usually only chicks vying for attention did them, but why not? It would be funny. A way to interact with you without eyes watching. But, seeing you dance ... My God you can move your body, Jessica. I lost control immediately. All of it. I couldn’t stop myself, couldn’t help myself. Pardon my frankness, but I wanted to rip off your clothes and have my way with you.” His face went red and he half shrugged. “I know I shouldn’t say that, but it was true. Lord in heaven ... I meant what I said. I thought I shamed you with my actions; my desire. You are dangerous to me, Jessica. I have no self-control around you. I would bend over backwards to make you smile.”
His whole body heaved in a sigh. But he continued. “I decided I was going to say something about my feelings the next time I saw you. Ask you out. I had to. It couldn’t go on like this. But then you disappeared. You stopped coming around. It was like the light went out of my life. The fun out of my nights. 
“I kept trying to get Ty to get Candace to invite you out with us. I was trying to be sly about it. Adam asked what I had said to you on the dance floor. That I probably brought this on myself. That’s when I knew what I said must have hurt you. I humbly apologize for that. It was not my intention.”
The sun was blazing its last as it slipped beneath the horizon. The sky was a fury of color.
I went to move to him, beyond speech now. Somewhere along the way I started crying. The hurt he caused me was acute, but seeing that he had felt the same way killed me. All that pain had been needless. 
I forgave him for it, of course, knowing now that he was trying to do what he thought was right. Trying not to hurt me, but killing us both in the process. I just wanted to be held, for all this pain and uncertainty to go away.
I still didn’t know if he resigned himself to accepting me into his life, or was just explaining the hurt so I knew. Him pushing me away now might kill me, but it would be a better pain knowing that he at least cared for me rather than thinking I wasn’t good enough.
“Almost done, Jess,” he said, looking out over the valley once more. “I had hoped to see you in the hospital. I saw your car in the parking lot and was determined to talk to you. Talk to you as I am doing now. You left so quickly, though, I thought the damage had been done, and you were done with me. The news of you leaving...” He took a ragged breath. I did, too; tears freely rolling down my face. 
“I had a bunch of work to do, so I wasn’t going to go out, until I got a text from Adam saying you were on your way to the bar. I even told Adam to go for you if you would have him, to keep you in Texas. To at least keep you close. He refused, though. Didn’t say why. I think he is overly fond of you. You are one of his favorite people, so I am not sure why he wouldn’t try for you.
“To end my rambling diary, I heard how desolate you sounded when you talked about ... being touched.” William turned toward me, his whole body opening to me. “Jessica, I am so sorry if I caused any of that. I am so sorry if I caused you pain.” He went to reach to me, to wipe tears from my face, but he held himself in check. “I do want to be there for you, if even as just a friend. I hate to see you cry. Do you remember at the rodeo when you were back behind the trailer with the jazz music?”
I nodded mutely. 
“I will always be that guy for you. I will always hold you when things get to be too much. Even if you move on and start a family, or I do God willing, I will always be there to hold your hand if you need me. That is a promise from a Davies man, no matter what.”
I could see the honesty in his face, in his body. He meant it. I could love another, but he would come if I called. That touched me deeply. Deeper than I knew I went.
  He hung his head. “That is me, laying bare my soul for you. I am sorry for thinking lustful thoughts of you. I don’t know your feelings for me, but I won’t trouble you anymore if you like another. I won’t stand in your way if your goal is to leave. I just thought I should finally be truthful.” 
I was quiet for a moment, letting the crickets around us fill the void. Letting the soft breeze dry my tears. He liked me the whole time. The whole time. I simply couldn’t believe it.
I laid back on the brittle ground and looked up at the darkening sky. Life was a bitch, wasn’t it? I didn’t know what to say. I didn’t know how to start. I didn’t know how quickly I could get him into my bed.
“William, William. What a twisted web we weave.” He was looking down at me, his face lost to shadow.
“I guess it’s my turn, huh?” I asked into the following silence. “Isn’t that how this works? Vulnerability for vulnerability?”
“No, Jess. I ask nothing in return.” I barely heard him he said it so softly.
I took a deep breath. Here goes.
I told him why I had fallen into the balls. How I kept thinking he didn’t want me, and how much that hurt, but how the hope lingered until last night when I finally gave up. He looked at me like he didn’t believe what he was hearing, until I got to that part. Then resignation took its place. Still, he listened. 
I told him all, just as he told me. How I viewed him as my safety net, my strong place. What everyone always said about him, me thinking the whole thing was impossible, but not being able to put the feeling of him around me aside. I spared nothing for embarrassment sake. 
I finished with, “I was aware of every single time you were near. I homed in on you and watched your movements. Had you kissed me at the rodeo, had you torn off my clothes in the middle of the dance floor, I would have given myself willingly. Eagerly. So yeah, I’ve always wanted you. You can only be hurt deeply if you cared deeply in the first place.”
“Did I blow it? Did I ruin any chance I might have had?” he asked tentatively.
“Are you asking because you want to have sex with me, or because you want something possibly a little more permanent?” 
“Frankly...both.”
My stomach did a back-flip. I didn’t know if I truly believed it, but I was a fool if I didn’t give it a shot.
Goosebumps spread over my body. Numbness gone. I was suddenly nervous. I was trembling all over. It was like the anticipation of my first kiss.
I sat up slowly.
He scooted over toward me just as slowly and grazed his hand across my forehead to clear my hair from my face. He traced his index finger down my cheek and along my jaw. With it he lifted my chin slightly and leaned in. His face was inches from mine. His eyes reached into me. I licked my lips in anticipation. He smiled a ghost of a smile and closed the rest of the gap.
His soft lips touched mine in an exploring way. He backed his head up a bit and looked at me again, then leaned in and kissed me a little harder. He opened my mouth and probed with his tongue. 
I responded with all the frustration and want from the last few months. I brought my hands up his toned arms and leaned into the kiss aggressively, putting my arms around his neck. He met my demand, and increased it.
One of his hands rested on the side of my face, the other around my back, bringing our bodies closer. He kissed down my neck, then up to my ear. I moaned in pleasure and felt the playing muscles on his back. I went to the bottom of his shirt and put my hand inside, on his bare skin.
He sighed softly into my ear and gently pushed me away. “If I don’t stop now, I won’t stop at all,” he said.
“I’m okay with that. I’ve wanted this for a long time.”
He looked at me intensely. He traced my neck with his hand as he stared intently into my eyes. He looked around us at the hard-packed dirt. Then back at me. I thought for sure we were going all the way right now, right here. 
“I want you so bad, Jessica. But not here.”
“Why? It’s perfect. Secluded …”
He laughed. “It’s not that secluded. There is a road up here ‘n all.” He laughed again and brushed my lips with his. 
“We’ll be quick.”
“For one, I don’t want to be quick. The opposite, actually.” He backed away and stood up, offering me a hand to get up with him. “Two, it’s dirty and we don’t have a blanket. And three,” he led me to the car where he opened the door for me. “I have to be out at the ranch tonight. Bull riding practice. I want all night with you when we ... you know.”
I smirked. “When what? What do I know?”
He leaned his rock hard body against me and put his lips near my ear. “When we share my bed.” He took my ear lobe into his mouth and sucked lightly. He started kissing my neck, then back to my lips. I held onto him tightly and ran my hands across his chest, then up to his hair. 
I pushed him back suddenly and violently. Shock and confusion spread across his face. “What was with that faked boob girl you took home?” I demanded.
Embarrassment replaced the shock and he started laughing in loud guffaws. He put his arms around me—I resisted halfheartedly.
“I had to have some release after dancing with you. Do you think me a brute?”
“Yes. She was disgusting.”
“Beer goggles helped that. What was with you and that idiot Matt?”
“I needed a hobby. And I didn’t take my clothes off for him.”
“You didn’t?”
“Eww. No.”
He looked mad. 
“Why?” I asked.
“I heard you did. I’ll end that rumor right quick.”
William leaned in to kiss me again. Things got steamy in a hurry. He put his leg between mine. I pulled his lower back against me and leaned back against the car. We made out for a second before he backed off again, panting.
I followed him, not wanting space between us. He was shaking his head. “No. Stop,” he said in a husky voice. “Please. Must stop.”
I laughed. “Oh, all right. Let’s go.” 
He nodded, gave me one last look of longing, and went to his side of the car shaking his head the whole way. I could hear him muttering, “Dangerous.”
As he got in, he said, “Tomorrow I would like to buy you a present.”
“I like presents. But don’t go tryin’ to splash your money around. You got me. I am sold. I am not a money-grubbing type of girl. I was surprised to find that out myself, but there you go.”
He chuckled. “It’s more for me than for you. The issue with my life is it will be more complicated with you in it, but I’ll manage that end. The issue with you and my mother, however...”
“She won’t like me because I am poor.”
“Correct. Though, I must admit, you stand up to scrutiny pretty well. My dad thinks you are better than sliced bread. He was impressed you went right back to work after the... incident and asked around about you. Apparently, you are well-liked and do good work.”
“Go figure.”
“But my mother... is a bit harder to impress. You got a leg up with the handbag comment. How did you know that, by the way?”
“I follow designers pretty closely. Even poor girls can dream.”
“But you don’t actually have any Gucci or Prada?”
“Sadly, no.”
He nodded. “Well, unfortunately, with me comes baggage. If you are serious about this…” His eyes probed mine. Obviously I nodded. “Then we need to prepare for battle. I don’t need my mother’s blessing, especially with my dad on board, but …”
“You want it. I get it.”
He reached his hand up to trace hair from my forehead. His eyes found my lips. As if he couldn’t help himself, he leaned down and gave me a light kiss. “I just know she’ll love you, too. She just has to let go of her stereotypes.”
My heart thrilled at that word. At him saying it. I nodded mutely, afraid I’d have a hard time making words.
“So…to battle then.” A ghost of a smile graced his lips before he kissed me again. "Oh, and who is Apollo?"
I sputtered and half choked on my spit. "Huh?"
"Apollo. You mentioned that name in the trailer when we were curled up together. Is he an ex-boyfriend?"
My face was fire-engine red. "He's the Greek god of the sun, actually."
"Yes, I am aware of the origin of the name. Who is he to you?"
I sighed. "You. He's you. Before I knew your name, that's what I called you."
His face lit up in a smug smile. "Flattered."
"Whatever." I grinned and looked out the window, wondering what lay in store for us. What obstacles we'd run into with his mother, with life in general. And knowing that whatever it was, I would face it with William at my side.

THE END
~*~*~*~



The story continues in the next installment of the Jessica Brodie Diaries.

Hanging On, Book 2

If Jessica thought the hard part of her first months in the new state was getting the handsome cowboy that has it all, she was dead wrong. In addition to all the trials and tribulations of a normal relationship, Jessica also has to combat William’s mother, who doesn’t believe William’s chosen is in it for anything other than the money. All seems futile in her new life until Jessica gets a needed surprise: her friends! With her crew from L.A. all gathered together in Texas, parties and shenanigans ensue.
It is here that Jessica’s BFF Lump meets Adam, the brooding cowboy with a haunted past to match her own. The two take over the spotlight as one wars with the other, each unable to find peace within themselves, turning to violence within their turmoil. 
EXCERPT:
Chapter One

I sat in the car with William, the guy I had lusted over for months. The same guy I thought couldn’t care less about me. He had it all, including a packed schedule that didn’t accommodate dating. And he was fitting me in. It was a dream come true.
Hopefully.
We were in his car, after just having reconciled months’ worth of me thinking he was too good, that he didn’t like me, that he thought I was subpar... It took a lengthy explanation from him to know that was false.
And now onto happily ever after. Except not, since his mother would greatly disapprove. Which was a problem for tomorrow. For right now, we were in bliss. Together. And that’s all that mattered.
“Did you want to go to the bull riding practice with me?” William asked, completely nonchalant. “Or would you like me to drop you at home and meet me later?”
I soared hearing him make plans in such a nonchalant way.
“I would love to change my clothes,” I answered, also trying for nonchalant. 
“No time. You are fine the way you are. You’re coming then?”
“Guess so. Dirty and haggard.” 
After the previous night, when I had finally given up on the dream that was William, I'd spent the day working out, crying, and not giving a crap. My appearance was proof.
He reached his hand over and put it on my knee. "My kinda girl."
 My skin got hot and my groin started throbbing. Did I mention we hadn't had sex yet? I didn't know what was worse, the desire, or the anticipation.
I put my hand over his and he turned his palm-up to hold mine. Very school girl, but I delighted in the contact. I still couldn’t believe he wanted me! With my dating history, a good guy thinking I was cool enough to hang out with was noteworthy. One that thought I was date worthy—I was flying!
We reached his ranch for bull riding practice, which was as crazy as it sounded. Riders came to ride bulls to get better at it, so they could enter rodeos and win some bucks. Since William had a breeding project, entering the best of his stock into the rodeos, having guys ride the animals was as good for him as it was for those getting the practice. Win-win.
William opened the garage of the ranch house from the car and drove in. It was a three car garage with a giant truck, an ATV, and a couple motorcycles. We got out of the car and he opened the door in the truck for me. 
“Is there a reason this truck is so high?”
“You would have to ask my brother that one. He picked it and had it raised.”
Not bothering to comment, because why would I, we were out of the one-story ranch house and driving through flat farm lands. Coming from L.A., and only in Texas for about six months, I wasn’t used to everything being so…well, flat. There was no other way to describe it. The sky seemed to hover right above my head, the clouds pressing down on me. It was awesome and weird at the same time.
We came upon an area with a few tress and more trucks. 
“Here we go.” William’s voice sounded excited. Like it was show and tell, and he was worried about this week’s item.
Through the trees was a circling of horizontal metal poles encasing a bare dirt arena. In back was a pen holding large, still animals. Bulls, one and all. Scary looking bulls to boot, with angry eyes and large balls.
So no, the balls didn’t have much to do with anything, other than they were freaking huge, and I couldn’t stop looking at them.
William headed right for his right hand man, and my first genuine guy friend in this state, or really anywhere, Adam. I loved the guy like a brother. He looked out for me, he joked with me, and he gave me Wet Willies. I could have done without the latter, but since I tended to give him titty-twisters and Charlie Horses, I’d handle it.
I sounded sixteen, but really I was twenty-five, almost twenty-six.
 “What’s the story, boys?” William asked, sounding more chipper than I had ever heard.
Adam must have thought so, too, because he titled his head, a smile soaking into his face like lotion. “Well, sir, we was just gettin’ goin’. The first bull is in the hold waitin’ for one of them young fellers over there.” Adam pointed to three small cowboys to the right. They couldn’t have been more than twelve.
William followed Adam’s finger before asking, “Who’s clowning?”
“You,” Ty said, the professional bull-rider among this group. “You riding tonight?”
“Yeah. You?”
“Of course.”
“Adam?”
“O’course.”
“Then let’s get going.” William turned his whole body too me, happier than I had ever seen him. “Just stay away from the fence and you’ll be fine. Did you want to go to the chute with the boys?”
Adam and Ty, totally oblivious males, followed William’s words and found me.  Ty’s face lit up in a smile. Adam was all business, so gave a quick nod hello.
“Sure, I guess,” I responded. I'd been to a rodeo before, so I knew it was dangerous, but this was my first practice situation. 
“Jessica, nice of you to join us this evening,” Ty said with humor. “Thought maybe I smelled because of how fast you took off last night.”
He was referring to my painful fleeing when William showed up at the bar. I’d been so hurt by the events I basically sprinted out of there. 
“Yeah, you were right—it was you,” I said in a bored, dead pan voice. “Had I known you’d be here I wouldn’t have come.” 
“Nice to see you dressed for the occasion,” Adam commented with a wink before he followed William toward the chute.
“Dude, I was straight from working out! How was I supposed to know he would accost me at the hospital!” I said overly loud.
“She said dude!” One of the miniature cowboys giggled as we passed.
“Ty, you sound like an old witch with that cackle,” I muttered darkly.
“Dude, leave me alone,” Ty spat, then resumed his hysteria.
After a few of the young boys had ridden, William made his way over to me. I could feel the anticipation mounting as I watched the play of his muscles and the power of his stride. I wanted to see more, only with fewer clothes.
He must have had an idea what I was thinking because he had a half smile on his face, his gaze never faltering.
He leaned against the fence opposite me, still on the inside of the arena. “Hi gorgeous. Are you bored?"
“Hey. No, not at all. Just taking it all in. It’s nice that it isn’t such a blood sport here like the real rodeo.” I moved closer to the fence, craving contact.
He reached through the bars and trailed his course thumb down my cheek. The contact left a trail of heat on my skin. His eyes held a promise and his lips curved up into a sultry smile. “I really did try to steer clear of you, you know. But you kept pulling me back in. Like gravity. Now I’m caught."
I leaned closer, his musty scent filling my world. I reached through the bars and put my hands on the sides of his rock hard stomach. Heat filled my nethers at the same time as I shivered.
“Lord woman. You’ll be the death of me,” he said in a husky voice. He pulled my face toward his, our lips meeting solidly. 
While I was really into kissing him, I wasn’t really into the steel bars smashing up against my face. He must have had the same thought, because backed off.
“That was a bit awkward,” I said, making light of it.
His eyes were on fire through the bars. It was like they reached in and grabbed my soul, clutching me, body and spirit, and sucking me in. I was hooked. Long since hooked. I never wanted him to let go.
I slid my hand up his chest and quietly exhaled, a slight moan tucked into my breath. 
“I’m happy that you’re all happy and all the rest, but can we get back to it?” Adam said in an elevated voice.
William slid his thumb across my face lightly, a small smile playing across his face, before he backed away and faced Adam. “You sure can kill a mood.” 
Adam flinched when William lightly punched his arm as he walked by, then shook his head, watching William walk toward the chute where a mini cowboy was gingerly sitting onto a patient bull.  
“Never seen nothin’ like it,” Adam murmured, for my ears alone. “It’ll take a strong woman to tame that man. But you got a good start on it.” He laughed and ruffled my hair through the bars. He walked away chuckling to himself and shaking his head.
Men were so freaking weird!
I watched while the younger guys got on tame bulls and hopped around the enclosure. It seemed that tonight was armature night. On purpose. It wasn’t until all the really young kids had gone that the older guys—Ty, Adam and William—got to play. It was a different night in the week that the more experienced riders would try their hand with William’s harder stock.
“So, Jess, one-hundred and eighty, huh?” Ty asked while leaning against the gate on the inside of the oval arena.
“I don’t skateboard. Or snowboard, for that matter.”
Ty looked at me cross-wise, meaning he had no idea what I was talking about.
“What?” I clarified.
“My boy Willie. He wants you, he doesn’t want you—how’d you get him to come around?”
“Dressing like a homeless person and hanging around the hospital. No big deal.”
Ty let out a bark of laughter. “Well, he hasn’t poked his head out of his shell for a great many years. Then all of a sudden, there is this chick that’s hanging around, supposed to be available, but if anyone even talks to her Willie shoots death threats with the ol’ peepers. What’s up?”
My stomach was surging at the words. My face was hopefully hiding it. I shrugged, super nonchalant. “I have great blackmail.”
“That it? Well, put a reign to that boy, will you? His moods are awfully poopy sometimes.”
“Did you say poopy?” I asked, chuckles bubbling up.
Ty shrugged. 
“No, seriously Ty, did you use poopy as a description? Are you five?”
“Candace would answer yes.” Ty laughed as he walked toward the fallen cowboy who quickly got up and started running for his life while the bull was jumping in the opposite direction. 
Next up, Ty. He was the professional rodeo guy. He made a stack of cash riding bulls. Which meant, quite simply, that he was really good. 
But William’s bulls, which William bred himself, were better.
Ty rode a giant bastard of a bull, fell off in a heap, then limped to the gate. 
“Seven seconds, man,” William shouted. To qualify, a rider needed to stay on for eight. “Was he good, or you bad?”
“Fuck you, Davies!” Ty shouted back, waiting for the bull to trot into the pen before he limped out of the arena.
“So, good then.” William laughed to himself.
Adam was next. He had the hand soaring, the posture right, and the body handling the bull with ease. When he got the same question, he said, “I lasted eight, could’ve lasted longer. Breed better, Davies.”
“Why aren’t you professional?” I asked Adam when he perched near my neck of the gate.
“Ah…” He took off his cowboy hat and scratched his head. “I ain’t cut out for this kinda thing. I got me a ranch ‘n a bunch of pursuits. This is a hobby. My money comes from hard work.”
“And riding bull is…easy work?”
Adam smiled and looked around for Ty. “Nah, it ain’t easy, but it’s only eight seconds, right? A real man can last longer than eight seconds.”
“Oh my God!” I leaned back on the fence and laughed. “A sex joke? You are so going to hell! You should be waiting until you’re married!”
“You make sexual jokes all the time!” Adam defended.
“Yeah, but, I’m from California. It is well known—or so Juniper at work would have me believe—that God doesn’t listen to Californians. I’m in the clear. I’ll show up at His pearly gates and He’ll just wave me through because He doesn’t recognize me—I’m in the blind spot.”
Adam shook his head and heaved with laughter. I’d heard from Candace and a few of the guys that Adam didn’t laugh often. He tried to set himself up as Mr. Serious. But obviously it was before he’d met someone as cracked as me. Now he laughed all the time, because if he didn’t make fun of me, I did him a service and made fun of myself.
If he ever got to meet my friends, he’d pass out from asphyxiation from laughing so hard!
William got on last.
“Hey—“ 
Adam glanced around, realized it was me that hissed, and took a few steps in my direction.
“Yeah?”
“So, why doesn’t William ride professionally? You all were pissed when I brought it up at the rodeo…”
“First of all, it’s y’all, not you all…”
I rolled my eyes.
“Second…” Adam looked back at the chute, a tiny enclosure within the gate that held the bull so a rider to get strapped to its back in almost safety. “His dad put the foot down. He’s good—better than me—but he’s big. The best guys are smallish, ya know? Like Ty. Small center of gravity. Willie’s six-two. He gots talent, but he ain’t got enough to make it too far. His dad reeled him in. Best thing for him, but he don’t like to hear it.”
“Did you ever take an English class in your life?”
Adam just laughed.
“How’d I do?” William asked after his ride, bending over to put his hands on his knees to catch his breath. 
I clutched the bars, wanting to get closer. I’d been pining after the guy for months, so now, being actually allowed to touch him and unable made me slightly edgy. “Is this where you get all your muscle?”
 “This and other farm work. I do as much as I can. It’s good for the soul.”
“Hmm.” 
He smiled a promise, knowing what I was thinking. “I need to get some water out of the truck. Be right back.”
“Okay…” As I watched William bound away, Ty filled in the gap.
“So…you wanna get on one?”
“You mean, get on a massive bull that wants to stab me with his huge horns?”
“No. I mean, do you want to get on a smallish steer that is indifferent because he got his balls cut off?”
“Is it hard?”
“Yes. But doable.”
“Do many girls ride?”
“Only a few dumb ones.”
“Well, then. Sign me up. I’ll give it a go.”
Ty smiled. “Excellent. Right this way m’lady. We have to get you up there before Willie finds out and flips.”
He yelled to Adam what we planned to do, and I saw Adam give the same mighty grin. They hustled me to the chute, put a not so flattering helmet on me, then a black vest, and pointed for me to climb up and get on the bull.
About that point my teeth started chattering. What the hell was I doing? Even though this bull was supposed to be small and calmer, it was still a big animal. A strong animal. Weighing over five hundred pounds. Even if all it did was roll on me, it would still hurt. 
I climbed up with shaky arms, too stupid to back down now, with Adam and Ty on either side. Another couple guys saw what we were doing and came over to help.
“This little lady fixin’ to ride?” one of the guys asked. He looked in his twenties.
I nodded nervously, throwing a leg over the metal bar and looking down on a giant animal that did not want a person on its back. 
“This is fairly stupid,” I muttered.
All the boys laughed and nodded at the same time, one of the guys leaning closer on the railing.
“Right, okay Mr. Bull,” I said, gingerly sneaking a leg over its back but not actually touching it yet, “I’m just going to sit on your back. No big deal.”
“He can’t understand ya, Jess.” The smile almost got in the way of Adam’s words.
“Can’t understand you maybe.” I eased my butt lower until it was just touching the animals back. Then froze. Waiting.
Ty was helplessly chuckling as he watched me, frozen, waiting for the world to spin. He said, “That’s why women rarely do this sport—they’re too thoughtful. They’re too methodical. They think about shit.”
One of the guys nodded from his lean. “They talk themselves out of it before they even begin.”
“Always knew they was smarter. Y’all don’t have to give Jessie a big head.” Adam reached over the metal bars of the chute and gently grabbed my left hand. “Just gonna tie ya in, Jess.”
I had all my weight on the massive animal, shorter than a horse but broader. It’s back was somewhat rounded and very hard, a squat bundle of muscle. And I was allowing Adam to tie my hand, palm up, into a rope around it’s chest. I’d done some seriously stupid crap in my life, but this one had to take the cake.
 “Okay, here—” Ty abruptly stopped talking. His focus went just over my shoulder. To William who was in the rink walking toward us with a head full of thunder clouds. Ty’s smile faltered, a hint of fear peeking through. 
 “Uh oh, Ty, papa bear looks mad,” I said with a smirk.
“Jessica, no way. No way. Too dangerous. What are you guys thinking?” William exclaimed, not seeing the humor.
Did I look like his child? 
“William, you are going to rile the ball-less bull up then I’ll really get killed. Go do your job and keep me safe.”
“Jessica, this is too dangerous. You haven’t a clue what you are doing!”
“I know exactly what I’m doing. I am going to hold my hand in the air, wiggle my body around, fall, and run like hell. Easy.”
He got right up close to the fence, tilting his chin up to meet my eyes, which did not diminish his air of domination. My body tingled and my sexy-parts purred. 
 “Jessica, I am not going to tell you again, get-off-of-the-bull. You are not doing this.”
Arousal aside, I did not plan to take orders from my guy. I hated being talked to like a child. Especially in front of others. 
“William.” I hardened my gaze, no longer playing. I also reduced my volume so he knew this was just for him. “I am not going to tell you again. I am going to ride this steer because I want to. I am old enough to make my own stupid decisions. I made it. Either I can do this with your help to keep me out of harm, or I can go down the road to McKinley’s ranch and ride one there. That is the choice you have to make.”
We stared at each other in a battle of wills. I wanted to kiss him. Rake down his chest with my fingers. Strap myself onto his body instead of this bull, and ride all night. But this wasn’t about sex. This was about principle, so I held my aching core in check and glared for all I was worth.
Finally, seeing I wouldn’t bend, a smile tugging at the very corners of his lips, William sighed. “Fine. But don’t blame me if you break your fool neck.”
“Deal,” I said. “Ty, give me some instructions.”
Four guys exhaled, one, Ty, also laughed. Apparently, standing up to William was a touchy affair. Just wait until they eventually met Flem.
“Okay Jess,” Ty said, leaning over the gate to help situate my body. “You want to hold on with all your mite. When the bull gets out of the chute, it will probably just hop in a straight line. This one is pretty docile. Keep your free hand in the air to try and help your balance. You won’t have form and technique, so just hold on until you start to fall. Then, and this is very important, let go. Let yourself fall and let go.”
“Yeah, let go. I got it.”
Ty should his head, deadly serious. “You’d be surprised. Many don’t remember that detail.”
“Because they want to stay on. I won’t. I think I’ll remember.”
“A rider that doesn’t want to stay on the bull. Huh," the guy leaning said with a smirk. This was probably more entertaining than anything else that evening so far.
“Okay, after you let go…” Ty continued, giving me a lopsided look, into which I rolled my eyes, “get up and run for the fence. William and I will keep the bull away from you. It probably won’t care about you anyway, but if it does we will make sure you are out of harm’s way. Try to fall on your side or butt. Falling on your feet would be best, of course, but...doubtful. You don’t want to fall on your head or fall on anything that you can break. Trust me, I’ve been there and it sucks. Got it?”
I nodded and smiled nervously. Ty hit me on the helmet. “Show all these young boys what’s what.”
“Okay.”
William reached through the fence and gave my leg a pat. “You’ll be fine. That bull won’t go near ya.” He winked.
Ty jumped into the rink and Adam crawled up the fence, on the inside of the gate, and worked a clasp at the top. He looked down at me. “Ready?”
“No. Okay. Yes. Just do it.”
“Alright. Here goes.”
Adam jerked the gate open, the door swinging wide. I heard a slap that sounded like hand on bull butt, and suddenly we were air born!
The world rushed by in a stringy haze. I threw my hand up, feeling enormous pressure on the arm strapped in. The animal landed, jolting my body forward. I automatically leaned back, my whole body fighting inertia, not wanting to fall over the bull’s head.
It bounded up, the power in the leap jerking me, my surroundings lost to the rocking. I had no idea what my hand was doing anymore. Either hand. All I knew was that gravity was pulling to the side, the bull was ungodly strong, and I was falling.
“Shit!” I grunted between clenched teeth.
I didn’t need to be told to let go. I hit the ground on my side, half not realizing I’d fallen at all, hopped up like I was on springs, and ran for my life, seeing a monstrous brute with horns, red eyes and steam chasing me down.
I had a tendency to overreact.
 “Wrong way!”
I twisted mid-stride, and kept running, now the opposite direction. I was pretty fast, and in my workout clothes, so I hit that gate and risked a glance back.
The bull was hopping at the other end of the enclosure, by itself, completely unconcerned about its former rider. The boys were all bent over laughing.
William came over, still chuckling, with a big smile. He hugged me tightly and walked me back to the other guys, now huddled around and mocking me.
 “How long was I on?” I panted.
“Oh-hh, about three seconds.”
“That’s hard.”
“Yup. You did well, though. You moved well on it.”
 “How’r ya doin’?” Adam asked as we approached.
“Good,” I said, nodding as I sucked air. “My arm feels like it was pulled out of my body, and I’ll probably be sore tomorrow, but other that it was fun.”
“The first ride. I hope someone got a picture,” Ty said as an afterthought, looking around the smiling group of young guys and their fathers.
 “A’right everyone,” William said as Adam helped me take off my gear. “That is it for tonight. Next month we’ll do it again for all wanting practice.”
There were nods and words of thanks. The young boy that helped me at the chute came up with some Ben Gay. “Here, you’ll need this. It’ll help with the soreness.”
“Oh thanks. I’m Jessica by the way.”
“Hank.”
“Hi Hank. Thanks again.”
“No sweat, girl. Takes some balls to get up on a bull. Not many girls do it.”
“I heard only the dumb ones.”
“That’d be ‘bout right, that would. Ha. That’d be ‘bout right.” 
He said good-bye and hurried away. Everyone was clearing out. 
Ty and Adam sauntered over with a big “I feel manly!” sign on their heads. They joined William, which was standing by me.
“Night cap at Tommy’s?” Ty asked. It sounded like a ritual.
William turned to me, his eyes smoldering in the dim light. I could see the promise emanating, sparking the anticipation. 
“Nah, probably not tonight. I gotta go see about a horse,” he said, turning back to the boys.
“Jeez, Jessie, he ain’t all that flattering, huh?” Adam said with a smirk. 
Ty was chuckling as he turned away. “‘Nite,” was all he said.
At the truck, William turned me toward him before opening my door. He slid his hands around my waist. “Sorry about that.” 
“You mean, about talking to me like a child in front of my peers?”
“Yes.”
“Apology accepted. Please don’t do it again. I am stubborn, but will be receptive if you address me like an adult.”
“Understood. I was scared for you. Finally got you and didn’t want to lose you, you know?”
I nodded. He pulled me tight against him. “Man, you have a temper on you, though.”
“Can we go now?”
He kissed my neck languidly before saying, “Yeah, I just have to turn off the lights. I’ll meet you in the truck.”
It was like my stomach had fallen asleep, and was now waking up. It felt like pins and needles with a background of washing machine. I was getting nervous about later on. I knew we would be getting down to business, but for some reason it felt as though I had never done it before. It felt like my first time. Maybe it was all the dreams and longing and wanting, but I was a little frightened that it wouldn’t live up to expectation. He was a good kisser, and gentle, and I really liked him, so signs pointed to it being great, but you never knew.
Especially in anything where I was a participant.
 “How’s the arm?” he asked as he climbed in. The whole truck smelt like Ben Gay.
“Hurts a little, but nothing serious.”
“I remember being sore all the time when I was learning. Still get sore sometimes with a particularly rough bull.”
“You are good.”
“Thanks. I had to give it up to focus on business, but I had a good go of it for a time.”
We got back to the ranch house. As we were getting out of the truck, he asked, “Do you want to go in the hot tub to try and relax your muscles?”
Did his voice quiver? Or was it just my ears that were quivering? Like the rest of my body.
“That would be fantastic,” I breathed, pushing my thoughts aside.
We walked into the house from the garage. It was well furnished with expensive paintings and other art, while still maintaining a country feel. Someone was an expert decorator. We went down a hallway into a large room.
“This is where I stay when I'm here,” William declared, looking around.
It was a big room with a king sized bed, a sitting chair with a lamp in the corner, and a fireplace. 
“Nice. It’s big.”
“Most of the rooms here are big. Why not? One thing this ranch has is plenty of space. I’ll show you around tomorrow.”
He went to his dresser. “Now, what do you want to wear in the hot tub? I’m afraid I don’t have any ladies swim suits lying around.”
I scrunched up my face. “Are you expecting anyone else tonight?”
“No, why?”
“I’ll just go in my birthday suit.”
“In the hot tub?”
“Yeah. Why not? You’ve seen naked girls before. Not a big surprise. Except all my parts are real.”
“Ha-ha- very funny. Uh...,” He surveyed his drawer, eyes unfocused, deciding. “Okay.”
“Be a joiner, not an individual. Nobody likes individuals.”
“Uh huh.” He got a couple towels. “Robes are out there. Do you need to call Gladis or anyone?”
“No. She is in the hospital, remember? I’ll see her tomorrow.”
“Uh huh.” 
It wasn’t the fault of my ears. He was as nervous as I was.
We went out a sliding glass door connected to his room, around a corner and viole—hot tub. When we took of the cover it happily steamed away, beckoning us to enter. I was beckoning William the same thing.
When he was over in the covered area away from the hot tub ten feet, putting away the cover, he said, “Do you want some champagne or anything? Do you want the light on?” 
“No to both. Thank you.”
I quickly slipped out of my clothes, embarrassed and not sure why, and left a heap of fabric on a nearby chair. The Ben Gay burned slightly as the warm water lapped at it. I ignored it completely, sighing in delight as my bare butt found a built-in seat.
 “Feel good?” William asked, standing by the stair. His fingers worked at his shirt buttons.
Hanging On, Book 2

~*~*~*~
Thank you for taking the time to read my ebook. Please leave feedback. For information on my other titles, please visit my website:
http://kfbreene.com/


Contacting K.F. Breene:

To be put on the mailing list (for new releases and giveaways): http://www.kfbreene.com/mailing-list.html 

Blog: kfbreene.org
Facebook: www.facebook.com/authorKF
Twitter: @KFBreene




