



DESERT ROSE

Book 1: Warrior Series

by
LAURA TAYLOR




Smashwords Edition
Copyright ©2013 by Laura Taylor
eBook ISBN: 978-0-9893204-0-5

All rights reserved. No portion of this book, regardless of its format, may be duplicated or transmitted without prior written permission of the copyright holder, except where permitted by law.

Publisher’s Note: This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, business establishments, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Copyright ©1994 by Laura Taylor
This romance novel is an updated edition of Desert Rose, Bantam Loveswept #555.

Cover Art Design: Rebecca Swift
eBook Formatting Services: http://design.lkcampbell.com/



“Laura Taylor writes with the power and sensuality that characterizes the best authors in the romance genre.”
—Romantic Times Magazine



About the Author


Laura Taylor’s romance writing awards include 6 Lifetime Achievement, Reviewer’s Choice, and Career Achievement Awards and Certificates from ROMANTIC TIMES, 2 MAGGIE Awards from GRW/RWA, a Golden Rose Award from the Gold Coast Chapter of RWA, an RWA Golden Heart Series Romance Finalist Award, and an RWA RITA Finalist Award.

TWITTER
FACEBOOK
GOOGLE PLUS



ROMANTIC TIMES BOOK REVIEW


“…a firecracker of a book from Laura Taylor! In the beautifully written DESERT ROSE, a downed pilot imprisoned in the Middle East learns the true meaning of love when a lovely humanitarian relief worker is thrown into the next cell. Ms. Taylor brings more than one tear to the eye as she brilliantly depicts the very high price sometimes asked of individuals in the name of higher causes. But it is the joy of her lovers’ triumph over their adversity that will linger with you always.”


Awards for Laura Taylor & DESERT ROSE

Reviewer’s Choice Certificate of Excellence for Best Series Romance Novel – Romantic Times

Reviewer’s Choice Award for Best Bantam Loveswept Novel of the Year – Romantic Times


Reader Praise for DESERT ROSE

“I absolutely loved this book!”
“If you like patriotic, tough as nails military guys with a sensitive side, read this!”
“Loved the book … I look forward to reading more from Laura Taylor!”
“Great writing style by the author.”
“Compelling!”
“I loved this story!”
“Yet another winner by Laura Taylor!”
“They found true love in the most terrifying place.”
“I love everything Laura Taylor writes.”



DEDICATION


For dear friends, thriller writer Andrew Peterson
and his beautiful Carla — with much love. LT



PROLOGUE


DAVID WINSLOW dreamed with all of his senses engaged. He craved the heat and willingness of a sensual woman, a rare steak, and a six-pack of ice-cold American beer – just a few of the pleasures he’d been denied during the endless days and nights of isolation, hunger, and torture that he’d endured since his captivity and imprisonment.
Sprawled on his back atop a rank-smelling pallet that failed to accommodate his large-framed body, he shifted restlessly. He groaned in his sleep, the ache in his empty belly nearly as severe as the ache in his loins.
Reaching out, David sought comfort where none existed in his nightmares. He found nothing more substantial than air. Disappointment and frustration made him groan a second time. A volley of rifle shots suddenly exploded in the courtyard adjacent to his cellblock.
He jerked upright into a seated position. He crossed his arms in front of his face and upper torso, an instinctive defensive posture against any and all threats. His chest heaved, the air raging in and out of his body scalding his lungs even as he scanned the shadowed corners of his small cell through narrowed eyes.
David scowled and brought himself under control. He stilled his body, and he slowed his breathing as he listened for the subtlest hint that he might no longer be the sole occupant of the cellblock.
Several tense minutes passed.
Finally convinced that he was still alone, he pushed himself up to his feet and prowled the cell like the caged animal he knew he’d become. He remained in motion for nearly an hour, the exercise tiring but also an integral part of his morning ritual.
David eventually paused in front of his makeshift calendar. He simmered with renewed fury as he stared at the grooves he’d already made in the wall with a metal tab removed from a zipper on his flight suit. Digging into his pocket, he fingered the sharpened tab and resigned himself to making the fifty-seventh mark.
Fighting the despair that fought for dominance in his mind as he completed his task, David returned to his pallet. As he sat, spine rigid and fists clenched so tightly that they began to ache, he fought for a mental state somewhere between self-pity and hopefulness.
He longed for the luxury of companionship and conversation, just as he craved decent food, a hot shower, and clean clothes. He whispered a prayer for freedom, but he couldn’t keep himself from wondering if anyone even knew he was alive and if they would ever respond to his fervent entreaty.
David closed his eyes, bowed his head, and massaged the back of his neck. He calmed himself with steadying breaths. And in the silence of his cell, he once again vowed to survive this Middle East hellhole in spite of the odds stacked against him.
An objective observer would understand and empathize with his frustration, his loneliness, and his constant fear of being executed without a trial. But his captors would never permit an observer, not even one from the International Red Cross. The Geneva Convention meant nothing here.
Instead, David Winslow, a defiantly stubborn thirty-five year-old aviator, American citizen, and officer in the United States Marine Corps – the same man who refused to succumb to starvation or to surrender to the other acts of violence inflicted upon him by his guards – consciously and steadfastly endured.
An unexpected sound jarred him from his thoughts. He surged to his feet and moved into the shadowed corner of his cell. Tension tightened every muscle in his body when he heard more than one set of footsteps rushing down the cellblock’s center aisle.
Squaring his shoulders, David worked at mastering his anxiety over the prospect of yet another torture session with his interrogators. He counted each second that passed. A fine sheen of perspiration covered his face, and he grimaced as he recalled the beatings he’d experienced during two long months of captivity.
Raking a hand through his dark hair, David froze when the barred door of the cell next to his was shoved open. One of the guards shouted in an Arabic dialect, his ire evident. David took a shallow breath, then another.
Another prisoner? he wondered.
The shouting continued, and then something – or someone – landed on the cell floor. The barred door slammed closed, the squealing resistance of the rusty tracks a lingering punctuation mark in the otherwise silent cellblock. The guards quickly departed without even glancing in his direction.
Bewildered, he gave into his curiosity and cautiously emerged from the shadowed corner. He slid along the wall, but the sound of sobbing brought him up short. He exhaled as compassion and comprehension blunted his surprise.
Understanding the man’s need for privacy, he remained silent as he stood there. He would give his fellow prisoner time to compose himself, time to come to terms with the shock and horror he felt. David leaned back against the wall, closed his eyes, and wondered if they spoke a common language.
“This cannot be happening.”
David stiffened, unable to believe his ears.
“This is not happening to me,” the female voice groaned again through her weeping.
A woman? An English-speaking woman?
He shook his head in denial. He was losing it, he realized. He’d dreamed nightly about the soft, welcoming embrace of a woman, and he’d finally been reduced to fantasizing that one now occupied the adjacent cell.
He tried to speak, tried to verify her existence, but each time he opened his mouth, words failed him. Disgusted with his own uncertainty and afraid that he’d manufactured a companion out of desperation, he retreated to his pallet.
Her sobbing eventually abated, and he welcomed the respite from her shattered emotions. His own emotions, he realized, were unsettled enough. Still, disbelief and doubt lingered within him, and he felt compelled to make certain that he hadn’t imagined her.
“Are you alright?” David Winslow asked in a voice ragged from lack of use.



CHAPTER 1


“ARE YOU alright?”
The question came out of nowhere, starling Emma so thoroughly that she dropped the tote bag she’d been clutching against her chest. Certain she’d imagined the masculine voice, she groaned, “Oh, God.”
“Can you hear me?” the man asked. “Are you alright?”
Wondering if she’d crossed the fine line that separated sanity from insanity, she tilted her head to one side and listened as she knelt on the filth encrusted floor of her narrow cell.
“Okay, we’ll try this one more time.”
Emma found the mellow resonance of his deep voice oddly reassuring, but she still didn’t quite trust her own ears.
“Are you alright?”
“Who’s there?” she whispered, finally willing to believe she wasn’t alone.
“David Winslow. Major, United States Marine Corps.”
“You’ve got to be kidding!”
“Don’t I wish,” he responded.
“What … how … I don’t understand.”
“Try to stay calm, miss,” he advised. “When you can manage it, I want you to tell me your name.”
“Emma … Emma Hamilton.”
“Are you alright, Emma Hamilton? Have you been injured in any way?”
She didn’t even attempt to varnish the part of the truth she was willing to reveal. “My pride’s dented, I’m scared out of my mind, and I’d kill for a shower, clean clothes, and a way out of this nightmare I seem to be having.” Emma swallowed against her rising panic. “It isn’t a nightmare, though, is it? I’m really in a prison cell.”
“I’m afraid so.” David paused. Then, he asked, “Where are you from?”
“San Diego,” she replied, relieved to be asked a question she could actually answer, and even more relieved that this man sounded so … so normal.
“A California girl, huh?”
“Sorry to disappoint you, but I left my bikini at home and my hair’s jet black.”
“I am mortally wounded.”
Laughter burst out of her, and she briefly forgot that she might never see her family again. “What about you? Where are you from?”
“Billings, Montana. Born and bred.”
Amazed, she said, “A cowboy?”
“A Marine, miss.”
She heard his pride and found it endearing, but a wisp of suspicion unexpectedly filtered into her consciousness. “This isn’t some kind of a trick, is it? Did the secret police put you in here to test me?”
She waited for him to answer, but his silence made her start to wonder if he would ever speak to her again. She urged, “Please don’t stop talking to me. I’m … I’m holding onto my wits with my fingernails right now, and I really need to believe you’re real.”
“I’ve been thinking the secret police might have put you in here,” David admitted.
Emma nodded and tried to sound in control of her emotions. “I guess that’s understandable.” Curious, she asked, “So, what are you really doing here?”
“Counting the days,” he quipped, but the anger edging his voice made his attempt at levity fall flat.
“Americans aren’t exactly welcome in this part of the world,” she said, “unless, of course, we happen to be providing food, medical supplies, or money for weapons.”
“That much I’ve figured out.”
“Please don’t tell me you work for the CIA.”
He laughed then, the sound blessedly normal and possessed of no small amount of seduction. “Now I know you aren’t a plant. You’re too blunt.”
Emma didn’t appreciate his observation, having been accused for years, especially by her diplomat brother, Sam, of having little or no tact. Nor was she prepared for the underlying sensuality of his laughter, which made her fumble for her next comment. “I guess you aren’t allowed to discuss your … mission, are you?”
The humor remained in his voice. “Reconnaissance isn’t considered a secret when routine visual recon missions are agreed upon by both sides.”
“Then you’re a pilot?”
“Second seat of an F-18D.”
“Second seat?”
“Behind the pilot. I’m a Weapons Systems Officer,” David clarified.
“I know almost nothing about military airplanes.”
He chuckled. “Most people don’t, but I won’t take it personally.”
A door squeaked open and slammed against a wall at the far end of the corridor, followed by footsteps advancing toward her cell. Emma, jerked back to the reality of imprisonment, stiffened with apprehension.
“David?” she whispered.
“Stay calm and don’t speak to the guard, Emma. It’s the safest thing to do with these people.”
She felt pure terror at the possibility of additional interrogation – and the rubber hoses. Dear God, not another beating with those rubber hoses as she writhed on the floor while her interrogators jeered at her and called her a whore. “I don’t expect to ever feel safe again, and I’m starting to wonder if I’ll ever feel anything but fear.”
David muttered a harsh word, but he didn’t say anything more to her. She remained motionless on the floor in the center of her cell. And as she knelt there, her mind filled to overflowing with images of cruelty and violence, Emma suddenly wondered how long David Winslow had been incarcerated.
A uniformed guard paused in front of her cell. Her heart thundered against her ribs as she kept her eyes fastened on the scuffed surface of his boots. Hugging her tote bag, she said silent prayers and kept her head bowed.
The guard finally moved on, paused in front of what Emma assumed was David’s cell, lingered there for a long silent minute, and then retraced his footsteps. She began to breathe normally again only after she heard the cellblock door at the end of the hallway slam shut.
“Emma?”
“Yes?” She loathed the quiver she heard in her voice, but she couldn’t stem the tide of anxiety that threatened to engulf her. The consequences of imprisonment in a Middle East country considered renegade by the rest of the world were almost too shocking to fully grasp.
“The guards check the cells nearly every hour. You’ve just experienced routine rounds. That guy’s one of the regulars in this cellblock.”
She managed, “I’ll have to trust you.”
He hesitated before cautioning, “We’ll have to trust each other as long as we’re in here together.”
Her mouth went as dry as dust. She began to shake. She couldn’t stop the violent trembling of her body or the sudden chattering of her teeth.
“Talk to me, Emma,” David ordered sharply. “It’ll help you deal with the stress.”
“Can’t!” she gasped.
“If you’re having the shakes, get up and move around your cell. You can walk off the tension you’re feeling. It’s normal, so don’t start thinking that you’re cracking up, because you’re not. I experienced the same thing you’re going through right now when I first checked into this hotel from hell.”
She heard compassion in his rough voice, but she lacked the strength to move just yet. “I think I’d rather listen for now, if that’s okay with you. I’m still a little too shaky to do much chatting or hiking.”
“Try.”
“My legs feel like rubber bands right now. Soon, though,” she promised. “Just give me a few minutes.”
After a brief silence, he seemed to accept her decision. “Alright, Emma. You need to know the rules around here. I’ve discovered that these guys aren’t real patient if you don’t observe them. Understand?”
“Yes. Tell me the rules, David.”
“Don’t ever initiate conversation of any kind, not unless you’re prepared to confess to whatever crimes they’re accusing you of having committed. Always keep your eyes averted unless ordered to do otherwise. Study a shoulder or a spot on the wall when they speak to you or if you have to answer a question. These guys consider prisoners of war and women about ten notches down from second-class citizens.”
“How enlightened,” she croaked.
“Have you … have you been interrogated?” he asked in a somber tone that revealed his familiarity with the experience.
She nodded, forgetting for a moment that they couldn’t see each other.
“Emma?”
“Sorry. Yes. I’ve been interrogated.”
“How long did it last?”
“They started around dusk yesterday. They hammered at me all night long and then for most of this morning … ” Her voice splintered, and it took her several silent minutes to slow her racing heart.
She vividly recalled the angry smack of a hard rubber hose as it snapped against her legs and arms when they’d wanted to rouse her after she’d fainted, the further humiliation of being allowed to stand before being knocked to the floor for another round with the rubber hoses, and the endless questioning by a series of interrogators who possessed less humanity than a pile of rocks.
And then there’d been the constant threat of rape. Never stated, of course, but it had been there like a separate entity in the hard eyes of the leering men who’d questioned her. She suppressed a shudder, refusing to fall apart. She’d be damned if she gave those bastards the satisfaction.
“Your breathing’s calmer now.”
“Yes,” she agreed. “I still don’t understand why they think I’m some kind of a spy. I haven’t done anything wrong.”
“You’re tired, aren’t you?”
“Yes.” Tears welled in her eyes at the concern in his voice, but she blinked them away.
“And you’re more frightened than you ever thought you could be.”
“Totally.”
“Me, too.”
“You don’t sound scared.” And he didn’t, she realized, suddenly jealous of his composure. “In fact, you sound very calm and collected.”
“I’ve just had more practice at this. Fear and fatigue work in their favor,” he reminded her. “The secret is to use their system against them. Never overtly challenge your captors, simply undermine their tactics.”
“You’re trained for this, aren’t you?”
“Yes, but it doesn’t always … ” He broke off, not bothering to complete the sentence.
“It doesn’t what?”
Silence followed, stretching out into a tautness that seemed to speak volumes. He finally said, “It doesn’t always matter.”
“Have you been tortured?” she asked.
“Part of the package.”
Hard, dismissive, clipped-sounding voice. Matter of fact tone. She felt more chilled than before. She didn’t ask what they’d done to him. It was enough that she knew what they’d done to her – their cruelty would be much worse for a man – especially a man in uniform who represented a foreign power.
“Emma, your innocence is your best defense.”
“I hope so.”
He resumed his guidance in a measured deep voice, and she slowly responded to his patience and rational advice. She would try, she promised herself, to imitate his calmness even though she felt anything but calm.
“Your training was thorough,” she observed sometime later.
“Survival school. It’s mandatory for all aviators.”
He paused. She sensed that he was carefully weighing his words. She wondered why, but she didn’t press him. She also wondered about David Winslow, the man. Because she couldn’t see him, she gave into the impulse to speculate. His voice implied that he was a large man. Not a pretty man, she decided, but rugged and big and broad shouldered. Emma sighed. She felt safer somehow with his sturdy image forming in her mind.
“Look, I’ll teach you as much as I can, but I doubt you’ll need the lessons. Keeping a woman in this hellhole isn’t real bright, but then I’m not too impressed with their concept of military behavior. Half of the people I’ve encountered here are inept or inexperienced. The rest are just plain mean, and they’re the ones you’ll need to survive.” David exhaled, the sound weighted by the experience of his own captivity. “But it’s more likely that they’ll just feed you poorly for a few days, try to intimidate you, and then release you to one of the embassies on good terms with the U.S. Probably the Canadians or the Brits.”
She flashed on what they’d already done to her. “What about you?”
“Don’t worry about me.” His voice sounded flat. “There’s no percentage in it.”
“But I know you exist. If they put us next to each other, perhaps they have other plans for us. Maybe they intend to use us as the star attractions in some horrendous media event.” She made a choking sound. “These people televise beheadings, for God’s sake!”
“Don’t anticipate the worst. Just plan for it.”
“An old Montana saying?” she snapped.
“Just common sense.”
She relaxed incrementally. “I’ve been told that I lack that particular characteristic.”
“Really.”
“Yes. Sam thinks I’m hopeless, but then I suspect he believes that all women are hopeless.”
“Sam?”
“The bane of my existence.”
“Sounds like a strange relationship,” he observed.
“Your typical love-hate, but I secretly adore him.”
“I don’t like the guy already.”
Emma laughed with soft affection. “He’s alright, just opinionated.”
“You deserve better.”
Startled by his sharpness, she pointed out, “You don’t know me well enough to know what I deserve. Sam’s like any…”
“You’re right,” he cut in, “I don’t know you at all.”
“… big brother,” she finished in a whisper as she shrank back from David’s sudden brusqueness. She felt tense and frightened again. What had she said to provoke such an abrupt change in him?
“Try to rest, but don’t use sleep as an escape from what’s happening in here. When you’re awake, get up and move around your cell. Exercise is crucial for a positive state of mind. Keep your circulation flowing and your body strong, even if you aren’t given decent rations. It’ll help to distract you when the hours drag.”
“I’m hungry,” she admitted in a small voice as she absently smoothed her long black hair away from her face.
“Ditto. Don’t expect too much. The menu is limited to boiled vegetables in a watered-down broth, crusts of bread, that kind of thing. I’ve had rice a few times, but not with any regularity, so don’t count on it, either. Service is erratic, but someone usually shows up with what passes for food around here at least once a day. I’ve lost some weight. You probably will, too, unless your people can get you an early release. Who are they, by the way?”
“Child Feed. It’s part of the Samaritan Foundation. We focus on humanitarian issues that impact children across the globe, especially if there’s a situation involving warfare or natural disaster population displacement.”
“I know the outfit. One of the few organizations that actually uses all of its donations for the people it serves, which is saying something in this day and age.”
“That’s why I work for them.”
As they talked she worked her hair into a loose braid that trailed down the center of her back to her waist, appreciative of the information he provided in his steady, matter-of-fact voice. She found herself liking him and his willingness to share his strength.
“How long have you been here?” she asked when he finally fell silent.
“Too fucking long!”
She flinched. “How long, David?”
“Fifty-seven days.”
Stunned by his reply and amazed by his endurance, she released a ragged sigh. Nearly two months of captivity, and David Winslow still possessed courage and the ability to be compassionate to a total stranger.
Emma finally found her voice. “Have you been allowed to speak with anyone from a friendly embassy?”
He didn’t respond.
“David?”
“No,” he ground out. “They haven’t let me speak to anyone. You’re the first … ” An odd sound escaped him. “ … the first person I’ve spoken to since I was captured and brought here.”
“Thank you.”
“For what?”
She smiled. “For being so patient with me. You could have ignored me, and I wouldn’t have blamed you.”
“Not my style, Emma.”
His gruff voice made her want to hug him. She promised herself that she would someday. “I’ve already sensed that about you. You’re a … ”
“Christ! Not the N word.”
She laughed, and then she clapped her hand over her mouth to stifle the sound. “No, not the N word. Actually, decent was the word that popped into my head.”
She heard him clear his throat, then the sound of his footsteps as he paced back and forth in his cell. Uncertain what to say next, she shifted and tried to find a comfortable position while she waited for him to speak to her again.
Because her jeans and blouse were already filthy, Emma didn’t dwell on the grime embedded into the cell’s floor. Instead, she tugged her cape around her shoulders like a shawl to ward off the damp winter chill. And she reminded herself to take deep breaths each time she felt a wave of fear start to crash over her.
“Emma?”
“Yes?”
“They didn’t … you weren’t…”
She understood what he was asking. “I wasn’t raped, although … although for a while I expected to be. As things stand, I know the possibility still exists. I won’t pretend it doesn’t. The guards just tried to terrorize me by hauling me around like a sack of grain, slapping me, or knocking me off my feet when I wasn’t tied to a wooden chair in the interrogation room.”
She heard him exhale. Relief? Worry? She couldn’t quite define the sound, but she definitely understood the crude word he uttered a heartbeat later.
“What about you? Did they hurt you?”
“Doesn’t matter.”
“Of course, it matters!” she exclaimed despite his dismissive comment. “Tell me the truth. Were you mistreated? I heard other people being tortured during my interrogation. So don’t think lying to me will make me feel any better, because it won’t.”
“They used me for a punching bag during the early days, but I’ve pretty much healed.”
His negligent tone served to arouse her concern. “What did they do to you?” she pressed.
”What you’d expect in this type of a situation … just the usual shit.”
“The usual,” she echoed in disbelief. “Perhaps it’s ‘the usual’ with some back-alley criminal element or terrorists, but not among civilized people capable of talking to each other. I don’t care how different cultures are,” she insisted heatedly, “violence isn’t necessary and shouldn’t ever be condoned. Were you given medical care?”
“Emma, relax.” His voice reflected his amazement at her outburst. “You can’t change what’s already happened. Besides, a medic took care of me. He reset my dislocated shoulder, sutured the worst of the cuts, and gave me some pills. Hopefully, they were antibiotics.”
“How are you now?” she questioned in the determined tone she used on intransigent government officials when they tried to thwart her efforts on behalf of refugees.
“Fine, so change the subject.”
She sensed that he’d suffered far more than he was willing to admit. And she also sensed that she had just entered into an oddly intimate relationship with David Winslow, despite the fact that they couldn’t see or touch each other.
“With a little luck, the scars will fade and I won’t scare all the kids in my neighborhood when I get home,” he muttered.
She laughed at the wry note in his voice. “I like your attitude.”
“Self-pity won’t cut it in here. I figured that out right away.”
“Remind me of that if I start to act like a big baby.”
She shivered, suddenly aware that the old adage – only the strong survive – would undoubtedly be tested in the hours and days ahead. Emma offered a silent prayer that she would find the strength within herself to endure the hour to hour uncertainty of imprisonment.
“You may be untested, but you don’t strike me as the baby type. Besides, if you’ve survived the hotspots I think you have, starvation rations and filth won’t take you down.”
“I hope you’re right.” She rubbed at the gooseflesh on her arms, shivering beneath her cape. “I really hope you’re right, because I certainly wouldn’t want to become the weak link on this team.”



CHAPTER 2


UNABLE TO sleep despite the late hour, David listened to the sporadic bursts of gunfire from automatic weapons and the periodic grenade explosions that punctuated the night. He no longer felt alarmed by the sounds of violence, just a weary kind of resignation at what passed for normal in so much of the Middle East.
He suspected that the skirmishes between troops loyal to the government and the various political factions that controlled segments of the capital would continue until the country’s dictator was overthrown and replaced by elected officials. Until then he expected to remain a prisoner, a potential bargaining chip to be used, or perhaps eventually disposed of, depending upon the ever-shifting political winds of this part of the world.
He exhaled heavily and closed his large hands into fists, frustration gnawing on his nerves as he racked his brain yet again for a means of escape. Barring a minor miracle, he already knew that no successful route existed. Diplomacy would be his sole savior, even if he preferred and prayed for a covert military op. But nothing could happen unless someone even knew he was still alive.
Restless and on edge, David abandoned his pallet and paced. He allowed himself the luxury of thinking about his family for a few moments, although he understood how self-destructive it was to linger on the emotional stress his missing-in-action status had to be inflicting on his mother and sister. Deeply concerned about them, he knew they wouldn’t give up hope and wouldn’t stop praying for his safe return.
He shifted his thoughts to Emma Hamilton, and he experienced once gain the unexpected hunger she aroused in him. He didn’t know the reasons for her imprisonment. He simply assumed that she’d been in the wrong place at the wrong time. He intended to learn the facts, but he wanted to give her time to adjust to the situation before he broached the subject with her.
Emma.
Not a common or contemporary name, he mused, but he already knew that she possessed uncommon qualities. He’d heard the compassion and gentleness in her voice, as well as her understandable fear. He also sensed her warmth, and he silently craved a large dose of it for himself.
An air-raid siren screamed in the distance as David paused at the thick wall that separated their cells. He pressed both hands flat against the rough-textured surface, as though to absorb the essence of her for a few moments. Pressing his forehead to the wall, he closed his eyes and whispered, “Emma.” He savored the very sound of her name.
He half smiled as he recalled her genuine outrage that he’d been harmed by their captors. She brought to mind the image of a fierce, spitting feline. She also renewed his hunger for laughter and sex, although he grasped the futility of wishing to satisfy that latter, more elemental impulse.
Still, he wanted to hold her, to soothe her with more than words. He also longed to be soothed and satisfied by her, to lose himself, however briefly, in what he felt certain would be her consuming, burning heat. Desire hardened his body, and he breathed a low, lethal-sounding word as he struggled with his frustration.
Because their alliance was founded on uncertainty and fear of the unknown, and because of a man named Sam, he couldn’t expect anything more than friendly conversation from Emma Hamilton, even if the dense wall of mortar and stone blocks separating them somehow magically disappeared.
He groaned quietly and threw back his head. Unable to dismiss the desire flowing relentlessly through him and infusing his imagination, he wondered how he could feel so hotly aroused by the voice of a woman he’d never even seen. But what little he knew about Emma prompted him to imagine her as a shapely, slim-limbed woman of medium height with yards and yards of long, coal-black hair.
Her voice hinted at her age. Twenty-five, no more than thirty. Her skin had to be sun-kissed and as soft as satin. He tortured himself with thoughts of what it would be like to trace the curves and hollows of her body, to linger at pink-tipped breasts that would fill his hands and seduce his lips before his fingertips traveled lower to measure the width of her rounded hips.
Trembling, he jerked away from the barrier that separated him from Emma and began to pace his cell again. He couldn’t allow himself to indulge in such fantasies. He tried to force himself to ignore his awareness of her, but he failed. Miserably.
Lost in thought, David flinched when he heard Emma’s cry of distress. He paused in mid-stride, tension straightening his spine and tightening every muscle in his body.
Emma screamed again, the sound chilling David’s blood. Had she lied to him? Had the guards or interrogators done more than shove her around and question her for endless hours?
“Help me,” she moaned in her sleep.
“Emma! Wake up. You’re having a nightmare.”
“Help me,” she pleaded.
David gripped the iron bars of his cell and called out, “Emma, listen to me. I can’t get to you. You have to wake up on your own. Fight the nightmare, and wake yourself up. Do it now!” he ordered.
She continued to groan and mumble.
David couldn’t make out the words. “Emma! Come on, babe, fight the nightmare,” he coaxed, his voice steady despite his worry that she would draw the attention of the guards. “Fight back, Emma. Do it for me, please. Don’t give in to your fear.” He paused to gauge the impact of his words.
“I’m … alright,” she finally gasped.
“Talk to me. It’ll help.”
“I can’t.”
He heard her sobbing and understood how alone she felt. Still gripping the iron bars, he said, “I’d hold you if I could.”
“I … I warned you I’d be a big baby.”
“You’re not a baby.”
“You’re just trying to make me feel better.”
“I wouldn’t lie to you, Emma.”
“I woke you, didn’t I?”
“I wasn’t asleep. I think I’ve turned into an insomniac since I’ve been in here.”
“Is it always so dark?” she asked.
David recalled how much the constant darkness had bothered him at first. He empathized. She still had so much to learn about captivity.
“I’m afraid so.”
She sighed, the sound sad enough to make a grown man weep. David very nearly did, and then he swore at the circumstances that thwarted him from holding and comforting her.
“I was having a nightmare.”
“I suspected as much.”
“I’m really sorry.”
“No sweat, Emma. It happens. I didn’t sleep too well my first few nights in here either.”
“You’re so damned patient and understanding!” she charged, her emotions seesawing back and forth.
“Is there another choice?” he asked in a voice as hard as granite. He couldn’t let her tumble into an ocean of self-pity. He knew the risk of drowning in it.
“Sam would approve of you.”
“I take it that wasn’t a compliment,” David teased, although the mere mention of the man in her life set his teeth on edge.
“As superior as Sam can be, I miss him.”
He sidestepped the dismay her remark inspired. “Focus on getting out of here and going home to him.”
Sounding bewildered, she asked, “Why would I go home to Sam? He lives in Paris, and I live in San Diego. Besides, it’ll be a cold day in hell before I admit to my brother that I got myself arrested in a foreign country. I’d never hear the end of it.”
Brother? David felt a wave of relief slam into him. Sam wasn’t her lover.
“Take a deep breath, why don’t you? You’ve had a nightmare, but you’re okay now. You’re probably feeling a little disoriented at the moment, but that’s perfectly natural.”
“David?”
He heard her uncertainty, and he ached to gather her into his arms. “I’m here,” he assured her. “Did you save some of the water the guard brought with your meal?”
He waited for her to respond. A minute of silence passed. David felt his patience flee in the face of his concern for her well being. “Answer me, Emma. Your head doesn’t rattle when you shake it, so I don’t know when, or if, you’re nodding.”
“Yes!” she snapped, obviously stung by his criticism. “I saved some of the water. That’s what you told me to do, so I did it.”
“Good girl,” David said. “Have a sip and then move around your cell. Exercise is the key to your survival and your sanity. I wasn’t kidding about that when we talked earlier. Your brain will go mushy on you if you let your body get weak.”
“I’m not some brainless twit who doesn’t have the sense to come in out of the rain. Furthermore, I’m not a girl,” she flared, her footsteps punctuating each word as she briskly paced back and forth in her cell. “I’m twenty-six years of age. I own my own home, I vote, I can legally drink myself into a stupor if the spirit moves me, and I’m old enough to use good judgment where men, sex, and condoms are concerned. Any more questions, Major Winslow?”
He smiled, feeling absurdly proud of her outburst. He knew now that she wasn’t caving in over a bad dream. “No questions at the moment, babe, but don’t stop moving around that cell. I want to hear your footsteps.”
“You’re starting to remind me of a nun I used to know,” she complained as she kept pacing.
“Talk while you walk, Emma. Tell me what you’re feeling right now.”
She ignored him. “We called her Sister Mary Drill Instructor. She was not my favorite person.”
He chuckled. “How are you feeling?”
“Furious. Absolutely furious.”
“Of course, you are,” he agreed. “That’s normal. Use your anger, Emma. Make it work for you, babe. I know you can do it.”
She made a noise that sounded like an unladylike snort. “If you don’t stop calling me babe, I may deck you just for the hell of it.”
He laughed again. “Be my guest, babe.”
“Don’t you dare make fun of me.”
He smothered the laughter that rumbled through his chest and shook his broad shoulders. “Stay mad, Emma. I don’t mind being used for target practice.”
His humor slowly waned, and he didn’t prod her when she fell silent. Instead, he leaned against the bars of his cell and pondered Emma Hamilton’s feisty nature. Desire throbbed steadily in his loins, and he allowed himself to speculate on the passion she would bring to a lover.
“David?” she said a few minutes later.
Roughly shoving his hands through hair that had grown far longer than was acceptable to any self-respecting, spit-and-polish Marine Corps officer, he roused himself from his insane fantasies. “You can’t believe that this has happened to you, can you?”
Startled, she asked, “How do you always know what I’m thinking?”
“I will never forget my first few days in here,” David responded bitterly. “Never.”
He recalled the pain of countless beatings, as well as his constant fear that he wouldn’t survive the torture or the mind-numbing isolation of imprisonment. Exhaling quietly, he cleared away the vivid memories by the sheer force of his will.
“Emma, what in hell are you doing in this war-ravaged country?”
“I told you. I’m a caseworker for Child Feed. We supply food, clothing, and medical care to children displaced by war or natural disasters. Following the cease-fire in the capital, a team of doctors and nurses arrived to set up refugee camps. Since we’re a multinational aid group, we frequently work under the auspices of the United Nations.”
Pleased that he’d found a way to distract her, David indulged his own curiosity about her work. “How did you happen to become involved with the organization?”
“My dad’s a pediatrician. He helped to found Child Feed almost twenty years ago after a trip to India. My mother does an annual fundraiser for Child Feed. She owns an art gallery in San Diego, so she comes into contact with a lot of wealthy types with fairly strong humanitarian instincts. Sam used to work with us, but he’s with the State Department now. My younger sister’s a nurse, and she periodically donates her time, too.”
“Sounds like you’re all very dedicated,” he mused thoughtfully.
“We are, but only because we want to be. Dad never put any pressure on us. I didn’t get involved until I finished college, and even then I didn’t intend to make it a permanent arrangement. It just worked out that way.”
“Why?” David asked.
She responded with candor. “I saw the condition of the children in some of the Africa camps during a tour with my dad about five years ago. When a little girl … probably no more than five … died in my arms from malnutrition during that trip, I knew I couldn’t walk away, so I decided to pitch in and help. It felt like the right decision when I made it, and my feelings haven’t changed.”
“Even now?”
He heard the sigh that escaped her as she considered his question. He sensed what her response would be, but he wanted the satisfaction of hearing her say the words that would confirm his initial estimation of her character.
“Even now,” she answered.
“I like you, Emma Hamilton. You’ve got grit.”
“I don’t know about grit, but I like you, too.”
“I don’t understand why the authorities picked you up. It’s obvious you’re no threat to the government.”
“I was checking the status of one of our camps when my driver told me he had a personal emergency. He promised to return in plenty of time to take me to the airport for my flight home. I was so busy at the last camp I was visiting, I didn’t think anything about his absence until I discovered that he’d stolen all of my travel documents, including my passport and my cell phone, and nearly all of my money.”
“And then?” he prompted.
“I decided to return to the capital city when I finished my report. I have a good friend who works for the Canadian embassy. I knew Mary would be willing to help me secure new travel papers and loan me the money for an airline ticket to Paris. Since Sam works there, I knew he could facilitate a temporary U.S. passport at our embassy. I was only a few blocks from Mary’s house when I was stopped and detained by the secret police.” She sighed. “Now, we’re neighbors.”
“They’ll realize their mistake.” His automatic reassurance sounded logical, but as soon as the words left his mouth, he hoped he wasn’t guilty of giving her false hope.
“I don’t know if I share your optimism, David. No one would listen to me, and no one seemed inclined or willing to verify my claims.”
He didn’t feel capable of further encouragement so he refrained from voicing emotions he knew he couldn’t fake.
“Tell me about your family,” Emma urged. “I’m tired of talking about myself.”
“You must be tired, period,” he observed.
“I’m not the only one who needs to share.”
“Playing shrink, Emma?”
“Just trying to be a friend,” she chided, but the gentleness of her voice softened the impact.
“Thanks.” A sudden onslaught of emotional hunger roughened his voice. “I guess I do need one just about now.”
“Tell me about life in Montana,” she encouraged.
“I grew up on a ranch.”
“Now, why doesn’t that surprise me?”
He smiled as his pride in his heritage surfaced. “I don’t get home that often anymore, but I’ll end up there one of these years.”
“After the Marine Corps?”
“Probably. I’m a partner in the ranch, but my first priority is aviation,” he told her, warming to the subject. “It always has been, and I suspect it will be for a long time to come.”
“I take it your family’s still in Montana.”
“My dad passed away during my first year in the Corps. Mom stayed on at the ranch until my younger sister married. Her husband runs the place now.”
“I’m surprised your mother was willing to leave her home.”
“She’s a teacher, so it’s more convenient for her to live in town, especially when winter sets in. She also wanted to make sure that Jenny and Zach had the privacy they needed for a good start to their marriage. They’ve got three kids now, and Mom spends a lot of her weekends with them, but in a separate guest house on the property.”
“She must be a terrific person.”
He nodded, glimpsing members of his family through Emma’s eyes. “I’ve always thought so. Mom was my strongest ally when I was trying to get Dad to understand that I wanted a career in military aviation. She has a gift for helping people nurture their own dreams. I was too damned determined at the time to really understand Dad’s disappointment that I had every intention of delaying ranch life in favor of aviation. Mom invariably wound up playing referee. I finally realized that her efforts made it possible for me to reconcile with my father before his death. I owe her a major debt when it comes down to safeguarding important family relationships.”
“And what you do in the Marine Corps means everything to you, doesn’t it?”
“I honestly can’t imagine doing anything else, at least not at this point in my life.”
“I understand what you're saying, David. I feel the same way about my work with Child Feed.” She hesitated a moment before admitting. “I've been accused of not making time for a real life by some of my friends. One person in particular told me I was obsessed. I don’t know. Perhaps he was right.”
“Are you happy with your choices, Emma?”
“Very happy.”
“Then forget what anyone else thinks. You won’t ever go wrong if you always trust your instincts.”
“Good advice.”
He laughed at the surprise he heard in her voice. “Why do you sound so shocked?”
“My dad said the same thing to me not too long ago.”
“Well, there you have it. Two intelligent males imparting sage wisdom. Can’t do any better than that, can you?”
“I suspect I could have.” Self-recrimination underscored her remark.
“How’s that?” he asked.
“David, think about it. I trusted my instincts and wound up in here.”
“You took a calculated risk. Unfortunately, you had no way of knowing all of the potential ramifications of the actions of other people, so don’t beat yourself up over it,” he said, his tone sharp. “Think of this situation as a classic example of an accident of fate. Pure and simple. Trust me. I've had plenty of time to come to that conclusion. As my buddy Dev MacKenzie always says, ‘No one ever promised you a rose garden.’”
“That’s a quaint perspective.”
“No, babe, that’s life, and this is the thorny part.”
David closed his eyes against the darkness, his mood suddenly melancholy. He regretted that he’d allowed himself to inject such a cynical note into his conversation with Emma. He wanted to help her adjust, but he also longed for a respite from the steady, aching need that made him hungry for human contact and a thousand other things he knew he couldn’t have.
“I wish we could be face-to-face when we talk to each other,” she whispered after several long moments of silence. “I’d feel better if I could see you.”
“We can always try digging through the wall and meeting in the middle. It’d be a fascinating way to pass the time.”
She ignored his stinging sarcasm. “Why don’t we?”
“Forget it, Emma. I’ve tried and failed. This building may be old, but it’s sturdy. It’ll take a bomb blast to open up these walls.”
David stiffened, his eyes widening. A means of physical contact did exist. He just hadn’t thought of it until now. Not surprising, he realized, because until Emma, he’d been the sole occupant of the entire cellblock.
He moved to a corner at the front of his cell. “We may not be able to see each other, Emma, but we’re going to hold hands,” he vowed as he slid his arm through the bars, angled his body into a position that offered little physical comfort, and then slid his hand along the wall that separated him from Emma. He intended to touch her and find out for himself if her skin was as soft as he’d imagined.
“What did you just say?”
“You heard me.”
“I don’t do magic tricks, David.”
“We don’t need magic. I’m just sorry I didn’t think of this sooner, but we can make it happen if you're willing to meet me halfway.”
“You aren’t making any sense. We aren’t capable of walking through walls.”
“Of course, I’m making sense,” he disagreed. “Where are you standing right now?”
“At the front of my cell.”
“Are you facing out?”
“Yes.”
“Step to your right until you reach the wall.”
“I’ve decided to humor you, David.”
“Trust me.”
Silence. Total silence.
Then, she said, “I do trust you.”
He listened for the sound of her footsteps. When she paused, he said, “Lift your hand until it’s level with your shoulder. Once you’ve done that, find the gap between the bars closest to the wall, and work your arm through it. Then, extend your arm so that it’s parallel to the wall.”
“I’m working my arm through now.”
“Be careful,” he cautioned. “Sections of the wall are really jagged. You can’t afford to cut yourself. A minor infection in this place could wind up killing you.”
“Nice thought,” she muttered. “I’m in position. Now, what?”
He reached for her, his fingertips skimming over grime-covered masonry. He frowned for a moment, then asked, “How tall are you, Emma?”
“Exactly five feet, nine inches. And you’re well over six feet, right?”
“Right. Now hold still. We’re about to find out the true width of this damn wall.” He lowered his outstretched hand several inches. An odd noise caught his attention, and he froze. “Did you hear something, Emma?”
“All I can hear is my heartbeat. It’s absolutely deafening.”
He smiled at the conspiratorial quality of her whispered reply. “That’s not surprising. I can hear mine, too.”
“What happens next?”
He answered her question by stroking his callused fingertips across her knuckles. “This happens next,” he said quietly.
“David?” His name gushed out of her on a breath of disbelief.
“Yeah, babe, it’s me.”
She laughed. He did, too, but the sound stalled abruptly in his throat and turned to a nearly silent moan of longing as he closed his large hand over the warmth and softness of her smaller one.



CHAPTER 3


EMMA DIDN’T try to fight the tears that spilled from her eyes. Sagging against the bars of her cell, she wept silently as she savored the security and reassurance she found in David’s touch.
“Feel better?” he asked several minutes later.
Swallowing her tears, she managed a faint, “Yes.”
He squeezed her hand. “Emma, don’t cry. There’s no need, at least not now.”
“I know.” She drew in a shuddery breath. “I didn’t mean to go all soggy on you, but I’ve been so frightened.”
“With good reason,” he reminded her. “You aren’t alone, babe, so hang on to me for as long as you need.”
“What did I tell you about that ‘babe’ stuff?” she groused.
He chuckled. She wiped at the tears streaming down her cheeks with her free hand, and then held her breath when he began a slow exploration of each one of her fingers. He paused at the tips to run his thumb along the edge of her trimmed nails before he deliberately trailed his fingertips across the back of her hand.
Emma tumbled into the rainbow of sensations that shimmered just below the surface of her skin. His touch stunned and delighted her, and it created an acute yearning for much more of the same.
She sensed then that, as a lover, David would be exquisitely thorough. The thought brought her up short, and she decided that hunger and fear must be making her light-headed and fanciful. “The woman in your life must adore it when you touch her.”
His fingers stilled while she grappled with her own shock and embarrassment. “There isn’t a woman in my life, unless of course you’re counting yourself, Emma.”
It took her a full minute to wrap her mind around that. “I've always thought that the sensitivity of a man shows in his hands, and that his true nature is revealed through his touch.” She laughed then, the sound pitched high enough to betray her frayed nerves. “I’m saying things right now that I’ve never said to anyone before. I must be going a little crazy.”
“Standing in the dark in a prison cell on the wrong side of the world tends to change the rules, doesn’t it?”
She felt seduced anew by his low voice. “Then I guess that I can admit that I like your voice, too. It’s very sensual.” The darkness had made her braver than usual. Perhaps brazen. And probably quite foolhardy in the bargain.
“You’re easy to touch, Emma. Your skin reminds me of satin … smooth and incredibly soft.”
Stunned by the awe she heard in his voice, she trembled beneath his gentle stroking, but she didn’t pull away. She loved the warmth and substance conveyed by his fingertips. Convinced now that he possessed a deeply sensual nature, she allowed herself to bask in the fantasies he provoked.
“Do you play the piano?” he eventually asked.
She felt as though he’d asked her if she would consider making love with him. He had that kind of a voice, she realized. Seductive to the point of making her witless, and so damn erotic that he also made her acutely aware of her very limited experience with men.
“Emma?”
“Did your cell come equipped with a crystal ball?”
Instead of answering her right away, David slowly trailed a fingertip along the inside curve of her thumb. He lingered at the plump base, his touch light but also provocative. Emma shivered in response.
“You’ve got the finger length and spread of a pianist. My mother and sister both play,” he continued. “They insist that the hands go a long way in determining success or failure at the piano, especially for a woman.”
“I’m not very good at it.”
“I suspect that you're very good at everything you do.”
Shaken by his suggestive tone, she felt her heart lurch in her chest. Her only lover, a man long relegated to her past, had rarely praised her. If anything, he’d found fault with everything she did or dreamed of doing, especially when it concerned Child Feed.
“Hardly, but I try,” she finally murmured.
David slid his fingertips to her wrist. Emma held her breath and waited for his shock when he discovered her madly hammering pulse.
“Since I’ve been here, I’ve wondered over and over again if I’d ever touch a woman again.” He loosely circled her wrist with his fingers. “You’re so delicate and finely-boned, the least amount of pressure could damage you beyond repair.”
She laughed softly, thinking of the heavy luggage she routinely hauled around the world.
“What’s so funny?”
“I’m a lot tougher than you can imagine.”
“Are you trying to tell me that you eat nails for breakfast and then lift five-hundred pound weights just for the hell of it?”
“Not exactly, but I’m certainly no cream puff.” She purposely shifted the conversation back to David. How else would she be able to satisfy her growing curiosity about him and retrieve herself from the sensual pool in which she was currently drowning? “You aren’t a small man, are you?”
He chuckled. “Hardly, I was a linebacker in college. My coach claimed I had what it took to turn pro, but it wasn’t what I wanted.”
“I’m a Charger fan.”
“Amazing! A woman who actually likes football.”
She grinned. “Sam calls me a salmon. He thinks it’s unnatural for a woman to appreciate contact sports.”
“I think Sam’s a tad cynical where you’re concerned.”
Emma laughed aloud. “Sam’s plagued with an incredible intellect, but he has to work at not being a sexist twit. He’s not really that bad, just annoyingly overprotective.”
“Maybe he loves you and doesn’t want to see you hurt.”
Something about his gentle tone of voice told Emma that David’s thoughts had returned to his family in Montana. “You’re thinking about your sister, aren’t you?”
“Bingo!”
Sensitive to the emotion that she heard in that single word, Emma quickly reverted to their original topic. “From what I know about linebackers, they’re broad across the shoulders, narrow at the hip, and they usually stand well over six feet tall, so how do you manage to fit into the cockpit of one of those little jets?”
“Snugly,” he teased. “Since you're obviously lusting after my bod, are there any other vital statistics you’d like to know about?”
“Your ego’s totally out of control, Major Winslow, but I still like your hands.”
“They’re really pretty beat up, especially after all those years of working on the ranch and then playing ball.”
“They might be beat up, but they’re the hands of a man who would never use his physical superiority against a woman,” she said.
“An observation like that makes me think that you’ve seen far too much of the cruelty in our world.”
“I've seen enough to know that the work I do is valuable, and I’ve experienced enough to know what I want and what I won’t tolerate in my personal life.”
His fingertips came to rest on the underside of her wrist. Her pulse accelerated even more. Emma froze, carnal images suddenly flooding her mind. His fingers on her body, his hands smoothing down her back to her hips, molding their bodies close together before he brought his hands forward and finally filled them with the weight of her aching breasts. A coil of desire tightened deep inside her. Her skin tingled. Although she knew the absurdity of her fantasies, she felt a riot of sensations explode into her bloodstream.
“Emma … ”
She registered his surprise in the stark manner in which he said her name, not just in the hesitation of his callused fingertips the instant he encountered her racing pulse. Embarrassed and certain he considered her response to him pretty much over the top, she waited for him to pull away. He shocked her by grasping her wrist even more securely.
“Babe?”
“Yes?” she whispered. She felt his tender strength glide over her skin like currents of sultry tropical air.
“Do I make you nervous?”
Startled more by the seductive tone of his low voice than by his actual question, she insisted, “Not at all. Being in jail, however, isn’t exactly a tranquil experience.”
“Whatever you say.”
Turning her hand, she laced their fingers together. “Please don’t let go of me, David.”
His grip tightened, warmth flowing from his fingers to hers. “I don’t intend to, but I have to admit that your grip shoots my cream-puff theory all to hell.”
She grinned, some of her tension easing. “I think I like the sound of that.”
“I have a confession to make.”
“Be my guest,” she quipped, anxious to divert his attention away from her racing pulse.
“Touching you is incredibly arousing.”
Emma drew in a stunned breath. “But all we’re doing is holding hands.”
“I know. Shocking, isn’t it?”
“You’ve been alone for a long time, David.”
He exhaled so heavily that he sounded as if he was groaning. “It’s more than that.”
“How can you be certain?”
“Not just any woman would suit me,” he insisted. “I’m more discriminating than you seem to think.”
“I wasn’t trying to insult you, but two months of enforced celibacy can’t be easy on a man, especially a man like you.”
“A man like me?” He sounded both startled and offended.
Emma grappled with her own fluctuating emotions and the desire still flirting with her senses. “David, I’m not numb. Nor am I stupid. You’re obviously a very sensual man.”
“I’m not into sexual conquests.”
“Let’s change the subject. This conversation is academic anyway.”
“Is it?” he asked quietly. “You may not want to believe it, but there’s something happening between us, and it’s nothing so mundane as simple biological urges. I’m drawn to you, babe. I’m not sure why or if I even like the feeling, and I don’t understand it anymore than you do.”
She tried to tug free of his fierce hold, but she quickly discovered that he didn’t intend to relinquish her hand. “We need to concentrate on the basics. You know as well as I do that anything else is impossible.”
“I still want you, Emma. I don’t think that’s going to change.”
She trembled. “Maybe holding hands isn’t such a good idea after all.” She tried again to ease her hand from his grasp, but she failed.
“Please, don’t pull away from me. I need … I need you right now. There’s been precious little goodness in my life in recent years, not to mention the last few months.”
She ached to reassure him when she heard the raw emotion of his strained voice, but she still felt haunted by the accusations of inadequacy she’d endured from her first and only lover. She gathered her courage for an admission that she knew she needed to make. “I’ve never been very good at meeting other people’s expectations.”
“I don’t have any real expectations where you’re concerned, only fantasies,” he said tiredly. “Just be yourself, Emma. Nothing more, nothing less. I already like you too much to try to force you into being someone or something you aren’t.”
“Are you sure you can accept me as I am and not as you’d like me to be?” She waited for his reply, struggling for calm and for an understanding of the chemistry flowing between them.
“Very sure.”
Still uncertain despite his assurance, Emma waffled about how to respond, but her honesty triumphed. “David, I know there’s more between us than our physical proximity to each other. It’s just that a lot’s happened to me in a very short time, and I am nowhere near to coming to terms with it all. Not yet, anyway.”
“Believe it or not, I do understand what you’re going through.”
“I know you do. That’s why I trust you to respect my feelings.”
She felt him shift his upper body. His fingertips slid across her palm, prompting fiery sensations to flit over her nerve endings once again. She fell silent, her thoughts drifting through a bewildering maze of uncertainty and desire.
David asked, “Did they take your jewelry?”
A startled Emma jerked back to reality. “What jewelry?”
“Your watch, rings, necklace, earrings, that kind of thing.”
“Just my watch.”
His soft chuckle reached her. “You’re going to make me ask, aren’t you?”
“Ask what, David?”
“Are you engaged? Or worse, married?”
“Oh, no. Neither. Who in the world would put up with my travel schedule?” She hesitated, stumbling over the fact that she hadn’t even considered the possibility that David might be involved in a relationship. “Are you? Married, I mean.”
“I was until a couple of years ago. She hated the lifestyle.”
“Children?”
“None. You?”
“Not yet, but I want them very much.”
“Me, too, but I haven’t found a woman who’s willing to tolerate the constant transiency of military life. It’s not an easy way to live.”
“I don’t imagine it is for some people,” she mused, “although I’ve always believed that a woman, or a man, could tolerate just about anything under the right circumstances and with the right person.” She privately doubted that a life with a sensual, compassionate, and intelligent man like David would be at all difficult. “How old are you?”
“Thirty-five … last week.”
“We’ll have a party when we get out of here,” Emma promised.
More relaxed now, he chuckled softly. She sensed his surprise at her offer. She also appreciated the fact that he didn’t question her motives. Growing inside her, she realized, was a profound need to bring pleasure into the life of David Winslow, but the impulse was too new and far too disconcerting to share.
Other than her family and the children served by Child Feed, Emma rarely invested herself in other people’s lives. She simply didn’t have that kind of free time. A fluke of fate, however, had altered her entire world, shrinking it in some respects, but expanding it in others.
David moved unexpectedly, and Emma felt his secure clasp on her hand loosen. Suddenly panicked, she grabbed for him before they lost contact altogether.
“Sorry. Just trying to get more comfortable.”
She took a breath and willed her heartbeat to slow.
“Emma?”
“I’m alright.”
“You're sure?”
“Yes,” she whispered.
“I didn’t mean to pull away or scare you, but I’ve got a cramp in my shoulder.”
“Then maybe we should … ”
“We’ll have to fairly soon,” he cautioned.
“Just warn me before you let go.”
“You’ve got a deal, babe.”
She relaxed when she heard his teasing tone. “You’re hopeless.”
“So I’ve been told.”
“I guess I’m stuck with that ‘babe’ stuff, aren’t I?”
“It’ll be our secret.”
She warmed to the intimacy of his low voice. “Promise?”
“Absolutely.”
“Then I’ll try not to cringe every time you use that abominable word, although it makes me think of Paul Bunyan’s ox.”
“I suspect you’re prettier.”
“I certainly hope so!”
“I've been wondering what you look like,” he confessed.
She shrugged. “I’m presentable.”
“Define presentable.”
“Well, you already know that I’m five-nine and have dark hair.”
“It’s really long, isn’t it?” His question contained a hint of seductive sensuality.
“Down to my waist. For the sake of convenience, I usually keep it braided.”
“And your eyes?” he prompted.
“Blue,” she answered. “I inherited my Mom’s Irish complexion. Dad’s northern Italian, and I share his penchant for good food. As a result, I’m always dieting.”
“I like a woman with meat on her bones.”
She laughed. “My hips express their deepest appreciation, Major Winslow.”
“You sound perfect.”
“Far from it, although I suspect that every woman wants to be viewed that way by at least one man.”
“You also sound healthy and just as I imagined you’d look. Most women starve themselves and assume that men like having sex with a stick.”
“Not an issue for me. I have too good of an appetite.”
David suddenly tightened his hold on her hand.
“Your shoulder again?” she asked.
“I’m afraid so.”
“The one the guards dislocated?”
“One and the same.”
His voice reminded her of a long stretch of rough gravel road, but she’d also heard the regret in his voice and it soothed her. “Maybe we should both try to get some rest now.”
David squeezed her hand before withdrawing his own. Emma kept her arm extended for a moment, reluctant to be separated from him.
“Are you alright?” she asked.
“I will be. I guess a dislocated shoulder takes awhile to heal.”
“Next time, tell me.”
“I was fine until a few minutes ago.”
She finally drew back, moved out of the cramped corner, and sagged against the wall. She bowed her head and closed her eyes, sadness and a renewed sense of isolation creeping into her heart as she listened to David pace the adjacent cell.
“I’m sorry, Emma.”
Pushing her long hair away from her face, she straightened and returned to the bars at the front of her cell. She wished she could ease his pain, just as much as she wished that she could walk straight into his arms and remain there. Holding hands had reassured her, but it had also aroused more profound needs.
“Don’t apologize, David. It’s really okay. I’m going to get some sleep. You’ve been wonderful and very patient.”
“You make it easy, babe.”
“Sleep well.”
“You, too.”
Emma retrieved her wool cape, wrapped it around herself, and sank down onto her pallet. Using her tote bag as a pillow, she curled into herself and closed her eyes. She conjured up the image of a large-boned, ruggedly attractive man – a man who possessed a ready wit, a deep reservoir of compassion, a disturbingly sensual voice, and the ability to make her feel secure in a prison cellblock on the wrong side of the globe.
With David Winslow strolling across the landscape of her thoughts, Emma soon drifted off to sleep.



CHAPTER 4


AS SHE sat on the pallet in her cell and stroked a brush through her hair, Emma reflected on the stillness of the predawn hour. She had been incarcerated for over a week now, and she’d come to appreciate this particular time of the day because of its peacefulness.
These few hours gave her a reprieve from the constancy of air-raid sirens, exploding bombs, and anti-aircraft fire, the agony-filled cries of prisoners undergoing interrogation and torture, and the intermittent rifle fire that echoed in the courtyard adjacent to the cellblock. Although often terrified, Emma had discovered within herself the courage to hope for freedom and the strength to face each day. She periodically doubted David’s assurances that she alone would determine how she handled imprisonment, because she considered him to be the primary source of her optimism.
Emma heard David stir in the adjoining cell, but she remained silent and concentrated on braiding her hair. She then continued her morning routine by dipping a small section of the hem of her blouse into the inch of water that remained in her battered tin cup.
As she dabbed at her face and neck with the damp fabric, she longed for a luxurious soak in a tub filled with hot water and scented bubbles. The simple pleasures she’d always taken for granted, such as brushing her teeth and wearing clean clothes each day, now constituted a fantasy.
Emma welcomed the familiar sound of David’s footsteps. After shedding her cape, she also paced her small cell. She walked for over an hour, swinging her arms vigorously as she adjusted her steps to his long-legged stride. Her western-style boots and his heavy leather flight boots quickly synchronized, giving the impression that only one person moved briskly back and forth across the hard packed dirt floor.
Invigorated by the exercise, she returned to her pallet. She picked up her tote bag to search for her notepad and pen. Somehow, both items had worked their way down to the bottom. Pawing past a pair of socks and a soiled San Diego State University t-shirt, Emma encountered a narrow, foil-wrapped rectangle.
Puzzled, she fingered the item. Shock immobilized her for a long moment, and then hope sparked within her as she recalled her layover in Zurich and the purchases she’d made at the airport’s duty free gift shop. She hurriedly upended the tote bag, spilling the contents onto her lap. She grinned then, disbelief and pleasure lighting up the vivid blue of her eyes as she stared at the candy bar.
“Chocolate.” She handled the confection with complete reverence. “I found a candy bar!” she exclaimed once she convinced herself that she wasn’t hallucinating. Scrambling to her feet, Emma raced to the corner of her cell. “Did you hear me, David?”
“I’m not deaf.”
Her smile faltered, but she refused to let his terse reply rob her of the joy of her discovery. She knew he expected her to observe their rule of silence during the early morning hours, but Emma couldn’t remain quiet. “It’s still wrapped in foil, and it’s in perfect condition. I can’t believe I missed it. Nor can I believe the guards missed it.”
“I told you those guys were inept. I still have my watch. They overlooked it when they searched me.”
“We’ll share, David.”
“I don’t like chocolate, so just eat the damn thing and shut up.”
Startled, she fell silent. Then, comprehension slammed into her a few seconds later. She knew David well enough now to understand the motivation behind his lie. She probably knew him now almost as well as she knew herself. They had progressed from strangers trapped in life-threatening circumstances to intimates who shared their thoughts, dreams, fears, and desires without a moment of hesitation.
Emma caught her breath as tears filled her eyes. Only David would pretend to hate something he thought she needed more. Only David would put her needs before his own.
She cleared her throat and straightened her spine. “Quit being a hero. It isn’t necessary. There’s plenty here for both of us, so stick out your hand. We’re sharing this little treasure. I won’t have it any other way.”
“You need the energy, babe.”
“And you don’t?” she asked, her tone teasing so that she wouldn’t betray her constant worry over his survival. And then there were all of the emotions he inspired in her. Emotions she kept locked in her heart for fear of becoming an even greater burden to him. Emotions that made her realize she could easily fall in love with him.
“I’ll get by. Give me a break, Emma, and just eat the damn thing.”
“I refuse to take one bite of this chocolate bar if we don’t share it.”
“You’re getting on my nerves, Hamilton.”
“And you’re behaving like a mule, Winslow, so shut up and get over here. If you don’t cooperate, I’ll give it to one of the guards.”
He muttered a harsh expletive, which Emma ignored as she waited to hear the sound of his footsteps. She heard, instead, the desert wind as it whistled in the eaves above the small barred window at the top of the rear wall of her cell. The bleak, lonely sound snapped her patience.
“I’m putting you on notice as of right now. If you don’t meet me at the wall, then I’ll be forced to toss this candy bar in your direction and hope you can reach it through the bars of your cell. You should know, though, that I don’t pitch worth a damn.”
David moved to the corner of his cell, the briskness of his footsteps an obvious indication of his annoyance with her. “Your Italian is showing, babe.”
“So’s my Irish,” she countered. “Most sane men wouldn’t willingly mess with such a volatile combination.” All too aware of the deprivation he’d already endured, she gentled her tone. “Don’t fight me on this, David. You can’t possibly win once I’ve set my mind on something.”
“God save me from temperamental women.”
Emma grinned at the return of his good humor. Dividing the chocolate bar in half, she tucked her piece into the breast pocket of her blouse. She wedged herself into the now familiar corner of her cell, and then slipped her arm through the bars and along the wall. She encountered empty space. “David, get your hand over here.”
“You’re getting bossy in your old age, Hamilton.”
“So sue me.”
“I’d rather…”
“You’d rather what?”
Silence, save for the sound of his harsh breathing.
“David?”
“I’d rather have you than chocolate.” His fingertips brushed across her skin in the next moment.
Emma felt his touch to her core. “I feel the same way.”
David cupped the back of her hand, the sureness of his touch reaching deep into her soul. When she heard a heavy sigh escape him, she felt the sting of tears in her eyes. How she longed for him.
“I've missed touching you,” he said. “Maybe we should revise our hand-holding schedule. An hour each morning added to our afternoon and evening sessions.”
She pressed the back of her hand against his palm, burrowing against him as best she could as she savored his touch. “Only if your shoulder can take it.”
“I can handle anything if it means I can touch you, babe.”
Emma opened her mouth, but her reply died the instant she heard the heavy metal door at the end of the cellblock hallway crash open. She sucked in a sharp breath, nearly losing her grip on David’s half of the candy.
“Get back, Emma. Now!”
The urgency in his voice made her jerk backward. Wincing as she scraped her shoulder against the wall’s rough surface, she dashed into the rear of her cell.
Her heart raced. She knew the guards rarely bothered with prisoners this early in the morning. Counting at least four sets of footsteps, she pressed herself against the wall and held her breath.
Four instead of one.
She shuddered, fear knifing through her.
Four guards instead of one.
Why? she wondered, although she feared that she already knew the answer.
The armed men bypassed her cell and came to a halt in front of David’s. She stood there, shaking as the guards dragged open his cell door. One of the men barked an order at him. Emma strained to hear David’s reply. She heard only silence — yet another measure of his stubbornness.
A scuffle erupted in his cell.
David mustn’t know she was frightened for him, she cautioned herself. When she heard his grunt of pain and the angry words he shouted at the guards, she couldn’t stop the moan that escaped her. She clapped a hand over her mouth, certain that his resistance was partially rooted in his desire to distract them from her presence in the adjacent cell.
“David?” she whispered.
She needed to tell him not to try to protect her, but how? Stymied by her anxiety that she might cause him more harm than good, she kept silent.
Another one of the guards growled a command. David exploded with a string of earthy, rage-filled curses.
Emma surged forward and threw herself against the bars of her cell, heedless of the risk to herself. Clinging to the bars, she struggled to see beyond the uniformed men who blocked her view.
One of the guards turned and pointed his weapon at her. Emma hurriedly backed away. She tripped over the edge of her pallet, lost her footing, and landed in a sprawl on the floor.
She brought herself up to her knees just in time to catch a glimpse of David as he was hauled out of his cell. She registered the dark mahogany of his thick hair, the fury darkening his shadowed hazel eyes, and the fierce expression on his angular, beard-covered face. Defiance made his big body rigid with tension and fury. She screamed his name before she could stop herself.
Beat them at their own game, babe,” he shouted.
When she saw the blood that trailed from his split lip and down his chin, Emma jammed her fist against her lips to keep from calling out to him a second time. One of the guards silenced David with a hard punch to his midsection. He gasped and slumped forward, but the guards kept him from sliding to the floor.
She watched in horror as they dragged him away, flinching when the cellblock door finally slammed shut. Still huddled on the floor, she clutched David’s half of the chocolate bar to her chest. Tears streamed down her cheeks. She lost track of time in the hours that followed, frozen in place by pure terror at what might happen to him.
When she finally found the strength to move, she forced herself to her feet and paced. She tried to comfort herself by reliving every moment of their time together. She replayed their many conversations through her mind, but the haunting sounds of prison life, the cries of prisoners being tortured and the sound of rifle shots, served to terrorize her emotions even more.
By mid-afternoon Emma feared she might never see David again. Bowing her head as she leaned against the cell wall, she summoned what remained of her strength and prayed that the man well on his way to capturing her heart would return to her. She also made a silent vow that she would employ her wits and all that David had taught her in order to assure her own survival. And if he never came back, she knew he would remain in her thoughts and in her heart for the rest of her life.
Wrapped in her cape, Emma finally collapsed across her pallet shortly after dark. She slept poorly for almost five hours, the series of nightmares she experienced punctuation marks on the horrific events of that day.

* * *

“Can you hear me, David?”
Seated cross-legged on his pallet, David retreated from the concern he heard in Emma’s voice. The guards had thrown him back into his cell after beating him black and blue with lengths of pipe for countless hours. And in the four days since, he’d refused to speak, refused to burden Emma with the truth of his most recent encounter with the prison’s interrogators.
“David?”
He focused inward, shutting out the sound of her voice. He pressed the back of his head against rough stone and mortar, kept his hands at his sides, and closed his eyes, but he could no more dismiss the mental images flashing through his mind of the hours during which he’d been tortured than he could control the trembling of his large body.
“Just tell me you’re alright,” Emma pleaded. “I don’t expect conversation, just a hint that you can hear me.”
He tried to ignore the desperation he heard in her voice. He took in a ragged breath, struggling for a calm that he doubted he’d ever feel again. Instead, his rage reawakened and roared through him.
She whispered, “Let me help you. You’ve done so much for me. It’s my turn now.”
“No,” he managed through gritted teeth.
“I can feel you drifting away from me. David, please. I can’t let that happen. You’re a part of me. You always will be.”
He wrapped his arms around his aching ribs before lowering his forehead to his up-drawn knees. Self-pity assaulted him in waves, and he shuddered, not once but several times, and forced himself to nurse back to life the fragile speck of hope that was buried deep in his soul.
“I know it’s hard for you to speak to me right now, but I want you to try. I just wish … ”
Giving into his need for contact with the one person he trusted and cared about, he asked, “Wish … what?”
“I wish I could put my arms around you and hold you.”
“Me … too,” he admitted haltingly, the tenderness of his jaw making speech an effort. But he forced himself to continue — for Emma and for the sake of his own sanity. He sensed that she was the only thing that stood between him and madness. “Talk … to me … babe. Need you … help me … forget.”
Emma didn’t hesitate. “We need each other, David. We’re a team. No one can change that.” Tears filled her eyes, but she hastily brushed them away. “While you were gone, I imagined all kinds of terrible things happening to you. Some of them probably did, but I know you won’t tell me. You still think I’m a total cream puff, don’t you?”
“No! Don’t… think that… at all.”
“Well, even though you’ve tried to protect me from what’s really going on in this place, my ears work and I have too vivid an imagination not to comprehend the reality of our situation. And I know from personal experience that … ” Her voice trailed off as she thought, don’t go there.
She sighed, the sound audible in the uncharacteristic silence of the post midnight hour. “You’ve shared your strength and your courage, David, often at your own expense. You’ve also taught me valuable things about myself. I know you're probably reluctant to trust me or to let yourself lean on me right now, but I won’t fail you. I promise.”
“Know that … already.” Lifting his head, he squinted at his makeshift calendar and wondered if he’d have the strength to make the sixty-eighth mark.
“I was afraid you wouldn’t come back to me,” she admitted. “I can’t imagine being without you.”
He forced himself to respond, despite the pounding in his skull. “Bad pennies … always … turn up.”
“You are not a bad penny. In fact, I think you’re … ”
He frowned when she hesitated. “What?”
“I think you’re very special.”
He savored her gentle voice. “Not special … just dented.”
“David, I’m so sorry.”
A harsh laugh escaped him. “Me … too. Talk about … something else.” Gathering up what remained of his strength, he hugged his middle and slowly straightened. An agony-filled moan escaped him, but he ground his teeth together to quell the sound and resisted the pain lancing through his bruised ribs.
“I was thinking about home today,” Emma said. “I miss my cottage.”
“Nice … place?”
“I think so. It was originally a freestanding four-bay garage at a beachfront estate. The owner’s heirs were from New England. They had no interest in maintaining or using the property, so they put it up for sale. It was in such terrible condition, I was able to acquire the garage and the lot at a reasonable price, which is pretty unusual in California. After making some rough sketches of a cottage, I took my ideas to an architect so that he could do the plans. Then, I hired my uncle, the contractor, to do the actual remodeling.” She hesitated. “Do you really want to hear all this?”
“Yes.”
“Alright then. We started from scratch, and the end result was a two-bedroom cottage in a very contemporary design. It’s spacious, wonderfully private, and it sits at the edge of a low bluff that overlooks the Pacific. I even have a rose garden along one side of the house.”
“Good … views?” he asked, determined to hold up his end of the conversation.
“The most spectacular view of the beach and the ocean in the world,” she said enthusiastically. “It’s the first thing I see each morning and the last thing I see each night before I go to bed. I really miss it when I’m away. I love starting my day with a walk on the beach just as the sun comes up. It’s serene, despite the fact that we get a lot of tourists. It’s as though there’s an unspoken understanding that we all respect one another’s need for privacy.”
David felt a sudden ache in his loins as he pondered sharing nights with Emma and then waking up beside her each morning in her cottage. He suspected that her cherished Pacific view would pale in comparison to her naked sensuality.
“Braggart … Montana same … for me.”
“You’re darn right I’m a braggart. I can’t wait for you to see it, David. It’s really a slice of heaven.” She paused for a moment before admitting, “I think about it whenever I’m frightened, especially if I wake up in the middle of the night and I can’t get back to sleep. You’ll understand why when you visit me.”
His heart lurched. “I’m … invited?”
“Where else would we celebrate your birthday?”
“I feel … old enough … right now… to celebrate … hundredth birthday.”
“You’re just a little … dented,” she reminded him, using his word. “You’ll feel better once you’ve had some rest, which you should probably try to get now.”
“Hope so.”
“Is anything broken?”
“Don’t … think so … just bruised … all over.”
“Rubber hoses or lengths of pipe? Or both?” she asked, her voice losing its buoyancy.
“Mostly … pipe,” he admitted. “How …” His voice trailed off, and he waited. Her answering silence unnerved him. “Emma?”
“I had my turn with the hoses before they brought me to this cell,” she said quietly, “but the bruises are almost faded now.”
Stunned, he said, “You … didn’t … tell…”
“David, I don’t want to talk about me. Please.”
“Emma.” He groaned her name, shattered that she’d hidden the truth from him.
“I mean it, David. I’m going to be fine, and so are you. I know you’ll get better. You’re the strongest, most resilient man I’ve ever known,” Emma insisted before a choked sound cut off her words.
“Cream … puff.” In the silence that followed, he heard the broken sounds coming from her cell. He recognized them for what they were. “Please … don’t … cry.”
“I’m not.”
“Yes … you are.”
“David,” she began.
“No more … withholding … truth. Promise?”
She laughed, a faintly soggy sound thanks to her tears. “You must be feeling better. You almost sound like your old self. And for the record, Major Winslow, I do talk to you when I’m about to lose it. I’d go insane if I didn’t.”
“Not … alone, Emma. Not … worth much … right now … but … here … for you.”
“You’re worth everything, and then some. Now, get some rest.”
“Need … your voice … can’t sleep … yet.”
“You’re sure?”
“Talk … please,” he insisted.
“Would you like to hold hands for a while?”
He wanted nothing more than to touch her again, to stroke her satiny-smooth skin and caress her long, slender fingers. But he knew it was impossible, and he cursed his body’s weakness. “Can’t … babe … sorry.”
“Tomorrow?”
“Yes.” He prayed he’d have the strength to move then.
“Do you ever have nightmares?” she asked in a low voice.
He weighed his answer. While he hated to admit that he couldn’t control his sub-conscious, he no longer felt compelled to preserve his macho Marine Corps image. He knew, too, that Emma never judged. She simply listened, so revealing the truth to her would be the most natural thing in the world for him to do.
“Sometimes,” he conceded.
“Not fun, are they?”
“No … questions. Talk … Hamilton.”
“Yes, sir!”
He smiled into the darkness of his cell in spite of the lancing pain in his jaw. “I’ll … teach you … to salute.”
“Every woman’s secret fantasy, and you’re going to make mine come true. Be still, my heart.”
He laughed, and then he groaned when his body protested the rapid rise and fall of his chest. “Don’t make … me laugh … talk, please.”
“I’m a great cook,” she immediately confided.
“More … comic relief … or truth?”
“I’m serious. My girlfriends think I’m crazy to even admit it, but I love being in the kitchen. I cook to relax. Then I get to diet. It’s a vicious cycle.”
“Maybe you … should’ve … become … chef.”
“Dangerous idea, since I’d be tempting fate and ruining my waistline at the same time. Thank you very much, but no.”
David slowly shifted his legs forward and massaged the tops of his thighs. He listened to the sound of Emma’s voice, which dulled the pain throbbing in his body and soothed some of his rage. She spoke for nearly two hours, rambling from subject to subject when not regaling him with tales of her childhood and anecdotes that involved her siblings.
She also confessed the details of her youthful endeavors as a competitive gymnast. She amazed him when she admitted that she’d terminated her nearly ten year commitment to gymnastics at the age of fifteen when she’d announced to her coach that she wanted a normal life. Instead of trying to change her mind, her parents had supported her decision one hundred percent. David concluded that Doctor and Mrs. Hamilton had to be as unique as their daughter.
He listened closely to her every word, finding strength in her generous spirit. As he kneaded the muscles in his legs, arms, and shoulders, David silently vowed that his future – if he was even destined to have one – would include Emma Hamilton. He couldn’t imagine finding happiness without her.
He nearly succumbed to light-headedness as he struggled to his feet. Trembling and breathing raggedly, he pressed his cheek to the cold wall, closed his eyes, and submerged himself in the sound of Emma’s voice.
Driven by his desire to feel the comfort of her soothing touch, he brought himself under control. He moved awkwardly and slowly, each step an exercise in agony as the muscles of his body tremored in constant protest, but he finally managed to position himself in the corner of his cell.
He caught his breath and then carefully maneuvered his arm through the narrow space between the bars and cell wall. Sweat beaded across his upper lip and soaked the back of his flight suit. He shuddered, but he refused to give in to his damaged body.
Emma soon fell silent, her fatigue evident in the heavy sigh that escaped her.
“At … wall … babe.”
She scrambled up from her pallet and made her way to the corner of her cell. “Are you strong enough to be on your feet?”
“Shaky … but … standing,” he assured her before he heard her choked sob. “Please … don’t … cry.”
“Sorry.” She cleared her throat and straightened her spine. “I saved your half of the chocolate bar. Shall I pass it to you? It might give you the energy you need.”
Closing his eyes against the tears unexpectedly filling them, he tried to speak but found he couldn’t. Getting emotional over a candy bar was hardly his style, and he felt like a complete idiot.
“Tell me what you want,” Emma urged in a soft voice a few moments later.
“Want … you. Need … you.”
She immediately extended her hand. David felt the brush of her fingertips. He clasped her wrist before encompassing her slender hand with his own. His exhalation of relief echoed in the cellblock.
Neither spoke as unspoken emotions flowed between them. They remained physically and emotionally linked as the dawn emerged and the sun burst onto the horizon of the early-morning Middle Eastern sky.



CHAPTER 5


“I’D GIVE anything to take a shower and wash my hair,” Emma announced in a fit of frustration several days later.
“Fantasy time, babe.”
David’s reply grated on her already frayed nerves. She stomped back and forth in her cell. When she heard him chuckle, she nearly gave into the urge to familiarize him with a full-blown Irish Italian temper tantrum.
“I can’t stand being so filthy. It’s making me crazy.”
“Use your imagination,” he suggested. “Pretend you’re relaxing in an enormous hot tub filled with warm, bubbling water. It’s the closest you’re going to get to clean until we blow this pop stand.” David laughed. “It’ll also give me something to imagine.”
“Not good enough,” she protested.
“You don’t have any other options,” he reminded her. “Deprivation’s the rule of thumb around here, but I’m not telling you anything you don’t already know, am I?”
The compassion in his voice took some of the edge off her frustration. Emma stopped her restless pacing and returned to her pallet. She took deep, cleansing breaths and made an effort to calm down.
“David, I’m sorry. I don’t mean to be such an infant, but I don’t know how much more of this I can stand. It’s been three weeks, and no one’s tried to rescue us. The Red Cross hasn’t even shown up to conduct an inspection. Surely my parents or Child Feed realize by now that I’ve gone missing. Why isn’t someone doing something?”
“We can only hope.”
“I know,” she whispered bleakly. “I know you’re right.”
“How about a book or a movie?” he asked a short while later. “Might help pass the time.”
She slumped forward and rested her head in her hands. Although she knew he wouldn’t force the issue, she called upon what remained of her dwindling good humor and forced herself to cooperate. She owed him that much at the very least.
Emma lifted her head and asked, “What’s your pleasure, Major?”
“A sexy flick,” he promptly replied.
She laughed, the first positive sound to emerge from her in several hours. “You’re absolutely hopeless. How about something more cerebral or a thriller with a knockout heroine?”
“Since it’s your turn, you make the decision.”
She weighed her options. “Okay then, let’s test your memory bank. Do you remember Part Two of The Devastator series?”
“Who could forget? Milos Bekenberger as a muscle-bound cyborg, and Cara Stone as the pumped-up mother of a boy destined to save the planet. Everybody had great pecs in that movie, especially the kid’s mother. She was dy-no-mite.”
Emma groaned. “Talk about a one-track mind.”
“You may be right.” His tone contained just enough leer to make her laugh.
Feeling more relaxed, Emma began to recount the movie. What she couldn’t remember, she made up for with excruciating details about the parts she did.
David periodically chimed in with both suggestive remarks and insightful comments about the film. Emma reclaimed her sense of humor as they talked, and David unknowingly soothed her restless emotions with the warmth and resonance of the low, gravel-rough voice she’d grown to love.
They lingered at the end, critiquing the pacing of the movie and the performances of the actors. And they agreed, as was often the case, that filmgoers and readers preferred the validation of their belief that good would ultimately triumph over evil. Given their current situation, it was a philosophy they both needed to hold on to.
Emma took a sip of water from her tin cup to wet her mouth before she got to her feet and prowled the confines of her cell once more. She eventually came to a stop in the corner, hungry for physical contact with David but reluctant to impose her needs on him. Although he insisted that he’d completely recovered from his most recent interrogation, she didn’t believe him. She knew he still tired easily.
“Babe?”
She gripped the iron bars of her cell. “Yes?”
“You okay?”
“I’ll live.”
He exhaled, the sound harsh in the quiet of the cellblock. “That’s not what I asked.”
“Self-pity’s a wretched idea, so don’t get me started down that road again,” she cautioned.
“Do you need me?”
A shiver of expectation rippled through Emma. She knew he was asking if she wanted to hold hands. Had he already guessed that she longed to share far more with him? Did he realize that she yearned to walk straight into his arms and make love with him?
“Is your shoulder bothering you?”
“Not to worry. It’s almost a hundred percent.”
“I do worry,” she admitted as she positioned herself between the cell wall and the bars. She extended her arm, feeling the clasp of David’s large hand as it closed over hers a moment later. She sighed, grateful for his touch.
Her eyes fell closed. Slowly, surely, and with the silence borne of total concentration, he soothed and aroused her with the sensuality of his touch. Nudging her hand to the left, he slid his fingertips to the back of her hand, around the plump ridge of flesh at the base of her thumb, and then into the center of her palm.
Emma held her breath while he traced expanding circles of sensation into her sensitive skin, sensations that sent her pulse racing and her blood pounding through her veins. She closed her hand, capturing his fingers. She gathered them together so that the tips rested in the center of her cupped palm, slowly stroking the length of his fingers with the smooth edges of her nails. She stroked up and down … up and down … up and down … until she heard him groan. The primal sound stirred her to the depths of her soul, her body melting with need.
She felt his hand tremble, but he didn’t pull away. A shudder of arousal swept over her like a brushfire. She heard his ragged exhalation, felt the tremors that shook his body. A sensual lethargy began to envelop her.
Tingling warmth drifted across her palm, up her arm, and into her body. Biting her lip to smother a cry of need, Emma felt her breasts swell and her nipples tighten.
Heat swirled inside her. Flames ignited deep within, scorching her nerve endings and shattering what remained of her composure. Tears filled her eyes. She teetered between seductive torment and the emotional anguish of trying to deny her desire for David.
Emma ached with hunger. Tears spilled from her eyes and trailed down her cheeks. “David … ” she breathed, her voice riddled with desire and frustration and a hundred other unvoiced emotions.
David fought his own battle for control. His breathing grew even more ragged. He laced their fingers together, but he said nothing. He couldn’t.
Emma swallowed her tears. “Forgive me.”
“Nothing … to forgive,” he finally managed through gritted teeth. “You’re the most volatile thing I’ve ever touched, Emma Hamilton.”
“Should I apologize?”
He laughed, but the sound ended on a low groan. He needed her so badly, his body screamed for release. “I wouldn’t want you any other way.”
They remained connected for several silent minutes. The call to prayers sounded over the loudspeaker in the adjacent courtyard, but neither Emma nor David moved.
“Were you telling me the truth before?” she asked softly.
“About what?”
“Your shoulder really is better?”
“Yeah, and the bruises are starting to fade. I’m not quite as multi-hued as I was a few days ago.”
“And you aren’t having any trouble walking or breathing?” she pressed, still concerned that he might try to protect her from the truth.
“No, Doctor Hamilton,” he teased. “No trouble at all on either score.”
“David, this is important. Those men could have caused you severe internal damage of some kind.”
“My ego and my pride took the brunt of the beating.”
“I know,” she murmured. “I just worry about you, and since I can’t see for myself that you’re alright, I wind up asking you a lot of boring questions that drive you nuts.”
David hesitated for a moment. “My turn to ask a question.”
“Go ahead.”
“What would you say if I told you that I want to make love to you?”
“You do … every single time you touch me,” she said.
“It does feel that way most of the time, doesn’t it?”
“Yes.”
“I want more, Emma. So much more.”
“Me, too.”
“You’re all I think about.”
She teased, “When you’re not dreaming of rare steaks, hot showers, and a firm mattress?”
His voice, part gravel and part groan, seemed to grow more intense. “You really think about me that way?”
“Constantly.”
He admitted, “I didn’t realize … ”
“How could you not?”
“You seem reluctant to talk about it.”
She sighed, the sound as soft as an intimate caress. “Only because I’m afraid we won’t ever have a chance to … to make love.”
“Why?”
She stared at the iron bars of her cell. “That’s kind of obvious, isn’t it?”
“That’s not what I meant. Why do you want to make love with me?”
“Because I care about you, and I want you.” Because I’m falling in love with you, she wanted to say, but she managed to bite back the words. He’d think she was insane.
“Have you ever been in love?” he asked in a hushed voice.
“Once, or so I thought. Now, I know it was nothing more than an infatuation.”
“When did it end?”
“A few years ago. He wasn’t willing to understand that I needed more than our time together to feel complete as a person.”
“Sounds selfish.”
She nodded. “Yes, he was.”
“Was he the same guy who accused you of not having time for a real life?”
“Good memory,” she remarked. “He made that comment while he was packing his things and moving out of our apartment. At the time I was devastated, especially since I’d already given up so much of my work with Child Feed in order to spend more time with him. He didn’t think I’d cut back far enough. I guess he assumed that I should have been satisfied to devote my entire existence to him. When I refused, he walked out.”
“The cretin did you a favor,” David muttered.
Emma smiled; he was right. “I realize that now, but I certainly didn’t when it all happened. I spent way too much time licking my wounds and feeling inadequate as a woman. The experience also made me pretty gun-shy with other men. I’ve avoided getting entangled with anyone else since then.”
He slipped his fingers free and trailed the tips across the back of her hand before bringing them to rest against the delicate inner curve of her wrist. “What do I make you feel?” he asked after absorbing the jump of her pulse.
She felt seduced anew by the rough sensuality of his voice. “Everything. I don’t even know where to start.”
He remained silent for a moment. “What did you mean when you said I was a part of you?”
Surprised by his question, Emma considered her reply. In the end, she concluded that their situation was too uncertain for her not to be candid with him.
“When the guards took you away,” Emma began, “I was terrified I’d never see you again. That’s when I realized how connected I felt to you. You’re in my heart,” she whispered as his hand closed over her narrow wrist. “You, David Winslow, are now a permanent part of me.”
“Maybe you're just suffering from some bizarre version of Stockholm syndrome. Has it occurred to you that you might not want any reminders, and that includes me, of this place once we make it home?”
“That’s absurd,” she protested. “You’re not my jailer. You are my ally and my most trusted confidant. Jailers don’t hold hands with their prisoners, console them after nightmares, make them feel safe in an impossibly dangerous environment, try to protect them, or share their survival skills.”
He laughed, but the sound contained no humor. “You don’t have too many other options for friendship at the moment.”
She searched for and found the right words to express a truth that she’d already confronted. “This is more than friendship. You fill me with hope, and you strengthen my determination to survive this place and these people so that we’ll be free to explore what I think we both have begun to feel for each other.”
The silence that followed nearly deafened her, but she waited – waited for him to speak, waited for him to wrestle with his surprise at her honesty.
“I want that, too.”
The sudden squeal of the cellblock’s door made her jerk with surprise. “Oh, God! Please, not again.”
David gripped her wrist as footsteps sounded at the far end of the hallway. “Listen!” he ordered, his voice like a sharp blade.
“To what?” she gasped.
“Two sets of footsteps.”
She concentrated on the sound, and what he was trying to tell her finally penetrated the fear spiking inside of her.
“Whatever’s going on, the guards are moving more slowly than usual, aren’t they, Emma?”
“Yes.”
“Step back from the bars and into the shadows. If we’re really lucky, this might be the food they neglected to bring us yesterday. If it’s not, don’t panic and don’t let them know you’re frightened.”
Emma gave David’s hand a quick squeeze of acknowledgement before she released it. Slipping out of her corner, she worked her way down the cell wall and stepped into the shadows at the rear of the shoe-box shaped enclosure. Her heart thudded wildly against her ribs, her hands fisted at her sides, and her empty stomach growled at the prospect of a crust of unleavened bread or a bowl of watery broth.
Two young men clad in ill-fitting uniforms paused before Emma’s cell. They peered into the cell, their curiosity about her evident. Although they carried weapons, neither one seemed inclined to wave them at her in a threatening manner, which was the custom of the other guards.
If anything, they appeared awkward and uncertain. New recruits, she decided. One stepped forward and fumbled with the rusty lock of her cell door. He slid open the door, seized her, and propelled her forward into the hallway.
“Emma?” David said. “You okay?”
“So far,” she answered, her eyes darting between the two uniformed youths. “I don’t understand what’s happening. Where are they taking me?”
“Stay calm,” he urged. “Don’t antagonize them.”
She looked back, spotting David’s powerful, white knuckled hands as he gripped the bars of his cell. “They’re not as mean or experienced as the other guards,” she managed to say before one of the guards clapped a dirty hand over her mouth.
“You’ll be alright, babe.”
Emma jerked free, crying, “David, don’t forget me!”
“Never, Emma. Never!”
They hustled her out of the cellblock and down an endless succession of hallways. Five minutes later, the youthful guards shoved her through an open doorway.
She stumbled and fell forward, landing on her hands and knees just as the door to the room slammed shut behind her. She heard the lock being secured in the same instant that she noticed the two women who towered over her. Clad in the native garb of concealing burqas and abayas, both women held deadly looking handguns and glared down at her.
Scuttling backward, Emma scanned the room and searched for an avenue of escape. But all she saw were sealed windows at the top of tiled walls and an ancient water spigot mounted high on the far wall.
She retreated as the two women advanced on her. Even when the wall she backed into forced her to stop, the women kept advancing. She cringed when one of them reached out and jerked on the sleeve of her blouse. The second woman stepped aside to turn on the nearby showerhead. Her companion waved the unfriendly end of her weapon in Emma’s face just before she hauled her to her feet, spat an order at her in some Arabic dialect, and then shoved her under the cold water.
Emma decided against removing her clothes. Modesty, she knew, was stressed in the Middle East, especially among Muslim women. She spotted a wedge of soap in a basket on the floor and reached for it.
She clumsily scrubbed at her clothes and her hair. One of the women yelled at her and made emphatic motions with her weapon; the other one clawed yet again at her soggy clothing. She complied with their obvious expectations.
Shedding her clothes, she kept her gaze averted and hurriedly washed her body. Her face burned with outrage as she prayed that she would soon be returned to her cell and David.
Emma remained silent as the shower was turned off. Shivering, she gathered up the pile of sodden garments at her feet, but it was snatched out of her hands.
After being prodded forward with a gun pressed into her lower spine, she followed one of the women to a cabinet on the far side of the room. Once there, she received a voluminous black cloak and a veil-like garment known as a burqa. Although still dripping wet, Emma dressed quickly. She scooped up her clothes before being marched out of the shower room, down a short hallway, and outside to a deserted courtyard.
She hesitated as the two women made themselves comfortable across from one another on wooden benches. They looked on, expressionless and their weapons still pointed at her, as she draped her wet clothing across an unused bench. Emma scanned the area to be sure there were no men in the vicinity before she slipped the burqa off her head and finger-combed her long hair. The light breeze and pleasant midday sun should have felt therapeutic, but they did nothing to ease her fear.
Her thoughts repeatedly strayed to David. While she longed for an end to her imprisonment, she knew she would find little satisfaction in freedom if he remained a captive. Surely their captors realized that, if they released her, she wouldn’t remain silent about him. If anything, she would shout his status and location to the world until they were reunited.
At least an hour passed before the two women jumped into action once again. She watched in horror as one of the women fashioned a leash with a length of rope. Lifting her chin in a gesture of defiance, she refused to cower as the leash was looped around her neck and she was jerked forward. Then, she was quick-marched through a large kitchen. When an old man surreptitiously shoved two oranges into the folds of the still wet clothing she carried, she nodded her gratitude. She thought, maybe they aren’t going to hang me right away.
She was shoved into a storeroom, a deadbolt grinding into position after the door slammed shut, and left alone to languish. Huddled on the floor, she stared at the two oranges the old man had given to her as the minutes ticked by – minutes that turned into hours. Darkness finally fell, casting the windowless room in deep shadows.
She rested her forehead on upraised knees as she endured the darkness. The rustling sounds of small rodents in the depths of the storeroom and the periodic pounding of booted footsteps as men raced up and down the hallway beyond the door made rest impossible.
She tried to sustain herself by imagining a future beyond the threat of being hanged in some media-designed circus. When that failed, she tried to imagine a future with David, but all she saw in her mind was an endless black void. She struggled then, really struggled not to abandon herself to complete despair.
Despite her hunger, she couldn’t summon the ability to eat even a small piece of the fresh fruit she’d been given. What kept her sane as the hours unfolded was her determination to share this windfall with David.



CHAPTER 6


DON’T FORGET me.
As if I could ever forget you, Emma, he thought as he prowled his cell like a beast deprived of his mate.
Torn between hope that her release had finally been arranged by Child Feed or the United Nations and his anxiety that Emma was being subjected to another interrogation session – or something far worse – he paced his cell as endless hours transpired. Even when his common sense surfaced to protest the futility of his behavior, David ignored it and his aching body.
Guilt gnawed at him. He wanted her out of harm’s way, but he also craved her continued presence in the cellblock. He needed her, but he wanted her safe.
Exhaustion finally forced David to lower himself into a seated position on his pallet. He stared at the floor as the puddle of light from the window at the top of his cell slowly shrank into oblivion. His anxiety for Emma escalated as darkness consumed the cellblock.
Don’t forget me.
Her words continued to echo in his mind. He leaned back, rested the back of his head against the wall, and wondered not for the first time how she could think that he could ever forget her. He dreaded being without her, and he loathed not knowing what was happening to her. David wondered if she even understood the complexity of his emotions where she was concerned.
He’d feared for both his life and his sanity before Emma’s arrival in the cellblock. She’d given him the gift of hope. He treasured her confidence and faith in him, although he doubted that he deserved them. He savored the vulnerability she revealed when they shared information about their lives, her tender way of viewing those she loved, and the explosive attraction that sent desire streaking through his body whenever they touched or when he dreamed about her during those sporadic hours when he actually slept.
He desired her in the same way that any healthy man desired the woman who aroused his passion and stirred his imagination, but he longed for her in numerous other ways, too. She fed his soul with her sensitivity, made him laugh with silly jokes, eased his loneliness with her compassion, and nurtured whatever courage he possessed with her belief in him.
Emma had helped him to rediscover his ability to feel, perhaps to even love again. In the years since his divorce he’d closed himself off to all emotional involvement, but in just three weeks Emma had opened his heart and expanded his world. She’d become the center of both. But nagging at him was his worry that she was clinging to him out of fear. Did he simply represent a safe haven, or could she truly care for him, even love him, if they weren’t facing the threat of execution on a minute by minute basis?
Although he felt reluctant to speculate on what might happen between them in the future, he desperately wanted the freedom that would allow them to know each other as a man and a woman. David closed his eyes to the darkness. He understood her need to feel safe, but his past cautioned him not to discount the possibility that she wouldn’t want or need him once they were free.
His emotions frayed, he sought comfort in his thoughts and fantasies of Emma. Exhaustion finally claimed him, and he fell into a restless doze with an ethereal mental image of Emma walking naked out of a bank of swirling mist. Seconds later she stepped into his embrace, but when he closed his arms around her, she disappeared.
David Winslow cried out in protest as he slept.

* * *

The scrape of rusty metal as someone slid open the adjacent cell’s barred door jolted David awake several hours later. He remained on his pallet until the footsteps of the retreating guards faded. Then, the hinges of the cellblock door shrieked closed.
David recognized the distinctive sound of Emma’s pacing. He pushed up to his feet and moved to the corner of his cell. Several silent seconds passed as his despair that she hadn’t been released warred with his relief that she’d been returned to him. “Emma?”
“I missed you.”
He frowned at the flat sound of her voice, his worry spiking that she’d been cruelly handled by their captors. “What happened? Are you alright?”
“I am now.” She sighed, the sound weighted by her obvious fatigue.
“What happened?” he pressed again.
“I’m not sure.”
“Emma, talk to me. Christ! I’ve been worried sick about you.”
“Touch me, please. I need you to hold my hand more than anything right now.”
He reached out, and they connected.
“What do I smell?” he asked, his senses alert to both the tremors of anxiety shaking her body and the scent drifting up from her skin.
“Soap. They let me bathe. I don’t know why, though.”
“Maybe they’re getting ready to release you.”
“I doubt it. I suspect the powers-that-be didn’t want me to get too ripe, or maybe they didn’t like my Western clothes. Who the hell knows.”
“You don’t sound like you care.”
“After what I’ve just been through, I only care about one thing,” she admitted, her voice ragged.
He closed his eyes and promised himself that he would proceed at her pace despite his clamoring need to whisk her through this crisis. “What’s that?”
“Being with you.”
David cautioned himself against reading too much into her comment. After all, who else did she have to turn to in this insane situation? He fingered the coarse fabric that fell across her wrist. “Did they take your clothes?”
“No. They’re wet from my shower, but they’ll be dry soon. They gave me some other things to wear.” She laughed, but it was a high-pitched sound that hinted at nerves stretched to the snapping point. “I’ve gone native.”
A disconcerting thought punctured his consciousness. “Were you alone when you washed up?”
“Not quite,” she said. “There were two women and … and they were armed.” She paused when a violent shudder ripped through her. “It was an awkward situation, but I guess I shouldn’t be surprised that they didn’t allow me any privacy.”
“Enjoy being clean, babe. Forget the rest.”
“I will … eventually.”
“Did they … were you interrogated?”
“No.”
“Thank God.”
“I’m more thankful to be back with you. They locked me in a storeroom for hours and hours, and I was so afraid that I’d never see you again. I won’t leave here without you, David. I won’t!”
His heart ached when he heard the rising terror in her voice, but he refused to lie to her. “You may not have a choice.”
“I won’t leave you. I can’t.” She started to weep. “I love you,” she choked out through her sobs.
I think I love you, too, he realized. But how will you feel, he wondered, once we’re free and it isn’t just the two of us against the world? What happens then?
David ground his teeth together and tightened his grasp on her hand. He felt helpless, hating his inability to hold and comfort her. “We need to talk about what you’ll say to the authorities once you’re released.”
“Not now, David. I’ve brought you a present that won’t wait.”
She withdrew her hand. When she extended it again, she deposited one of the oranges into his broad palm.
“How?” he asked in obvious shock.
“An old man working in the prison kitchen. My guards dragged me past his work station at the end of a leash.” The brittle edge in her voice revealed her fury at such demeaning treatment. “He tucked two oranges into the folds of my clothing as I walked past him.”
David transferred the precious fruit to his free hand, tucked it into one of the side pockets of his flight suit, and reclaimed Emma’s trembling fingers. The lump in his throat kept him from expressing his appreciation.
“They didn’t hurt me, David. They just scared the hell out of me, and my imagination ran right off the rails. I’m sure you know what I was thinking while I was in that damn storeroom, but I’ll be alright, I promise.”
“You need some rest,” he said, voice roughened by emotion.
“I need you,” she whispered.
David knew he needed to make an effort to divert Emma from her thoughts. She was too close to a bout of self-pity. All too familiar with the consequences of that negative state of mind, he said, ”You mentioned clothes.”
“An abaya and a burqa. Why?”
“Once your own clothes are dry, put them on beneath the abaya. That way, your teeth won’t rattle when you get cold at night.”
She half-sobbed, half-laughed. “Yes, sir.”
“We really do need to deal with the possibility that you’ll be released first, Emma.”
She tightened her grip on his hand. “There’s nothing to discuss. I’ll tell everyone exactly where you are. I know enough about the capital city to pinpoint our location on a map. Trust me, please.”
“I do trust you, but these people aren’t complete idiots. They’ll move me.”
“Then I’ll have to get to the right people very quickly, won’t I? And I’m confident I can help your Marine Corps friends mount a rescue mission.”
He heard her determination, and he found it both touching and strengthening. “You won’t let anyone forget me.”
A statement of certain fact. Not speculation. He knew her now, knew the true depths of her stubborn, willful nature. He couldn’t have wished for a better champion than this remarkable woman.
“Precisely.”
Whatever control he thought he had over himself snapped. No longer willing or able to conceal his emotions, he said in a low, sober voice, “I felt like hell when they took you away.”
“Believe me, I understand. I almost lost my mind when they took you away to be interrogated.”
“I want you safe, but I don’t want to lose you, either. Right now, I feel like a selfish son of a bitch.”
“You won’t lose me,” she said. “You, Major, are stuck with me, so you’d better get used to it.”
He wanted to believe her. He caressed the back of her hand before slipping his fingertips into the center of her palm, stroking her skin until streamers of fire linked them. Emma grew breathless, prompting him to hope that she might be able to forget, however briefly, the terror and humiliation she’d endured that day. He didn’t need to ask her to reveal her thoughts while she’d been in isolation in that storeroom. He already knew what they’d been. Yes, he damn well knew what it was like to anticipate one’s own impending death.
“What do you believe in, David?” she asked a little while later.
“Us.”
One word. One truth. At least, as far as he was concerned, he realized.
Emma smiled. “What else?”
“All the traditional things … duty, honor, country, and family.”
“I’m glad you put us first.”
“We are first … especially in this situation.”
She sighed, her thoughts straying to a time beyond their imprisonment.
“Don’t stop talking. I haven’t quite figured out how to read your mind, so I don’t know what you’re thinking right now.”
“Guess,” she suggested.
He heard the hint of a smile in her voice. He laced their fingers together, his grip sure and strong and very possessive — as possessive as that of a lover. “You’re wondering what it will be like when we make love.”
“How did you know?”
“Fine minds … my brain and my body persist in going down that road.”
“Painful, isn’t it?” she observed. “I ache for you.”
David laughed, but the sound ended in a low groan. “Don’t make it worse.”
“It’ll be wonderful, won’t it?”
“Intense. Very intense,” he promised through gritted teeth as a fire raged inside him and brought his sex to life. “You’re a sensual woman, and you obviously enjoy touching and being touched.”
She cleared her throat. “This is a first for me. I’ve never responded this way to a man before.”
“Not even … your former lovers?“
“Only one lover … and no, not even with him.”
“After the first time, I won’t be able to share you.”
“And I will not share you, either.”
“I believe you.” And he did.
“What kind of a lover are you?”
She spoke so softly, he almost missed her question. His surprise made him chuckle. “Extremely thorough.”
“I’m glad,” she whispered.
“My father gave me some really good advice when I was about sixteen. He told me that putting a woman’s pleasure first separated real men from selfish pricks.”
She laughed. “You apparently agree.”
“My old man may have been as hard as a slab of granite some of the time, but he knew what he was talking about. He and Mom were happy, even during the toughest drought years on the ranch or if they were at odds in their personal relationship.” Her silence prompted him to say, “Turnabout’s fair play. What kind of lover are you?”
She sighed and snugged her hand more securely against his. “Inexperienced. Eager to learn … with you. The one man I’ve been with … well, let’s just say he was very impatient.” She cleared her throat. “He told me that I was about as exciting as a coma patient when we had sex.”
Something stilled inside David. “He didn’t physically abuse you, did he?”
“No, he was just impatient and, courtesy of the benefits of hindsight, I now realize he was far more interested in his own satisfaction than in mine. I always felt as though I was just along for the ride, no pun intended.” She paused. “This is a crazy conversation. I think I’m glad you can’t see me right now.”
“Blushing, huh?” His fingertips skimmed back and forth across the center of her palm.
“All over.” Scalding rivers of sensation suddenly gushed into her bloodstream. Her bones felt soft enough to melt, and her heart raced. “All over,” she said a second time.
Erotic images flooded his mind. His body grew as taut as piano wire, and desire surged hotly through his veins. “I want you to enjoy what we share.”
“I’m certain I will, as long as you don’t mind that I have a lot to learn.”
“No, I definitely don’t mind,” he managed through gritted teeth.
“What’s wrong? You sound awful.”
His grip on her hand tightened. “Nothing. Nothing at all. It’s just that I have these fantasies in my head about us … together.”
“Naked?” she whispered.
“Of course.”
“Breathless?”
“You will be.”
“Passionate?”
“Emma.” He stretched out her name until it seemed to contain a thousand syllables. “You’re killing me here.”
“You do sound awful again.”
“One of the hazards,” he admitted, “of wanting you all of the time.” He felt the tremor that shook her. “Your skin’s on fire, and I’m on fire for you.”
“All of me is on fire for you. All of me … every time I let myself imagine what we’ll be able to share once we’re free.”
“We will. I promise you, we will.”
Despite his body’s crying need for fulfillment with Emma, he pushed his mind beyond the torture of fantasizing about what he couldn’t have – at least, not now. The effort cost him, proving to be an excruciating second-by-second process.
Finally, David asked, “Did anyone rough you up when they took you away?”
“I don’t want to talk about it, so keep distracting me.”
“You’re tying me in knots, so let’s get back to reality before I die of hunger for you. Now, answer my question, please.”
“If you insist,” she said. “No one physically mistreated me, but my imagination went a little crazy when they locked me in that dark storeroom.” She swallowed the acid fear that filled her throat. “Other than the two teenage guards, the women who supervised my shower, and the old man who gave me the oranges, I didn’t have contact with anyone else in the prison.”
“You were lucky. At least you were kept away from the interrogators.”
“That’s something,” she conceded, “but where I come from bathing isn’t done with an audience.”
He grinned at her prissy tone. “How about with your lover?”
“Yet again, no experience in that department.”
His imagination kicked into overdrive. “Would you like to?”
“You could persuade me,” she admitted.
A rocket and grenade attack suddenly commenced a few miles from the prison, air-raid sirens wailing in the distance. David tightly gripped Emma’s hand. Both fell silent as the pinpoint of light at the far end of the hallway flickered and then died. Total darkness shrouded the cellblock as the power died.
“The bombing gets closer every night,” Emma observed.
David nodded. “Maybe we’ll luck out and the prison’s administrative offices will wind up on the receiving end of an incoming rocket.”
“That won’t help us.”
“Maybe not, but it sure would be great payback for the bastards who tried to turn me into raw hamburger.”
Emma heard the bitterness in his voice. “It’d be much better if someone blew out the cellblock wall.”
“Only in our dreams, and only if we don’t object to being blown up along with the damn building.”
“It’s a risk I’d be more than willing to take if I thought it would mean getting out of here and making a run for freedom.”
His tone sobered even more, if that was possible. “I share your sentiments, but I don’t want you hurt.”
“No more than I want you to be injured, David, but the longer we remain here, the weaker we both become. I’ve probably lost ten pounds, as you predicted, and I know you’ve dropped at least twenty, probably more.”
“Closer to thirty,” he conceded.
“We need an out, and some crazy political faction trying to undermine the current dictator of this godforsaken sandlot is our best hope.”
David laughed. “You’d make a great W.M.”
She didn’t recognize the term. “A what?”
“Woman Marine. You’ve got the grit. I also think that you’re the strongest, sexiest woman I’ve ever known, whether or not you realize it. I’m very glad we’re on the same side.”
“Thank you, I think.” She paused. “Promise you won’t laugh at me if I tell you a secret?”
“Sure.”
She admitted, “I fall asleep every single night wishing for two things. That you were holding me and that someone would blow out that damn cellblock wall.”
“Someday soon,” he vowed, “I’ll hold you all night long, and we’ll look back on this entire experience as nothing more than a bad memory.”
“That first part is a promise I intend for you to keep, Major Winslow, but for the time being you should eat your orange. You need the vitamin C.”
After squeezing each other’s hands one final time, they eased apart and returned to their pallets. They continued to talk as they savored the gift of a nameless and compassionate old man who’d taken pity on them.

* * *

Forty-eight hours later their hoped-for miracle began to happen when a violent blast shattered the stillness of the night and shook the walls of the cellblock.
Stunned out of a sound sleep, Emma struggled up to her knees and squinted through the mortar dust sifting down from the ceiling and obscuring the walls of her cell. Then, she heard a strange screaming sound somewhere off in the distance.
David shouted, “Incoming!”
She crawled to the nearest wall and crouched there, arms over her head as exploding grenades and rocket shells sent repeated shudders through the cellblock walls. She gathered her scattered wits, silently blessing Sam for having dragged her along with him to countless war movies during their childhood. The violent explosions assured her, of course, that this wasn’t simulated warfare in a movie. This was real, and potentially deadly. Mortar dust continued to float down from the ceiling and the walls, clogging the air with gritty debris.
Emma squinted up at the window of her cell. She saw strange flashes of light and heard the shrieks of additional incoming rounds. The resultant explosions briefly deafened her and sent her sprawling across the hard-packed dirt floor of her cell.
“Emma!”
“I’m okay!” She struggled back up to her knees.
“Whoever they are, these guys aren’t too far away. And they obviously mean business.”
“Do you think … ” She broke off as a rocket exploded in the adjacent courtyard, the floor seemed to tilt, and she fell flat on her face.
“I don’t know what the hell to think!” David shouted back at her. “That last one was too close for comfort. If you haven’t already done it, move into the corner of your cell. Get as much distance as you can between yourself and the outside wall. Cover your face and keep your head down. These guys don’t have the greatest aim in the world.”
Emma hurriedly crawled into the corner farthest from the back wall of her cell. The acrid stench of exploding bombs and the dense rain of mortar dust stung her eyes and filled her nose. Coughing, she wedged herself tightly into the corner and shielded her face with the burqa. And then she prayed.
A sudden silence settled over the cellblock. Emma thought it as ominous as the sound of exploding grenades and rockets. “Now I know how those plastic ducks at the county fair must feel.”
David laughed, but Emma almost missed the sound. Instead, commands shouted in Arabic and rifle fire eclipsed the silence of just moments earlier.
“I’m sorry I hoped this would happen,” she called to David. “I really don’t want either one of us to die.”
“We won’t. With any kind of luck, this might be our ticket out of the hotel from hell.”
Blast after blast shook the cellblock.
Emma kept her head bowed, and she remained wedged into the corner of her cell. During a ten-second respite a few minutes later, she peered through a gap in the burqa she’d draped over her head. Disbelief flooded her when she spied a small hole in the wall of her cell.
“David!”
Several successive explosions hurled her across the floor, twisted the barred door of her cell, and widened the hole in the rear cell wall. Emma gasped for air. Tendrils of flame licked and danced along the overhead beams as she tried to scramble back to her original position.
She gagged on the dense smoke. Yet another explosion sent rubble tumbling across the floor. She felt a chunk of stone slam into her hip, and she couldn’t smother her cry of pain.
Ceiling timbers cracked and splintered overhead, nearly drowning out David’s voice as he shouted her name. A length of wood crashed to the floor, missing Emma’s head by only a few inches. Heart racing, she bit back a scream.
Additional rubble cascaded across the backs of her legs. Still sprawled on the floor of her cell, she peered into the smoke and darkness, but she couldn’t see anything.
Emma moaned, desperate to find a way to protect herself. She pitched aside chunks of stone and splintered pieces of wood, struggled to her knees, and began to crawl across the floor, praying all the while that the ceiling wouldn’t cave in on her. The deafening chaos of guerilla warfare continued to shriek and wail in her ears.
“… answer me, damn it!”
A heartbeat later, strong hands seized her shoulders and yanked her upright. Terror filled her. She cried out and began to struggle.
“Emma … stop struggling … it’s me.” David’s hands gentled as he stroked her arms.
She went still with shock. And then she sank into him, her arms sliding around his waist, her forehead falling against his shoulder.
“This is our shot.” He hugged her, his embrace fierce and protective. “We’ve got to make a run for it now.”
She eased back, coughing again. “Whatever we do, we do it together.”
“That’s my girl.” He hugged her one last time, grabbed her hand, and cautioned, “Don’t let go, no matter what happens.”
Another rocket attack began, the assault on the prison compound growing more intense and deadly with each passing second.
David guided Emma through what had become a gaping hole in the seam of the cell’s rear wall and the common wall that had separated them for three terrifying weeks. The ceiling of her cell caved in a heartbeat after they stepped out into the adjacent courtyard.
Emma kept pace with David, trusting him to protect her. They dodged armed soldiers shouting at one another, ambulances speeding into the courtyard to collect the wounded, exploding mortar shells, and a seemingly endless series of shoulder-launched rockets that exploded all around them.
Zigzagging through the sprawling compound, they finally spotted the front gate. They ducked into the shelter of a darkened doorway in what appeared to be an abandoned structure in order to survey their options.
“It looks too easy,” she whispered to David as they huddled together and studied the now unguarded prison entrance.
“I agree, but it’s all we’ve got.”
Emma glanced up at David. She registered the smudges of fatigue beneath his hazel eyes, the tension visible in his angular facial features despite his beard, the frown that marred his brow, and the dirt and mortar dust that covered him from head to booted feet.
He loomed over her, rugged, heavily muscled, and almost profanely masculine. Not a pretty man by any means, but the safety she felt just being at his side trumped everything else. She’d never been into the smoothly polished diplomats or the power brokers of the international community she’d encountered during her time with Child Feed, and she never would be. She wanted a real man, and David Winslow was all man. Best of all, he was real.
He met her gaze. Pressed against his body, swathed from shoulders to ankles in the shapeless abaya and her head still covered by the burqa, and heavily dusted with her own share of mortar dust, she was still everything he’d imagined and then some. As if unable to stop himself, he leaned down and dropped a hard kiss on her parted lips.
She blinked in surprise when he drew back. Then, she grinned at him. “What now?”
“We’re going to have to take a chance and get the hell out of this compound.”
She nodded, ready to follow him into the fires of hell. Hadn’t they managed to survive – at least up until now – their own personal versions of hell as the political prisoners and potential sacrifices of a rogue Middle East state and its dictator?
A convoy of heavy tanks, followed by a half dozen jeeps and trucks, rumbled through the open gates and roared past them. Still hidden in the shadowed doorway, Emma and David clung to each other. Their hearts raced in concert while they waited for their chance to make a break for freedom.
Once the area cleared of vehicles and personnel, David eased his grip on Emma and looked down at her. Vivid blue eyes stared up at him. His thoughts scattered with the realization that a man could easily drown in those huge, bottomless blue pools.
He found his voice. “Ready?”
Emma squared her shoulders. “Yes. Shall we try to make it to my friend’s house?”
“Yes, but only if you’re certain she won’t turn us over to the authorities.”
Emma shook her head. “She absolutely will not do that. Mary’s a Canadian. If she’s in the country, she’ll help us. If not, we can wait until she returns. I trust her, David. She would never betray us.”
“Let’s get going then.”
“Her place is about three miles northeast of here.” She swallowed against the anxiety that thrummed inside her. “I’ve driven there at night, so it won’t be hard to find.”
He cupped her face with his big hands and titled it upward. “We’re going to be alright.”
Tears stung Emma’s eyes, but she managed a nod.
Her shattered little smile nearly drove David to his knees. Leaning down, he tenderly pressed his lips to hers. She clutched at his forearms, drawing strength from him until he drew back and released a ragged breath.
“Trust me,” he said. “We’ll get through this.”
“I do trust you.” And I always will, she realized. “There is no one I trust more, David.”



CHAPTER 7


EMMA AND David raced out of the prison compound and into a night punctuated by bursts of small arms fire and rocked by exploding mortar shells and rocket rounds. They spent four harrowing hours navigating narrow back alleys and dark, deserted streets.
For the most part, they escaped the notice of groups of heavily armed rebels and the clusters of wailing civilians trying to douse the fires caused by incoming rockets that now threatened to destroy their homes. They also dodged assorted contingents of military personnel still loyal to the dictator who commanded them from an underground bunker in his presidential palace.
All the while, Emma held her emotions in check despite the peril they faced. She focused on the safest route to Mary Winthrop’s house. She guided David through a maze of shabby neighborhoods, park-like settings that boasted towering steel statues of the country’s dictator, and the now abandoned open-air markets of the sprawling, war-torn capital city.
At one point they drew the attention of a group of youths, who stood atop the flatbeds of their trucks and fired handguns and rifles into the night sky. When the young men turned their weapons on them, David grabbed Emma’s hand and they fled the area. They ducked down into a dry drainage ditch, dove behind a mound of debris, and held tight to one another as the youths raced by in their battered pick-ups a few minutes later.
Soon after, they resumed their trek to Mary Winthrop’s neighborhood. Twice they were forced to scale stacked pallets of imported foreign goods, first behind a small store and then in a lot adjacent to an unguarded warehouse, in order to avoid roving packs of wild dogs.
When they finally reached Mary’s home, both were sweat-drenched and exhausted. They paused beneath a shadowed overhang. Emma knocked on the front door with as much discretion as possible. No one answered the door despite her persistent knocking, which prompted David to circle the house in order to investigate alternate points of entry.
When he rejoined her, she cast a worried glance at him. “Any sign of Mary?”
He shook his head.
“Maybe we should try to make it to the Canadian embassy.”
David frowned up at the pre-dawn sky. “I’d like nothing better, but we’re out of time. We’d be shot if we were caught on the streets right now. I’d also rather not break a window and risk drawing the neighbor’s attention.”
“The Canadian Embassy isn’t more than a mile from here,” she persisted.
“It’ll be light soon. We wouldn’t make it, Emma.”
“Then I’ll keep watch while you deal with getting us inside,” she whispered. “Mary will understand whatever damage you might need to do.”
When she started to slip away, David snagged her wrist and brought her up short. She met his gaze, certain that he sensed her mounting anxiety.
“You’re doing great, babe. I know you’re tired and frightened, but I promise you we’ll be inside in no time.”
She nodded, and she allowed herself a moment to absorb some of the strength reflected in his eyes. Then, she eased free of his grasp and sidled along the enclosed garden wall to the front gate.
Two-story residences loomed on both sides of Mary’s interior garden, but Emma saw no betraying movement in the heavy window coverings and she heard not a hint that anyone occupied the interiors of the dwellings. She hoped that the chaos in the city had caused many locals to flee in favor of safety with relations in other, more remote parts of the country.
Despite being clad in a concealing burqa and the cloak-like abaya, Emma still feared being recognized as a Westerner and reported to the secret police by an early-rising neighbor. The thought of being taken into custody again, not to mention the very real threat of gang rape and a public execution as penance for escaping the cellblock, made her blood run cold. She refused to even consider the torture that would be inflicted on David. The dawn, poised to spill across the sky in a matter of minutes, simply added to her escalating tensions.
A few minutes later, David found her crouched to one side of the front gate behind a thorny shrub and cautiously peering out at the abandoned side street.
“Come on,” he whispered. “Door’s open.”
With him in the lead, they quickly retraced her original route down the length of the interior garden wall. He pushed open the front door and stepped aside, allowing her to slip into the house ahead of him. She didn’t bother to ask how he’d managed to release the door’s lock. She didn’t care. He’d done it, and that was sufficient.
Emma only made it as far as the living room. Once there, she paused for a silent thank you to whatever deity had chosen to aid them. Yanking the burqa from her head and shrugging out of the abaya, she tossed aside the garments and wrapped her arms around herself to dispel the sudden chill suffusing her body.
David secured the deadbolt, taking the added precaution of shifting a bulky chest into position before the double front doors. Then, he inspected the entire two-bedroom dwelling to assure himself that all of the windows were covered and the rear door was locked. When he returned to the living room, he found Emma standing stock-still on an ornate rug, eyes closed and arms wrapped around her trembling body.
He moved forward, pausing less than a foot from her. He lowered the lighted candle cradled in a shallow bowl that he’d found in the kitchen onto a nearby coffee table. Then, he straightened and stepped even closer, drawing her forward and into his arms. He held her then, waiting while her respiration slowed and she regained her composure.
Finally, she heaved a ragged sigh and opened her eyes. “Sorry.”
“Why?”
“I think the last three weeks just caught up with me.”
Embarrassed, she lifted her head. She looked at him then – really looked at him. Her senses registered a weary smile, as well as the hard featured facial expression of a man who’d endured the rigors of nearly three months of captivity.
“One of your famous delayed reactions?” he asked as he stroked her back with his big hands. “I seem to remember a few of those happening during the last few weeks.”
“No kidding.” She shoved at the heavy fall of midnight black hair no longer restrained by the veil she’d been forced to wear.
He studied her for a long moment. “I was right about you. You’re beautiful.”
“I’m a disaster … and filthy.”
“Okay … a beautiful disaster who needs a bath, clean clothes, and some decent food.”
She smiled faintly, her gaze steady as she returned his perusal. “That covers part of what I need.”
He stilled. “What else do you need?”
“You … but I want to be clean first.”
Her directness shouldn’t have surprised him, but his darkening eyes told a different tale – as did the tightening of his hands at her waist when he brought her against his aroused body.
She relaxed into him, curves molding to muscle. The hard length of his sex pressed against the cradle of her upper thighs. Looking up at him, she shifted even nearer as a shaken breath escaped her.
“I’m so hungry for you,“ he said, his voice a low erotic rumble.
She nodded, her eyes fixed on the hard lines of his face. An electrical current of desire, as well as something even more intense, arced between them. She felt the sweep of his searing gaze across her lips, the not so subtle dig of his fingers at her waist, and the stark evidence of his desire – for her. It was in that moment that she grasped the true depth of his hunger – for her. She grasped it for one very simple reason – it matched her own – for him.
Expectation and anticipation accelerated her heartbeat. Reaching up, she smoothed back the lock of hair that had fallen across his forehead before she trailed her fingertips down the side of his strong jaw and then traced his lips with a single fingertip. David captured her hand, pressing her open palm to his lips. And a thousand fiery sensations spilled into her bloodstream.
“I need you, Emma.”
“Soon,” she promised, “because I need you, too.” She lingered in his arms, her gaze riveted to his rugged face. The desire to be absorbed into his flesh and bones sang in her veins, but common sense prevailed. “First, though, I must bathe.“
“First things first,” he agreed.
He stepped back, reclaimed the small bowl that contained the lighted candle, and then clasped one of her hands. He led her into the kitchen, pausing before a well-stocked pantry.
Emma smiled. “Mary’s always ready to feed an army.”
He gestured to the contents of the pantry. “Why don’t you get cleaned up while I put together some kind of a meal for us?”
“You deserve to go first,” she reminded him.
He shook his head. “Ladies first. Now, get going. If you need anything, tap on the wall.”

* * *

Emma settled into a huge bathtub filled with fragrant hot water fifteen minutes later. At first, she simply soaked her battered body, savoring both the heat of the water and the scent of the lavender bath salts that Mary favored. Soon, though, she began to scrub the accumulated filth of three hellish weeks from her flesh. Next, she washed her waist-length hair twice, drained the tub, and then stood under the showerhead to rinse away the last of the soap and shampoo.
She wrapped her wet hair in a towel, using a second one to dry herself before she borrowed an ankle-length bathrobe Mary had left hanging on the back of the door. After brushing her teeth, she smoothed moisturizing lotion into her skin. Her thoughts then shifted to David and what he might need. She set out a stack of fresh towels, a plastic-wrapped toothbrush and tube of toothpaste, a disposable razor and manicure scissors, and a bar of unscented soap for him.
In Mary’s guest bedroom, she retrieved the extra-large, terrycloth bathrobe that she remembered from a previous visit. For David’s sake, she was glad Mary’s brother had left it hanging in the closet. She placed the folded robe atop the bathroom countertop. After starting a bath for him, she padded barefoot into the living room, feeling cleaner than she had in more weeks than she cared to count.
She found him standing with his back to her at the heavily draped front window. A platter piled high with all manner of finger food and canned fruit sat on the coffee table, along with additional bottles of water, napkins, plates, and utensils.
Emma snagged a banana, peeled it, and took a bite while David continued to scan the front gate and interior courtyard garden of Mary’s house through a narrow gap between the drape and window frame.
“Is anyone out there?” she finally asked.
He stiffened, his tension evidenced in the rigid set of his broad shoulders and the stiffness of his spine.
“It’s just me, David.”
Exhaling a hard gust of air, he turned to face her.
“I didn’t mean to startle you … ” she began.
He waved off her apology. His heated gaze raked over her with a masculine thoroughness that very nearly off-balanced Emma. She felt naked, despite being clothed from throat to ankles.
“My God …” He broke off, looking stunned and confused as he stared at her.
“What’s wrong?” she whispered.
“Nothing’s wrong. I just didn’t expect … I mean, you’re …” He paused a second time.
“I’m not sure what you mean.” She felt unnerved, and she didn’t try to pretend otherwise.
“You’re …” Yet again, he seemed unable to complete the thought.
“I’m what, David?”
He heard the edge that had crept into her voice, and it seemed to shake something loose inside him. “Christ, I’m sorry. I knew you were beautiful, but you’re not just beautiful … you’re exquisite.”
She relaxed and flashed a lopsided grin at him. “Thank you.”
“I mean it, Emma.” He frowned. “What haven’t you told me about yourself?”
She shrugged. Unwilling to meet his gaze, she popped the last bite of the banana into her mouth and set aside the skin. She finished chewing and swallowed before she answered his question. “Not too much. You really do know all of the important stuff.”
“Not all of it, obviously. Talk,” he ordered. “Now.”
She sighed. “If you insist.”
“I insist.”
“There were a few other reasons I had to give up gymnastics,” she conceded.
David broke in. “Let me guess … too tall and over the top curves in all the right places.”
She nodded. “I started getting injured. My legs were too long, and I just couldn’t handle the equipment any longer. It’s not exactly designed for a giraffe.”
“A gazelle,” he corrected. “An elegant, long-limbed, sexy as all hell, knock-out of a gazelle.” He gave her a questioning look. “You could model for Victoria Secret.”
“No, that would be my cousin, Gabriela, although I was the first runner-up in the Miss World competition when I was eighteen. After all of that insanity finally ended, I enrolled in college and didn’t look back. That, Major Winslow, is my story, and I’m sticking to it.”
“Holy fuck, woman!” The words burst out of him. He couldn’t stop them.
Emma laughed so hard, her knees almost buckled. When she could speak again, she said, “The tub’s probably half filled by now, so you need to get in there before we accidently flood the place. I highly recommend a good long soak. It’s very therapeutic. And while you’re taking care of you, I’m going to satisfy my craving for some decent food.”
“Yes, ma’am.” David still looked faintly stunned. “Anything else, ma’am?”
She grinned up at him as she sank down onto the sofa, reached for a plate, and began to fill it with much needed sustenance. “I thought Marines were trained to handle the unexpected.”

* * *

An hour later, David found Emma stretched out on the sofa. Her eyes were closed, her breathing slow and steady. He settled into the chair closest to her, still not quite able to wrap his mind around what he now knew about her. He held his breath when she stirred, her shift in position atop the cushions causing the robe she wore to part from her thighs to her toes.
Desire steamed through his veins as he indulged himself in a leisurely study of those shapely legs – legs that seemed to go on for frigging ever – legs that made him want to groan aloud his need to sheathe his sex deep within her body and feel them wrapped around his hips as they made love. He must have made a betraying sound, because when his gaze reached her face, he saw that her eyes were open and she was watching him with a curiously tender expression.
“Feel better?” she asked as she took in his startling transformation.
Gone was the grime of deprivation and captivity. Gone were the filthy flight suit and the steel-toed flight boots that he’d worn since being shot down. And gone was the heavy beard that had obscured his hard cheeks and stubborn chin.
Obviously naked beneath the towel fastened low on his hips, he literally took Emma’s breath away. She cared little that he hadn’t opted to use the robe she’d left on the bathroom counter for him. In fact, she was almost relieved that he hadn’t put it on.
Scrubbed clean and freshly shaved, he was a new man. A striking man, but not at all handsome. Definitely not handsome. That tame word would never in a million years be applied to David Winslow. He was big and powerfully constructed – so much so that her heart did a little tap-dance of pleasure. And as he shifted in his chair, the air in her lungs stopped cold. She realized that even his slightest movement reflected the lithe grace of a predator. And, my God, the man looked ready to prowl.
He remained silent, though, apparently not yet ready to answer her question. Instead, he seemed to have questions of his own to ask, questions that lurked in his eyes as he studied her. So, she waited him out and continued her study of him.
The strength of his character and his Montana origins showed in his steely jaw, direct gaze, and sensual lips. His uncompromising personality was apparent in the sturdiness of his starkly male body. Although bruised and likely scarred in a variety of places by the torture he’d endured during his captivity, the damage inflicted upon his flesh did nothing to diminish his appeal.
“I feel much better,” he finally said.
“I like you without the beard.”
He dipped that strong chin in acknowledgement, his expression remaining oddly neutral.
“What are you thinking, David?”
“That I want … I need … to take you to bed.”
Warmth and desire swamped her. “I want you, too.”
She sat up without further comment, swinging those impossibly long, impossibly spectacular legs of hers off the cushions. Her upward momentum dislodged the towel that had encased her damp hair. As it fell away, her nearly waist-length mane tumbled free like an unraveling bolt of obsidian silk past her shoulders and down her back.
Hunger lanced through him as David pushed up from his chair, took her extended hand, and drew her to her feet. “You’re sure?”
She nodded, captured by his incinerating gaze – a darkly territorial gaze that asserted both male prowess and his personal claim on her. “I’m very sure.”
He raised his free hand, stroking the mass of unbound hair, his gliding fingers indulging in pure sensory appreciation. “It’s almost blue, it’s so black.”
She shrugged. “Chalk it up to an excellent gene pool.”
His hot gaze ran riot over her, his hand trembling as he withdrew it from the damp strands. “Excellent. Good word. Christ, if I’m dreaming don’t wake me up.”
He gathered her up and into his arms in one fluid motion. As he cradled her against his broad chest, she looped her arms around his neck and remained silent as he carried her into the guest room. And with every step he took, she ached all the way down to her soul for this man.
He held her like precious cargo, and she felt the sluggish, simmering flow of the blood in her veins. She felt simultaneously weakened and empowered. She felt utterly seduced, just as he’d seduced her with his touch in the prison cellblock when all they’d been able to do was hold hands and dream of freedom. And she felt needy, but only for his touch – his passion – his hunger.
Once he lowered her to her feet beside the bed and they faced each other, she held his gaze. Without pretense or false modesty, Emma shrugged free of her robe and let it tumble to the floor. A hard gust of air burst out of him. As the raw sound faded, she freed the towel knotted at his hips. It, too, fell to the floor.
Then, she stepped forward, surrendering fully as his arms encircled her and he drew her into his heat. Her senses quickened, her heart raced, and she trembled with need.
He tightened his embrace and bent his head, the subtle flex and flow of the muscles that crisscrossed his chest and ridged his flat belly tensing as she melted against him. His sex lengthened and swelled to near bursting. Sucking in a sharp breath, he fought for control.
Then he claimed her lips, instantly deepening their connection when he thrust his tongue into her mouth. His kiss devastated her with its overt carnality, and she gloried in it.
Instinct and too many other emotions to name drove her. Coherence fled. Everything within her became centered on David, the way he tasted, the feel of his mouth fused to hers, the invasive darting of his tongue, and the possessive sweep of his hands down her back and over her hips.
Emma moaned her pleasure, her fingernails digging into his back as she clung to him. Her body wept for his possession, and her knees threatened to give way. And somehow, he knew. He knew exactly what she needed.
He shifted one of his hands to a position between their bodies, hesitating for just a heartbeat before he skimmed his fingertips down over her belly and then slid them along the silk covered, swollen seam of her slick cleft. She moaned at the trail of burning sensation he left in his wake. He drank in the pleasure-filled sound even as he delved into her sheathing heat with first one finger and then a second.
“You feel like you’re on fire, Emma.”
“Now, please. Need you … inside me,” she whispered against his lips.
The coarse word he muttered echoed in the stillness like a whispered prayer. Without warning, he lowered her onto her back atop the bed. He came down over her, bracing his upper body weight on his elbows as his narrow hips wedged apart her thighs.
She gripped his shoulders, trembling when she felt his sex at the entrance to her body, the thick head throbbing and hot and poised to claim her. The interior of her body felt as heated as honey placed atop a flame.
She glanced down, taking in the dense pelt of mahogany hair that covered his chest. The swirling pattern invited a fingertip inspection. Her fingertips, she decided. Only hers.
Emma brought her gaze back up to his chiseled features. He appeared to be cast in granite, but she knew that granite was cool to the touch and David was not. She felt his heat and hunger right down to her soul – this man composed of muscle and bone and sinew, this man so capable of compassion and fierceness, kindness and aggression, this man who could seduce her with the simple act of breathing.
She recalled the way in which he’d aroused her to the point of mindlessness with the simple stroking of his fingertips across the palm of her hand. Now, he watched her with an almost proprietary manner, which only served to strengthen her desire for him.
“I need to keep a promise,” she said.
“Promise?” he asked.
He studied her exquisite face and those extraordinary eyes. She was so much more than he’d imagined, more than he’d dreamed of possessing, more than he’d ever craved in a woman. His hunger for her overwhelmed, made every muscle in his body tighten like coiled steel.
His control began to disintegrate. Need thrummed inside him. Fantasy and reality warred within him. And yet, here she was. Naked. Tantalizing. Enticing. His to touch. His to linger over, to savor, to consume. His for the taking.
“What promise?” he managed to ask a second time.
She wrapped her arms around him, pressing her lips to the side of his neck to bestow a stinging little nip and then a gentle, healing kiss. When she drew back, she met his curious expression. “That first day in my cell, I made myself a promise that I’d put my arms around you and hug you at the very first opportunity. That was hug number one, but I think I still owe you at least a thousand more.”
He flinched. “Gratitude.” He ground out the word, and it sounded ugly. All the emotion left his eyes. He looked as cold as ice despite the heat rolling off of his body in waves. “Is that what this is, Emma? Gratitude?”
She frowned. “Of course not.”
“I don’t want gratitude. And for the record, you don’t owe me shit. Not now. Not ever.”
When he began to shift away from her, she gripped his shoulders and stopped his withdrawal. “This is not gratitude with sex offered as a thank you … this is us, David. There’s a world of difference between the two.”
He wanted to believe her. Taking advantage of a vulnerable woman wasn’t his style. It never had been, and it never would be. And she was vulnerable, despite what she seemed to think or what she said. She’d faced the constant threat of rape for three solid weeks, and she’d been forced to confront her own mortality. “A lot has happened to you, Emma … I don’t want you to make a mistake or regret…”
“We are not a mistake and regret won’t ever be a possibility.”
He released a pent-up breath, his gaze slowly drifting from the determined look in her huge blue eyes, down to the delicate curve of her shoulders, and then on to the bounty of her high, full breasts. They responded to his visual caress, swelling and firming beneath his gaze. Her nipples beaded, as if inviting his mouth.
His eyes shifted lower still – to her narrow waist, the soft curve of her belly, the feminine width of her hips, and the thatch of black silk at the top of her parted thighs – all of the parts of her that beckoned to him, seduced him, rendered him nearly mindless in his need of her. He’d have to be dead and in his grave not to want her. He closed his eyes, fighting to keep a clear head.
“I want you, David. I can’t even imagine not wanting you.” She searched his expression. His hesitation had something to do with his past or his ingrained integrity and sense of honor, she felt sure of it. “I meant it before when I said you’re a part of me, a part of how I define myself.”
“Emma …” He stopped speaking when she pressed her fingertips to his lips to silence him.
“Don’t talk. Just listen to me, please. I’m not a child. I am an adult, and I know my own mind. I think it’s your turn to trust me.”
“I do trust you, but … ”
“Prove it,” she challenged.
His jaw tightened. His sex surged, nudging at her hot slick cleft, seeking entry, seeking surcease, seeking heaven. Still, he didn’t move a muscle as he stared down at her. His restraint cost him, though, because he felt like he was being flayed with a sharp blade.
“Trust me to know what’s right for me, David.”
All of the fight went out of him then. He surrendered to the certainty and persuasiveness of the naked beauty sprawled beneath him on the bed. Never mind that a war raged just beyond the walled garden of the house in which they’d found shelter, and never mind that they’d both be executed if they were found by the secret police of this godforsaken country. For now, it was just about the two of them. Reality be damned.
He stopped resisting, and he stopped thinking. Instead, he filled his hands with her breasts and brushed his thumbs back and forth across already peaked nipples. Even as shudders rocked her body, his desire for her roared up inside of him like a hurricane, desire so profound that it shocked him.
He lowered his head and took a beaded nipple into his mouth, tonguing and teething while Emma moaned low in her throat and arched into him. He moved to her other nipple, tormenting and teasing as if he had all of the time in world to devote to her pleasure. She cried out, arousal heating her skin and making her long graceful limbs tremble. All the while, he held her as though she were the most vital thing in his world.
He sank down over her, his lips whispering up the side of her neck as he gathered her close. She shimmied beneath him, the delicate scrape of her taut nipples against his chest like delicate tongues of fire. She shifted yet again, the undulation of her lower body rousing his need to be inside her to even more acute heights. Reckless hunger rampaged through him.
“I have to convince myself that you’re real and not something I’ve imagined,” he said, his strained voice revealing his consuming hunger for her.
“I’m real,” she whispered. “And we are very real.”
Lifting his head, he studied her. He marveled anew at her beauty, the startling blue of her eyes, and the heat and desire radiating out from them as she looked up at him.
She turned her head to press her lips into the palm of one of his hands before she said, “Please make the world disappear, David.”
It was the serenity in her eyes that crumbled his iron control – crumbled it to dust. He succumbed to the sensual woman in his arms and to the molten desire that ravaged his senses. He kissed her with a ravenous hunger, losing himself in the taste and glory of her.
Emma arched beneath him like the tautest bowstring. She moaned his name, and her fingers dug into his lower back in a tactile plea. He answered that plea for both their sakes. He couldn’t do otherwise. He thrust into her, seating himself in her depths to the hilt in one long, powerful stroke of his thick erection.
He drank in Emma’s answering cry of pleasure, not bothering to bite back his own low groan of relief to finally be inside of her. Hot wet flesh gripped his sex, her tight channel pure bliss. Her legs – those incredible long legs – circled his hips. And so began the ultimate intimacy, that sensual dance he’d spent countless days and nights imagining, although the actual dance made the one he’d conjured in his imagination seem insignificant by comparison.
Would he ever get enough of her? he wondered. The short answer – never.
She met his every thrust, becoming utterly volatile beneath him. She reminded him of a wildfire as she responded to him, to the slamming of his hard flesh into her sheathing heat, to the hungry joining of their mouths, and to the possessive, near frantic stroking of their hands on each other.
Emma. A miracle. His miracle. The miracle capable of tormenting and tantalizing. The miracle that rendered him mindless even as he possessed her. The miracle that could not possibly last.
Next time, he promised himself, he would linger over her, but for now his desperate craving for release came on hard and fast. Not surprising after three weeks of foreplay in that God damn prison cellblock.
Even now, Emma stoked his need. Not deliberately, he felt certain. Inexperience now translated into pure feminine instinct. He felt her body begin to tighten around his hard shaft, and he sensed her surprise in the moment before her body’s movements turned almost frantic. Gasping little cries spilled past her lips.
He lifted his head and watched her, tension etched into his features. Desire darkened his hazel eyes until they looked like bottomless black pools.
“Please,” she whimpered.
“Please what?”
Emma clutched his shoulders. “I need…”
He didn’t break stride as he found the knot of nerves at the crown of her sex with his fingertips. “This?” he asked.
“Oh, God, yes, David,” she groaned. “Yes.” That final word possessed a faintly sibilant note.
And then Emma began to unravel, sensations unlike anything she’d ever before experienced encompassing her and spinning her into a sensory oblivion. David intensified his stroking penetration, thrust after hard, quick thrust into her searing heat awakening countless tiny muscles in her core that nearly sent him over the edge of his own precarious cliff of restraint. Shivers and spasms rippled through her, each one milking his cock and dismantling, centimeter by centimeter, his own control.
Urgency drove them with sharp spurs. They burned for each other in a conflagration so encompassing, both lost touch with everything but the currents of white-hot pleasure suffusing their merged bodies.
She climaxed suddenly, a sharp bursting low in her abdomen followed by a protracted release that seemed to consume her body and soul. He reveled in the possessive clutching of her sheathe. Reclaiming her mouth, David inhaled her shocked cries and gasps as she came apart within the safe harbor of his embrace.
He continued to surge into her depths while she clung to him. She chanted his name, the sound reminiscent of a mantra. His own control now ravaged beyond rescue, he surrendered to his own release.
He thrust high and hard, again and again until he exploded within the scalding clasp of Emma’s still quivering body. His seed jetted into her in an orgasm that seemed to go on forever, ultimately setting off yet another climax deep within her. She cried out her surprise, clinging to David as she rode out the stunning force of a second powerful storm.
Short sharp breaths of pleasure filled the otherwise silent room. They clung to each other, both sweat-soaked and trembling and utterly stunned.
Sanity and awareness returned, but slowly.
He sank down over her, trying not to crush her with his weight. When he brushed a light kiss over her lips, she opened her eyes and gave him a dazed, sated-looking smile.
“Wow.”
He arched a dark eyebrow. “Wow?”
Her smile morphed into a grin. “Triple wow.”
“You’re usually more articulate, Miss Hamilton.”
She groaned, which made him chuckle. “Sorry. Tired. But you know what I mean.”
“I do, and I wholeheartedly concur.”
“Glad,” she murmured before she brought his head down and kissed him. “So glad.”
He took her with him as he rolled onto his side, cradling her against his chest, entangling their limbs, inhaling her scent. He held her to his still-racing heart and stroked her from shoulder to hip.
Emma exhaled a warm breath across his throat and curled into him, sighing, “Love … you … David Winslow.”
His arms tightened around her. Although he pressed a kiss to the top of her head, he said nothing. Soon after, her breathing slowed and she drifted into a deep sleep.
Convinced that Emma’s feelings for him had been shaped by the circumstances of their imprisonment, David kept his own emotions under wraps. That he’d fallen in love with her wasn’t even the point. Neither one of them could predict how she would feel once they were free, when she wasn’t emotionally linked to him out of necessity thanks to a situation over which she’d possessed no control. That, unfortunately, was the point – at least as far as he was concerned.
He held Emma as she slept, unable to let down his guard as long as she remained in jeopardy. He intended to get her to the Canadian Embassy as soon as was humanly possible. Above all else he wanted her safe, and he didn’t give a damn about what he might need to do in order to achieve that goal.



CHAPTER 8


SPRAWLED ON her back, Emma jerked awake. She struggled to free herself from the hands that restrained her. She fought now, just as she’d fought those cruel hands in her nightmare.
“… you’re safe, Emma. Relax.”
The reassuring voice finally reached her. She shuddered and opened her eyes to David’s worried gaze. Drawing in a steadying breath, she nodded as the tension slowly eased from her body. “Sorry. Nightmare. I … couldn’t … get free …” she gasped.
He gathered her close. “I understand.”
Emma nodded, her respiration slowing. “I know you do. I really am sorry.”
“Don’t apologize.” His warm lips whispered up the side of her neck and paused at a sensitive spot just below her ear. She smiled as fiery streamers of sensation unfurled within her. She very nearly purred a few moments later when her nipples tightened into beads of acute sensitivity.
“Lovely,” she murmured as she turned, rolled into him, aligning her body to his, and lifted her hand to his cheek. “Am I dreaming?”
“No, you’re not dreaming. And neither am I, thank God.” He smiled.
Frowning, she trailed the tips of her fingers down the side of his beard-stubbled face. “You look tired. You didn’t sleep, did you?”
He shrugged. “Not important.”
“I don’t agree.”
“I’ll get some rest, Emma, but not quite yet.”
She reached up, slid her hand across his shoulder to the back of his neck, and felt the muscles that bunched beneath her fingertips. “You’re tense. What did I sleep through? Has something happened?”
“The neighbors on both sides of us are back.”
She paled at that news. “When?”
“A few hours ago.”
How long, she couldn’t help wondering, had she been asleep? “What time is it now?”
“Late afternoon, probably around four or four-thirty. I’m not exactly sure.”
She glanced across the room at the drapery covered windows, registering the glow of daylight beneath the bottom edge of the hemmed fabric. “I slept all day?”
He nodded. “Amazing, isn’t it, what a decent bed can do for you when you’re running on empty?” His hand settled on her hip, fingertips lightly stroking.
The consuming silence finally occurred to her. “It’s so quiet. No bombs exploding, and no one is shooting guns into the sky.”
“It’s been that way for about an hour,” David said. “Things won’t crank up around here until dusk. Once it’s dark and all of the crazies emerge from their asylums, it’s game-on, though.”
Emma felt chilled by their circumstances despite the warmth of David’s body. “What an insane way to live.”
“Or to die.”
“Let’s change the subject. Will you rest for a while if I promise not to fall asleep?” She pressed her lips to the pulse throbbing at the base of his throat.
His hand tightened on her hip, his already heavy shaft hardening even more against her lower abdomen.
“Will you?” she pressed, worry in those two words despite the desire winnowing its way into her bloodstream.
He nodded before admitting, “I’ll need to for at least an hour or two, since I don’t have two alert brain cells left to rub together right now. We can’t leave here for several more hours, so there’s plenty of time for me to grab some shut-eye.”
“We’re going to lose ourselves in the darkness once we leave here.” She wasn’t asking. Instead, she’d just stated her understanding of how they would manage the final leg of their journey to the Canadian Embassy.
He closed his arms around her, drew her close, and rolled onto his back. “Precisely, Ms. Hamilton.”
Perched astride him, Emma smiled as she straightened. She took his hands, drew them up to breasts, and pressed his palms to their fullness. “Brilliant plan, Major Winslow,” she half-whispered, half-moaned.
He flicked his thumbs back and forth across her nipples, sending arrows of pleasure darting to every region of her body. She gave him no opportunity to speak. Instead, she curled over him and found his lips.
David’s hungry, open-mouthed response ignited her senses. She sank into the depths of his totally carnal kiss, and her nipples tingled as he continued to lavish attention upon them with clever fingers. She trembled with desire, gripping his shoulders as he plundered her mouth.
When he released her lips, he met her gaze. A lazy smile lifted the edges of his lips, and his heavily-lashed dark eyes spoke volumes about his desire for her.
“You need to sleep,” she whispered, on fire for him but aware that he should rest.
“I need you more,” he countered.
Emma felt the throbbing of his sex against the sultry entrance to her body. She bent her head and pressed a kiss to the fading bruise that marred his right shoulder. As he bracketed her hips with his hands, her lips glided to his collarbone, the tip of her tongue leaving a hot trail of sensation in its wake. At the pulse point at the base of his throat, she felt the pounding of his blood and she lingered there to lick at his skin.
She lifted her head some time later to look at him. His grip on her hips tightened. She sucked in a sharp breath when he shifted her into even more intimate contact with his hard, thick sex. His eyes darkened, hunger gleaming in their depths.
“You want me,” Emma breathed.
“Need and want … two sides of the same coin where you’re concerned.”
As if to prove the statement, he altered his position beneath her, making her moan with pleasure when the head of his cock pressed against her slick cleft. He paused then, poised to penetrate her body as she crouched over him. She shifted slightly, allowing him a few centimeters of connection. He held perfectly still, ceding control to her as they stared at each other.
She clutched his shoulders, knees pressed into the mattress and her long dark hair like a veil designed to shield their bodies from view. Her respiration, emerging now in short gasping pants, was the only sound in the room. She slowly sank downward, impaling herself on his hard flesh in a long glide until he filled her to overflowing.
His eyes fell closed and his head went back to expose the corded muscles of his throat. An inarticulate sound escaped him as her body relaxed around his shaft. She whispered his name on a shattered little sigh.
“Too much?” he asked in a hoarse voice.
“No.”
“Christ, you’re perfect, Emma.”
“No.”
He opened his eyes, clearly not expecting the challenge in her tone.
“We … are perfect … together.”
His lips quirked in amusement. “I stand corrected … ma’am.”
She grinned. “I couldn’t do this standing up if my life depended on it.”
“You never …” He groaned when he felt those glorious little muscles deep within her body tremble and tug at his sex. “ … know.”
Her eyes fell closed as he brought his hands up to frame her face. She felt his sudden possessiveness when he plunged his fingers into her disheveled dark mane and held her head still.
He met her surprised gaze, admitting, “I can’t keep my hands off you.”
“I can’t get enough of you, either.”
“You’re as sensual as I knew you’d be.”
Emma smiled, glad he felt that way. “I worried you might be disappointed.”
“Never. Not in a million years. You’re a natural.”
“Only with you.”
When he closed his eyes and tension suffused his body, she assumed he was simply responding to the intimate alignment of their bodies. His fingers, still massaging her scalp, unexpectedly flexed and then tightened. She traced his dark brows with her fingertips, unconsciously try to soothe him.
“I wouldn’t have made it without you these last weeks,” he said. “The isolation … and the beatings … were close to destroying my sanity.”
The rawness of his voice and the sudden shift in his mood startled her. Her fingers stilled, and she studied him. The grimace marring his rugged features assured her that he was remembering torture sessions with his interrogators.
“You gave me a reason to fight back,” he continued. “I’ll always appreciate what you did for me.”
“We helped each other,” Emma reminded him, surprised to find his apparent gratitude as distasteful as he’d found hers.
She wanted his love, but life had already taught her that real love could only be given as a gift. It couldn’t be forced. Not ever.
His fingers tightened against her scalp once again. Emma couldn’t ignore the tension coursing through him. She sensed he’d suppressed his own anxiety in order to help her through the last three weeks, and she suspected that he might now be grappling with some form of delayed shock.
“David?”
He looked at her, a bleak expression on his face.
“We’ll heal each other, just as we helped each other. With us, it’s all about instinct. Trust us. Trust our instincts. Please.”
Emma kneaded his temples with gentle fingertips. She felt his grip on her ease, but the anguish lingered in the depths of his eyes as he gazed at a spot somewhere beyond her shoulder. Nothing could have prepared her for the gritty edge to his voice when he spoke a few minutes later.
“I need you to love me, Emma. I can’t stop thinking about the last three months. My mind won’t let me shut it off.” He blinked, refocusing on her. “It’s my turn to ask you to make the world go away, even if it’s just for a little while.”
Swallowing the tears that threatened to choke her, Emma slowly leaned forward. David’s hands glided unsteadily over her shoulders and then down her back before pausing at her hips. Though she’d never loved anyone as much as she loved him at this moment, it suddenly didn’t matter that he might not love her in return. His need trumped all else.
She captured his lower lip with gentle teeth, stroking its width with the tip of her tongue before initiating darting forays into his mouth. His fingers dug into her flesh as he gripped her. His sex, still sheathed deep within her, surged and pulsed with strength.
David trembled beneath her caress, and a new kind of tension began to seep into his body. His hands moved constantly, and his calloused fingertips ignited sparks of sensation everywhere he touched her.
She nipped at his lower lip before venturing beyond to sample the taste and heat of him. She sucked at his tongue even as she silently vowed that she would use her love for him as a healing balm.
Love and desire guided her as she savored David’s unique taste and explored the varying textures of his mouth. In truth, she felt as though she’d been hurled into the center of a raging storm. Breathless and thoroughly aroused, she undulated against him and hungrily devoured his mouth.
She eventually relinquished his lips to move like hot satin down his muscular torso. Although he protested when she eased free of his penetration, she made up for it by teasing, tantalizing, and then dazzling him with her mouth and hands until she reached his aroused sex.
Despite her inexperience, Emma trusted her instincts, her compelling need to give pleasure to him. She registered his startled groan as she closed her mouth around the head of his shaft, and she proceeded to reduce his world to blurred sensations, tingling nerve endings, and sensual cravings. And just as she’d given him the gift of her love, she gave of herself, without restraint, without concern for her own needs, and without conditions.
Emma eventually retraced the route of her consuming caresses as she moved back up David’s shaking body. She made the journey at a leisurely pace, lingering to press a gentle kiss to a fading bruise along the edge of his ribs, pausing to drag the tip of her tongue over a flat male nipple.
She shifted atop him once more, hips poised above his pulsing sex, breasts plumped against his broad chest. About to reclaim his lips with her own, she gasped when he closed his hands around her waist and moved her all the way forward until she straddled his shoulders in a low crouch.
As he clasped her parted thighs, her startled gaze dropped down to his face. The fire burning in his eyes froze her in place and kept her from protesting.
She trembled as he smoothed his fingertips up the silken skin of her inner thighs, his intent clear when he glanced at her and then very deliberately stroked the moist, swollen cleft of her body with the tip of his tongue. She jolted with shock, her eyes falling closed as she moaned her pleasure.
Gently insistent masculine hands urged her even closer. Emma couldn’t resist. Tremors of sweet sensation swept up her thighs and into her abdomen, her body clenching and unclenching in anticipation. A new, enthralling kind of hunger swept over her.
“David?”
“Trust me, babe,” he whispered.
“I do.”
He settled his mouth over her sex, returning the intimate kisses she’d bestowed upon him only minutes earlier.
Emma felt certain she might eventually die of the pleasure, but she no longer cared. She felt her senses expand with each erotic, exotic caress. When his tongue darted deeper into her body, she groaned.
David became the center of her universe. He thrilled her with a diligent tongue that rasped over her responsive flesh and hands that stroked and massaged her thighs and hips.
Not even her wildest fantasies could have prepared her for David’s sensual assault. He skimmed his fingertips up her body and closed his hands over her breasts, then simultaneously sipped at sensitive flesh and plucked her nipples into even tighter pebbles of desire that arrowed deep into her core.
She swayed suddenly, air shuddering in and out of her lungs as a climax rippled through her. She fought to remain balanced above him as he prolonged her orgasm. Finally, David guided her down to the bed, tucked her beneath him, and knelt between her parted thighs.
He paused then, his smoldering gaze sweeping over her face and breasts. Quivering with need, Emma wondered if she saw love shining in his eyes.
Determined to have his strength within her, she gripped his hips, drew him nearer, and discovered that he needed little urging. She buried her face in the curve of his shoulder, a scream of relief lodged in her throat as he thrust into her body.
Slipping his arms around her, he brought her up against his broad chest and surged even more deeply into her. Emma’s breath caught and then gushed out of her in a rush of pleasure. She sensed that in burying himself in the clasp of her body, David was relinquishing some of the desperate emotions of the preceding months in favor of a sensory journey of healing love.
Their pace soon matched the frantic cadence of their racing hearts. Emma splintered, spasming deep inside as a startled cry spilled out of her. David drank it in, along with her obvious pleasure. Once again, she came apart within the safety of his embrace, clinging to him and too breathless to speak. He followed her into his own sensory oblivion, plunging deeply until a choked, almost agonized sounding groan escaped him. He stiffened as pleasure slammed into him in a series of stunning, sensation-filled waves.
They held onto each other as aftershocks rocked their still-joined bodies. It took time, but their respiration eventually slowed to normal.
Emma placed a stilling hand on his shoulder a short while later when he began to shift away from her. “Stay with me.”
He snugged her against his sweat-drenched body and rolled them onto their sides. “I don’t want to crush you.”
She smiled at his concern, her lips curving against his throat. “Never happen.”
When he peered down at her, she felt a renewed sense of peace flowing through him.
“You’re amazing, Emma.”
She pressed her cheek to his chest, needing to hold reality at bay for just a little while longer. “Nothing like that’s ever happened to me before. It was everything you said it would be, and then even more.”
He eased back a few inches and tipped her chin up with his fingertips so that he could see her face. “I've never known anyone like you.”
“That makes us even.”
“It makes us lucky.”
She smiled again, still shaken. Her eyes sparkled with unshed tears. “More than lucky.”
“Much more.” Lifting her hand, he brought it to his lips, pressed his mouth to her palm, and stroked the center with the tip of his tongue.
Emma released a shaken breath. Even his most playful touch aroused her. She curved her hand against the side of his face. “Rest for a while, why don’t you? It’s my turn to watch over you while you sleep.”
He smiled, his fatigue still evident.
She planted a quick little kiss on his lips before she pulled herself up to a seated position beside him. “No arguments, Major. You’ll be useless later if you don’t sleep now.”
He gave her a casual salute before rolling onto his back. “Yes, ma’am.” David slanted a glance in her direction, as if poised to speak as he studied her.
“What?” she whispered.
“Thank you … for being you.”
Emma nodded before she glanced away, restraining the impulse to tell him how deeply she loved him. This wasn’t the time, but she wondered if there would ever be a right time. She rubbed her forehead with her fingertips, uncertainty gnawing at her and eroding a small portion of the joy she’d found in his arms.
He reached out to trail his fingertips up and down her back. “Why so pensive all of a sudden?”
Forcing herself to smile, she managed a bright-eyed look. “Just planning my wardrobe for tonight’s expedition.”
When he frowned, Emma realized he was too familiar with her to accept such a superficial explanation.
“You aren’t telling me the truth. Why?”
“I’m nervous about tonight, that’s all.” She hadn’t lied, but hadn’t told him the entire truth, which made it even more difficult for her to look at him.
His expression gentled. “We’ll make it.”
She caught his hand after he ran his fingers across her shoulder and down the high slope of her breast. After lacing their fingers together, she nodded and pressed the back of his hand against her cheek. “Sleep,” she whispered. “I’ll wake you in a few hours.”

* * *

After donning the clean abaya and burqa she’d found in Mary’s bureau over her own now washed clothing, Emma adjusted the headpiece so that only her eyes were visible. She gave herself a critical once over as she stood before the mirror and made a few small adjustments. All in all, she was pleased that the garments fit her so well.
She hoped she’d be taken as just another native woman making her way through the streets of the war-torn capital city, in spite of her bright blue eyes. “So I’ll keep my eyes downcast or I’ll squint a lot,” she muttered to herself. “I’ll just be extra careful.”
David walked into the bedroom a few minutes later. He paused behind Emma. She studied his reflection in the mirror with the help of the flickering light of a nearby candle. Tall, rugged, and too sexy for words, he wore makeshift attire that made him resemble a rogue Middle East sheik. The fact that his hair had grown long enough during captivity to curl at his neck and tumble haphazardly across his forehead helped, too. A traditional Marine Corps haircut would have signaled David’s identity to the locals in short order.
Turning to face him, she carefully inspected the length of yard goods she’d arranged on him and pinned into place to conceal his flight suit and boots. Since Mary Winthrop was single and didn’t have any masculine native clothing in her closet, they’d been forced to improvise with a bolt of cream linen fabric they’d found in her sewing room.
“You’ll have to be careful when you walk,” she noted as she circled around him. “All those zippered and velcroed pockets on the arms and legs of your flight suit might show.” She frowned. “I just wish I’d been able to fashion something to cover your head.”
David curved his hands over her shoulders and drew her against his body. “No one’s going to be checking out my wardrobe. We’ll be on the move until we reach the Canadian Embassy, and my flight suit doesn’t smell as rancid as it did since you scrubbed it while I was asleep. Did I remember to thank you?”
“You did.” She exhaled, the sound an echo of the apprehension she felt.
He hugged her then. “Relax, Emma.”
“Sorry, I’m just nervous. We were lucky last night.”
“Our luck will hold. All the usual chaos is going on outside. These people are too busy trying to bomb each other back to the Stone Age to pay much attention to us. Our real challenge is not getting caught in the crossfire.”
She forced herself to step back, square her shoulders, and smile up at him. What she really wanted to do was find a cave on the other side of the planet and hide there in the safety of his arms until the world became a more peaceful place.
“I’ll be alright once we’re on our way. Waiting is the difficult part.”
David winked at her. “We’ll head out in a few minutes. Did you leave a note for your friend, just in case she’s not at the embassy when we get there?”
Emma nodded. “I tucked it into the cookie jar.” She grinned at his startled expression, some of her tension easing. “Trust me. That’s how we left messages for each other when we were in college.”
He cupped her face with his hand, the tenderness in his eyes making her heart lurch. “I trust you. You’re the only person I do trust.”
In spite of her promise to herself to remain strong, she asked, “We’re going to make it, aren’t we, David?”
“Or die trying,” he ground out.
Emma flinched. David didn’t seem to want to acknowledge her reaction. Instead, he slipped his arm around her shoulder, collected the candle she’d used while dressing, and nudged her in the direction of the front room.
Unwilling to avoid the truth any longer, Emma eased free of David when they reached the living room. “Whatever happens to us tonight, I want you to know that the last three weeks with you have meant everything to me.”
He stepped forward, but he hesitated when she stayed his advance with an upraised hand. “Please, let me finish. I really need to say this before we leave.”
His expression unreadable, David nodded. He remained motionless less than two feet from where Emma now stood.
She studied her clasped hands as she spoke. “You’re everything to me, David. Your strength and your courage, not to mention the advice you gave me that first week at the prison, have helped me more than you’ll ever know. You’ve also been very tender and more sensitive to my needs than the man I almost married.” Unable to look at him until now, she lifted her gaze and whispered her truth. “I’m in love with you, David, and even if you walk away from me once we’ve made it home, I will always love you.”
He seized her and jerked her against his chest, his usual gentleness absent. “I love you, too.”
He kissed her then, a kiss so powerful that Emma felt the impact of it like an electrical shock to her body. When David finally released her, she realized that, whatever happened in the hours ahead, she felt more alive now than she had at any other time in her life.
“Let’s go home, babe.”
Smiling through the tears flooding her eyes, Emma nodded. Once again they faced the unknown. Hand in hand as they departed Mary Winthrop’s home, they slipped silently into the chaos of the night.



CHAPTER 9


DESPITE THE relentless air-raid sirens, the wailing women and weeping children seeking shelter from exploding bombs, and the men armed with portable rocket launchers who seemed to be stationed on every street corner of the darkened city, Emma and David managed to blend in.
He kept a tight grip on her hand as they dodged roving bands of guerilla fighters. He feared that a grenade or a rocket explosion might kill them both, but he knew they had no choice but to take the risk of seeking refuge at the Canadian Embassy. His only worry was that they might be turned away until the dawn broke and embassy office hours began, and he doubted that either one of them would survive if that happened. Shifting political fortunes and poverty could easily prompt a local to report their presence.
They periodically hid in abandoned buildings, holding onto each other in the darkness as they waited for lulls in the street fighting. Well after midnight Emma and David arrived at the gates of the Canadian Embassy.
Greeted with understandable suspicion by the guards at the compound, David identified himself as an American military officer, and he refused their repeated attempts to turn them away. Emma’s tension escalated when her claim that she was a friend of an embassy employee was ignored.
David finally persuaded the uniformed men to summon the duty security officer, who turned out to be a balding, middle-aged fellow with a British accent. The man blinked in surprise when he spotted them. He quickly authorized their entry into the compound and hustled them into the interior of the embassy’s main building.
“Even though you’re both down a few pounds, I recognize you from the photos your State Department people forwarded to us,” Mr. Winston remarked with a casualness that implied missing Americans routinely showed up on his doorstep.
“Missing, but not forgotten,” David said with some satisfaction. He kept Emma in the circle of his arm as they crossed the deserted foyer of the sprawling first floor of the embassy, the street fighting beyond the embassy compound now a muted reminder of the two hours it had taken them to travel less than a mile in the war-torn city.
Winston nodded to David, his expression sober. “We’ve had heavy message traffic on you both, Major,” he explained as he led the way to an upstairs suite. Throwing open the double doors, he stepped aside and waved them inside. “Make yourselves comfortable while I inform the ambassador of your arrival. He won’t believe you’re alive until he sees you for himself.”
He turned to Emma, smiling kindly as he gave her an appraising once-over. “You’ll both find clean clothing in the bedroom closets and toiletries in the bathrooms. Help yourselves to anything you need. And if you require medical attention, we have a physician on staff.”
Shedding his disguise on a nearby chair, David felt nothing but relief to have Emma inside the relative safety of the embassy. The relationship between the United States and Canada, he knew, remained a strong one. Numerous Americans trapped in the Middle East during times of conflict had survived thanks solely to Canadian generosity and cleverness.
David kept a close watch on Emma, his worry over her state of mind momentarily displacing his concerns about how they would actually exit the country without detection by the secret police and various other government entities.
Drained by the latest leg of their journey to freedom, Emma jerked off her abaya and burqa, adding the garments to the pile David had started. She sidestepped him when he reached for her, barely registering the distress that flared in his eyes at being rebuffed.
Wandering aimlessly around the spacious sitting room, she paused briefly to slide her fingertips across the surface of an oak library table. She sighed audibly before moving on to examine a bouquet of fresh flowers on a coffee table that separated two gray linen-covered couches.
To David she appeared dangerously pale, almost fragile. Her silence distressed him, and her expression, as well as her trembling, hinted that she was remembering the violence they’d witnessed in the streets and experienced in the prison.
He doubted that either one of them would ever forget what they’d seen or endured, but he reminded himself that, as time passed, the memories would fade. He prayed he was right, especially where Emma was concerned.
As he studied her, he absently noted that the weight she’d lost in recent weeks only served to emphasize her slim-limbed frame, the delicacy of her bone structure, and the smudged shadows of fatigue and lingering fear beneath her eyes. He allowed himself the luxury of visually skimming the flaring width of her hips, her miniscule waist, and the generous shape of her breasts.
He knew this woman intimately, and yet he experienced a sudden yearning within his heart to know her with even greater intimacy. He wanted the knowledge of her first thoughts each morning and her final thoughts each night before she drifted off to sleep in his arms. He also wanted time to learn all of the facets of her personality — what made her cry, what she considered tedious, and what made her happy. He wanted to see once again the sensual smile he’d glimpsed when they’d made love. He also craved the healing passion of her embrace and the mind-shattering pleasure of sinking into the hot, wet depths of her body. Most of all, he wanted the love she’d voiced to last ten lifetimes.
David felt his body’s reaction to his fantasies, and he consciously put the brakes on his rising need. Approaching Emma, he stopped her restless pacing by stepping into her path and forcing her to acknowledge his presence. “Relax, babe. We’re halfway home.”
She stared up at him, face pale, blue eyes looking dazed. She dug her fingers into his biceps, and her voice quivered as she spoke. “Will they really be able to get us out of here? We can’t go back to that prison. They’ll execute us if we’re taken back there.”
David quickly gathered her against his body. “If the Canadians can’t get us out, we’ll find another way. I promise.”
She turned her face into the curve that joined his broad shoulder and strong neck, her arms snaking around his waist. “I feel like I’m on the verge of screaming my lungs out, and I can’t stop shaking.”
“You’ve held in your fear too long. It was bound to come out eventually. You’re just reacting to what we’ve been through tonight. We’ll survive this together, so scream or cry or kick something. Do whatever you need to do, because when you’re finished, I’ll still be here with you. I’m not going anywhere without you.”
Tears filled her eyes and fell like hot summer rain, wetting his neck and shoulder as he held and comforted her with all of the tenderness and love he felt for her.
David heard footsteps, but he didn’t release Emma. Glancing up, he spotted the senior embassy security officer. The man paused in the open doorway, his expression compassionate as he took in the scene before him.
“You’re in luck,” he said quietly. “Our weekly supply plane arrives tomorrow morning. My people are working out a way to get you two on it without anyone being the wiser. Ambassador Highgate will be down shortly to greet you.” He closed the door once David nodded in response to his news.
Alone again, David guided Emma to one of the couches. He tugged her down beside him and held her against the hard wall of his chest.
“I will never get used to the violence people are capable of inflicting on each other,” she admitted as she swiped at her tears. “Did you see all those poor children and the terror etched into their little faces?” She broke off, unable to continue.
Her pain-riddled voice increased the ache in his heart. He rested his chin atop her head, gently running his hands up and down her arms in an effort to soothe her. Sensing she had more to say, he waited.
“I’m shocked we’ve made it this far.”
He eased her onto his lap and encircled her with his arms. His own anxiety had nearly eaten him alive during the previous twenty-four hours. Like Emma, he was amazed that their luck hadn’t run out yet.
As for the violence they’d witnessed and the cruelty they’d endured, the warrior in him couldn’t muster any surprise. Good and evil existed, and episodes of inexplicable inhumanity occurred across the globe on a daily basis.
“David?”
He glanced down at her upturned face. Wide-eyed, lashes still damp from her tears, and dangerously pale, she stared at him. He ignored the faint warning of his conscience, lowered his head, and settled his mouth over hers. His emotions burst out of him like a runaway freight train, and he claimed her mouth, plunging his tongue into its depths.
Emma arched into him, too hungry for him not to respond with equally fervent passion. With a throaty moan she abandoned herself to his seductive assault even as she derived comfort within his fierce embrace. A rough brand of sensuality tinged their appetites for each other, making them breathless, reducing them to quivering nerve endings and the most basic instincts.
Several minutes passed before they heard a firm knock on the door of the suite. Protected from view by David’s large frame, Emma shuddered and sagged against him. He held her, allowing them both time to pull themselves together before they faced their unexpected audience.
They reluctantly eased apart. Emma gave David a faintly wry smile. Despite the desire still flaring in his body, he was beyond being embarrassed. At the moment he cared little about what anyone thought of him. His sole concern – securing safe passage out of the Middle East for Emma.
He reluctantly stood, crossed the room, and pulled open the door. A pleasant-looking man in his mid-sixties stood there. David stepped aside to allow him entry.
“Major Winslow, Miss Hamilton, welcome to Canadian soil, despite the limited borders of this particular piece of real estate. I’m Ambassador Highgate,” the man said, shaking hands with David once he entered the suite’s parlor. “First, let me assure you both that you’ll be safe here. I must say, it’s a relief to see that you’re alive and in fairly good health. We only recently learned that you were being held in the same prison cellblock.”
“You have excellent informants, Mr. Ambassador.” David sat back down beside a subdued Emma. Reclaiming her hand, he was relieved to discover that she’d stopped shaking. “We appreciate your hospitality, sir.” He waited for the ambassador, a gray-haired, pipe-smoking gentleman clad in silk pajamas, smoking jacket, and leather slippers, to settle comfortably on the opposite couch before he prompted, “Your security officer mentioned message traffic.”
The ambassador nodded. “All very secure, I assure you. Once we confirmed that you and Miss Hamilton were still alive, we immediately notified your State Department. We’ve been in constant touch with them for the last few weeks.”
The older man leaned forward and tapped the contents of his pipe into a crystal ashtray. “We knew, of course, about your last mission, Major. The American, Canadian, and European media people haven’t let the story die, especially since reconnaissance missions were, and still are, legitimate features of the U.N.’s cease-fire agreement, but it wasn’t until Miss Hamilton was placed in your cellblock that one of our more reliable information sources identified your precise location and reported back to us.”
“We weren’t certain that anyone even knew where we were,” Emma remarked. A thought occurred to her, so she voiced it. “An elderly man working in the prison kitchen gave me two oranges several days ago.”
He smiled benignly at her. “Certain diplomatic sources, which will have to remain unnamed to ensure their safety, assured us that Major Winslow was still alive, although we were routinely denied an opportunity to see him on behalf of our American colleagues. We conveyed what little we knew to the appropriate officials in Washington on a regular basis, but our inability to verify your physical well-being, Major, left us very concerned and at a distinct disadvantage.”
“They could have executed me right away,” David said bluntly. “Fortunately they considered me an interesting diversion and kept me around for their amusement.”
The ambassador clearly understood his meaning, but he was tactful enough to refrain from further comment. Instead, he turned his attention to Emma. “And you, Miss Hamilton. You were missed almost immediately. First by our Miss Winthrop, who said you failed to attend a dinner engagement, and then by the Child Feed authorities in Europe and in America, your family, the U.S. State Department, and representatives of the United Nations, who’ve all been lobbying for access to you by the Red Cross since you went missing. It took us a few days and several bribes, but we finally established that you’d been detained by the secret police because of your lack of proper travel documents. We concluded that you’d probably been robbed and were attempting to make your way to safety. Unfortunately, we were also denied an opportunity for a face-to-face visit with you.”
Emma nodded. “That’s pretty much what happened. You obviously tried to help us, Ambassador Highgate, so please don’t apologize. It’s a relief to know that someone was trying to ascertain our situations, especially since we don’t have an embassy here.”
“Well, you’re out of that miserable place now.” He pushed up to his feet, cradling his pipe in the palm of his hand. “You must be exhausted, my dear.”
“We both are,” she admitted. “Would it be possible for me to speak with Mary?”
“I’m afraid that Miss Winthrop is absent from the embassy at present. She took home leave to be with her father, but she was very concerned about you and asked me to keep an eye out for you.”
Emma straightened in alarm. “He didn’t have another heart attack, did he?”
The ambassador didn’t try to conceal his surprise. “You do know our Mary and her family quite well, don’t you?”
Emma nodded. “We’ve been friends since college.”
“Mary’s father is getting a pacemaker. Tomorrow, I believe. It seems he’s finally strong enough to undergo the surgery.”
Emma sagged with obvious relief. “David and I hid in her house today. I left her a note. She’ll know where to look for it when she returns.”
The ambassador walked around the long, low coffee table that separated him from David and Emma. They stood, too.
“Since the secret police rarely release their prisoners except, of course, in a casket, I’m left to assume that you engineered your own escape. Care to tell me how you managed it, or would you prefer to wait for a debriefing by your own people?”
David smiled the satisfied smile of a man who’d survived in spite of staggering odds. “It was nothing more than an accident of fate, sir. Someone blew out the wall in our cellblock during a rocket attack about twenty-four hours ago. We took off, and we’ve been on the run ever since.”
Ambassador Highgate shook his head in wonder. David concluded by his expression that, had they been caught, they would have faced a firing squad or a public beheading televised by Al-Jazeera.
“Amazing! As I indicated, we repeatedly attempted to gain access to you both via diplomatic channels. Storming the prison wasn’t an option, I’m afraid, although there was some indication — rather an oblique indication, I might add — that one of your covert military teams was preparing to try to extract you, Major.”
David nodded. He’d prayed that such an attempt would be made on his behalf. Despite the fact that the mission hadn’t occurred, he still appreciated the fact that he hadn’t been abandoned or forgotten.
“What about our families?” Emma asked. “Can we let them know we’re all right?”
“Not a good idea, my dear, at least not right now. There’s always the risk that information about you could leak, no matter how secure our communications system might be. If that were to happen, then you’d compromise my staff and you could easily find yourselves permanent residents of the embassy. Until cooler heads prevail in the government and the current dictator is ousted, a siege mentality prevails in this country. It wouldn’t do for you to be trapped here indefinitely.”
David squeezed Emma’s hand and glanced down at her. “Patience, babe.”
She smiled for the first time that night, aware that her eagerness to be free had momentarily eclipsed the reality of their situation.
“Your State Department and military will handle notification of your families,” the ambassador continued. “My people will focus on getting you two out of the country at the earliest possible moment, which will probably be tomorrow morning, if Mr. Winston, our security officer, has his way. He was once with British Intelligence, so you can probably imagine some of the clandestine tricks he’s got up his sleeve for occasions such as this one.”
Emma smothered a yawn as she leaned against David. The ambassador appeared sympathetic to her obvious fatigue.
“Why don’t you get some rest, Miss Hamilton? One of my aides will arrive shortly with refreshments for you, as I’m certain your meals haven’t been of a sumptuous nature in recent weeks.” Gesturing with a free hand, he explained, “This is the parlor for a two-bedroom suite. Each bedroom has a private bath. If you need medical attention, we have a physician and a nurse on staff, and your laundry can be seen to while you rest.”
“Thank you, Ambassador Highgate, for everything.” Emma stepped forward. “All I really need is a long soak in a hot tub and some sleep. I’m afraid the stress of dodging bullets has worn me out.”
“Certainly, my dear.” He took her extended hand, his manner reflecting the courtliness of a by-gone era as he gently patted it. “You’ve obviously been very courageous throughout your ordeal. If you were my daughter, I know I’d be enormously proud of you.”
She flushed, thinking that any courage she possessed had come from David. She glanced at the man who dominated both her heart and her thoughts.
The ambassador turned to David. “Major, I’ll need to speak with you privately before you retire. Your State Department will require certain verification information, as I’m certain you already realize. After that, your time is your own until Mr. Winston is ready for you tomorrow morning.”
“Certainly, sir.” David hugged Emma and promised quietly, “I’ll be back soon.”
She nodded, flashed a parting smile at the ambassador, and made her way to the bedroom. She closed the door behind her and sank back against it. Looking around the finely-appointed room, she couldn’t help comparing it to the filthy cell she’d recently occupied. Emma shivered, cast aside the memory, and headed for the bathroom.

* * *

David found Emma in bed after he finished his conversation with the ambassador and the embassy security officer. He stood at the end of the bed, his heart bumping erratically in his chest as he surveyed her in repose. Naked and sprawled on her back, her long black hair framed her face and tumbled across her pillow.
Leaning down, David ran his fingertips up the length of her exposed leg. She stirred, but she didn’t awaken. When he pressed a light kiss to her forehead, she moaned and whispered his name. Instead of sinking down beside her, he forced himself to step back from the bed and the temptation she posed.
He knew she needed to sleep, almost as much as he needed to feel her avid mouth and tender touch skimming over his body, lingering here to tantalize, pausing there to torment. Shaken by the depth of his hunger for her, David abruptly turned away and strode into the bathroom.
Stripping down to his skin, he stepped under the needle-sharp spray of a hot shower. He stood there until the muscles in his body began to relax and the hunger he felt for Emma eased to something approaching a manageable level. And all the while he repeatedly reminded himself that he owed them both time to think, time to be certain that being together once they returned to their respective lives was what they both really wanted.
After placing their soiled clothes outside the bedroom door, David extinguished the bedside lamp Emma had left on for him and joined her. He drew her into his arms and pulled a quilt over their bodies.
He held her, absently noting the sound of air-raid sirens in the distance and trying not to think of the next leg of their journey to freedom. If successful, it would end with their parting.

***

Emma jerked awake to the sound of someone knocking on the bedroom door. David’s arm, resting across her midriff, tightened protectively around her. A moment later, he lifted his tousled head and looked at Emma.
“Someone’s at the door,” she whispered.
He grunted and forced himself out of the bed. Snagging the towel he’d abandoned the night before, he secured it at his hips, crossed the room, and yanked open the door. Emma tugged the covers up to her chin and listened.
“You’ve got an hour and a half to dress and eat,” Winston told David. “Canadian travel documents required to depart the country have been prepared for you. Read the documents and memorize the highlights. The ambassador’s barber will give you a trim, Major, and there are several wigs in the closet in the other bedroom for Miss Hamilton. Tell her to select the auburn bob so that it will match her documents.”
“Then we’re leaving in the open?” David asked as he accepted a batch of papers from the security officer.
Winston nodded. “The less subterfuge, the better, hence, exfil in the open. The airport guards, security police, and immigration officials are less likely to challenge you that way. Any questions?”
“None. We’ll be ready.”
Emma watched the two men shake hands. She wondered if they would ever see Mr. Winston again, but she doubted it. She sensed that he was the kind of man who preferred to remain in the shadows.
David closed the door and turned to Emma as she drew herself up into a seated position against the headboard. The rumpled sheets had snagged at her hips, and the sight of her full, pink-tipped breasts and sleek belly almost made him groan aloud.
He glanced down at the top page of the sheaf of documents he held. “Feel like pretending to be Charlotte Truesdale from Toronto today?”
“I’ll pretend to be a rabbit popping out of a magician’s hat if it’ll get us home.” She flipped back the covers and scooted across the bed.
Moving quickly, she exposed those long, shapely legs he adored – legs that he immediately imagined parting and encircling his hips even as he sank into the tight wet heat of her body. With tremendous effort he again redirected his gaze to the documents he held while Emma strolled naked into the bathroom.
He shaved before spending five minutes with the barber, who gave him a quick trim. For her part, Emma hurriedly showered. David took his turn in the shower while she applied light make-up, plaited her hair and pinned the braids into a coronet, and then donned the auburn wig. Both were quiet as she slipped into a simple gray silk dress and low pumps, and he dressed in a conservative suit, crisp white shirt, dark tie, and highly-polished dress shoes.
David stored his flight suit and boots in the false bottom of a small suitcase he found in the closet. He added toiletries and miscellaneous items of casual clothing they’d used from the bureau in the bedroom before he zipped it closed.
When they stepped into the sitting room, breakfast awaited them in chafing dishes that had been arranged on the bar that separated the suite’s kitchenette from the dining table. Emma barely tasted her food, but she managed to drink a glass of orange juice and eat a small bowl of hot cereal while she perused the paperwork supplied by Mr. Winston.
David ate with the appetite of a condemned man consuming his last meal as he scanned his portion of the documents. She sensed that it would take more time for him to believe that he would eat regularly again. One of the hazards, she decided, of being imprisoned for several months and wondering if he would ever know freedom or a decent meal again.
“Are you ready?” David asked a little while later as they stood at the door of the suite.
Emma paled, but she squared her shoulders and met his gaze. “Yes.”
He dropped a hard kiss on her lips. “We’ll make it, Emma.”
She nodded, and then flashed him a quick, strained smile. “No other option, is there?”
He pulled open the door, slid his free arm around her shoulders, and guided her into the hallway. From there they descended a staircase to the central reception lobby of the embassy building. Both knew without discussing it that their departure from the Canadian Embassy would place them in harm’s way yet again.
Once their luggage was loaded into the trunk of an armor-plated limo from the embassy’s fleet of vehicles, they departed the compound with two other Canadian diplomats. Their deliberate visibility and conversational exchanges with their fellow passengers declared to any observer that they were simply visiting Canadian diplomats with nothing whatsoever to hide. In short, their successful flight from the country hinged upon their ability to bluff by giving the performances of a lifetime. The alternative: death by firing squad or globally televised beheadings.
Two members of Winston’s armed security team, the driver and the man riding shotgun in the front passenger seat, focused their attention on the crowded roadway, as well as on the embassy vehicle that preceded them and the one that followed in their wake. Hard-looking, vigilant men, neither one spoke as they wended their way out of the city.
On the advice of the ambassador, who’d wished them a safe trip after he’d shaken hands with David and accepted a hug of thanks from Emma, they performed their roles as mid-level diplomats. David gripped Emma’s hand throughout the journey to the airport.
Their role-playing continued as they entered the sprawling airport complex. They chatted with their fellow passengers through encounters with armed soldiers at various vehicle and document check-points, finally making their way into the international cargo terminal almost an hour later. It was an ear-splitting and congested building populated by a variety of nationalities, all of whom seemed inclined to speak at once.
Forty-five minutes later Emma could barely contain her shock that they’d outwitted the airport officials with their false papers and their pretense of membership in the Canadian diplomatic community. Sinking into one of several metal seats that lined opposite sides of the aircraft’s cargo hold, she buckled her seatbelt and exhaled a sigh of relief.
David joined her a few minutes later, quickly securing his seatbelt. She felt him settle back into his seat as the aircraft began to lumber down the runway. Glancing at him, she noticed the grim expression on his face and felt the tension still rolling off of him in waves. She didn’t question him, because she sensed that the true definition of freedom for him would be the airspace beyond the border of this hellhole of a country.
When David didn’t look at her or speak to her during the entire flight to an Israeli military base, Emma told herself it was because of the excessive noise of the cargo plane’s engines. She did attempt to engage him in conversation after they changed planes and boarded an American military aircraft dispatched to fly them to Germany, but he shook his head and remained unresponsive.
A lump of dread settled in her chest as the plane took off and eventually reached level flight. Without a word of warning, David unbuckled his safety belt and left his seat. He made his way to the cockpit to join the flight crew, abandoning her to the attentions of an enlisted man who supplied her with multiple cups of coffee, snacks, and a warm blanket.
Hurt and bewildered, Emma didn’t understand David’s withdrawal from her, which extended throughout the long flight. She felt unmoored, like a tiny piece of flotsam subjected to the vagaries of a turbulent sea. Even when he returned to sit beside her for their landing in Germany, he remained uncommunicative.
He silently escorted her from the airplane to a helicopter for the fifteen minute ride from Rhein Main Air Force Base to the American Hospital at Wiesbaden. She learned from the helicopter’s crew chief, a burly sergeant with kind eyes and a gruff manner, that it was the first destination of most American citizens, military and civilians alike, who’d been injured or held against their wills in the Middle East before transition to the United States.
She stared at David as he turned to her once the helicopter touched down on the grounds of the hospital. “Take care, babe. I’ll … I’ll see you.” His hungry gaze swept over her face – as though to memorize each and every feature – as though he might never see her again.
Even more alarmed now, she grabbed his arm as he began to move away from her. “What are you doing?”
He hesitated and then hunkered back down in front of her. Gripping her hands, he tightened his hold when she tried to free herself. “What’s best for you, Emma.”
“You haven’t said a word to me since we left the embassy. Was that best for me, too?”
He flinched. Then, he nodded.
The expression on his face was so bleak, Emma very nearly wept. “David, I don’t understand what’s going on, and it’s obvious you’re not willing to tell me. You’re making an impossible situation even worse, and I don’t know why. When your brain starts working again, you owe me an explanation.” She broke off then, unable to continue as a surfeit of emotions closed her throat.
He cupped her cheek with his broad palm, his thumb tracing the width of her lower lip. Tears swam in her brilliant blue eyes. He muttered a harsh word, withdrew his hand, and surged up to his feet. And then he turned away from her for the second time in as many minutes.
Too stunned to move, Emma watched him exit the helicopter, pause to salute the American flag rippling in the breeze on a nearby flagpole, and greet the cluster of Marine Corps officers waiting nearby.
She instinctively reached out to him as he walked away from her. She saw him stiffen and then pause in mid-stride. She held her breath, praying that he would turn around and come back to her. But he resumed that long-legged stride of his, spine stiff and hands fisted at his sides as he moved farther and farther away from her. Then, he disappeared from sight.
Her hand dropped into her lap. She sucked in a sharp breath, fighting to steady herself.
The frowning crew chief freed her from her shoulder harness, gently helped her to her feet, and patted her shoulder. “It’ll be alright, Miss.”
She met the man’s sympathetic gaze, her own still reflecting her shock. “I don’t think so.”
Despair lodged like a boulder in her chest. Emma wanted to scream herself hoarse and then pummel something with her fists. She did neither. Instead, she gathered her wits, summoned her pride, and jumped down from the helicopter with the crew chief’s assistance.
Waiting for her was a team composed of various medical personnel. An orderly hustled her into a wheelchair, despite her repeated assurances that she was perfectly capable of walking on her own. The man wheeled her into a state of the art medical facility, everyone around her chattering about her ordeal.
A physician informed her that she would undergo physical and psychological examinations before she left the hospital to resume her journey home. No one said a word about Major David Winslow of the United States Marine Corps. And with every surreal moment that passed, Emma struggled to understand why he had abandoned her.



CHAPTER 10


DESPITE A taxing day of travel, medical tests, an interview with the hospital’s psychologist, and a lengthy phone conversation with her parents, Emma couldn’t sleep. She slouched against the pillows plumped behind her, the covers drawn up to her waist, and she stared into the semi-darkness.
The quiet of Freedom Hall, the section of the hospital reserved for newly liberated Americans in transit to the United States, seemed deafening in contrast to the violent sounds she’d grown accustomed to during her imprisonment.
Emma loathed the isolation of her private hospital room. And she ached for David, which made her feel pathetic and stupid when she forced herself to recall his apparent change of heart now that they were free.
Emma reminded herself yet again that being free – of actually being able to resume her life – should have been enough of a blessing for her, but she knew she was lying to herself every time the thought crossed her mind. It wasn’t enough. It never would be. The feelings of grief that had built up inside of her throughout the day persisted, leaving her with a shattered heart and a distrust of her own instincts.
How could she have been so wrong about David? She sank lower onto the bed and closed her eyes, her mind racing a hundred miles a second as she tried to make sense of what had happened.
How, she wondered, could he have told her he loved her and then treated her with such casual disregard? After what they’d survived together, why had he retreated into himself and then walked away from her without even a backward glance? She closed her hands into fists, struggling not to surrender to the urge to wail like a wounded animal.
“Why? Someone please tell me why?” she whispered, hot tears seeping from her eyes. “I don’t … understand.”
Frustrated with herself, she swiped at her tears. She pressed a button on the bed’s control panel, wincing against the faint illumination provided by the light on the wall behind her bed. She lifted her hands to her temples and massaged the throbbing area with her fingertips. When the pain failed to abate, she decided to make her way to the nurse’s station down the hall and ask for some aspirin.
Straightening, she threw back the covers and slid to the edge of the bed, but she went perfectly still when the door to her room swung open.
David stood in the doorway.
The shock of his sudden appearance made her heart pound like a jackhammer. Emma remained poised on the edge of the bed, staring at him in disbelief.
He stepped into the room, shut and locked the door, and then moved toward her. He paused less than a foot away, his expression intent as he studied her. “How are you feeling?” he asked after a long minute of contemplation.
Her temper ignited, sarcasm and anger edging her voice when she spoke. “Terrific! Couldn’t be better, Major. But I’m not your problem any longer, so you can leave now.”
“You couldn’t be a problem even if you tried.”
She heard his fatigue, but she steeled herself against responding to it. “What do you want?”
“You.”
She blinked in surprise. “Why?”
“I need you.”
“And I needed you today,” she countered, “but you walked away from me without a word of explanation.”
“I know.”
Her anger faded when she heard the bleakness in those two words. “Why?” Her voice cracked, but she forced herself to continue. “Why, David?”
“Everything that’s happened …” He paused and gave her a searching look. “Everything that will happen…” He shook his head, seemingly unable to continue.
Emma felt an unexpected calm settle over her, and she couldn’t fathom why. “It’s a shock to be free, isn’t it?” she asked, the anger and hurt absent from her voice now.
He nodded.
She felt desperate to understand his state of mind. “The reality of it must have hit you like a ton of bricks.”
He blew out a hard breath. “Something like that.”
“So you’re wrestling with what’s happened, and you’re trying to come to terms with it,” she reasoned softly. “Is that why you pulled away? Is that why you wouldn’t talk to me?”
“That’s part of it,” he conceded.
Hope lurched to life inside of her. Don’t be a fool, a small voice in the back of her head advised. “We’ll both be alright, David, but only if we’re patient with ourselves and with each other. We can … share what we’ve … ”
He cut in. “I still need you.”
His admission nearly stopped her heart. She reached out, clasped his hands, and tugged him closer. Words failed her even as her emotions threatened to choke her.
“I’ll always need you, babe. That need won’t ever go away,” he confessed, that tender and all too familiar roughness back in his voice.
Emma stared up at him. Disengaging one of his hands, he lifted it and cupped her cheek. She covered his fingers with her own, turned her head, and brushed her lips across his palm.
“Forgive me?” he asked.
She held her breath for a long moment. Then, she nodded. The hand cradling her cheek trembled, and the remaining threads of hurt and resistance within her snapped. She wanted him as badly as he seemed to need her.
Now. It was all that mattered, she told herself. Now.
Whatever happened in the future, she would deal with it. Whatever the cost to herself, she would pay it.
With her gaze fixed on his rugged features, she tugged at the ties of her nightgown and peeled it from her body. David stripped out of his robe and pajama bottoms. Extending her arms, she welcomed him into her bed and her heart.
And although she briefly wondered how long he would remain with her, she set aside the thought and the worry it caused. Stay in the now, she cautioned herself. Do not think about anything but right now.
His hands shook as he drew her into the heat and power of his already aroused body. Emma sucked in a sharp breath, feeling scorched by their skin-to-skin contact.
“Love me, David,” she whispered.
“I do, Emma. God help me, I do.”
Sinking back against the pillows, she wrapped her arms around him in the same split second that she found his mouth. Eager to absorb him into her flesh and ravenous for his taste, she pressed frantic kisses to his chin and mouth before delving past his parted lips and teeth to drink in his essence.
She moaned, a throaty sound that sent a shudder through him – a shudder that she felt and absorbed. After frantically tangling her tongue with his, she sucked the tip between her teeth and worried it with tender bites.
Emma drew up her knees, her hips surging against the hard shaft trapped between their lower bodies. Her body became moist and pleading and painfully needy in her desperation to have him buried deep inside of her. He responded without hesitation, thrusting into her, withdrawing almost completely, and then thrusting even more deeply. All the while he caressed her breasts and teased her nipples to hard points of fire-filled desire.
Tightening spirals of sensation enveloped Emma, exploding like colorful starbursts. She expressed her pleasure with gasping little cries and clutching hands as a sensual storm consumed her.
David advanced and retreated, advanced and retreated. Again and again his invasion of her body possessed the power of a proclamation etched in granite as he claimed her for himself. Wildly aroused, Emma writhed beneath him, the emotional highs and lows she’d experienced that day and well into the night now set aside. Not forgotten, though, despite her best efforts to banish them from her mind.
Relentless in his quest to pleasure her, he increased his pace, driving her past coherent thought, beyond sanity, and then into the ecstasy of a stunning climax. She clung to him, breathless, heart racing, and her body quaking with reaction in the lingering aftershocks of fruition.
David soothed her with stroking fingertips and gentle kisses. Stunned by what she’d just experienced and lulled by his tenderness, Emma lay spent and trembling beneath him.
He unexpectedly shifted partway down her devastated body, startling her when he filled his hands with her still-tingling breasts. She groaned when he closed his mouth around one of her nipples and rolled the other one back and forth between his fingers. As she watched him, she realized that he hadn’t allowed himself to reach completion yet.
David stoked back to a roaring blaze the after-sparks of her first climax. She trembled beneath the sensual assault of his skilled hands and mouth, finally collapsing back against the pillows as her desire for him threatened to incinerate her.
Moaning, Emma savored each nip, each sucking pull, and each swipe of his tongue. He provoked a flood of searing sensations that sent molten heat streaming through her veins. She throbbed deep inside, and her legs shifted restlessly beneath his onslaught, his sensual generosity very nearly overwhelming her.
“Please,” she whispered, too shaken by her desire to feel him inside of her again to manage anything more than that one word.
He lifted his lips from her beaded nipples and swollen breasts, his expression tender and filled with the promise of fulfillment. Sitting up, he stroked her cheek with his fingertips, then trailed them from her lower lip to her chin, on to the valley between her breasts and across her quivering belly before he reached the sultry depths of her swollen sex.
Drawing Emma forward a few moments later, he drew her long legs over his thighs. They faced each other, his hands bracketing her hips as she sat atop his strong thighs. She edged closer, seeking connection, needing connection just as much as she needed air to breathe.
“Christ, you’re so damn beautiful, Emma.”
She smiled – a wholly feminine smile that promised him every pleasure imaginable. She reached down to stroke him, the searing heat of his pulsing sex branding her fingertips.
David drew her closer still. They touched, the head of his shaft pressing against her throbbing sex. Their bodies exchanged a devastatingly intimate kiss.
Emma shivered. She felt swollen and wet and incomplete. She needed him inside of her. She tightened her grip on him and stroked. Then, she changed tactics, skimming her fingertips up and down his thick length. An inarticulate sound of raw need spilled out of him. Meeting his gaze, she silently pleaded with him to take her.
“Now, babe?” His voice resonated with the rawest kind of need.
She sighed. “Now, David.”
He lifted her and penetrated her sheathe with a forceful thrust that left her trembling in his embrace and gripping his shoulders. His mouth swooped down, demanding, ruthless, and thoroughly carnal. He ate at her lips, his hunger for her voracious, and then he plunged his tongue into her mouth.
Emma responded to his consuming passion without inhibition. She wrapped her legs around him, her world pitching and tilting, her skin scorched by his body’s heat, her senses flayed by devastating need. A tidal wave of desire swamped her, threatening her grasp on reality.
She felt his fingers dig into her hips. His sex swelled deep within her, and she heard the low groan that began in his throat. Sensing he was near the edge and feeling the pressure building higher and higher within her own body, she whispered her love and relinquished herself to the imploding sensations that heralded her own climax. She held nothing back. As a result, she went spinning into a series of starbursts that utterly ravaged her senses.
At the pinnacle of her release, David thrust high and hard and deep. When a hoarse cry escaped him, Emma greedily drank in the sound. He stiffened suddenly, his sex pulsing, his seed spewing hotly into her, his mind and body shattering in the maelstrom of orgasm.
Sometime later, Emma slumped against his broad chest and rested her forehead against his shoulder. Too spent and too breathless to speak, she pressed her lips to his perspiration-slick skin.
David eventually found the strength to lower their still-joined bodies to the narrow bed. Gathering her into the shelter of his embrace, he held her as their respiration calmed and their hearts beat in unison.
He made no false promises to Emma. He simply held her close and watched over her as she drifted off to sleep.

* * *

Emma opened her eyes several hours later. David, again attired in his pajama bottoms and bathrobe, stood before the window in her hospital room, his facial expression remote. The dawn was slowly lighting the sky, and she heard a hint of the morning activity taking place beyond the locked door of her private room.
“Have you been awake long?” When he didn’t answer, she frowned. “David?”
“Morning, babe.”
The quiet cool tone of his voice put her on immediate alert. She sat up, combing her hair back from her face with her fingers. Despite her desire to believe that all was well between them, Emma knew better. She felt too vulnerable, so she reached for her discarded nightgown and slipped it over her head.
“What kind of day is it?” she asked.
David turned finally and looked at her. He made no move to approach her, though. Neither did he answer her. Instead, he searched her face with a probing gaze that she found even more disturbing than his silence.
“Talk to me, David. Don’t shut me out this way. Not again.”
She watched him close his hands into tight fists, growing apprehensive when she heard his harsh exhalation. Worried that he was still having trouble adjusting to his newfound freedom, Emma pushed back the covers and swung her legs over the side of the bed.
“Stay where you are,” he ordered. “There’s something I need to say, and I can’t put it off any longer.”
A chill passed over her, and she shrank back. She watched him while she drew on her robe. Then, she straightened, pride forbidding her to huddle beneath her renewed fear that she might lose him. “I’m listening.”
“Once I walk out of this room, I won’t be coming back. I’m leaving for Washington this morning.”
She smiled, something akin to relief flooding her. “I understand. You’ve probably got all kinds of debriefing sessions ahead of you. We can…”
“Emma!” he interrupted sharply. “Listen to me. You think you love me, but you can’t be sure of your feelings. Especially not after what’s happened to you.”
Startled, she insisted, “I do love you. How can you think that I don’t know what I feel?”
He shook his head. Sadness seemed to etch his gaunt face, and his eyes looked haunted. “You think you love me,” he said. “But once your life’s back to normal, I probably won’t have a place in it except as part of an unwelcome memory. What happened between us would have happened to any couple in our situation. We needed each other. I was your lifeline, just as you were mine. Yes, we wound up caring about each other, but it was a result of our situation and the constant threat of death or torture. The feelings that you believe you have for me are bound to change, so making a commitment to a relationship based on three weeks spent in hell would be a real mistake … a mistake I’m not willing to let you make.”
“I trusted you, David.” She couldn’t help that her words sounded accusatory.
“I haven’t betrayed your trust. What I’m trying to do now is what’s best for us both. I would never betray your trust, and you know it.”
Do I? she wondered, so shocked by his attitude and his words that she simply stared at him for several long moments.
David remained perfectly still, so still that Emma had the sudden impulse to grab him by the shoulders and shake some life, not to mention a whole lot of sense, back into him.
Instead, she demanded, “What are you feeling? What do you feel when you touch me? What do you feel when I touch you? What, David?”
“I don’t have the time or the desire to play twenty questions.”
“What do you feel?” she asked a second time, ignoring his comment.
“Too damn many emotions to even try to name them all, let alone understand them right now.”
She paled. “You don’t love me, do you? You just said you did, because you thought I needed to hear the words. Telling me that you loved me was nothing more than your way of giving me hope, of motivating me through the days and nights.”
She stopped speaking, horrified at the thought that he’d manipulated her and then told himself that it was for her own good. But the entire idea was nuts, and she knew it – knew it deep inside of her soul. “Damn you, David. You’re lying … to me and to yourself. Why?”
He started to say something, but in the end he stayed silent.
“Why are you lying?”
“Please don’t do this to yourself, babe.”
“Don’t do what?” she asked. “Don’t try to understand why you claimed to love me two days ago and now you claim not to love me?”
“You can’t be certain of your own emotions right now.”
“Quit saying that!” she shouted. “Quit behaving as though I’m incapable of coherent thought just because I spent some time in a jail cell on the wrong side of the world. I lost weight, not my mind!”
His expression hardened. “You’re making this more difficult than it has to be.”
“No, I’m not. I’m just trying to understand, and I think I do now.”
“Is it so hard to comprehend the fact that I’m not sure if what we feel is real?” he asked. “And is it so difficult for you to believe that I don’t want either one of us to make a mistake in judgment that could have disastrous results?”
“Real?” she said, repeating that one word.
“Yes, Emma, real. Real enough to be a part of my life. Real enough to endure living life as a virtual gypsy.”
“I can’t believe that you’re questioning my feelings for you.” She asked, “How can you doubt me this way? You know me better than anyone, including my own family.”
“I have to question your emotions because there’s too much at stake here. How do you think you’ll react if you’re uprooted every two or three years? Is your idea of love strong enough to get you through weeks, maybe even months, of being by yourself when I’m deployed?” When she opened her mouth to speak, he waved her to silence. “Are your feelings real enough for you to be separated for long periods of time from your family and friends? Can you find a way to maintain your commitment to Child Feed and still be a part of my life? What would you do if you had to face a pregnancy alone? Can you handle sharing your life with a man who could go to war tomorrow?”
He paused. When she said nothing, he reminded her, “My life is very real, Emma. I’ve already had one wife who couldn’t hack the reality of it, and I sure as hell don’t want another one. Surely you can see that we both need time to be certain that our feelings for each other are strong enough to withstand the pressures of my career.”
She stiffened, humiliated that he could reduce the emotions they’d shared to simple happenstance and hurt that he would underestimate her ability to make a commitment to him in spite of the demands of his career.
“What I see is that you obviously feel trapped,” she said, her tone level despite her chaotic emotions. “There’s no need. I love you, David. I probably always will, but I don’t intend to pressure you, nor will I crawl or beg in order to demonstrate the sincerity of my emotions. Another man in my life thought I should behave that way, and he was very disappointed when I didn’t. You will be, too, if that’s what you expect of me right now or in the future. And just so we’re clear on this entire situation, my career is just as demanding and just as important as yours is, and I can’t help wondering if you could hack it as my husband.”
“That’s my point. I don’t expect anything of you. I haven’t the right.”
“I gave you the right,” she said, “the first time we made love, and every other time since then. Do you think I gave my body and my heart to you out of idle curiosity about your skill as a lover? Not my style, Major. Never has been, never will be. And hasn’t it even occurred to you yet that I would never have been intimate with you if I wasn’t deeply in love with you?”
As if he were talking to himself, David murmured, “I can’t and won’t be swayed by anything you say or by the pain I’m causing you.” Then he stubbornly shook his head and crossed the room. With his hand resting on the doorknob, he looked back at her. “You and I cannot build a life together on the basis of a negative experience. It won’t work. We’re both smart enough to know how uncertain emotions can be, even in the most ideal of situations. And that cellblock sure as hell wasn’t ideal.”
She stared at him, shock and fury comingling within her heart. “I don’t believe you’re doing this to us.”
David gripped the doorknob until his knuckles whitened. “One of us must think clearly. Your feelings for me are the result of a life-and-death crisis. At the very least, you deserve the time to come to terms with being imprisoned and the emotional bond we forged in that cellblock. There’s nothing even remotely normal about what we just went through, so how can you possibly think your feelings are normal?”
“You’re making a terrible mistake,” she insisted. “A mistake you might not be able to repair.”
“It’s a risk I have to take, for both our sakes. I owe you time, Emma. Time to understand what you really feel – about yourself, about me, and about us, if there is an us. I intend to give you that time, whether or not you want it. I also owe myself time, because I don’t want either one of us to wind up as an emotional casualty.”
“Is this your idea of being honorable, Major Winslow?”
He flinched, his hazel eyes filled with icy shards of green and brown. “Yes, it is.”
“It doesn’t matter that I love you?”
“Of course, love matters,” he replied.
“But not my love for you?”
“Damn it, Emma, your love matters. It matters so much to me, I won’t risk damaging it or you.”
Emma knew David well enough to realize that he wouldn’t bend. He obviously believed what he was saying, so she stopped trying to persuade him of the depth of her love for him. She also understood rejection. She’d experienced it once before, but she couldn’t recall ever feeling totally disabled in its aftermath.
Slipping out of her hospital bed, Emma smoothed her robe into place and tightened the tie belt at her waist. She lifted her chin as she looked at David. Whatever empathy she felt for him only minutes ago disappeared. She consciously buried it beneath the wreckage of their relationship before she said in as steady a voice as she could manage, “This conversation is over. Have a nice life, Major Winslow.”
Emma jerked in surprise when she heard a crisp, oddly patterned knock at the door. Let it be Sam, she prayed. Please, God, let it be Sam.
David frowned. His eyes swept over her one final time before he jerked open the door. A tall, dark-haired, and meticulously groomed man pushing forty stood in the hallway. He wore a three-piece charcoal-gray suit that shouted Armani, and he carried an extravagant bouquet of fragrant roses. Grinning widely when he spotted Emma, he stepped into the room.
“Sam … ” She took a step forward, ready to hurl herself into his arms – something she hadn’t done since childhood.
“Be well, babe,” David said quietly.
Emma went parchment pale. “Don’t ever call me that again.”
David’s jaw hardened. After nodding at Emma’s visitor, who watched the byplay between the two of them with frank interest, he exited the room, spine stiff, hands clenched at his sides, and emotion blurring his vision.
“Hey there, baby sister, who’s your tough-looking friend?” Sam Hamilton asked after he closed the door.
Emma blinked back the tears stinging her eyes. “He’s not a friend. He was, however, in the cell next to mine. We escaped together.”
“Marine Corps Major David Winslow, I take it. The media people are chafing at the bit to get at him.”
“Well, they’re out of luck. He leaves for D.C. this morning.”
“He’s big news. Bona fide hero material, from what I hear. They’ll want a piece of you, too, but you don’t look up to a press conference.” Sam strode across the room and placed the bouquet of roses on the nightstand. “Winslow may not be your friend, but he obviously cares about you.”
Emma visibly flinched. Then, she squared her shoulders. “You’re wrong, Sam. You couldn’t be more wrong. I may love him, but he doesn’t love me enough to trust my feelings for him. He thinks I’m suffering from some bizarre form of Stockholm syndrome.”
Sam flashed a sympathetic glance in her direction and didn’t try to change her mind. Pulling her into his arms, he hugged her. “You gonna be okay?”
She trembled as she held tightly to him. Resting her forehead against his chest, she sighed. “Physically, I’m fine. Emotionally, I’m a total train wreck, and I’m not sure how to clean up the mess I’ve just made of my life.”
“How about a good meal and then some first class shopping in Paris? Mom said you’d need lots of great food and a new wardrobe once the doctors declared you fit to travel.”
She nodded as she moved out of his embrace, slipped across the room to stand before the window, and idly fingered the slats of the blind.
Sam Hamilton frowned. “Emmaline?”
A tear slid down her cheek, then another, but she responded to the brotherly worry in his voice when she turned to face him. “Get me out of here, Sam. I need to feel safe again.”  And loved, she thought, her heart so hollow, it hurt with every beat. I need to feel loved. If not by David, then by my family.
He nodded. “I left a small bag for you at the nurse’s station. I’ll go get it. Once you shower and dress, we’re out of here. Paris first so you can shop and rest up for a few days at my place … Mom’s orders, by the way … and then a flight home to San Diego. Sound like a plan, baby sister?”
“Yes,” she whispered. “I’ll shower now. I’ll need those clothes in ten minutes.”



CHAPTER 11


“EMMALINE, IF you don’t snap out of this depression fairly soon, I’m going to insist that you see Dr. Mercer. Perhaps he can do for you what the rest of us have failed to do.”
Emma gripped the telephone until her knuckles turned white. She knew her mother’s concern was legitimate. She’d been wandering around like a lost puppy since returning to Southern California six weeks earlier.
Her parents were worried sick about her, her sister kept threatening to deck the first Marine Corps officer who crossed her path, and her brother called at least every other day from Paris to check up on her.
“For the record, Mom, no one’s failed me, and I’m not depressed. Just kind of sad.”
“Anger’s the next stage, and you’re darn close,” Mrs. Hamilton cautioned. “So prepare yourself for it, darling.”
“You know me too well, but quit worrying. I’ll bounce back. I always do.”
“As I see it, you’ve got two choices. Either find the man and talk some sense into him, or get on with your life without him. There’s no middle ground in this situation.”
“David doesn’t want me. He’s made that very clear.”
“Then he’s a fool, and you’re better off without him.”
“He’s not a fool, just very strong-willed.”
“Stubborn,” her mother corrected, “and that particular personality trait in a man can be hell on a woman’s emotions.”
Emma laughed, recalling the noisy confrontations of her childhood between her very emotional Italian mother and her determined Irish father. Their personalities frequently clashed, but they’d never stopped loving each other. Not ever.
“That observation sounds like personal experience talking,” she teased.
“Now don’t get me started on your mule-headed father. There are times when talking to that man is like trying to communicate with a rock, but I love him. I guess forty years of indulging his little quirks has become something of a habit.” She changed the subject with typical abruptness. “Let’s have lunch tomorrow. I can get away from the gallery around one.”
Emma smiled, aware of her mother’s food preferences. “Any good ideas?”
“What else? L’Auberge in Del Mar at one. I’ll put it in my book.”
“Give Dad a hug for me.”
“You could do that yourself if you drop by this evening.”
“Maybe later in the week or over the weekend,” Emma hedged. “Dad will try to talk me into going back to work. I’m not ready yet.”
“You won’t have to take any trips back to the Middle East.”
“That’s not the problem, and you already know my feelings on that subject. Our work there is important, and I refuse to be intimidated by bullies, thugs, or dictators. It’s just that I want a little more time to myself. I really need it.”
Her mother finally admitted defeat. “Alright, darling, but take care, please, and stop moping around. It’s not healthy. Try out that new cookbook I gave you, or go shopping for some clothes. You need a new cocktail dress for the Child Feed fundraiser next month. If those ideas don’t appeal to you, call your sister and make a date to see a movie.”
She smiled, aware that she wasn’t ready to take any of her mother’s advice. “Thanks, Mom. I love you.”
Setting aside her cell phone, Emma felt torn between gratitude to her supportive family and the aching sense of loss she still felt. She loved David, even more now than when they’d parted.
Two weeks of pampering by her mother and sleeping in her old bedroom at home, as well as a month of privacy in her own beachfront cottage hadn’t changed her feelings or her needs. Wandering into the kitchen, Emma paused in front of the glass-paned French doors.
Her gaze drifted across a wide stretch of deserted beach to linger on the white-capped Pacific Ocean. It was unseasonably cold for March; an advancing storm had already darkened the sky and made the ocean swells appear angry and threatening.
Emma abruptly turned away from the view. Feeling dissatisfied with herself, she knew she couldn’t continue mourning the loss of a man who didn’t love her. I’m pining away like some helpless twit in a Victorian novel. I want me back, and I want my life back.
Seizing a plastic bucket, Emma filled it with warm water and detergent and then located the sponge mop. She needed activity, she told herself as she dunked the mop into the bucket and squeezed out the excess water.
“So I’ll clean!” she announced with the relief of finally finding an outlet for all of the pent-up emotions tumbling around inside. “I may be losing my mind at the moment, but I’ll clean until this place shines and then I’ll go back to work. You’re finished messing with my emotions, David Winslow. Do you hear me, Major? You are officially done!”
After mopping the kitchen floor, she moved into the hallway, the tails of her long silk shirt slapping against her thighs like punctuation marks to her anger.
Intent on her task, she jumped at the sound when she heard a fist pounding on her front door. Propping the mop against the wall, Emma marched to the door, jerked it open, and almost fainted on the spot when she discovered David standing on her doorstep.
He looked different, she realized as she braced herself with a hand against the doorframe. Dressed in black jeans, turtleneck sweater, and a leather bomber jacket that looked like the real thing, David appeared rested, healthy, and properly fed.
As they stood there, a sudden gust of rain spattered his shoulders and hair, the latter now close-cropped and an even darker shade of mahogany than she remembered. His hazel eyes had lost their shadows of fatigue, and, if it was possible, his clean-shaven jaw appeared even sturdier than the last time she’d seen him.
Just looking at him made her go all hot and needy inside. She resented her response to him, but she doubted she could do much about it. Her gaze narrowed as she noted the stack of wrapped packages in his arms and the half-smile on his rugged face.
“Making a delivery?” She sounded flippant, her anger still sparking like live wires inside her despite her impulse to fling herself into his arms and hold on until the whole world disappeared.
“Only if you’re accepting them.”
“I don’t know that I should.”
He angled his head to one side, his gaze speculative but his expression clearly stating that it was up to her whether he would go or stay.
Apparently willing to wait for her decision, he stood there and watched her. He behaved as though the sky was simply weeping lightly and not in the process of unleashing a storm that would likely last through the night. He smiled suddenly, and Emma felt a flush sweep through her entire body.
“Maybe I should go back to the car and get my umbrella,” he commented, his eyes darkly serious despite the grin lifting the corners of his lips.
She slowly shook her head and stepped aside, watching that easy-on-the-eyes, loose-limbed walk of his as he strolled into her living room, deposited the gaily-wrapped packages onto the couch, and then shed his leather jacket.
“I wasn’t expecting company.” She closed the door and fidgeted with the collar of her shirt while he glanced around approvingly at the contemporary décor of the cottage.
“I was afraid to call. I figured you’d refuse to see me.”
Her eyes widened. David Winslow was afraid?
“Feel like giving me the nickel tour?”
“Maybe later,” she answered.
He wandered to the wall of windows on the far side of the room. Like the kitchen, the living room overlooked the ocean. “This was worth the airfare from Washington.” He exhaled, his broad shoulders shifting as Emma studied the strong, lean lines of his body. He glanced back at her. “Looks like it’s getting worse out there. My flight was almost diverted into Los Angeles because of the weather.”
She slowly inched into the room. “You flew out here today?”
He nodded.
“How did you find me?”
David shrugged. “It wasn’t hard. You gave me enough to go on.”
“Why are you here, David?”
“I missed you. Thought I’d stop in and say hello.”
Flummoxed, she stared at him. “This isn’t exactly your backyard.”
“It will be in another month or so.”
Emma tilted her head to one side. “I don’t understand.”
“I’ll be stationed about ten minutes from here.”
“At Miramar?”
He smiled in reply.
She trembled under the impact of that potent smile. “Then you’re here to apartment hunt?”
He shook his head, his smile fading. “I’ll be stationed here for two or three years, so I’ll probably buy a house.”
She watched him move into the center of the room and saw what appeared to be a flash of stark vulnerability in his eyes. When it disappeared, she wondered if she’d imagined it. She shifted nervously.
She felt his gaze glide downward to her braless breasts. Emma resisted the urge to cover them with her hands when her nipples tightened and tingled. She drew in an uneven breath, and she managed to ask, “Would you like a drink?”
David nodded once, turning back to the view through the huge windows instead of watching her flight from the room. All of his nerve endings sizzled with desire, but her reaction to his arrival saddened him.
He felt her hesitation and uncertainty, aware that he’d been the cause. He shifted, trying with little success to ease the pressure building in his loins. He wanted her in his life and his bed with an intensity that still had the power to shock him.
“David?”
Although he heard Emma whisper his name a few minutes later, David allowed himself a moment to inhale and then exhale slowly. He ached for her now in the same way that he’d ached for her every day and every night for the last six weeks. Finally mastering his body, he turned, met her curious gaze, and accepted the mug of beer she held out to him.
“Make yourself comfortable.” Emma slipped away on bare feet and took a seat at the end of the couch.
David sat at the opposite end of the long couch, the stack of packages like a barrier between them. He took a sip of beer before placing the mug on the coffee table. “How’ve you been?”
“Lonely. Hurt. Angry.” She paused, then said, “That pretty well covers it.”
“Me, too.”
“You were right, David.”
Alert to the challenge in her voice, he asked, “Right about what?”
“My feelings for you did change.”
He nodded, but he died a little inside. “I thought they might.”
Drawing up her long legs, Emma wrapped her arms around them and parked her chin on her knees. “Why are you really here?”
He smiled. “You promised me a birthday bash. I thought I’d collect on your promise.”
She glanced at the packages. “You don’t give presents on your birthday. You receive them.”
“Old Montana tradition. I brought my own.”
She laughed in spite of herself. “I’ll have to trust you.”
“You did once before,” he reminded her. “Perhaps you will again one day.” He selected a package and handed it to her. “This one’s for you.”
Bemused, she straightened and accepted his offering. After unwrapping and opening the box, Emma discovered a sapphire silk teddy in the folds of the tissue paper. “It’s beautiful,” she whispered, startled that he would give her such an intimate garment.
David handed her a second package. “This one’s for you, too. Go ahead and open it.”
She did and found an ankle-length white lace nightgown. Her hands trembled as she skimmed her fingertips over the delicate material. “This is so extravagant.”
“One more,” he said, handing over the largest package.
“Alright.” She gasped as she withdrew a black silk, ankle-length robe from the box. “I don’t understand.”
“There’s nothing to understand. This is my birthday celebration. You said we’d celebrate it together, so we are.”
“But these gifts are for a woman.”
He shook his head. “They’re for you, Emma. Only you.”
“You aren’t making any sense.”
He smiled so sadly, she gripped the silk robe to keep from reaching out to him.
“When a man’s being honorable, he doesn’t always make a lot of sense … even when he’s trying to.”
“I’m not sure what this is all leading up to, so why don’t you tell me the real reason for your visit.”
“There’s no point. You told me your feelings have changed.”
She nodded. Stubbornness glinted in her eyes. “They have.”
He frowned at the expression on her face, but then he quietly asked, “How exactly have your feelings changed, Emma?”
His rough low voice sent chills across her skin, but she consciously set aside her reaction to the sound and to his nearness. Because she knew she had nothing left to lose, she spoke the truth in a clear voice. “My feelings for you are stronger and far deeper than before.”
A muscle worked in his jaw. “Say that again, babe.”
“I love you more now than I loved you the last time I saw you.” She made sure that there was a clear warning in her voice that no one could ever persuade her otherwise. “I told you once that I would always love you, David. I meant it.”
He got up, crossed the room, and reached for his jacket. Emma froze. For a moment she thought he intended to simply walk out of her life again.
Plucking an item from the inside pocket of his leather jacket, David retraced his steps and paused in front of her. He extended his hand and drew her up to stand before him. “This is my present to myself, but it won’t mean much if you don’t like it.”
She fumbled with the small velvet covered box after he dropped it into the palm of her hand. About to open it, her nerves got the best of her. “I can’t.”
He went stone still. “You don’t want it?”
She shook her head as she stared at the velvet container. “It’s not that. I’m just nervous. I don’t want to drop it, whatever it is.”
David smiled. “I’m nervous too.” He accepted the box, snapped it open, and turned it so that Emma could see the three carat pear-cut diamond engagement ring lodged within. A matching wedding band with smaller pear-cut diamonds rested next to it.
“Oh, my,” Emma whispered as she glanced from the rings to David’s face and then back at the rings. “They’re beautiful.”
“I love you, Emma Hamilton. Will you marry me?”
She walked straight into his arms, slipped her arms around his waist, and held on to him. She savored the feel of his muscular chest, flat belly, and powerful thighs as she molded herself to him.
“You shouldn’t have sent me away. It was an insane thing to do. We needed each other. If you ever try to do something like that to me again, I will find a gun and use it on you.”
“I didn’t want to leave you, babe, but I believed it was the right thing to do when I did it. You needed time alone. So did I.”
“Six and a half weeks?” she demanded, outraged anew by the length of their separation. “It’s been awful.”
“Pure hell,” he agreed. “But please try to understand … when my ex-wife left me, I swore I’d never let myself love anyone so much that I’d feel like dying if the relationship ended. But that’s exactly how I’ve felt since Germany. Empty and alone … dead inside.”
“It’s been that way for me, too.”
He ground his teeth together and shook his head, his disgust with himself evident. “I was afraid to need you too much, babe, but I did. Every day. Every night. I thought we cared about each other for the wrong reasons, and I believed that once we were free we’d stop needing each other. I was wrong. If anything, I needed and wanted you even more. You were like a beacon of hope for me in prison. You became my strength. I focused on you, and I managed to forget my anger, my hunger, and my pain. You made me laugh, you made me want to cry some of the time, and you made me ache with needs that only you can satisfy.”
“But, David … ”
“Let me finish, because I want to put this past month and a half behind us for good. I thought I loved you, but I wasn’t completely certain. I also didn’t want to hurt you, but I was damned whatever I did. Sending you away was painful for us both, but I was convinced it was our only option. The minute I got on that plane for Washington, I knew I’d just made the biggest mistake of my life.”
“You could have called me. We could have talked.”
“I almost did,” he admitted. “Several times.”
Bewildered, she asked, “What stopped you?”
“I loved you enough to not pressure you when you were putting your life back together.”
She remembered the emptiness and isolation of the preceding six weeks. Tears welled in her eyes, but she blinked them back. “I didn’t think you loved me at all.”
David cupped her face with his hands and lowered his lips to hers. He kissed her gently, almost reverently. When he lifted his head, he asked, “How could I not love you? You’re all I think about. You’re everything I’ve ever wanted. You’re my future, babe. Everything else that’s happened is in the past, and I want it to stay that way.”
He wrapped his arms around her, nearly crushing her within his embrace as he seared the side of her neck and her face with hot kisses. “I handled the entire situation very badly, but I needed you to be sure. I meant it when I said it wasn’t easy to marry a man in military aviation. There are a lot of sacrifices involved. I’ve already had one relationship go up in smoke because of my work, and I can’t bear the thought of another failed marriage.”
She tenderly stroked the side of his face with her fingertips. “David, I love you enough to understand your career and live with it. I’m also enough of an individual to maintain my own interests. And that includes Child Feed, because I don’t intend to abandon my work.”
He looked down at her. “I honestly believed that you were too fragile to know your own mind or to understand your true feelings about us by the time we arrived in Germany. I guess I didn’t understand the kind of emotional commitment you were making to me when we made love. I even convinced myself that your feelings for me probably wouldn’t last once your life got back to normal. Now, I know I was wrong. I wound up hurting you when all I was trying to do was protect you. Can you ever forgive me what I’ve put us through?”
She smiled. Forgiveness came easily because she now understood that they’d both paid a painfully high price for their time apart. He’d had the best intentions, she realized, no matter how misguided.
“It doesn’t matter how or where or why we fell in love, David. It just matters that we love each other enough to make a lifetime commitment. I have enormous faith in us. I have since those first minutes in my cell when you cared enough to ask me if I was alright.”
“I realize that now. Believe me, I’ve had more lonely hours for real thinking than I care to recall.” He took the engagement ring from the box and slipped it onto her finger. “I need an answer, babe.”
“Do you promise to always talk to me before you do what you think is best for me?” she asked, the teasing undertone in her voice softening the difficult question.
He nodded, his expression serious. “Always.”
“Do you promise to assume that I will love you regardless of what you do for a living?”
He smiled. “I promise.”
“Do you promise to trust me when I tell you that I love you?”
“Absolutely.”
“And do you promise to love me forever and to make beautiful babies with me?”
He kissed her soundly and then whispered against her lips, “With pleasure. Now, say you’ll marry me.”
She smiled. “Yes, David, I will marry you.”
Emma welcomed his embrace and his lips. And as she savored the consuming fire of his passion, she knew with utter certainty that both his love and his desire for her would endure for a lifetime.


The End



The Warrior Series Continues…


MIDNIGHT STORM (Book 2)

“Not even the destructive force of a tornado can equal the MIDNIGHT STORM in the heart of the lovely innkeeper when a handsome Marine Corps pilot comes back into her life after barely surviving a perilous mission in the Middle East…this compelling love story from Laura Taylor shines, ending on a note of luminous joy for lucky readers to savor and cherish.” Romantic Times Book Review


HEARTBREAKER (Book 3)

Romantic Times Career Achievement Award – Series Romantic Adventure for Heartbreaker

* * * * * (5 stars) HEARTBREAKER Sizzles – says mem317 / Amazon Reader Reviewer
“I never write book reviews, but I am making an exception since I've enjoyed reading several of Laura Taylor's romantic suspense novels in recent months. Heartbreaker – like her other novels – is an intense, sensual battle of the sexes that I absolutely loved. I can't wait for Laura Taylor's next book, and I think you'll feel the same way when you read them – they're addicting!”


MORE THAN FRIENDS (Book 4)

"Golden Rose Award recipient and RWA RITA Award Finalist Laura Taylor’s ability to marry passion with psychological integrity makes her a fantastic storyteller and a wordsmith not to be missed. MORE THAN FRIENDS is ample proof!”
—Helen R. Myers, USA Today-Bestseller & Award-Winning Author.
